The stage was a safe haven, an island in a sea of depravity, but Steve couldn't be up there, couldn't find refuge with Bucky. So when the first song was over, he took his drink and set it on the edge of the stage, shoved up behind Bucky's case where he'd find it, then he turned to go.
“What do you want to play?” Tony asked, when they made their way to the huge suite that served as his room. He dumped his bag by the door and flopped into a bean bag chair in front of the TV.
Steve ordered for both of them and when they had their coffee and their treats they settled down on either side of the booth. Tony picked at his brownie, forehead deeply furrowed. "Do you want to talk about it?" Steve asked.
Steve grabbed the handcuff chain with one hand, tugged, and it snapped easily in two. He lifted Tony into his arms as if he weighed nothing and clutched him to his chest. “Clear the main floor. I’m getting him out.”
Even worse, as Tony and his date slid into their seats, they swapped places, without realizing, so it was Steve seated next to the bad man and Tony on the other side.
"No? When then? Cause rent's due next week." Bucky sat on the end of the bed by Steve's feet. "You know I'd work night and day if it meant you got to work on what you love. You're my brother, Stevie, and I'd do anything for you, but Fury doesn't have more shifts to fill for a saxophone player. He needs a bartender, though, and I can't do both at once. You've got a crazy good memory, you can carry big crates, and you're good with people, which is all you need, and he can be sure you won't be stealing booze from him."
He leaned back as far as he could without tipping over and managed to grab a pencil. He shoved it down the edge of the cast and tried to wiggle it. So close…
Tony laughed outright, the pretty sound twisting Bucky's stomach in knots. "So you're asking me? Don't you think that's just as weird?"
Steve spread his arms, and Tony flowed into them. He gathered him close. “We have stuff to work out.”
Tony laughed. “Okay, fair point.” He yawned then stretched, rubbing an acre of skin against Steve’s side. Anthony, on Steve’s chest, copied the movement, reaching his arms up high and his legs out long, before settling again with a soft sigh. Steve’s heart swelled in his chest. He bent down and pressed a long kiss to Anthony’s warm head, breathing in his unique scent - baby powder and… that indescribable toddler smell, like fresh bread. Steve was sure he would never get enough of that.
Mr. Stark looked up from where he sat on the couch, Captain Rogers asleep on his shoulder, and smiled. His fingers squeezed a little where they were entwined with Captain Rogers'. "Thanks, J."
Tony flicked his eyes back over to Steve’s. Bright, wide, wondering. That was real hope glowing in them, real love. “No. No, that’s not what I want,” he admitted. The licking flames of their fight had faded into nothing more than smouldering embers, easily washed out.  "I want to be with you.“
catching the dog under his arms as Tony caught him the same way. “Rowdy! What are you doing here - get down!” Rowdy dropped his paws to the floor and wagged his whole body, wriggling his way around the two of them. “What’s he doing here? I thought you were coming straight here from work?”
Steve laughed. He reached out and, moving slowly and carefully, curled his hand over Tony’s again. “You’re not going to fuck it up,” he whispered conspiratorially. “But we can practice if you want.”
The man tucked his platter under his arm and shook his head. “My apologies, sir, but I’ve been asked not to say. It’s a gift,” he explained, “from a secret admirer!” His eyes danced with amusement and Tony found himself intrigued.
Steve brushed an errant tear from Tony’s cheek then eased him down onto his back on the bed. Tony almost cried out around the gag with relief when two fingers pressed against the rim of his hole. Finding him still well-prepped from earlier, Steve let Tony’s cock go so it throbbed insistently against his stomach, and hooked both of Tony’s thighs to pull him up into his lap, shoulders resting back on the mattress.
Tony’d had this fantasy one too many times not to just melt into the touch and open to the kiss, letting it sink deeper. But when Steve’s tongue darted out, Tony was reminded of seeing Mark do the same, and he jerked back with a yelp, shoving hard at Steve’s chest.
Fairies weren’t allowed love. He couldn’t have Tony for himself, even if Tony had wanted him back, which he didn’t. Steve gripped his wand in both hands. If only the spell - now feeling like a curse - that had made him who he was had stolen his heart away so it couldn’t ache like this, couldn’t yearn. Then he’d happily do his job, help Tony find happiness with someone else and walk away. Instead, a tear slipped from Steve’s eye.
This was ridiculous. If he wanted to talk to Steve so badly that he was hallucinating, he should just go for it, other sleepers be damned.
They rocked together, Steve's thrusts becoming more and more desperate, as time lost all meaning and Tony's body lost all control. He couldn't fight anymore, couldn't speak, couldn't move; all he could do was hold on and keen for more, more, more.
His eyes settled on another man who had the skeezy look of a prowler about him. He was dressed far too finely for the kind of establishment they were in. So crisply and cleanly that even in the smoke-filled darkness of the bar, Steve could tell he was well polished. His facial hair was perfectly trimmer, there was no dirt or grime on him, and his shoes were so shiny they might as well have been brand new.
The receptionist gestured to someone behind Steve's back, and a moment later, a hand landed on his shoulder. "Everything alright here?" asked the security guard.
Four days later, Tony sat at his desk, squinting at a medical journal and wondering when they were going to stop publishing the whacked-out shit that Dr. Hammer kept sending them.
It was hard, getting used to Anthony being in another room, but they’d both agreed that the best way to get him settled in the new place was to have him sleeping alone from day one. If they both spent several hours of the first night sitting just out of sight in the hallway, well that was no one’s business but their own.
They would have to run, now, no doubt pursued on both sides, but at least they’d be running together.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
“I know.” Steve wriggled down further into the bed. Natasha’s presence was soothing, and some of the frustration and anger from the afternoon faded. He wondered if Clint had paired them for a reason, hid behind Laura as the messenger. As much as he appreciated that, he still wished Tony were the one lying beside him right now. Except that would only lead to more fighting.
"Me too." Steve dropped his gaze to Tony's lips again. They were swollen and pink from rough kisses and gasping nips, but his tongue darted out to run along the bottom on, making it shiny with moisture, and Steve couldn't help pressing down and claiming it again. Tony opened to the kiss with a soft sigh, body rippling against Steve's.
“Yeah.” Steve reached up to wrap his fingers around Tony’s wrist. His thumb snuck into the gap between Tony’s glove and his sleeve and he rubbed the pad over Tony’s soulmark, soothing the ache. “SHIELD gave me a house in the twenty-first century, but you’re the one who gave me a home.”
Tags: Skinny!Steve, fluff, domestic, no-powers AU, doggo, cuddles, seriously so fluffy, established relationship
Steve stood on the patio until his alarm went off an hour later, then packed up his sign and hustled off to the T. While he rattled in the subway car on the way home, he dug his notebook out and checked off the boxes on his list. For the hundredth time, he rejoiced in his perfect memory. It let him run his experiment without trying to discreetly mark down the hugees with people watching. Fewer people would want one, probably, if they knew it was for his sociology class. He liked to think it brightened their day, though, even if it was all in aid of a credit. In fact, the more he thought about it, the more Steve thought he might still do it once in a while, even when his class was done. It shouldn't have been surprising how many college students were in need of a hug, but it tugged at his heartstrings when people burrowed in a little deeper or held him a little tighter.
Tony sunk his head down, swallowing Steve’s cock until his nose hit Steve’s zipper. His throat muscles clenched with vise-like heat, rippling. He sucked then pulled back, swirling his tongue around the head of Steve’s cock as he popped off.
Tony watched on the monitor as the elevator descended towards the lab, Steve leaning against the back wall of it, twisting his fingers nervously together. It was too late to hide, and Tony didn’t really want to anyway. He knew he’d been avoiding Steve lately, unable to see him without thinking about grocery-store-guy glued to his face, and of course Steve would notice.
“Oh.” Steve’s entire being collapsed down into itself, making him look more like the half-Steve he was before the serum than Captain America.
The next day he was at BU, then back to MIT on Wednesday. He alternated his schedule each week so he did an hour and a half on two or three days for each school, and he tracked every hug he gave. He always felt a little more awkward at MIT, since he didn't know anyone there, but it also meant he didn't run into acquaintances from his own classes which had its own opportunities for awkwardness.
Everyone declared at once that they were thirsty, so Steve agreed to guard their stuff while the others went to grab drinks. Tony promised to bring him something back. Steve was flipping through Twitter on his phone when a foot bumped against Steve’s. He looked up then scowled when he saw Justin and Brock smirking down at him.
“The painting?” Tony took out his phone and opened the gallery. He flicked to a folder and a sea of images of Steve’s graffiti work appeared. He flicked through them then stopped on one of Iron Man with a steampunk theme, all gears and pistons. “Like this.”
Tony laughed. "I swear I was just leaning over to ask if I could share your outlet, when I saw you had my face on your phone. I don't normally go around creeping on people's phones. Not much, anyway."
“What do you see happening here?” Tony asked, sipping the disgusting coffee and trying not to curl his lip up. A slight twitch in Steve’s expression told him he had anyway.
Tony could see Steve hesitate, the way he curled in on himself as if he could make himself disappear, but then his Steve Rogers Fight came back and he uncurled. He nodded. "Yes. That sounds good."
Tags: Rated: T, fluff, silly, Easter fic, bunny!Steve, tail and ears, lusty Tony, happy family Avengers.
“Right…” Steve stared morosely at the uneven cake until Bucky wrapped his arms around him and dragged him back over to the couch. He backed Steve up and pushed him down then climbed into his lap, kissing him silly. It wasn’t long before the cake was shoved entirely out of Steve’s mind.
He started with his email, but despite multiple refreshes, there was nothing new. Twitter, Facebook, and reddit all failed to offer anything interesting, so Steve's thumb automatically jumped to Tinder next. It was always interesting, seeing what was out there in a completely new city, and Chicago was no different. Even though Steve wasn't particularly interested in hooking up tonight - it'd get him out of the airport but it'd be pretty awkward to maneuver with his bags - it was mildly amusing to flick through the men and women on offer and get a sense of the city he hadn't seen more of than lights from an airplane window.
Tony pulled Steve to his feet so they were standing chest to chest. “Six months alone, trapped in a loop, is a long time, Steve. I know that won’t just go away overnight.”
Steve cranked the heat all the way up and flicked his blinker on, waiting until traffic cleared to pull back out. The full blast of the heater blocked out any other sounds, so for the first few minutes, they travelled in silence, Steve sneaking glances at his new passenger whenever he could. “Steve,” he finally said, stretching his hand across the cab towards the hitchhiker.
“You’re not fooling anyone, Tony,” came Steve’s low rumble in reply. There was a smile in his voice, though, so Tony grinned and shifted around, spreading his legs wider and pulling his arms taut so his back arched prettily.
Steve sighed. “I just - I notice what you order. I know it’s not always the same, but there’s a pattern.”
“Yeah, but we’ll have leftovers that we’ll need during unpacking. Plus it’s the only scientific way to approach this. We’re in a new neighbourhood, and we need to know which is the go-to Chinese takeout place. It’s critical.”
And she was. With a little encouragement, Tony reached out and placed his hand on top of the dog’s head. Steve pet her too, trying to show him the best way to do it, and the dog’s tail swished impossibly faster. Her tongue popped out then sucked in again, and she whined softly, wriggling closer to Tony’s knees. Tony screeched, and Steve winced, but it was followed by a cascade of wild, giggly laughter. His joy only drew the dog closer until her head was practically in his lap. He ruffled his fingers through her hair then tugged on her ears.
Steve burst out laughing causing the omega to blush slightly. Steve smiled softly as he pulled Tony closer so he could kiss him once more.
“I’ll let them know. I’m sure Fury will be happy to allow you some time off for family matters, especially as you caught Strucker.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw Clint approaching. He had just gone up to give his and Nat’s mission report from last night. Though Agent Coulson wouldn’t normally take that long, just going over a few details before emailing a more thorough analysis. Focusing back on his friend in front of him, smiling softly as he took in her words about the new advancements in omega protection. Agent Carter was no ordinary agent, she was also Vice-President of SHIELD but she enjoyed going out on the field. Natasha, his beta and third in command, was standing beside him but moved around Steve to get to Clint.
He gets an answer from Steve, “yeah, felt amazing”, Steve says out of breath and his cheeks blush some more.
After the repair Steve made them both sandwiches and they discussed about their past lives until it was time for dinner. Steve got to tell Tony about the life before and during the war.
Tony looked at Steve and the tears welled in his eyes. There was the deep sorrow but at the same time the shame reflected from his eyes.
The snap had caused some injuries on Tony’s arm and his face. Steve gazed Tony’s eyes as he crouched in front of the man who he loves. Steve was the only person who could really read Tony’s eyes. This time there was pain in his eyes, the snap hurt Tony physically but the pain reflecting from eyes wasn’t physical, wasn’t caused by the pain in his hand or his face. What caused the pain was the leaving. In past years Tony had learned to love life, to love living. He knew this was his end but for the first time in years, he didn’t want to leave. The pain in his eyes reflected the pain in his heart.
When he’s very close he whispers “can– can you kiss me again?” The question shook Tony and he looked maybe too amazed because Steve adds quickly “no, no, you don’t have to if you don’t want. I-– it just felt nice.”
“Felt good”, Tony blurts out, he doesn’t know if he meant it to be a question or he’s own opinion. It definitely was his own opinion because the kiss with Steve felt so good. He likes Steve and he hopes that Steve knows that now.
“Well, it’s okay,” everything was always okay for Steve, he’d cope. Steve took some butter and cheese from the fridge and placed them on the table and started buttering the bread. He throw few pieces of cheese on top of the sandwiches and poured himself some juice.
Steve had been sleeping longer than usually, Tony had already left the room when Steve woke up. He grabbed his t-shirt and pair of sweatpants and headed towards the elevator with a rush. He put his clothes on in the elevator. The elevator was probably the fastest in town but still it went down too slowly. Steve turned sideways and pushed himself out of the elevator before the doors were fully open.
Tony walks towards Steve who sits on the left side of the bed, facing the wall. When he reaches Steve, Tony sits next to him and rests his hand on his shoulder. He just holds it there and Tony notices even that takes some of the stiffness away, the touch of Tony eases Steves pain, he caresses his thumb over Steve clavicle.
Suddenly Steve is hugging Tony, Steve exhales a shuttering breath on Tony’s shoulder when his whole upper body is pressed against the man. Tony wraps his hands around Steve and hugs him back. Steve looked so small, crying there on his bed but now when Tony’s hands are around him, he realizes how huge Steve is compared to himself. Tony feels himself so tiny in Steve’s big hands. Steve grabs the back of Tony’s t-shirt on his hands, like baby crabs a toy, tight, never wanting to let go. He smells the scent of Tony’s shampoo, the scent of Tony, and it feels nice and safe. Tony caresses Steve’s back and hair. He can feel Steve’s tears wetting his shirt and the warm breath against his shoulder, now Steve breaths more evenly and the tense of his muscles is almost gone. Tony feels more warmth inside him.
“But what blue one?” The brunette groaned, dropping his phone onto the bed as he looked over at his outfit choices for tonight.
“Tony?” Steve called, going over to the kitchen. The light was on and the alpha had awakened at 5 am to an empty bed once again. “Tony?” He repeated, poking his head through the door.
I just want to give a final thank you to everyone reading this book. It means so much to me. I love reading the comments I get and seeing every time my hits and kudos go up.
Time soon passed and over half the food had been eaten, most of the champagne had been drunk, mainly by Tony, and the alpha and omega were cuddling up to one another. Tony let out a content sigh, fingers tracing random patterns on Steve’s chest as his merry thoughts swirled.
“We know every registered omega in this country. Part of our policy is to protect lone omegas that have left their pack or been abandoned by them.” The human explains, taking out a small key-card from his desk. “You will get to stay here, and you will work for SHIELD. We don’t keep you here at ransom, you can leave if you wish it. But this is a one time offer, Mr Stark. We will give you 24 hours to think it over.” Agent Coulson explains, placing the card on the desk. “This will take you around most places in the building, including your room.”
“Everyone okay?” Bruce’s worried voice called over the comm. The pack all responded. All of them had gotten out safely. “Steve?”
Bruce and Clint continued to talk, but Steve couldn’t focus on them. Tony was missing. He hadn’t come home. He needed to find his mate.
“I’m good.” Steve coughed, a brick sliding off his shield as he sat up, looking up at the room that had been blown to pieces, flames flickering in the wind.
“We seriously need to invest in a bigger minivan.” Bucky huffed, pushing Clint’s quiver away from him for it to fall back onto his leg. “It’s too cosy in here.”
A mischievous grin spread across Tony’s face. He was literally sobbing a second ago, leaving the scientist confused at the mood change. The omega had gone from trying to fight an alpha, to crying, to wanting to blow stuff up.
Steve stopped, eyeing the small boy curled up on the ground. He couldn’t have been any older than seven or eight. The alpha stepped closer, causing the boy to curl up more.
He didn’t have many items to move in. Of course, he had his clothes, both old and new, and a few personal items that he had with him when he was abandoned that day, but that was all. No furniture of the sort, so packing was easy.
“Let’s go set up the dining room,” Natasha spoke up, sliding off the counter, grabbing the pasta bowls and going over to the beta and two deltas.
The blonde nodded in reply. “I do too. I’m going to head off now, get back to my pack. I’ll text you sometime?”
“I know what it’s like...” Bruce gave a look of sympathy “Why don’t we have a chat over some coffee?”
“I did the same.” Bruce walked over two mugs of coffees in his hands. He passed one to Tony before continuing. “Before we became a pack, there would be times when we would work together on missions, though we were never as one big group. We had different abilities that we could give. Though, one time we all got put together. It felt like we were a proper pack, Steve leading us as an alpha should. So, when Steve asked me to join in on an actual pack a few weeks later, I was excited, but I was nervous too. We had only worked together twice, and he knew about my wolf form, but I was still worried about being in a pack and what that would do being around other shifters all the time. Since the accident, I hadn’t been in a pack, let alone with people I didn’t even know that well and two of them aren’t even wolves. But it worked. We’ve been a pack for five years now and it’s been amazing, Tony. I’ve learnt to control my wolf form more and he respects Steve as an alpha. It's more than what I could have wished for. We’re a weird mix of shifters, but it somehow evens out, though we do have our problems here and there.”
4) Pirate AU: (I like the pirates of the Caribbean alright) Captain Tony Stark, Commodore Steve Rogers -no one knows why Tony hates Steve so much until they find out why -ft. sneaky Loki trying to rule the land and sea and the two teams have to stop him -Not sure if I can do this becasuse I can't type like a pirate because I'll get angry/forget about the grammar with how they talk.
“Okay, that’s enough.” A shot was fired, the gun falling from Clint’s head as the HYDRA agent fell to the ground, bleeding from the bullet wound in his head.
“Loki has given his turn to Tony, so he chooses. That’s what we’re watching Sam.” Steve spoke up. “You had your turn two days ago.”
Since November my life has taken a turn and a lot of bad things has happened and they haven't eased off. There have been good points (I got a bf for one) but a lot of what's happening at home has had a negative effect on me. Alongside that, I'm still at uni and I've got lots of assessments due in etc. I guess I just lot my touch with writing because of everything that has happened. However, I miss it dearly and I want to get back into it. This is just a small chapter, which I made myself write so I'm sorry if it's bad, to try and get me into the groove of things again and to also let you know that I will be back. I promise. I am determined to finish this fic and I have lots more I plan to write (I started writing the friends with benefits fic too so that will be something to look forward to).
Tony didn’t move from his position. He gave a glance up to the alpha before concentrating on the screen again, aiming a little yellow bubble to hit a row of the same colour. Just as he fired it, the alpha spoke again.
“Oh I did, I just didn’t think I’d need it.” Tony gave a small shrug. “Like I said, I’ll think about it now.”
Tony gave a soft smile. “Okay, you can take me to lunch.” The blonde smiled wide, leaning in to kiss the omega softly.
“Thor always walks behind us, so we’re protected from behind.” The delta nuzzled Tony to get him to stand. “Come on, I’ll walk with you.”
“Shit.” Tony gripped onto the counter, taking a deep breath to try steady it. He had been having these thoughts all day and was trying his hardest not to have a panic attack.
“It’s tonight... isn’t it?” Sam looked over at Clint and Bucky who were sitting at the island table. The trio had been trying to get the alpha’s attention for some time now but had resorted to teasing comments, but the blonde was too busy texting to notice.
The brunette looked at his ice cream, not wanting to look up at Steve. “Part of the reason I had it was because of us. But this isn’t your fault, Steve.” Tony looked up at the alpha, trying to read his expression. “Y-you kind of know that my previous pack wasn’t great to me, and so when you, this amazing and sweet alpha comes along and shows genuine interest in me, for me, and his pack are just as amazing I guess I kind of got swept away. So to go from one extreme to another kind of messed with me I guess. Pepper thinks it was like a whirlwind kind of thing, getting swept off my feet and just diving headfirst into the deep end. Then the other part of me caught up and I started to fall and then crash.” Tony sighed, taking the alpha’s free hand.
A few minutes passed before the small flap on the door opened, Tony looking out into the hallway at the Baron and a male human scientist standing beside him.
So, when Clint told him that they were going to SHIELD this morning to drop off the mission report, Steve was eager to join them. Yes, seeing Peggy again was nice, they had been friends for a long time and it was good to catch up with her. But Steve was on another mission right now. He was going to try to find that omega.
Tyler looked to Steve for a confirmation. Steve sighed “sure, if Tony is comfortable with you staying then you can.” Tony grinned as Tyler grabbed a chair and sat down. Clint was still glaring at him from across the table as he took sips from his beer.
“Very happy to be with my pack.” Steve’s tail also wagged at the omega’s statement. “With my alpha, as their omega.”
“One Strongbow, one Budweiser and” Tyler looked at Tony who nodded “and a scotch on the rocks please.”
Tony was a social smoker. He had been attending his pack’s parties since he was twelve years old, started smoking and drinking at fourteen before moving onto drugs at sixteen. He had started MIT at fifteen, having friends way older than him who partied loads and got him a fake ID to come out with them too. The omega was constantly surrounded by people that were much older than him and weren’t a good influence. If it wasn’t for Rhodey or Pepper taking care of him, the wolf would have been dead years ago from an overdose or alcohol poisoning. He hadn’t done any drugs since in almost ten years, except two years ago when his father died, but had regretted it immediately afterwards and was thankful he never started again.
Clint nodded a little in understanding. The whole pack knew how busy the scientist could get with projects for SHIELD.
“You know it’s not like that Clint. She’s just a friend.” The alpha wolf sighed, shaking his head. Peggy had been his friend for a long time along with his second in command, Bucky. She helped the alpha and beta move on from their previous pack and, through SHIELD, helped them form a new one.
“SHIELD is sending us out, there’s been a Hydra attack on a small village, a community pack of around 20-30 shifters, just outside of New York. The Directors want all of us, including the twins, to fly out now. We’ll pick you up from the roof of HQ.”
“I believed it was best not to wake him.” Steve’s head turned towards the voice. Loki was standing there, mug in his hand.
They both turned, going to leave the room. Tony sat up fast, throwing two small electric discs at the guards. Both guards passed out from the electric shock, their guns dropping from their grip. Tony smirked at Pietro, standing up before walking over to the guards.
“Want to talk?” Tony asked tentatively. Steve shook his head no. “Want to cuddle?” The omega tried again.
The meal was very good, the group of wolves had chatted a lot, mainly the two deltas and the beta, telling Tony a bit about their pack and past life. Like Bruce, Natasha and Clint worked for SHIELD but were agents. They had been before making a pack, but still ran missions to help shifters across the country. The omega kept his past close to his chest. He gave the odd answers here and there about his pack but managed to avoid ones that pried too deep. The other three wolves seemed to pick up on this and avoided talking about the omega’s past too much, asking more about his plans and projects for SHIELD, which Tony was much happier to talk about.
All Steve could think about is when his pack was attacked, and they were trained in combat, this was a community pack -they had no fighters. These were shifters who owned little shops and bakeries. They weren’t trained to fight.
Hanging up on Clint, Steve sighed, noticing he had a missed call from Bruce. He called the delta back, who picked up immediately.
“Maybe he went for an early break?” Clint suggested, looking around the room. Both wolves were unaffected by the omega’s scent. They knew one had been in the room, but they wouldn’t be affected like an alpha.
Steve continued to feed Tony, making sure the omega ate most things on the tray, as he would need if after his heat. Once Tony was done, he managed to convince Steve to let him come downstairs, assuring the alpha that he was fine. Steve stayed close to Tony as they walked downstairs, the blonde taking the tray into the kitchen as Tony went into the living room.
The alpha helped the omega up and lead him to the bathroom. Tony just shook his head, but he knew that Steve was just being overprotective, making sure that Tony wouldn’t get taken again. His alpha lost his omega, its only natural that he’d be a bit paranoid.
“Please don’t. I don’t want to talk about it anymore, I just felt strong enough to tell you, but I don't want to go there again.” Steve only nodded in reply, pulling Tony against his chest once more, tucking the omega underneath his chin. Tony let out a small laugh. “I was meant to be comforting you.”
Steve had somehow managed to survive the journey home and hadn’t killed anyone. But the night wasn’t over yet and both of his packmates, Clint especially, were still pushing their luck as they sang love songs to the alpha and omega. The alpha eventually got the two agents in the house and upstairs to their beds, telling them to be quiet because of the others in the house. Sam and Bucky were still up, hearing them talk in the kitchen, so he didn’t have to worry about them being woken up. Thor could sleep through a storm passing right through their house, so it was only Bruce and Loki he’d have to apologise to in the morning. Or let them get their revenge by disturbing the two hungover wolves.
Steve grinned, taking Tony’s rum and handing it to Natasha before carrying Tony upstairs. The bots followed them, Tony reaching out to pet them, assuring them that he was okay. Steve reached their room and walked inside, pausing and sniffing, nose scrunching up as he let out a growl.
Fire rolled her eyes, head looking out of the door before running again. Tony followed, looking out of the door and up and down the hallway. His ears twitched, picking up on footsteps approaching. It was now or never for him. The wolf omega ran, hoping to catch up with Fire. They had been led through these halls so many times it was easy to remember the routes and escape points. Tony turned a sharp corner upon hearing some guards yelling from behind him.
“I wasn’t efficient enough for them. Not when they already had trained hunters. We didn’t hunt much as we were a city pack. So, it wasn’t a necessity.”
Tony opened his eyes and sat up in bed, glancing at Steve before looking at the clock on the bedside table. It was 3:21 am and Steve was fast asleep, blonde hair ruffled. Tony smiled down at Steve, running a hand through the golden locks before letting out a sigh and climbing out of bed. Steve hadn’t been harsh with Tony when he got home that evening, he just wished that he had been given a warning about Clint’s present before the archer could try them out. The omega quickly got dressed, careful not to wake Steve up as he looked around for his shoes. Tony gave another look to the sleeping alpha as he slipped on his glasses and left the room.
Natasha’s mouth was moving but Tony wasn’t focusing on her, his eyes were on Steve. The alpha was so stressed, checking the omega over before bringing him in for a hug, keeping the brunette close to his chest.
“Oh no, definitely not.” Bruce stepped inside, pressing the button for the second and hoping that he could distract him once the elevator got to the floor above them. As soon as the doors began to open, Bruce pressed the ones to shut them, much to Tony’s annoyance who then tried to press for the doors to open again and failed.
Steve looked up as there was a thump, seeing a door face down on the ground, Natasha standing in the doorway.
Tony was exhausted, his pack had pushed his limits today, which was very clear that they did it on purpose now. If Tony’s sleep schedule hadn’t been so fucked up he wouldn’t have realised that he had been left until morning… that is if he had survived the night. A sleeping wolf was much easier to kill. He continued, his muscles aching as he walked, his bag weighing down on his back. He was glad Stane and the pack hadn’t taken it, he had some valuables he never left behind with him, along with spare clothes and other necessities. He continued to curse at himself in his head at all the gym classes he skipped in school and the lack of training he continued to have as an adult. Plus, over thirty years of a lot of cheeseburgers and a lack of physical exercise was finally taking its toll.
“Fuck my life.” Tony groaned, pulling the blankets over his head once again. Upon hearing laughter, that wasn’t Bruce’s, the omega lowered the blanket and glanced around the room. Two wolves, a female beta and a male delta, sitting on his bed. “Who the fuck are you?”
“Traitor.” Tony frowned but couldn’t keep it for long, BRIE rubbing against his hand so she could be petted. “Fine.”
Tony didn’t reply, not knowing how he could anyway. For an omega, he was never good with feelings, other shifters, and emotions. He tended to hide away from them all. He wasn’t good with other’s either, he was always uncomfortable when anyone in the Stark pack, especially children, were upset. As an omega, Tony was supposed to be the one to comfort another pack member, to cheer them up and help them with their problems, but he was never like that. He’d rather be tinkering away in his workshop, his own space that his dad made sure he had, listening to rock music at full blast and hiding from anyone until he wanted social interaction.
Tony and Bruce looked at one another before going into the kitchen. Loki and Thor were arguing over the menu at who gets to look at it first, Clint was too busy laughing at them and Sam looked so fed up with the brothers.
Steve finished his shower soon enough and walked over to his chest of draws as the brunette walked into the bathroom once more, blow-drying his hair before styling it the way he wanted.  By the time he was done, Steve was dressed and ready to go. He had put their towels into the clothes hamper and made a mental note to put their things in the wash tomorrow as it was getting pretty full. The blonde held out a hand for Tony, the smaller wolf taking it as the two walked hand-in-hand.
Steve let out a sigh, resting his head on Tony’s shoulder. “I didn’t even know that was possible, but it makes sense. All I want is for you all to be safe.”
“Tony! Bruce!” Clint called, poking his head out from the kitchen door. “We’re having Indian food! Come choose.”
Tony tried to ignore the pack being with him at all times, but it was starting to get on his nerves a little. The next day was a little worse than Steve constantly helping him with little things.
“It won’t.” Tony let out a soft sigh, holding Steve close. The omega was glad that they could actually talk about this instead of arguing. They were getting somewhere and seeing one another’s views.
Tony grinned, moving around to his other desk. “It’s a surprise. I’m hoping to pitch it later. I dropped Coulson an email and I’m just waiting for a reply.” The brunette sorted out a few papers, throwing the ones he didn’t need into the recycling bin.
“Steve, you need to eat.” Nat sighed, crouching beside the alpha who was sitting on the floor by the quinjet, knee brought up to his chest so he could rest his chin on top. He had one of Tony’s shirts in his hand, the black sabbath one, which the blonde held up to his face so he could smell Tony’s scent which was slowly fading. Steve didn’t respond, didn’t even look at the beta as he continued to stare at the floor.
“Uh, yeah, J. Thank you,” Tony said, moving his arms out from behind him, his watch having a gold type hologram above it. “And impeccable timing as usual.”
“I, er, couldn’t choose an outfit… Hey! But now you’re here you can help. Even though you ignored all my distress calls and texts. All I need to do is get dressed, everything else is sorted.” Tony began, dragging Bruce over to his bed where each of the three outfit choices was spread out along the bed. “Which one do you like the best? The girls at useless, they keep arguing or hanging up on me. Except for Tammi, she’s the best.”
“Three times,” Tony smirked, answering all their surprised faces before looking at Anna who was on the other side of Scott.
Tony laid down in front of Steve, his back to the alpha’s chest as one of Steve’s arms wrapped around his waist. Steve nuzzled into the omega’s hair as their legs entwined and let out a short, happy hum to be cuddling Tony, his eyes closing. The two of them remained cuddling in silence for a little while.
Just to let you know, I am in no way defending any type of sexual harassment. Most people who have read fics with shifter's or A/B/O dynamics know that in most cases a heat/rut makes the person unable to think properly. I am not defending Brooke's brother's actions, but his animalistic side was in control there. He will be making another appearance and he isn't a bad person.
“The others will be here soon,” Tony told Rhodey, checking his watch as he walked into the living room. “I was thinking of ordering pizza?”
There was a loud and repetitive banging coming from the door. Tony stumbled to get out of his seat, almost empty bottle of rum still in his hand as he made his way to the door. His vision blurry as he stumbled to the door, but made it there nonetheless. The pack had been gone for so long. Tony knew they would be back soon, but he wasn’t sure exactly when.
“I have nothing to say to you.” Tony didn’t move from his place. Stane was at the far end of the table, a business smile spread across his face.
Tony’s tail wagged as he ran over to it and dug a little to make it deeper. Being small had its advantages. Tony managed to wiggle underneath the tree, shaking off the dirt that caught onto his coat when he got free as Steve ran over to him. The alpha sniffed over the omega, rubbing his muzzle against the brown fur to check the omega over.
“I’m going for a shower and you should probably keep it down, Clint. Tony might be an omega but I’m pretty sure he can pack a punch. He almost took on an alpha last night, so he won’t be scared to do it.” Bruce raised a brow at his fellow delta, “and Natasha will film it and then it will be all over the internet of how an omega beat your butt.”
“Right, yeah. Your pack, I forgot.” Tony’s happy dancing stopped, a frown forming. “You head home, I’ll just go back to my room and annoy JARVIS.”
“Yeah. At least we know who we’re after now so we’re not completely back at the beginning.” Bucky replied.
Tony laughed a little as he left the room, mind temporarily off the fears of having children. He took out his phone so he could order an Uber home, cursing at himself for forgetting his glasses and watch this morning as he was in a rush. The omega made his way out of SHIELD Medical, heading across the carpark and crossing the road. He was away from work, he didn't want to think about anything to do with it at the moment. He went into a small park, just down from HQ, sitting on a bench. The park was quiet, only a man with his dog inside. Most people would be at work or school as it was the middle of the week, and it gave Tony some time to think while he waited for his Uber to take him home. The omega took a deep breath, looking down at the envelope before stuffing it in his pocket. He didn’t want to think about it right now. He would talk about it to Steve later once he was home and after dinner. For now, he had to calm himself down so the alpha wouldn’t suspect a thing. Steve wouldn’t be home right now anyway. He had gone with Sam and Thor to the community centre in Brooklyn. Some talk about shifter and human relations. Tony smiled softly, thinking about his alpha. He loved Steve a lot. The alpha was everything he could ever ask for in a mate. Maybe things would work out just fine for them? But of course, the universe had ways of reminding the omega how cursed he was.
The dark-skinned omega bit her lip nervously, giving a small wave. Her dark brown eyes were just as warm and kind as her mates, though held a lot of shyness too. Brooke sat between Tony and her omega, adjusting her mate’s black ringlet curls that had fallen to cover her eyes.
“Yeah, I just sometimes get nervous around higher-ranking shifters. Omega thing.” Tony shrugged before taking another drag.
“I’ve got it on my Netflix. I know it’s not the extended version but that’s okay right?” Clint looked back to Tony who nodded.
The two wolves walked into the dining room, Tony just behind Steve. Natasha had meant what she said, the table was set, drinks and all. They had a cabinet of spare cutlery and crockery in the room which saved anyone coming back into the kitchen and disturbing the two, which was pointless anyway. Well, maybe not entirely.
“I’m really fucking sorry for making you so upset over this. I don’t think I can control this. I don’t know why I’m being so protective over you, especially at home.”
“Hi, Um Steve.” Tony was smirking at having been able to tease the alpha so easily, causing a light blush to cover the taller male’s cheeks. “I’m Tony.”
Bruce arrived back at home, hanging up Tony’s lab coat once he walked in. Clint and Natasha had been waiting for their fellow packmate on the stairs and made their way over to him, looking over at it.
The wolf’s head snapped up, growling as three more agents came running towards them, causing the archer to roll his eyes. Sam ran towards them, taking one of them out while Clint took the other two out with an arrow to the head each, smirking.
Steve carried the picnic basket in one hand, Tony’s in the other as they walked up through the woods. Steve had suggested a picnic date out in the woods, where they were before, and while Tony thought it was incredibly cheesy, he didn’t say no to the alpha’s idea.
“Of course. Of fucking course, it was you.” Tony growled, turning to the glass where none other than Brock Rumlow was standing.
“But I do worry. I can’t help it.” Steve said, he seemed hesitant, like he was going to say something else but didn’t. Tony leant up to kiss the alpha softly, smiling as he pulled back. “What are you working on?”
The alpha checked in a few more rooms looking for any clues to try and find the omega. Nothing. Steve walked into the last room, and unlike the other rooms, it had a table inside, with a few items sitting on top.
“You know that might be why he’s more possessive than usual. It's not just you. You’re carrying his children, Tony. He’s extra possessive that nothing happens to any of you. His hormones have probably been affected too. There was a report on the impact on pack hormones on having pup’s in a pack a few years ago which I found interesting. In most cases, it’s not only the pregnant shifter that goes through a hormone change but every single member of the pack. I think the statistic was 96% of alphas tested have a hormone change along with their pregnant significant other and an average of 61% of other pack members.”
The blonde stumbled back, pulling on Tony before letting go of his wrist and letting the omega fall to the floor. He was between the two wolves, both growling at one another as he looked up at them. Taking a shaky breath, the omega crawled away from them unnoticed just as another beta, a brunette male, joined the alpha’s side, squaring up to Clint. Natasha was soon at the delta’s side, glaring down at the other two with “The Stare” that could make anyone, shifter or not, wet themselves. But neither of them stepped down. The alpha lunged at Clint, who stumbled back. The delta was still quite drunk but had managed to avoid being punched in the face. Nat had taken on the male beta who looked like he was going to go for Clint whilst he was focusing on the alpha. This was all going downhill very quickly.
“Well, I’m currently working on a project for SHIELD that allows the heart to slow down to one beat per minute. I think I’m pretty sure that I’m close to cracking it.” Bruce explained, putting his mug down on the table.
The blonde female alpha from earlier had made her way over to Tony, crouching down and looking him over, her eyes apologetic. “I am so sorry, I don’t know why he’s acting this way. Are you okay? I’m going to speak to him, I promise… I’m Brooke by the way.”
“Hey, Bruce. I’m still not feeling great so I’m just going to head on home. I’ll get an Uber or something.” Tony forced a small smile. “Can you watch DIEGO for me?”
“Hulk.” Steve stepped forward, in front of Tony, protecting him just in case. Tony lowered himself to the ground. “This is Tony. He is our omega.”
Tony sniffed, taking in the scent of an alpha as he looked up at the male. He had jet black hair and dark brown eyes that were hazy from alcohol, a predatory grin spread across his face.
“So there were a couple-” Rhodey gave Tony a look. “Some.” Another. “Okay, a lot of times where I would make regrettable decisions.”
"Were all the shifter DNA you took before pure?" The brunette asked. The scientist gave him a confused look, causing Tony to roll his eyes. "Were both parents shifters?"
“I know you will.” The bald man grinned. “7 pm you will be escorted to dinner. I look forward to speaking with you properly.”
“Is your ass jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?” Steve made a very poor attempt in trying to hide his laughter, Brock’s jaw-dropping slightly. He had clearly never been stood up to before, at least not by an omega. “How dare you come in here and demand me to do things. How dare you speak down to me like scum. You didn’t ask nicely. You didn’t even address me by my name. Maybe if you weren’t such a dick, I would have been happy to comply. Now, get out.”
Tony laughed at them, shaking off near Thor before walking up with him to join the others. The omega went around to Steve and nuzzled up against him before sitting down beside him. After eating, Tony was happy to lie with Steve for a bit and dry off as the sun began to set.
The three of them walked inside, everyone else was drunk, or at least halfway there. There was a mix of humans and shifters. Tyler led them through the crowd, walking into the kitchen where there was a range of alcoholic beverages littered across the countertops. Tony had brought his own, a bottle of rum, but it probably wouldn’t last the night. Rhodey and Tyler both went for a can of beer, Tony opening his bottle and taking a swig.
“I’ll tell you the story,” Rhodey replied, Tony, letting out a groan and banging his head on the table. “When we were younger, Tones, Pep and I would play games. Tony was nine at the time, Pepper was six and I was eleven. We were playing hide and seek in Stark Industries; our packs were having a meeting and we were bored. We had to stay on the wing we were in, no leaving it or going onto other floors but there was still loads of places to hide. I was the seeker this time around and I had already found Pepper in a storage closet. So, I continued to look for Tony and I couldn’t find him anywhere, unknown to me that he was in the toilets that I had already checked once.” Rhodey looked over at the male omega who had the napkin over his head to hide.
Tony continued to work on his guidance system for SHIELDS helicarriers. Their current one was, well shit, as the omega had put it and so he was making a far better one for them. Tony still paid attention to Steve in the background, just in case the alpha needed him for anything. But the blonde seemed just fine, welcoming Rumlow into his home and offering to get him a beverage.
“Why don’t you come and join us at the table?” Steve asked, looking down at Tony before looking at the two other alphas. Tony nodded in reply, sliding off the barstool and taking Steve’s hand. Steve held the omega’s drink for him and lead the three wolves over to his pack.
“I doubt it. I was born this way. And not all male omegas are able to carry children. Some male deltas are too, but it’s even fewer than omegas.”
“Pepper? Oh my god, Pepper!” Tony ran down the hall to the ginger-haired omega, completely forgetting about the other female. But this was more important. Pepper was his lifelong friend and he hadn’t seen her in two years. “What are you doing here?” He leant in and hugged her. The two were never really overly affectionate with one another, which was uncommon for omegas. They had more like a teasing brother-sister relationship. Pepper could take Tony’s shit and give it back just as much. But the pair hadn’t seen one another in so long, a hug just felt right.
“You’re impossible, you know that?” There wasn’t a way the delta could get out of this without having a whining Tony as a result. So, it was best that he just went with it.
“It is a day for celebration!” Thor grinned, picking up Bucky with ease, and moving the beta out of his way so he could get to the cake. “Tony must cut the cake so we can eat it.”
“I’ve come to negotiate, Tony.” Stane looked up at the omega, holding out the glass of scotch. “Come on, it’s your favourite.”
“Yet you insist on coming here frequently just to talk. There is this thing called texting you know.”
Hearing the door open, Tony briefly glanced up to see Brock Rumlow enter the living room. From first glance, something felt off about the alpha, but he ignored him, going back to looking at the tablet screen. Steve walked into the room soon after, through the connecting doors from the kitchen, causing Tony to look up at him.
Tony had managed to help the twins hold their shifted forms, although it took a lot of effort and it hurt him to watch them in pain for their first couple of shifts as their bodies adjusted. But they needed to learn to escape. They were getting out of their prison and the day had finally come.
Bucky gave Sam the finger before smiling at Tony who was looking at the pair amused. “Come on, we’ll give you a short tour.”
Fur colour: Brownish (summer), Greyish (winter) with dark black rosettes and spots covering his head, back, legs and tail and a white underbelly
“My parents died when I was younger too,” Steve replied, hoping to let the delta pup know he wasn’t alone. “But I have the best pack. They’re my family.”
The two alphas went about creating a strategy as the omega stared down at the tablet. He did try his best to get something done, to finish off the guidance system for SHIELD, but he just couldn’t focus. Tony didn’t have his loud music. He wasn’t in his workshop. He couldn’t speak over Steve just to talk to JARVIS. He couldn’t focus. Even the bots were busy. DIEGO was with Bruce at SHIELD, TIA and WIM were down in the basement with Bucky and Natasha, BRIE was cleaning in the library with Loki and he was pretty sure Thor had Steve Jr. So instead he decided to play some bubble shooting game Clint had installed and if anyone asked, he was being productive. After going through nearly fifty levels, Brock spoke up.
“Hey, that’s Steve’s line.” Bucky laughed, smirking at the alpha, causing the rest of them to laugh, including Clint.
Tony smirked, keeping low to the ground as he watched the alpha, thankful the grass was able to hide him. The blonde had yet to spot him, and the rustling noise coming from behind Steve would be sure to make him think that Tony was behind him, when the omega was, in fact, in front. The wind was working in his favour, the alpha had yet to catch his scent.
"I think you and I both know the reason why?" Tony told him. He didn't want to get involved in Bruce's love life but Superman was really getting on his nerves. Especially with the whole thinking Bruce had told him about
"I think he will say the same thing your Captain is thinking." Bruce told him, he walked with Tony to the bathroom and put him next to the toilet where Tony puke all he had in his stomach which was practically nothing. Bruce took out his jacket hung it up and rolled up his sleeves. He turned on the water and once he heard Tony was done puking to his heart's content he hauled him up and pushed him under the spray.
"Thank-you JARVIS." Darcy said. "See there you go Mr. Wayne is making sure Tony doesn't go back to his lab."
"I love you too, but it's not the same kind of love anymore." He tells her and touches her cheek. There's a tear there and he cleans it.
"Since when does Bats do personal matters?" Hal asked. Superman didn't say anything he just got up and followed Bruce.
"Of course not." He tells him. "We are the boy scouts according to you and Tony we were just exchanging ideas."
"Here I thought you were the World's Greatest Detective." Clark told him. Bruce looked at him and everything really began to click.
“We’re going to the Doctor,” Steve told him. “Let’s bring him to the infirmary in Avengers Tower,” Steve said.
"Feeling is not exactly mutual Lexi." Tony told him and didn't shake his hand. Luthor just glared at him but Tony didn't really care.
"Let's get him out of his lab." Bruce said. They arrived in the labs floor and once they opened he walked out to see a blond man hitting the door and another main all rumple with curly hair standing by his side.
Eight years past and Tony is building Stark Industries to the best in the world. He knows that Bruce was pronounced dead but he doesn't believe it. When he hears from the media that Bruce Wayne is alive and well, Tony is pissed and he calls Bruce to his home.
"Clark." Steve said and inside the room, with Tony and Bruce, who were currently smooching the bakers.
“I was getting to it,” Phil told her annoyed that she was incredibly blunt in telling them. It surprised him, as this was not something she normally did.
The big day was coming and Alfred made it a rule that the two couples could not see each other before the wedding. They didn't understand the reason, why since it really wouldn't make a difference. Bruce had been on lock down about going on patrol, so two days before he had made sure that his entire major Rogue's Gallery was in Arkham.
"Tony." And Bruce noticed the affection there but he didn't comment on it. Steve looked back at the man. "Mr…"
"The car arrived!" Darcy screamed Steve went to sit down just like the rest looking at the screen. Both Tony and Bruce had smiles on their faces for the reporters. They kept moving away from questions. Steve noticed that the smiles were forced in both sides. He knew that Tony wore a mask for the public he didn't know or think Bruce Wayne did as well.
"Ha-ha well I have to go or Perry will have my head." Clark told him and bent down to kiss Bruce. Bruce kissed him back and Clark left with a smile on his face. Bruce smiled and he looked up to see Alfred.
"Sorry." He said and ran after that. Batman continued to type. He finished his work and got up to go back to Gotham and go on patrol for a while. He got to the zeta-tubes and Superman was standing there and he had a bad look on his face. Batman just went to get his coordinates ignoring the Boy Scout.
"I don't think, you're the only one." Steve says pointing to Hulk who kept playing with the Hydra Bots, like they were nothing.
On Sunday morning Steve woke up early and went to exercise and when he came back he went to shower, and changed. As he changed he put the ring box he had gotten used to carrying in his pocket.
Clark notice that Bruce was gone and he went to the zeta-tubes to see him gone. He arrived just in time. Bruce looked at Clark.
"Shut-up." Steve told him and gave him another kiss. "I don't like him; he gave you to drink after he came to get you." Steve told him. Tony snorted on his shoulder.
Steve still couldn't believe the place after Alfred had showed Tony and him to their room, which really it seemed to be Tony's room in the Manor which showed how much he didn't know of his boyfriend. They had settled down and Steve pushed Tony to take a nap for a while since Mr. Wayne wouldn't be back for a while.
"Come on, Sweetie." Ma Kent told Bruce before he gave her his elbow so she could grab on to it. "Oh your sweet, you know you don't have to win me over still making Clark happy is all I need."
Two years later the Avengers Assemble and this time it is Bruce laughing his ass off. Afterwards he calls Tony on his cell.
“Mr. Wayne!!” he kept hearing. Bruce was all the way to the top and saw the little ball in the platform.
"Now we need to dance into the moonlight." Tony said and Bruce chuckled and it was a real one. "We have to have another party but this time in Avengers Tower."
"I'm serious Bats I'm gonna puke on your ass and what will the Man of Steel say." Bruce rolled his eyes again.
Later that night Bruce knew that he needed to go to the Circus and part of him was interested to go. He got out of the car and he moved toward the Circus knowing that he was intending on having fun, he knew that Clark would think this was interesting.
On the other side-really it was Wayne Enterprises- a brave man was putting his life on the line at the moment-he really was since the man he was trying to convince was sending him death-glares.
Everyone was looking up, but he was just looking at the boy and he was frozen on the spot. People seemed to be moving around and Bruce could only look at the child. The audience was moving around and pushing around him trying to get out and it wasn’t until Bruce noticed the flashing lights of the police and the ambulance coming through.
"Really. I think you're just as sexy in snack-size. In fact, can't lie, since you still have your strength, I have some… ideas we could explore."
“Hey! It’s my birthday - it’s been my birthday for three hours now - and I make the rules. Get talking, hot stuff.”
Steve couldn’t help laughing too. “We’re not going to die, I can get us out.” But when he tried to brace his hand on the floor to push up, the tension of the sheet caught and he slipped, landing fully on Tony and rubbing their naked bodies together.
And yet… they’d agreed to this trip. A week on Tony’s private island in the Caribbean, just them, no team, no disasters, no judging eyes. Tony figured it was the easiest and safest way for them all to figure out what was happening between them and what they wanted to share with the others when they got back.
Tall, blond, and broad-shouldered, the man - Captain Rogers, he hoped - was dressed in his dress blues, the buttons shiny and the creases razor straight. He had a kind smile that tweaked up one side of his mouth higher than the others, and a hesitancy that made Tony breathe out a relieved breath.
Tony waited, exposed, for the killing blow, but it didn’t come. "Steve…” Tony swallowed ash and dust. “Let’s end this quickly.”
The back of Steve’s neck prickled with heat, and he resisted the urge to look down and check. He couldn’t resist for long, however; when he reached for his glass, his eyes flicked down without his permission. He was wearing red silk. Tony’s back was to him, halfway across the banquet hall, but Steve had no doubt he’d be in blue. Hopefully, people would take the mismatch with his pocket square as a fashion statement instead of reading into it what Greg had.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
"Okay, I'll leave you to it." Tony says because he needs to get out of there. He can't see her pack her things, he can't see the failure he had done.
"No…m-m-mutual." Tony sputtered out. But Bruce understood the problem Tony and he didn't o relationship because they didn't know how to have them, this relationship with Pepper had been solid.
Clark and Steve sat in-front of each other in one of the dinners that was actually peaceful. Now they would be with their respective partners but both of them were buried in paperwork and nothing would get them out. So they decided in going out for some apple pie. It was something they had done since they met, Tony had not been wrong in saying that two of the biggest Boy Scout's had become best friends, not like with their partners. But both of them had to admit that it was nice to rant about their boyfriend to someone that actually knew what they were talking about.
"Yeah." Steve told him. They were both wearing dark suits, but Tony had a black suit with a gold tie. Steve had a dark suit and blue tie to him.
The Avengers Team was currently in battle trying to take down some of the Hydra Agents, they had taken New York hostage like always taken down some of the buildings in Queens.
"Congratulations my friends." Thor said to Steve and Tony who looked at him, just as he came to them and gave them a hug.
"Come on out, Tony I'm going to break the door down if you don't come out by the end of today." Steve warned him.
"You have a Gala tonight." Alfred told him. As Bruce was ready to go to the zeta-tubes he gave Alfred a look. "Very well, I'll send your apologies."
“Oh, you are still so sappy.” Darcy smiled before walking away to her own date. Steve smiled and continued to look through the letters. Trying to keep his mind of certain things, of certain changes.
"Fine." Bruce said sitting up just for Alfred to put his breakfast there. He ate his breakfast and was thanking to the coffee gods for the black coffee that Alfred gave him. He looks at the newspaper and smiles as he sees the upcoming news Wayne Enterprises and Stark Industries were going to be working in something new for the medical field and it would change the world.
"Ah Master Steve, Master Tony informed me you would come here first." Alfred told him and Steve blushed in embarrassment. "There is no need to be embarrassed sir, Tony did it with most care."
"I…I can hold him." Steve said looking at Tony's head that was swinging behind Bruce's back. Tony squinted at him and gave him a drunken smile.
Steve had tried to get the hang of Gotham. It was mich darker than New York. But even in the daylight Gotham seemed to have shadows around its place. But he had known that the place had a certain charm. He had his sketch book in his bag so he didn't have it.
"Oh no, we made sure to that both Metropolis and New York are taken care of." Clint told them before they gave them any excuse.
Batman walked to the meeting room so the original members could discuss what had been going on their respective cities the past month, it was a monthly thing for them. It was also to talk about any plans the bad guys could be planning in the big run that they needed to look into, new things for the Watchtower. It was a place Bruce could get information on the members without actually being 'super-creepy' like Flash tended to say behind his back.
"I liked you a lot for a while but I didn't think you would like me I was driving Ba…Bruce crazy with calling him asking for advice which I don't do." Tony whined. Steve blushed even redder at that.
"You shouldn't ask obvious questions." Bruce told him. He didn't see that Clark smiled at that. Clark looked at the monitor and noticed the place Bruce was going to look for.
"No it wasn't, I can tell when you lie." Tony told him and it was true, mostly it was because Steve couldn't really lie unless it was really important like for an op but for other things he really couldn't lie.
Steve got their breakfast ready and he got it on a small breakfast table before he walked to their bedroom and opened the door.
“There is something there.” Steve told him. Tony looked at the building and turned on his sensors and he saw the heat signal.
Outside Bruce was thinking, JARVIS wouldn't have called him with that code if it hadn't been important. It meant something was wrong with Tony and Bruce knew if that was the case it meant Tony was either not sleeping or drinking himself to oblivion and blocked everyone out, if he had to guess it had to be going for four or five days the most. It had happened once before and it was not something pretty. He had to be thankful that he made his presence known in New York so the public knew Bruce Wayne in New York City, so his presence wouldn't be questioned.
"Indeed I would like to return to me Lady Jane soon." Thor tells them taking down some of the Hydra like nothing.
"Fine." Tony huff's out and Alfred puts a coffee cup there and Tony grabs it, before he puts another one and Bruce comes to get it.
Bruce was looking at the family as they were moving around the air and he was shocked and awed. He who had been around the world and planets could see this it calmed him a bit.
"I don't know actually, I bought it and I asked Alfred you know for permission though I did tell him not to tell Bruce."
"Don't even try to make him drop the Master when he is addressing you, it took me years for him to stop calling me Anthony." Tony told him.
"I'm fine." Batman tells him. Superman puts a hand on his shoulder which tells people Clark is the only brave one to actually touch the Bat.
“I believe he needs to tell you,” Alfred said. He left Clark standing there and he began to get more worried. At that moment he heard laughter it was a young boy, he began to walk until he got to the main room and still heard the laughter, and he looked up and saw a little boy on the chandelier.
Bruce was happy to get out of the board meeting. He was done with the charity work though he did enjoy it. He was getting ready to go up to the Watchtower for monitor duty. After that he would come back to the Batcave for patrol.
"Oh." Steve said, yeah he still didn't like Bruce Wayne but understood that it was business well he hoped.
“I’m not a pediatrician doctor,” Bruce informed the but he understood they were trusting him. “It’s going to be a fast check-up.”
"I called Master Bruce; I knew he was the only one to get into the lab the only code that had not being disabled." JARVIS answered.
In the funeral Tony sees how direly similar it is to Bruce's parent's funeral with fake smiles and people keep saying 'Sorry, for your loss.' It gets really annoying. Obadiah Stane like the man that ran Wayne Enterprises is standing behind him.
"Just tell us Darcy." Clint told her. Darcy smiled at them and Dr. Banner went to her side and okay he was a little bit jealous at the way his girlfriend got excited.
"I now pronounced husband and now you may kiss." The judge told them. The two couples kissed and everyone cheered and some dabbed their tears away.
"He does indeed Miss, Master Bruce please take the elevator I'll take you to Master Tony." JARVIS said. Bruce sent a wink to the receptionist who giggled as he got into the elevator. Once in he got serious again.
Clark got off the ground and left the Bat-cave. He wasn't mad, he wanted Bruce's secret to be safe and he told Stark. No it seemed that Stark knew and Bruce actually considered the self-proclaimed genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist a friend when it took him year to even acknowledge they were friends. But it was fine with him if Bruce wanted his biggest secret spilled.
"Bruce Wayne, ah excuse me." he said and moved to the key-board. Steve and Dr. Banner looked at him.
"Yup, Cat says she thinks its Bruce Wayne, I think it's one of his teammates." Lois tells him. "But I don't know if Stark is ready to change his playboy ways, Christine Everhart dislikes the man."
"Complaining about Tony and I?" Bruce said to anyone it would sound like an annoyed sound but to Superman it sounded mischievous.
"Tony, we have Avengers duties we must fulfilled." Steve said. He knew there was a reason he didn't trust Mr. Wayne he wanted to take Tony away from them.
"Yes, I believe he is reading a novel." JARVIS said but they didn't know it was a lie. They didn't know that Bruce and Tony were currently sleeping together in a dreamless slumber which was something that to both of them rarely happened.
"That man has a stick up his ass." Tony told him. He was still annoyed at being reminded about his father.
"The drink it was apple sider, Bruce is a bigger sourpuss than you and he would slap my hand away from any alcohol I could get my hands on it's a creepy thing." Tony said.
"Send a call to Stark now, he probably already got out of the hospital." Bruce says. Alfred nods and goes to the computer to make the call. Batman took down the cowl to turn into Bruce and Tony's face appeared in the screen.
“You know, we already opened the doors for him, it would be easier if we opened the doors completely to him,”
“Now Ladies and Gentlemen, to the Greatest of our show the deadliest of the action.” Harley said. He kept going and Bruce looked up to see that there wasn’t a net.
"So you don't mind if I do this." Clark said and before Bruce could ask what Clark was talking about, the chair was turned and he was being pulled before lips crashed with his own. Bruce's eyes went wide before he closed them and held Clark toward him.
"Of course not Tony, I love you." Steve said and kissed him, Tony pulled him closer. "Let's see if this fits."
“Yes, Richard likes high places,” Bruce says with a smile. “Richard, this is my husband Clark,” Bruce says. Clarks looked at the little boy who is looking at him through his fingers.
"The regular, Cassie." Steve said with a smile to the woman. They had been in here to many times that the owners just knew them. Cassie came and left them their hot chocolate's because it was just calming and they didn't have to worry. They both drank in silence and looked out for New York and trouble in general.
"Please like if your stalking tendencies didn't already tell you what happen." Tony tells him. It is really not surprising and not the first time they call each other when things like this happens.
On the other side of the Manor Bruce and Clark were getting ready. Clark was really nervous. He fixed his suit, which was a little loose like he liked them. It was a dark gray with a baby blue tie. Bruce came out and looked at Clark.
Outside the other Avengers were waiting for them. Bruce had already Hulked down and was waiting for them.
"Indeed Master Bruce had it rebuilt to its former glory."Alfred told him, with extra features but they didn't need to know that.
"Personal matters." Batman said and he walked out of the meeting room leaving half of the League in shock.
"So, how long have you liked me?" he asked. Steve blushed and Tony just had to kiss him, the man was adorable.
Steve was really angry and he knew that he shouldn't be because it was something he should be used to by now. They were in the infirmary with Tony in the hospital bed.
"Hello Tony." Bruce says. Tony hears it there something there something dark in Bruce's voice that he notices. "How you been?"
"Very well." Bruce told him and saw that he saw that Steve still had his shoulders tensed. "What do feel for Tony?"
"I've known you for a long time Bruce I think I know what I am getting myself into." Clark told him and kissed him again.
"I know, but your hurt and I don't want to hurt yourself any more than you already are." Steve told him honestly and Tony looked at him and sighed.
"We've practically been living together for almost two years, this will make it official." Clark said. "Bruce."
"Well take it this way you won't be the only one getting the 'shovel talk' someone else is getting it too." Tony told him. Tony was really waiting for this one too, since he had been the one to talk some sense into the Man of Steel.
"How is Lane taking to you staying here?" Bruce asked and Alfred knew that it was his Master's possessive side coming out at the moment.
Steve was going through the mail, it was one of the few things that everything left to him. The excuse that he was old enough to understand. It was mainly fan mail, which he had to pass a sensor to it to see that nothing was too dangerous. They had gotten a bomb once, of course, it was taken care of, but it ended with him or Thor looking to the mail.
“Oh, my Rao!” He said. The little boy stopped and looked at him in shock and he let go falling from the chandelier. Clark reacted automatically and went to catch him., he was suddenly assaulted by a crying little boy.
"I know I trust you." Tony tells him. And Steve smiles without letting Tony see him because it's a trust he really treasures.
It takes two years before Bruce or Batman is tag-teaming with Superman and Tony is laughing his ass off at the way and how uncomfortable Bruce is with the alien. Since they had been caught in television for that particular thing. He called Bruce after it.
The party went on for hours and everyone was having fun, both sets of grooms were spinning around and being a bit clumsy for show. When it was time for them to leave everyone was cheering and throwing winks at them.
“I saw him during the performance, I didn’t know why no one knew he was up there,” Bruce told him covering the boy with his coat.
Steve was hitting the bag and he knows that it wasn't good but he was worried. He was worried about the trip to Gotham sure Tony was paying attention to him now and he liked him but what would happen when they got to Gotham and Bruce Wayne was there. He knew Tony better; heck the man had access to Tony's lab. What if he lost Tony to Gotham to Bruce Wayne?
“Alright, what happened?” Clark asked. “Because unless we had a child in the two months I was gone,”
In New York, mainly in SHIELD's infirmary everyone is checking on Tony and they had to change his reactor. Steve was the one to do it because Pepper wasn't there and Tony had taught Steve how the last time something like this happened. Pepper was flying already in after they called her.
Bruce arrived on his New York pent house and got out of his costume putting it in its secret place on the wall of the underground basement before he went up the elevator to his room so he could shower and change and he could get to the Avengers Tower. Well this was not the way he wanted to meet that group but he didn't have a choice in the matter now.
In the morning Bruce was the first one to wake up, the night before they had prepared Tony's bag so he could come with him to Gotham. Miss Lewis had come to the room and given him the clothes he ordered to be brought to Avenger's Tower so he wouldn't be wearing the same clothes from yesterday. Bruce takes a shower and gets in his clothes ready.
"Of course not Tony can take care of himself." Bruce tells him. Alfred gives that subtle smirk which Bruce knows is the one that tells him Alfred doesn't believe a word he said. Bruce ends up getting showered and dress for his day and he knows he is going to end up seeing the Boy-Scout today. But his thoughts are on Tony for a reason.
"I think Loki will try to take this building for himself since his name starts with an L." Tony told Pepper, who just shook her head.
"Oh, he just got this mischievous smile and told me that it was finally time." Clark says with a chuckle.
“It seems that he was saved from much damage, but he did get some of the smoke in his lungs so, I would suggest taking him to the hospital to help with that,” Bruce told him.
"The library." Alfred said. "I'll be sure to inform you when Master Tony is no longer busy." Alfred told him.
"Need I remind you Master Bruce that Master Tony and Master Steve will be coming today?" Alfred told him.
"Fine, fine no need to be pushy." Tony said. Steve just smirked at that. The man was too stubborn for his own good. They both walked into the kitchen and Steve served Tony his cup of coffee and Tony grabbed it with reverence.
Clark was picked up from his job in a limo which caused him to blush a bit and when he got inside Alfred was there.
Morning came in New York and most importantly in the Avengers Tower- it was named right after the Battle of New York-once Tony fixed it and everyone began to move in it happened exactly a two years ago. All of the Avengers were up and getting ready to eat breakfast.
"Morning." everyone answered in the kitchen. Thor went and grabbed the Pop-tarts that Steve had put in the toaster because Thor had broken five of them; Steve only broke two before he learned how to work it right. Darcy and Jane are right behind him they had moved in surely after the New York incident and the reason Thor was back. Jane went to get some Pop-Tarts and Darcy danced her way before pecking Bruce in the cheek, Dr. Banner blushed. No one knew how it had happened but it kept both Dr. Banner and Hulk really calm it was eerie.
The people invited to the party were in shock at seeing all the decorations on how different and how great and perfect it looked. The two couples moved around saying hello to their guest.
"I have to find him, Clark." Batman told him. Clark put a hand to his shoulder and looked at Bruce straight in the eyes.
"Wait a minute Stevie, I want you to meet Bruce's boyfriend, Clark Kent, Clark Kent you know Captain Steve Rogers." Tony said. Steve got up and shook Clark's hand that seemed too strong a grip for someone like him.
The moment Tony figured out that Bruce was Batman, he did the only thing he could do and got on one of his planes scaring Pepper to go to Gotham City. When he arrives, the mansion is in ruins and he walks up to Bruce after Rachel left.
"Oh no, you both don't." Pepper said coming with Alfred. "Now in how many months are you planning for the wedding?" she asked.
“Yes, it isn’t right Bruce and I know from you that it's terrible if he doesn’t get justice,” Clark told him.
"She is still mad at me that I didn't tell her I as dating you." Clark told him. Alfred had to hold in his laughter which was rare. He remembered very vividly why the world knew that Clark and Bruce were dating. They had been spotted on the Daily Planet in the elevator because Bruce had kissed Clark there and acted innocently when the door had opened and everyone saw.
"Okay then." Clark says and leaves Bruce alone. He pays attention to the screen and looks at the fight. He knows of Dc. Doom and sees the Avengers take care of it. Then he sees the bomb and Tony take the recoil from the explosion. Bruce grabs his seat with one hand when he sees that the reactor is not blinking much. He wants to call but knows he can't or they will find his secret. Knowing Stark he would be out of the hospital in two or three hours depending on how much security Pepper puts him so he doesn't escape.
“Alright, Thor, Black Widow; lets go.” Steve said moving to the destroyed buildings. It was one of the few things that he hated, and he walked to look at the buildings.
Thanks for the prompt anon! I couldn’t help but do this one for Easter. I got a bit cheeky with it; I hope you don’t mind :P
Steve’s cheeks lit up like a fireworks display, the flush cascading down his neck and into his collar, and Tony knew he had him. He rolled his hips again, rubbing his skin against the gap where Steve’s sleeve had pushed away from his glove. “Since you asked so nicely,” Steve muttered, dropping down to suck Tony down his throat again. He lifted his hand and wiggled his fingers, and Tony stretched up to pull a lube bottle at random from the drawer. He handed it down, and Steve drizzled it over his fingers without pausing his thoroughly devastating blowjob.
Tony read the coordinates on the certificate then looked up in the night sky, trying to find them. Steve crouched down a bit and twisted around to sight along his arm. “FRIDAY helped me find it earlier,” he whispered, right in Tony’s ear. “That one - those. It’s two. But from here, they look like one glow.”
The only reason Steve had heard it at all was that the door had been left open, but even then, it had only been the barest taste that he’d caught before. Now that he was here at the source, he could hear the complexity of the melody, the way the notes danced and teased each other, pulling together then springing apart again.
Tony couldn’t even taste the booze anymore. It just rolled through him, a direct line to his liver, keeping him pickled enough that he couldn’t taste the sourness of his jealousy. He’d been out there looking for him, in the ice. He’d funded expedition after expedition. He’d contributed to the museum exhibits, even set up a scholarship in Barnes’ name.
He could see Steve and Bucky up on the beach. Bucky was sprawled out on a lounge chair, fitted swim trunks hugging his thick thighs, bare chest glistening with sweat. Steve - his beautiful ass on perfect display as he bent over - was delivering a piña colada to his boyfriend.
Tony had given up on ever meeting his soulmate. It was probably around his fortieth birthday when he realized it wasn’t going to happen. Sure, some people found their soulmates in their eighties or even nineties, but Tony had been banking on something a little sooner. He wanted a family.
The challenge is to write a fic that uses three of the top ten tags for stony+uni. I picked Ults and I had to laugh that Internalized Homophobia was on the list hahaha. I love Ults <3
Sleep didn’t always come. Sometimes ice water rushed into Steve’s lungs when he closed his eyes and he gasped awake again. On those nights, he wrapped a blanket around his shoulders and shuffled down to the shared kitchen to drink tea and look at the debris scattered around the room that reminded him he had a family now.
“Yes!” he said, too brightly, too loud. “Just fine. Ha ha. What a silly misunderstanding. Of course, I have a coffee grinder, I have like seven, and even if I didn’t, I’d build one, happily, just to grind your beans, oh god, I can’t believe I said that, please excuse me while I exit stage left, pursued by bear and my own mortification.” Tony turned on his heel and made a beeline for the door, but Steve, being a super soldier, caught his sleeve before he made it to the hall.
Steve opened his mouth then closed it. Opened it again. “You really think you can beat me?” He crossed his arms, flexing his biceps, and smiled when Tony traced their twin bulges with his eyes.
"Cap!" Tony shouted, as he launched himself across the asphalt. Steve was consumed by a flash of green smoke. "Steve!" Tony fired the repulsors up to full power.
“Wow.” Steve straightened up, feeling the joints and gears of the armour whirr and lock around him. His vision was a huge screen - though it only looked like two tiny slits from the outside - that wrapped almost all the way around his peripheral vision. Overlaid over his view of the workshop was a staggering amount of information: charts, labels, settings, vitals. He flicked his eyes over the screen, trying to take it all in. “Do you see this much information all the time?”
“Drama queen,” Nat chastised, but he heard her get up and start rustling around. As far as safehouses went, someone else’s ill-used, ramshackle cabin in the woods inspired neither comfort nor an overwhelming feeling of safety, but it had four (ish) walls and one of the butane cans for the tiny cooker was still full so they wouldn’t have to eat the canned corn and black beans cold out of the can.
The man who belonged to the butt bent low as the volleyball cut through the air towards him and he stepped forward - flexing every glute in the tristate area - to smack it back up in a perfect set to his teammate. Tony watched the arch of the ball then cut his gaze back to find that bountiful ass, currently being chewed on by a puppy.
Steve shook his head. Tony’s hand landed on his shoulder and squeezed a little. He shifted closer so Jan and Clint wouldn’t be able to hear them.
Tony kissed back until Steve managed to relax his hold and Tony put a few inches between them, concerned eyes scanning Steve’s face. “What happened?”
They did dance, though, when the songs were upbeat and they could go out as a group. And Tony stuck close to Steve’s side, smiling up at him whenever their eyes met. It wasn’t long before they were sweating and laughing, stumbling back to their table when the band took a break.
Tony blinked at him, a fry stuck halfway to his mouth. “Was I not clear? I like your art. I’ve been trying to catch you for weeks, now, but no one would tell me who you are.”
When the show ended,  Tony and Steve dipped their heads close together, sharing their excited reviews, and the very bad man stomped off, tripping an usher on his way out.
But Avengers Tower was his home, and he had a responsibility to be available to people in need, so he couldn’t hide forever. He and Tony had barely spoken two words to each other after… after. But the team relied on them, and they had to know they would still work well in the field together.
Steve’s heart was beating so loudly, he thought it might rival the drum kit in the corner. He turned to where Tony sat frozen, hands hovering over the keys, eyes squeezed closed. Steve leaned over and pressed his lips to Tony’s shoulder, taking the time to breathe him in, to revel in his closeness and warmth. He rested his forehead against the same spot with a soft sigh, and he felt Tony let out a stuttery breath beside him.
“-ck,” he finishes, in 1941. His stomach lurches as if his lunch was teleported two inches to the left of everything else of his, and then he looks down and realizes something else is missing entirely. Apparently, the Time Bomb doesn’t do fabrics.
Steve set Anthony down in the middle of it and he immediately broke into furious giggles then tipped backwards into the pillow pile, little feet kicking.
“Do you… um. Do you need something to wear? I live like two blocks over and I have some stuff there that might fit ya.”
“You saved me,” Tony whispered, holding Steve close. And he kissed him, so full of love it almost hurt. Steve kissed him back, and he was never going to let Tony go.
Tony snorts. “I look like a puzzle put together wrong, but thanks.” He smooths out the sweater that manages to hang down over his thighs but barely passes his elbows. “How’s your nose? You should ice that.”
There were groans and grumbles from the pair. “You two were all sprawled out when I came upstairs and I didn’t want to wake you,” Bucky muttered, not extracting himself from Tony’s hold.
he gestured between them "- isn't happening. I meant - uh - huh? What is my life right now? What is Tony Stark doing on Tinder in an airport at ten o'clock on a Wednesday?"
JARVIS’s emergency alarm cut through Tony’s music, flushing hot adrenaline through his veins. He jerked upright, having slid nearly flat in his chair while he thought. “What is it?” He was halfway to the armour before he’d even asked his legs to move.
“You’re going to take my cock so well, Tony. You’re so good for me. You’re going to wait, and then you’re going to come on my cock so I can feel how amazing you are when you clench down around me. So I can see you cover yourself in come. You’re going to do that for me, and I’m going to fill you up the way you need. You can do that, right?”
"Is everything alright?" Steve appeared in the doorway, in nothing but a towel, his wet hair plastered to his face. "Oh, hi, Tony. I thought you were out all night."
His heart beat a little faster than it needed to, on edge walking these streets after dark. Bucky was used to it, by now, but he also ran into trouble once in a while. Steve kept his head low and relied on the cheapness of his jacket to show there wouldn't be much worth in holding him up.
He drew the stern, older man up on the raised table at the back, then two ladies' dresses that had caught his eye.
Steve laughed as they stumbled back into the penthouse together, and Tony feared his heart might burst with all the love he tried to fit inside it. He was never, ever going to give this amazing man up.
“Flowers it is then. Here.” Bucky held the bag and Steve dropped the tip in, then spooned in the icing.
Footsteps thunder down the alley again, from the opposite direction, and Tony tenses, but the wheezing breaths let him know it’s Steve long before he turns the corner. He skids to a halt and drops an armful of fabrics in Tony’s hands before bending at the waist, hands on his knees, and catching his breath.
"I'm taking care of you." Tony added a napkin and spoon to the bowl of soup he'd put on the coffee table.
“Well, you must have a good relationship with your mom if you drive all this way to take care of her every weekend.”
Tony broke the surface of the water with a gasp. He flicked his hair back and tipped his face up to the sky, feeling the water droplets on his skin start to evaporate already in the baking, midday sun He ducked underwater again, pushing forward with strong strokes, and popped up again closer to shore.
Tony’s cheeks are pink from frustration and exertion and his eyes are bright and narrowed. The arm holding the puppy cradles it softly against his chest even as the other gestures wildly to support his words.
Ant lifted his hand to his face, yelled, "Boo!" and whacked himself on the forehead with his hand then laughed like a hyena.
Tony waited for the punchline. Or for a piano to fall on his head. When neither of those things happened, he decided all he could do was tell the truth. “I thought it was a date too.”
"Sometimes, I walk past your room, and I miss you so damn much it makes me want to break things. Or build things. I miss when things were easy… Fuck that. They were never easy. I miss when
Tony whined, writhing in place as Steve slowly impaled him on his cock. God, he was so big, stretched him so wide.
They were both giddy and grinning, eager to be in each other’s arms again. Tony led the way into the penthouse, and Steve dropped his dragon’s hoard of soft fabrics on the bed. They’d already had their dinner date, and now it was time to put Operation Sandman into action.
Tony was already in a booth by the time Steve caught up, a waiter filling two glasses of water. Steve slid in on the other side. Tony tapped his fingers on the tabletop. “So what do you charge?”
Steve’s hand tightened on the steering wheel and he leaned forward to peer through the growing grey of late afternoon. Sure enough, there was a figure hunched by the side of the road, one mittened hand thrust out towards the cars that whipped past. The figure leapt backwards as a spray of slush sprayed over him, and Steve saw the dejected fall of his shoulders. Steve’s ma had always warned him about hitchhikers, but Steve was 220 pounds of pure muscle now, and he wasn’t too worried.
“Oh, come now, between friends. You two are…?” Greg raised an eyebrow, and Steve scowled down at his drink.
Steve took two breaths then slowly rose to his full height, shoving into Brock’s space and making him stumble backwards into Justin. “If you have a vested interest in your own health and well-being, you’ll shut your mouth right now and fuck right off. Even if Tony weren’t my boyfriend - with a fantastic ass, by the way - I don’t like bullies, and I don’t like the shit you two assholes pull. You’d better leave Tony alone. After paying out on your stupid little bet, of course.”
Tony cocked a hip, arms crossed, and looked Steve up and down. His gaze was so intense, Steve felt the back of his neck heat. “Are you sorry you painted this or just sorry you got caught?”
He could tell Steve was getting annoyed and didn’t want to be around him anymore. But Tony couldn’t make his leg heal any faster.
“Of course,” Steve waved deferentially. “I can’t sleep anyway. I was going to go grab a glass of water.”
Tony hunched down behind his sunglasses and powered down the street, keeping his chin ducked. It was bad enough he'd lost his wallet that morning, bad enough he'd been recognized at Starbucks and mobbed, bad enough the board meeting had gone to shit, but now there'd been a scheduling mix-up with his driver and he had to walk home.
“Wow, Tony, you’re being so good for me.” Steve’s voice wrapped around Tony like a warm blanket, filled him up and flushed through his veins.
“Oh god. Really? Did I do the wrong timezone? Fuck. Two flights in three days has me so messed up. I’m so sorry. I thought it was midnight in New York.”
The bad man nursed his wounds in dark solitude, thinking about how much better his life would be with Tony at his side. When he could stand it no longer, he turned on the secret cameras he’d hidden in the tower.
Everything was gone. The Avengers would be dead - either in battle, and without him there to help, or from old age. Maybe - maybe Thor would have survived. But the others, there was no way -
Besides, they were never cold when they fell asleep, tangled in each others arms, sweaty, sated, huffing soft breaths against the skin of each others shoulders. It was hard to think about needing heavy blankets then.
He managed to wrench his eyes open, skin flushing hot when he saw Steve's worried eyes still fixed firmly on him. He mumbled uselessly around the tentacle in his mouth, stroking his tongue over its length, each nerve in his mouth fizzing and buzzing. He wanted to find something comforting to say, something to convince Steve that he was okay - that it was awful and overwhelming and terrifying and also kind of wonderful.
“Welcome home!” Tony said with a stoned-as-fuck sounding giggle and a pat to Steve’s shoulder. Peaceful, satisfied pleasure washed through Tony like a drug and he sunk into the sheets with a happy sigh.
The tentacle connecting them alternated between sounding his cock and rubbing a nub up against Tony's prostate, a roiling, regular rhythm that had them both grasping for release again. Tony smelled like sweat and heat and want, and Steve kissed his way down his jaw before burying his nose in his neck to breathe him in.
“You’re already the older one, pizza pop, but I get your point.” Tony turned suddenly and disappeared into his bedroom. Steve followed him in and just caught sight of his ankle slipping into the huge walk-in closet. Steve sat on the bed and waited.
Steve heard shuffling from the kitchen and he blinked into the dark. Without the glow from the DVR, the various clocks, and lights scattered around the house, the apartment was incredibly dark. But now that he'd adjusted, he could see Tony's shadow moving slowly and carefully through the living room. "We're fine," he told Tony. "Be careful. Don't stub anything." He turned back to Anthony. "All the lights and computers and TVs and stuff in the house are all powered by electricity," he explained, worried he was going to be out of his depth before Anthony ran out of questions. But that was what Tony was for. "It comes out of the plugs."
Ant left his hand resting in Steve's palm but brought his other hand over to inspect the new delight. He squeezed the ends carefully, petted over the stuck-down bits, then touched his fingertip to the most prominent duck. "Dah."
The sun pierced through the sky aggressively, and Tony had to blink his eyes to clear the spots. He sat up, looking down so he could see the tops of the fluffy clouds below them. Light glinted between them, sparkling the lakes and rivers that cut through the Lego-Land sprawl they passed over. They were finally starting to slip lower.
“I know. Cause you have me.” Tony could feel the pull. It’d be so easy to just let go and believe this was real, to give in and give up. So easy. Tony gripped reality with the bare bloodied edges of his fingertips.
“So….” Tony shot Steve a look. How could he not get this? “So you two are outed as together. You’re going to break the internet. This will be framed as a romantic getaway. Which means
“They can call themselves sprinkle-covered doughnuts for all I care. I’m paying an obscene amount of money for one to come tomorrow and find a new home for the Hooters.”
God, you’re beautiful.” Steve was breathless now. “You need to come? You begging for me? You know I love that. What a good boy.” He thrust harder, punching a moan out of Tony. “Okay, baby, you can come. Come on my cock. Come on, Tony.”
Bucky grabbed his ankle and gave it a little shake. "Just come with me tonight, pal. I won't tell Fury you're looking for a job. You've never seen me play there! Come on. At least walk me to work, hear me play a song before you go. Deal?"
Steve’s lip is sort of curled up like he disapproves but is trying to keep it to himself, and Tony realizes he thinks he’s a draft dodger. He snorts out a laugh before he can stop himself, and Steve looks at him sharply. “Not a problem. I’m too old anyway.” Or he will be. Next May. He winks. “Don’t worry. Like I said, I’m not going to be around long.” When Steve doesn’t say anything, Tony adds, softer, “You’re quite the fighter.”
Steve finally peeled his eyes up from the ground and found Tony’s. They were wide in the dim light that spilled out of the gym. “It was real,” Steve admitted. “I’m sorry.”
Tony’s hand in his made Steve knot up with apprehension. Tony felt so breakable in his hold - there was no way he was going to win, and Clint might be right, Steve could break his arm. “Are you sure?” Steve asked.
Tony tilted to the side until his forehead pressed against the permanently-smudged plexiglass masquerading as a window. There were reasons he usually flew on his own jet, and the presence of so many fingerprints left by other travellers was certainly one of them. And nose prints.
Steve frowned, swallowing heavily. He could never tell if Tony was dismissive because he had unique coping skills or because he was hiding his pain. “To be fair, you did crash into a desert,” Steve tried, and to his relief, Tony laughed.
“Tony! Oh my god, what’s wrong?” Steve stepped forward, arms out, and Tony dropped the cape to land a hand on each of Steve’s wrists, holding on.
Tony smiled at him from the other side of the ship’s console. “Does that ever stop being funny? Roger Rogers?”
Tony blinked his eyes rapidly to keep tears from blurring his vision. It was so hard to hold off when pleasure was flushing through every nerve in his body, but he was making Steve happy. Nothing could touch that. He’d never come again if it made Steve happy.
The very bad man had a very bad robot and he used it to fly across the city to his love. One look at him and Tony would realize how in love he was and then, finally, they would be together.
The breeze turns into a harsh wind, and Tony shivers and shoves up against the brick wall, but there’s no way he can stay like this for forty-five minutes (an hour at the most). He needs shelter, or at least something to wrap around his waist. He can’t really venture forth into the past, and if Marty McNutso nailed the coordinates, one Steve Rogers (the bite-sized version) is due to show up in the area soon, and Tony probably shouldn’t take any risks. Steve meeting himself would have been disastrous - Tony meeting Steve? It’s unclear.
Steve sighed and sat back on his folded legs. "It's in the bathroom cupboard because Anthony fell in love with it while I was taping one of his books back together and insisted on taking it in the bath with him. I traded it for a shampoo bottle with a koala on it, but then I had to hide the tape so he wouldn't see it again and want it back."
Steve pushed the apartment door open and stared. The pounding bassline he’d heard in the hall wasn’t the neighbours after all, but his own boyfriends listening to “You Can Leave Your Hat On.”
There was a hum. "I'm sorry, sir, I don't have you on any approved lists for Mr. Stark's schedule. I won't be able to make you an appointment. Would you like to book with someone in the PR department?"
"Tony?" Steve rasped, shocked, and Tony found him, dumped in a heap a few feet away. Tony pushed himself up on his elbows and Steve twisted up to sitting and shifted a little closer, giving Tony plenty of space. "Are you okay?"
Bucky stopped and stared up at the building in front of him. Huh. It really was a windmill. If someone were to say, “he’s a mad genius who lives in a windmill,” your first thought would be that they were overreacting, but at least part of it seemed to be very true in this case. Bucky checked his notebook again. Stark was the name. Tony Stark.
“Okay.” Tony’s eyes were brimming with emotion. He stepped forward and pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Thank you.” Then he turned and rushed off towards the carriage.
"Oh, shit!" Tony grabbed Steve's wrist as blood bloomed in the slice across his palm. "Dammit. Is it deep?"
On the way out, he passed the table with the man he'd been watching, and he couldn't help but keep his eyes trained on him as he walked by, curious to know more about him. Up close, he could see the man had a perfectly trimmed goatee, and his suit and jacket were miles out of Steve's price range. But his fingers were rough and worn, nails torn and even blackened in places which was so at odds with the high-end decadence of the rest of him. The satin band on his hat alone would put Steve out more than he'd made on the last strip he'd sold, and that had been quite some time ago.
Tony startled up to see the very real, present Steve standing in the doorway to the study, a tablet held in his hand. "Oh shit," Tony jerked forward and nearly slid out of his chair. He started slapping wildly at the keyboard, trying to get J to shut up.
Tony remained unmoved. There had definitely been some cheeky grins and doe eyes. “Look. It’s like - imagine you met - uh - Einstein. In a cafe.”
Tony stretched, everything snapping and popping the best way possible. He arched his back, unsticking his sweaty skin from the sheets. Bucky and Steve were flopped out on either side of him, Steve’s fingers on his wrist and Bucky’s ankle hooked over his. Satisfied didn’t even come close to covering it. Tony grinned up at the ceiling and let his eyes close.
“Well, I didn’t miss any of you,” Tony said with a wink. He sighed down at the disgraceful state of his garbage disposal. He tried to be happy to see his team, and he really was, but there was only one person he needed, and it seemed he wasn’t here. “Where’s Steve?”
Steve shook his head through his laughter. “No, not at all. Please, Tony. I’m really glad I slept through the neon years.”
Tony couldn’t drink, but he didn’t need to. Steve’s infected blood slid down his throat without resistance. When Steve was sure there was enough of it flooding his system, he wiped his wrist in the snow and curled Tony tightly against his chest. It would only be an hour or so before the virus would take hold and Tony would wake again to find himself dead.
Steve slipped his leg between Tony’s and stroked his fingers up the back of his hair again. “Oh yeah?” he hummed. “I’ve got some plans of my own, mister.” He grinned when Tony’s hips rocked forward a little. “Also, I’m pretty sure they’re called ornithologists, not owlologists.”
Steve’s hands slipped back, parting Tony’s ass to let him dive deeper, licking harder now, then sucking, teasing Tony’s rim into softness. The pleasure that built was the deep, low, intense, almost painful kind, and Tony knew he was going to be sobbing, begging, before he came. It was futile to think that Steve might fuck him, might touch his cock, Tony knew he wouldn’t, and he was forced to sit there and take it while Steve licked him into a shaking mess.
The bad man lifted the box and turned it this way and that. It was heavy, and pretty, and brought a smile to his face. There was a small card tied to the underside of the bow. He turned it over.
The very bad man arrived early, settled in his seat and waiting. And before long - there! Tony appeared, looking stunning in a perfectly fitted suit. But a moment later, the bad man wanted to scream. Tony had brought a date of his own! Captain America, no less! How dare he.
Steve choked on another dusty sob and wiped furiously at his eyes. He needed to move, his stomach was already growling painfully and no light leaked through the broken wall along with the cold, musty air. He was afraid to see what was out there - had HYDRA won? - but he needed to stand up and shake off his past and face this future.
“I think it’ll be fine,” comes Bruce’s long-suffering voice from somewhere over Steve’s shoulder. “Nothing’s gone plooey yet. I’m going to go tell the others you’re okay,” he adds, pointedly. And then they’re alone.
They brushed their teeth side-by-side in Tony’s bathroom, then changed, Tony out of his clothes and Steve into his pajamas. They divided up the blankets, half for Tony and half for Steve, and Steve tucked Tony’s tightly around him until he was very nearly swaddled, his feet firmly wrapped up snug. Steve kissed the end of his nose and pulled the Tony sushi roll up against his chest, his own side of the bed a mess of random quilts and sheets, piled on him haphazardly. “Goodnight, Tony,” he said.
Steve twisted around and flung his shield sideways into a robot. It shattered into a million pieces. The fight was going fine - the team was holding together pretty well - but it wasn’t the same without Iron Man.
“No, no. Don’t be sorry. I’m so glad you came. So glad.” Tony reached out and twined his fingers with Steve’s, thrilling when Steve held on, squeezing Tony’s hand. “You really want me? I leave dirty towels on the floor.”
Steve shook his head. "I'm just - god, I'm so sorry, Tony. I behaved like a monster when they got that drug in me. I was horrible."
Tony’s smile broke into a grin. “Yeah, alright.” He grabbed a handful of Steve’s shirt, over his heart and pulled him into a deep, loving kiss. “Happy New Year.”
Thor gestured at the screen. “I’m attempting this video chat with my Jane, but, though I can see her speaking, I can’t hear anything. Something ails the computer.”
Tony closed his eyes. He could feel sun on his skin now. But he was still shivering. “Call me sweetheart again.”
Steve huffed then twisted to kiss Tony on the top of his head. "Don't be silly." He looked back at where Ant was showing Burt his new war wound. "I'm not taking my eyes off that kid until he's at least twenty-five."
“Didn’t know you were into breathplay, darling,” a familiar voice called, matched by the hum of repulsors. Iron Man slammed into the side of the bot and freed Steve from its hold. He crumpled, half with exhaustion and half with sudden horror.
“Would you believe it’s laundry day?” Tony offers with a smile. “No? Guess I just enjoy a healthy breeze on the gents.”
“You - uh - ” Steve smirked and his cheeks pinked. “You kind of come in hot. I think I do know you, a little bit. And what I’ve seen I really like. You’ll have a lot of freedom with me, Tony. I’m not going to force you to do anything you don’t want to. You’ll have your own room and your own space. You can go to school again, or get a job, or whatever you want. All I want is for us to be friends. Anything more would be icing on the cake. I'm… I can get lonely. I just don’t want to be alone anymore, whatever that means. I wouldn’t ask anything else of you, promise.” His eyes danced again. “And I’ll make sure there’s only ever one fork at our dinners.”
Steve went over the ingredients and they carefully measured everything out and added it to the bowl. The eggs went in unbeaten, to Steve’s dismay, but Bucky, smacked his hand away when he tried to stir them up on top of the mixture.
Tony’s tray was still open, because no one had come to take the remains of his stale cookies and ginger ale - what the fuck was the point of paying for business class if he didn’t even get a decent cookie? - and there was nowhere else to put it. Tony asked himself for the nineteenth time why he hadn’t waited for a flight with a proper first class instead of this one-more-inch-of-leg-room-and-get-sloshed-for-free business class shit.
Steve quirked a curious eyebrow at him. Tony was vibrating with excited energy and that was enough to get Steve to click the projector off and tidy his things together. He hadn’t started painting beyond the base layer yet, so thankfully there were no brushes to wash. Tony took his hand and pulled him out of the bedroom.
Tony almost laughs. “Yes. Clothes would be amazing, thank you. I’ll give them back in like half an hour, two hours tops. I’d explain, but it’s going to be about seventy years before you’d believe me anyway.”
Eyes fixed under the table, between them, Tony slid his hand out across his thigh and wrapped his fingers around Steve’s fist. Steve startled, his hand opening out of sheer surprise, and Tony took the chance to thread their fingers together. He squeezed, heart at a standstill in his chest.
he growled, chest vibrating, and Tony tipped over the edge with a startled cry. He came hard and fast and completely out of his control, spraying come over his chest and up to his chin, splattering the front of Steve’s armour with white, sullying the star over his heart.
Tags: Fluff, Adorable Nonsense, Sleep Habits, Domestic, Established Relationship, Early Relationship, Love
Something niggled at the back of Tony’s mind. A vague thought that JARVIS was a proven meddler and this
The next morning, Steve found a package on the mat outside his apartment door. Inside were two sets of extremely lightweight boxing gloves, with open fingers and unprecedented flexibility. Steve pulled them on with a giddy grin.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
“We need to talk,” Tony said, walking into the room with the pained, false-confident stride of a doomed man on his way to the guillotine. He was dreading this, but it had to be done.
The elevator dinged softly, and Tony stepped out onto his floor. He shook out his white linen jacket then rummaged around in the pocket for his wallet, and then inside that for the hotel key. The back of his neck itched and when he moved to scratch it, he realized he still had the flower garland on. He fiddled with the edge of one petal and it broke away and fluttered to the floor.
Bruce. Slinking along past the other doors and stopping in front of Steve and Nat’s. Tony resisted the urge to bang his head against the wall which would surely wake everyone up. Bruce knocked softly, and the door sprung open almost immediately. Was is just Tony, or did Steve look disappointed? Maybe he was expecting someone else?
"Hey, JARVIS?" he asked, stepping back into the elevator. "Where's Tony?" If he was upstairs in bed or out of the tower, Steve would eat the sandwiches himself and try not to add a pint of ice cream straight from the tub after.
The thing was, Tony always thought it was the cancer that would get him. Even flying Iron Man, even knowing the Ultimates were constantly in danger, he still thought it would be the cancer, at the end of it all. Maybe it was his bent towards pessimism: no chance he could go out in style, wrapped in shiny metal and saving someone’s life, oh no, his destiny was fading away to scraps, hairless and skinny and gaunt.
Tony snuggled closer, teeth chattering, and Steve ran his hand up through the back of Tony’s hair, guiding his face into the crook of his neck. Tony’s nose touched Steve’s skin and he bit back a yelp.
Now that he was no longer preoccupied with his own unwelcome pleasure, Steve could feel the minute movements of Tony’s body and he couldn’t help but wonder what the tentacles were doing to him. Tony’s little gasps and whimpers continued, even with Steve soft.
The world disappeared as more and more cocooned surrounded him and arousal evaporated as fear dropped his stomach out. Tony struggled pointlessly as everything went black.
It was exactly as Tony had left it, not even a water glass on the counter to announce Steve’s presence. Maybe Steve had gone into Fury’s room to sleep, after all, trading with Bruce. And Tony couldn’t bear to go back upstairs. Back into the tension and frustration and guilt they were all wallowing in, heavy, like a fog, or a disgusting soup of oppressive self-judgement. The quinjet had been full of it on the way back, and now they were all stinking up Clint’s house with it.
The bad man had never been so enraged! He spent the entire show staring at the side of Steve’s head, thinking of the ways he could get rid of him - drop him in a volcano or built a robot to shoot him with lasers.
It was the long way home, sure, but it was worth it. Tony turned the corner and jogged across the street, making a beeline for a warm, cheery window halfway down the next block. Okay, so maybe it wasn’t on the way home, exactly. Maybe Tony was supposed to turn north at the last corner, not south. But, really, it was worth it.
“That doesn’t mean anything,” Steve growled. He forced his fingers to relax where they were gripping his cup, sure it was going to pop in a spray of ice and glass any minute.
Set after the end of In Trouble Deep. The night the lights go out and our little family makes mischief of one kind and another.
They started the set with a single long note from the sax, then Sam came in on the keyboard and they were off. The bouncy rhythm was uplifting and invigorating, and by the time Nat opened her mouth and her beautiful voice rolled out, all eyes were already on stage.
“Though, I suppose,” Tony went on, “having a doctor around could be useful when you have a kid with a serious allergy.”
so I think we should make the most of that too.” He reached around and shoved his hand in Steve’s back pocket then squeezed. Hard.
But Steve sounded entirely sincere when he said, “Wow. That’s incredible. You’re so smart. I - uh - I’m afraid I won’t be able to keep up with you.”
Soulmate AU, Doctor!Tony, no powers, meet not-so-cute. (The medical stuff is at daytime drama levels of accuracy)
“I’ll always find you,” Tony said. “I’ll never let them take you for two hundred years. Never. I love you too.”
Tony’s hands snapped to Steve’s shoulders and held on for dear life as he slumped nearly boneless in Steve’s arms. Steve caught him, holding him up easily. And as he suspected, once he starting kissing Tony, he couldn’t stop. A short peck probably would have convinced the bullies, but Tony was warm and soft and pliant in his arms, and his lips moved gently against Steve’s, sucking in sharp breaths through his nose.
There's a section of the Metro called "Rush Hour Crush" where people can post their commute missed connections or passing fancies. Tony never thought one of them would end up being about him.
"Yeah, it is." Tony took a deep breath in and let it out. "So, uh. How are you feeling? Everything okay? What do you need?"
Tony stood, smiling softly and walked back towards the kitchen then stopped. He looked at his watch, swore quietly then headed for the door instead, his snack forgotten. Thor called out before he could disappear completely. “Tony!”
“Ah ha!” Tony grabbed the large, flat cushion then grabbed Steve, pulling him into a kiss. “That’s why I’m going to marry you.”
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve from behind and burrowed his face into his neck. He was warm and solid, steadying. “I stopped at the apartment and grabbed a few things. I want to spend the night here.”
Tony jolted awake to the sound of a high-pitched wail through the baby monitor. “Whose turn is it?” he muttered.
"Wow." Anthony's eyes were wide, his forehead pressed against the window long enough that there was a red spot in the centre of his brow. It was getting close to bedtime, but Anthony loved the storm so much, Steve couldn't help but let him stay up to watch. "Out." Anthony pointed one small finger towards the balcony.
"[Russian] - Cause he's from the 1940s so there's probably a lot he wouldn't know, and I could show him. If you know what I mean..."
Bucky grabbed his bag and his saxophone case and led the way out of the apartment, Steve locking up behind him. It was a cool night, but Steve ran hot so he found the nip in the air pleasant. He put his hands in his pockets and tipped his chin up towards the sky. The tips of the buildings on either side of the street made him want to sit out on the fire escape and sketch. He wrapped his fingers around the tiny notebook and pencil he'd shoved in his pocket.
Tony started to unwind himself from his extensive layers, laying them out on the bench seat between them. He revealed a mess of damp, brown curls, cheeks pinked with chill and a few days worth of stubble. He looked about twenty-two or twenty-three.
Steve stood back, sinking into the hallway where they could be more alone. Tony stepped out but didn’t speak, just waited.
“You were supposed to fix me,” Tony mumbled, more to the carpet than to Steve. He set the mug aside and leaned back against the desk, hands gripped over the edge.
Tony watched Steve's throat bob as he swallowed heavily. Tony could feel heat radiating off of Steve's skin, even through his uniform, and Tony wished he could see what it hid. As if reading his mind, the tentacles started to pluck at the buckles and flaps of Steve's uniform, unsnapping the shield harness and slipping it off, then starting on the front closures.
The doors chimed as they opened and Tony called out “Honeys, I’m home!’ and then chuckled to himself. A moment later, he appeared around the corner and screeched to a halt. "What -?”
Steve’s hand slid over and covered Tony’s knee. “No, of course I don’t want to break up. I never wanted to break up. But if you want to, if you still want to… It’ll hurt. A lot. But I understand. If you don’t want to be with me anymore…” Steve’s voice broke. “I’ll let you go.”
Tony hadn’t been able to wait for him. Steve had watched him slowly fade, a wrinkled hand in a too-smooth one, but Steve had felt the years. Even if they hadn’t looked like it, they had grown old together, watched the years float away.
Tags: Past-Abuse, Yelling, Relationship Navigation, Feelings, Some Angst, Fear, Falling in Love, Communication, Love is Work, But Worth It, Healthy Fighting, Insecure Steve, Misunderstandings, Happy Ending.
"Tony," he murmured, and Tony's legs tightened around his back, heels digging in as they cascaded off another cliff edge, bound together.
“Can we - I dunno, wild thought, but - can we play some damn music?” Rhodey said, emphasizing his point with reverberating A minor chord.
Tony shifted on his stool to smile at Steve as softly as he could manage without bursting into tears. “It’s not something you can stop - and it’s not something you
The first one to get up was Thor who was Steve's Best Man, everyone had been surprised but Steve had taken hold of Mljnoir in one of the fights.
"I must tell you something important, Master Bruce." Alfred said and Bruce looked at him. "Today I'm very proud, I have always been proud of you and I wish you all the happiness today, I am certain your parents would be incredibly proud of you."
"JARVIS, you traitor I will reprogram you." Tony yelled as his head hit the pillow. Steve smirked and he turned around so he could go draw something up in the balcony.
"We are friends Clark he knows who I am?" Bruce tells him. It shocks Clark because he didn't know Stark knew, okay so he found out because he cheated but for Bruce to tell Stark what he did.
"Very well sir." JARVIS responds. Tony takes the bomb and before he and the bomb explode he throws it, but the recoil of the explosion hit him thought and he got smacked into one of the buildings and went down losing consciousness that he doesn't notice when Thor gets him this time. Tony doesn't notice that every one of his team is worried; he doesn't notice the Quinjet arriving and taking him into medical or the fact that Steve broke his face-plate again.
Up in the Watchtower Clark was in monitor duty. He didn't like having monitor duty but it was kind of fun not having to be out there. He would be lying to say he was not waiting for Bruce to call up to the Watchtower. He actually got his wish when Bruce's com was lighting up.
"Hello, Anthony is nice to meet you." Dr. Thomas had said kindly and shook his hand and he was not lying at seeing the sincerity in the man's eye. "Howard, Anthony meet my son Bruce." The little boy looked at them and smiled shyly.
"Very well I'm going to rest a bit." Bruce told him, Steve nodded saw as the Doctor left. He sat down next to Tony in the chair.
"Is there a reason you're here Clark?" he asked changing the subject. Clark sighed leave it to Bruce to want to be alone.
It had been three months since the day that Bruce Wayne took Tony to Gotham and Steve didn't like the man. He felt like Bruce Wayne and Tony had a secret that nobody knew. Not only that but the man had given Tony something to drink that week he took him to Gotham, right after he had come to Avengers Tower to get him out of being drunk. They had both gotten pictures with some girls acting incredibly ridiculous and of them making the paparazzi question things. When Tony had come back, he had been happy, really happy and Steve was just happy Mr. Wayne hadn't come back with Tony.
"Alright, I know both of the grooms and am really close to Clark the reason why I am the Best Man. Anyway I know Bruce will make Clark happy, how do, I know because I have never seen either more terrified for each other and happy but with each other. Bruce makes Clark happy because I don't know who will make him that happy. Clark is a great friend, a good man and a great writer. To the Happiness of the grooms and that they have a happy life."
Clark and Steve were standing together and waiting for their partners to come out. Clark turned to see his parents there smiling up at him. He couldn't believe it, he was about to be married. To Steve it was really different he always believed he would marry a nice girl in his time or end up alone. Now he would get married to a man he loved.
"Do you want to go with me?" Tony asked, he turned back to checking the blue-prints he didn't want to see Steve's face if he said no. because okay he may like the super-soldier and maybe he was the reason he was cutting down on the drinking.
"You heard me. I know what he feels for you especially if he brought you here." Bruce told him. Steve looked at his part of him not believing that Tony wouldn't have brought anyone.
Bruce is in the Bat cave working on a new antidote for Scarecrows fear gas. He had been hit and had seen things he hadn't wanted to see at all. He was worried Scarecrow was going to use it against Gotham and he wanted to be ready for something like that. He doesn't even notice that Clark has come into the cave until.
Both of them finished getting their things off the car and  not really letting Alfres carry the luggage or most of them.
Since then Tony and Bruce exchange mail most of the time and built their friendship seeing each other occasionally from time to time. When they see each other it is really the only time that they are actually being themselves not putting on a mask for the public or for Tony' parents or Alfred. It happens for three years before Tony hears the news.
“Actually Mrs. Walters, we both looked into this actually happening,” Steve told her with a soft smile.
Once everyone was done, the pack headed up to the main floor. Clint, Natasha and Sam started to pack the car whilst Steve made sure everyone was out before locking the house. JARVIS would watch over the house and the bots while they were gone while also looking out for Tony. Steve had never been so thankful for the AI.
“Oh.” A blush had spread across the wolf’s cheeks as he stopped too, taking the jumper and sliding it on over his head. “I lost my jacket earlier… Thank you.” The omega stepped closer, hesitantly, before standing up on his tiptoes to kiss the alpha’s cheek.
“Steve, it’s just another day. I got to spend it with you and that was great. That’s all I needed. I don’t need any presents or extra special treatments.”
“Tony.” Steve took a step forward as the omega turned to face him. The alpha paused, sniffing before shaking his head a little and looking at Tony once more. “Do you want to come upstairs and take a nap with me?”
Tony poked at his pasta. He was alone in the SHIELD cafeteria after having his therapy session. It had been three months since Tony had a panic attack in his workshop and two weeks after that day, he had started therapy sessions twice a week. At first, Tony was scared and didn’t think it would do him much good. But as the sessions went on, things got easier and it was nice for him to offload.
Unlike Tony, she didn’t have anyone to rely on and had to keep positive or she was sure she would go insane. Cheetahs were solitary animals, in some cases, male cheetahs would band together in pairs or small groups of three or four, but it wasn’t very common. She only had herself, had done from a young age. She never knew her father and her mum died when she was thirteen. She didn’t keep in contact with her half-sister, who wasn’t a shifter and had a life of her own, back in Paris where she originally came from. She had moved to the states when she was only fifteen, sneaking onboard a cargo ship. Still, nowhere had felt like home to her.
They soon arrived back at The Avengers Packhouse, Tony herding the bots to the house and through the door, Rhodey following behind.
“Being an omega is terrifying Steve, I’m not going to lie.” Tony bit his lip. “I’m not your ordinary omega. I don’t naturally submit to higher-ranking shifters, if they’re not in my pack or a friend, I will stand up for myself, I have done before in SI, even if it didn’t end well for me behind closed doors. I don’t comfort those who need it as an omega would, I can struggle with my emotions and feelings at times and how to handle others, but I know I can’t keep them to myself. I can only do it with people I have a connection with, who I trust and care about.  I guess it been the way I’ve been brought up. The Stark Pack was a business pack, we lived in Malibu, but we would fly out across the States and the world for business meetings. From a young age, I was independent and could look after myself to an extent, the higher-ranking wolves would be too busy to look after me, including my father. Pepper’s mum was a delta and she would look after me occasionally, but she lived next door and had her pup to care for, so I would do it myself. I’ve always been self-sufficient, one time I woke up an no one was even in the house. They came back three days later. I was eight.”
The pair finished fixing up Steve’s dish of spaghetti carbonara, putting it into one large serving dish so that everyone could share. Steve also grabbed a basket of sliced bread that he had cut earlier. The bread was from a local bakery in the city and was the best one, maybe he was biased because he adored the owners and refused to go anywhere else. He passed the basket along with a butter tray from the fridge to the omega, smiling softly before grabbing the main dish.
“I need to get my holograms sorted out,” Tony muttered to himself, before looking over at his phone as it pinged, indicating a text. It was from Pepper.
“What’s it like? You know, being in charge of a pack, having to make the calls, being all big and strong… having shifters respect you.” A pause. “I’ve always wanted to know… Just to see how different my life could have been if I was the alpha my father wanted.”
Tony stood outside of room 4.12, Pepper had only just left his side to continue with whatever business she was going to do before Tony. Glancing down at his watch which read 10:37 am. Of course, he was late, but it was under the ten-minute mark for once. The omega pair had chatted a lot after getting out of the elevator before he decided he should get to this meeting. Knocking on the door, Tony took in the symbol, most likely the logo for SHIELD, which was an eagle that had been sandblasted on the glass window. A brunette male dressed in a black suit answered and Tony caught his scent; human.
Steve shared his dessert with Tony, smiling softly as he fed the omega the brownies and ice cream. Soon enough everyone left the two wolves in the dining room, Bucky and Natasha last as they took the dirty dishes into the kitchen to be washed.
“My previous pack was horrible, they had many omegas there and would abuse them constantly. My alpha mistreated me and mated with me without my consent… I was attacked daily by my alpha who was supposed to be my mate.” Tammi continued, lifting her shirt a little to show the scars across her stomach, similar to the male’s own. “Another pack raided our house one time, they rescued all of the omegas that were still alive, including me. They took us to SHIELD, where you are too, right?”
“Nice to see you again Brock.” Tony heard Steve greet the person who had been knocking at their door.
“Of course.” Tony let out a sigh. “Save it and close it down, J, and then pour me a coffee I’m going to need it… and thank you for the warning.”
Clint stepped out from behind the trees and shrubbery, tentatively walking over to the omega, causing Tony to step back.
“You can’t wander off in the early hours in the morning and not tell us! We wake up and can’t find it contact you and then we panic.” Bruce continued.
“I’ve been dealing with HYDRA for a long time, Tony.” Obadiah looked down at his drink before looking back at the omega. “Keep your friends rich and your enemies rich and wait to find out which is which.”
Bruce had no idea how long they had been out, but Tony had drunk a lot and was going off about several technological developments, and the bar was a lot more packed than when they first got here. The omega was trying to get the delta to dance with him, but Bruce politely declined each time. The omega got up from his seat, swaying a little as he excused himself to go to the toilet a few. Bruce nodded and before he had the chance to ask the omega if he could go with him, he watched his friend drunkenly stumble away. As soon as Tony was back, the delta was going to get them out of here.
Steve walked down the halls, sniffing, trying to find the double agent. He went up a flight of stairs, looking in a few rooms. Rumlow could have escaped by now, but something within Steve just had to look. The blonde paused, sniffing as he passed a door. Tony’s scent. It was so strong as if he was on the other side of the door. Carefully Steve opened the door to the room, stepping inside.
Tony laughed, head tilting back as he followed Tyler into the house. Tyler had been invited to a house party being thrown by a friend of a friend and suggested that the three of them went after Pepper, Tammi and Brooke left.
“Of course I’d let you go Tony.” Tony looked up at the alpha, who was now dressed, a frown on his face.
He heard a familiar voice that belonged to Bruce from the room across the hall and that’s when last night’s memories started to come back, a lot less hazy. Steve, the alpha he’d been going on about to Bruce, Clint and Natasha, was
“I’m fine. I can take care of myself. I work at crazy hours. Whoever the inspiration hits. We don’t all have normal body clocks that allow us regular and decent sleep. I’ve gone five days without sleep before and I was fine-”
“I-It’s still too fast. Maybe I’m just too old for him. Since the meal that happened over a week ago, I just have started to panic.”
He began to eat his food, knowing that none of them would mind. Sam asked the delta about his project with SHIELD and he informed them all that it was finished, and he was moving onto the next one. He complimented Loki’s cooking which was responded with a flick of his wrist, indicating it was no trouble for the beta, and a “thank you”.
Pepper wasn’t sure how much time had passed, she could hear a clock ticking away but it was behind her. Her hand continued to run through the brunette’s hair, knowing that it soothed him. Pepper waited until her friend was comfortable to talk about what happened, if at all this time. Tony had always talked about it in the past, but it didn’t mean he would this time. Eventually, the male spoke in almost a whisper.
Bucky left the room, going straight to the kitchen where he dragged Clint straight out of there before the archer could get into any more trouble.
“Hey.” Tony gave a small smile, rolling his shoulders before giving a small wave. The male glared at Tony, shuffling to cover his sister. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
“It’s okay. We weren’t that close anyway, hence hardly anyone knowing about me. Of course, it hurt when I found out he had died; it was a shock even. But there’s nothing I can do to change that now.”
“I don’t believe so.” JARVIS paused. “I will try my best to track his location. I will update you if I find anything.”
“I-I just felt like I had control and now a rug has been pulled out from under me and I’m just falling… Waiting to crash.” Tony let out a sigh. “My old pack really fucked everything up. With Steve and me constantly thinking about them, I keep panicking. I haven’t talked to Steve in days. I haven’t slept in days. Steve will show up soon enough and he’s going to hate me and be so disappointed in. I feel like such a bad person Pepper.” Tony took a deep breath and continued, not wanting to hear Pepper talk any more about the alpha. “I’ve been so distracted with Steve that I feel like I am going to fail this project I’m working on. Then I just went into a spiral thinking about my father.” Tony grabbed hold of Pepper’s free hand “I was just thinking about how many times I let the old man down. How I could have done better. Done him proud.”
“Inside now. So far, it’s deserted. They probably heard the bang and have gone for backup with this alarm going off.” Natasha responded. “I can’t unlock the doors.”
“Bullshit. Bruce blows things up with me, Clint has the best pranks, Bucky tells me about all of your embarrassing stories, Natasha-”
“Are you ready?” Tony asked, turning to the feline shifter who nodded in response. Tony passed him one of the walkie-talkies that they had managed to sneak off some of the guards. They really were dumb. Tony had managed to change the frequencies on them so the HYDRA agents wouldn’t be able to pick up on their conversations. Tony sat on the floor, waiting for the signal so Pietro could call for ‘help’ from the guards outside, luring them into their trap.
“I miss Steve.” Tony pouted into the male’s shoulder as Tyler wrapped his arms around the omega’s middle.
“The human-shifter is like a different species. A sub-species, right? They don’t recognise normal shifters as their own anymore. But they still need an alpha.” Fire explained.
Rhodey let out a laugh but allowed himself to be pulled by the omega, Tyler following them too. The three of them dancing in what seemed to be a dining room, which had been mainly cleared out so a DJ could be set up and people could dance. Tony swayed to the music, taking occasional sips from his bottle, smiling over at Rhodey and Tyler. The omega went up to request a song, before re-joining Rhodey on the make-shift dancefloor.
“This guy came out their room to yell at me and Rhodey was apologising loads whilst holding in his laughter as I drunkenly and very badly back-chatted his dude. The guy took one look at me naked before rolling his eyes and slamming the door. We eventually got back to our dorm and then I started crying on the floor. Rhodey kept asking me why I was crying as it came out of nowhere and I eventually told him it was because hamburgers must be sad and feeling left out as they don’t have cheese on them before passing flat out.”
The beta nodded before leaving the kitchen, Tony let out a little sigh. He was excited to give Bucky his upgrade to his arm, but he didn’t want him to be offended, or it to fail. That would be awful and the whole pack would hate him.
“Of course. The whole pack has just kinda been like a helicopter parent to me. I normally get followed everywhere and I can’t do anything myself. I couldn’t even make myself a drink.”
Tony had also gone into submission, lying close to the ground with his tail between his legs and ears flat. It was second nature to him, upon seeing an alpha in their dominant stance. Steve’s posture automatically softened, licking across Tony’s muzzle, sniffing around his face.
Anywho, thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy the chapter! I'm getting close to finishing the first book now and I really want to write the final chapter and start on the second one.
“I’ll have the Tikka Masala please,” Sam spoke up. Clint nodded, tapping on his phone before looking over at Bruce. Sam passed the menu to Tony, ignoring Thor and Loki.
Tony looked over to where the scent was coming from behind the tree line. The omega let out a growl, letting the delta know he had been caught spying and that he wasn’t impressed.
“So, then Jack was trying to round them up and they kept chasing him away. They’re very aggressive. I was no help at all, I was too busy laughing so much as these turkeys were clawing and pecking at him.” Tyler was laughing along with the omega. “I eventually got my shit together and we tried again. We thought we got them all. God, we were wrong. My grandparents knew every single one of those god damn birds. They had well over 250! But when they went to check on them, they knew straight away that one, one, was missing. My granddad went crazy angry at us both. We never had to look after the turkeys again, but we were cleaning out horse shit for a year! I stunk so bad no matter how hard I washed, no wonder I couldn’t find a mate.”
“Do you want me to see if I can get some help? Someone who could break down the door?” Bruce offered.
“Steve?” Bucky’s head poked through the door, Steve opening one eye to look over at him, trying his hardest not to look pissed at his second. “I’m sorry to tell you this but we’ve been called in for a mission.”
Tony hummed softly, typing away on his phone as he sat in bed. He was currently arranging his meal out tonight with Pepper and Rhodey while Steve was in the shower. They had decided to go to a local family-run Italian restaurant on the outskirts of the city and Pepper was confirming a time with them all as she was going to call to set a reservation.
“Captain, Mr. Stark, may I present you, Mrs. Walters she is the current caseworker for Peter,” he said.
Now every now and then both Tony and Bruce suffered from their partner's over-protectiveness and that put them in the edge when it came to them. Since both of them were kind of used to doing things on their own or having other people do it for them, Alfred for Bruce and Pepper for Tony. It affected them more because they both knew that their partners loved them but it was still hard to get used to it.
“Actually...” Mrs. Walters began to speak but stopped when Steve looked at her. They didn’t have to wait long before Darcy appeared.
“Look at them fly!” Haley said and Bruce was looking around when he noticed something. He saw someone that he did not like, it was a mobster that was up in the scene and he had been looking into it. Tony Zucco, he had been dealing with drugs and as something came to mind asking for protection money. Something didn’t feel right and he hoped that something tragic wouldn’t happen tonight. He heard gasp and looked up to see that the female seemed to have gotten the loosed and had almost fallen.
Tony was currently in his hotel room, getting ready for bed actually which was weird because it was too early. The phone rang and he picked it up and saw the picture of Steve in the screen.
"Yes!" he bit out. Superman was the last one to come in since he had to go save people from a burning building. Batman was about to say something biting when there was a sound in his com. He didn't touch his ear or anything he stayed quiet.
"Bruce is good to see you again dear." Ma Kent said and hugged and gave a kiss on his cheek to Bruce. Who still wasn't used to the affection?
"Alright, I guess I'll see you in seven days." Steve says, he glares at Bruce, who is trying really hard not to laugh.
"I Anthony Edward Stark take you Steven Grant Rogers to be my husband when you fight for what is wrong, for when we fight because we don't understand each other, when you get lost in the technology, for better or worst; for richer or poorer till dead do us part."
"Right." Tony told him. "Okay Steve this is Alfred Pennyworth he is essentially like Jarvis except he cooks like a god. Alfred this is Steve Rogers you know Captain America."
"I Bruce Wayne take you Clark Kent to be my husband, for when we are in our worst, when you stay writing articles, when you miss the farm, when you are being a boy scout; For better and the worst, until we no longer can."
"Now I think we should have a party for everyone else on the rehearsal and on the main reception we only worry about the people we actually want because I am not dealing with senators in our wedding." Tony said.
"I know." Bruce said. They continued to walk as Clark had let go of his hand to put his hands on the back of his head and Bruce put his hands behind him. He was not expecting anything, but suddenly he didn't feel Clark next to him and he looked back to see Clark standing there.
"Psh…Cap would kill me, but that is fun." Tony told him. "Oh Cap is coming, see you later Bruce." Tony told him. Bruce stayed in his seat as Tony ended the call. He had to admit that he was very happy for his friend and maybe a part of him wanted that.
In Tony's room, Bruce opened the door and walked fast taking his cellphone out and throwing it out in the bed and he took his watch out as well anything electronic so it wouldn't get wet.
"So he knows about me?" Clark says. "You know he can't keep a secret and he knows your biggest one." Okay right now was really not a good time Bruce tended to be cranky but he was sleep deprived.
"Don't worry; I'll be there to spring you soon." Tony said. "How about we get Italian to eat on the rooftop?" Tony told him.
“We are contacting SHIELD, to let them know we found a survivor,” Natasha told them. Steve couldn’t separate from the child as he was not letting go, it ended with Steve holding the little boy in his lap as Bruce was checking him over. Tony was looking at his husband and felt something weird.
"Excuse me." Steve told him, he did not think the man was blunt but then again if he was right Bruce was a bit like Tony in the hiding behind mask. Plus when he saw him again he noticed that he was not dumb at all as the papers pronounced him to be,  but pretty smart by the sharpness of his eyes.
It was finally time to go to Gotham and everyone in Avengers Tower was nervous (read: Steve). Both Tony and Steve would be spending time in Gotham for two weeks. So the entire team was ready for anything that would happen.
"Alright, Mr. Wayne I can hold Tony if you want." Steve said because he didn't trust the man and okay it seemed like JARVIS did and Tony acted as if this was normal and how in the world did this man get a code to bust inside Tony's lab.
Bruce was looking at their face, it seemed like this was not a mistake they looked to. The woman turned to the platform and Bruce noticed the little boy sitting there and looking at his parents. This also caused him to look at the wires they didn’t seem to be solid. He looked back to Tony Zucco and he saw that the man was looking at the wires as well and he had a sadistic smile on his face.
Alfred hid the smile from his face at those words. Indeed these two men were great for both Master Tony and Master Bruce.
Two days later Tony had not come out of his lab. Steve had tried but Tony just told him he was fine. Not only that but everyone in the Tower knew that Tony and Pepper were no longer an item.
"Is Miss Lane going to be here too, Tony tells me she is like Miss Everhart." Steve told him. Steve had met Miss Everhart and he didn't like her so much especially when she talked about Tony.
"Right; so I want to see it and don't try to lie because I will call bullshit on all of it, Brucie boy or would you want me to call you Batman." Tony tells him; Bruce looks at him in shock. "Really genius here."
"Just like all of us." Steve told him and it was true their job was wonderful saving the world but all of them had a curse and it was the nightmares.
Of course he didn't know that Tony and Bruce were playing the cameras. He didn't know that the drink was apple sider and that Bruce had smacked Tony's hand away from any alcohol at all since he stay in Wayne Manor. Tony had gone cold turkey on the drinking, though he did drink more coffee and Alfred's cooking but it was something not so bad.
Tony was walking from his lab and he was wondering the reason Steve hadn't gone in with him. According to Jarvis he had not come out of the gym all day. He walked toward the gym and he heard someone hitting the bag. He walked inside to see that the gym was filled with sandbags that had been destroyed. He was in shocked he had never seen Steve like that before.
Bruce and Clark were walking in the farm and Bruce felt at peace. Yes he knew he complained sometimes and people thought that because he was from the big city, he wouldn't like the country. But he had to admit Smallville was peaceful something he was not used to in Gotham, it calmed him. Clark was holding his hand as they walked together.
"Steve are you alright?" Tony asked concerned and okay the huge crush was not going away it seemed. Not that he minded but Steve wouldn't feel the same.
"Yes, yes I did." Bruce tells him and sighs. "Your my best friend Tony and unlike people like to think I actually have emotions." It was code for 'I worry about you.'
The four of them were sitting down in the living room of Wayne Manor and they all had papers around them.
"You have to slow down." Clark told Bruce, who hadn't slept for four days already because of Scarecrow.
"Tony!" he heard, Bruce knew this must have been Captain America. The other one if he was not wrong was Dr. Banner the Hulk. Dr. Banner was the first on to notice him.
“Mr. Wayne, you can’t do that!” Gordon screamed, but Bruce wasn’t really listening he was just moving up the ladder. He needed to reach the little boy.
“Hey Peter,” Darcy said coming to get him from Tony. Peter looked at Steve and Tony and waved bye. Once they were alone Tony turned and basically exploded.
"Good, I don't think we would have lasted if you did." Bruce said with a small smile before he saw that Clark wasn't smiling and seemed serious.
“It has been a few years people need to get more inventive with their reasons.” Clark said with a laugh, he had to admit that at first it had bothered him, that people believed the worst of Bruce. He knew that it was something he needed to get used to, but he still did not like it.
"My friends, I am told that as the Best Man I must speak of my fighting brother." Thor boomed out. "I met Steven during the time of War and I am the happiest knowing he was by my side during battle. He is a good man and I know that he will make a good match for my other brother Tony, they both deserve each other to their happiness." Everyone cheered, the next one was Barry.
"I'm wondering why is it here?" Clark said. "What he already came to the Bat cave, Bruce does he knows who you are, who I am?" Clark says a bit panic because he doesn't know if Stark can keep a secret, heck he was sure of it.
"No I figured out barely. Bats and I don't discuss people's secret identities you know." Tony tells him.
As Tony flew back to his hotel room, he hoped the Boy Scout would get his head out of his ass. That and maybe Steve was turning him into a major sap and he wanted to see his best friend happy.
Steve on the other hand was freaking out because Tony was not kissing him back and he ruined it. He was about to pull away, but Tony responded and grabbed him by the neck and pulled him close. Steve smiled and pulled him by the waist. When they finally pulled up for air Tony smirked at Steve.
"Oh my god, we just got the two Boy Scouts together as BFF's." Tony groans getting Bruce's lip to go up in an amuse smile.
"You act like it's a bad thing." Steve tells him. Tony wraps his arm around Steve waist and smiles at him.
Steve and Clark had been spending time together and Steve figured out in three days exactly who Bruce and Clark were. Mostly because of his Super Soldier senses and the fact that he could hear things as well and hearing a car in the middle of the night in a place where it was isolated well it was weird. He also got into a run in with the Bat because he stopped a robber,  Bruce was chasing. The whole 'don't mess in my city' was a speech he got. He told Tony and he was laughing with the whole story.
"That's my cue to go." Tony says and clicks on him. Bruce things over that maybe he would have to go to New York.
“Phil is also aware that since no family members could be found the young boy needs to come with me,” Mrs. Walters told them.
"You mean don't mess with Bruce's city, now I know how he could get everything from you." Steve told him.
"I understand Tony has duties with the Avengers." Bruce told him and got a card out of his coat and gave it to Steve. "JARVIS already has my number but here it's Wayne Manor's private number and you can call anytime, you need Tony, my butler Alfred would take the call and give it to him."
"Indeed he has." Alfred said because they were the changes he was seeing a little on Bruce thanks to Clark, but he wouldn't say that because it might turned counter-productive. "You should go rest before Master Clark arrives and dinner will be ready." Alfred told him.
"So I have to ask…how long do two you plan this." she asked Tony and Bruce pointing to the both Steve and Clark. Tony was about to tell her something not exactly nice.
Bruce arrived at Avenger's Tower and he was impressed he was not going to lie and it made him raise his lips a bit again. He was wearing a light-blue button up, black jacket and black slacks with black shoes and his glasses. He went into the reception and the receptionist looked at him with wide eyes as he raised his glasses.
"She is not, she is just very driven, trust me I have saved her a lot from falling out of windows." Clark told Steve.
Down in Tony's lab he was drinking Tony had tried and the word is 'tried' to get some sleep last night but the nightmares came stronger than before everything in his life, from his father, Stane, the Chitauri everything came at him. So he decided to drink it all, it would be good for him.
"He is the Prince of Gotham City which also happens to be the home of the Batman!" She said with cheer.
"I don't think we have plans Miss Everhart, we are just doing what we feel." Steve answered politely.
Clark arrived homed and he didn’t hear anyone in the Manor except for Alfred, but he knew that was normal from Bruce.
"Burgers this is the American Dream, Captain." Tony told Steve as he came down with plates for them to eat in the lab.
"Dude, Starks stays in that workshop even when Pepper is here." Clint said, but they were ignore because Steve was already walking toward the lab. He walked toward it and had JARVIS open the door. AC/DC was blaring around the room and Steve sighed he was pretty used to it by now.
"I Steven Grant Rogers take you Anthony Edward Stark to be my husband when you are up in the middle of the night building new things, when you won't eat, when you make the most brilliant things in the world, when you have family you think you don't deserve but you do, for richer or for poor, for better or worst till death do us part."
Batman stood at that. Superman looked at him because he had heard the voice; he wondered if it was Alfred.
"We are about to be married, not that I'm complaining and I don't think you are either." Tony told him. "We have to do something crazy you know and Vegas it is and you owe me."
"Seriously we are going to have like most of the strongest heroes here, as far as I am concerned we don't need to worry about security."
"Fine." Tony says and murmurs. "Stupid daylight bats." As he goes into the bathroom to take a shower. Bruce didn't really wanted to wake him but he had a feeling that leaving the Tower was going to be a test on itself if anything from yesterday told him.
"Don't know don't care, give me." Clint said pointing to the pancakes. Steve ignores Clint and takes the pancakes away making Clint really sad.
"Aw, Pep you're going to make me cry and my eyes are going to be all blotchy for the wedding pictures." Tony pouted and Pepper smacked him on the head.
“As always.” Bruce said. “I will have to suffer a few weeks with people thinking that you have left ne and that soon there will be another woman in my arms.” Clark stopped him with a kiss.
"I can't come visit." Clark asks his gaze is still on the arc reactor, he had only seen one and it belonged to Iron Man. Flash had been practically bragging about Bruce and Stark on the newspaper. Heck Cat had made some not-so-subtle comments about both billionaires about them being exclusive.
"Yes, really save me the entire thing about how perfect you are because we all know you're not, I know his secret identity I don't know yours nor do I actually care for it. I know his because I guessed it seems that you super-types tend to forget I'm a genius, I also being in his life since he was four." Tony told him and the duh was hidden there. "Now think about that Superman." The name was said with such disrespect that Clark was in shock before he saw Tony Stark leave.
In another part of the house the living room, Tony and Clark were sitting down in-front of each other and Tony had an amuse smile on his face. Tony decided to be blunt about it.
"Good morning." Clark told him. He sits down next to Steve as they get into their breakfast. They let their partners sleep in since they would have to put on a show tonight and both of them needed the sleep.
"No." Tony says but he already feels like a failure, this was a serious relationship and it didn't work.
"Not everything is about you Clark, so he doesn't know about you and Stark has known about me since the beginning believe it or not I do socialize and Tony happens to be my closest friend, now if that is all you need to know I have work to do." Bruce told him and turned around getting back to his project.
“Agent Coulson is coming up it seems that he has some news,” Jarvis told him. Steve and Tony looked at each other and tried not to be disappointed. Tony held Peter a little bit closer to him.
He walked and grabbed a small popcorn treat knowing that people expected for him to act like this. He looked at the show and he could say that he was having fun.
"See and you said you couldn't dance." Tony told him before he smiled at seeing Bruce and Clark dancing very close and he could see Bruce trying to hide the smile from his face.
In Gotham City, something like that was happening. Bruce was sleeping soundly; he had gone to sleep at four in the morning thanks the Penguin who wanted to still a bird from the museum-who would have thought that. He was sleeping soundly for once and he rolled over when the bright light hit his face. He groaned and covered his face with the blanket.
"That's right, I just want to be with Bruce, and I doubt I will stop seeing these parties with a reporter's eye but you know." Clark told him.
"Later of course, if it is alright." Lois told them both. Clark gave a side look to Bruce who just smirked.
"But you didn't tell me the Man of Steel's secret identity, heck I know yours because I guessed and I've known you forever." Tony says with a motion of his hands.
Tony woke up and saw that Steve was sleeping peacefully; he got up slowly and went out of the room. He walked out to see Alfred dusting one of the vases.
"Yes I do and so do you" Steve told him and pulled him down for a kiss. Tony responded very enthuastically and smiled in the kiss.
Since the exchange between Clark and Bruce things were tense in the Watchtower. Clark was ignoring Bruce; who was really trying to ignore the whispers from everyone else because like always it had been his fault or that's what they thought since the perfect Boy Scout could do no wrong.
"Wow really Bruce, Clark is getting you all sappy-Bruce rolled his eyes- Now what can I say about Bruce. He helped me a lot even when it came to staying with me during my darkest times. He understands what we go through and I don't have to be what everyone expects. Clark you know I know you didn't like me thinking that Bruce and I were that close; but I know he cares about you, I have never seen him with anyone as I have seen him with you and I hope you understand the importance about that…so that is all I'm saying let's drink."
"I know, if he was well I don't think Tony wouldn't have brought him here." Bruce tells Clark who just smiles at him and gave him a kiss that had Bruce surprised. "What's that for?" he asked Clark once he let him go.
"I'll go bug him for you." Tony said and Alfred gave him a small nod. He walked and went to get to the Bat-cave.
Tony was having a day off and he was surprised that it had happened; it made him wonder when the next aliens would come and try to take over the world. Not that he wanted to because he really for the first time needed to rest and by rest he meant, going down to the lab so he could work on some projects for the team. He needed to fix certain things and Dr. Banner couldn't help him since he and Darcy went on a trip to help children. Thor and Jane had traveled to Asgard of all places; Hawkeye, Black Widow and Bucky were out on one of their missions. So this weekend was only him and Steve it made Tony quite happy.
"Hmm...I suppose I am the next one, as you can see both Tony and I didn't have Best Man, the reason being that we both are our Best Man." Bruce told everyone. "Now it is no surprise to anyone that Tony and I met as children; we saw the worst of each other when we were down a well or down a bottle. Steve makes Tony happy, I know he will play it off but he is a good man even if people doubt it. May they be happy?"
“Please bring Mr. Parker back and gets his suitcase ready,” Mrs. Walters said with a smile and Phil was annoyed.
"And I get to enjoy Alfred's cooking for a week, no offence to Cap but Alfred is a God I'm steeling him from you." Tony says with a smile.
"It's fine." Steve and Clark answered they honestly didn't want to be in the middle plus they actually thought it would be a good idea.
"You wouldn't need bossing around if you did what you were told." Steve told him. Tony walked toward him and Steve froze and wondered if Tony could hear his heart beating as fast as it did because Tony just admitted to missing him.
"Is it Alfred?" Clark asked because he cared for Bruce's butler very much. It made Bruce's lips quirk up a bit, it was kind of nice for Clark to worry.
"You're paying for my dry cleaning, JARVIS?" Bruce told him dryly. They, well Bruce walked with a drunk Tony toward the lights JARVIS lit for him. He left the room and everyone was looking at each other.
"I totally gave him an excuse for him to come early." Tony says with a smile and Steve looks at him weird.
"Well, just so you know Lois is going to try and kill me since Vicky was the first one to find out about the news." Clark told him.
