Finding queer friendly, kink friendly therapists in Kansas? Not easy. Also, to say Dean is reluctant would probably be the understatement of the century, but Cas wants it and after the last six months, he’s far more scared of losing Cas than of bawling in front of a therapist. Mostly.
Zapp.
Slowly, he compiles all the words onto two pages.
, Dean thinks, but sure enough the guy steps up to him and says,
“Isn’t that pretty?” Cas croons. “I wanted to decorate you, and you are pretty pathetic.”
Cas is waiting for him in the living room. It takes one look before he’s in right Dean’s face, pushing him back so he hits the door. One hand grips his jaw, Cas’s entire arm pressing down his chest, his elbow digging into Dean’s sternum. Cas leans in close and sniffs.
Cas holds him for a bit longer, then kisses his cheek and moves to take the plates out.
Tears run down his cheeks, makes the tile wet against his face as he sobs and reaches back, and grabs his ass, spreads them apart. Cas releases his hair, moves away and stands.
Dean stares.
Cas nods, something frantic in his movements.
Beep.
Fifteen minutes later, he’s naked and handcuffed to the patio, while Cas is puttering about behind him. He glares at Cas’s stupid lavender.
“Hm.” Cas unbuckles his own belt, pulls out his cock and shows it to Dean. “Look, I had to do it myself. Does that make you happy, hm? Do I have to warm it myself too, or are you going to be a good boy?"
Castiel shirt against his side made him bite back a whine, as Castiel released one arm and then the other, letting him slump down on the floor when his knees buckled. Dean rested his forehead against the bedspread, smelling the laundry detergent Castiel favoured, eyes closed. The world was a pinprick moment of the throbbing heat of his back and darkness, but this was good darkness. He felt the bed shift below his forehead and then the softness of Cas sweatpants when he managed to pry his eyes open enough. He was exhausted and raw, and while he’d never been someone to sleep after a scene like this, there was something he had to do.
In his mind he sees Cas's shape
Dean glared at him, but said nothing. He knew that. He knew all of this, but the itch had started weeks ago and it was far, far too late. Not that he’d anyone to blame but himself, but that didn’t change anything. Cas sipped his tea, turning the page calmly, but he looked up again as he put the cup back on the table. Dean straightened his back, clenching his jaw. It was all he could do not to snarl, fighting to stay still.
“I hope you enjoyed that,” Cas purs in his ear. “That’s the last time you’re going to come in a long, long while.”
Dean glares.
He can’t keep position with the wood paddle. It’s hard and heavy and it rocks him forward with every smack. Left, right, sitspot, sitspot. Cas goes slower, but hits harder, and it’s not long before tears sting Dean’s eyes, and not long after that that he’s kicking his feet, sobbing into the comforter. He’s on fire, and everything is pain, and he’s sorry, he’s so sorry. He distantly realises he’s babbling, screaming out his apologies as Cas keeps going.
“So I’ve been… too good?”
“There you are, sweetheart,” Cas said softly, rubbing circles on his scalp. “Hello. You did so well. We still need to talk in a bit, but you’re okay now, we’ve done this before, we can do this again. I’m so proud of you.”
“It’s beautiful outside,” Cas says. “Why don’t we go back outside?”
“It’s not just your cock that’s greedy, is it? I think all of you is greedy.”
do you think you're doing?” Cas hisses into his ear, fingers tight around Dean's throat.
Dean whimpers in shame.
The website had looked good, so had the reviews online, but when they arrive, Dean can’t seem to relax his spine. Cas explains their history while the therapist smiles smarmily at them. Dean wants to punch him.
“Another,” Cas orders, and Dean aims slightly lower, then smacks it down again, gentler.
“What?” Cas frowns.
Dean and Cas, sitting on a ship -
Cas yanks him from the wall and thrusts him away, making Dean trip over his ankle and crash to the kitchen floor. The tiles are unforgiving against his knees, his hip bangs against the cupboards as he slides back.
He said nothing. Castiel sighed, and that sigh tore through Dean like a rusty saw, but he couldn’t, couldn’t, couldn’- and then he was crashing to the floor, his hands flailing out to catch him, his knees jolting into the living room carpet. There was a dull ache on the back of one knee, where Castiel had kicked him, but before he could roll back onto his feet, there was Castiel foot on his neck, pushing him face first into the carpet, Dean's fingers angrily digging into it.
Cas clears his throat pointedly and Dean hangs his head.
“Don’t be,” Dean sighs as he stretches against the bed. “Don’t want nice.”
“My ass, sir,” he says, and now that he’s thinking about it, he feels so empty. “I think I have a greedy ass that just wants to be filled.”
Dean huffs a laugh and shakes his head again.
“Later,” he gasps, “Later, Cas.”
“Up you go,” Cas says oh-so-quietly, no hint of compassion in his voice.
“Now,” Cas murmurs so quietly that Dean can barely hear him over the blood rushing in his ears. “I’m going to hurt you, boy, and you’re going to stay so quiet for me. You’re going to let me play. Not a peep, or you won’t be coming any time soon.”
Dean’s not sure he can stand, but Cas pulls him up and walks him over to the window. Red, white and blue flash over and over outside, their neighbours obviously overjoyed at being allowed to explode shit. Dean’s grateful they live a good half mile away from them, because Cas leads his hands to the window sill and drops down behind him, spreading his cheeks.
“It’s okay!” Dean says. “I’m good, actually, I was just about to go pee.”
Cas shifts slightly.
Ohmygod. Dean can barely breathe. He whines slightly, then wets his lips.
He looks over the plans, then sets them aside and undresses. It’s been ages since they played, mostly because life got in the way. There was work and Dean did overtime to finish up a delayed project, and then Cas got fucking food poisoning from the Chinese place on 5th, spending a week doing all kinds of gross things in the bathroom (which Dean has bleached the hell out of, thank you very much).
“Did that excite you?” Cas asks. “Your cock decided to try get hard. Do you think I can keep it down with just the shocker?”
“Put them in my mouth and sucked them clean,” Dean whispers.
The next therapist is a mousy woman in a big cardigan. She insists on speaking to them separately first, but when it’s Dean’s turn, she tries to push pamphlets on domestic violence at him.
wouldn’t dream of that infraction, ….”
“Fetch it.”
He’s a goddamn grown man, an actual responsible adult with his shit reasonably together and he’s pretty much acting like a dog, waiting for it’s owner to come home. He actually looks out the door four times, even though he knows Cas’s plane doesn’t even land for another two hours, and then he curses the stupidity of Cas having to drive himself to the airport because Dean had to go to work.
“Yeah,” Dean adds uselessly, and grabs Cas’s hand.
“Look at me,” he demands, and Dean does.
A year and some change later, Cas comes in the front door,
Dean’s shivering now, wanting to thrust back at the finger inside him, fingers white against the wood in front of him.
Dean shakes his head. Hard.
“Yes, what?” Cas snaps.
The tears come back then, and Dean clings desperately to Cas as he cries, muttering more apologies into Cas’s shirt. Cas shushes him, tells him he knows, holds him close and strokes his hair, until finally, at long last, Dean’s worn himself out. Then there’s a water glass against his lips, and he drinks gratefully.
“Why didn’t you come to me earlier?” Cas asked quietly and there was no way Dean could deal with this right now. Not kindness, not understanding, certainly not fucking
Dean lets his hand go.
“Greedy boys,” Dean mutters, and he’s completely hard now, cock straining even as Dean rocks back and forth a little on his heels.
“Please,” he gasps, “Cas.”
Dean passes the lube back too, then sags down. Two fingers press into his ass, wet and cold and too big, and he screams as Cas lays blow after blow on the inner crease if his ass.
Nothing.
And, suddenly, he can’t wait.
(I have no regrets. Nor shame. Bwahaha.)
“I’m sorry?” Dean says, hackles rising.
He stays, covered in piss and come and with more come leaking out of him, as Cas uncaps the pen again. Something gets written on his ass, then the plug is shoved back in and Dean closes his eyes and floats.
Dean whines, nodding, thrusting harder. He’s shaking.
… yeah, he’s fucked.
Dean can't help the blush that creeps onto his cheeks.
The ropes get reattached into a hobble and cuffs as Cas leads him around the house, handing him tools. Eye bolts go in random locations. The cement floor in the garage; one of the ceiling beams in the living room and a hidden one in the floor beneath it; on the underside of a bench in the kitchen; the back of a leg on their bed and another on the headboard.
“Dean,” Cas says when they get up to the door.
at the duvet.
. In fact, I love putting unruly, rebellious, bratty boys in their place. There’s only one title I want and you will give it to me. Now.”
“I won’t. I’ll be here.”
He's still panting from it when Cas reappears with the damn electric shocker. Dean’s eyes widen and he stares in amazement as Cas grabs his balls and locks them in, calm as a cucumber.
Dean grins obnoxiously. “I have daddy issues.”
As he pulls out, Dean gathers all the come he can get onto his tongue.
“I’m never letting you go, boy,” Cas says firmly. “You’ve given yourself to me; you’re mine now, just like my car or this couch.” Dean shudders. “I take care of what’s mine, so I’ll take care of you too.”
“Tilt,” Cas says and a foot prods his ass, so Dean tilts as best as he can, presenting.
He’s in a tight ball now, hands over his cock and balls, completely lost in the pain.
No, no he would really rather not. It’s awful, terrible, the pleasure building and building until it drools out of him.
“What was the switch about?”
The first time he hears it he freezes in cold dread.
“That should probably not turn me on.”
Moments later, he’s inside, wrapped loosely in a blanket because it’s still July and hot, curled up in Cas’s lap, telling him everything.
Dean hadn't even brought this up with him. Was he just going to find a place and move out without even talking to Cas first? Unbidden tears prick at Cas' eyes and he sets the laptop back on the coffee table, running his hands over his face and through his hair.
The need to get closer, to feel Dean's body against his again, is strong. It seems Dean feels the same as he's pulling Cas against him, pressing their bodies together as best he can in the awkward angle they're sitting.
"Hmm?" Dean looked at her. She was a little fuzzy, and he shook his head to clear his thoughts.
Cas won't be mad that he quit, he's been wanting Dean to quit, but will he be disappointed in the way it happened?
"I would no- wait, three hours? Fuck, I'm sorry." Cas says, looking at the time.
Cas, taking the cue from Dean, stood up and attempted to grab his ripped shirt from the floor.
Dean attempted to pull his hands out of Cas' grasp, wanting to touch him badly, but Cas just gripped tighter.
It only takes a second for Dean to register what Gabriel said. "Oh, you actually know him?"
Right around 4, the doorbell rings. Alex and Patience show up first, together, and then Kaia, who's another new kid that Claire actually made friends with and brought into their little group. When Dean found out she was new too, he joked with Emma "I didn't date her dad too, did I?" Which he thought was actually a funny joke, but Emma just looked at him like he was insane, so he said "her mom?" And she kept looking at him like that and he realized that he's now in dad joke territory and he's getting old. It was still funny though.
"That wasn't your fault." She interrupts him.
"Want some coffee?" Cas asked.
Dean let off a low grumble, side eyeing Cas.
Cas kissed along Dean's jawline until he got to his ear. "Let me make you feel good." He whispered, then continued to kiss down to Dean's neck.
Claire feels better, and by Thursday she's back at school. On Friday, she comes home excited because of course she didn't forget about their tentative plans on Saturday. Cas tells her he thinks it's too soon, but she argues that she's fine and she'll be careful. And she promises to call if anything,
Dean looked deep into Cas' eyes. What he said "I need you." What he meant 'I love you'. If he couldnt even say them to himself, how was he ever gonna say them out loud?
Claire turns her body to face him, and he can see a determined look on her face. "Was he mean to you? Did he pick on you? Is it because you're gay? What did he do?" She's shooting off questions, and it's endearing how she wants to protect him from an unknown force from so long ago.
"You see" Dean says, as he slides out of his chair and down onto one knee in front of Cas.
"I dont know. I just know hes hurt. Let's go. NOW." Cas all but yelled, rushing to the bunker door. The next 15 minutes were probably the longest of his life. The whole way, Cas cursed the fact that hed lost his wings and couldnt immediately come to Dean's aid anymore, in between Sam throwing questions at him.
"Shhhh its starting!" Sam loudly whispered.
Dean's eyes flew open, his heart pounding fast. He could feel something hard under his head, not his pillow. He laid still for a moment listening, and heard a breath being drawn in. He looked up, right into Cas' face, just inches from his own. His head was on Cas' chest, and he could feel Cas' arm wrapped around him, running his fingers through his hair softly.
Cas nodded. "That is your normal morning routine."
He kisses Dean, everywhere he can reach, pressing words into his skin. "Beautiful" "sweet" "thoughtful" "perfect" "amazing" and can feel Dean already trembling beneath him as he moves his hands down and pops the button on his jeans, sliding them and his boxers off. He easily divests himself of his own until they're both naked, then brings their lips back together, connecting their bodies completely from head to foot.
Once the door slams behind him, Dean doesn't move for a while, just standing there staring at where Cas was just moments before, before Dean's world was changed again.
Cas sighs and won't look at Dean again, staring behind him. "There's a thing I wanna get. Back there." Cas says, hooking a thumb over his shoulder, and he's blushing now.
Dean looked at him again. "You're not weirded out?"
Cas didnt answer for a moment. "We will have to discuss this, Dean" he said, and Dean could feel him tensing up again under his hands.
"He said you were bad. That you wouldnt get out of bed, you were constantly drunk, and that you threw a glass at him." Cas answered.
"I appreciate your cooking, Dean. Even if I dont eat it, it's still nice that you do it." Cas said looking at him.
"Dean. What happened?" Cas asked again, resisting the overwhelming urge to continue what they were doing.
Once that was done, he stood in front of his closet just staring at his clothes for a good fifteen minutes. It was another twenty before he decided on what to wear, calling himself stupid for acting like this. It was drinks with friends, that was it. Nothing more. He couldn't help it though, he wanted to look good, even though, at this point in their friendship, Dean had probably seen him in everything from a suit to just his boxers.
Of course it can't last.
This is what he's been waiting for, as he fingers the hem of Dean's jeans. His own cock is full, pressing uncomfortably against his pants, but it'll have to wait. He
"Its not how you think it is" Dean said, reaching out to lay his hand on Cas' shoulder. Cas pulled away, taking a step away from Dean. Dean's heart sank into his stomach. "I fucked up Cas. I'm so sorry."
Dean lifted his left arm, and slid it over Cas' shoulders, pulling him against his side. "I think... no, I know, this is the best date I've ever been on." He said, as he felt Cas lean into him.
Opening his eyes, Cas wipes at his tears again and sees red at his feet. He bends down, fingers closing over the stem of a flower.
Cas stood there watching the exchange. He didnt want Sam to know how bad he'd freaked out.
"Can I order you something I think you'll like? If you don't, I won't be offended, but based off my observations this evening I think you will."
"What did Sam say?" Dean asked, annoyance in his voice. Of course Cas came when Sam called.
"What" Dean swallows hard. "What..." jesus christ pull it together man. "What're you doing here?" His voice barely wavers, and he calls that a damn win with the emotional turmoil going through his brain.
"No, no, it's totally fine" Courtney said, raising her hand up. "Cas?" Cas looked at her. "I didnt know there was a... thing here. Trust me, if I'd known anything about this, I would never have kissed him."
If he's being honest, he misses Dean. Misses his smile and his laugh, his jokes, his presence, and his stupid beautiful face. And he knows, he
Dean puts his phone down and smiles at Cas. "The girls are going out."
Sam looked up. "No, not for a couple of hours" he said. "Why?"
Cas laughed, grabbing Dean's ass and thrusting his hips up again.
Claire rolls her eyes at him from the bed, phone pressed to her ear. "Hang on a sec." She says into the phone, before looking at her dad. "Yes, dad. Come in. What?" She says, voice laced with sarcasm.
Cas slowed down his thrusts. Once he was empty, he stopped moving, looking down into Dean's eyes.
Cas nodded "okay." He was a little sad, hoping to continue what they'd started. But Dean couldnt be cooped up for too long.
"Exactly. Its afternoon. Time for a drink." With that, Dean walked over to the drink cart and poured himself a hefty glass out of one of the decanters. Sam just shook his head and went back to work.
Dean continued to glare at him as he sat up.
Dean just shook his head, and dug into his pizza.
Two deep breaths, and as he raises his hand to knock he hears a noise and looks down... at a damn chicken. The chicken is standing at his feet just staring at him. It makes a '
"Its been a few hours, Sam. I dont think that's sufficient time for him to realize what we're doing" Cas replied.
"Not like this, you don't." She replies, taking another large bite.
There's really not much Dean can do. He can call dispatch, and the police, and that's pretty much it. He shouldn't have physically removed the man the other day, and he's lucky he didnt get fired for that. He can't risk it again.
But there's some part of him that's unfulfilled, and it takes a while for him to figure out what it is.
By the time Dean pulls up in front of his brother's house, he's had to turn his phone off. It kept ringing, flashing Cas' picture, and each time it dug a little deeper into Dean's heart until he almost just threw the thing out the window. Instead, he turned it off and dumped it onto the passenger seat and finished the drive.
"Nah, that asshole did. But I know the drill by now." Dean shakes his head and runs a hand down his face. "Doesn't matter. I can't do it again, especially now. I just… I need a place to stay for a bit till I can get an apartment or something." Dean finally looks up at his brother with pleading eyes.
The last of the children were trickling out of the library, some hand in hand with a parent, when one particularly cheerful boy by the name of Jack Kline approached Castiel.
“Good, because, uh… well, there’s a reason why I wanted to come here.”
“Would you ever go back?” Cas couldn’t stop the words from tumbling out of his mouth.
Cas looked down and smiled.
There were tears in those bright blue eyes, but a laugh gracing his mouth. Cas wiped the tears away, and he couldn’t stop a small laugh from escaping him.
Once again, thank you for reading through the story. Again, sorry for any mistakes (feel free to point them out so I can correct them, I do very minimal editing, if at all).
“I’m not waiting for an uncertain future, boy.” A warning. “And I don’t plan on releasing a prized possession. Besides,” the captain chuckled, “what’s one merperson compared to a hundred?”
“Only slightly. I made sure it wasn’t anything irreversible.”
What is a man to do if he cannot move on?
Sorry for any mistakes, there is little to no editing involved, but I hope you enjoy it nonetheless.
A taloned hand rested carefully upon Castiel arm, followed by a soft voice.
Dean clenched his jaw.
Cas could hear the smirk in Dean’s voice. He knew exactly how to make it disappear.
Dean finally turns around, eyebrows raised at the request. Cas’ little head tilt, that ghost of a smile, the earnestness in his eyes… damn, it made Dean’s heart skip a beat every time.
Once again, thank you all so much!
With all ability to speak gone, Dean pulled away from the hug, only to slide the ring onto his boyfriend’s - no, fiance's - finger.
Castiel could only imagine how harsh it was for the merman.
"Hey-"
“Yes!”
“Yeah, it’s a bit different, isn’t it?” Somehow, Dean’s voice sounded far clearer underwater than it did in the air. “Alright, I’ll stand by with my magic in case something goes wrong, but try breathing.”
“Cas?” The merman asked tentatively.
“Dean-”
Cas had to make a fishing line, one he could leave in the water and not have to hold for hours, or even think about. Until it came time for repairs, that is.
“Considering I’m your prisoner and mer compass, yes.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Excuse me!” Jo called out. “Mr Novak!”
"Sorry, Cassandra," Dean smirked. "Looks like your luck ran out."
A hint of a smile graced Cas' lips.
“I just got a call from the school,” the angel replied, shrugging on his trench coat. Nowadays he was more comfortable with taking it off every once in a while. “Our daughter has apparently gotten into a fight with another student.”
If Castiel was lucky, those sightings would just mean the presence of large fish. If not…
“I should have listened to you. I should- I should have stopped and made sure you were ok, not drag you out hunt after hunt after hunt.”
Cas moved his hand up and Dean swallowed his disappointment. That quickly vanished, however, when Cas touched his shoulder, the same one that once bore the angel’s scarred handprint. The hunter felt something sing in his chest in response to the contact. Something about the combination of wearing Cas’ trench coat, reliving that first touch, and just having Cas sit beside him, made Dean feel more alive than ever.
He didn’t tell Chuck about flashes of colour, far too vivid to be his imagination, even at night.
“Did you win?” he asked instead.
“Pity. You could have lived a little longer.” The captain stood. “You cost me a lifetime of wealth. You already knew that could never be forgiven. However, because of your years of service, Mr Novak, I will grant you a quicker death than usual. Boys… drown him, like he should have from the beginning.”
Men have gone mad for far less. Now that Castiel’s crew - no, his ex-crew - have had a merman in their grasp, there was no guarantee they wouldn’t keep searching. He feared for Dean.
"Since we're coming out of the closet anyway, I think it's time for me to announce that I am very, very gay."
“Like you aren’t already.”
Neither male knew their wishes were the same.
“You didn’t have to,” Cas said as he finally dressed himself.
"You know what? Fuck you. You're dead to me."
“Um, thank you for that,” Dean said. “I appreciate it.” The smile faded from his face. “Although, uh… it doesn’t excuse what happened last time.”
Cas glanced over at Dean. He’d always thought of merfolk as beautiful, but seeing Dean in the dancing sunlight was something else entirely. The light illuminated his skin, and despite the burns, Castiel could see the small freckles on his face become illuminated, almost adorably so. There were gills on Dean’s neck that Castiel hadn’t noticed before; they were closed for the moment, but no doubt played their role under the water with ease and efficiency. Each talon on Dean’s hand looked like a marriage of animosity and elegance, the perfect tools to both kill and strike awe into the hearts of men. As for the tail… Castiel could have learnt all the languages in the world, and still never have been able to describe it accurately. It seemed to encompass all the shades of green in the ocean, almost glowing in its vibrancy. Cas noted that his eyes were like that, too.
“What?” Dean asked. “What’s so funny?”
The difference in eyesight was almost immediate. Above water, it was the same as having peak human vision, but underneath… oh, people were missing out on something wonderful. The water, though a bit dark, was clear as crystal, and he could see further than any human could dare dream. The details on the ocean floor were astonishing, but not as much as Dean, who looked almost ethereal.
"Thank you, Dean."
Maybe he could allow such blessings into his life again.
“You mean like, slow dance?”
“I don’t see how drinking excessively in a sub-par bar would help improve my current situation,” the angel grumbled as he buckled the seatbelt. Now it was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes.
“Stars,” he breathed, eyes fixed to the millions of glowing blue pinpoints of light attached to the ceiling of the cavern. “They look like stars.”
“I see you have found my coat.”
There were several times when Dean offered to stop the change, even reverse it, in order to ease Cas’ pain. He was always met with the same answer:
“I missed you too, sweetheart,” Dean mumbled into Cas’ shoulder, kissing the skin there. "Fuck, I missed you so much."
Castiel looked down, at the shell nestled within his palms. It was the same one he had slipped into his pocket the day before, completely forgetting about it. The shell was already unusual in shape, conveniently broken in such a way that it resembled a heart. It was the colouring, however, that caught Castiel’s attention the most; pearlescent shades of green, rippling in the light.
Dean pursed his lips for a moment.
"Actually, for someone who wears their heart on their sleeve, you never really left my radar." Dean shoved his hands in his pocket and shrugged, trying to hide his own reddening face. "I've kinda liked you for a while, Cas. Like, liked you a lot. You're pretty cute, in more ways than one."
Now it was Dean's turn to look confused.
“Alright. So, uh we actually have two sets of teeth, not one shapeshifting set as some sources claim. The normal ones, these ones,” Dean bared his teeth for a second to show Cas, “these are permanent. The sharp ones, they’re a little bigger, and come out during feeding or if we feel threatened. Speaking of feeding-” Dean flicked his tail, sending a splash of salt water all over Castiel.
----------
Cas pulled the heavy knitted blanket closer around himself. They felt Dean’s soft chuckle before actually hearing it, like a bubble of uncontained joy. A pair of soft lips kissed raven hair, then kissed a nose, and another familiar mouth, before the newlyweds went back to enjoying the crackling flames of the fireplace. Content in the peace of the isolation and each other’s company, it was all Dean could do to not let slip a tear and whisper, “We made it.”
The next thing he noticed was their difference in style.
Another chuckle, but this time freer, bursting with yellow happiness.
“No, I’m, uh, I’m actually new here. To the whole town, I mean. Still got a few boxes to unpack, but I thought I might as well get a book to read. Y’know, help me relax.”
Usually Cas would curse his unthinking mouth, no matter that they spoke the truth. This time, however, he didn’t mind. Judging by the way Dean smiled and shook his head, he reckoned the merman didn’t mind either. Well, hoped, more like.
Eventually, Castiel’s breathing had slowed and deepened, similar to that of someone who was asleep, though Dean knew that Cas didn’t sleep. The hunter grazed his knuckles against his cheek, feeling Cas lean into the touch.
Cas couldn’t argue with that logic. After he agreed, Dean held him bridal-style once more, already used to Cas nuzzling his head into the crook of the merman’s neck.
“Well, as my unofficial official buddy now, I suppose it’s only natural that we get to know each other better.”
“Never.” He pulled away just enough to look into Castiel’s gorgeous blue eyes. He smirked, though there was a softness about him Cas had only seen on rare occasions. “Better get used to it, Cas. ‘Cause we’re using the buddy system for the rest of our lives.”
It was hard not to. He needed to see those eyes again; they were his comfort.
“He would have hunted us to the ends of the Earth, with no forgiveness,” Cas finished off for him. “What he was about to do to me was considered merciful.”
Minor content warning for body stuff, but otherwise full of fluff.
Cas made sure to slow down for the rest of the way. He held Dean’s hand as they got closer to the summit, both as an anchor, and because he couldn’t get enough of his boyfriend, as cheesy as that sounds. Good thing he fell for someone who was into cheesy chick flick moments.
“Ayyyy, that’s my girl!”
Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak were on two very different ends of the popularity spectrum.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Then go!”
“You’re real?” Cas asked.
Cas’s smile grew a bit, a small twinkle reaching his eyes.
“Oh.” Dean was sure his cheeks were fully flushed by now. It wasn’t that Cas made him nervous. No, not anymore, but having the angel around brought on a certain type of happiness he couldn’t deny.
“I do,” Dean grinned. “I really do.” He cradled Cas’ face, just drinking in the sight of his lover being so light and free. “I’m happy for you, Cas. I really am. And I am so damn proud.”
His stomach, however, was not. The grumbling sound made both of them chuckle, and Dean took it as a perfect opportunity to show the fish he’d hunted. Cas didn’t have the energy to start a fire to cook the animals.
“No.” Castiel crouched down on the sand, wincing at the pain that shot through his body. Right. He was stabbed. Not that it would stop him. “First thing’s first, how did you save me? Specifically, how did you stop the bleeding?”
“You sure?”
Every little thing Dean gave of himself, his time, or his effort was a gift, and yet they were given so freely.
Cas chuckled. "I have been extremely gay for the past two years now, and no one knows it except Charlie. I'm trusting you to keep this between us."
“We used to be able to. But after generations of keeping away from land, that ability is now dormant. Probably completely gone now.”
As Chuck exited to return to the helm of the ship, Castiel did so too, only he ended up standing at the edge of the deck. Elbows resting on the rough wood, he leaned over to look out over the glimmering blue waters.
If that damned stab wound didn’t slow him down too much, that is.
“I make no promises.”
The black-haired navigator kept pacing the deck in between tasks, restless. He found it difficult to keep his gaze away from the fishnet, and even more difficult to keep pity out of his heart. Even from a distance, Castiel could tell that each laboured breath from the merman was becoming more forced. More ragged. And the wounds… if the sun didn’t kill him, then those wounds will.
“I can use my magic to turn you into a merman.” Dean grinned. “Yes. And these,” he gestured to the sack, “will help. It’s the kelp from my home we use to wrap merfolk while they’re changing, so my theory is, it will help you as well. There are some other items which will amplify my magic, if needed, but- Cas? Are you ok?”
I never truly meant to kill him. I wish I hadn't. Even back in heaven, I grew fond of the small angel. He was one of very few who admired me for my "weakness". At least, that's what my heart was known as at the time. I… I suppose he saw something in me that I hadn't seen myself. He saw a strong bond in the chain, and not a weak link, so to speak. I wonder if I'm using that term right. I wish I could ask him. Let me talk to him once, just once. Would he even allow it? Would he even bear to hear my name, knowing it was my blade that ended his life, knowing that my face is the face of his killer?
"They remind me of you, too," Cas replied. "Which was why I couldn't stargaze while you were gone. It became a… painful reminder of what I lost."
“Absolutely.”
“I, uh, didn’t really have a speech planned,” Dean began. “But I can’t imagine my life without you, and I wanted to make it official. So, Cas-”
“Say your final prayers, Novak,” seethed Raphael. He never gave time to do so.
“No, it’s something else. This… this suits you.”
He turned over to find Dean facing away from him. The subtle rise and fall of the merman’s body with each breath was calming to watch. Almost mesmerising. Castiel found himself gazing at Dean’s gills, following the natural curve down to the scales and fins. He watched them almost shimmer in some non-existent light, so much so that he didn’t register that the snoring had stopped.
“Say those three magic words again and maybe I won’t change my mind.”
Cas blinked again, this time in surprise.
“Sorry,” Cas replied, equally flustered. “I suppose now is not the time to get carried away.”
“It’s the merman! Capture it, whatever the cost!”
Logic was abandoned, as well as any remaining shred of worry. There was nothing but Cas, Dean, and the water surrounding them. Laughter filled the cove. Fun filled their souls. It made Dean’s reflective eyes twinkle in the semi-darkness, and Cas felt light. Freer than ever before.
“Come back,” Cas would whisper at the quietest hours of day. “Please come back.”
“Now,” the principal continued, “for the matter I have called you both here to discuss. Your daughter, Mary, punched another student, a boy by the name of Avery Thomas.”
Obligatory apology for any errors (it's late, I should be asleep, but fanfiction demands a sacrifice)
Dean’s gaze snapped up from where it was fixated on the laptop, worry creasing his eyebrows at the urgency of Castiel’s voice.
This made the navigator frown.
“Wait out the storm,” he cried to himself. An anchor. Whatever happens, he will prevail. He had to. “Wait out the storm, wait out the storm, wait out the storm…”
“I’m not healed enough to swim out that far just yet. Sun damage alone takes a long time to recover from, but the other injuries don’t help. I thought I might as well stick around. Besides,” Dean reached behind him and showed off a nice sized fish, “I brought you breakfast. Or, lunch, seeing as it’s the afternoon.”
“Great! Now hurry up and get in the water!”
“He is,” Castiel managed to reply. “He’s one of the nicest kids that come in here, so I’m familiar with him. Speaking of familiarity, I don’t think I’ve seen you in here before.”
Dean brushed his knuckles fondly across Cas’ stubble, his voice soft and understanding.
“You think I haven’t noticed how you look at me?” The green eyed male’s voice was husky as he spoke. “You think I didn’t notice your body language? Especially since I started growing the beard? Yeah, I wanted this. Oh, I’ve wanted this for a long time. So pick me apart, Castiel. I dare you.”
In the wake of recent events, Dean and Cas begin to open up to one another a bit more, while Cas also worries about survival. His and Dean's.
“Which it won’t.”
It definitely wasn’t the soft smile that Castiel caught glimpses of in between smirks, or the caring personality, which hid beneath an armour of flirtatious behaviour.
The Winchester threw his arm around Cas’ shoulders, kissing the salty dark hair with a grin.
So long as Dean was free.
“In all my years upon this Earth,” Cas breathed into the atmosphere. “I have never seen something so beautiful.”
A lot of progress had been made in that time. More materials had been gathered, crafted, and added to the ever growing “collection” in the cove. Waterskins, weapons, and a sturdier shelter made up the majority of it (Cas wanted to make a fishnet once, but Dean adamantly rejected it). The discovery of a few freshwater streams further inland was one of the better developments. It was further than Castiel would have liked, but the man wasn’t complaining.
“Hey, speaking of eternity, you didn’t leave anything important on the shore, did you?”
“Bitch. Now leave us alone!”
“Over your dead body.”
On top of making dinner for himself, taking out the trash, and leaving some food out for a friend, there was one other task that needed completing before the end of the night.
Every day, he fell more and more for the merman. It was the little things; Dean’s smile, his eyes, his laugh, the burning passion Dean carried with him at all times. It was how Dean could be so brash yet so vulnerable, shielded yet open. Dean would give and give and give to show he cared, and he did, Cas had no doubt about that. The merman loved more fiercely than he hated.
When Dean emerges from his own shower, body damp and pink beneath his clothes, Cas is leaning against the kitchen counter, wondering where they go from here. Dean gets his own glass of water, drinking it while watching Cas, and once he's done he sidles up to Cas until he's directly in front of him.
"But you're still-" Cas started.
"Well, I'll just say it. This is awkward." Courtney said, stirring her coffee with the spoon Dean had left in it.
He walks down the hall and knocks on Claire's door. "We're leaving in ten to drop that stuff off at the Winchesters."
"Move in with me" Cas breathes out.
Dean shook his head hard. "No, of course not. I just-".
Cas tilts his head, trying to make sense of Dean's words, and Dean huffs out a humorless laugh. "Yeah, that didn't make any sense." Dean says, running his free hand down his face. "I'm an idiot and I suck at words. I wasn't saying that I'm glad you told me because I don't want you. I'm glad you told me because we can slow down, take our time, as much time as you need. Then, when you're ready, we can take that next step."
"Castiel, that's an interesting name. I've never heard that before." She said, sitting down.
Cas looks from Gordon to Dean, and Dean just shrugs. "That's a good choice" Cas says. "I'll be back with that and to take your orders shortly." And then he walks away.
: Awesome! I'll see you then.
"Anytime, kid. You girls need anything before you get started?"
Once Cas has three fingers in, stretching Dean and working over his prostate on every other pass, Dean is a hot writhing begging mess and it's the most wonderful thing Cas has ever seen. His own cock is hard and leaking and he's never wanted anything more than he wants to be inside Dean right now.
Another bit of time passed before Dean slowly slid his hand up a little, so that it was resting on Cas' thigh now, still continuing to act like hed done nothing. So Cas played along, and made no move to show hed noticed the change.
This isn't how this was supposed to go. Cas wasn't supposed to be with someone, especially this someone, and now all Dean wants to do is get as far away from this as possible.
"Damnit, I am so bad at this." He hears behind him before footsteps rush to catch up to him. "Just, hang on." Cas says, falling into step beside him. "Let me explain."
"Not just the sex, Dean, though that really was incredible. Just, you, you're amazing." Cas said, running his hand along Dean's arm.
"Dean, I have to tell you something." Cas said, urgently, standing up.
When Cas turned back toward him, Dean pulled his body against his own and pressed their lips together. Dean moved his hand up, cupping Cas' face, and slid his tongue into Cas' mouth. He heard Cas moan into the kiss, and used his other hand to pull Cas' body tight against him.
"Me too" Cas said.
"Cas, shes not-" Dean tried.
"No, don't be sorry. I liked it, a lot, if you couldn't tell." Cas nuzzles along Dean's neck to his ear. "I don't think you have any idea how sexy I find you."
When Dean gets home from work later that day, he showers, dresses in comfortable clothes, then calls his brother, which he'd been itching to do since he ran into Cas at the Bean, the informative conversation following that, and Gabriel's audacious poking and prodding at his personal information.
Cas studies him for a minute, and then nods. "Okay." He bites his lip. "Can I show you something?"
He can still feel the phantom of Cas' lips on his cheek, his smell still in his nose, and it's sending waves of warmth throughout his body. It takes him a minute of dazed contentment before he pulls himself out of it and he nods. "Of course. Now, let's grab this and get moving."
Cas felt more friction against his throbbing cock as Dean moved against him, and he moaned into Dean's mouth. That sent Dean almost over the edge, as he tried desperately to hold back his orgasm.
"If you keep looking at me like that, we may never get out of here" Dean said, flashing another brilliant smile.
"Which is bullshit, because you have an awesome voice." Dean pointed out.
"I'm sorry, Cas" Emma says. "But I'm not leaving here until I know my best friend is fine." She has her patented determined look on as she stares Cas down.
"Jack got more orders. I figured I'd go with him, and let you two... umm... work things out." He responded.
"I am the manager, sir." Cas says, as politely as he can under the circumstance.
Cas dislodges his mouth, only to attack Dean's neck, sucking a dark mark into it while grinding their hips together.
"Here you go, Dean." He hears, and is being handed his and Emma's bowls of ice cream when he turns around.
When the doctor finally comes out, Dean stands up with him, still holding onto his hand, and Cas doesn't let go either.
"I don't know what that means," Cas replies. He's confused, but also happy. Knowing Dean is okay with this takes such a load of worry off him.
Dean's mind wouldnt stop 'Fuck so good. Cas. So hard. I want him. Hot body. Cant stop. Dont stop. Wait. What am I doing. Fuck. This is crazy. This is Cas .'
"Everything will be alright. And if it's not, I'll be right here and we'll call you." Dean says in reassurance.
Sam shrugged "I dont know how she feels about this. But, shes somebody I could definitely get to know better."
Once they're in the room, Cas starts pulling at Dean's clothes again, and Dean does the same to Cas until they're both naked, and Dean is pushing Cas back onto his bed. Cas scoots up until he's centered, and Dean stares down at him, taking a moment to appreciate the beautiful man spread out naked on his bed before he climbs up over him, bringing their lips back together in a passionate kiss.
"This is okay? I wanted to look nice." Cas replied, looking down at himself
"Dean, if you think I can move after that, you have more faith in me than I have in myself." Cas replies, smirking slightly. He opens his eyes and looks at Dean. "Is that okay?"
Dean nodded "yeah, he has quite the sense of humor."
Very slowly, Cas leaned in, giving Dean plenty of time to stop him, but Dean just stared down into Cas' blue eyes.
Claire turns in her seat until she's facing forward. After a moment of silence, she says "sorry, dad" and it sounds sincere.
As Cas stood there looking into Dean's eyes, he didnt know what came over him. Before he knew what he was doing, he had stepped right up to Dean, only an inch between them.
Cas moved his mouth off of Dean's, pressing kisses along his face until he got to his ear.
"Jesus, Cas." Dean whispers.
"Do what?" Cas asked, turning back towards him.
"What's wrong?" He asked, fearing the worst. Was it happening already?
Cas flicks his eyes to Dean, then away quickly. "I may have, uh, said someone else's name at a very inopportune time."
Part of him was expecting Cas to finally say something, but that was just stupid wishful hoping.
He watches as she pulls her usual sarcastic expression over her face. "Yeah, I'm great." She says. "Sorry it took so long, we got caught up talking about our project."
"Well now I have to change. I cant go out next to you looking like this" Dean said, looking down at his own clothes. He was wearing a clean pair of dark jeans, a black tshirt, with a green flannel over the top.
He picks up his burger and starts eating, and it is damn good. Flavorful and juicy, and the fries have some sort of garlic parmesan sprinkle on them that's like magic in his mouth.
He found Courtney in the library, curled up in a chair, with a book in her lap. Sam was sitting at the table closest to her, his laptop open in front of him.
"I won't, I promise. Never again, sweetheart." Dean presses their lips together again chastely, before pulling back. "If you want full honesty, there's something else I need to tell you."
Cas looked at him. "I just... I was wondering..." he paused.
Once he introduces himself, Ellen tells him that Dean's already told her all about him and he's got the job if he wants it. They discuss basics, and she tells him to come back in a few days to sign some papers. Once again, within a half an hour, he's back in his truck in shock.
"You are so beautiful, and you're mine." Cas says, hands running up Dean's thighs, fingers playing at the edge of the panties. He can see Dean swallow and close his eyes, hands fisting the sheets.
Cas looked down at Dean. The sight of Dean on his knees, his member in his mouth, was enough to make him want to come undone right there. Then Cas saw Dean's hand down his own pants, stroking himself, and he almost lost all control.
"Just giving her a tune up. It's been a while since I had the time to do it." Dean replied, standing up and wiping his hands on a rag.
Shaking his head, Dean grabs the bag, zips it up, and slides past Cas back out to the living room. He can hear Cas following him, but he doesn't care. He can't care. It all hurts too much, and he needs out before the tears he's holding in escape.
At this point, Cas doesn't know what to do with himself. He'd figured these two 'interviews' would take most of the day, and if they didn't pan out he would hunt around some more. He never expected to be offered two jobs in an hour, plus the one Dean offered him last night. It's a really good feeling, having this off his shoulders.
." He says in awe.
They finish their breakfast in silence after that.
"Really? Why?" Dean asked.
Like any teenager, Emma likes her sleep, so he knows she must be really unsettled about the whole thing. "'Course Em. Just gimme a minute to wake up." He says, and closes his eyes again. He knows if he doesn't get up, he'll fall back asleep so he rubs his face and pulls himself out of the bed.
“Please use this, Daddy,” he says.
“That’m leaking,” Dean manages, hips twisting restlessly.
“Yes,” Dean nods, and he thinks his heart is going to beat out of his chest with how embarrassed he is. “Thank you for controlling my greedy cock, sir.”
“Yeah, okay.”
The last ten are hell.
“Off. The. Clock,” Crowley enunciates. “Shithead.”
“You do that, pet,” Cas says softly. “It’s been a long day. When you come back, we’ll finish this.”
Dean doesn’t say anything, just squeezes Cas briefly. It’s true.
Cas nods. “Tomorrow. Tonight, I just need to hold you close.”
Cas’s hand closes over where Dean has clasped his. “I know, baby, but if we start down that track, could we stop?”
“One, what?”
“What the fuck, Cas. I’m not five!” Oops. Outside voice again.
Which is true. After, he’d sat in his car for about ten minutes just staring into nothing, trying to understand what just happened. Then, he’d come to the conclusion he wasn’t going to, and driven himself home.
Dean forced himself to nod, turning his gaze away. They’d talked about this before. They’d been here before. It hadn’t been this bad since - since… he looked straight at Castiel, hoping he would somehow, somewhere, see his thoughts, the swirl of black and ugly that was filling his entire being.
Friday night, Cas fucks him. Slow, grinding, dirty. Dean’s cock strains against the cage and he whimpers the entire time. Cas allows him to hump a pillow for a while after, but it only makes it worse, and he cries himself to sleep in Cas’s arms, a hand cupping his cock.
“Answer this as well: Why do you come here? Why not take into a motel?”
“Maybe this is too easy,” Cas muses. “Oh well. Five minutes, boy.”
The shock makes him grunt and tense, but Dean keeps his hands on his thighs, butt on his heels. The next one makes him whimper and shake. They’re still small, but Cas keeps them coming with regularity; one, two, three, zapp. One, two, three, zapp. It doesn’t take long before Dean’s sweating and shuddering, because there are sensations he never ever wanted by his balls and feeling like he got zapped by touching metal is definitely not on the list. Sweating just makes the shocks more intense, the prongs of the device digging into the skin of his perineum.
When he manages to catch his breath, he looks over to the nightstand where his own lighter lies innocuously next to a red candle.
They will clearly figure this out.
“Press in, just one finger. Go slow. Don’t make the bed move. You’re a toy, you shouldn’t inconvenience me with all the prep, should you?”
“What does your contract say?” Crowley asks.
Dean presses his ass up, tilts his hip, then looks back at Cas’s startled face. Cas frowns slightly, but Dean pushes back against his hand.
“Can I stay the night?” he asks.
you’re good at,” Cas groans. “Oh fuck, your mouth. Should whore you out, ah, that’d make you happy wouldn’t it? We’d make rent so fast, God. That’s it. Swallow around me now.”
“Look at me,” he demands and Dean’s eyes snap up.
That makes Cas pause long enough that Dean starts to think he’s gotten away with it, that he’ll be able to talk himself out of this mess. Sometimes he can.
It’s been a long day when Dean finally makes it home, covered in the dirt and grime that construction work brings with it. He heads straight for the shower, stripping of his clothes as he goes, and groans loudly when the water finally hits his back. Washing off the dust and sunscreen is one of the best parts of his day, and he stands under the showerhead for a long time, shampooing his hair thoroughly.
“I miss seeing you hurt,” Cas murmurs, looking up at him. “As fun as using you is, it’s much more fun to play with you, and you know how it goes, don’t you, baby?”
“My what now? Listen, buddy, I don’t know what information you have, but I don’t have any daddy issues.” He’s glaring at his therapist and he’d walk out, but Cas made him promise he’d sit through at least one session.
“Uh,” he tries, “do you…?”
Dean looks to the side. “Didn’t think it’d matter.”
Beep.
“No no!” Dean squeaks. “Not anymore! I mean, I used to, uh, before.”
and Dean shows up at Cas’s apartment with a bag in his hand.
Later, Cas will use him again, before pulling him up and leading him into the shower. Dean will stand in front of the mirror and watch the words written all over his body in permanent marker.
Castiel comes around, kneeling. Dean shakes his head weakly, but Castiel’s patting his hip comfortingly as he reaches for the last books beneath Dean’s feet. Dean’s left on his toes, sinking another inch back, bent forward. He’s so helpless, but Castiel’s got him. Castiel always has him. Castiel walks around him again, prodding his entrance, where the dildo disappears into him, rubbing curiously, trailing fingers over Dean’s back and into his hair, which he pets for a long minute. Nimble fingers find the buckles and the gag falls to the floor beside them. Dean heaves for air, trying to work his jaw loose. It’s sore.
. Do you understand?”
“Yeah,” Dean whispers. “I’ll be good.”
“Press the button.”
Dean manages an
“You’ve almost got the entire thing now, sweetheart. There’s an inch to go, I think.” There’s a soft sound and Dean sobs when he realizes Castiel is stroking himself. “Go on, fuck yourself on it for me.”
sound behind the gag, eyes wide. He wants to cry. It doesn’t hurt, but he’s so stuck. His cock bobs heavily between his legs as he makes small thrusts on the thing, unable to move now that it’s so far inside him. Castiel hushes him, kissing his cheek, still patting, soothing, stroking, unyielding. He climbs up on the bed behind Dean, spreading his ass cheeks wide. Dean closes his eyes, trying to hide. He knows what Cas looks like back there, just knows the intense gaze, the slight head tilt, the utter focus on where this giant thing that Castiel chose to force up Dean’s ass is buried inside him. That’s what makes the first tear streak down Dean’s cheek. Castiel’s fingers trace his rim, rubbing against the lube. The tube clicks open again and Dean feels Castiel fist bump against his ass and jostle the dildo as Castiel slicks it up more. Feverishly, Dean wonders how far Castiel intends to impale him. Suddenly the slick hand is around Dean’s cock and Castiel pressed against his back. Dean jolts, the gag muffling a shout as Cas strokes him, firm and hot and slick and perfect, so perfect.
Warm, strong arms drag Dean close, and Dean clings to Cas’s shirt, far harder than he’d like to admit.
“What do you think you can give me, that I can’t take from you, boy?” he says, and goes right back to it.
They stare, the most intense eye-fuck
The world goes white and hazy after that. Cas drops him onto the bed and keeps pounding into him, making Dean cry with the intensity. When Cas comes, he shudders and shakes and drops straight down on top of Dean, squashing him against the bed.
He wants it to stay, to keep his cock small, useless, uninteresting and unimportant. He wants to come, of course, the last week has been torture and he’s so horny his eyeballs are vibrating, but the cage is safety. He doesn’t want it off. He wants it off. He doesn’t.
Cas grabs his head, shoves Dean face first into that bulge, the heedy scent of Cas’s arousal seeping through his pants, and zaps him again. And again. Dean’s tears soak into the material.
Beep.
“I shouldn’t have let you put on clothes before I checked you over,” he mutters. “Let’s go inside, I'll check you over and we can watch a movie in bed. We can have popcorn for dinner.”
Dean buys a ring on a Thursday, because that feels appropriate. It’s titanium, sleek and discreet, but strong. It weighs next to nothing, but it’s burning a hole in his pocket and he’s so excited, he can barely contain himself.
When Cas puts it aside, Dean’s beyond words, crying hard and his nose is clogged, tears dripping down it and onto the carpet. His back is sweaty, he’s pretty sure his cock’s gone and hid in another dimension.
Cas is holding a spatula. Dean knows that spatula, knows the round purple bruises, knows the force of it. He’s never been able to stay still through a beating with it.
Dean climbs out, feeling for all the world like his legs are unsteady as he walks up the stairs to the door. The satin cups him, soft and silky yet firm.
He signs away his independence on July 4th. Somewhere, someone is laughing at that.
Shivering in the cool air, Dean hesitantly wraps his hand around his cock and strokes, looking up at Cas for confirmation. Cas only makes a
Cas puts the belt down.
“... lead us on the righteous path so we can find true love,” Dick goes on, unaware, “the love you bestowed Adam and Eve, man and woman…”
“Fuck you.”
There’s a snick and an acrid smell, and Dean looks down to where his cock is slowly sliding in and out of Cas’s hand. There’s a permanent marker in Cas’s other hand, and he’s writing on Dean’s left thigh, neat precise strokes that trail down towards his knee. When Cas stands up, black letters stare back at Dean.
“You may,” Cas says, and turns a page.
Cas gets up and Dean follows silently, seeing the way Cas’s eyes are narrowed at Crowley’s back. Which is exactly the moment he remembers Cas’s jealousy. Uh. Oh. Oh, no.
Cas’s voice is hypnotic, a steady rumble beneath him, and Dean smiles into Cas’s shirt.
“Different?” Cas asks.
“Come on,” Cas grunts. “I want you tight on my cock. Come, boy.”
“Such a fucking greedy hole,” Cas says. “Has it forgotten who owns it?”
Castiel brings his arms down to his sides and Dean sinks a bit further onto the dildo, whining as Castiel rubs his shoulders. Then he’s pulling Dean’s wrists back behind him, arms straight, and pushes gently between Dean’s shoulder blades. Dean goes, awkwardly, bending at the waist. The dildo inside him rubs hard against his prostate. Castiel refastens the rope to the cuffs, pulling his arms up and away from his back. Dean’s shoulders are screaming as his hands are pulled up towards the eyelet, and he leans even further forward. He hangs his head, watching as tears run from his eyes into his hair and onto the carpet. His cock is so hard against his stomach and the dildo rubs against him with every breath.
“Mmmm.” Cas sighs happily. “Probably gonna hurt you later.”
“You suck.”
. “Back to your nest.”
He thrusts.
Dean nods.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas murmurs into his neck. “I told you. I need you. I’m not going anywhere.”
Cas rubs his fingers over Dean’s hole. “This says otherwise. You wanted me to teach it a lesson.”
He screams when the first strike connects, the leather strap biting into his ass as though Cas is going to tear his skin off.
Dean scrambles to his feet, but of course Cas isn’t going to make it easy for him. Cas makes him sit on his lap, then bend down and put his hands on the floor, knees on either side of Cas’s hips.
Dean shakes his head, unable to say it.
“So beautiful like this,” he murmurs. “You’re doing so good, sweetheart, so good for me.”
“Come sit with me,” Cas calls out.
“No. Red. Stop. Go get dressed. I can’t talk about this while you’re still naked,” Cas says, then stalks into the kitchen. Dean hears the patio door open, then slam shut, and sighs.
He yanks Dean up by his hair, and shoves him into a corner, where Dean crumples as Cas leaves the room. He stays there, curled up into fetal position, and cries. Huge wrecking sobs that he didn’t know he had the energy for tear through him. He’s worthless. He’s useless. He’s not good for anything. It’s as awful as it’s liberating.
He’s on the ground, hands and knees, rough gravel beneath him.
“I dream about you catching me jerking off,” Dean says, looking straight into Cas’s eyes. “You make me come over and over and over again until it hurts so bad, and then you wait just enough that I can come again, and you wait again, until you’ve drained me dry so many times I’m screaming when you touch me.”
Crowley hums.
He regrets everything and Cas is a devious, manipulative son of a bitch. This waiting room sucks and therapy sucks and everything is awful.
“Yes, sir,” Dean says, slightly breathless, as he keep grinding down.
“Dean,” Cas says above him. “I need you too.”
After a moment, things become a bit fuzzy.
“Daddy,” he keens, fingers digging into the soil.
“Alright. We’ll sit here for a bit, then we can move up on the bed. I’ve got Die Hard queued up on Netflix, and there’s going to be hot chocolate later. I remembered the marshmallows too.”
“If you’re going to suck it, at least do it right, God,” he says. “Come on, choke yourself on my cock. Show me what a greedy, selfish boy you are.”
Dean doesn’t fake his outrage as Sam and Bobby laugh. He really, actually, truly isn’t easy. Anymore. Whatever, the point is… he sort of wants to crawl in under Cas’s skin and stay there, alright,  and that? That’s not being easy. Easy is good, it’s simple. This? This is terrifying.
Dean sips his coffee again.
Dean’s evening’s been shitty enough that he can’t, he just can’t anymore.
Crowley rolls his eyes. “Leather jacket, the way you walk, the way you respond to authority--it all screams daddy issues to me, but if you would like to bullshit your way through this, then I’ll get paid anyway.” A serene smile appears on his face. “Please, go on, tell me why you’ve sought me out, Mr Winchester.”
Well, shit he forgot to get a tissue
“I wasn’t going to repeat it, I just said we could have popcorn for dinner.”
“My cock is cold, you should do something about that.”
Cas rakes his hand through Dean’s hair and Dean’s breath hitches. If he could purr, he would.
When he pulls out, he slides the big plug back in and Dean whimpers weakly from the weight against his abused prostate. There’s chains, and these make him shiver with want, as Cas turns him however he pleases to fasten a chain around his waist, crossing it through the handle of the plug and up between his legs. More chains go around his ankles, his wrists handcuffed to the waist chain. This is familiar, also from their honeymoon, and Dean sinks into them.
Despite there never having been a clothes rule, Dean's eyes water and his cheeks flame with shame.
“Have you noticed how you’re grinding back on the bed yet?”
It touches the back of his throat and he swallows, listening to Cas breath hitch. Castiel fucks his mouth lazily, and Dean lets him, lets him have everything. He coasts, floating free on the burn in his shoulders, the brilliant pressure in his ass, the smell and taste of Castiel in his mouth. He’s surrounded, swallowed up, covered in everything that is Castiel, and he surrenders to it with all he has to give. His nose smears snot and saliva over Castiel’s skin, Castiel’s balls bump against his chin, wet and slippery. He tries to stretch his tongue out, urgently needing to be
Dean glares out the car window. He sighs. “Yeah.”
“Beg me for it,” Cas says, undeterred.
Dean throws his head back and laughs, and Castiel would be content to watch this all night, but then Dean comes over, leaning close to his ear.
“Grab your ankles,” Cas says as he stands.
Cas doesn’t relent, keeps him writhing until he’s crying, and then pushes inside him in one long, slick thrust that has Dean sobbing against the sheets. He pushes his thighs together and tilts his ass up, and Cas puts one hand on his neck and uses the knuckles of his other hand to grind against where the bruises are still sore. He ruts in fast and hard, and in no time, he’s shuddering and coming into Dean.
Cas stares back, unmoving.
“Yes,” he says. “Be my king, ruler and God. Mark me, control me, own me.”
Cas keeps him there all through their session, having a perfectly polite conversation with Crowley about consensual non-consent, expectations and communication. His hand is warm and safe on Dean’s back and after a long while, Dean relaxes into the position. He should fight. This is absolutely absurd and not the way couples therapy is supposed to work. Yet, the relief is so immense his eyes sting.
“Showering,” Dean says, even as some part of him screams at him to confess.
“Daddy,” he says slowly. “May I hold my cock out of the way?”
Cold shower.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says to the floor, and goes to fetch the honey.
Dean nods. “That. What you thought of now, I want you to do all of that.”
“Mr N!” shouts the redhead.
Cas goes over to the couch and Dean spins around to face him.
Dean shakes his head again, heat coiling in his belly, body shuddering from the way Cas continues to press him from the inside.
Dean does, lurching forward, shoving his nose deeper into the hair at the base of Cas’s cock. He can feel the tip shoving past the back of his throat and he gags, pulls back, licks apologetically over the fat head before shoving himself down again. It chokes him, air going neither up nor down, and he tries swallowing. Blood pounds in his ears as he looks up and sees Cas’s head thrown back, feels his hips thrust up to meet Dean’s mouth. Arousal rushes through him, his own cock hardening from where it had gone soft while he held Cas in his mouth. Another breath, and he goes down again, gags, stays down there.
There’s a beat of silence.
He hangs his head, and begs, sobbing. “Please punish me, Daddy. Please, please make it hurt, make it really hurt, I won’t do it again, Daddy, I swear.”
“Yes, I can see your cock. We’ve already established that you have a needy, greedy little cock that doesn’t have any manners. It’s just like a spoiled little boy, isn’t it?”
He doesn’t say anything, clenching his teeth together so hard Cas reaches out to touch his jaw.
“I know you are.” Cas says, then the paddle comes down and Dean keens.
The guilt eats at him, winds him tighter and tighter, and as much as he tries to relax, it’s a battle. He sleeps fitfully and wakes early, Cas snoring against his neck, an arm and a leg slung over him. Dean turns as gently as he can and studies Cas’s face. The soft lips, the stubble, the bridge of nose, forehead smoothed out in sleep.
“Didn’t what?”
He floats.
Dean’s cheeks heat. “Nothing.”
“Jesus,” he breathes, looking down at Cas stretched out below him.
Another six perfectly round bruises walk up from his knee to his groin. At the end of it, he’s so exhausted, he leans forward, seeking Cas’s heat like a dog begging for attention.
“We do go through quite a few of these tubes,” Castiel muses, as though he isn’t coating his fingers with lube, filling the room with slick sounds, as though there isn’t a giant purple monstrosity about to go inside Dean. “I bought more earlier.”
“I broke the rules,” he answers.
“No,” Castiel said simply, turning back to his book. “This isn’t how it works.”
Cas blinks. “I haven’t--” he says.
Dean loves him so much he doesn’t know what to do with all the feelings. When they got together… he’d no idea this dorky idiot with his sharp wit would become one of his favourite human beings. Granted,
Something in Castiel seemed to pause, and he took a few steps back close to Dean, eyes again searching out Dean’s, but he couldn’t meet them. He stared straight ahead, until Castiel came up right in front of him, tilting his head.
They don’t talk about it over breakfast.
Dean is frozen in place by the time it ends, isn’t quite sure who’s screaming that loudly before he realises it must be him. Cas’s arms wrap around him, pulling him into Cas’s arms where the world is safe and soft.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says, choking on his gratitude. “Thank you, Daddy.”
Dean tries to shake his head, but Cas’s hand in his hair forces him to nod.
Will there be a sequel or timestamps? I don't know. I have some other projects that are ongoing, that I hope to complete before posting them. While posting this as I went has been a whole lot of fun, I don't think I could keep this up forever.
Zapp.
Cas’s eyes snap to his. “Dean--” he starts in warning.
our house, our future. I don’t care about what some stupid backwater rednecks think about us, heck, I am one, you know I’m useless at all the techie crap. I’m... I’m sorry you thought for a moment that I’d hide you.”
Cas huffs silently. “So desperate,” he murmurs. “Like a bitch in heat. Really, boy, I’ve never met anyone as cockhungry.”
Dean makes tomato rice soup. He forces Cas to take Advil and a shower, and to eat a little soup. Cas runs out of what little steam he had halfway, so Dean ends up more or less spoon feeding him. He changes Cas’s sheets, then leads the man into bed, propping him up on a bunch of pillows so his nose won’t get stuffed while he sleeps.
Cas hands are on his shoulder blades, pushing him into the mattress and he’s moving, slowly at first but then harder and harder and deeper, and Dean’s cock’s trapped against the sheets. The mattress is too soft, the sheets only giving enough friction to drive him mad. He tries to buck up against Cas, tries so hard to cant his hips and be able to rub down and meet Cas’ strokes, but he can’t. Cas hands dig into his back, making it hard to breathe, his weight keeping Dean still against the mattress. Dean’s moaning, he’s whimpering and somewhere he’s aware of words from his lips.
“Tell me,” Cas demands, when the sandwich is gone and Dean’s halfway through his water.
Dean closes his eyes, clutching at Cas’ shoulders, raking one hand over his face and trying to muffle his gasps. Then Cas pulls back again, sitting down over Dean’s hips and rocking their cocks together, which, okay, no, Dean just can’t be quiet through that.
Dean swallows the last of his drink, hisses at the burn and gets up. Crowley stops him.
“Three.”
“Finally
Dean’s hands move down his stomach, settle near his cock, close enough that he can feel the heat from his hand against it.
He’s barely conscious as Cas moves them to the bed, removes the device and wipes them down before tucking them in. All he knows, all he cares about, are Cas’s arms securely wrapped around him as Cas presses Dean against the wall.
Saturday is long. Far too long. It’s not that Dean doesn’t have friends, he does, but they’re all busy or don’t live in town. He heads out into the garden and trims the bushes, weeds the flower beds, even mows the lawn, all of the chores they’ve been putting off all spring. If he’s more careful around Cas’s lavender and honeysuckle, nobody needs to know.
“Can you give me a maybe-date?” Dean asks through his tears. “Like, maybe on Friday. Doesn’t have to be, it’s up to you, I just need…”
They stand there for what feels like an age.
“It’s fine, no harm done,” Mr N says.
Dean gets up, and his head is so fuzzy. What are they doing? What was the point? He wants Cas to hold him, to use him for his own pleasure.
Cas grabs the cover from their bed and dumps it on the floor, before grabbing Dean by the shoulder and shoving him down, onto his knees. Dean goes gracelessly, tumbling down before managing to straighten up. He’s barely stable when Cas pinches his nipple and hauls him up by it.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says, reaches for Cas’s belt.
“Kay. Don’t go.”
“Daddy,” Dean pleads when Cas nudges in between his legs, making Dean spread his own uncomfortably wide, his back arched as Cas pushes inside.
The steel pressing against his opening makes Dean’s eyes widen in shock. This is the big one, the one-point-three pound plug that Cas got for their anniversary, the one they’ve only used a handful of times.
Cas clears his throat.
“I said, I wanted you to hurt me forever. I meant that, I still do. Babe, I love you.” Crap, now he’s really blushing, and Cas has gone doe eyed. “I need … more.” Dean searches for words. “I need all of you. I know you’re one sadistic, controlling bastard, and I love all of that. Can you… stop holding back?”
“You drank it, and then…”
“Sir, please,” Dean whimpers, “I know you’re in charge, I swear, it was a mistake, I’ll pick the clothes up now, I swear!”
“Dean.”
When he comes back to himself, Cas is bent over him, fingers gentle on Dean’s forehead and Dean blinks wearily. He’s trembling and sweating, his mouth dry.
“Tell me.” Oh God, Cas isn’t giving an inch.
When evening rolls around, he grabs a few beers and his fishing gear, and heads out. The sun sets over Kansas while he drinks the beer on a small pier, fishing rod in his other hand, Cas’s voice in his ear (and thank god for headsets).
Cas sighs, a small, happy noise. Dean stays until Cas falls asleep, then he returns to the kitchen to put the soup away. He makes a note to buy more tissues, ice cream, and juice. Then he stands in the doorway of Cas’s bedroom and looks at the sleeping man. Cas’s nose is clogged and he’s snoring, mouth open to manage to breathe. Dean slides into bed next to him.
He lets himself go.
“I thought we should spend some quality time together today,” Cas says, tracing his hands over Deans thighs, scratching his fingers through the coarse hair.
“Tighter,” Cas growls. “I want you tighter around me.”
“Perhaps you should think about that,” Cas says, but doesn’t move.
“No, I--”
“Okay. Think about it real hard for another ten minutes.”
Cas huffs a little against his lips. “Impatient,” he murmurs, but he slides off the undershirt all the same.
“Don’t even think about it. Press the button, pet.”
Somehow they get through into the house, up the stairs and into the main bathroom. Cas leaves him kneeling on the bathmat for a while and when he comes back he’s carrying lengths of chains. The electric shocker comes off, which is a relief, and so are the chains. They wrap around Dean’s ankles, hobbling him, before Cas locks his arms to his waist, his waist to a length around his neck. Dean coasts on the feeling of restriction while Cas runs the bath and pulls him into it. The new-ish tub is the only white fixture in the slightly dingy avocado-green bathroom, and they don’t really fit in there together, but with Dean wedged into Cas’s arms and his feet outside the edge, they make it work.
It’s not like Cas doesn’t already know.
Dean gives his underwear a good suck before spitting them out and showing them to Cas. “They’re clean now, sir,” he says.
, it whispered,
Dean nods, defeated.
“Three times six,” Cas says and the switch taps Dean’s ass lightly.
“No, no,” Dean whimpers, tightens his legs around Cas’s waist. “Just - later, nego-
“Here?” He looks around.
“Mine,” he breathes into Dean’s neck when he slumps down, and bites. Hard.
“Snap your fingers for me,” Castiel says.
He stumbles hard, but gets up and keeps going.
“But… why?”
“Don’t think this is getting you out of your punishment. It’s been so long since your last one, I think you need a good reminder of your place in this relationship.”
Cas is on his ass after that. When he’s not inside it, that is. Heh.
Everyone in this fic is a consenting adult. Consensual non-consent is a thing. Things will appear as dub-con and non-con because the characters want it that way, even if it's not explicitly stated every time. Whenever possible, I've used safe practices and made sure that safety has been considered,
“No, I
Cas picks up the belt, hefts it and snaps it against his hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
the heat in Cas's eyes impossible to fake
(See the end of the chapter for
He crests without going over, and knows his cock is drooling come onto the bed, cries as the amazing orgasm he’d been building towards disappears through his cock, leaving him frustrated and unfulfilled, oversensitive and gaping open.
Cas presses harder. “Still a brat, hm?”
“Shhh,” Cas hushes, then his hands grab Dean’s ass, opening him wide, and Dean keens, tensing. "So beautiful like this, pet."
because Cas is there, so close, so close
Fingers tease at the edge of Dean’s underwear and he looks down, seeing Cas looking up at him. When Dean manages a nod, Cas pulls the boxers off him and his breath is even hotter, even damper against the skin of Dean’s cock. Dean bites his own hand, trying to maintain any control over himself, because he’s not supposed to be this wrecked when in bed with his best friend. He definitely ignores the part where he actually has an idea about what he’s supposed to be like in bed with his best friend. Dry lips trace over the underside of his cock, teasing, nipping and then there’s those small, wet licks against his frenulum. He’s whimpering loudly now, biting his hand hard, but Cas hand taps him on his elbow and Dean releases his hand from his mouth against his will, tangling his fingers with Cas’.
“I love you like this,” Castiel says, stepping back. “Panting. Crying. Desperate. Do you know what you’re desperate for?”
Dean scurries into place where Cas points, goes down and presses his face against the bed, ass high in the air. Cas’s fingers find his ass, and then they’re inside him, wonderful and terrible, rubbing at Dean’s prostate as he cries. The pressure builds and his balls throb, and shivers wreck through him as he strains towards something he knows he’s not getting. He lets it happen, gives Cas what Cas wants, opens up as far as he can by grabbing his own asscheeks again, pulling them apart.
“You’re allowed to,” he says.
He’s dimly aware of Cas unlocking the door, fumbling the pin into the alarm, before he shoves Dean onto his knees. Dean goes, staring dumbly upward, and opens his mouth as Cas sags back against the closed door, ripping his pants open and reaching for him.
“You’re too hungry for cock to be a good cockwarmer,” Cas mutters. “Such a disgrace, can’t even do something so simple right.”
“I think we need to talk,” Cas says when Dean reaches his side.
“Could stick my cock anywhere inside you and you’d be so happy, wouldn’t you?”
“Yes, you snide asshole,” Dean says loudly. “You’ve got him proposing completely random shit that he’d never do!”
He doesn’t shock Dean once. Not on the drive there, not in the store, not on the way back, not while unloading the lumber. Not even after he makes Dean nail together a trellis for … whatever the heck, Dean doesn’t listen and he doesn’t care, because holy god there’s a steel band around his balls and he could get electrocuted at any point in time.
“Good,” Dean says, and makes a tiny content noise in the back of his throat that only Cas has ever heard, before relaxing into sleep.
So, he nods. Dean’s quick over to the corner of the room, where the St Andrew’s cross is set up. They’ve used it once before, and it doesn’t take Cas long to buckle the restraints around Dean’s wrists. The jeans can stay, he’s not going to hit that low tonight. There’s tension he doesn’t recognise in how Dean rolls his shoulders back before settling against the cross and for a moment he’s reminded of a skittish horse. Cas brought two floggers from home, mostly because Inias had wanted to see them, but he unhooks the lighter one from the belt loop of his jeans, then steps close and kisses Dean’s shoulder.
It takes him all of two seconds to go from perfect kneeling posture to physically hauling Cas into his lap, heart pounding with fear. Cas is tall and solid muscle and Dean doesn’t care. He winds his arms tight around Cas and holds on as Cas shakes.
“Jesus Christ, boy,” Bobby says, and Dean’s heart is in his throat before Bobby continues, “You’re lucky I got extra burgers. Now set the goddamn table.”
I'm sorry! There was like... life! and adulting! and crap. It's been forever.
“Don’t want to go back in the closet?” Dean guesses.
Dean nods fervently. “I don’t want to forget, Daddy, I want to make sure I remember so I don’t do it again.”
“Would you let me put a baseball bat up your ass?” Cas asks blithely over dinner.
This is not a guide on how to set up a scene. I'd say this isn't a healthy way to handle your emotions, and the characters know that too, but heaven knows I've done it, so make of that what you will.
“Did you think about it?” Cas asks, when he’s muted another commercial.
Alright, turns Dean does have some shame left. He sobs for a moment, the sheet under him wet with tears.
Dean nods.
“Do you think they’d be impressed by your cock?” Cas says, and the finger returns. “Or do you think they’d look at it and say
He doesn’t answer.
“I’ll give you the plague!” Cas objects, and then he digs out a tissue from his sleeve like a dork and blows his nose.
The only thing he gets is a hand on his cock, which wants no part in the proceedings. It takes a long time for Cas to stroke him into hardness, even longer for him to get Dean rocking between the plug and his hand. Dean draws comfort from that hand, their only point of connection, and fucks himself desperately into hit, back on the plug, then into Cas’s hand again. He comes hard and slow, gasping for air and almost falling forward off the counter with the force. A hand on his shoulder stops him, even as Cas’s hand twists, wringing it out of him. It goes on forever, his balls hurting and legs cramping.
“I’d like the spoon,” Cas repeats firmly, and Dean reluctantly passes it backwards.
Dean maybe, kind of, sort of, accidentally sets one of the notebook on fire.
“What about your nipples?” Cas asks. “Are they greedy?”
“Coming?” shouts a guy from the door, and the girl jerks.
“Yes,” Dean breathes.
“Ow, ow!” Dean yelps. “I mean, may I use the bathroom, Daddy?”
“It’d do you good if I just left you like this,” Cas muses. “Maybe that little cock of yours would learn some manners.”
Then Cas tells Crowley everything, every little nasty detail, eyes flaming and jaw tense.
had he agreed to
“Fine, whatever. Get on with it,” he says, and flicks the TV on.
mustard, Dean,” Cas says disapprovingly.
“I want you naked.”
There’s a drawer opening, a snick from the cap of the lube bottle, and then two cold fingers are mercilessly pushing into Dean’s ass. He groans and pushes back, trying to adjust, but they pull out and return with more lube, twist and disappear again. When three fingers return with even more lube, Dean spreads his legs and whimpers. Cas finger fucks him by punching his fingers in, fist hard against Dean’s bruised and sore ass, and  fresh tears spring into his eyes.
“Coffee,” Dean mutters.
“Mmmpff,” Dean murmurs into his pillow. “‘S good.”
It only gets better after that.
He glares.
Dean can’t look away, because something is clearly really fucking wrong. He reaches for Cas, but Cas bats his hand away.
He wants to get away from it and have it never happen again, but he also wants it, craves it, dreams about it and wakes up hard. He’s spent more than one night on his back next to Cas, who sleeps like the dead, hands over the covers and cock weeping in his boxers, because he’s no longer allowed to touch himself on his own. It’s uncomfortable as all hell, and confessing it to Cas in the morning is fucking humiliating. It’s also pretty great.
“She did,” he just about groans. “We got in a fight.”
“As a matter of fact, I did,” Cas says from behind him, and a heavy hand grabs his neck. “Why don’t you come with me to the kitchen.”
“Sir?”
Cas sighs. “How many times -”
decorated it with coarse sandpaper and a big plug that he’s forced Dean down on, suction cupping his ass to the chair. Of course, there’s also rope keeping his ankles to the chair legs, a rope collar attached to the back of the chair and because this is Cas, Dean’s balls are tied to a hidden hook under the table. Before him are the dozens of notebooks with Cas’s scribbled notes, often only a few pages in each.
Cas slides a hand out from beneath the cover he’s still under, leaving the bottle they’ve taken to keeping under a pillow. Dean grabs for it, opens it with trembling hands and squirts lube all over his fingers before dropping it. His hands quickly return to their places, one hand to his mouth and the other to his ass. He shakes as he presses a finger tip inside himself, groaning loudly.
“Winchester,” Crowley drawls after they get seated.
Dean manages a nod, forehead still against paint.
P A T H E T I C
Dean frowns at him. “Yeah?”
(See the end of the chapter for
over by the karaoke machine.
He lets himself get steered back into the kitchen, where a bandana sits innocently on the kitchen island.
When Dean wakes up on Sunday to find the enema bulb sitting on top of his phone and Cas nowhere in sight, he knows something is up. He dicks around on his phone for ten minutes, before realising he’s far too restless for this, then gets up and goes to use it.
Dean rolls his eyes so hard his head nearly comes off. Cas having him over his knee is fine. Cas putting him in a corner is apparently fine too. But spanking him? Noooooo.
He has.
The day Dean realises he’s hopelessly in love with Cas happens not even three weeks after Cas had joined him at Bobby’s. Cas had texted him,
Downward dog is interesting with 5 ounces of steel in his ass.
“Jerking off,” Cas muses. “What’s the rule about that?”
“I’m what?”
“Nice,” Dean mutters, then tries to raise his voice a little. “You hurt me, yeah, but you don’t push me. You’ve been… the rules, you’ve let me push, but you didn’t push back as hard. I know I’m a brat, I know it’s exhausting to push me down all the time, and I’m sorry, you’ve no idea, but Cas--I’ve told you, I need this. I need you to. I can’t…”
Cas’s free hand grabs his balls, pinching and twisting again, and Dean screams.
Anael sighs. “Strained. They still don’t understand. I swear they use Hannah’s old name more now than they ever used to, it’s actually kind of bizarre. We had brunch with them last week, and we counted. In three hours, they managed to say Hannah’s old name thirty-six times! We laughed about it when we got home, but I think it really does hurt them.”
“We’re both Winchesters, dickhead,” Dean says.
Otherwise he may not ever have been driven
Other than that, I seriously can't believe that the this fic started with the idea of "I should write Luke some cute Daddy kink." Well, bby, you got daddy kink, but there's apparently nothing cute about it. I had a wonderful chat with someone about what a relationship would look like between a sadist!Castiel and a Dean who's not a masochist but still deeply submissive and will take the pain anyway, because it pleases Cas. The ideas mashed together.
Dean slips down onto the floor, wriggles in between Cas’s knees.
He doesn’t press the button, just keeps going. “I want you to be like, like a steel band around me. Don’t let me go, Daddy, please. Please don’t make me go.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Cas says, voice tight.
When Cas swallows his cock again and rubs all three fingers in a tight circle over Dean’s prostate, Dean wails. It’s so overwhelmingly good and he’s so sensitive and it’s too much and not enough and --
Dean grins at him, sharp and full of teeth.
. He’s licking long strips along the underside of Cas cock. Cas is apparently far smarter than Dean, because he reaches over and grabs a pillow to shove under his head, so he can watch. When Cas cock is appropriately wet and Dean’s thoroughly cleaned off the precome at the tip, he looks straight into Cas’ eyes and takes him into his mouth, sinking slowly down. He’s nearly forgotten how, so he bobs slightly, getting used to the feeling again, and then he’s nosing at Cas’ pubes. The weight of Cas’ cock on his tongue is such a filthy pleasure that he groans, causing Cas to close his eyes and whimper. That’s a good sound. Dean would really like to hear it again, so he pulls back and nips with his lips at Cas frenulum before going further down and laving at Cas’ balls, sucking them into his mouth one by one, before returning to his cock.
Dean grins. “Good enough to ruin?”
Dean suddenly feels like his entire body is on fire. He shakes his head mutely.
“Should I put something in it?”
She stops, breathing hard and glaring at him, pointing her finger to the door.
Cas chuckles. “Yes. Out here, just like this. You’re going to rub off on my leg, cream your pretty panties while sucking on those boxers of yours. Right where anyone could drive past and see you.”
In the morning, Dean wakes with the first light. He pads out into the kitchen, splashes a bit of water on his face. He’s sore, beyond sore. It feels like he’s spent a whole day demoing with nothing but a sledgehammer. He smiles into his coffee, then takes it outside to watch the sunrise.
“What?” The guy says, turning.
Which.
Dean shakes his head and now he’s terrified. Cas’s hands are on his thighs, pushing them wide apart, his thumbs digging into Dean’s muscles.
Cas pries his hands off of the duvet, after, dragging Dean up and into his arms.
“I don’t fucking think so.”
“Daddy,” he mumbles, and the word echoes through him.
Quite frankly, Dean doesn’t know what to do with that. He nods blandly and shifts, then winces at his sore muscles. Cas immediately frowns, worried.
It’s not soft for long. When Cas reaches for Dean’s hands, placing them on the back of his head, Dean knots trembling fingers into his hair and fucks his face. This time, when orgasm takes him, it punches through him like white-hot bliss and leaves his knees weak and brain offline. He’s gasping as Cas swallows, shivering at Cas’s tongue licking the last of it from the tip of his cock. Cas rinses him off and wraps him in a towel, trundling them to the bed, where he lays Dean down face first and fucks into where he’s still loose and wet. He keeps hitting Dean’s prostate, which is torture, but all Dean can do is blink stupidly between the pillows, feeling like a limp ragdoll.
Cas hands him a large glass of ice water then stares at him until he drinks it all. The water fills his stomach and he sets it down before wiping his mouth. Cas is right between his legs now, casually tying a knot in the middle of bandana.
“No.” Even Dean can hear how petulant he sounds.
F I L T H Y
“Dean,” Castiel said behind him. He grunted. “You will not count. You can safeword out.”
It takes weeks to plan it out just right, and then Dean’s all set.
“I’ve got you,” Cas says. “We’ll fix this.”
Cas sighs. “You’ve got to stop, Dean!”
“Ass,” Dean says.
“Twenty for withholding information from me,” Cas says, and gets to it.
“Oh, I can take anything you throw at me, boy,” he says quietly. “The question is what you can handle.”
For twinsie, who thought I should sleep. HAHA. No.
“Come on, upstairs. You can walk.”
Cas is solid, all angles and hard muscle and hot skin. His cock stands slightly shorter, but fatter than Dean’s own, and Dean traces his fingertips over it. Someday, someday soon, he’ll tease and play but for now he just dips down. It’s been so long since he did this, he’s forgotten the heady smell of cock and precome, and there’s new notes, a smell that’s entirely
Cas hums and grabs a notepad.
There’s a bottle of hot sauce and a glass of ice on the counter, and Dean has no idea which one is going to be worse. He tries staring pleadingly at Cas. Cas sighs again, fits his hand against Dean’s neck and shoves him down on the counter. Hard smacks hit his ass and Dean groans.
His fingers are dry against his taint and hole, but it feels so good. He’s writhing, panting slightly.
“Baby,” Cas says. “Why would I leave you? I thought you were going to leave me.”
“Oh,” Cas breathes.
“No, it isn’t,” he says, and they’re off, clinging to each other and giggling.
“Mhm. How about you tell me one of your worst fantasies?” Cas says.
Dean glares at him. He’s pretty fucking sure that’s not going to feel any kind of good, thanks for fucking asking.
“Shh, it’s okay, pet,” Cas coos. “We just can’t have your pesky little dick involved today. Come on, get up now.”
“I didn’t think,” Dean says stupidly.
“Excellent. Let’s sign it.”
He lies there crying quietly as Cas fucks him, hard and deep. Cas shifts his hands, pressing Dean’s shoulders down even as he fucks Dean so hard his back bows. It hurt, of course it hurts, every time Cas’s hips slam down on the bruises, but all Dean kan think as he cries into the duvet once more, is that these are good tears. This is where he’s supposed to be. This is who he’s supposed to be. Cas’s pet, being used for Cas’s pleasure.
“Oh yes,” Dean says cheerily from where Cas has seated him on the floor. “I’ve been cornered, written lines, had my mouth washed out with soap, and gone to bed without dinner. That last one was pretty cruel. There was dessert.”
“What do you say, Dean?”
“What a good boy you are,” Cas says. “Letting me know your hole needs maintenance. Give me the spoon now.”
“Ah, here we go.” He fiddles with Dean’s phone. There’s a few loud beeps.
“When we get home,” Cas whispers, fingers twisting in Dean’s hair. “I’m going to tie you up in the garden, set this at its highest, and watch you crawl. You’ll try run from me, boy, I know you will. I’ll find you. I’ll bring you back.”
Cas, however, loves seeing him in pain. The more he hurts, the harder Cas gets. The more he moans, grunts, screams, the more Cas wants to put his cock anywhere inside Dean. Snot and tears can get Cas hard in the blink of an eye, because if Dean’s crying, it means he’s suffering. Cas’s cock doesn’t care one whit if Dean’s hard or not. Cas confessed once that it’s even better when Dean isn’t, because that means he’s not gaining anything from the pain. His suffering is all for Cas’s pleasure.
Oh god, Cas
There’s a long moment of silence which only breaks when Cas stands so abruptly his chair clatters to the ground behind him. A warm hand cups Dean’s cheek and then he’s pulled into Cas’s chest.
Dean opens his mouth to ask a question, and finds the knot forced into his mouth, his head yanked forward as Cas ties it off. It’s tight, so tight, the cotton digs into the sides of his mouth and Dean stares at Cas with wide eyes. As though through a trance, he sees himself lifting a hand towards his mouth, then his hands are twisted behind his back and the click of handcuffs is loud in the kitchen. He whimpers silently as Cas reappears.
Cas suggests they try Cain. Dean manages two sessions before he blows up about whether they’re getting to the point or not and if bees are
“Then what?” Cas looks helplessly confused. “If that’s not it, what do you want?”
Cas is staring at him. “You didn’t report it? You’re a victim of a hate crime and you didn’t
Showered and squeaky clean, he makes his way downstairs in boxers and a t-shirt, because there’s no reason to get dressed. Cas is in the kitchen, sipping what’s probably his second or third cup of coffee and reading something on his Kindle.
“This,” Cas huffs as he thrusts. “This is where you belong. You’re mine, I’ll do whatever the fuck I want with you and you will learn to obey.”
“You,” Castiel says slowly, “want to be
“Shhh,” Castiel says, his slick hand carding through the hair at the base of Dean’s cock, fingers smoothing over Dean’s balls. “Not yet, love. Relax.”
“I can’t hear you.”
Yep. He won the jackpot.
“I needed to tell you, because I couldn’t keep it to myself anymore, but… you walked out. You left.” He pauses. “We didn’t talk about it - you didn’t talk to me. Not that night, not after. I didn’t know if...”
The first blow almost makes him topple over. The second tears a scream from his throat, and by the sixth, Dean crumples to the ground, sobbing. His ass isn’t on fire, it’s molten lava and it’s coursing through him from the bottom of his feet to his teeth.
“Not so greedy now, is it,” Cas says, and a hand cups Dean’s balls and cock, fondles them softly.
Dean twists desperately, tears in his eyes, manages to kick his pants the rest of the way off, then reaches for his socks, pulling his legs up. Cas's foot moves down, presses against his lower back, makes it even harder. Dean's dick mashes against the tiles and he's suddenly aware of how embarrassingly hard he is.
This is what Castiel reminded himself every time he put distance between himself and Dean.
“It’s alright,” Cas replied, surprisingly in a calm manner. “In all honesty, I wouldn’t have minded.”
Various members of the crew split up to carry out different tasks. A mix of new and familiar faces scattered across what was once a quiet home, all of them dangerous. Some headed into the forest to restock supplies, but the majority stayed near the shore. They poked and prodded through Castiel’s belongings, his shelter, everything. Some were destroyed; hours of work, gone in an instant. Castiel truly saw red, however, when one of the unfamiliar crew members stepped on the shells he had so lovingly collected. It brought on a surge of energy, but as soon as Castiel acted on it, his two former crewmates jerked him back down, with Raphael not hesitating to punch him in the face. Blood. His nose was broken.
“Are you asking me out on a date?”
Love you!
“Ass.” Dean couldn’t stop smiling, even as he gently ran his talons through Cas’ hair. “I love you.”
"Right. Almost."
“Cas? Cas?! Cas, come on buddy, look at me, look at me, come on, that’s it- don’t- don’t close your eyes. Cas, stay with me, stay with me… SAM! SAM, HELP ME!”
Dean tilted his head up to the sky and breathed in the crisp, fresh winter air, letting it out of his mouth in a slow river of steam. Snowflakes adorned his eyelashes, framing eyes the colour of spring forests, making them shine brighter than ever before. Each individual freckle on the man’s face stood out against the rosy tint of his skin, and if anything, the facial feature only added to his beauty.
He realised the gut feeling from before wasn’t for the crew and ship after all… it was for the living, breathing person bleeding out in a fish net, treated more like property than anything else.
But, with luck, there could be one last glimmer of hope for Dean.
“Deeeeaaaan, that’s not what I meant.”
“So you keep reminding me, and I thank you for your confidence. But something doesn’t feel right.” This made Chuck frown.
"Promise not to get mad if I just show you rather than tell you?" Dean asked.
“And will it return?”
Cas didn’t even feel himself move. All he knew was that one second, there was the roar of a blood rush in his head, and in the next instant, he had Dean pinned against the wall. Cas gripped Dean’s collar tight, his knuckles almost turning white. His mouth was set into a thin, firm line, and those blue eyes burned with desire. Beneath his grip, Dean panted slightly, that smirk giving way to something resembling a growl.
The bolt that struck the beach nearly blinded him. Sand turned to glass. The light became far more dangerous. Deafening thunder rumbled over the whole island, absolutely battering Castiel’s huddled form. Hands over ears. Eyes squeezed shut. He didn’t even know he screamed.
“You look like one to me. But, animal, creature, hellspawn, it doesn’t matter. You’re going to bring me a fortune when I take you back to-”
“Dean.” There was nothing else he could say. “Dean.”
"Wait, what?"
One should never ignore a darkening sky, nor take them lightly.
“Then, what is it, sweetheart?”
Trigger warnings for mentions of d-ath[e]
He’d waited until well into the night, when almost everyone else was asleep. The captain was awake, no doubt, as well as whoever kept watch for the time being, but those weren’t a problem for Castiel. Captain Shurley had a habit of staying in his quarters once he’d retired for the night. As for the guard, well, that one is a little more complicated.
Sam’s mouth opens, air shuddering into his lungs. He blows it out in a shaky stream. “Dean, I’m so sorry.”
When he looks back at his brother, Sam has gone white as a sheet. “Dean…” he tries again, but something must be blocking off his airway because the word cuts off in a strangled keening sound. “No,” Sam says, beginning to shake his head, and now there are tears on his cheeks, starting to drip from his chin. “No, not Cas too.”
what Cass had been feeling, it’s disappointingly easy to face the fact that Dean feels very much the same and has been for years. If only he had gotten his stalled brain back online a little faster, had dared to cast aside the veil of manly self-delusion a little sooner, Cass might have died at least knowing that his feelings were reciprocated. The stark, shocking truth that, after years and years, Dean has pulled his head out of his arse just a few minutes too late is enough to nail him to the floor with regret, unable to even entertain the thought of ever getting up again.
I’m not worth that. Loving me is toxic. You know that better than anyone, but he did anyway and it made him
Dean curls in further, sliding sideways down the wall until he’s fully lying on the floor. The regret is so overwhelming that everything is growing numb in him. The mantra continues to circle in his thoughts, but now there is a new sentence joining in, all the more painful for remaining unuttered. “
It takes an embarrassingly short amount of time and effort for him to cut through the bullshit and finally be honest with himself. Now that he has certainty to drown out his doubts, now that he
“Ok, let’s get you up off this floor,” he suggests, gripping his brother more tightly in preparation for hauling him to his feet.. “You’re not hurt, are you?” Sam hasn’t seen any physical injuries on Dean, but it’s better to make sure. Dean is obviously in shock and Sam will have a better chance at evaluating the situation if they are not crouching on the floor. Dean shakes his head no, a jerky, aborted motion very unlike his usual controlled movements. His hand lands heavily on Sam’s forearm, but he is holding on, not pushing away.
Sam jerks back, raising both hands in surrender. Dean reigns himself in a second later. “Sorry,” he mumbles. “Just… Cass is dead because of me. Because he thought
,” Dean thinks, as loudly as he can.
Two, so is Cas, because obviously, he – Dean – is not worthy of
Sam has an inkling of the predicament they must have been in. Summoning a cosmic entity like the Empty to manifest on their plane of existence is a monumental task requiring weeks, maybe months of research, powerful magic and probably a complicated ritual with little chance of success. How could they have found a way when they were so short on time, with Billie hot on their heels chasing them down hallways?
A huge sob breaks free of its moorings in Dean’s chest. “The Empty got him. Billie was chasing us and Cas sacrificed himself to save me, and he said… he said…” but all his words are drowned. It takes enormous effort to drag back control, but he needs Sam to know, needs
Sam draws his weapon, but keeps it pointed at the floor as he starts his sweep of the building. Down the hall, into the kitchen, around corners… There is no sign of Dean and Cass, or anyone else, but the hairs on his arms are standing on end by the time he descends the stairs to the second level. The atmosphere down here matches that of a tomb, a subtle indicator that Death has paid them a visit not too long ago. Sam picks up his step, now almost running along the corridor as fear for his family drives him.
His cheeks are wet and blotchy as he raises watery eyes to Sam’s face, fresh tears welling up and detaching themselves from his dark lashes as Sam watches, stunned into silence. “Sammy,” Dean repeats, sounding strangled. There is more, but it doesn’t make its way past the obstruction in Dean’s throat.
Dean extracts himself from Sam’s arms and stands. Wiping his wet face with his sleeve, he ascends the stairs two at a time, shouldering past Jack. Sam sighs, brushing his hands across his thighs before unfolding his tall frame and joining Jack at the top of the stairs. “I’m sorry,” he says, as he watches grief crumple up Jack’s youthful features. He wraps his arms around his son and holds him close.
Getting his suspicion confirmed is like a dagger to the heart. Sam can tell that there is more, that there is something
Sometimes Dean loves his perceptive, nerdy, pain-in-the-arse little brother more than words can say. He swallows thickly. “Yeah.” is all he can mange in response before the line goes dead.
He knows he’ll be paying for the radio silence later. They are in the middle of the mother of all apocalypses and despite what happened just a short while ago, he is perfectly aware that the only excuse to go AWOL on Sam now is being dead himself.
, smiling at him like dying to save him was the biggest privilege anyone could ask for.
“But that’s just it, Sam. He
Dean wipes his snotty nose on the sleeve of his shirt, sniffling. When he continues, he is talking to the floor. It seems to be either that or stay mute. “The deal was that the Empty would take Cass the moment he was truly happy.” Dean snorts. Sam frowns deeply, but makes every effort to hold himself back from commenting. The more Dean says, the less sense he is making. Had Cass been unhappy for all this time he had been living with them? Sam would have liked to think that the angel had found solace in being part of a family, in fatherhood, in having a home. It’s bewildering and painful to think that he had not been happy with them, not in the way that Sam would have thought.
Dean takes a deep breath. It doesn’t do anything against the hoarseness when he speaks. “Yeah, I know… Sam –“ but his throat seizes up and he falters. He just can’t say it. Sam waits patiently for him to continue. A second of silence stretches into two, three.
He doesn’t even have a body to bury this time. He can’t channel his grief into preparing a shroud, building a pyre, watching another mortal shell go up in flames. So, the sorrow gnaws at him, poking more and more holes into his façade through which more and more tears are streaming in an endless torrent. How is he supposed to move on from this, losing not only his best friend once again, but the love of his life?
Sam bursts into the bunker a while later, his eyes frantically scanning the room even as he thunders down the stairs, Jack in his wake. “Dean?” he calls. “Cass?”
It’s the sound of a broken heart.
They sit for a few minutes. Eventually, Sam does break the silence. As much as he wants to give his brother time to process their loss, they are still in the middle of the biggest boss fight of their lives. Many people close to them have died today, not just Cass. They can’t afford to miss any details, so Sam has to ask: “How…?”
But then something occurs to Sam, niggling at the back of his mind. He frowns. “Why now? I mean, if it could have gotten Cass anytime, why now?” The moment the words leave his mouth, Sam wants to take them back. Beside him, Dean crumples, folding over, head on his knees, a keening sob shaking his entire frame. Startled, Sam places a hand on his brother’s shoulder to comfort him, but gets shaken off immediately as Dean shoots upright again. “Don’t touch me,” he snarls, like a wounded animal caught in a trap.
“Dean!” Sam’s shocked voice bounces through the speaker. “Oh my god! Are you ok? I’ve been trying to reach your for hours.”
Jack chooses that moment to step into the opening at the top of the staircase. His eyes are wide, taking in the broken form of Dean, Sam hugging his brother to his side, and no Cass in sight. The kid swallows. “Cass is gone?”
Suddenly, Dean can’t stand it anymore. He breaks away from Sam, looking at his shoes. “Where’s Jack?” he asks, trying to sound casual,
“Dean?” Sam’s voice reverberates down the corridor.
“I… He…” the sentence dies. It is clear that Dean can’t speak. It is equally obvious that something must have happened to Cass. Sam pushes down the spike of pain in his gut. If Cass didn’t make it, he needs to keep it together for his remaining brother now.  He draws a shaky breath himself, digging for resolve.
his brother, has witnessed him at a few pretty low points in their lives, but something is new about this.
moment to let himself feel it.” Sam waits, watching Dean wipe a hand across his face from the corner of his eye, heart beating painfully in his tight chest. “That stupid angel. His happiness… He said –“ Dean draws another wet breath. “He said he
know.” Sam has no answer for that.
“She cornered us… in there.” He vaguely waves one hand down the corridor before it rejoins the other, hanging lifelessly between his knees. “I thought we were both –“ Dean’s voice cuts off on a shuddering inhale. “I thought we were both gonners for sure, but Cass… he…” He breaks off again, squeezing his eyes shut. Dean seems to struggle for a moment, searching for words to describe the events, but gives up after a few seconds. He exhales heavily. “Cass sacrificed himself to save me. He’s dead, Sam.”
to hear.
me.” There is dead silence in the pause. Sam’s inhale stalls in his lungs. “And that is what killed him.”
“Yeah, ok.” Sam nods. There is little conviction in his words, but he’s trying. “Like always,” he agrees. Another truth.
hiding under these simple words, but he chooses not to push, can’t push. His head sinks forward, suddenly heavy with grief.
“Dean,” Sam tries cautiously, “you know I’m so sorry about Cass. He was my brother, too. But I still don’t understand. What happened to him?”
Dean can hear Jack in the background now, garbled and tinny, asking what’s going on. Sam sighs, clearly bone-tired. “Just sit tight. We’ll be there soon.”
knew.
Together, they stand. The change in position seems to stir something in Dean. He glances at the room, his eyes lingering for a moment on the wall at the far end. Then he’s moving with Sam, faster than anticipated, almost as if he is trying to escape the room. Sam rolls with it. If Dean wants to put distance between himself and 7B, that’s fine.
Door 7B is wide open. His heart skips a beat. There are many reasons Dean and Cass could be down here, in the archives or the interrogation room beyond, he tells himself. They wouldn’t have heard him calling from all the way up in the War Room. But Sam has learned to trust his instincts, and they tell him that something is not right.
bare-bones version of events. He might tell Sam more than just that Cass sacrificed himself to save Dean’s life. Something else might slip out, words that Dean is not ready for, feelings that he is only now beginning to consciously process.
The end
He puts a cautious arm around Dean’s shoulders. This time, he is not shaken off. Leaning his head against Dean’s temple, he searches for comforting words. “He knew,” he tries quietly. “Cas knew you loved him right back. I mean,
Dean hears Sam take a shuddering breath. In the sudden quiet, he can distinguish the even thrumming of the car engine from the line static. Sam is on the move.
find, but he knows that whatever there is to see, he doesn’t want Jack to stumble into it. After all, Jack’s only three and has had enough trauma for one day.
Suddenly, it’s important to make Sam understand, to draw the line between the different qualities of their grief. It’s selfish and petty, but it’s all Dean has left.
Sam is stunned speechless, but in Dean, finally getting those words out seems to have broken the dam holding back the flood. He’s talking fast now. “He was in love with me, Sam, for all those years, and he said he thought it was something he couldn’t have, so it wasn’t a happy state. But then he realised that it was not about what he could or couldn’t have. What made him happy was… just the state of…
There is nothing. Not a single item appears to be out of place. There are no signs of a struggle visible from his position in the War Room, but he doesn’t feel placated.
was worth dying for.” Dean tears up again, staring at Sam with pleading eyes.
Somehow, that simple platitude – however sincere Sam might be – settles Dean a little. He sighs. “Yeah. I know you are… and you know I’m sorry about Eileen, too, for all that it’s worth.”
He is startled when Dean gives a bark of humourless laughter steeped in so much bitterness that it curdles his blood. “Remember the Empty has beef with Billie? Cas figured that it was the only thing that could keep her occupied long enough to... And you know what that dumb angel did?” Dean stops for breath.
It takes him a few seconds to spot Dean on the floor, curled up against the wall, the heels of his hands pressed into his eyes. There are wet splatters on the ground, but it doesn’t look like blood so Sam ignores the liquid. What immediately catches his eye, though, is the red hand-print on his brother’s shoulder, which most certainly
Probably not. And no matter what he has lost, he still has Sam, and his little brother might need him right now. So when the phone rings again, he picks up.
Five, he
. And
“Sammy?” Dean’s voice emerges muffled and hoarse from behind the hands still hiding his face. A wet exhale follows, the sob muted with what seems like great effort as Dean’s shoulders tense. Sam tries to shift him upright and his brother relaxes into the support a moment later, like a deflated blow-up doll. He doesn’t resist the manoeuvring at all. When he is mostly vertical, sitting against the wall, Dean scrubs his palms across his face, as if he can push the tears back through is skin if he presses hard enough. He gives up a second later, letting his hands sink.
Castiel had just waved off Jack and his mother, Kelly, when he heard that voice for the first time. Turning around, he found a rather handsome man standing a few feet away, casually observing the interaction that just took place.
speaks, I’m not a fucking animal.”
“Dean.” The confession was quiet, but not at all thoughtless, nor uncalculated. “My human name is Dean.”
How having Dean around made him feel.
“Yeah!” Ash heartily agreed. “Come on, we’ll take you to him!”
Cas nodded.
“That wasn’t talking! We just said “goodnight” to each other and slept!” Cas flinched; he didn’t sleep at all last night. Dean must’ve thought the flinch was due to the raised tone, so he lowered it again. “Sorry.”
Castiel had been in the closet once already (they were on their second round), and the sheer anxiety he felt due to not knowing if he was going to get Dean was insane. You can imagine how big his sigh of relief was when Balthazar stumbled through instead, half drunk, taking up all 7 minutes by rambling on about some hot girl he hooked up with recently.
“Hello, Dean.”
It was only when they were returning to shore, tired but happy, that the human male realised his injury didn’t hurt at all. In fact, when Cas ran his fingers over where the wound should be, all he felt was the barest of scar tissue.
“Someone sounds grumpy,” the angel commented, his head resting on Dean's lap as they both lounged on the couch. “Don’t you like it?”
“Ass.” Dean chuckled and shook his head. “Dammit, Cas, we were worried. I was worried. I honestly thought…” Dean didn’t let himself finish that thought, and instead looked away for a moment, lips pressed tightly together. “I’m just happy you’re ok.”
“The students were talked to, of course, but we believe children should learn to stand up for themselves. It doesn’t do well for them to complain all the time and expect their problems to be solved for them.”
Dean dared to pull Cas closer, just a little, surprised that there was no resistance from the angel. Cas, in turn, tucked his head in the crook of Dean’s neck, and the two settled into each other.
Castiel broke the surface of the ocean, coughing, spluttering. A pair of strong arms around his torso helped keep him afloat, and he could feel someone pressed against his back. He was alive.
“You’re not human at all, Dean.”
“I’m functional,” Cas replied. “Does that count?”
"I forgive you. Of course I forgive you."
Something tightened in Castiel’s throat as he stared at Dean, mouth slightly ajar, eyes searching for the barest sliver of a lie. There was none. Gently, almost as if Dean were a butterfly that would fly away at the slightest wrong movement, Cas cupped his face and pressed a tender kiss to the hunter’s forehead. Dean felt Cas’ lips move against his skin, as the angel murmured a few words in a strange tongue. The hunter smiled. He didn't have to understand the words to know what they meant.
“I see the morning coffee hasn’t tempered your wonderful mood.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, smiling at future Castiel Winchester. “Perfect fit.”
“But I did have help. I had you.”
“Oh ho! It speaks!”
“Oh no, I don’t think-”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on.
“Piss off, Sam.”
A bitter, broken success.
The fire was roaring beautifully in no time, but even so, Cas was too hungry to wait for the whole fish to cook. Raw fish wasn’t too bad, and it stopped him from essentially passing out during the cooking process. Dean stayed close by during the entire meal, generally leaving Castiel alone, but also silently checking in, as if he were afraid the human would actually pass out. It was appreciated, very much so, though Cas couldn’t help but think that Dean no longer owed him anything.
“And here I thought you did your research.”
“...So about that hot chocolate you left again-”
Neither men could stop smiling the whole car ride back, and by the time morning came around, they were both safely snuggled into the arms of one another. A pleasant experience, indeed.
“I love you.”
Some of his belongings had been taken by the storm, lost due to poor security. Castiel had to remind himself that they were just things, objects he could easily replace. It wasn’t as if he had much else to do.
It was an oath, sworn with different words at the altar, spoken in different languages with every look, every touch, every moment spent together. Does that mean they do everything together now? No, that suffocation wasn’t necessary. It was already more than enough the moment Dean had blurted out “I love you too.”
“Oh, and Cas?”
"I know, I know. You're worried about my recovery, and I should be using that magic for myself. But Cas, I'm fine. Really. Most of the burns are already gone." That, Castiel noted, was true. "Besides, you were in the water again. I didn't want to pass up the opportunity, and I didn't like seeing you in pain. You know, you've… you have a lot more to worry about above the water. I just wanted to make it a bit easier."
No matter how many times doubt crept into Castiel’s mind, he always managed to push it back down, thoroughly convincing himself that this was fine. It was steady. It was a lie.
Dean smirked and got into the driver’s seat of his Impala. The angel, meanwhile, rolled his eyes and slipped into the passenger seat.
“Excuse me?”
Cas nodded, hoping he would understand. Dean was already using his magic on Cas, keeping that one held breath lasting far longer than it should. That was more than enough.
They were absolutely, wonderfully, breathtaking.
"Pretty sure if I had wings right now, they'd be glowing," the hunter chuckled.
Unbeknownst to Dean, the mention of the bunker as his home brought a smile to Cas’ face. If only Dean knew, home wasn’t a place. It never was.
“Perhaps.”
Something in Dean’s tone made Cas look up. He blinked away the tears as much as he could, and found himself staring at Dean’s distraught face, as the man knelt in front of him. He knew that face. He knew just how much Dean’s throat closed up in that moment, and what kind of raw pain it would take to get that reaction in the first place. Cas just never imagined in his lifetime that he would be the source of it one day. Before Cas could process anything else, he was being pulled gently into a tight hug. At first he resisted, tensing his body and pushing himself away, but after a soft “please” from the Winchester, the blue eyed male finally fell against Dean’s body, holding him just as tightly as he cried into Dean’s chest.
“For you, I would make an exception. This is a promise I intend to keep.”
Dean closed his eyes as his lips touched Castiel’s. For a moment, he wondered if everything was a dream. When the touch became a kiss, every single doubt was washed away. He returned the affection passionately, pouring all of his love into the kiss. All those years of waiting, all coming to an end in the best way possible.
And that was it. The last piece of trust had fallen into place, just enough to push Castiel over one edge of the line he was walking. He made a vow right then and there.
“Shh. Just wait.”
Dean Winchester… whom Cas was deeply, madly, hopelessly in love with.
“Your magic and my willpower. I will make it, make dear.”
It all happened after a seemingly normal dinner. Cas had cooked pasta, as was their usual unofficial tradition on a Friday night. Dean volunteered to wash up, which left the other man to stow away any leftovers. Only, the simple task was taking a little longer than planned. Things had gotten worse. He couldn’t stop staring at Dean. Bit by bit every day, Castiel was losing control, and he wondered if maybe this was the night where it all just fell apart. Maybe… maybe that wouldn’t be so bad.
It was Castiel’s turn to blush, There was something about Dean’s awkward honesty that struck a positive chord within him. It was almost adorable.
“Hey, Cas?” Sam called out from the other side of the door. “Is Dean still with you?”
“It’s not as precise with merfolk,” Dean continued, “but even if we undergo a physical change, the memories are still there.”
What Cas didn't realise, however, is that what he was willing to give to Dean was, in fact, everything.
“I know, but as you said, you’ve stopped the bleeding.” The human inspected Dean’s wounds quickly, but carefully. What remained of Dean’s imprisonment was nasty, to say the least. Though there was no fresh bloodflow, the bruises alone suggested other serious injuries. They would take a long time to heal.
Oh no.
Dean, to his amazing credit, took care of Cas every step of the way. In between each session of magic per day, the merman would continuously fuss over the kelp wrappings, food, and the state of his lover. He tried to make Cas as comfortable as possible, and was heartbroken every time the efforts weren’t enough.
Thank you so much for reading the story so far, and I hope I see you for the finale :)
Take care!
“I said, no.” Cas made to walk away, but was stopped by Dean’s hand on his shoulder. Now the latter male looked more concerned than anything.
"Cat's out of the bag now, I guess."
If Castiel’s eyes were open, he would have seen Dean’s face burn like there was no tomorrow.
The request was soft, but Castiel would not resist it. Sea-born knuckles brushed against his cheek as eyes of blue met eyes of green.
After consuming the last of the water and fish at hand, Castiel set about making a sled of sorts, in the hopes that it would make carrying items easier. He needed to make a proper waterskin sometime in the near future, as well as a weapon. Or a few. One can never be too careful.
"Well yeah, hes like family." Dean replied.
Once Cas has a steady rhythm going, he adjusts himself to press against Dean's prostate on every pass and watches in wonder as Dean's head falls back against the pillow with a cry of pleasure. Dean's fingers are digging into his arms and Cas slides a hand down to wrap around Dean's hard cock.
"I didn't, I would never do that. I don't ever want anybody else. I love you so fucking much, you're it for me." Dean says with resolution.
Claire and Emma both look concerned for a second, but it passes quickly, and Dean is handing Emma money and they're heading out the door.
He's unsure at first, because it couldn't be what he thinks it is, but the longer he looks the longer he knows he's right.
The second their lips meet, it's like coming home. A warmth rushes through Cas, happiness singing in his veins.
Grabbing his seat, Dean laughed. "You think this looks good, you should try my burgers."
Once he was done with his tasks, he stood up and turned to Dean. Dean watched as Cas stared at him. He looked a little unsure, worried that Dean wouldnt like this.
"But it's been forever. And I miss hanging out with you."
"Something happened." Cas says. He knows Dean.
"It's cool man." Dean shrugs. "We can just, uh, reschedule or something. No biggie."
"I can take care of that, Dean" he said, nodding to the bulge straining against his jeans.
." The words are tumbling out, Dean too lost in it to even know what he's saying. "God, want you to fuck me Cas. Wanna feel you inside me. Come on me, mark me, wanna feel it.
He mentally shakes himself out of it, and nods toward the girls who have settled at the kitchen table. "Kids. The second your back is turned, the true snark comes out."
The hurt and sadness is overpowering him again, and he let's it wash through him for half the drive. After that, he pushes it down and let's himself be angry. Anger is good, it doesn't hurt so much.
"No, no, I am. This is very nice. I just..." What is he supposed to say? Sorry, my ex from seventeen years ago is randomly back in my life and my daughter is at his house with his daughter and I told him I was going on a date and he looked like he wanted to cry, and oh by the way I think I'm still in love with him. Yeah, he doesn't think that'll go over well. "I'm just distracted today is all. My daughter is at a sleepover for the first time and I guess I'm just a little worried." There, not the truth but not completely a lie.
When his gaze flits over to Dean, he's sure his emotions are plain on his face. Dean takes one look at him, and turns to Claire with a forced smile. "I've got some work to do, actually. But Emma can go if she wants. If that's okay with Cas."
The long lonely days of an empty apartment seem like so long ago, with Dean's large personality filling the spaces now. Asking Dean to come stay with him had been a spur of the moment, not thought out plan, but it's been the best thing he could've done.
"Oh yeah, there's no getting away from that at this age."
It's damn nice of Cas to ask first, and it makes Dean feel warm inside that Cas paid enough attention to him tonight to get a feel for what he likes. "Go for it." Dean says, nodding behind the bar.
The feelings Dean had, he couldnt explain them. When he looked at Cas, he could feel this pulling in his chest. Something hed never felt before.
Dean turned back to the desk, set the glass down, and poured another half glass. "Why?" He asked.
"Cas" Dean breathes out when Cas' hand runs softly up over his cock, now fully hard. Cas presses a kiss to the back of his neck, and wraps his hand around Dean, and Dean grinds back against Cas, eliciting a soft moan into his neck.
"Theres nothing to be scared of" Cas whispered. In his head, he knew what it was. He thought hed lost Dean. He finally admitted his feelings, and then he almost lost him, again. But not being able to control his body, that was new to him.
"What the hell! Why didn't you tell me?"
Once he hangs up, he stares at the phone for a minute before scrolling through his contacts and hitting send. Sam picks up after only two rings. "Cas?"
"Well, it's customary for the person who asked for the date to pick up the other person at their house. But since I live here, I thought your room would suffice." Cas replied.
A lead weight settles in Dean's stomach as Cas turns to push Michael back, and Dean let's the flower fall from his hand while trying to suppress the overwhelming urge to cry.
Once he's satisfied, Cas pulls back and looks at his work. "You're mine." He growls, before sealing their lips together again. He can feel a shudder go through Dean's body against his, and another wave of arousal shoots downwards.
Cas looked around. "Class? Dean, theres no-" he looked back at Dean's face, shaking his head. "Nevermind. I... I'd like to surprise you, if that's okay."
"Theres a next part?" Dean asked, turning to look at him.
A shower was first, and Cas made it a long one, hoping the scalding water would wash away some of his unwanted feelings.
"Where are you going?" Dean asked.
Cas nods, and Dean can see a blush light up Cas' cheeks now. "Yes, I do."
During the drive back to the bunker, all Dean kept thinking was 'what the fuck am I gonna say to Cas?' By the time he pulled Baby into the garage, he still had no answers.
"Have a good day, Beloved" Cas says, voice rough with sleep.
"I'm sure he did. Your brother may not have been happy, but he's not neglectful." Cas replied.
"Sure." Dean said, digging his keys out of his pocket and handing them over. Dean climbed into the passenger seat as Cas slid in the driver's side, and started the car.
"Cas?" Dean said, furrowing his brow. He felt his heart start to pound in his chest, getting faster by the second.
After twenty minutes are up, he gives himself ten more, then forces himself up, and downstairs to make coffee and eat something.
Cas sits down, and the girls are just staring at him for a minute before Claire says "good morning, dad" almost like a question.
"It's alright?" Dean asks, and he looks a little sheepish.
Cas looked up at Dean as he gripped the elastic band and pulled slowly, just enough to release Dean's hard cock from its confines.
"Yes, I caught your speech" Cas says with a smirk.
"Alright. Sorry." Dean stated, then turned back into the hallway. He walked down it, turning corners, until he reached the room he'd made into their sudo livingroom. It had a big flat screen TV on a stand on the left wall, a long couch along the right wall, and a soft recliner straight ahead facing the TV. Dean grabbed the remote, and sat on the far end of the couch, closer to the chair.
When Emma opens her gift, she's as delighted as he'd hoped she'd be. It's a 50 inch smart tv, to replace the old one that's probably not even 30 inches that she's had in her room as long as Dean can remember.
Cas growled. Watching Dean touch himself, watching himself disappear into Dean's hot wet mouth over and over again, it was too much.
"Im pretty sure you have appendicitis." He says, and she just nods from her bent over position. "Alright, I need you girls to move this stuff out of the way so I can get her out of here." He says. "Emma, run downstairs and grab my phone off the coffee table, and my shoes from by the door."
Cas smiled "yeah, that probably wouldn't be a bad idea."
The drive back to the bunker was a quiet one, both men lost in their own thoughts.
Minutes later, a redheaded woman approaches their table. "Is there anything else I can get for you?" She asks. She's smiling, but Dean can read people well enough to know she's pissed and is putting on a good face.
Once he swallows he asks "where on earth did you get this?"
Their kid...
After a minute of staring at each other, Dean closes the door and looks away.
Pressing a smile into Dean's neck, Cas let's the warm feeling from those words fill him. "Yes, I'd enjoy that very much" he says, and when Dean looks at him with such fondness in his eyes, Cas knows he's completely done for.
Dean released his hand from Cas' hair, and moved it to his back, slowly rubbing.
Dean pulled his face back a little, desperate to catch a breath.
Cas is just standing there, looking at Dean with heartache written on his face, and it fucking hurts so much.
"I'm fine." Dean says, even though it does hurt. "Don't worry, I've had worse."
Gulping down air, he braced his hand on the building. The buzz from the liquor was fading, probably due to the adrenaline, and he realized what he'd done.
Cas eyes Dean, to see if he's lying to cover for her, and when he sees he isn't, he apologizes.
"No" Dean said loudly. "Please leave Sammy."
Dean is woken up at fucking six o'clock in the morning the next day, and he's not exactly pleased about it, but he can't be upset. By the time they got home and got to bed, it was almost one, and he couldn't fall asleep due to all the thoughts swirling around in his head, so he's gotten very little sleep.
