"No time for your forked tongue, Mother," Crowley said, crossing the room and brushing a hand along her restraints. They burst open, and Rowena dropped to the ground in a spill of black silky fabric. "We're in need of your insidious skill set."
"Yes." Now he smiled, finally. "I visited Bobby shortly after arriving in heaven. I knew he would want to be caught up on everything that had happened with you and Sam."
Dean laughed harshly at that. "Yeah, I just bet they fucking do." He bumped their shoulders together. "Why waste your time on them, man? Just stay on this side of the fence. You know, the fun side."
that ran along his nerves, "Thanks for that." The man's mouth quirked in the faintest simulacrum of a smile, his chin dipping down in acknowledgement, and Dean lunged forward with the knife. He moved quickly, not bothering to hide his intent or hold anything back: the guy had left himself wide open. The knife sank in to the hilt, and the dude didn't so much as blink, and this time Dean was close enough to check. He backed away, glancing at the silver cat; it was standing stiff-legged beside the man, staring emptily up at Dean. He called Prosper and Delia off with a motion of his hand; he wasn't sure anymore that the thing was even a dæmon. It seemed more like a doll, or a puppet.
Castiel huffed a laugh. "You're teasing me." He had rarely been teased before, or at least, teased in a way that he understood. It was a relief, to know that they could be something other than serious with one another. He lifted his dæmon up, looking him over, inspecting him for the first time under clear unvarnished light.
"Yeah, never mind," Dean said, with a sharp, huffed laugh. He stared at Castiel, the hard edge gone from his gaze. Castiel didn't recognize the glint that had taken its place. "Hey," Dean said, oddly quiet.
"There's a guest room," Sam answered. "And you know you can stay here as long as you want. But seriously, it's right down the road and I think you'd like it. There's this big field, and a bunch of birch trees lining a creek." He shrugged. "Just saying. You should take a look sometime."
"Ours, you mean," Dean said, throwing an arm around Cas' shoulder and hauling him along to the table. He didn't want it anyway; he still wanted the same things he'd always wanted. Long, sun-drenched days, endless open roads and a home to come back to, Sammy and family and Cas.
The lioness leapt again. Lucifer had not forgotten her; he threw a wave of grace at her that rippled with enough surplus of force to make the earth tremble violently beneath Castiel's feet. Yet it hardly deterred her, only seemed to stall her for a breath as she closed in, forcing Lucifer to repel her again, extending his hand to guide his grace in a spearing attack that threw her away from him, sending her crashing back into the trees.
"It means, Sam had a long, fulfilling life on earth. It was imperfect, of course, and he was often very lonely, even when surrounded by friends and family, but he was happy, Dean. He had many years of peace, of healing. Something that you did not get the chance to experience."
No, Dean didn't. What was the big rush, anyway? Didn't he have a mind-numbing amount of time to kill? So what if he spent the next decade or two mowing the damn grass?
"Cas," Sam repeated insistently, staring at Dean. "Cas who literally offered to die with you when you went to confront Amara." He huffed a disbelieving breath. "I'm pretty sure he likes you back, Dean."
Michael looked at them, his gaze impersonal and cold. Then he looked up, the air creaking and rustling with the faint sound of spreading wings, and -
It was midday when he woke back up. Sam was snoring softly in the nearby armchair, Temperance perched on the back with her head tucked into her feathers. Dean's hand was buried in something perfectly soft and warm; he shuffled his face to the edge of the couch and glared at his traitorous limb where it was clutching Prosper's coat. He let go and swung himself upright, digging his knuckles in against his eyes. He didn't hear her, didn't look at her, but he knew Prosper was awake now too, and standing beside him.
"Huh. Yeah." Dean could get that. It had always been freaky as fuck, watching that little silver cat trailing along beside Castiel, always silent, always blank. Seeing Paola roll around in Jimmy's lap as he tore into a burger, purring and opinionated and so alive, it was almost impossible to believe that they could have actually consented to being used as a vessel.
"The angels that I served with are being killed," Cas said impatiently. "So I will put up with Ishim, I will put up with everything else, and so will you. I have to go." He shoved his hip up against Dean's, annoyingly strong and insistent, making liberal use of that same bony elbow, and Dean gave in and moved out of his way. Not like he had ever been able to stop the guy before.
Months later, Bobby poured a measure of whiskey into a conveniently empty glass, then held it out to Dean, pulling him away from his helpless pacing around the panic room and Sam's bed.
It almost felt like muscle memory, like long habit, but that wasn't right, because Dean sure as hell had never done this, whatever
"I don't like Amara," Prosper said suddenly, as they walked down the hall. Dean laughed, short and sharp. She'd been holding that one in for months.
"Yeah, turning us into one of them," she said savagely. "Thanks, but I'd rather stick with the rack."
A loud crack from behind had Castiel turning. Lucifer had thrown Michael against a tree hard enough to splinter it, and now the tree was falling, creaking and snapping, its roots half-ripped from the earth, as Michael stood back up, the lioness pacing at his side. Lucifer, emanating red, renewed the attack, using his wings to lend him speed, his grace to strike out at unexpected quarters.
"What did those memories do to you, huh? What did they do to Cas? We really want to send that guy into battle against Lucifer?"
"If we can believe anything he said at all. Which we can't, because angels aren't real." They stared at each other, united.
"You bet your ass we're gonna talk about it later," Dean said grimly as they pulled up to Sam's house. Sam sighed, like Dean was the one being ridiculous and sketchy as shit right now, and opened the door. "Sam, wait."
"When he's not around to hear it?" Prosper asked. Castiel turned around to look at her. He nodded, incapable of speech. "But he is here, Cas. He's you."
"That and they had their own problems," Charlie added. "I mean, you know what was going on. There were so few of them left, they were mostly worried about keeping the lights on." She tilted her head, gesturing toward Ash. "We were seriously debating whether or not we should break into their offices and offer to help out."
"Like you can talk. You won't even look at the kid." They had stepped outside to escape Bobby's glower and Delia's grim silence.
"Welcome back," Dean said, no longer bothering to look at him, much less meet his eyes. He brushed past Castiel with Prosper at his side.
"We ain't fighting him," Dean said. "We're grabbing him and Kelly, and we're running." He let go of Prosper, started slowly pacing the room, incapable of standing still, despite his injured leg. "That's all we got. We just gotta buy some time."
"You were displeased with how easy it was to maintain your home," Jack said, all simple and chirrupy as he parroted Dean's own stupid thoughts back to him. "You wanted a challenge, and then you distinctly remembered a conversation you had with Sid at a party you and Lisa had gone to. He was complaining about a mole in his yard." His smile faded again, in slow motion this time, as he looked at Dean. "Did I do something wrong?" He asked.
"You're not happy," Jack said, staring at him with that mildly direct gaze of his. "Did I not get the beer right?"
So, if he was being completely honest, Cas ended up being part of the reason that Dean finally decided to make himself a house. That and the fact that Sam had been right. It really was the perfect spot. Dean started dropping by every couple of days, walking along the prairie and under the trees hugged up along the water, taking it in, imagining himself there, the house he might build. Something with a low profile, something that wouldn't get in the way of the view. Maybe it would be mostly underground, like...like home had been.
"No," Castiel said forcefully. "Never." He looked away, his jaw clenching, then resumed walking, Constant held before him on his wrist. "If I hadn't acted, they would have killed me, and we would both be dead."
Temperance spoke from her perch on Sam's knee. "You're in our corner, right, Cas?" She and Sam were both watching Castiel, Sam with a darting, guilty expression, Temperance steady and unblinking.
"So you're freaking out," Prosper said on his other side. Castiel glanced at her from the corner of his eye.
"So it's true? People can leave?" Dean leaned away, dragging a hand across his jaw. "Holy crap, dude. How does that even work? Souls gotta put a request in with the office? Get some sort of travel permit?"
"I'm gonna go now, 'cause you said you wanted to take it slow." He said it like it was an accusation, even as he backed toward the door. "So. Just wanted to point out that you're the one who said that."
"How 'bout we test it right now," Dean said. He jerked a thumb over his shoulder, toward the table. "Got your favorite. PB&J with a kick. Also, gotta shake the dust off our movie nights."
"Nothing, man." Dean couldn't even remember what he had been thinking about, he was that damn happy to see the kid. He stepped forward and clapped Jack on the shoulder, gave him a little shake. "How've you been, huh? You got some time?"
"Hold on, wait, wait, wait," Dean interrupted. "You're seriously talking about opening the cage? Lucifer's cage?" Sam nodded, barely glancing away from where he and Rowena were staring at each other.
"You touched us, when we found you," Viridius said. "When you touched us, you knew us, as intimately as only God can know us."
"Night." Sam opened the door, closed it gently behind them. Dean groaned and dropped his head into his hands, scrubbing his palms hard across his face.
- the way the skunk dæmon heard and smelled her seconds too late, the hoarse whistling shriek it made before her teeth closed down on it. Further back, one of the other ghouls cried out in distress as she whipped her head sharply back and forth, then both their cries ceased and the skunk dæmon disintegrated against her tongue and -
"You know," Ishim said, tearing open a sugar packet and pouring it into his cup, "when I knew Castiel, he was a soldier." He picked up another packet, shook it back and forth in his hand. "He was a warrior. He was an angel's angel. Now look how far he's fallen."
It wasn't fucking fair, that Dean couldn't talk to him anymore. Couldn't hear him, hoarse-voiced and too honest, couldn't admire the dark shine of him, or be surprised by the silken, creaking snap of his wings. He hated remembering it, the jolt that had gone through him the first time they spoke, the first time he saw him. The handful of times that Connie had perched on his wrist or shoulder. Dean didn't want to think about Connie.
"Well, you're a resident in my slice of the pie," Dean said firmly. He clapped Cas on the back and forced himself to let go, clearing his throat and avoiding Cas' gaze by making a show of straightening his crooked tie, the crumpled line of his coat. "You seen Sammy yet? Or Mom?"
"You mean if he had been the one in, what, five million or whatever that it actually happens to?" Dean asked, loading his words up with sarcasm.
Castiel didn't see the blow land, turned away from him as Lucifer was. But its effects were immediate.
Two hunters, a prophet, an angel and a demon all bug out together to an abandoned cabin, crammed into a car like a bunch of clowns. Dean didn't want to know the punch line for that one.
If Cas were here, Dean would be back in fighting form, and leading the charge with six feet of smiting power at his side. He would have Mom and Sammy behind him, watching their backs, and Crowley front and center so Dean could keep an eye on the slick son of a bitch. But Cas wasn't here. Dean had no idea where he was, or what he might be thinking.
Cas dropped his hand from Dean's shoulder, turning toward the library, and Dean caught on to him by his belt-loop, halting his motion. Cas glanced down at the hand at his waist, then up at Dean.
"Yes," Castiel said, drawing his hand back. "Of course." He offered his wrist to Constant, lifted him to his shoulder. They watched Dean stand up, tossing bills onto the table beside his half-eaten burger. "Let me know if I can be of any help."
Dean stared at the back of her head. There was a niggling feeling in his chest, like maybe he could laugh, but odds were on that turning hysterical, so he ignored it. Instead he crossed his arms and kicked her with his foot, half aggressive, half teasing. "You're a freak, you know that?"
"Oh, totally," Adam said in easy agreement. "Michael's been smiting shit since, like, the beginning of time, and I've never fought anyone before in my life. Never shot a gun, never owned anything more dangerous than a pocketknife." He gave a one-shouldered shrug, startlingly similar to the gesture Sam often employed. "But it's cool. We're not too worried about it."
Dean turned away, shaking the towel out, hanging it along the porch rail. He didn't know how long it took an angel to search the universe for his God-son, but he figured it'd be a bit. Plenty of time to stop by Sam's, try and have an actual conversation now that he knew everything and had some time to calm down a bit. Or not talk about anything at all. But first...
The whole thing could have probably gone worse, but Dean wasn't imaginative enough to work out how. He winked and flashed the waitress his patented grin, ordered a slice of pie for both himself and Sam, and all he heard was the sound of Pamela and her dæmon screaming as their eyes caught fire right in front of him.
"Are you okay?" She asked. Cas' brow furrowed, like he didn't understand the question. "You seem strung out," Prosper elaborated.
, Castiel thought, recalling Paz's wishes. He had asked Castiel to name her Juniper, when she appeared. Castiel held her to him, an immeasurable combination of reflex and natural inclination. Her eyes were a clear, simple blue now, as were Jack's, Castiel noted, when he looked up to find him standing before him. Castiel lifted his arm, uncertain how to proceed, and Jack stepped into him, wrapping his arms around him and squeezing tightly.
Dean turned his head away, but couldn't stop his eyes from sliding back, watching Prosper stare up at Castiel, her head lowering, her ears pricked cautiously forward. Cas spread his fingers wide, and set a flat palm along Prosper's ribs, and Dean -
"What's it look like?" He stepped past her, heading to the woodpile. "He fucking vanished. The Leviathan tore him apart. There's nothing else to burn."
"Nope," Jo said cheerfully. "We'll save that one for tomorrow night." Ellen sighed, then smiled grimly, and the three of them tipped their glasses together in resolute silence.
Castiel stood, his wings bent and broken, constraining him to the most basic dimensions of movement, even as his awareness stretched endlessly out.
"Yeah, well, fucking tough," Dean snapped, wheeling back around. "He doesn't get time, or am I the only one here who remembers Dick's plan to freaking eat people?" He jabbed a finger at the space in front of his feet, like the force of the gesture might be enough to pin an angel to the earth.  "I need him here and back in the game, now." Sam sighed and looked away, exchanging a tired glance with Temperance, so Dean turned on Prosper. "And what's your deal? Maybe if you had talked to him, I don't know, at all, then we could've convinced him to pull his head out of his ass."
But that had been one night. Since then, Dean had obtained the Mark of Cain and the First Blade, and Castiel had regained his powers and his (admittedly dubious) standing among his brethren. Dean had died and subsequently been brought back by the Mark as a demon, and Castiel had been forced to consume the grace of yet another angel to stave off death. Dean and Prosper were still battling the influence of the Mark, fighting to retain themselves, and Castiel and Constant were still caught somewhere between existences, no longer human, not quite an angel. So perhaps it should not seem so strange that Dean no longer offered his wrist or shoulder to Constant, as he had that night, surprising Constant with the easy intimacy of the gesture, the depth of trust that it demonstrated. Perhaps is shouldn't feel so wrong for him to continuously rebuff Castiel's covert attempts to reclaim some measure of the closeness they had shared that night, looking away, or changing the subject, or deliberately misunderstanding. They were both far removed from the beings they had been.
The man turned around. His dæmon, a stout, barrel-chested dog, looked up from where she had been dozing at the man's feet. "Excuse me?" The man said.
"Sorry," Sam muttered, his smile slipping a few degrees. "But, seriously you guys, he said he'd be back soon."
"Would he still be your brother?" She asked. That one hit him right where she'd aimed it, straight through the heart. "If I wasn't here, do you think Sam would still love you?"
"Dean," Cas said fiercely, and then Prosper was lost in the tangle of their legs as they embraced, something in Cas' stance growing tighter, clutching harder, while something in Dean's stance simultaneously loosened. "Dean," Cas said again. "You're alive?" He pushed back to look at them both.
Another demonic swarm descended on the building, the glass windows cracking under the force of their arrival, and from behind him, more quickly than Castiel had anticipated, Crowley spoke.
"Well, yeah. You remember what Uriel called us. Mud monkeys." See, this was the problem with being honest, with letting himself feel what Prosper felt. Grief had teeth and claws, and Dean had willingly dropped all his defenses.
, and it didn't have a damn thing to do with Dean and Prosper, or any of the things they had told him, that he had told them, barely a day ago. Come to that, it didn't have anything to do with the years they had known each other, loved each other, because yes, damn it, Dean loved him and he knew that Cas had loved them too. No, it had to do with the unborn nephilim in Kelly's stomach.
"Right, right, we had just watched that show..." He stared at Mary's face for a moment longer, then dropped the photo and picked up another. "Man, look at Sammy's hair in this one."
And that was the thing. Since the day they had been thrown into Purgatory, waking at Castiel's terse command to find themselves surrounded by monstrous scavengers, she and Dean hadn't fought over anything. Not a single decision, not once.
"Okay, fine." Dean drummed his hand against Baby's hood. Driver's choice, then, just the way it should be.
Castiel sighed, his eyes dragging shut as if his lids were weighed down wth iron bars. The light in April's bathroom was soft and muted. Soothing. He was still cold, his damp skin goosefleshing in reaction to the forced circulation that kept the interior air fresh and nondescript. Castiel thought that smell was perhaps his least favorite sense. The muggy miasma of rot and wet refuse, the stench produced by his own body. And yet, these were still preferable to smell of all the varied foods he couldn't afford to purchase. He was very hungry, and very tired, and Constant wanted to leave the most welcoming refuge they had been offered thus far.
Emanuel looked between them, puzzled as to what Meg could find so humorous about his marriage, and why she would choose to tease Dean over it. Perhaps Dean was considering marriage. Or perhaps Meg was flirting with Emanuel in order to attract Dean's interest. Emanuel hesitated, then gave in to his curiosity, shifting his vision and blinking in astonishment as the world became suffused in filaments of light. Dust hung in heavy opalescent curtains around Dean and his dæmon, more densely concentrated about their person than Emanuel had ever before witnessed. What could it mean, Emanuel wondered, watching Dean's dæmon prick her ears and tilt her head down, Dust scattering out in response to the subtle motion, then slowly resettling around her. It spoke to the strength and brilliance of their soul, surely, to attract such quantities of Dust. It also suggested that there might be a great destiny laid upon them, a higher purpose guiding their life. Emanuel turned in his seat to look at Meg and her dæmon.
"Okay, Samantha," Dean scoffed, looking away, because even in heaven he wasn't capable of returning that kind of immediate honesty the way that Sam deserved. He should probably work on that.
"Speak for yourself, old lady." And they went on teasing each other, leaving Dean and Prosper to follow behind with Cas. Dean and Prosper didn't say anything to each other, didn't share so much as a significant look, but they felt it all the same, a pulse of sudden certainty traveling between them. Benny and Evangeline may be a vampire, they may at one time have been the sort of monster that Dean and Prosper exterminated without remorse, but they were more than that now. The rarest thing in existence.
Castiel had barely removed the lid before his grace was flowing out, returning to him as inexorably as a wave to the ocean. Or perhaps Castiel was the wave, had simply taken a different shape for one perfect moment.
it all, just as much as Dean. And after everything they had gone through recently, meeting God (actually, finding out that they had met God years ago) and then thinking,
Dust gathered beside them, nebulous and tremoring at first, then quickly condensing golden and substantial. Bobby's eyes flew open, he took a soft, grunting breath as Delia coalesced into being at his side. They stared at Castiel, then each other.
"You think they did something?" Prosper asked, sitting beside the open car door and keeping a lookout on a whole lot of nothing while Dean hotwired the car. "Sammy and Temper."
"Why?" He asked suspiciously. But he glanced behind her, toward the library, because he already knew.
"You're welcome to try your luck, lads," Crowley said with that faint, smarmy smile of his. "But be careful how you approach a king."
"What?" He asked harshly. She had something that she had been wanting to say for a while now, he could feel it.
"Never do that again," he ordered, harsh-voiced and angry, drawing himself up so that the entirety of his being could be felt behind the command.
A moment alone in Dean's room. More than enough time to take the Colt. Fulfillment of purpose had never tasted so bitter, or felt so near defeat. "Thank you," Castiel managed to say. They started to turn away, and Castiel knew he should let them go, knew that every moment he spent here was another moment that Dagon and Kelly Kline might change locations. But he still spoke. "Wait. Prosper."
It was terrible, to watch black smoke pour itself down a person's mouth, surrounding and consuming their dæmon, swallowing them from both inside and out. When possessed, a person and their dæmon were completely under the demon's control, so much so that the possessing dæmon could alter their shape. But at least the victim was still struggling, somewhere beneath. A hopeless struggle, but something.
Dean stopped in front of the woodpile, his head dropping down. "What're we gonna do with it, then?" He asked, hoarse-voiced. "What the hell am I supposed to do with, with any of it?"
Coming up on their trail, the first thing she saw was Dean's back, the rolling prowl of his walk. He glanced over his shoulder at her, his teeth flashing sharp and white out of his begrimed face. "Got a little something stuck there," he said, gesturing to the carcass hanging from her mouth. He stopped walking, shifting to the side to make a space for her next to him and revealing Castiel, who had also stopped and turned around.
"Cas, buddy," Dean said, smirking, folding his arms and cocking a hip out, "no one enjoys dinner as much as I do." That got him another fond uptick of the mouth.
Benny insisted that they were close to the seam, but Prosper couldn't detect any difference. The terrain seemed the same as the rest of Purgatory, rough and heavily wooded, pitted with sharp inclines and deep depressions. But if Benny said they were close, then they must be close. Which meant that this was (hopefully) their last night in Purgatory; by this time tomorrow they would be home.
"Perhaps you're right." He was a servant of the Lord, certainly. He didn't know his own face, but he knew this. "However, I don't know what He wants of me."
He couldn't even get angry at her, not when he had to fight off the same feeling. "Well, don't. Bobby'll find something. Or Cas will."
"Just follow my lead, okay?" Fuck, he wanted to stab something. It was for Prosper as much as it was for Cas and Constant, all this forced fucking cheeriness. She had been miserable since they agreed to trick Sammy into saying yes to Ezekiel, since finding and purposefully losing Cas. And now the latest news: no reversing the spell, no sticking the angels back where they belonged, and apparently Cas and Constant were so unhappy that they were attracting heaven's mercy killers. He shoved it down, back to Prosper, and nodded at Cas as he approached the car. "Where to, Cas?"
"It's not a matter of 'if', it's a matter of 'when.' And what will we do in a year, or in ten years, when Metatron's grace also fades? Kill another angel? Allow desperation to dictate our decisions? I won't let you go any further down this road, Castiel. The first time the angels forced your hand, the second time Crowley took the decision from us. Now we justify it by claiming that Metatron deserves no better, that the world would be better served if we took his grace for ourselves. What will we try to justify next?"
"I had to," he answered. "It was my only chance." His face was nearly expressionless, his eyes watchful and remote. He stood unflinchingly straight-backed, uncowed and unwounded.
"Well," he croaked out, after he managed to wrangle his voice back under some semblance of control, "guess we have some stuff to talk about, don't we?"
"So, uh." Dean cleared his throat, drummed his hands against the back of the chair. "It was okay?" Sam glanced over at him, raised a questioning brow. "Your life?" Dean elaborated.
Dean turned around and glared at Prosper. "Really?" He snatched his beer glass off the table, swallowed the remnants and set it back down with a thunk. "What the hell was that?"
"Just so we're clear," Dean said, because he was pathetic, "I don't make a habit of going around holding hands with other guys." He fiddled nervously with Cas' fingers, curling them up and pulling them straight again. Where the hell was Prosper when he needed her? Off somewhere with Constant, wandering around and talking, probably making a hell of a lot more sense than he was at the moment.
It wasn't bad, for a first kiss. There were a lot of firsts going on at the moment. His first time kissing an angel, for one, or at least, an angel with any mojo. And hey, Cas wasn't using said mojo to irradiate Dean's face, so that was a good start. Also his first time kissing a dude, and Dean was mostly just surprised to realize that the scratch of stubble wasn't putting him off any. Actually, it was kind of hot; a rough, scraping accompaniment to the feel of warm, pillowy lips. And the way Cas jerked with surprise, then went still, then made a soft, grumbling, loving sort of sound against Dean's lips, well.
"They had those little hand-held ones," Sam answered, handing Dean one of the smaller bags. "One apple, one cherry."
"But, for right now." Dean looked at Prosper, conferring silently. He nodded and stood up, releasing Castiel's hand. Prosper jumped down from the bed to stand beside him. "We're gonna go check on Sammy and Temper. Give you a minute."
Dean assumed that it was some far-flung storm cloud that had caught Cas' attention now. He started to lift his hand away, his mind cycling back to the bare metal frame currently sitting in his driveway, when the sudden press of Cas' shoulder stalled him. He glanced back over at him; Cas was still staring out at nothing, his jaw set all tense and square. The weight against Dean's shoulder increased.
"Yeah, Sammy, a mole. There's a mole in heaven, okay? What, you think I should alert the angel brigade, get them to fly in here and start smiting?"
"Not a lot down here that stands a chance against an angel," Prosper said, and immediately cursed herself for opening her mouth.
"What does sleeping feel like?" Jack was asking Mary, as the knob on the connecting door rattled, and someone rapped loudly against the wood.
"It's not the same though, is it? I know that he was..." Temperance, wisely, didn't finish the thought, ruffling discomfortedly instead and not pulling away when Prosper ducked her nose down into her feathers. Temper always had a sweetly musty scent.
"Don't move," Dean said, to both Castiel and Prosper. He ducked out of the Impala, hunching his shoulders as he dashed for their room door. Prosper put her paws up on the back of the bench seat.
"Yeah, of course you did." He let her go, leaning back on his haunches and settling the blade against his knees. "I'm awake as fuck now. You should get some sleep."
On his arm, the Mark burned and pulsed in response, sucking it greedily in, even as something in Dean's chest crumpled.
Right. Currently invading hell, in a last-ditch attempt to save his stupid almost-lover's stupid life, and the rest of the world along with it.
"That was short-sighted of me." Dean was staring at him, growing anger, hurt, confusion. Castiel forced himself to continue. "I'm an angel, Dean. Heaven is where I belong."
"We tell the officer that he witnessed an angel of the Lord. Then the officer will tell us where the angel is."
"I wouldn't have picked up on them," Cas assured him seriously, and Dean snorted a laugh, his stomach flipping and spinning with shock and glee, love and terror.
"I wouldn't bet on it," Lucifer answered. "Pop's changed quite a bit from how he was back in the good 'ole days." He made a face, lowered his voice. "You remember. Nervous, apologetic. Doesn't like conflict. He would rather hare off to some new universe rather than face this trash fire of a world that he created."
"The patio? Yeah, I guess so. Not much of one." Sam pulled a lighter from his back pocket, leaning down to hold it to the tinder. "Eileen and I built something similar in the backyard of our first house."
. She pushed her nose against him, sawdust and hot steel instead of gunpowder and cold iron. She still wasn't used to it, but that didn't mean she disliked the smell.
"Give him a moment, Viridius," the woman chastised gently. "I'm sure it's disorienting, to have so suddenly lost the touch of the Holy Ghost."
"I don't care who or what this Castiel is, I'm glad it rode us out," Prosper said. "'Cause if we had become a demon, we wouldn't love Sam anymore. We wouldn't even remember what love is."
Dean exchanged a look with Sam and Mary, then turned back to Michael. "It's like this," he said, and laid it all out for him. Lucifer on the loose and hunting for his kid, freed from the cage because they had needed his help to stop the Darkness. Which forced him to go further back and explain how they had inadvertently freed Amara in the first place, in order to get the Mark off his arm, which then turned into an explanation on how all that had shook out, how Chuck had come and gone again, reunited with his sister and entrusting the earth to the beings inhabiting it, and look how great that was going so far, which brought them back to the problem at hand -
"It's okay," Dean said. It was a goddamn lie, but they had to say something to shut Sam up, and Prosper couldn't lie for shit. "We just gotta keep our heads down and hash this out, alright?"
"Something up?" Sam asked, as they crossed the road and trotted across the parking lot to join them. It was starting to spit rain, cold and needling against the back of Dean's neck.
. And not just any demon, but Meg, Lucifer's most rabid cheerleader. Castiel, the guy who had always grimaced apologetically the few times he'd had to touch Prosper, to heal or ward her, who always lifted his hand away as soon as he possibly could. Dean had always assumed that...he didn't know what he had assumed.
"Yeah, well." Dean tossed the gauze to the side, hitching himself further up onto Baby's hood. The splint would have to wait until he got them back to some place with better lighting. "From my experience, if it don't hurt, it's usually not worth doing. So maybe that's the point." Cas hummed consideringly, and Dean rubbed his thumb along the back of his knuckles. Then he realized what he was doing, and almost dropped Cas' hand. He didn't though; instead his whole body gave a weird, spastic twitch, and he broke out in a cold sweat.
"You should worry," Evangeline went on, unperturbed by Prosper's silence. She was a leopard dog, grey and black and tan, with eyes the same crackling blue as Benny's. "An angel, down here in the muck with us monsters? Boy's a walking steak dinner."
Queen of hell and most powerful witch in existence? "Take it away from one of them and give it to me." Jack was shaking his head, his eyes dark, clouded with distress. "Why the hell not? Jack, don't tell me you trust Naomi, or even Rowena, more than you trust me."
That was why they needed to find him. Cas wouldn't have to change, or cut out the parts of himself that Purgatory made impossible to keep, not if they found him in time. He could stay just as he was, just Cas, laconic and perpetually puzzled and loyal to a fault, to the greatest of faults, accidentally hilarious and painfully sincere. He would stay that way, because Prosper and Dean were going to make sure of it.
"Well, this ain't gonna work," Dean said, looking around with a cold smirk. But he took a seat across from Crowley anyway. He glanced at Prosper, cocked a brow. "What about you?"
"Right." Anna looked at Prosper. Her eyes were the same, large and full of open feeling. Dean had liked her immediately, easily. They both had. "Hello, Prosper," Anna said to her, a soft smile playing around her lips. Prosper didn't answer; she wouldn't speak another word for Castiel to hear, not even to Anna. She could do that much at least to protect herself and Dean.
She walked, talking to Cas occasionally, but largely silent. She approached the road furtively when she finally reached it, darting close just long enough to see that there were no signs posted, then ducking away. The last thing she needed was to be spotted; dæmons could and did live alone, but it was still a remarkable event, viewed with the same greedy, fascinated horror as a train wreck, or an oil spill.
"Be careful," Prosper replied. She watched Temperance fly away, then walked back to the cabin. Castiel didn't watch her approach, the way he would have before, back when they had been friends. It was like approaching a stranger, like being forced to start from the beginning. But he was still alive, he was still Cas, just a Cas who had been altered by his choices. Sort of like a human. Prosper sat down in front of him.
Dean licked his lips; Castiel watched the darting motion of his tongue, the way he shifted forward and back, searching for a center that he could trust. "You okay?" He asked gruffly, staring hard at Castiel.
"Think nothing of it, brother," Benny answered, dropping Cas' hand and turning away. He started walking, Evangeline taking her place in front of him, gesturing at Prosper as he passed. "The howling this girl would set to if I let something happen to you, it'd call every killer within ten miles down on us."
Pastor Alder did indeed know of several people in need of his gift. Emanuel visited each of them, one by one. It soon became apparent that Daphne had largely been correct; healing the spirit was key. It would be a simple matter, easier than breath, to reach out with his gift and correct the countless flaws peppered throughout these bodies, these souls. But true healing, Emanuel sensed, must be guided by the afflicted, or else it missed its purpose. He could, for example, remove the painful growths from this young boy's body, could straighten and strengthen his bones in an instant, but he found the better approach was to let the boy's will lead the way. Emanuel moved carefully through dreams of running, of jumping, the desires both large and small of a young soul eager for the world. The boy showed Emanuel what he wanted, Emanuel merely directed the body to follow.
It sure wasn't a party, not with Kevin tight-jawed and furious, clutching his dæmon Nomi and his own butchered hand against his chest. Nomi wasn't looking so hot herself; Crowley's dæmon had apparently straight up gnawed on her at one point in an attempt to speed the torture along. But hey, they had gotten out alive, and they were reunited with Linda. And, bonus, Sammy and Temper had managed to save the future prophets, or most of them at least.
"Same as it was two minutes ago, buddy," Dean said, leaning extraneous emphasis on the last word. "Waiting on either Lucifer or the heavenly host, whichever shows up first."
"What?" Prosper said sharply, her paws coming up on the back of the seat, her head appearing beside Dean's.
But later that night, when they were bunkered down and relatively safe, she brought the thought back out and examined it.
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean said. He picked his burger up, then immediately tossed it back down on the plate. "I know you were hoping I could, you know. Talk her around or whatever. Turns out she was a couple steps past that."
She felt the moment Dean saw him, the sudden loosening of the knot, the jangling relief, then the moment when Dean must have actually talked to him, touched him, the hot burst of
Castiel's eyes flew open and he sat up, sending the cat tumbling into his lap. "What - what's going on?" He said, only he sounded all wrong, higher pitched and panicked.
"I am not Sam's soul," Temperance said, low and forceful. "And I'm definitely not the origin of his humanity." She turned her head away, dipping her black-tipped beak into Sam's hair. "Let's go," she said quietly, just to him.
Guilt and shame were coming off of him in nauseating waves. Prosper, listening to Castiel as he told them about Uriel's betrayal, found herself almost dreading the moment when he would leave, and she would have to ask Dean what had happened.
Dean bolted back, his mouth falling open. Prosper stayed where she was, her head lowering toward Constant as he shuffled his way out from beneath the chair. Constant stretched his neck forward to meet her, running his beak along her snout, as naturally as he would touch Castiel, as unthinking as flight. Prosper stood frozen for a moment, then she huffed out a gusting breath, her tail whipping frantically, her thin restraint dissolving. She pressed her nose into Constant's feathers and breathed in greedily.
"No," Sam was saying when Castiel walked in. His voice was pitched low, tremulously soothing. "Listen, I know you don't know us, but Lucifer isn't - "
"Dean and Sam Winchester," Michael said. He looked at Mary, expressionless in the way only angels could be. Like he couldn't be bothered to manipulate his facial muscles any more than he needed to in order to talk. "And Mary Campbell. This is unexpected." He stared at them, unmoving, incurious.
"So?" He said defiantly, even as fear trickled thick and viscous down the link. "It wants me to kill shit, and guess what? There's a lot of monsters out there that need killing, starting with Metatron, so where's the - " he broke off suddenly, his already gray face losing another layer of color in front of her eyes. He spun away from her, rushing to the corner of the room where he hunched over and vomited. The smell of blood swam up, frank and fresh.
" - Over what, Sam?" She cut in. "Say it." Sam looked at Temperance, then down at the table, flexing his hand restively.
"Dude, you full-on rebelled against heaven. Iniquity is one of the perks." A woman approached their table, fastidiously clean flesh and honeysuckle. Her dæmon, a silky-eared spaniel, trotted in front of her. Dean noticed her shortly after Prosper. "Showtime," he said out of the corner of his mouth, smirking into his beer.
Rowena was watching them expectantly, bright-eyed and curious, like she would be entertained either way it went down and that was all she could ask for. Lovelace still hadn't emerged from Crowley's pocket, but Crowley tapped the side of his wrist, and Dean knew what he would be saying right now if he could.
"Help!" His throat was dry, the words forced out like thick substance from his lungs. "Help!" And then, hateful hope, love, need, "Prosper!" And he
"Okay," Prosper said doubtfully. Since they had found him again, Cas hadn't had much to say for himself, except to comment on Purgatory's many vagaries and argue with Benny over the most inane subjects.
"Dean, c'mon," Sam said, rolling his eyes. He lifted a hand, started ticking points off on his fingers. "Your 'profound bond'? You carried his trench coat around with you for months after the whole Leviathan thing. You searched for him for close to a year in Purgatory, you refused to leave without him and could barely talk about him when you came back. He broke through Naomi's mind control when she tried to force him to kill you - "
Temperance spoke from her perch by the window. "All we can do is try and hold out until the nephilim - "
"To who? No one up there gives a damn about us aside from Cas. At this point, most of them probably want us dead."
"Not much, man." He huffed a short, hard laugh. "I just beat Sammy unconscious after watching him lie to the goddess of goddamn truth. Oh, and here's another fun fact: he totally let that vamp turn me back in Limestone. So that's just awesome. And apparently he and Temper have known this whole time that their screws were loose, but it didn't bother them much 'cause all they care about anymore is how fucking fantastic they are at hunting. That about sum it up for you?"
"Yeah, I know. But he's a fucking angel. He doesn't feel shit the way we do. Big picture stuff, sure. Loyalty, duty, blah blah blah. But all the messed up, human stuff..."
They moved as one, Temperance flying down straight at Prosper's face with her talons spread wide, and Sam pulling a knife and throwing himself at Dean in a (sloppy and clearly telegraphed, come on, Sammy) overhand attack. Dean caught his arm, but was borne back against the wall. Bobby and Delia inserted themselves between them in a flash.
"I didn't say anything," Sam protested, raising both hands, not even trying to hide his smirk. "But - "
Dean was still gaping over that one when the door swung open again, and Charlie breezed through, smiling sunnily, speaking over her shoulder to someone behind her. " - So there I am, with a huge d20 rolling toward me like the boulder from Indiana Jones, and I'm just like - Dean?" She stopped in the doorway, her gaze moving back and forth between Dean and Ash. "What's going on?"
"Chastity? Wow. Is that kismet or what, buddy?" Castiel didn't answer. The spaniel was still watching Prosper, panting softly. "Well, he likes you, and you like him, so," Dean gestured with his beer and his free hand, "Dayenu."
"And Connie?" Dean asked, coming to stand behind Charlie. He was less easily faced; Castiel could hardly bring himself to meet his gaze.
"Thank you," Cas said gravely, still staring expectantly at Dean. Dean frowned back, trying to sift out whatever silent signal Cas was trying to send him. Cas' eyes dropped down a few inches, landing on Dean's mouth, and -
"We should probably put some distance between us and the pissed-off archangel, huh?" They were sitting in the Impala, Castiel in the passenger seat. Dean was scrubbing his hair and face dry with a rag.
One minute he and Sammy were pounding at the door, the cage opening at their backs, one minute Temperance was spreading her wings to fly from Sam's shoulder so she could press close to Prosper, pressed against the door. One minute they were on their knees, blinding light and noise, fear and failure so complete that there couldn't possibly be any absolution to hope for -
, in that low rough rumble of his, and then follow it up with something appropriately soul-crushing like,
jealous, because that would be fucking ridiculous. And who, in this completely hypothetical situation, would he even be jealous of: Cas or Prosper? "About what?"
"No wings," he said quietly. "No home. Just a ratty old coat and a pair of poorly trained monkeys. I was told you even had a dæmon, you had become so depraved. At least that rumor turned out to be false."
"Let's not go there, okay? We all did what we thought we had to do, how 'bout we leave it at that?" He didn't wait on Sam's resigned nod, just turned away, his gaze lifting toward the ceiling. Preparing to depart.
"Everyone in this room knows that this is no ordinary nephilim." Michael stepped around the bed, coming to stand beside Castiel, forcing him to either back away or remain by his side. Castiel chose the illusion of camaraderie. "Jack," Michael said, as if trying the sound out, "I am your father's brother."
"Whoa, what," Dean said into his mouth, his body trying to correct against the backward motion, his hands tightening on Castiel's hair and jacket.
As far as Dean was concerned, there was an ideal number of people meant to be in any given car at the same time, and that number was two. Namely, him and Sam. He could admit, there had been times in the past where three had felt like the perfect number. Driving wherever with Ben and Lisa, for example, Ben talking a mile a minute about some game or other from the back seat, Lisa fucking glowing away beside him. Some of his best childhood memories had been of the three of them, him and Dad and Sam, that is, on the road together. Sammy and Temper would be dozing in their seat, or have their noses stuck in some book, and Prosper would slink or scamper her way up front in order to be close to Clementine. Most of the time John barely noticed, but every once in a while he would look at Dean in the rearview mirror, smile with his eyes, motion with his shoulder. That was the signal that he felt like talking, and Dean would prop his arms along the top of the seat and listen to him extol the virtues of this song or that car, or, even better, tell him stories about Mom, about how happy they had been.
"I think so," Cas answered slowly. "Meeting Constant has...well, he's made me look at certain things under a different light."
"So?" Dean repeated, like he couldn't believe what he was hearing. "So, I'm not into dudes, in case you haven't noticed."
, Castiel answered with his last remnants of bravado, a trickle of sound against the vast roar of Lucifer's grace.
Prosper fought hard to contain a bark of laughter, especially as Dean and Castiel talked over each other, Dean trying to shut Cas up, Cas, presumably, trying to further explain the war between heaven and hell to the deputy. She could feel Dean's irritation growing warm and prickly along their link.
"Do I have your permission," he said, the words coming stiffly, not sufficient to express what he wished to say. Other words hovered somewhere beneath his tongue, just outside his capability to utter.
Here he was, with just about everything he had ever wanted for himself and more, pouting because he didn't have any problems.
But it was already too late. The demon lifted the bar over Claire's slumped head, her dæmon laying limp and listless in her lap. The bar came down -
"That was Famine's influence," Castiel pointed out. He had enjoyed them very much as a human, however. He nodded encouragingly at Jack, and Jack sat down on the bed beside Mary, unwrapping the cheeseburger with frowning concentration. He took a bite, chewed thoughtfully, Juniper winding her way up his leg in the form of a snake.
"Do you want to 'escape'?" Cas asked coolly, but Dean didn't miss the tension in his fingers, or the sudden tightness of his mouth.
(But he still drew a couple here and there: a devil trap on the underside of the deck, a banishing sigil on the inside of a closet door. Nothing extravagant.)
"No. I don't know my name. I don't know what I was doing at the river when you found me, or why I was there."
"What the hell?" He said again. They both turned their heads at the sound of Mary's raised voice, and then, answering her, a second voice, deep and gravel-rough.
"We don't hold his hand, he'll just do it on his own," Dean had said to Prosper, standing in the bathroom and fussing with his tie, grimacing comically as he tightened the knot.
" - I know it's not right to ask this of you, but I think that you should listen to Sam. This should wait until tomorrow, when we can both explain in person."
"Ever since Limestone," Prosper said, speaking slowly, as if she were dragging the words out with her teeth, "whenever I happen to look at Temperance and she's not looking at me, I get this feeling, you know?"
"Well," Linda said reluctantly, glancing toward the door where her rooster dæmon Ulysses was 'standing guard', "if you're going to drink, it may as well be with your mother." She gave an abrupt, commanding nod of her chin, first to Kevin, then to Dean. "Hand me one too."
"I will." Then Dean went upstairs to pack his duffel, Lisa trailing after him, and so Neco was forced to follow. Prosper walked behind him, taking in great, slow, scent-laden breaths. It was a new house, but Lisa and Ben were already claiming it, their scent lingering in the air. Prosper wanted to remember them, always. It had been a strange, important year.
"The - " Castiel threw a beseeching glance at Prosper, but she only opened her mouth, echoing Dean's good-humor. " - longer it takes to - Dean, I don't know this saying."
"Oh, I - " Castiel grimaced, his eyes sliding toward Constant, then flicking back to the road. "I don't know. You're right, of course. Being a skilled hunter doesn't mean that they were safe, or well-treated." Constant stayed quiet, waiting for him to continue. "And," Castiel said reluctantly, "I think I felt envious, at the thought of Prosper confiding in you and not me."
"Okay," she answered. It wasn't an evasion when Prosper said it, not like it was with Dean. "He let them go. He stopped himself."
Dean slept for precisely two hours, blinking awake as if by some internal signal, his eyes sliding over to Emanuel. He stared at him a moment, then, "Morning," he said gruffly, lifting a hand to dig his knuckles in against his eyes. Emanuel watched him attempt to stretch in the scant space available to him, then glance over his shoulder at his dæmon. "We good?" He asked her. She didn't answer out loud, but Dean turned back around in his seat and started the car up as if she had.
"So I can do what?" Crowley asked rhetorically. "Distract Lucifer by disemboweling myself? I can't imagine his attention being caught by anything less."
"That true, Dean?" Temperance asked. She was returning to Sam as well, climbing up onto the wrist that he lowered toward her. Battle lines drawn back up. "You got everything you want?"
"Whatever you're planning on doing," Sam said quietly, "God will stop you, just like he did last time."
A sure enough, there Cas was a moment later, trudging along the side of the road, looking shapeless and dull in his brown coat and boring suit. He stopped and turned around as they approached from behind him, narrowing his eyes against the headlights. Dean pulled off to the opposite side of the road and threw his door open, popping his head up over the roof. "Cas? You okay?"
"That ain't possible." But the words still hit him straight in the gut. The people he couldn't find, even in the places where they used to belong. It made sense.
"You've both been caged before," Michael finally said, even-voiced. "But human memory is imperfect. You've clearly had time to forget its effects."
It was petty, but Castiel immensely enjoyed slicing Metatron's throat, coaxing his helpless grace into a stoppered jar, until the only remaining substance oozing from his skin was blood.
But one of her least favorite things to think about was the alternate future Zachariah had shown them, in an effort to convince them to say yes to Michael. That ruined world, overrun by the Croatoan virus. Sammy lost to Lucifer, Cas lost to everything but his numb, hopeless loyalty to Dean. But the most terrible thing that world had shown them was themselves.
"I'll help you find answers, Dean," Cas promised solemnly, unblinking and steady. Like it was simply a fact, like there was no other possible response to give. And he was here, he had shown up. Late, and after Dean had come embarrassingly close to begging, but still. Cas always came through.
"Yes," Castiel rasped, his focus dropping to Dean's mouth. Then he remembered his mission, and looked away again. "That is, I also enjoyed it."
"Not bad, Sammy." He turned one of the chairs around and sat down, propping his arms along the back, watching Sam as he fussed with the firewood, stacking it in neat squares like a boy scout. "There a story behind all this?"
He crossed his arms, then dropped them, running his hands along his thighs. "Need something?" He asked, with false brusqueness.
"Maybe," she answered back, slogging through the same doubts. Granted, there hadn't been time for much else other than saving the world, and dealing with Mary and Gallant being brought back to life, and finding and rescuing Sam and Temperance. But Cas seemed off. Distant, restless, edging toward the exits. "We'll keep an eye on him," she said eventually.
"Well, what was I supposed to say?" Cas didn't answer, just stared at him, and fuck, Dean didn't know where to start. "You ever think about what our lives might've been like, if neither of us had died the way we did?"
"Hold on a sec." Dean stood too, shifting incrementally to the side, not blocking the door, but using his body to indicate that Castiel should remain where he was. He leaned his head in, his shoulders, forcing Castiel to meet his gaze. He smirked, and then, even more insufferably, winked. "Are we hitting a nerve?"
"Hey, it's good for the goose, should be good enough for the gander." Cas squinted his confusion at him, and Dean rolled his eyes. "Buddy, I'm not saying you should do anything in the next couple hundred millennia or whatever. But this," he gestured around them, the rising wind, the rising sun, the wide, endless road of a world, "it's about changing, right? Inner growth and all that touchy-feely crap. You could have that, too. Why not?" Cas grunted noncommittally, and Dean curled his hand in against his waist, bunching the fabric of his shirt into his palm. "Hey, maybe we'll go together some day," he said, and nearly swallowed his own tongue. Cas' eyes flew up to meet his. "Uh. I mean." Ah, hell with it. "Yeah, you know, why not? If I'm ever taking a nose dive off the edge of the universe, it's gonna be with you and Sammy."
"It'd be one thing, y'know, if I just had to say that - " words fucking failed him again, left him grasping, fumbling forward, " - I don't know, that it was more than Dr. Sexy's cowboy boots, you know? If all I had to say was that I was - kinda interested in - fucking hell -"
"Because the kid - because Adam - " Dean stopped, his words grinding to halt. Nearly nine-hundred years locked in a cage with Michael and Lucifer; there probably wasn't an Adam left to talk about.
- Ulysses gave a low, warning croak that jolted Dean away from his spiraling thoughts and sent Linda reaching for her water gun of holy water.
Not Prosper. Not when all she had to do was look at that dæmon, that little silver cat that no one seemed to notice any longer. And why would they? It, like the human bodies these angels wore, was simply an extension of Castiel's power.
The names sat sourly in his mouth, turning the already strangely unpleasant chicken even more distasteful. "I wouldn't want to presume," he muttered vaguely.
Castiel set the cassette tape beside Dean's laptop, pulling the desk drawers open one by one. Pens with their ends marked with the imprint of Dean's teeth, a stack of colorful, well-thumbed pornographic magazines. A collection of false identifications, most of them bearing Sam and Dean's faces, a handful showing Castiel's. Stray bullets that rattled and chimed against one another. But no Colt.
"No," he said quickly, because he wasn't going to admit that he hadn't even noticed. "Why would I mind?"
"What the fuck is happening to me?" He whispered, all his angry bravado temporarily washed away by misery.
"Yeah. He's about an hour out." Sam was watching Prosper, his lips pulling down; Temperance was staring at Dean with all the incredible force of her dark, dandelion-rimmed eyes. "You sure you guys are okay?" Fucking Sam, always poking indiscriminately at bruises, never seeming to realize how many of them were left by him.
. He shoved the mask against his mouth and nose with one hand, hauled Prosper up into his lap with the other, and all around him people were screaming, and through his window all he could see was light, pouring over the city as Lucifer rose, and rose.
"We should go," Constant said. The man returned the phone to his ear, and Constant shifted his focus to the dæmon. "We apologize. We're suffering from a mental illness." He dug his talons meaningfully into Castiel's shoulder, and this time Castiel heeded his warning, turning away, brushing past a young woman who had come to stand behind him.
"Screw that," Dean snapped. "Tell me now." Sam huffed, looking pointedly over Dean's shoulder at the handful of day drinkers currently scattered across the tables.
, Castiel thought, as he followed Dean and Prosper out of the room and down the stairs. Of course that was what came next.
Castiel thought at first that it must be Dean, that this painful pull beneath his sternum was what it felt like to receive prayers as a graceless being. Who else could tug him so insistently, so expectantly downward, calling him back to the earth and his home, other than Dean and Prosper?
"Just that same smell." A woman, lightly scented. Prosper couldn't pick up her dæmon, which meant it had most likely stayed on her person. "She's all over the place, but only faintly."
"It's about buying as much time as possible, Dean," Castiel explained calmly, refusing to be baited. "Strategically speaking - "
Then, like a line of black ink snaking its way across white parchment, something in Castiel roused. He was considering an action, Constant realized, strategizing in bold strokes like only Castiel could. No one could match Castiel in calculated audacity, no human, and certainly no angel. Constant flew on, his eyes sharp on the landscape below him, the rest of his attention turned within. Hyper-focused as he was, it was perhaps understandable that when his awareness of Castiel winked out, Constant, convinced in that instant that they had been killed, stopped flying, plummeting limp and carcass-like toward the earth.
"Don't call me that," Prosper growled, and started down the slope. Evangeline snorted and followed after her.
"Alright, let's go. Grab the cooler." Jack obediently bent down to retrieve Dean's cooler of beer, and Dean hopped down off the deck. "Watch your step, got a bit of a mole situation going on right now."
Cas was staring out past the trees, looking fixedly at some distant point on the horizon. The wind was picking up, making the leaves rustle and bending the tall prairie grass down in rippling waves. It had taken Dean a couple of weeks of having Cas back in his (after)life to figure out that Cas was the one responsible for the sudden change in weather around his house. The days were still hot and bright, the nights balmy, but now there was something pressing in along the edges, the air thick with the weight of the wind, the clouds streaking by. The prelude to a storm. Apparently Cas liked a blustery day, the promise of rain, and the weather around Dean's house was adjusting to his preferences, the same way that Sam's house always seemed caught up somewhere in the tail end of Autumn. Dean could work with that; a stiff breeze never hurt nothing.
"Great. And I'd like a beer." Dean stepped around him; Castiel half-turned to let him pass, to watch as he and Prosper walked together down the hall. She still hadn't spoken to him; all was clearly not forgiven, but perhaps that was for the best, considering what must come next. Castiel turned his attention to Dean's empty room.
, blinking his eyes against the soft pattering fall of dirt, rich loam, dark and aromatic with the potential of life. It was the best smell in the whole fucking world. He jammed his fingers into the coffin's poorly beveled edge and groaned as he strained against its weight. The wood muttered back, then cracked and gave way, and maybe Dean lost his mind for a moment or two as he fought his way free, and up, but who could fucking blame him? It wasn't every day a guy clawed his way free of his own grave, and again, why the hell did he even have a grave?
"I thought this was your family," Dean continued on, an accusation, seeming to realize that Castiel had no response to give. "What happened to that, huh? You said that you - I don't get it, man. I know you don't wanna be there."
"Quickly, kittens, before the other two figure out what's coming for them," Lovelace called back to them. Mary helped Sam up as Temperance returned to his shoulder, Prosper and Gallant streaking past to follow after Crowley, and Dean was left hobbling after them as they approached the narrow, barred stone door waiting at the end of the hall.
Silver lining (because what the hell else did he have at this point), at least Sammy and Temper were back on board with getting Lucifer out of Cas. No more, 'it's a strong vessel', or, 'we should respect Cas' choices'. But other than that, shit was looking pretty freaking hopeless, same as usual.
Unlike Temperance, Castiel's dæmon did not seem largely content to perch on Castiel's shoulder. He took flight often, spreading long, widely splayed feathers, traveling from tree to tree before eventually returning to Castiel's wrist or shoulder. Once, he landed directly on Castiel's head, his talons tangling in his hair.
"It means we've already got what's important," Prosper answered for him. She sat up, pulling away from Temperance and returning to her spot between Dean's feet, standing guard over him, sphinxlike.
Prosper felt something within her, a feeling, or a growing instinct, shift irredeemably over into certainty. "Okay, then," she said. She could smell the storm, roiling and raging above their heads, but between them everything was quiet.
"Do you really not know what we're gonna say?" Temperance asked. Neither of them answered her, and she twitched her head down to look at Sam.
"But we are relieved that you were able to keep the Mark in check," Constant said. Dean looked at him, his hand falling to his arm, thumbing at the Mark where it was hidden beneath the sleeve of his shirt. He glanced at Prosper, his face closing up, hard and bare-boned.
"Then she can call out to another angel." Castiel leaned against the wall of the building, and Constant craned his neck around the corner. "The large man's gone. Call Dean; he'll agree with me."
Deputy Framingham's dæmon was a beaver, well-groomed and sturdy, her muscled slab of a tail jutting out beneath her as she sat. She and Prosper watched each other as Dean introduced himself and Castiel. She glanced at Castiel when he produced his (hastily made) FBI badge, her mouth working up and down as she considered him. Her incisors were long and yellow; receiving a bite from her would be painful, but far from deadly. Prosper moved closer, pulling her attention away.
Castiel stopped, his head jerking up, his mouth parting from Dean's. His hand closed reflexively around Dean's hand, holding it tightly in order to prevent him from knowing what he had discovered.
An odd sensation ran through him at Dean's words, a feeling similar to those transcendent moments of days long past when the voices of his brethren would meld into harmony, often without warning, growing richer and fuller as more angels joined the music-making; a song of joyful concordance. Dean's gaze was flickering over him. Castiel had never felt tempted to power before this moment, but if it were possible he would gladly become God to keep that gaze. To be the object of Dean's faith, to answer his prayers and defend him from the evils of the world. But this was outside of his ability to achieve, even for Dean.
"Oh, now, this is touching." The room cleared, they all looked up as one to where Rowena was standing, or sagging, really, held up by the looping chains around her arms and wrists. "Fergus, my darling boy, have you really come all this way to fetch me back? And you've brought the Winchesters along with you!" Even beaten and tortured, and Dean knew better than most what that entailed, there was something unbendingly regal about Rowena, as she tossed her chin in an attempt to clear the hair from her face. It didn't really do her much good, matted like it was to the blood on her face and neck.
"Don't worry about us, Samuel," Rowena cooed. "Fergus and I will be just fine. You go help your brother rescue that darling angel of his."
"I don't want to discuss it," Castiel said, and then stopped, shocked into silence by the low tremble of his own voice. He took a deep breath, then tried again. His feelings aside, it was heartening to see how close Dean and Prosper were growing, how they were beginning to confide in each other. This desire to address old, buried business was most likely a result of their new intimacy, and Castiel did not want to undermine it. But he had his limits, even for them. "It's unnecessary, Dean. I understand."
The man's gaze darted from Emanuel's hand, to Daphne and Viridius, then back to Emanuel. His mouth moved soundlessly, and then his arm came out in a stiff, lurching motion to shake Emanuel's hand.
"Dean," Cas said, some indeterminable amount of time later (what did time matter, anyway, what the fuck did anything matter up here), "how long are you going to do this?"
"'They knew that a great change had come upon them'," Castiel quoted, and began walking toward the trees.
"I'm not tired." He lifted her hand away once more, dipping his thumb into the soft flesh between her fingers. She relaxed back into the sheets. He stroked a hand along the bridge of Viridius' nose as he rose from the bed, and she sighed, appeased. "Sleep well," he murmured, and left the room.
"What he means is, we were already running the basic framework. I mean, yeah, it's kind of like comparing Java to Prolog at this point - " Dean frowned " - or a Fiat to your Impala," Charlie tried. "The bottom line is, we could only generate so much 'oomph' on our own."
"Cas, listen to me. There are angels out there, okay? And they're looking for you, and they're pissed."
by the way, how come he and Sam never went to these things back on earth?) had ended and they all stood up and started filing out of the theater, and he only noticed then because he had to drop his arm to let Cas walk in front of him.
"Dean." Ash twitched in place, tapping his knuckles together restlessly. "You know I love you, man. Brothers-in-arms, right? I don't wanna have to throw you out."
"You're beautiful," he finally said, looking down at her. She was lustrous in the thick sunlight, tawny and creamy gold, stippled with black. He didn't understand how she could still be beautiful.
"Damn it," Dean hissed, as tunnels of black smoke twisted up in the distance and the echoes of pounding feet reached them. "Get us outta here, Crowley." He pulled his angel blade free and hustled around the table, ignoring the shooting pain in his leg, coming to stand shoulder to shoulder with Sam and Mary, facing the oncoming demonic horde.
And then Lucifer was gone, and Cas was back, and sitting passenger side while Dean drove, which, technically that was Sammy's spot, but what the hell. Prosper was in the back seat, sitting silent and expectant, and the sun was dimming and dying in the sky, and if there was ever a time for a guy to tell his best friend that he was in love with him, it was at the end of the world, right?
"If I plan to do anything else stupid, I'll let you know," Cas said, the mouthy bastard, the freaking smart ass, and turned away with a sassy little flip of his head.
And now here they were, almost home, and no idea when any of them would see Cas again. What the hell were they supposed to do with Jack and Juniper in the meantime? Take them along on hunts? They had about a dozen problems to follow up on and zero time to sit around the bunker with a kid, watching cartoons and eating pie, much as Dean would like to do just that. Hunters across the country were barely back up on their feet after the whole British Men of Letters fiasco, Crowley and his half-ghost mother might turn up at any moment to try and move in with them, hell had no ruler and might either collapse on itself or spill out onto the earth, and heaven, for better or worse, was back under Michael's control.
"What?" Castiel asked. He looked to Prosper, then back to Dean. There was an inexplicable intentness to Dean's gaze tonight, something almost recognizable, something beyond anger or laughter or weariness. Something - "No," Castiel said, surprising them with his forcefulness, surprising himself. He wouldn't speak about that. It was cruel of Dean, and only made more painful by the fact that Dean didn't comprehend his own cruelty.
Now he turned to look at her, the motion slow and deliberate. Prosper's spine straightened, she fought to keep her ears from pressing back flat against her skull. Gallant stared at her a moment, then lowered himself down against the seat. He looked up at her, a silent invitation, and Prosper copied him, settling herself uneasily beside him, their paws almost touching, their heads scarcely a foot apart.
"Relax," Dean said. He looked at Prosper where she was sitting by Castiel's leg, motioning at her in a clear
"You know, we really should put Nair in the kid's shampoo again. Seriously, we'd be doing him a favor - shit, shut up, here he comes."
"I'm just saying, I'm choosing to be here, and if I didn't want to be here then I'd be gone, and you should have that too." He gestured between them. "I know there's some shit we can't do anything about. If I bite the bullet, you do too, they ain't figured that one out yet. But if you don't want to this, this Dust-bond, or whatever, and why would you, after what I - " he choked to a stop again, his words grinding together, too large and painful to speak. "You shouldn't have to," he finished lamely.
"What do you want," Michael clipped out, cold and stiff, standing rigidly straight in the center of the cage.
Prosper sat up, each movement delicate, graceful. She was so fucking beautiful. Dean didn't know why he'd spent the last twenty years of his life finding fault with everything that she was, except for the fact that admiring her would have to mean seeing something in himself that he just couldn't believe in. What the hell was wrong with him, what was he supposed to do to change it?
"No, man," Dean answered roughly. "Don't be. I'm, uh. I'm happy for them, it's just - hell, I don't know." Gone. They were gone. He cleared his throat, glancing back at Cas. "What about you? Could you - " he drifted off, rolled his eyes significantly.
There was a faint rustle of sound, and Cas suddenly appeared on the porch. He stood for a moment, looking around, his gaze skipping past Prosper and Temperance even though there was no possible way he was unaware of their presence, then he tucked his coat neatly beneath his legs and sat down on the porch's edge. Prosper and Temperance looked at each other.
This was something he had to do, Dean. Typical vague angelic bullshit. Michael had been freed from the cage for all of two days, and Cas was already flying off on top-secret missions with him.
When he regained consciousness, he was lying on the ground, his hand moving over the discarded twigs and leaves of a forest floor, his fingers digging into the earth, as if to verify that there was nowhere further to fall. Above him, the trees were dancing, bending and shaking in the wind, their upper reaches and finer details lost to the dark. Castiel blinked to clear his vision, gather his focus, but the world remained all but indiscernible to his senses. His severely limited, human senses.
"Huh." Dean thought about it a minute. "You know what? Leave it. I think I've got an idea what to do with it." It sure as shit didn't have anything to do with peace or personal growth, but he figured it would be pretty freaking hilarious all the same, when he finally caught the thing and set it loose in Sam's house.
"It's not because I thought you'd be angry. It's just, I meant what I said. We have what's important, and if you didn't want to push it - "
Dean and Prosper were standing inside the door. Prosper came to him immediately, leaning against his leg, pressing her nose against his hand and huffing into his palm when he touched her gently. Dean spared him a brief glance, but swiftly returned his attention to the far corner of the room, where Sam and Mary were standing shoulder to shoulder, their backs facing Castiel. Dean's hand was steady on the grip of his still holstered gun.
She didn't say anything. She hardly ever spoke to him anymore. But there was something funny coming down to him through the link, what he could even feel of it these days. Something like...Dean turned to look at her.
She stopped abruptly when the thought occurred to her, lifting her head up from where she had been scenting the earth, following the Rawhead's ripe trail. It was probably a waste of their time, but no lead was too small, not when it came to this. But it wasn't thoughts of the Rawhead that had shocked her into stillness.
"We need to keep moving." His stomach pitched, roiling like storm clouds. Castiel touched it tentatively. "I may have contracted a 'stomach bug.' I think I'm experiencing nausea."
"What, like letting Cas in on it is gonna make it any easier to live with?" Dean snorted. "Yeah, I don't think so." He could just see it now. Cas would tip his head to the side and stare straight into him the way he always did, narrow his eyes a fraction and say,
"Where did Death go?" Cas returned with a shrug. "Or, as I asked once before, what becomes of a monster killed in Purgatory?"
"Okay, so - " Dean started, cutting off abruptly as Cas stood up. "Whoa, where're you running off to?"
The night that Dean and Anna had sex in Baby's backseat, Prosper and Theodore had sat together outside, pressed close and murmuring softly to each other. Theodore had been a snowshoe hare, both cautious and daring by turns. When Anna set her hand against the mark Castiel had left on Dean's shoulder, Prosper and Theodore had both felt it, the inexorable pull of two souls drawing close. Prosper had laid her head against Theodore's back, and they had whispered secrets back and forth until Dean and Anna emerged. Anna's hand had been the soft catalyst that united them, for one brief, imperfect night.
"Don't be boring." He circled Emanuel's feet, rippling across the grass. Emanuel turned in place to follow him. "You and I both know you're not boring." Emanuel had no answer to give to that. He remained quiet and watched the lizard dæmon flow up the side of the car, coming to rest on the hood. "I'm cold," he said, apropos of nothing. "You should let me into that sweater."
He stared down at their joined hands, searching within himself for some indication of whether or not she was correct. He felt...he didn't know what he felt. Hollow, but perhaps that was a normal feeling for a man who had forgotten himself, who lacked a dæmon. He blinked, blinked again, and his vision
"No, hold up." His hand lifted, pressing against Castiel's shoulder, forestalling his departure. "Me and Prosper, uh." He licked his lips, his gaze darting almost nervously around the room. "There's something I've been wanting to talk to you about."
"Shut up. This kinda stuff is supposed to be Sammy's thing, I just kill shit. Conjunti sumus, Unum sumus."
Emanuel glanced one last time at her dæmon, his vibrantly patterned scales, the trails of forgotten existence waiting beneath. He turned away, straightening in his seat and training his gaze on the path before him.
"Where?" Dean asked, straining his vision against the fading light. The sun was behind them, the world ahead stretching out with the shadows.
"Yes," Castiel said, and Lucifer poured over him, molten light and heat, still so terribly beautiful, even after all this time and all his evil, unspeakable deeds. Castiel's grace scattered and fell away against the onslaught, only to be gathered back up, reconstituted and held before him.
, he thought later, as he and Prosper huddled together, again, while the room rained glass down on them in droves.
It wasn't instinctual, or easy, or any of that trite crap that people liked to say about reunions. It was a choice, to take that last step, to wrap his arms around Cas and haul him in close. He felt Cas' arms come up, felt his hands on his back, and now, Dean knew, was the moment where they were supposed to let go again, step back a bit and try to start finding their way back to normal. But instead he clung on tighter, dropped his head down onto Cas' shoulder.
"This is important, Dean," Sam said. Dean scoffed, and Sam raised his voice, shifting in to try and force Dean to look at him. He gestured up at Temperance. "We think he's gonna be okay."
"You and all the other angels," Dean said gruffly. His eyes flicked back and forth between Sam and Temperance, then away again. Castiel wondered what it might mean, what new burden they had taken on in the span of days since he had last seen them. Dean and Prosper were unfortunately very prone to carrying guilt, even when the guilt was not theirs to bear. "But hey," Dean continued on, "just another day in the life, right?"
"Yes," Cas rasped. His gaze dropped to Prosper, he bent down to murmur something to her, soft and low. Dean crossed his arms and glared at Michael, daring him to say a word about it, but Michael didn't even bat an eye, just watched impassively as Cas said his goodbyes, taking an extra moment to reassure Jack and Juniper that he wouldn't be gone long. Then he was standing by Michael, and looking at Dean again.
"But I want to make sure we've got it straight between us," Prosper interrupted. Dean's mouth snapped shut. "Everyone else thinks you're good as gold again. No Mark, no ancient curse pumping rage into you." She was careful to not lower her head, to keep her stance nonaggressive, but she couldn't control what Dean might be picking up through the link. Nothing good, from the way his fingers were curling into fists against his jeans. "But I know the truth, and so do you. You almost killed Cas, you were ready and willing to kill Sammy and Temper." She wouldn't, couldn't, mention what he had done to her: her pain wasn't his to share anymore. "They can blame it all on the Mark, but the truth is that you wanted free of them, and you still do." Dean's face was a tightly controlled mask, his eyes flat points, but Prosper could feel the twisting, sucking pressure building up inside him. She pushed; apparently she could be cruel, too. "So we can hunt together, we can work together to stop the Darkness. But we're not partners, Dean."
"Yeah, but I can't fucking do this, Cas." It left him oddly giddy, tight-chested and shaky, to finally admit it, say it out loud. That
"Can I ask you something?" Cas finally said. Dean clamped his teeth together and scowled out at the birch trees, jutting up slim and milk-white in the distance. "When you asked Jack to give that power to you, that responsibility, how did you feel?"
"Jesus, fuck!" Dean yelped. He and Sam both stood from the couch, their hands falling to their guns, although surely they realized the futility of the gesture. Jack also stood, his eyes glowing molten gold.
"Don't care. Hop on." He stretched his arm out across the back of the seat, shaking his wrist expectantly. "C'mon, don't make it weird. I'm not gonna feel you up under your feathers." Thankfully Cas was human these days, so he wouldn't know what that thought did to him, how Dean's heart was beating in the tips of his ears and the balls of his feet. Constant hesitated a moment longer, then transitioned from Cas' shoulder to Dean's forearm, carefully avoiding contact with his skin. "You two wait here," Dean said, not looking at Cas and Prosper as he opened the door, dropping his shoulder low and raising his arm high to encourage Constant further up his arm.
"Hmm," Mary said. "Better the devil you know." She stood there a moment, staring down at Gallant, then turned her back decisively on Michael and the cage. "Let go of the spell, Rowena," she said as she walked away. "We'll find something else. Turns out he's just another Lucifer."
"I assumed as much," Michael said after a moment. He looked away from them for the first time, directing his attention to the raccoon in his lap. "Pay up," he said to her, his voice still inflectionless, but somehow lighter.
Footsteps behind him, a deft touch of grace to confirm that it was Dean and Prosper approaching the door, crossing the room. Castiel turned, expecting to be told that they were ready to leave.
Dean's eyes flicked up, a short, hard glance, then back down to the gun he was reassembling. Mary turned to look up at him, smiling briefly.
"Yes. After all - " Castiel motioned at his face, Jimmy's face, a constant reminder of Claire and Abelard's loss. His cell phone began to vibrate, making him frown and clench his left hand firmly on the wheel while he fumbled in his pocket with the right. He pulled the phone free and held it up to Constant to look at, his eyes on the road.
Castiel didn't answer. Castiel was struggling against his vessel, the way something internal, some heedlessly disobedient organ, seemed to clench, exerting a pull on the space around it, drawing blood and focus. It clamored so insistently that even his skin tightened in sympathetic reaction, making it hard to move or think. Dean was very close. Dean was leaning closer.
, Castiel thought, letting his head sink back against the seat, his eyes sliding down until all he could see was Dean enshrouded in a moving nimbus of light.
The next morning he poured himself a cup of coffee, black and hot enough to scald his tongue, and stepped out onto the deck. It had rained overnight, which meant the creek was probably running high and swift, which meant it would be the perfect day to do a little bass fishing. Dean started making his way across the backyard, heading toward the grass prairie, the golden stalks of hip-high wild wheat, dotted all over with flowers, drops of white and winking yellow, and the occasional deep purple globes, that surrounded the house and rolled away down to the creek bed, and immediately tripped over something and fell flat on his face.
"Well," he said, his gaze roving along the various books and notes he had spread across the war room table, "thank you both for this. But if you don't mind, I need to get back to searching for Kelly Kline."
That was what he would do. Tonight he would lay in bed beside her, and he would stay all night, no matter how strange it felt to stare up at the fan blades, turning and turning, his body an encumbrance, his mind a reverberating shell. It would make Daphne and Viridius very happy.
Not so much this morning. Now there were rivulets of moved earth cutting across his grass, like someone had tried to map the course of a river with the contents of Dean's lawn. It was one of these earthen tunnels that Dean had tripped over, and they were fucking everywhere, all soft and unstable where he had expected it to be firm. Dean watched his footing as he paced the outer edge of the yard, measuring the damage, which was fairly fucking extensive. It was all across both the back and front yards, and Dean, admittedly, hadn't had any kind of a lawn to maintain when he had been alive, other than that one year he spent with Ben and Lisa, but even he could recognize this damage for what it was.
"You still should've told me, man," Dean said, keeping Cas close. "Told me what was going on with you and Sam. Talked to me about it." It was rising up in his chest again, the hurt, the fury that he'd spent his entire life feeding, appeasing. It hung there, all thick and knotted in his chest and throat, and he held on to Cas and pulled on one snarled thread, just one, freeing it from the rest. "We never talk about any of it."
"Dean," Sam said, pained exasperation. Dean waved him off, moving closer to Jack, leaning his head in to force the kid to look him in the eye.
It had been heart-stoppingly shocking enough, to find Cas alive, to find out that he was the faith healer that Mackey had recommended Dean to. Then to realize that Cas didn't remember anything, and that he had some kind of freakily intimate relationship with a woman, calling her his wife, stroking her dæmon's head and holding her hand the whole time he talked to Dean. But whatever. It was understandable, weird as it had been. Cas didn't remember anything, and Daphne and her dæmon had taken him in, given him a home and a purpose. Had it made Dean's chest all constricted and tight, as if he were the one who had been bound up with rope? Yeah, it had. Was Dean wasting time thinking about it, now that it was over and done with? Hell no.
"Which way we leaning?" He asked Constant, stopping between aisles and gesturing in either direction. "I've got forty-three dollars to my name, so I'm thinking either J.P. or Old Crow."
Claire's hands dropped from her father's face; she gasped and reached out to Paola, but Paola was already moving away, pulling free of Claire's whimpering dæmon and taking her place at Castiel's ankle as he stepped around them. Claire's dæmon began to shift, changing shape sluggishly, growing to take on the form of a large wolfhound. Claire flung her arms around him.
He'd meant it partly as a joke, the opening line to some comment or other about how between the three of them Jack had to have the equivalent of at least one decent dad, but Jack's eyes lit up at his words. He looked up at Dean with a small, bright smile.
"Prosper," he said, in his deep, long-suffering rumble. If he had a dæmon, Prosper would be hovering over it, burying her nose against its fur, or feathers, or scales, reassuring it and Castiel that she wouldn't let anything harm them. As it was, she couldn't even talk. Thankfully, Dean leaned down to take the weasel creature from her mouth, slinging it over his shoulder indifferently.
"We'll be right back," he said as he ducked out the door. Dean glared after him, then rolled his eyes and looked back at Castiel.
Dean was standing with his arms braced against the counter, his hands tight along the edge. He looked up at Prosper as she walked in.
"Maybe. I dunno." Mostly not. When he had been alive, Dean's limited imagination of the future had mostly involved half-formed fantasies of some sort of pseudo-retirement, one where he slowed down but never completely stopped, because deep down he was just self-aware enough to know that he couldn't give the life up entirely. "I've, uh. Been thinking about it more since I got up here, though."
"Now that is refreshingly accurate," Ishim said. "But since you brought a couple extra 'people' to our little chitchat, we should go somewhere more private." The air quotes weren't nearly as obnoxiously adorable as they were when Cas did it. "I have a safehouse nearby." He stood up, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a handful of bills. "I'll go get Mirabel. So nice to see you, old friend." He tossed the bills down in front of Dean, still staring at Cas. "Have some pie." Then he walked out, stepping deliberately wide around Prosper, his vessel's dæmon trailing after him.
, staring down at him like Dean had hung the moon and also simultaneously looked good enough to take a bite out of. That he had touched Prosper, his long fingers moving through her fur, and fuck, it had felt like something bursting apart and spinning back together in Dean's chest, and Cas had looked up at him and told them that he wanted to be there, and Dean had fucking believed him. Maybe it hadn't been a lie, but Cas still hadn't trusted them with the truth.
"Pretty neat trick, Cas," Dean said, looking back down only to find that Cas was already staring at him.
Granted, that wasn't completely true. Cas wasn't his vessel, really. Cas was (from what Dean had gathered so far in the years that he had known him) a building-sized wave of light, was the blinding manifestation of guileless purpose and earnest intent with wings attached, and also the only angel stubborn and clever and strong-willed enough to break ranks and his programming time and again. He also probably had a bazillion eyeballs and fifteen heads or something, but Dean wasn't even going there. So, yeah. Cas wasn't Jimmy Novak's body, and Dean knew that.
"What?" Dean said, too loud. Then, "No, no thanks." Chastity made a moue of confusion. "She's my dæmon," Dean elaborated, his annoyance clear in his voice and through their link.
Temperance spread her wings out, as if trying to shield Sam from their view, and Sam straightened, turned around. They stared at each other.
certain that I had nowhere left to hide a spell on my body?" For just a moment she looked like what she was, a woman who had recently been brutally murdered. Her eyes dropped, she seemed to tilt a bit, leaning on Sam's hands. Then she straightened. "But he didn't think to tear Diarmuid apart. You know how it is, dear," she said, turning her attention to Mary. "Men will always discount women and dæmons, to their folly." Mary didn't answer, just folded her arms, and Rowena resumed speaking to the room at large. "Even now, Diarmuid is reforming somewhere on earth. When he returns fully to life, so will I. So you see, Fergus, while I do appreciate these selfless heroics you and your friends have undertaken, you needn't have bothered."
Castiel tried again. "Jack isn't evil," he muttered to the space between their feet, to Prosper's ruddy paws. "He's meant to be a force for good."
Alastair had Castiel pinned against a metal column, a hand on his throat. Light was oozing from Castiel's eyes and mouth. On the ground beside them, the silver cat was also bleeding light as Alastair's monstrously huge spider dæmon hovered over it. And Dean was lying alone in the middle of a broken devil's trap.
And then he heard it again, that sound that he hadn't heard in years, the heavy rustling of feathers that never seemed to stir the air but seemed instead to press down on it, a massive, invisible force.
"Ah," Crowley sighed. "If only that were true." He snapped an impatient finger at Dean, motioning him forward. "We need you to throw Lucifer back into his cage."
"Meg likes to give stupid nicknames," Dean said. His coyote dæmon was turned around in her seat, watching Meg and Emanuel silently.
Perhaps this reaction was to be expected. After all, he had no dæmon; he had to somehow reconcile himself to moving forward without the companionship and guidance of his innermost voice. And it was natural, surely, for one of the Lord's devout to desire to cast off their human flesh. These, combined with his loss of memory, had to be sufficient to explain this incredible sense of wrongness that he felt as he regarded himself in the mirror.
Cas looked back up, and Dean did too, tipping his head back and watching as the sky worked its way through every gradient of deepening blue, sinking swiftly away into inky black. The stars popped out like fireworks, the lights inside the house turned on and let out their own soft amber glow.
"What does that matter? Hates him, mostly." Sam was looking at him expectantly, so Dean tried again. "Puts up with him? I don't know man, I think he and Lovelace had a civil conversation once or twice."
"This is justice," Hannah said, holding the blade out to Cas. Prosper, standing in front of Dean and snarling up at the angels enclosing them, watched him take it from her. He looked at her, at Dean. As they all watched, he lifted a hand and touched Constant, a grazing, hesitant stroke of his hand along the feathers of his throat.
"I love you," Cas said, wretchedly. "I love all of you." Like it was the worst thing, the most painful and important thing, that he could ever say. And that was the moment, despite everything that Sam and Temperance had said, despite the many nights he and Prosper had spent debating it, despite all the thinking, the honest-to-God-and-the-Darkness-too, swear-on-his-Dad's-grave thinking, that was the moment that Dean started to believe that it could it be real.
" - 'Raised' is such a strong term," Crowley said. "And I believe the descriptive you're searching for is 'ambitious'. Which, I assure you, I have been thoroughly cured of. For the moment at least. In the meantime..." He looked expectantly at Dean.
"Fuck you." He jumped to his feet, got the room between them. He wanted to hit her, hurt her until she shut the hell up. "And what were you doing, huh? Still strung up on chains, begging and pleading? At least I was trying, at least I was doing something to get you back."
"And that she wasn't a soldier," Castiel agreed grimly. He clenched his jaw, then flinched at the sound his teeth made as they ground together. "Dean was right. Our brothers and sisters don't want my help. They want my head."
"Sammy, we don't have one damn clue what he's capable of." Sam glared helplessly at him, and Dean lifted a hand, entreating him to listen. "He's been locked in the cage for, what? Seven years? How long is that in hell?"
They reconvened in Sam's hotel room, and Bobby only stuck around long enough to drop a pile of dusty books in front of Dean before heading out on a food run and taking Sam with him. Dean couldn't figure why, he was the sloppiest researcher of the three of them, but he assumed it was some sort of payback for the fact that he had managed to get out of doing any research at all for the past four months. He bitched, but grabbed the top-most tome and flipped it open, pretending to read until they closed the door and the sound of their footsteps faded away. He tossed the book to the side and looked over at Prosper.
They got Sam and Temperance back to the motel, strapped down to two separate chairs and pulled as far apart from each other as the room allowed. Dean was keeping his limbs in check by sheer force of will, but he couldn't do anything to stop the rest from shaking, his heart rattling around in his throat, the corners of his vision starting to waver and blur. "Watch them," he ordered Prosper, as soon as he was able, then swung back out the door, leaving her alone with whatever the hell was left of his brother.
"For the inevitable day that Satan himself arrived to beat your head in and burn you to a crisp?" Lovelace said poisonously. "Color us shocked."
the lack of limitations on his being), he went to where Bobby was lying on his back, lifeless, the microbiome of his skin already beginning its insidious work. He had passed on to his reward, and Delia with him, but Castiel placed human fingers against his temple as an anchor, reaching out with wings and grace to call them back.
"Well, fake it. You think I like acting like everything's peaches? I could use some freaking back up here." Sammy and Temper needed them, they
They stared at each other over their clasped hands. Maybe it was the sunrise, the way it was tinting everything in soft colors, but Cas looked beautiful like this. Glowing darkly, his eyes an unexpectedly light blue and so damn gentle as he looked back at Dean. Then Dean blinked, and Cas was
"You aren't coming?" Dean said to Crowley, ignoring Rowena and the stupid impulse to blush and fidget. Fuck's sake, his mom was standing right
Also, we've reached the point in the story where, in my opinion, things start to truly diverge from canon. The scenes are still largely lifted from the show, but the emotions driving the scenes are significantly different.
"Ah - what now?" Dean asked, sharing an uneasy glance with Sam. Maybe the guy had spilled his marbles after all.
When Dean opened Baby's door, Constant left his shoulder and swooped into the back seat, maneuvering with the agility of a much smaller bird. He landed beside Prosper, their heads coming together in greeting as Dean dropped into the seat, handing the beers and the bag off to Cas. He watched Cas out of the corner of his eye as he drove, fussing around with the bag, arranging it just so in his lap and then taking the contents out one by one to inspect them. The fidgeting was new. Angel Cas had tended to forget about his arms when he wasn't using them to smite or stab something. Human Cas, on the other hand, human Cas picked roses and scratched at the stubble on his jaw and rubbed his thumb along the pads of his fingers while he frowned. He rolled straws around in his mouth, gnawing on the tip like a kid. Human Cas made a weird little waving motion with his hand, to say 'goodbye' and 'hello' and 'thank you' and 'excuse me', as if he had concluded that the gesture was some kind of catch-all of human interaction. Human Cas stared at Dean with wide blue eyes, as if constantly startled by his presence.
"I - " Confusion buzzed and sparked, then melted with a sudden rush into happiness. "Yes. I mean, yes, Dean, what is it?"
But that wasn't the point. The point was: two. Two was the ideal number of people for a car to hold. Fact, done. Not debatable. Not three, and any number past three was just stupid.
Perhaps it was the warmth of the moment that had him lowering his guard to such an alarming degree that he wasn't aware of Michael's presence until he spoke from behind him.
"I still want you with me," he said gravely. "Becoming an angel again hasn't changed that. I want to know your thoughts, want to - " Here he halted, his eyes roaming the empty lot in front of him as if searching it for words. "Want to look up and see you outlined in the sky above me. You're all the best parts of me. You are my true grace." He looked at him again, extended his bared wrist in offering. He was a void to Constant now, a home turned silent and empty where once there had been sound and color.
"I knew that you were dying. Jack came to me and told me. I knew it, and I had to let it happen." His voice was growing heavier, harsher; he wasn't trying to let go either.
"Well, I don't want us to be like them. I swear, I didn't ever want that, but somehow that's still how we ended up. You ever think about that?"
"Are we doing the right thing?" Prosper asked, watching the Gas-N-Sip grow smaller through the back window. "It doesn't feel right."
"Castiel," his dæmon said, his voice a low croak that felt far too full and rich for the size of his body. For a moment Castiel thought that this was his answer, his name given back to him, but then his dæmon continued on. "What have we done?"
"Not like heaven comes with an instruction manual. Just," he lifted his hand, thumbing the bill of an imaginary ball cap, "'It's the heaven you deserve,' and then they turned me loose."
Sam made a face, but he wasn't looking at Dean, or at the door that Cas had just disappeared through. He was looking at Temperance.
"Yeah." The warmth was building up between them, they were that near to each other. "Say we figure this whole thing out tomorrow. Gank Lucifer for good, save Kelly and her kid. Say this time tomorrow the only problems we got are regular, run-of-the-mill hunting problems, not all this world-ending crap. What do you see yourself doing?"
"Won't," Dean said, his lips twitching. He cocked a brow at Castiel, warm beneath his palms, maddeningly salacious. "You want more, you better start driving."
"The Dream Team," Ash said, opening his second beer. He and Charlie tapped their cans together. They held them there, turning to look at Dean expectantly.
. She got up and left the elk remains to the birds, setting off again, movement purely for its own sake, not running to or away from anything, not anymore. When she finally stopped, it was because it pleased her, and when she curled up and closed her eyes it was because she enjoyed her dreams immensely these days, now that she no longer had to share them with Dean.
"Sure, man, go ahead." He waited until Cas disappeared back inside the motel room, then gestured to Prosper, the two of them taking off across the parking lot side by side. The stretch of road across the street from the motel fell down and away into an unused plot of land. At some point in the past there had been an attempt to clear the area and set up some sort of preliminary construction site. Now all that was left of the effort was a sagging chain-link fence and stacks of rotting plywood, the whole sad scene slowly being choked out by roadside weeds. Prosper found them a way through the fence, and they walked until they were lost in the dark to everything besides angelic senses and Temper's sharp eyes. Dean dropped into a crouch, dug his knuckles in angrily against his forehead. Prosper pressed her nose against the back of his hand. "Dude," he groaned, "we are so fucked."
"Scared the shit out of us, man," Ash threw in. "Walked through a door that hadn't existed a second before, and just freaking stood there, waving at us." He raised an arm to demonstrate Jack's dorky handwave.
Later, she had put the question to future Cas. He had laughed, brittle and strange, his eyes turned up toward the ceiling. "Oh, she's off seeing the world," he said. "Or what's left of it." Then he had rubbed his shoulder, as if working away an ache, or a weight. That was when Prosper understood that her future self had left Dean. Looking back on it now, she wondered if Constant had existed in that future world, too. If he had left with her, if they had decided together to abandon Dean to his mission and Castiel to his drugged oblivion. But mostly she wondered how long it had taken, how long her future self had stuck it out before it all became too much and she broke ranks and ran. Had she come to hate Dean too, the way he clearly hated her, or did she still miss him, long for him, wish that she could go back? Prosper wondered if she could ever be miserable enough, strong enough, to do the same.
But later, as she lay beside the elk's carcass, eating leisurely and snarling at the carrion birds as they circled overhead, she felt it again, stronger this time, a snapping twig somewhere inside.
"Please, Emanuel, be careful." She was holding both his hands in her own as they stood together on the porch, Viridius leaning against their legs.
"Well, whatever. It's the least of our worries." Dean glanced in the rearview mirror, where Prosper was just a silvery outline against the glow of passing cars.
But none of that compared to what it felt like to sit in the back seat beside Gallant, to look forward and see the long curtain of Mary's hair, her profile as she turned toward Dean.
But he still hadn't killed him, although he understood now that it was just a matter of time. Cas was worse than deadweight; he was a liability. The smart move would be to turn back around right now, pick that blade back up before he had time to recover.
"He said he was sorry," Prosper said helplessly. Dean gave a rough, sobbing sort of laugh, and dropped down in a defeated crouch, his hands moving over the coat. Prosper pushed her way into the space between his arms and his body, until all she could smell was Dean, and Castiel. Dean buried his face against her neck, took one great, heaving breath, another, and then forced himself to stop, trembling all along his body.
They sat side by side, both their heads tipped up toward that black, glimmering canvas. The silence between them was bittersweet; it was impossible to do this and not think about Sammy and Temper, the nights they had driven until they found a stretch of darkness so complete that it should, by all rights and logic, terrify them. But it had been something sacred, to leave the car, to sit on or next to the hood and not need to speak, not need to say anything at all. Just watch the stars, with the ones they loved best.
freaking out, because this was fucking heaven, and people didn't just disappear up here in fucking heaven, there weren't any monsters lurking in the shadows to drag them away. Wherever the hell Sam was, there was a rational explanation for it, and for the fact that Dean couldn't find him for the first time since they had arrived. Most of the time he found Sam at his house, stepping outside to meet him like he had already known that Dean was there. The rest of the time, finding Sam had been as simple as getting in his car and driving. He would find him at Bobby's, or geeking out with Kevin, or just strolling around, like the giant weirdo that he was.
Prosper could feel Dean's stunned relief, like strangling hands removed from his throat. He had been dreading this moment, the moment where Lisa told them to go, practically since the day they had arrived. Only Lisa, because she was the strongest, kindest woman they had ever known, hadn't done that. She was telling them, by some unbelievable open-hearted logic, that they could have both worlds. Prosper felt Dean hesitate, then reach out and pull Lisa to him. Lisa gave a low, surprised laugh, and they kissed, fervent and full of promises. Dean still didn't really believe it, but that couldn't stop the overflow of feeling from pouring down the link. But there were some things that dæmons often seemed to realize long before their human counterparts arrived at it. So as Dean and Lisa embraced, Lisa winding her arms around Dean's neck while he ducked his face down into her hair, Prosper and Neco were around the corner making their quiet goodbyes.
Dean wanted to yank him back by the collar of his coat, shake him, shove him down into Baby's back seat where he belonged and drive them all back home.
Knowledge, Castiel thought, as Dean held the trench coat out to him, his expression devoid of beseechment or forgiveness, was an unbearably heavy burden. Much like free will.
"I'm telling you that you and Dean are the most important being in the world to me," Cas said, then groaned and doubled over, hunching in on himself. Prosper pressed her nose against his blanketed arm until he was able to pull himself back upright. "You're safer together, watching out for each other," he managed to say. "Right now, you're safer away from me."
"You made Sam into what now?" His ears were ringing; Jack blinked and looked down at his shoulder where Dean's fingers were suddenly digging in.
"Cas, I'm gonna." His head lowered, then pulled back. "Just stop me if you're not into it, okay?" He waited for Castiel's blinking assent, and then, with a pleasing coordination of hands, arms, lips, shifted Castiel in closer, encouraged his head back, slotted their mouths together.
"Shut up!" His hand slammed down on the cabinet shelf as he turned to face her, making jars rattle and fall. "You got a real simple choice here, Prosper, you either stay here or you come with me, but either way you're gonna shut your damn mouth! You got that?" He glared at her, then turned back to the cabinet. "Now what's it gonna be?"
"True that." He stopped in front of his door, their door, turning to face her. "Who the hell's gonna believe me if you don't? I swear, I don't want any part of her."
"So," she said, turning her head to the side to stare at Constant where he was sitting in between Castiel and Prosper. "Constant, right? Dean told us that he talked to you, but we could hardly believe it."
"Good point." He pivoted on his heel and made for the beers. "Back when he still had the wings and halo, I'd have to get the guy a couple of whiskey bottles all to himself just to get him started. Nowadays, I'd bet my best gun we could get him to sing anything after two beers." He paced in front of the refrigerated doors, pretending to scan the selection. "So," he said, casual as fuck, thank you very much, "what's the deal?"
Either way, it allowed him to travel with ease to wherever his work called him. It didn't escape Emanuel's notice that it tended to take longer for him to return home to Daphne and Viridius than it did for him to reach his destination. He wondered if he should feel guilty, and wondered what it meant that he did not. Daphne was his wife, after all. A true marriage would have been difficult, as Emanuel had no identity beyond the one that Daphne had given him, but, as Daphne often said, they were wed in the eyes of God. Partners in their work. But as long as Daphne was happy, he supposed there was nothing to be concerned over. And she was happy, she and Viridius were happier than they had ever been.
"Yeah, Dean, got any other ideas how we could blast through that?" Meg asked snidely, her words oddly weighted.
"Fine. Whatever." He yanked the door open and slammed it shut behind her. Then he dropped down on the side of the bed and dug the heels of his hands against his eyes. If it was going to be like this, if they couldn't at least pretend...he didn't know what to do, didn't know how he would be able to stand it.
What other word was there for beers on the porch with Bobby, or for the happy crow of delight that Charlie gave when Dean first rapped on her door, the way she knocked the (nonexistent) breath out of Dean's chest when she threw herself into his arms? What other word was there for family dinners, him and Sammy and Mom and Dad all sitting together, for the way John would put his hand on the table and Mary would reach out to take it, the wry, almost disbelieving grin Sam would shoot him each time it happened? Not to mention the Roadhouse (which Ash seemed to be running, or, at least still lived at), and the endless, perfect roads, where the landscape could either stretch on unchanging for what felt like forever, or shift like a kaleidoscope between the mundane and the freaking fantastic. And the way time seemed to move in loops and retrograding lines, so that what felt like a couple of hours to Dean might feel like a week to Sam but either way they still somehow saw each other exactly when they wanted to.
"No," Cas said after a moment. He had watched silently as Dean ranted, following him with his eyes while he paced. "Maybe I should take a look at them."
"Seriously?" Cas nodded, still staring him down. "Dude, I'm not the one who just popped out of Purgatory."
"Shut your pie hole," Dean muttered, even as something traitorously warm and hopeful shot down the link, seeping into his chest. No, Jack definitely wasn't his kid, but he did seem, for all intents and purposes, to be Cas' kid now, and Cas was Dean's...
"Yeah, well, neither are you," Dean muttered, looking down. They were still holding each other, it was starting to get ridiculous. Dean bought himself some time by adjusting his grip, like moving his arms around some might make this feel like something other than the weirdly long embrace that it was. He had never been able to lean on anyone the way he had always leaned on Cas, and now he couldn't even call it a figure of speech. "Are you even here?" He asked, propping his chin against the groove of Cas' shoulder. "Like, the same way I'm here, I mean. Jack brought you back to life, right?"
"I've changed my mind. I'm coming along." He stared at her, a flicker of warmth moving between them, then,
And then they were on a plane, Prosper and Temperance a tangle of feathers and fur at their feet, Dean and Sam's arms still curled protectively around their heads.
Okay, that thought was embarrassing, but hey, with Meg bursting back on the scene with a fleet of demon cronies at her back, and Bobby in the hospital in fuck only knows what kind of condition, and now Zachariah pulling organs out and inserting cancers in, all in order to force Dean to act as a meat suit for Lucifer's big bro, Dean figured he was allowed a moment of weakness.
"Dean, Dean, Dean," she chanted as he took his first hoarse, desperate breath. The voice that he'd flayed and cut for, and had tried to cut out of himself, and had longed to hear again.
They stood around on the pavement outside waiting for Charlie to join them, and when she did she was bubbling over, excited and energetic, accepting their congratulations with a wide grin. She mentioned something about an after-party, which Sam and Kevin agreed to easily, but Dean glanced at Cas' too-neutral face and went ahead and backed out for the both of them, giving some bullshit excuse. Charlie let them go with only a half-dozen arm punches and comments about their age, and Dean and Cas walked together back to Baby.
Minutes later, Castiel crouched on the library floor, gripped and strangled by warding. Constant was on his shoulder, his grace was in his hands, and
"You came back," Dean said on a groan as he climbed to his feet, leaning on both Prosper and the side of the house.
"I mean, I know you don't sleep, but you can just think of it as a place to put your stuff." He glanced at Castiel, his lips pulling sideways. "Or, I dunno, a place where you can take your tie off." Castiel stared at him, his hand moving to feel along the twisted length of fabric hanging from his collar. He had been under the impression that the tie was a key component of the suit. Sam shrugged his shoulder, looking to Temperance as if for help.
Castiel watched Charlie hand her bags off to Sam, watched Enzo flit close to Temperance, his wings beating so quickly that the precision of their motion would be lost to Castiel if he were still limited to human sight. Charlie came to stand in front of him again, bright, expectant.
"Well." Cas glanced to the side, almost like he was embarrassed or something. "You are, actually." He looked back at Dean. "To be clear, I'm not a 'bird-lizard.' But in heaven, reality is partially subjective to what you expect to see."
"Y'know, demons, demons coming after you, demonic demony threats to your life." Dean shrugged. "Most people would be pissing their pants right about now." He rolled his head to the side to throw Emanuel a pointed look. "And they'd be right to be freaked."
"So he hates him," Sam said. "Like, angelic wrath of Chuck hate, or bitter, bickering rivals with a long history sort of hate?"
"I don't know." He pulled away, rubbing his palms hard against his pant legs. When that didn't relieve any of the itching, anxious despair, he cursed under his breath and gave in, crouching down so he could throw an arm around her. "They're getting worse, and we don't even know what the hell they've got."
Someday, Sam and Cas might decide to hang up the wings and halo (not that Dean was sure that either of those things were actually involved, at least in Sam's case). Nobody ever said it had to be a permanent job, after all, hell, even godhood wasn't a forever deal, as they had proven with Chuck. So yeah, maybe they would retire someday, pass the responsibility on. Maybe Dean would take it up for one of them, but then again, maybe not, because if Dean was sure of anything it was the fact that he wasn't anything special at the end of the day. The world was still turning down below them after all, and every day someone brand new was born, someone with the potential to do the job a hell of a lot better than him. Maybe someday Dean would really believe that. Putting down a burden, even the
"I want more," Castiel said hoarsely. Dean's eyes darkened; he bit the knuckle of Castiel's thumb, sharp teeth, the softest press of his tongue. "But I think that I also want to slow down."
"And Sam." Castiel said, watching Sam pick himself up off the floor, surprise and confusion turning his typical fluidity to trembling discordance.
"No, that's not," Sam spluttered from behind him. He dropped his head into his hands, then lifted it free. "I'm not an angel, Dean. That's just the closest equivalent we have at the moment."
"That was mine," Jack said proudly. "I like making thunderstorms." His smile slipped a few degrees. "Nothing was damaged," he added hastily, throwing Dean an apprehensive look.
"I...I want you to be safe," Castiel said numbly, because Dean, as he so often did, had once again left him stunned with his swift, merciless logic. He looked down at Prosper. "I have to be able to give that to you."
Dean breathed out harshly through his nose, turning away, glaring out at the darkness. He didn't have to answer shit. He didn't have to say one goddamn word.
"Constant," he said, staring ahead. The strange pressure behind his eyes had returned. This body was a confusion to him, a far greater unknown than the dæmon currently ruffling his hair with his great black bill. There was a pause, then warm approval came flooding down the link, filling his chest.
. He reached out with his gift, felt their desperation, their fear. He started up the porch steps, and the man swung to the side, giving him a wide birth, pulling his dæmon after him and continuing to stare at Emanuel with wide green eyes. "Excuse me," Emanuel said, stepping past him to open the door. He noted the bloody knife the man was holding in a practiced grip, but then, this same man had just slain a creature wearing the face of a human, so Emanuel was willing to assume that he meant no harm to him or Daphne. He left the door open behind him, finding Daphne in an instant, tied to the chair that he often sat in while waiting on the morning. Viridius was bound and shaking at her feet.
They didn't speak again until they had walked off the first layer of dumb shock. Dean was sweating, the heat rising up in sickening waves from the gravel, but that was nothing against hellfire, so what was he going to complain about? He had almost forgotten what it meant to not be burning, had almost forgotten green and blue and the colors of Prosper's coat.
Fuck, he was so fucking weird. And badass, and hopelessly naïve, and hot, and bizarrely romantic, and Dean was gonna hold on to him this time and not screw it up. "What do you mean, we?" He asked, keeping the rest behind his sternum where only Prosper would know about it.
But now, now he was on his back, April rising over him. Castiel understood now what heat was, why hands were shaped with palms to map and pull, fingers to delve and grip. April gasped, her head falling back, her throat exposed, and Castiel echoed her, marveling at how desire fed on nothing but itself, how one person's cries could become another's through sheer proximity. Did Dean do this, did he moan into the mouths of his lovers until he lost track of his own voice, the limits of his own flesh? It was little wonder that he loved sex so, chasing women and pleasure with the same bright instinct that he gave to so many of his pursuits. The breathless, hazy-sharp climb, the transcendent fall into oblivion. It truly was a sweet release, a little death.
"It proved to be an important conversation for us both," Cas answered, and didn't volunteer anything more.
He shoved through the bunker door, left it hanging open behind him. "Get in the car and don't fucking talk," he said over his shoulder, not bothering to turn around.
Dean stared at him, torn between grabbing him by the lapels of his suit jacket and giving him a good hard shake, or storming out the door and back to Baby, or clutching Cas to him and babbling out every terrible, looming, shapeless fear that had been bouncing around in his head all day. And yeah, it sure as shit wasn't right, keeping him in the dark like this. He had thought they were past that, thought that being in heaven would have put an end to the need to keep secrets. But that bullshit aside, Cas was still here beside him. Cas had just promised that he and Sam would both be here tomorrow.
"Shut it, man, you had your chance. You." Dean turned to point a finger at Connie. "You're coming with me."
Hidden from sight, Prosper watched Dean and Benny slide in toward each other until they were shoulder to shoulder, Dean, next to blind in the dark, shifting back to let Benny take the lead. She watched as the first dæmon came into view, a large, hulking dog, riddled with mange. It's nose was lowered, but it was moving quickly, eager to close in. Scenting a human made most of the monsters down here overeager, and hunger had always made ghouls stupid. It passed on, followed by two more dæmons, and a ghoul.
"Okay, can't believe I have to say this, but," Dean gestured impatiently with his blade, "more words, please."
Castiel wasn't sure how to respond. There would be no point in sharing the details, in telling Dean how he had been escorted under guard back and forth to the Garden to speak to Joshua, how he had been watched distrustfully the entire time by his brothers and sisters. Joshua alone had been kind, but even he limited their interactions to discussions of the developing plan. Otherwise Castiel had been relegated to an empty office room, everything within stark white and reproachfully untouchable.
Ishim paused, a flicker of something muted and amused moving across his expression. He looked at Dean for a moment, then at Prosper where she was sitting at the table's edge. He looked back at Cas.
Prosper went in first, Dean following behind with Sam and Temperance. They moved through the wreckage of the factory, flashlights and spitting electrical wiring illuminating the scene in slivers.
"I frightened you, when I stumbled toward you, shaking and drenched in river-water." How odd, to see a stranger through the eyes of another, the features entirely unfamiliar, and to know that this ragged, babbling man was him. "When I touched Viridius, you cried out but couldn't run. But as I began speaking your thoughts aloud, and Viridius' as well, you swiftly realized that you were meant to be walking by the water at that moment."
"Good," Dean said, blank and numb with the shock of getting exactly what he had wanted. He wasn't a hundred percent on what, exactly, Cas actually understood. It didn't seem possible: Cas knew better than anyone what an incredible fuck-up he was. "Good, yeah." He fumbled for his forgotten beer, downing half of it in two big swallows, then set it to the side and adjusted his grip on Cas' hand; he might be in shock but he was still clear-headed enough to know that, as long as Cas understood even half of what was going on, there was no way in heaven or hell that Dean was letting go. He shifted closer, and Cas copied him, and it wasn't anything new, sitting this close to Cas, but suddenly everything felt deeper, darker. Dean ran his thumb against the back of Cas' hand again, on purpose this time, listened to Cas breathe quietly beside him and not speak. A part of him wanted to poke and prod around for more, wanted to say,
"Alright," Cas said, and they got into the car and took off. They left the city behind, the lights and the cold, the lanes narrowing and falling away until eventually all that was left was the two of them and one dark, quiet road, winding through trees gone black with rain. Dean turned the radio on low and settled in, drumming his fingers along to Creedence as he fielded Cas' questions. Yes, he could walk him through the jokes, they were mostly blatant puns and blisteringly pointed innuendos. Yes, the costumes had obviously not been historically accurate, that was kind of the whole point. No, he hadn't thought that the play's underlying message had been that warmongering was just an elaborate substitute for sex, where the hell had Cas gotten that?
" - No, because I listened to Ash and Charlie explain heaven's whole 'open floor plan', and, yeah, maybe I only understood half of it, but I'm pretty damn sure the system don't work like that."
But not today. He wasn't at home, and Dean drove through pinwheeling scenery for what felt like hours looking for him, and the goddamn road, the stupid Axis Mundi, kept bringing him back to Sam's empty house.
"It's not my grace. And I didn't know. I hoped that you would remain, but then - after, when I couldn't feel you - " He broke off again.
"Certainly, but the point will be moot when we get to the bunker. Provided, of course, that Ezekiel stays with them after he heals Sam."
"And for Dean to cool off," Sam finished with a twitching smile, clearly a mantra they had repeated to each other before. He transferred his smiling gaze to Castiel, affection and weary exasperation. "Come on, we'll show you where your room is."
Not that he wanted to do it anytime soon. Dean tightened his grip on Cas, dropped his chin down onto his shoulder. Maybe a long time from now, like, a long, long, super fucking long time from now, he'd reach a point where he could let it go. All this love, all the countless links of memory and identity that he knew himself by, that kept him tethered to
But Sam's words stuck with him enough to make him pause the next day, after he wheeled the mower around to the front of the house, where he liked to start. Dean propped a boot up on the engine and stared out across the lawn, scrubbing his hands restlessly against his pant legs. Maybe it was getting to be a little boring, mowing the yard each day like clockwork. The problem was that there were no real
"I value your opinion on this," he said, not turning to look at the cat sitting on the bench beside him. "This could very well be the end of us both." He could feel them trying to speak, their will struggling to rise up. It had never been his intention to smother them so completely.
"Not really. I..." Cas drifted off, shaking his head. "The longer I was with you, the more incomprehensible life on earth seemed to become. The idea that we might have a future at all was remarkable enough for me." His hand flexed along Dean's side, squirmingly warm against his ribs. "Did you?"
"Like you didn't do this?" Dean shot back, pushing himself upright. Prosper prowled up beside him, her head lowered warily. Temperance was
She'd be damned before she gave any indication that Evangeline had managed to hit a nerve. But the truth was, Evangeline had touched on Prosper's most central fear. Cas hadn't been all there, when they killed Dick Roman and got sucked into Purgatory. He hadn't wanted to fight anymore, had apparently been ready to let Hester pummel him to death rather than raise a hand to defend himself. Hopefully landing in Monsterland had shocked him out of it, although Prosper knew that was a terrible thing to hope for. But even if he had resigned himself to fighting again, Cas wasn't a killer, or at least, not the kind of killer that you had to become in order to thrive in Purgatory. He was a soldier; he could be ruthless, relentless, willing to die for a cause he believed in. But in Purgatory, you had to be willing to live, no matter what that made you.
"Slow doesn't seem to be a realistic option for either of us." He rolled his head to the side, looking down at Prosper where she was standing between them. "Have you gone stargazing yet?"
Mary turned to look at Sam and Dean. "We're not leaving John's son locked up in that cage if there's a chance we can get him out," she said, in that no-nonsense mom-voice that she was supposed to use on stuff like telling Dean to not talk with his mouth full, or commenting on his driving habits. Not telling them to breach the oldest cage in the world in order to release a pissed off archangel that just so happened to be riding their half-brother.
"Dean," Cas sighed out wearily. He was sitting in the pew in front of her with his hands folded across his lap. Politely awaiting sentencing. Dean wanted to haul him to his feet, grab his stupid bloody face and force him to look him in the eyes so he could tell him,
"So, uh." Dean rubbed the palms of his hands along his jeans. "That was, uh." He stopped, laughing abruptly. "Gotta say, I didn't think it would go like that."
Dean's laughter eventually subsided, falling away into soft chuckles, his breath evening out, his grip on Castiel's arms steadying. When he lifted his head, he was still smiling, and when he pressed his mouth against Castiel's, his breath was still hitching with his amusement. It was very intriguing, Castiel decided, what a smile did to the shape of a kiss. Incongruously, he felt himself smiling too, as if euphoria could be transmitted by touch. But surely that was just Dean.
"You were young, when you met him, and naive. He offered you his seat, and afterwards he stood next to you and asked you question after question, and you couldn't remember the last time anyone noticed or took an interest in you. Not since you were a child, and your mother would ask you to sing for her because the sound of your voice was the only thing that brought her joy and distracted her from the pain. You tried to sing at her funeral, but your aunt wrenched your arm, and her great, awful dæmon hurt Viridius, and after that you never tried -"
"No, I-I'm - " Yes, he was fucking angry, why the hell should he be anything other than furious? What was even happening, where was Cas,
"Did you imagine us going like this? Honestly, in your wildest dreams." His voice broke, hands burrowing into fur.
He felt Constant before any other sensation returned to him, prickling confusion along the link, tethering him to awareness, and that was how Castiel knew that he was alive.
"Almost joined the corporation," Ash said, tugging at the ragged edges of his open vest, then running his hand down his chest, smoothing an imaginary tie. "Can you believe that?"
"You don't even know what we're gonna say," Dean said, another stinging attack. Castiel attempted to step around him, and Dean shifted, following after and maintaining his subtle barricade of the door.
"Wait," Castiel said, seizing the moment before it escaped him. Adam shot him a questioning look. "Before you go, I need to speak to Michael."
"Maybe you can't." She turned her head and huffed against the side of his face. "They're still up there." She always tried to say it jokingly, and it always came out far too serious.
"As you wish," Castiel said, after a long, fraught moment of silence. He put his, her, Claire's hands on either side of Jimmy's face, and Jimmy arched up as light, as
He set off in the opposite direction, traveling by foot at first, just in case the dæmon returned, eventually deeming it safe to take flight, albeit low and haltingly, fluttering from one landing site to another, taking pains to avoid being noticed by the humans. By the time he reached the town's edge, he was confident that he was not being followed, and launched himself skyward.
If they spoke to each other at all, there in the black churning water, Michael holding his brother upright and close, Castiel didn't hear it. He could have bent his grace, enhancing his senses in order to listen for their voices, but the violation seemed too great. He did stand a moment longer than strictly necessary, though, watching as the lioness extricated herself from the tumble of felled trees, pacing her way down into the water to join Michael.
"Nope. Just walking some shit off." He gestured to the phone in Sam's hand, the screen still lit and glowing feebly. "Garth?"
. He was new to heaven, was still figuring out how everything worked and getting settled in; Cas, meanwhile, had helped rebuild the whole damn place. That wasn't any kind of equal ground. When he saw Cas again, it would be in a place he picked, at a time he chose. It would be on his terms, and only when Dean had something solid and real to show the guy. It was the only way he would be able to look him in the eye.
He walked forward, picking up the sound of Dean Winchester's voice, low and tight with intensity, and following it into the gloom.
"But afterwards," Dean motioned vaguely with his hand, trying to pinpoint a spot in time on an amorphous map of the future when shit would calm down, when the world would stop trying to end itself, "we want you guys there, believe me. Sammy and Temper do too."
He left the bathroom and went downstairs, pulling a chair to the window and parting the curtains so he could look out into the night. The light grew as he sat and watched, darkness giving way to day. The sun was hidden from this vantage-point, nevertheless, it was a satisfying occurrence to witness. He turned his head to the side, almost believing that someone was there, but he was alone.
Dean's eyes went wide when Castiel framed his face with his hands, his mouth parting. Castiel ignored his vessel's greedy demands for immediate sensation, forcing himself to slow, to see him. Dean, flushed and focused, the slant of his jaw and the shape of his lips. All this startling beauty, the mere outer reaches of true desire. Castiel kissed him, open-mouthed, and when Dean groaned, pressing a hard palm against the back of his neck at the same moment that his tongue flicked out, Castiel met him, pulled him in, shuddered. This softness, this heat. When Dean groaned again, Castiel kept it, the sound captured between his hands and with his mouth. The kiss continued on, Castiel had the realization, distantly, like lightning striking at a far horizon, that he could and should kiss Dean every day, for hours every day. This produced a sound from his chest that he was certain he had never made before, but Dean seemed to enjoy it, his hand dragging up into his hair, the kiss growing impossibly more fervent. Castiel, acting on instinct, how unexpected, to have instincts, and carnal ones at that, leaned his chest against Dean's, urging him down onto the bed.
to choose, was still theirs. What was love, if not Castiel's stunned smile that morning, the blue burn of the link between them? Where were its origins? The distance between what Castiel believed himself capable of, and what he might truly accomplish, was immense.
Getting into hell was simple enough. Taking out the demons standing in between them and Rowena wasn't so simple, but it just so happened to be the kind of work that Dean liked best. Of course, he had been strong-armed into letting Mom and Sammy take point, thanks to his injured leg. Even Crowley was racking up more kills then him, guiding them along through the endless stone hallways, pausing now and then to send Lovelace ahead of the group. Dean just limped along behind them, taking care of any stragglers. Something else to blame Cas for, he decided sourly.
"Yeah. I mean, Prosper and me - I didn't want to admit it, but it was the both of us." He didn't pull Castiel to him this time, he shuffled in closer instead, their shoes bumping together, his hands moving, one returning to its hold on Castiel's suit jacket, the other rising to rest along his shoulder.
"Dean," Prosper said softly, pushing her face against his. "Please." How many times had she said that word to him, how many times had he shoved her away, shut her up, anything other than having to look at her, touch her? But he didn't want to go back to that, the way they had been. Not after Purgatory.
inside Castiel shivered in response to his voice, near and low and rough with meaning, "You don't wanna talk about yesterday, that's fine. Let's talk about tomorrow."
"Dean," Sam called after them, but neither of them stopped. He sighed, wincing as he looked at Castiel. "Sorry about them, Cas."
Something acrid and sour was gathering at the back of Castiel's throat. "I don't know why you're telling me this. We tried - " This faulty, poorly used vessel, with its incessant misfiring of signals. This terrible pain in his chest. Castiel forced himself to continue. "Constant believed it. I didn't. Why would you say all this now, when he - " Absurdly, horribly, he felt the sting of gathering tears behind his eyes. He looked away, staring at the corner of the room in an effort to save himself from further demonstrations of weakness.
Sam and Temperance were staring at each other, momentarily caught up in their own silent, private conversation. "Well, they're definitely not in heaven," Sam said slowly.
If these three humans were all that needed to be taken into account, then the situation might be straightforward enough. And yet...
"Seriously, Dean?" Sam ran a hand through his hair, clearing it away from his face; apparently the dork had decided to hold on to
"No, Sam," Temperance said fiercely, "He's going to answer me." Dean blinked, felt Prosper's surprise like a pop in his chest, because he could count on one hand the number of times he had actually witnessed Sam and Temperance disagreeing with each other. It was kind of their whole thing, the way they always had each other's backs, the way they calculated and miscalculated as a unit. It was pretty damn annoying, actually, especially when compared to how bitterly and often Dean and Prosper fought, or used to fight. But they were definitely pulling in different directions right now: Temper was furious, and Sammy was just along for the ride. She turned her black gaze back on Dean. "What if I wasn't here?"
"Right." Dean listened to Cas fumble around for the six-pack, heard his breath hitch slightly, then resume.
It took her most of the day to feel certain that they weren't being pursued, circling wide around the group as they traveled, her every sense and thought alert to their surroundings. She hunted as she went, always a tricky past time in Purgatory, where every creature exceled at hiding and existed in near complete silence. When she did finally make her way back to Dean, it was with the body of a long, weasel-like creature hanging from her jaws, its tail and back legs dragging in the dirt and forcing her to place her paws awkwardly far apart as she walked.
