"What were you even doing out here?" Mary demanded an answer out of him.
"And how legal is this?" Dean asked her.
"There's no way the salt line is going to stay with all this wind," Celine said. "Emily, take the girls and hide!"
Dean, over his little brother, so he didn't see, he mouthed, "see you later," and the omega tried to hide a smile, knowing that the pup was sure that ask why.
Before he could respond, he saw movement from the corner of his eye. When he turned, he noticed Dean and that... thing wasn't paying attention to the conversation in the slightest. The two seemed to be stealing fries from each other's plates. From his other side, he heard Mary giggle,d and Sam sigh at the two of them.
"We won't know until it happens. I don't think it's all of them. Steve is trailing behind the other two."
"Did you really expect me to leave?"
"Of course," Castiel said. "I was wondering where you disappeared off to."
"How exactly did this case begin?
"So, how did you get involved with human trafficking anyway?" Gabe asked.
All the adults laughed at how cute the pups were as they continued stuffing their faces with food.
"We're going with someone who knows something about the original story. We also don't know if they would have heard a different one than Benny's. It's probably an old story; things may have changed from version to version. Charlie thinks if we figure out the story, we'll be able to trace it back to the person or people who did it. It might give us something."
"No, I didn't. I courted him for months. No money exchanged hands ever. Did your 'clients' tell you that?"
"That is if Emily is not the only one alive and capable of doing something," Sam explained.
The woman turned to look at him and the smile instantly was wiped off her face, There was a scared look on her face that they couldn't understand. Turning toward Emily, who was standing closest t John, she pulled the girl closer to herself. Emily gave the woman a strange look but shrugged it off.
"Bobby, are you sure that the salt and water trick would have worked? It didn't work on Yellow Eyes."
"Not at all," Lucifer answered. "Why do you care?"
"Now?" Celine questioned to herself before turning back to Dean. "Riley should still be asleep, and Emily was sleeping down here last night, wasn't she?"
"I don't want to, but I want to be there for the trial."
"She can see auras. It would not be hard to assume that she could see that I was had two entities inside my vessel," Cas reasoned.
"I would hope you didn't take a demon's deal," John said. "Not with your girl or anything.
"So you're the new detective. I'm Samandriel. I'm new here, too, so I'm starting at the bottom. I was wondering who the new detective was to be able to skip everything."
John left the panic room, hiding the knife in the back of his pants. He quickly and quietly walked up the wooden stairs from the basement as he could. In the kitchen, he saw Mary starting what looked to be dinner.
Dean choked on his water while Amara laughed out loud, and Lucifer groaned into his hands. The three children looked at the adults with confusion, not getting what was said, before going back to the food set in front of them.
"Ready to raise and small child?" Dean asked the omega while grabbing a glass to drink from.
John didn't have a reply so he just leaned back against the wall. The looked around the room, eyes still over Cas for a while before continuing.
"Yes, but... there is something else on your mind."
Michael reached into his pocket and threw a stack of papers on the table. Dean, who was closest, grabbed the stack and looked through it.
Suddenly, she felt her stomach heave and noticed that she was back in the house she spent the last couple of days. Once that nausea went away, she saw the others start to slowly appear one after the other. The only ones who seemed to not be disturbed were Emma and Emily, who was now lying on the couch.
The group of five quickly got up and paid upfront and left. Once outside, they waited around until the parking lot emptied of people.
"This Celine worth her salt?" Bobby asked, getting a snort from both brothers. "What?"
"I don't see why I would. I was raised to be open-minded. It's not like she's hurting anyone, so I have no room to say anything."
The pup nodded, but Dean wasn't sure that he understood what was said. He looked almost high on Castiel's comforting scent.
"I've never seen anything like that, man," Dean told his partner.
"Yeah, it was strange. It came up at the end of the day. I was supposed to be working then."
"No problem, but you should probably finish eating." She said the last part softly, almost as if she was trying to keep it a secret.
"How, may I help you?"
"Castiel?" he yelled out. "You around?"
The woman stood up from the stoop and turned toward Dean, acknowledging Dean for the first time. "Hello, I'm Kali Novak. The idiot who was supposed to have informed you about our visit beforehand is my husband, Gabriel. We didn't mean for our arrival to be unplanned."
"Shoot," she said, settling down onto the couch, indicating for her son to do the same.
"Great," Sam exclaimed. "You can join us at the library. Dean takes me every couple of weeks. You weren't there the last couple of times to read stories. You do read at school, but it's not the same."
"Now, tell me more about Lucifer being sent home. He sounded a bit excited about it, honestly."
"No... We were all adopted. I don't think Naiomi would have ever thought of carrying children, even if they need heirs, to be honest. Wouldn't know how to be motherly if it bit her in the ass."
"What did they tell you?"
"Well, these creatures prefer pure blood. It's one thing if you are in a small town and there aren't many options for a stable blood supply, but it just doesn't fit. You're in a decently large town, random killings wouldn't be that threatening to secrecy."
Both brothers followed the orders and rushed up the stairs, where the sound of a shotgun going off, followed by a groan, was heard. After dealing with the two demons who were still in the hallway. Searching for the last two, a strong gust of wind ran through the house. The sound of wind breaking was heard. Following the sound, they were led into the guest bedroom. Looking around, they saw nothing until suddenly, the closet door had opened.
"I see you need more time to think about this," Zachariah with a mock understanding voice. "We'll leave for now. I'm sure that you will be able to..."
In a couple of minutes, the group was out on the road: Mary and Bobby in his old junker, and Sam, Dean, and Celine in the Impala. Although the sky was darkening, no one nodded off. They were too wired to doing anything else.
"Hey, brotha," Benny said, not looking up. "I was wondering when you would show up. I'm not doing your paperwork for you."
Walking into the kitchen, Mary noticed Cas sitting at the table, rubbing his growing stomach. Looking at the baby bump, she noticed it was a lot large than it had been a couple of days ago. If she didn't know better, she would think that he was nine months along and would go into labor at any moment.
After another half-hour of doing paperwork, Chief Singer came out of his office.
"No, but I needed to."
"So, what do you think is going to happen with this case?" Kali asked.
'Okay then,' Dean thought to himself, dragging Sammy away from the woman with him before he did something he regretted. He guided his little brother down to the bright blue sign proclaiming that it was Mr. Novak's classroom. The door was wide open, and the squeals of small pups were heard inside.
"I just think it's something that we could all do together. I think it'll be fun."
"Why are the two of you scaring parents?" Castiel gently asked though he kept looking over their shoulders, trying to find something that wasn't there.
"You two got ice cream?" Sam asked the two of them with a chuckle.
Celine led the entire group out of the back of her shop, iron container in hand. It was a back alley with only one main entrance down here. As they saw John snooping around. "What are you looking for?" Celine asked him blankly, making John turn around quickly and look where the voice came from. "Maybe I can help you so you can stop looking through my things."
Benny thought for a minute before agreeing that he also didn't have a better idea. "Don't do anything stupid," he muttered.
"The last year, really, but have been sending off information really for the last six months?"
"What sort of problems?" Zachariah cut in.
"It didn't work for Christie."
"Yes, ma'am. I am the supervisory agent in charge of investigating this case. My duties were more so geared toward the human trafficking angle that this case took. After possible murders were implicated as well, I brought in another agent to primarily work murders so that I could focus on the trafficking component."
"I hope she does not end up like you."
"Why would someone want to threaten my parents?"
"You've reached the master of the universe. How may I help you?"
"There's nothing you could have done."
"Why were you so scared of me when we first met?"
"Bailiffs, get her out of here. I don't want to hear another word out of her."
He pulled on an old T-shirt before making his way downstairs. He looked out into the driveway, noticing that the permanent fixture of Lucifer's car was no longer parked close to the end of the driveway. Maybe Cas finally convinced him to go home and get some sleep.
"What are the chances he won't cause problems?" Sam asked.
After an hour of continuous work, Castiel and Celine had finished their part. Handing the last page of notes to Sam, she said: "This is the last of it."
The conversation was slightly halted when the waiter came back with their food. With him leaving, it started back up between bites of food.
"He's the reason that everything's wrong," John simply stated, trying to sidestep the woman. Suddenly;t there was pain radiating from his left cheek. Mary's hand was still up from the hit.
"He was stalking around looking through my stuff," Celine said. "He's probably in the back right now."
"The captain called for the head omega and was shocked when a beta woman came forward."
"Make sure Sam to college was well?" Dean pleaded.
Before Castiel could continue, Lucifer opened his mouth to respond. Before he could utter a sound, a buzzer-like sound was emitted from Amara that ended only when he closed his mouth. Turning to look at her with a glare, she continued.
"Yes," Celine said in a low tone. "Do you have a problem with that?"
Maddie quickly followed the instructions before turning around. "Stay here," Maddie sternly ordered Dean.
"But, you stayed with them?"
"I'm Sam," the pup said shyly.
"It's for my brother," Dean responded. "We're going to pick him up now."
"It's an anti-possession charm."
As he slowly crept into the makeshift nest, Cas woke up to the movement, pulling Sam closer to his chest while he opened his eyes. Recognizing the green eyes, Cas relaxed and sat up to lick at the tip of Dean's snout before settling back down. Dean curled around the two and quickly went to sleep.
"You're FBI?" Lucifer asked, almost disbelieving.
"It better be working," Bobby muttered. "The full moon is tonight. We don't have much choice."
The two jumped and noticed a brunette woman in all black standing behind them.
"Amara sent me home."
"I think it's sometime after six. I'm an earlier riser. I just wanted to find coffee."
"Do you want anything?" he asked Cas who was putting up with her tasting everything.
Inside the closet, there was a hole through the back. It was standing empty. Dean raced to the human-sized hole in the wall and tried to make his way through. On the other side, he saw Emily resting unconscious in Sebastian's arms and the two girls in the arms of the other demon.
"Sammy!" he called, catching the running child before he ran directly into his knees. "I was wondering what was taking you so long. I've been here so long. 'Where's my best little friend?' I kept asking myself. I wanted to show you the movies I downloaded. See to know what you wanted to watch.
Celine looked up to answer the older hunter. "They stopped the summoning portion of the spell. That's what you were able to see. Riley and I can still see the locating spell in effect. It's not directly affecting her, but it's there."
"I would prefer to do that if possible," Mary said.
"Alright. Bye, Mr. Novak. See you next week."
"Right. His parents have come back around."
After a minute, the humans felt the force keeping them on the walls weaken. At this, Celine started chanting loudly. Slowly she was forcing herself off the wall. Once the demons saw that she was succeeding, they moved their attention to her, trying to keep her still and trying to get her to stop yelling.
"I can still feel some resistance. Probably some warding," Celine announced as she brushed away the ashes, revealing a piece of unburned map. "Colorado Springs. It's not too far away from here, maybe a few more hours, considering the speed we've been driving at."
"Where do you suppose we go?" Dean asked.
"Huh?" Dean asked.
"I didn't hear you say that, and I don't want you to say anything like that where you could be heard. That would do nothing but add extra charges on top of everything. Charges I wouldn't be able to help you with. Now, tell me about this financial angle they started on. What can you tell me about that?"
"But sharing is caring, Sam."
"Yeah, we found one of their places and arrested a couple of the players there. Hopefully, this doesn't get out. We tried to keep it quiet."
"No, Sam, an hour at the most."
"As far as we know, they had nothing to do with the murders, just the kidnapping," Bobby noted. "But if we can prove the link, they could be implicated as accomplices as providing the victims."
"There were a couple. Even with those, this is the center of the activity," Sam answered.
"What?" Sam and Dean yelled at him.
She looked around and saw row after row of headstones. Knowing she was in a cemetery, she looked toward the closest slab of stone, knowing that it would be her grave that she was buried into. It read:
As John's face whitened from the information he was hearing, the demon continued. "Now, we're going to leave here, and you are going to give us information."
"You only noted two children. Did Dean tell you about the third child?"
"Can I text you..."
"That would be the spell completing," Celine answered. "It's trying to get past all the warding."
"What seems to be the problem?" Naomi asked.
Castiel turned his back to the rest of them, hoping the pup didn't notice his red eyes from the tears.
"Anytime is the right time," Celine asserted. Putting his empty hand across his brow and just shook his head. "I bet he didn't cry when Mufasa died," Celine stage whispered.
By that point, John was standing up again, readying the knife again. Trying to take a step, he was interrupted by Mary suddenly standing in front of him.
"And we're just supposed to take your word for it?" John asked, failing to keep his anger out of his voice.
"That didn't happen."
"No, the warding is too strong. I cannot tell you how many demons are here."
Dean figured that the nightmare had something to do with that. Her brother didn't see the body, so hopefully, he wouldn't have those same nightmares.
Celine looked down at the package and instantly froze, the smile quickly leaving her face. Awkwardly she continued, "You can put the box right there. I don't remember ordering anything. Do you know who sent it?"
"Hello," he spoke into the phone. "Yes, good afternoon, Dr. Robertson. De you have more information for us?"
Michael made his way off the bench as he made his way the where everyone else was in the courtroom. Amara ran up to him before holding her hand out in a fist bump.
"It's a thing. Answer the question."
As soon as Cas was aware that they wouldn't have been heard, he asked Mary, "Why did you not tell him?" with his head tilted and eyes squinted.
"I'm going to assume that you hear the entirety of the conversation," Mary told him.
"Lady, you're crazy and obviously think that you're not being lied to by your so-called clients. I courted my mate, and then his parents tried to buy him from me. If anything, Amara is protecting us. Maybe get your facts straight before you come around making accusations."
Abbadon thought about it for a moment. "That could work. Michael hasn't had any charges against him. It's possible we could make him look guilty."
"And does Sam know about your relationship?" Lucifer asked out of nowhere.
"No, no, no," Sam gently reprimanded pulling his hair from her grasp.
The group found an unlocked door and slowly made their way in, wondering what they would be walking into.
"Oh, it must be really hard being a single father, especially with kids this age. I know it is being a single mother. Maybe we can give help each other."
"Because they like annoying me? They want to see me suffer? I've stopped questioning them."
"Cassie called me saying our parents were here. I looked around some trying to find a trace of them, but they're good, I'm sure you've noticed. I'm hoping that I can trace whatever they used on your lawn to trace something back to them."
Charlie turned around again and started typing. Within a few minutes, she had several pictures on her screens, from driver's licenses and family photos.
The man straightened up and stopped shaking. The gun hand was firmly placed against the woman's temple, who was still pleading with Dean to save her.
"Should he be doing that?" Mary asked. "I mean, has he healed enough?"
Mary soon pushed herself away from her boys and sat down on the couch again. Wiping her eyes, she continued, "How did really go? We didn't hear anything for a while."
"Good night, Dean."
"He asked if Sam knew about us, very disappointed with the answer."
"Dean and Cas still don't know what sex the baby is," Sam teases the two.
"We would like to take our son home," Naomi slowly answered. "I think we have been quite lenient, letting him out and see the world and get an education. But now, it's time to stop the nonsense and actually come back to the real world."
"Present with them is a representative from Pup Protective Services, Dorothy Baum. She will be present through the entire interview," Dean said to the voice recorder. Then to the children, he asked, "Do you remember what woke you up this morning?"
With a shocked look on her face, Abbadon stumbled back off the porch while Dean walked back in. He stood in the doorway until Abbadon's car had pulled out of the driveway and disappeared down the street. He locked the door behind him before typing a number into his phone. Holding it to his ear, he waited until a voice came up.
"Yeah," Celine mused. "I've adopted all of them as mine. Once they're safe, I can sleep."
"Thanks for all your help."
Mary followed closely behind the two. Instead of continuing to glare at each other, Bobby left the room while John finished his coffee. John continued his thinking from the other day. Obviously, the angel, if he even was an angel, was manipulating his sons; Dean the most as Sam would do practically anything Dean said. Even used Mary's infatuation with angels against them. Even Mary and the old bastard were falling for this cheap shot. Now, he just had to bid his time. Good things, after all, come to those who wait.
"That they had something to do with this?"
"You seem to be in perfect health aside from all nausea that you've been feeling. If you are pregnant, that will go away with some time. I'm saying if because there is such thing as a false positive. I'd also ask about your suppressant use. Most people who come here are already off their medication since they're trying for a baby. The doc might ask for a blood test to make sure that everything's okay. Have you eaten today?"
"They're getting the most time from the murders and not anything else?" Cas asked worriedly.
"What did you hear about me?"
After what felt like forever, it ended. The dark sight went away from Emily as she fell forward as the tension holding her back let off. Riley quickly squirmed, trying the get Mary to let her go, which she did, and ran to her mother. Before she got there, Celine quickly grasped the girl and pulled her into her lap.
"Objection," Deamon interrupted. "Relevance."
Sam looked at Dean with an incredulous look on his face. Dean faced him with a shrug and a raised eyebrow, which calmed Sam down somehow.
The bitter scent of alpha anger filled the room before Lucifer could walk himself. Amara was quick to get out of her chair and charge her way out.
"Thank you, your honor. We would like to call Michael Novak to the stand."
"Mated? That was what you were going to say, right? From what we know, it's very new. It shouldn't be that hard to break."
"What do you mean by 'expert?'" By this point, John had been butted out of any possible conversation, but he didn't care, because he wanted to know about this expert as well.
"Aww," came Sam's voice was heard coming from the trees.
"Cassie is. I need to go to him."
"Assuming this has nothing to do with reincarnation, cause I mean, who would know, the person that used this symbol would have to know about the story. Nowadays, people are translating a bunch of old texts. Maybe someone translated this book. I already have a program that looks at different texts. I'm sure that I can whip something up to search for ancient texts. I'll have to do so off the clock, but I'm sure I can find something.
"I don't know what's it's trying to say," Lucifer said, walking back toward him, "but they did leave a message."
Lucifer had turned on his heel and was walking away from everyone. Over his shoulder, he heard the soft "Uh oh" coming from Donna. He kept going even when he felt the hair on the back of his neck raise but kept going. Until he walked straight into a wall. Well, it felt like a wall. Lucifer couldn't walk any further, and it took energy trying and failing to continue walking. From behind him, he heard Charlie gasp. He tried to turn to look at her, but he realized that he couldn't move at all. Looking down, Lucifer noticed that his body was encased in black smoke.
"The Novaks have a large political presence, and you knew that the site of origin was Utah. It wouldn't be too surprising with the facts ended up the way you would want to appear. Can't you see that as a possibility?"
"I have plenty of time."
"Mr. Novak? I got to go potty."
"I am not carrying any type of cargo. I am not a ship."
"I believe that we may have something to do with that."
"I don't know."
Celine hopped out of the driver's seat and got her daughter from the seat behind her. Emily reluctantly unbuckled herself and slid out as well.
"Again, dude, no. If you want to know so much about her, I can give you the case file. And by the way, I also told her that you were taking pictures of her."
"There was an attempted kidnapping to sell him. I don't put it past these bastards to make sure you went into heat for the 'sale.' I need you to coordinate with Chief Singer at the precinct with any information you get and have it sent over. I don't care how many organizations you have to contact. Castiel, we're going to the precinct. Now."
"I remember when my son was born," Jody said with a slightly mournful tone. "One of the happiest moments of my life." Blinking away tears, she turned and pulled out some papers she brought with her. "Alright, I just need you to sign a couple of papers, and then you can move into your new lives."
"You were going to put all the money you stole back, weren't you?"
"I'm glad," he said. "Not that you should not have children. That is not at all what I was saying. Just that..."
"You get the rooms," Dean ordered. Before Sam could groan about it, Dean asked: "Do you want to look after the two of them?"
"This is just something you learn to deal with," Dean told her. "I don't know how Sam gets as dirty as he does eating either. I think it's just a gift kids all seem to have and then grow out of."
Dean was tense as he crouched behind the wall. On the other side, he could hear their suspect mumbling to himself. When he looked around, he was still waving the gun around the room but hadn't let out a shot since they stepped out of the room.
"Do you think that we should have left the two of them together?" Sam asked Dean worriedly, while on their way to the morgue's office.
Cas shook his head as he rid the sleep from his eyes and saw his brother and sister-in-law sitting at the kitchen counter. "What are you doing here?" he asked.
"Yes, we, in fact, had several members of different human trafficking rings arrested and charged for their correspondence with my persona."
"Mr. Novak, can you explain to the court what your qualifications for being here today?"
Walking back to the living area, the man still had his hands on his head turned away from him. Dean pulled the man's arms behind him and cuffed him as he read him his rights.
"Matt? Can I call you Matt? There really is no reason for this. I can call them right now and tell them to hold their fire. Is that what you need from me?"
"Our parents..." Lucifer growled out. "Just follow me."
"Your mother saw me eating ice cream and pickles. She said she ate the same thing when she was pregnant with Dean."
"Thanks, Amara," Dean gratefully said.
"She has a bright soul," Cas said.
"Yeah, that was something I didn't understand," Emily stated. "Why would you want a child.? You're not a weirdo, are you?"
"I think we've saved the world enough times. I think we deserved a break, at least until the kid's grownup.
"No reason?" Lucifer scoffed as if he just heard the most absurd thing. The man took a deep breath before turning back to the other alpha in the room. "You hurt my brother, for any reason whatsoever, and you're dead. There won't even be a body to find when I'm done with you. And trust me, I would get away with it too."
"What? Like you? I've learned from all the other idiots who came before me that getting in your area is a terrible idea." Once finished saying this, he loosened the hand around Celine's neck. "Although I suppose I should introduce myself. You can call me Sebastian."
"Don't ask questions. Answer them."
"But that's the best part about me."
"Really?" Kali mentioned. "What type of cases do you work on?"
"I thought I saw a small white light," Celine said behind Mary, surprising the kneeling woman and holding a large glass jar of salt. "I didn't understand how all that darkness contained a small ray of light."
"It was nice chatting with you, Winchester, but it is time for us to go," Sebastian said with a smirk.
"The ash without really being ash. Your omega being in trouble. It just reminded me of a story my grandfather used to tell me when I was little. Honestly, I hadn't thought about it for a long time."
"That wasn't the plan," Cas admitted, a blush covering his face.
"My role was to get involved with the 'supply running' of the operation."
"Of course. Let's make sure Luci starts his work first. You know he'll try to get out of work. He did the same thing in school."
"I came as quickly as I could."
"I think Celine was right," Sam stated.
He looked through the pages for a while before setting the pages down. To Dean and Mary, he asked "do you two see anything about 'the worthless?'" he asked them.
"Want to join me in torturing Dean over breakfast?" Amara asked Lucifer.
Cas has a slight blush on his face. "Nothing, I just really like burgers."
"Or you could just call her," Cas softly muttered.
"Not much. I finally got in touch with Donald's parole officer; he should be coming in anytime if he was giving a proper estimate. After calling Pup Protective Services, a representative hasn't come over yet. They are overworked right now. But in great news, I found a next of kin. Daniel was an only child, but Lily had a sister. I can't call her yet, of course, but it will save some time," He finished off by handing Benny a folder of information. Looking toward Dean and the kids, she said with a wink, "There's some snack in the break room. I got the good stuff."
"What did he want?" Dean asked.
"There are many other omegas in the world. I am sure the next generation will be fine."
"But I don't know those other omegas, do I? I'm just trying to do my part."
"Womanly instinct," she responded, "And I craved the same when I was pregnant with Dean. It was cookie dough with Sam.
"Who exactly is this agent?"
Harvelle turned on her heel as she wanted back to the front of the courtroom. Grabbing a set of files before leaving the room, aide close behind.
"Well, the last rehab center closed a couple of months ago, forcing all of the addictions in their care to fend for themselves," Emily told the group. "A couple of safe havens had popped up here and there I've seen a couple of flyers for them around town. They're people who will take you in and help you with withdrawal. It's not the safest way, but it's what we have. Every single one of the needs at least two people to help if the person gets out of control during.
"Just got some in this morning."
Sorry for the really short chapter. School has been kicking my butt lately, but I really wanted to get something out to you guys. I have no clue when the next time I'll post will be, but the next chapter is the date.
"We're still not sure if you're who you say you are, so I think I can."
"He doesn't like flying," Cas tried to explain.
"We're fine," Bobby responded.
Instead of letting John have another word, she turned around and stormed back into the shop. John looked back at her in shock. He looked at his sons and saw that they had impressed looks on their faces. The thing looked at him in interest, as if his reaction was found amusing to it. He brushed it off and took the shock off his face. The three in front of him turned around and went inside as well. John took a moment to get completely over his shock before following them back in.
They stood up off the cemetery floor, slowly noticing that Mary was not in the clothes that she died in. Instead of the long white nightgown, she was wearing black, skinny jeans, an orange T-shirt, and some black boots. John was wearing the same blue canvas jacket and green tee he had died in. Knowing that they were wearing clothes that would help keep them inconspicuous for living in this time, he said nothing, but for Mary, it was a different story.
"Why would they do that?" Kali asked.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel replied with a small smile on his face.
Dean walked into the classroom and was overcome by the scent of apple pie and home. It was the best scent he had ever smelled. He searched the classroom for the source of the delicious smell and was met with the most beautiful, blue eyes that he had ever seen. He almost immediately got lost in them. He would have stayed there staring had Sammy not decided to grab at his arm again.
"Wow..." Amara drew out. "You couldn't make that sound any less creepy, could you? 'I'll always  be around.'"
"Her being a witch means that she's automatically evil. What else are we supposed to pull from that?"
"Was that good? Did we win?" Gabe asked anxiously as he stood up.
"Come on, bud. It's the first date. Let me get to know them first."
"Wait a second," Celine said. She reread the notes that she had written and turned back in forth between the last couple of pages. "I think this is a spell or at least an attempt at one." She held the pages out so that everyone could see. She continued as she points out aspects of the pages. "Here is the start of an 'ingredients' list followed by a bunch of instructions. In the end, there are some observations as to what happened."
Dean sat on the edge of his desk, waiting until he could work again. He looked over at Charlie, who was still sitting in Benny's chair with an awestruck look on her face.
"Just blanking out."
"What do they serve?"
"What that like?"
"Are you trying to say that I don't know how to do my job correctly because I'm an omega?"
"What do we have?" John asked gruffly. "It's almost dark."
"Good to know," Kali said for the first time relaxing for the first time in the other omega's presence and giving the woman a smile.
Dean chuckled at his little brother, instantly going back to sleep before letting out a yawn now that the atmosphere had calmed down. "I think he has the right idea. Think you can go back to sleep?"
The boys started down their hallway. They slowly opened each door one by one. Making sure nothing jumped out at them from the shadows. They continued until farther down the hall, they saw light shining from underneath one of the doors. Dean crept behind the door with Sam on the other side to go in immediately when it opened. Counting under his breath, Dean quickly opened the door on the count of three, and Sam walked in shotgun at the ready. There was a moment of silence, where the demons didn't completely understand what they were seeing before going to attack.
Cas looked at the test, not believing it and yet hoping more than anything it was true. There was a soft knock on the door, and Cas opened it up to see Amara with a concerned look on her face.
Dean found a motel a mile or so away from the outskirts of the city, sketchy as usual, but it was something. Pulling into a space, the two brothers immediately stepped out of the Impala. Leaning against the hood, sam hand out the IDs they would need for this case.
"So, it's almost over?" Cas rushed out.
"The Winchester Gospel?" John and Mary asked almost simultaneously.
"As an FBI consultant, I have to do background checks to work with them every-so-often. When Agent Bellum came to me for my help in this operation, I agreed."
"I'm right here. Just needed to get all this paperwork. It would be a mess if we'd forgotten it."
"Hey," Amara yelled at the two of them. "I don't break-in. I just enter."
"I don't think so, but... I don't know. Have had a bad feeling about this."
The young officer pulled up a database and quickly dialed a number into the phone. He was silent for a bit before he was pulled into a conversation by the person on the other end.
Cas looked around the living room, noticed his family sitting around a cake on the coffee table with no decorations around them.
Dean laid his head down on his desk is groaned. "You know Cas, right?"
The sound on the other end was muffled as Gabe took the phone away from his mouth. "Kali! I need to go out to Kansas."
Mary got to work, while John stayed around her.  Not one thing about this made any sense to him. He played the scene over and over again in his head, but couldn't make anything out of it. He taught his sons right; hell, he learned everything from Bobby, yet the man was demented as well if he trusted anything that creature had to say. Somehow it had his wife under its spell as well, even with only being in its presence for a short while. This thing was powerful and smart enough to know that turning John all lovey-dovey would be too much of a giveaway. John knew that there was no way for him to take on this thing by himself; he would have to figure out that thing's plan and work up a counterspell if need be.
"Right, sure," Lucifer said, opening the door so that Captain Mills could come in before closing the door behind her. He led the woman into the kitchen, where Dean was trying to get the pups to eat and pack their bags. Thankfully, they were already dressed for the day. Assumably Amara did so before going into the master bedroom.
"What do you mean," Sam asked.
"But...," Emily said, coming out of her fog.
"Really?" Cas asked excitedly.
"What?" Dean whispered back.
"So, what you're saying that there are people that know what we do," John slowly spoke.
"I'm sorry," he told her blankly. "I haven't had the chance to teach him the detailed biographies of video game characters. I've been busy teaching him how to read and write."
"I told you to leave, now do it," Amara growled.
"What happened to your wings?" Dean asked the angel.
"Been showing my new partner around."
"There's a warehouse district that is pretty much in the center of where all of the bodies were found," Sam answered. "There is a very high rate of arrests in the area involving drugs compared to the others, so that's our best bet."
"If they have, I don't know. Amara and Donna suggested keeping the two investigations separate if Momma and Dad Novak decided to look into what happened to their people. It won't do much good having them connected to murder cases. Also, in case they get a call about the info, there's no reason for them to be killed."
"Nope, they're keeping it quiet. By the way, Captain Mills said she would be by this morning. Wants ask some questions since Cassie would have time to calm down a bit."
Singer was following up close to her, standing beside her as she stopped. "Well, finally got this one off the warpath. You're going to have a lot of work on your hands."
"I don't know, maybe. He really doesn't leave the house except to go to work or to spend time in the back yard."
"Mikey?" Dean asked, grabbing the phone.
Castiel sighed and shook his head. "You're going to do whatever you want anyway. Might as well agree to it."
"Did you get Sam's car seat?" Cas asked as soon as he got the chance.
"Yeah," Sam agreed. "She was not putting up with him."
Mary was restless throughout the night. She continued to toss around through the night. She was able to get a couple of hours here and there but nothing substantial. She spent the majority of her time thinking about what she could have possibly been missing. The impression she of John she received from the boys and Emily were starkly different from her memories. She turned around to face the clock between the beds. She watched the red numbers blink until it was an acceptable time to wake up based on the agreed meet time.
Mills cleared her throat and gave a little sniffle before blanking her face once again. "We have some photos of the perpetrators. I was wondering if you recognized them. Maybe around the school, while you went shopping."
"Either way, the other guys should probably have something by now," Lucifer said as he looked at his phone. "Seems that they have a couple of identities. Let's see if I can find them."
"Why would I stake you?"
The shop smelled of lavender and cinnamon. Across one wall, there were bunches of different types of herbs. Along rows and rows of aisles, there were many different items: tarot cards, crystals, oils, and pouches to name a few. At the front of the store was a woman working on a computer next to a cash register. Every couple of seconds she would check a notebook that was by her side before looking at the screen again.
The pup gave Cas a determined look, handing his book over, before following the alpha outside of the house. Cas watched the two go outside and Lucifer try to sneak Sam a bag of jelly beans before grabbing the laptop out of the back seat and watched as the two of them joked on their way back.
"She's obviously innocent. If she wasn't, I'm sure that group of idiots would have dropped dead by now."
"Well, farewell for now. Just know, I will show up if you don't keep up with my demands."
The man took her hand and shook it. "Bobby," he said.
"There's nothing to say."
"You may," Kali agreed. "You can stay here and make sure to get the scheduling and start to set stuff up since you'll be in town. Might be easier when talking to people."
"But you got the guy. He probably will not even see the outside again. My knowledge is fairly limited, but I heard that prisoners do not take kindly to those who hurt pups."
"Cassie told us that there was a man named Uriel, a part of our parents'... operation let's say... of selling... omegas."
Unfortunately, that did nothing to appease the pup. His eyes started to water, and he began to sniffle. "I don't want them to go."
"Make sure kids don't run out into the road or run too deep into the woods. It's usually a really peaceful day."
"When I woke up, she asked about what happened yesterday. How did she know?"
"Just left, actually."
Castiel watched over the children who were running around to the oranging forest. Fall was almost here, and he was thinking about the yearly trip he took with his class to the park. It was always his favorite part of the school year. Watching the children run around. It wasn't unusual for those who had already started shifting again to run around wolves and refuse to turn back when it was time to go back. The extra change of clothes he asked parents to bring was always helpful.
Dean opened his mouth to respond but was cut off by another voice joining the conversation.
"It was an accident," Gabe sulked. "I didn't know you changed the passwords and everything. How was I supposed to know?"
"I thought you were on my side?" Dean complained.
"Cas had wings? I mean, I knew he had wings, but actual wings."
"Hello, Detective Winchester," Abbadon greeted with a wide small. "I've found some things that you might want to know. May I come in?"
"I've read that it takes hours to give birth."
"Now, can you tell me what happened?" Dean hurriedly asked.
Mary, ignoring the man, asked Sam "Were there other areas that looked good for this?"
"Are you okay?" he asked her, concern lacing his voice.
"What time is it?" he asked her.
John felt his face heat up in anger. There's no way he was going to let her go by herself, but there was also no way that she was going off with the thing. Slowing down his thoughts, he had to go with the lesser evil. The thing wouldn't kill her just yet. It had to be too soon.
Dorothy didn't stay there. She quickly turned on her heels and walked away. Dean was quick to follow her, with the children following like ducks after their mama.
"There's no one else, and there is never going to be anyone else," Dean growled at the two. They seemed to be humoring him.
"The sooner, the better..."
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"Barely lost a wink."
This was the point where Mary put her hand back into John's. He could feel her pulling him along, wishing he would hurry. For a woman, she was pretty strong.
Lucifer turned around and noticed Amara standing there with a full plate of food in her hands with a stern look on her face, looking back and forth between the brothers.
"Dean," Sam pulled on his shirt. "We're hungry." Steve stood beside him and nodded his head.
"The night you died, I felt - knew- that there was something wrong. You were stuck to the ceiling and suddenly flames came out of your body. So I investigated what happened and discovered the existence of supernatural beings. And, to answer your previous question, I gave up both my south and ten years. Now, why didn't you tell us about all this evil, supernatural crap even existed?"
"He was not happy when I said that I was going out with an alpha. He wants to meet you before we leave. I understand if you decide not to come."
"Amara said you sounded weird," Cas answered, reaching out for Dean's hand.
The group all moved in the direction, slowly watching out for any movement. They came across a gigantic warehouse, the only one with electricity and noise coming out of it.
"Hello?"
Emily just shrugged it off. She led the group of hunters and angels to the front door. As she got there, she flipped the sign open and opened the doors for them. "That was fun, but let's never do this again." She closed the door before they could respond as she went back to the store.
"I know right," Amara squealed before reaching for her purse, pulling out a onesie. "Look at this cute little bee onesie I found. I got it a little big, so the pup can still wear it for a while."
"The first real set of entries were different experiments that didn't go so well," Sam responded. "It was mostly tweaking the formula until that worked."
"You have that right," a sweet feminine voice said as a smaller black woman walked in. "I'm Dr. Missouri Mosely, but you can just be Missouri. Now, you're here because you think you're pregnant."
"I don't know?"
"Yes, she was showing a large amount of power, especially for her age," Cas responded. "It is often that evil forces will be attracted to power like that, especially from those who are young as they are easily manipulated. Looking at her mind, she has a strong showing of strength. Also, she has a mentor that has been guiding her."
Dean felt eyes burning into his back. He did everything he could to ignore it, but it was taking everything inside of him. The only distraction was that endless pile of paperwork that seemed to get larger every time he turned his head. It had been like this for weeks, but the dread continued pooling in his stomach.
"I could take care of you through this heat, or we can complete our mating bond."
Cas looked at himself in confusion. "She healed me."
It was much later when Castiel finally woke up from his long slumber. He was still disoriented that he did not feel the hand that was resting against his extended stomach. He slowly sat up and saw Dean slumbering beside him with an opened book beside his head. Fully seated, Dean's hand fell off of his stomach, yet the man kept on sleeping.
Now, now. Don't distract me. I would like to know that brunette's name. I might have to see her later."
"Fixing things," he called back to her. The creature was fulling turned toward him with its head tilted to the left. Both Sam and Dean stood to walk toward the man. John, as he went the last step, pulled the knife out of the back of his pants. Both boys went running for their father but they were too late. John had already started descending on the creature. Just as the knife was about to finish is assault, John felt a force pushing him back.
The diner was sparsely populated. There were families and older couples scatter throughout, with open spaces where you couldn't overhear what someone was saying. It was the perfect place to talk about how crazy this case was.
"Thank you," she said handing back the clipboard. She continued to stare at the package even while the man left the store. "Emily!" she yelled across the store.
The two were deep into the work when there was yet another disturbance.
"Ah, don't be like that, sweetheart."
Cas shook his head at the two of them. Long lost siblings, he once again thought to himself as everyone else kept on laughing to themselves.
"I would like to talk to Castiel now. Do you mind?"
"Lucifer did tell me you wanted to talk to me, but I suppose he was wrong. Goodbye."
"I don't think now is the right time for a meet-and-greet."
"I know, but do tell him that it wouldn't help things if he showed up here."
John was pushed around for a bit before he was placed on an empty bench. He heard the metal bars grate as the door closed. He closed his eyes and hoped his headache would go away soon.
"How could this get any worse?" Mary asked, looking at the two again.
"There's one more thing," Dean said awkwardly.
"So, there's nothing we can do?" Dean depressingly asked.
"I thought he was your son. I was trying to figure out why you talked about your brother so much and not your son. This makes a lot more sense."
"What you said earlier."
"Sam, you don't have to bring all of them," Cas tried to tell the boy. "They'll still be here tomorrow."
Mary thought back to the way John immediately tried to pick a fight with her boys. He immediately attacked Dean because of who he fell in love with. Sam tried to skirt around how John made him feel about going to college. Maybe she was just missing a piece of the puzzle from an unbiased source.
Also, this is a police drama filled chapter, and the next one will also probably be one. All my knowledge of procedure is from watching cop shows on television so please don't judge too harshly. There's a couple of time jumps because I hate writing driving scenes.
"Hey, buddy, how do you feel about all of us going to school together?" Dean asked the pup.
Dean had never been a very religious person but felt his stomach drop at the name. He had a feeling that the man in front of him would live up to the name if he thought it was necessary.
The silence the filled the room lasted minutes was broken, but the doorbell ringing.
"No. Only Dean can."
Sam and Lucifer were lost in their conversation about the snacks they brought, while Cas turned back to his alpha.
"Your parents are assholes. Even you told me this."
"That's what my mommy says."
"So, I'm guessing the aunt came for the kids. Think she's alright?"
The group of five was walking back to the Impala that was parked not too far away. Dean popped the trunk for Mary to place the charms before getting in. Once settled in their seats, John asked: "What exactly is the plan?"
"Where are you now?"
Instead of talking to Dean, the man knelt down so that he was at Sammy's height. What surprised Dean more was the slightly garbled sound that came out of the soft voice.
Dean laid back in bed, his mate's head resting against his beating heart. He'd been up for a few hours and not wanting to get out of bed after the long hours he put in this week. This resulted in him playing with Cas' hair for the last couple of hours. He wondered if the omega knew that he let off a soft purr when he was asleep. It was a peaceful morning, with the light streaming into the blinds.
"Well, he found some information out. I'm sure he'll tell you about it later. I was trying to tell him that him coming down here was pointless."
"After that," Christie said, "He tied us together. He yelled at us, saying he was our dad."
"Dean Winchester."
"Yes, I did. If it were my family in trouble, I would want someone to do the same. Also, there's safety in numbers, or so I've been told."
Dean, hearing him clearly, hugged him more tightly for a second and kissing his temple, before letting him go. In almost tandem, his and his angel's stomach growled. Sam shook his head at both of them.
"Don't have a wife," Dean responded, not likely where this conversation was going.
"We can work with that," Dean told her.
"For the next hour, then we'll be back for even more questioning before coming back the next day," Lucifer said as he stretched from his seat beside Castiel.
"Excuse me, no alphas allowed," Amara announced from her position. "This is an omega and children-only space."
"His name is Castiel, and he has these gorgeous blue eyes," Dean started.
It was a teacher workday for Sam's school, but Dean still had to come to work. Sam was excited to be able to visit Dean's workplace. He was never able to come any time before, and Sam saw it as an adventure. The pup was carrying a heavy book bag with all of the things he felt he needed for the day.
Cas took a deep breath. "That's a long story."
"You will. I know it," Amara said confidently.
She slowly peeked out from the door and saw the utterly empty hallway. She squeezed through the door and tried to reposition it, so it looked like it never opened. She slowly made her way back to the stairway and made her way back up again.
Turning inside, he saw the two kids tied together on the bed. When they heard the door open, they turned toward the sound. The screaming soon turned to a whimper as they saw the tall alpha looming over them.
"We got lucky," Sam replied.
"Paperwork," Benny told her. "Don't you have work to do? You told us not to bother you this week."
Cas looked straight into Amara's eyes as she gave him a grin the covered her entire face.
Dean walked to the bookshelf that was in the living room. He quickly grabbed one of the children's books from the shelf and made his way upstairs. As he reached the second floor, he looked into Sam's room and saw that the bed was empty. He moved on into the guest bedroom and saw the three children cuddled up together in the bed.
"No. I want to tell you, but it's just..." Dean was looking around. There weren't any children around them. "It's just pretty bad."
"Of course. We can talk about it during the week."
"Now, I've been trying to get everything I need sent down here since it will take a bit to fully get our perps. Can you tell me everything you've found out the last couple of days, and I'll try to close some gaps?
"But... it would have made my heat suppressants null. I have not been taking them for two months."
"Sooo...," Emily drew out. "If I agree to whatever you say, you'll teach me how to get all the junk food I want. I really do love jelly beans."
"Luci, Luci!" Sam interrupted. "What movies did you get us to watch?"
"I wanted to. Have you already had dinner?"
"You look nice," the boy said, closing his gigantic workbook.
"Why don't you take her upstairs and rest for a bit? You look like you need it," Mary told him.
"I give you one more chance to give been the information I require, or else."
"Good, then," Dean continued. "This place makes pretty good ones."
"If there was, you would be the fourth to know," Castiel gently told her.
Beneath the embarrassment, Cas was able to stutter out, "I-I'm sure w-we can w-work something out."
"What were you dreaming about?" Dean asked.
"As long as we can spend lots of time out of here, I'll be good," Dean agreed.
Taking a deep breath before continue, "Yes, Sam?"
"No problem," Dan said.
"Sorry, your highness," Lucifer sarcastically said. "I figured I should tell your that food had been prepared. But if you don't want any, I suppose I could leave you to do whatever you want."
"That's because there's nothing to find!" Mary screamed at him and John looked at her in shock. "Most people who are evil don't help the people trained to kill them. That's just common sense. We're lucky they continued helping us considering what you've been doing."
"My identity was set up to be a rich alpha in the middle of Kansas that has some shady business practices. The FBI created false correspondences between myself and other clients over some time to create some trustworthiness in the community."
The children apparently thought it was hilarious as Christie and Steve giggled as they made their way into the room. Dean lifted his head and glared at the two adults as best as he could. He got nowhere except for even more giant grins covering the two's faces when Sam decided to get up and sleepily make his way out of the nest.
So... I know that a couple of you wanted Dean to adopt Christie and Steve, but I have other plans for them. I hope this appeases you guys, knowing that they will show up from time to time.
Dean grabbed the T-shirt he left at the foot of the bed and slide out of the bedroom. One the way down, he heard a door in front of him open. Looking up, he saw Sam stand at his door, wiping the sleep from his eyes.
"My grandfather told me was there was this tribe that had been blessed by the gods with a protector. They were fruitful and truly thriving. Because of that, others wanted to take the land for themselves but couldn't. Armies even were stopped in their tracks."
"Guys...," came a voice yelling down the hallway, followed by scampering footsteps. "Guys, I found something."
He found Sam and Dean collecting all of the notes they made over the last two days. The thing was just watching them do so. Mary and Celine were talking in hushed tones to one another. Based on her facial features, Celine was telling Mary something serious while Mary was nodding in agreement. Emily was hopping in and out of the room, taking things with her as she left. Once they saw him walk in, they kind of froze what they were doing and looked at him. They awkwardly continued what they were doing after a beat. He watched the conversation that was happening. He needed to know if that witch had corrupted his wife in some kind of way. He walked closer to them and noticed that they were talking about pregnancy. "Ah!" Jon thought to himself. "Of course, Mary would be interested in the baby."
"Of course, now is when her power comes through," the demon muttered angrily under breath. Emily made a determined march to the demon, not letting him out of her sight.
"Really?"
"That's what she said, but now, I'm not so sure."
"If you don't mind, please."
"Why don't you leave before I kicked your ass?" a feminine voice called from behind him.
"Alright, let's do this," Dean said, cracking his neck before booting up his computer before reaching for the first victim's folder.
"Stop calling me that."
The bailiffs came swarming around her, trying to get her settled and trying to get her out of the courtroom. Eventually, they gave up and just picked her up before taking her out of the room. It was a bit before the courtroom couldn't hear her screams couldn't be heard anymore.
"It never came up," Cas trying to explain.
The two of them walked over to an elevator and waiting for the door to open. It was tense for Castiel as he stood there, but he was paid no mind. The officer was humming some tune under his breath. The doors opened up, and Castiel was waved inside. He quickly walked in and turned around, watching the doors close him in.
"I don't think I'm the right person to ask. You've seen how that worked out."
"I'll be honest with you boys, this is going to be a tough one. Right now, it seems like an open-and-shut case, but I still wouldn't put any of the newbies on it."
"This is Lucifer," Castiel explained. "He's my big brother."
"I wasn't really planning on him showing up Monday night. It kind of just happened."
"Well, he wasn't even trying to hide anything," Benny explained. "Blah, blah. She shouldn't have left him. Blah, blah. How sare she get a new alpha? Blah, blah. How dare she have a kid with him. Blah, blah. He had a right to his kids. You know, the usual."
"You're just mad you weren't the first one to think of it, Luci," Gabe followed.
He grabbed the paper and realized that it was a check. Dean didn't count the number of zeros on it before tearing it into small pieces and stuffing the bits in his pocket. "Leave before I have you arrested for trespassing."
"At least we are going in the right direction. I'm ready to take a nap."
Dean stepped out of the car and made his way to the front door. He mentally prepared himself for the storm that was going to come his way. He took in a deep breath before ringing the doorbell. He heard steps as they made their way toward the front door before the door opened.
"How is she going to teach me that stuff?"
"They were both fairly older, professionally dressed. The man was balding with white hair, and the woman had brown hair pulled back in a tight bun."
"I can get those for you," Emily said rushing to the back.
"But you did keep him in good shape?" Zachariah asked.
"Huh?" Amara asked, now looking back to the group in front of her. "Oh, nothing. He's fine."
"We'll talk about that later. Until then, you should get ready."
"An escalator," Cas answered, trying to keep Sam moving as he stopped in the middle of the walkway.
Mary finally turned to face him with a small smile. "Admitting you're wrong is the first step, or so I heard." She took a few steps forward, toward the yard they were looking into. Looking over her shoulder, he asked him, "Are you coming? You can meet your granddaughter. Officially."
"Bees could be nice," Kali murmured. "Yellow and black coloring for all the decorations and everything. Yellow is also gender-neutral, so I think it's the perfect thing. When should we plan this."
"Well, I needed something from your bathroom and saw it lying there. I didn't go snooping."
"Distracting him didn't even do anything like it usually does," Mary agreed. "I didn't even feel the pressure give up."
Emily looked out at the expanse of dry and dying earth around her. She felt as if she were walking down a death sentence. Celine told her everything would be okay, but she could hardly believe her at this point.
"I know," Dean told them. "But you don't have to worry about him now. Now, how about I untie you guys."
"I flew," Cas said bluntly.
"She can see your wings," Dean asked, slightly alarmed.
"Dean?" he heard coming from behind him. "What's going on?"
"Oh, yeah."
"She has a point," Sam noted.
"If you say so, but if you find out more information, I want to know. I can't have my baby brother in trouble. You're too precious for this world."
"Nothing," he replied.
Dab went ahead and served everyone a generous portion of his casserole. It was quiet while everyone dug into their food.
"Is it true?" Cas asked her. "Please, let it be true."
"If you're that concerned, I can give you the case file. All the information is there."
He was well aware that his home was the only home the boys really had, but something had to give. Dean had a baby on the way and needed a home of his own. Sam would probably be with him: where one brother was, the other wasn't far behind.
WARNING: John, starting from this chapter on, will be using some very offensive language toward homosexuals. This does not reflect my views in any way, but John is a total douchebag in general in this fic. In advance, sorry if the language used coming from his mouth and thoughts offends you.
"How did you know it was me?"
"You just call her up?" Dean jokingly asked.
"Kind of hard to believe that that really happens," Amara nodded. "I mean, it happens on TV, but to know that it happens in real life..."
The response was quickly followed by the demon flashing, not realizing that Cas had flown behind her during the conversation. Cas opened his mouth to say something else when he was gone in a flash of light.
As Naomi and Zachariah Novak donate more money to orphanage after orphanage, we really need to think about where that money is coming from. It is my belief, dear reader, that the money is not truly come from a place of wanting to help. I believe that it is a scam to cover up whatever shady dealings are happening under the table.
"Second?" Lucifer asked, sulking.
"If this is what it's going to take to have them believe us, then why not just do it?" she responded with a look of determination crossing her features.
Right as he finished, he turned on his heel and walked out of the gymnasium. Cas looked at his brother as he left the room while biting his bottom left, fear oozing out of his pores.
In the next moment, the demon was pushed to the far end of the room. Before Emily could see where he landed, she took off down the hallway to continue searching for an exit.
"Yes, you can color."
"What are you going to do? Shoot me?" the man questioned, flickering his glance toward the gun the was still in Dean's hands.
Cas, who was starting to understand more human phrases, did not question why Sam though a person's stomach would eat itself. There were mechanisms in place to prevent that from happening. He could hear in Sam's voice, though, that he was joking. As the three guys left the room. Cas stayed huddled to Dean. He had noticed that the angel had become more and more clingy as his pregnancy continued. The longer he has gone, the less time he felt like he could stay away from Dean. He feels more and more anxious. He knows that he normally would not be feeling this way, but he did not care at this point. He wanted to be with the father of his child, his grace-mate.
The engine cut off and Bobby was seen straggling toward the door. "You gonna let is in, idjit?"
Dean climbed down first quickly followed by Sam. Mary turned to go in next, noticing that the angel was gone. Assuming that he was already underground, Mary climbed down as well, John trailing in the back.
"Kill her pup!" Charlie screamed at the two. "What kind of monster does that?"
"Why not?" Mary asked with genuine interest.
"Those kids are way too smart to believe anything but the truth," Dean agreed before standing up. He grabbed the omega's hand, which he gladly took, and pulled the man up to him. Resting his head against the omega's, he continued, "You ready for this?"
"I'm glad you enjoyed it. Who are you here with?"
"None-ya?"
"Cassie!" Gabe's voice came through the phone. "Why weren't you answering your phone?"
Escorting the omega to the passenger side, Dean heard him say to himself, "she's beautiful." Dean felt his affection for the man grow tenfold. Opening the passenger door, as the omega was getting in, he wondered out loud. "How much would you bet that your brother is watching us through the blinds?"
"You look nothing like them," Dean commented, looking back and forth between the man and woman in the picture. No one had Castiel's dark hair or Lucifer's blonde hair. No features were connecting either one to their children.
"None-ya," Celine answered.
"Demons being petulant, not taking orders, think that having the baby will be the way to take charge of hell, have unlimited amounts of power."
"Okay," Michael sighed before dragging his hand down his face. "While I was in their house, I found all our adoption records."
"What... What are you doing here?" Cas stuttered, glancing between Zachariah and Naomi Novak, the source of his nightmares for years.
"What's her name?" he asked.
"Agent Bellum, would you describe your role in this case?"
"Were you a part of those operations?"
"Harry Potter."
"We were told parents could come with us. Do you think you can come?"
"A what?"
"Yes, that's me," he shook her hand.
"Damn," she whispered to herself.
"So what have you boys been up to?" he asked nonchalantly.
"Sam," Sammy said, peeking out from behind his brother's legs.
"Yes, we can't go to sleep without a story."
"Nothing you need to worry about right now," Celine informed her.
She readily accepted and sat where she was, ready to continue the important conversation they had earlier. Cas gave the two of them an obliging smile before checking on the other children and making sure the parents were okay with the bounds set for the children. He would come back every once and a while to make sure Dean hadn't gotten bored of the conversation. During one of the many times he came back to check up on them, Maddie stopped their discussion.
"Excuse me?" an unfamiliar female voice replied. "I do not know what you are talking about."
"Okay, okay, fine. I guess we could talk about pups," Gabe relented.
Speaking of the devil, or was that too soon at this point, Sam walked into the room looking for his brother who had taken too long to get a beer. He walked into the study, book still in hand, stopping short at the sign of the two people that should not have been there.
Castiel could barely keep his eyes open, and he was hungry, but he could barely eat the bag of chips he was offered. At this point, Alfie, which he had learned his name was actually Samandriel, had left to go home. They were joined by Dean's partner, an alpha named Benny, with a very homey smell. Although he wouldn't leave, he was still worried about his mate being home alone with their pup. Lucifer kept trying to convince him to go home, but he wasn't listening.
"Who are you?" Mary screamed at the man, keeping her voice firm, with what many would call the mom voice, not letting any of her fear come through.
"It's a book series about monster-hunting brothers. All five arcs are just amazing," Emily responded.
"I know enough. Now, quiet down before they hear us."
"I need you to do me a huge favor?"
"You did?" I didn't hear you, I guess. I was looking at this feather, wondering how it got in here."
"She's a friend."
"I'm sure that even you have realized that we're true mates at this point. In most time scales, we're moving pretty slow."
John watched as Sam left next door. He watched as his son walked toward the Impala, opened the door and got in. His face was softly lite with the light of his phone before he started the car.
"It's probably best that you don't."
"Cassie? This weekend, do you think we can get the next book?" Sam asked, holding Cas' hand as the two of them walked through the parking lot. Earlier, Sam had finished the large book the two had been slowly going through.
"No problem, sweetheart. Here's Gabe back."
"I'd like that. I'm sorry, but I don't exactly remember you."
"Yes, you're right, let's not worry about him now," Naomi said, relaxing once again. She looked up and noticed that red security light come back on as she leaned back. "I hope he's alright and the police are harassing him. It's bad enough that they've dragged us into this mess."
"Put your hands on yop of your head and don't move," Benny told him. "Go check on the kids," motioned for Dean to move, keeping his gun aimed for Donald's center of mass.
Sam looked at the man with squinted eyes, clearly not believing him. Cas gave him a soft smile, nonetheless.
"What was that about?" Lucifer asked.
"I'm getting that information, even if I have to beat it out of you."
"I recognized your footsteps as you were walking down the hall." Toward the end of the conversation, Dean could hear and smell the worry wafting off of the omega.
Mary huffed, knowing that he was right. "Where's Bobby by the way? Shouldn't he also be here?"
Dean walked over to the lockers that were left unlocked and started to open them one by one and rolled the bodies residing inside out.
"I don't think so, kiddo. I'm still the new guy. I can't really take days off yet."
"What are y'all doing?" he asked, looking over the pages that Celine was writing.
John stared at her in shock. "Mary...," he started softly. "There's no reason for this. I promise that I will fix this."
"Sometimes people are here for hours, so this is so they can have a real meal."
"Thanks. I'm just happy I was in a stable position to take in Sam. When the hospital called me, I raced straight there."
They soon reached the other end. There was another heavy-set door that the three were quick to walk through. On the other side, yelling was evident. They walked farther into the room and found a mostly naked man chained to the concrete walls, screaming at the men who were standing in front of him with bored looks on their faces.
"Don't tell me you believe in the true mate bullshit. Or are you just pretending so that you can get into Castiel's pants?"
"I don't know what would have happened if Lisa hadn't come in."
The room slowly and steadily and filled overwhelmingly with the stench of alphas. Once the first omegas came, he knew it would get worst. Then, as Naomi and Zachariah call it a full house, a hush fell over the room. Castiel looked to his right and saw his "parents" walk in, nod for someone upfront to begin. A man in a smart suit walked up to the front and began to greet everyone in the room. Naomi and Zachariah sat next to Castiel, listening to the day's proceedings.
"I can't leave you guys out here, can I?"
Two hours later, a knocking was heard on the door upfront. "I got it," Emily called over her shoulder as she already started walking to the door. They all hear the door unlocking and open. Following the sound was the aroma of food. As the door relocked itself, Emily returned, followed by a man with bright blonde hair. He carried a large casserole dish and brought it one of the tables. He walked around to Celine and wrapped his arms around her.
Sam was going to respond when a high pitched scream rang through the house. He quickly covered his ears and saw Mary do the same before closing his eyes. After what felt like hours, the sound finally receded.
"Why am I wearing these clothes?" Mary asked him.
"Is that all you got?" Emily said with bravado, while on this inside, she was screaming.
"I had to potty," Steve mentioned. "We stopped near trees and went potty there."
"I went ahead and locked the door, so no one should be coming in," Emily told the group. She pulled up a stool for herself up to the counter where everyone else had already sat down. "What do we know so far?"
"They're still in the US, but something's blocking me," she told the group. She brushed the ashes away and picked up the unburnt remains of the map. "The best I got is Colorado. If we get there, I should be able to get more specific. Hopefully, a specific county and town. Then a specific place within it."
"You have a plan on getting out of here?" John snarked.
The children tentatively let go of his legs. They slowly walked toward the food, turned back around as if confirming that it was okay before making a selection and sitting down. They ate in silence. They hadn't talked since they left the room they were trapped in. Dean sat at the table and grabbed a bag. In the rush of the day, they forgot about lunch. He was just finishing the bag when the door opened to a person he didn't recognize.
"Nothing...yet. But when you hurt my brother, it's me that you will be answering to."
"You already have homework?"
"I also suggest a bathroom and snack break," Celine said. She then turned to just that she stopped mid-turn and gasped.
"Uh, yeah. He's a beta, spent most of his life growing up in Utah, kinda fell off the map for a bit before his body was found...
Dean quickly lifted his head, turning to the angel. "Don't even think about it."
"Which thing are we talking about again?"
Bobby and Sam ran at the two of them and started pulling the two of them away from each other. There was no telling what either would do to each other if given the chance. Bobby took care of John. Instead of pulling him toward the other side of the room, John was escorted toward the junkyard with the command of "cool off" before having the door slammed in his face.
"So, Cas won, huh?" Sam teased.
Standing there was Amara with her hands on her hips and staring the alpha down. It didn't matter that he was taller than her; she was willing to put up a fight.
Lucifer was head deep inside a pile of cases when his phone rang. Not looking at the number, he put the phone to his ear and kept reading the current case in front of me.
By this point, Benny had come back up with Donald in handcuffs behind his back. He quickly escorted him to an interrogation room, but he would have to pass both Dean and Charlie to get there. He gave Dean a dirty look as he passed, huffing in a deep breath. As soon as he turned around, staring Charlie dead in the eye after giving her a look over.
Castiel was getting worried. It was past time that Dean usually came to pick up Sam, and he hadn't called or anything. Sam had not noticed, head stuck in a book and curled in a bean bag. Many students had already left, and Cas was waiting on the parents that usually meandered later in the afternoon... and Dean.
"Huh?" he asked, looking between the two omegas.
Dean sat down, and then the beta finally looked up at him. "Detective Winchester, I was given a pretty good recommendation from your former chief, although he didn't quite understand why you needed the transfer. I didn't either, to be honest."
"We?"
"She knows something," Lucifer mentioned.
"All you have done is proven to me that Dean did exactly what he told me he was going to do," Castiel said, picking up his phone back up. "Now, can you please leave this alone?"
"I still can't believe how depraved some people can be."
"Hi, do you know where Celine is?" he asked.
"So... you had nothing to do with them."
The man was moving the casserole dish over to the counter and grabbed another stool. Emily came back to the table and tried to reassure them. "Don't worry. He'll probably come back once he smells Dan's food. He makes the best taco casserole."
"Sure thing," Lucifer answered, pushed back from the island.
"But you've seen them?"
"We should head out now," Sam suggested. At least get closer until Cas can get to us. It'll take about a day to get without stopping, I think. That'll give him a chance to get his mojo back."
"Are you going to tell us what you are?" John asked impatiently.
"Well, hello to you too. Would you mind letting me in? It's awfully cold out."
Sam and Celine started to pay attention to the conversation he was having. They heard him give an estimate of where the group was before hanging up.
"What's it for?" Dean was curious. It probably wasn't for trouble. Sam didn't even know what that was.
"I just wanted to forget about it. Once you got me out... I did talk to a therapist and dealt with it. Sort of. But now..."
"I doubt it would be much longer," Dean responded. "It depends on what the prosecutor thinks. If this is really all the information we need, I assume the arrest warrant will be sent out soon. Just need to make sure it's airtight, so they don't get let out on a technicality. From what Donna's been telling us, they're desperate to get them away for anything and everything they can."
"I guess her mission was getting the girls back to their parents," Mary noted.
"At approximately 2 pm local time, we have footage of the two Novaks being escorted out of their home in handcuffs by two agents in full riot gear. Once taken away, more agents went into the home and were seen leaving with several boxes with what we assume to be paperwork.
"I think so," Dean asked. "It seems the other lawyer wanted to ask more questions before being halted by the judge. That's never a good sign for either side during the case. You never want the judge mad at you. She'll be sure to pay for that later."
Mary stood up and made her way over the girl. "Why don't we talk about this tomorrow? It's been a long day and your mind needs the rest."
"Good then," Amara said. "Now, tell me more about the omega that stole your heart and is making you act like an idiot."
"Hello, Dean... Sam... Bobby."
"Nothing that serious. At least not yet."
"So, what's our next step," he then asked.
"I know, I just needed someone to vent to," she said, watching the children play in the small play area of the mall while resting her head on Cas's shoulder. "Lily would know what to do."
So, are you going to show me the baby or am I going to have to find them myself?" Jody asked, putting her hands on her hips.
Sam pushed himself away from the table and ran up the stairs. After the two adults heard the footsteps fade away, Lucifer turned to his brother.
"Probably the library," Sam mentioned. "Try and look up something that would do what we are seeing."
Celene let out a large yawn. "I'm good with that."
Steve nodded in agreement.
"You mean the disturbance was them?" Dean asked.
"My parents... They were displaying me to..."
"Not at all," Castiel admitted.
"Yes, ma'am," Dean jokingly told the little girl, getting a small giggle from her. He walked out of the room again and turned the lights off. Walking back downstairs, he was surprised to see Cas still sitting on the couch. "You're still here?"
Sam started coughing under his breath to hide his laugh while Dean turned his back toward everyone and tried to hide his laughter. Mary, on the other hand, couldn't help but let a few giggles escape her. She was the first one to rummage through the container and selected Earl Grey for its high caffeine content. She opened the package, dumped a large portion of sugar into a cup, and poured the hot water. She blew into the cup and took a sip of the brew, slowly feeling the caffeine kick in.
"Let's get going," he said. "Before your stomachs try to eat themselves."
Dean ushered the omega to the couch in the living room. He sat on the far end, while Cas sat on the other. Dean brought his legs up so that he could turn to face the man and set his mug on the coffee table to his left.
Emily saw John was about to respond when she heard a sound coming through the door. She raised a finger telling him to hush while she leaned her ear against the door. The sound continued, and after a while, she made it out as crying. Crying that she was familiar with.
Amara kept laughing, barely able to hold herself together. Cas shook his head at her before turning back to Dean. "It will be fine. There's nothing to worry about. Don't worry about her."
"Whatcha' cooking, Bobby?" he asked.
"Sure thing, boss," Dean said as he stood up and left the office and made his way back over to his desk.
"I could have told you that, Sammy," Dean replied. He was exhausted from the day they had. He didn't want to think about any of it until tomorrow.
"So you weren't tempted at all by her scent?" Cas asked after getting all the details of the story.
The woman looked back at her work and left her two patrons to look around. They looked up and down every aisle, looking to see if there were anything that would speel out bad news. They found nothing. Every ingredient that could have possibly been used for a curse or charm had a small description denoting the positive uses for the item. If you came into this shop not knowing about the other uses, you would be out of luck if you were looking to do some bad.
In what felt like was the blink of an eye, John-no Sebastian-was standing directly in front of her. Before she could react, she was pushed into the wall by an invisible force. She struggled to get out of the near chest crushing force, but she was stuck.
"We've known what the Novaks have been up to for a long time," Amara explained. "We've suspected even longer. They're really good at hiding their tracks. It also doesn't help that their public figures. Can't even bring them in until our case is air-tight. I could go around that, but that's not advisable, or so my director says."
"Sure, we," Dean said, making up plans. "You two wouldn't be able to do much in the field; we can't make fake IDs this quickly, so you can help with research."
"Then we limit the time he spends along and makes sure not to leave books around. We can't exactly do anything specific if we don't know what he is up to."
"So worst-case scenario," Celine continued, "Emily is the only one of these children alive, and they try to kidnap her to do their bidding. I mean, I knew she was powerful, but I didn't imagine anything like this. I've been working with her, but I don't think she's anywhere near ready to do what you're asking yet. How long do you think we have?"
"Well, don't keep from it on my account," Dean said in a cocky voice.
"Do you remember the book series I was obsessed with for a bit? The one you refused to read when I told you about it."
He walked in and made his way into the gymnasium. As usual, Cas was sitting near the door, watching all of the children who were left. As Dean walked in, the omega stiffened somewhat.
Mary jumped up and raced to the kitchen.
Bobby gave his customary grunt instead of saying anything sentimental. Under his breath, he muttered, "Need to tell Jody it's over," as he walked out.
At this point, the two brothers arrived at the local morgue. The two simultaneously got out of the Impala and into the building. At the receptionist's desk, an elderly, heave-set woman was sitting with her glasses gracing the tip of her nose.
The list just kept going on and on the more Dean looked into it. The two were everywhere. Donating their money to whatever cause seemed to fit their fancy. Other than a few snuff pieces here and there that were critical of the Novak parents, everything seemed on the up-and-up. A few things could have looked better, but it seemed that was how squeaky clean they wanted it to be. Not too much bad or good that would have thrown up alarms of anyone really looking into them. Had he not already known some about them, he would have shrugged it off. Instead, it seemed too fishy to Dean.
"You knew, didn't you?" Cas asked with a suspicious look.
"Please don't," Sam said, looking at Celine.
"Would you like me to carry you?" Dean asked jokingly.
"It worked for at least four years."
"I'm not," Emily replied. "I'm being realistic."
"Okay, sweetie." Mary turned back around to the cashier giving the girl behind the counter the order and the credit card the boys gave her. They got their ice cream and receipt quickly before heading outside again.
"Your eyes would burn out."
Unfortunately, it was the wrong one other person.
At this point, Benny had walked ould of the interrogation room and toward the two of them."
"Cas, you didn't intrude. I consider you family."
"Too bad things don't care how young the people they affect are," Sam said. "I mean..."
"I assume she's the owner," Mary told him. "I'll get her for you."
"Of course not," Kali waved off. "Why would we spend money on decorations when we could spend it on the pup?"
"You...," Benny started.
"Bees," Amara stated.
"If I remember correctly, usually their spells need fresh ingredients, so wouldn't finding possible supplier help as well."
Naomi and Zachariah Novak were unable to have children. Instead, they decided to give homes to children who needed them. On top of donating money to increase housing of homeless pups, they adopted four of their own.
"Is there any reason you didn't bring this up in court?" Amara asked.
"No, Baby Omega," she threw back. "I learned my lesson, I swear."
"I don't want another teacher," Sam stubbornly said.
"A banking code and the links to several accounts."
The room became somewhat intense with the unknown in front of them. There was only so much research that could have been done, seeing as only select creatures had the power to reincarnate: angels and demons. The demon front made no sense, as neither boy had ever thought of bringing their parents back via demon deal.
Sebastian gave another disappointed sigh. "I was hoping that you would have joined us. It never hurts to have more power on your side, but I see now that you're nothing but a problem."
"That's a price I'm willing to pay. Now, you can come with me or stay here."
Sam turned around with a smirk on her face. "See. She's completely innocent."
"Not zombies. Regular people, but they didn't come back for no reason."
He was given a suspicious look. Cas looked into his eyes and looked for any signs of deceit and finding none. "Well, I guess I should leave you to your videos. Unlike you, I have to take care of twenty five-year-olds. I need my sleep." He got up from the couch and started to head toward the door. He was about to open the door when he looked back at the alpha behind him. "You know, I've never been given a nickname before. I think I like it."
"Yes, he and his brother were going to spend some time with friends. He even just texted me saying that he just got back."
"Translating that book and trying to figure out what it means," Celine responded.
Cas and Amara stood up at the sound and made their way to the brunette nurse standing there with a thin file in her hand.
Celine laughed without humor. "I'm new at this as well. I never imagined being a new mom and fighting against evil."
"And what's that? Lurking off by yourself. We have barely had one civil conversation with one another. How about asking your son's how they've been? How about getting to know what they've been up to? Their interests? How about getting to know our son-in-law better? You haven't made an effort."
After Dean had left, John finally spoke up. "Panic room?"
"Nothing that I did not want to happen, no."
Amara just sighed at the two of them. "Did you at least let to pups get cake before you two starting eating?"
"We can't do that," Benny responded. "Either you open up the door, or we're breaking it down."
Realizing that she had no chance, she looked for the documents for his little brother. Instead of bothering to say anything else, she handed him a single sheet of paper, dismissing him with a flip of her hair.
Again, Morris stood up and left with barely any fanfare. This time, when bailiffs came to collect her clients, Abbadon went along with them. They walked down a concrete walkway to the cells that rested under the court. Once back in their cells waiting for the evening pick-up, Zachariah and Naomi sat in the seats provided as if nothing in the world mattered. Abbadon stood there staring until the bailiffs left and noted that the camera turned the light off before she uttered a word.
"I really wouldn't like it. Remember my whole speech about having my life ahead of me."
"Shit," Dean mumbled. "I forgot about that. I'll call the school after I hang up with you and get your permission. Thanks for reminding me."
They were both silent for the rest of the way. Once the sign signaling for the junkyard came into view, John could practically feel the excitement rolling off of her. From her place beside him, he could see her want to run the rest of the way to the house that they could now see in the distance but refrained from doing so. He couldn't blame her, though. He wanted to know how they got back just as much as she did; he just didn't show it.
"Now that the two of you calmed down," Mary stated, "how about we talk about this instead of yelling. Sam, you start. Why do you not want to follow her?"
"Oh, please, you were all for helping us," Amara scoffed. "Don't try to pretend you weren't all for it."
"Really?" Mary asked, trying to keep the shock out of her voice and replaced it with interest.
"Well, thanks for your help, doc," Dean told him.
Sam and Dean burst out in laughter. After the tense conversation they had, they weren't expecting an outburst like that. Soon, they compressed their laughter into slight chuckles.
Dean gripped Cas stronger. "What was in it? Is it why you've been sick?
Castiel sat there for hours, imagining a world away from this. On TV, the omega would be courted by a sweet beta or alpha before finally mating, and having children, and living happily ever after. It was a lie. The only thing alphas did was abuse omegas, force them to mate, and hurt them whenever they did anything wrong. He'd seen the looks on some of the omega's faces when they came back here. They were even more desolate and withdrawn as they watched their alphas auction for yet another omega. Castiel felt tears run down his face but quickly wiped them away from his face. Showing despair was not tolerated.
"What about teaching her spells to defend herself?" Mary asked.
"We think we are possibly dealing with a djinn," Dean replied first.
"Alpha, you're back," he tiredly said.
"We heard your alarm. It woke us up," the pup replied.
"I did get into a lot of fights in school. I think I'm pretty prepared."
"Hey, you," Dean smiled back.
Sam and Dean approached the coroner's office donning their monkey suits from yesterday and different ties. As they walked in this time, Dr. Robertson was standing in the doorway pacing. He looked up once he saw them walking up to him out of the corner of his eye. "Gentlemen, thank you for coming so fast."
"Good night, Cas."
"I'll just go get Cas," Dean blankly said before making his way over to the stairs.
"Yeah, that was rough," Sam agreed.
"That must be some mighty good drugs you're smoking if you think that I'm letting him leave with you."
"Can I help you?" he asked.
"You're right. What was I thinking?"
"You bitch!" he screamed out, getting the attention of everyone in the area.
"No. Even if I did, I only order supplies from reputable suppliers or people I personally know. They all would put a return address."
"Where has the little brat been? Did you see him today? He said he would be."
When they arrived at the library, it was still reasonably early, and hardly anyone else was there. They got interrupted on the way in by a librarian telling them that there was going to be a storytime at eleven. Sam dragged Dean by his hand over to the kid's section of the library. Along the way, Dean was assessing all of the ways out. The library was newer and had emergency exits every couple of yards.
"Cas!" A voice called out. It sounded familiar. "Baby, I need you to wake up. It's just a dream. Just wake up for me."
"I'll be fine on the couch here," Mary interrupted.
Everyone turned and saw a red-faced Naomi where she stood, chair fallen behind there. She stood there opening and closing her mouth before the words she wanted to say came out of her mouth.
"Lucky for you, I am very partial of the pup as well."
"I'm a detective for the police department."
"Did you find out anything?"
"Turning around, he saw the blue-eyes beauty from this morning. Suddenly, his senses went into overdrive, trying to breathe in the sweet scent from earlier. Before he realized it, he took a step forward. After doing so, he saw a look of fear reach the omega's eyes. He immediately took two steps away.
"But I want Sam's," Lucifer whined.
"Not yet, Donna," Amara glanced at the beta before turning toward Dean. "You need to go home. Now."
"Yeah, I don't even remember living in a group home," Lucifer responded. "Gabe?"
"She went to get more chairs," Sam said over his shoulder, paying attention to the work in front of them.
"It's not like we write checks. We can't keep track of each and everything."
"Yo, Bobby," a voice said. "Who are you talking to...?"
"Every word. I didn't mean to be too forward, though."
"Eh," the alpha shrugged. "Get it over with before they overthink about it. Anyway, let's see what we have here.
"Now, let's finish so we can go home. I think I need to ice my hand."
"I'm pretty sure that you're not supposed to know."
Handing the wallet back to John, Mary started skipping down familiar streets to the diner that she was hoping was still there and looking the same so she wouldn't feel as much as an outcast. Pocketing the object back into his pocket, the ex-widower had to speed walk to catch up with his wife. With diner doors in sight, Mary stopped to do a tiny victory dance that included jumping up and down slightly. John grabbed her arm, finally catching up with her and dragging her inside.
"Bye-bye, Mr. Novak. Have a good weekend," Sam waved.
"What?"
Quickly taking a look at the list in his hand, he answered: "We should be able to get everything else from the office supply store."
"Do you think they might have something to do with this?"
"Helping Amara with breakfast. She gave us a couple of minutes. I know that we said that we would discuss it later, but the kids did see you sleeping on me."
"Dean! Dean!" Sam yelled through the room and ran up to them. Stopping a couple of feet short of his brother, he asked, "Who are they?"
"Yep," the two answered together again.
"That only one person is going to have the spell we're looking for," Sam said bluntly. "So we're going to pick up mom and Cas and figure out a new plan."
"I'm not going anywhere with you," Cas grounded out, keeping the two as far away as possible, but ended up with his back against the wall.
"You may want to talk to Emily," he announced to the table.
"Who are you looking for?"
"Correct," Naomi said. "Based on how she threatened us, well, let's just say that we may be a part of an older secret group that believes in hunting alphas for sport."
"We'll figure it out. First, I need you to take that test. I'll be waiting in the kitchen."
Cas closed his eyes and grabbed his nose. "Okay. You can send candy, no promises that I am going to be the one to eat them. I am not going to call you every day; we can text. Lastly, I go to the doctor's next week. I'll ask for a sonogram picture just for you. Is that alright?"
"It was the way you would always give me my space until I got used to you. But at the end of the day, it was mostly Sam."
Mary Winchester
"As ready as I will ever be."
"Well, Amara was already at the precinct when we showed back up. I choose to believe that we're on the right track."
"What about needle marks?"
"Not everything out this is bad," Mary told him. "Not everything is out to get us."
"Not really," Dean asked. "There's not a lot of people who read them, and those that do just assume we're fans as well. Since the murders were made public about going on for a long time, ut wouldn't be too big of a leap for the FBI to be looking into things."
Dean... I think you at least know what I mean! Cas is a fucking he."
"I don't want to do this," Castiel muttered.
It was a hot Saturday, and Dean had finally given in to agreeing to go with Sam to get ice cream. Sam sat there, making a mess of himself with chocolate ice cream smeared over his face. Dean was trying to ask him about school, trying to keep a straight face until Sam was done. Dean had joked with the pup about wiping his face and not making a dent into the mess. Out of nowhere, Sam pulled a scrunched-up look on his face.
"This morning"
"They weren't out in the parking lot when we came in. We also checked your classroom. We didn't find anything."
Dean had finished cleaning away dinner. Trying to feed three pups was difficult. He had just finished putting the last dish away when he heard soft footsteps come into the kitchen.
Sam and Dean walked out of the library and to the Impala. Instead of driving straight to the diner, the two went to change and picked up their parents. They knew it would cause problems if they happened to forget to feed the two of them. Luckily they were nearby the motel and didn't have to go far out of the way.
"Now, if Ms. Harvelle would like to say something," the man ended, stepping to the side, allowing the woman to take the podium.
"Do you have a knife and some gloves?"
"You know how I had to stay at work late last night? He came to see me during that, and we came back here to eat dinner."
"People like to write different takes on the stories," Sam said with a disgusted look on his face.
It felt like forever for Dean. He looked toward the eldest in the room with the most confused look on his have that said "how is the possible." He knew this was real. It had to be, yet what was in front of him was impossible. How could it not be?
"Get out!" the man yelled.
"I have no clue where he is, sweetie."
"Can I talk to you?" Lucifer asked, sitting down next to his brother.
"Yes, we did, in fact," Dean answered. "We talked all about dandelions and how cool they are."
Once they were done, Emily came over, asking if they needed anything else. At the responding no, she pulled out the check from her apron, saying that they could pay upfront.
During the long drive to work in the early morning rush hour, Dean could only think about the gorgeous blue-eyed omega. He still didn't know his first name. He could have easily found out, but it felt wrong. Every time he thought about doing so, he remembered the fear oozing out of his pores. If he is really his omega, it will happen naturally. He was also Sammy's teacher, who had already gotten through the puppy's shell. There is no way that Dean was messing with Sammy's happiness because he couldn't be patient.
Out of nowhere, they heard screaming out of the corner of their ears.
"It's the case from this morning. IT was a pretty open-and-shut, but it's still hard to believe that alphas can be such bastards."
"We as in..."
"Does the older Mr. Novak want to make a statement?" Judge Morris asked, glaring the man down, daring him to make a sound.
"What makes Dean so special?" John asked with a sneer on his face.
"I have highly caffeinated tea though," Celine said as she walked from the back with an electric kettle. "It's going to have to do, unfortunately."
"What is it?" Cas asked, with a small plate resting on his belly.
"Well, that was easy," Dean joked, remembering the many times that coroners didn't want to leave their precious bodies. His only response was Sam giving his signature can-you-be-more-mature bitch face before going to the files Dr. Robertson left them.
"Does this mean that we have to go about things a different way?" John asked.
"What does this have to do with me?" Mary asked, more confused than before.
"That continued for a couple of years. As the youngest, my siblings had already moved out of the house. Eventually, an alpha finally wanted to purchase me. Still, my parents want to wait until I was of legal age, thankfully. One of my older brothers came to visit a month after that, and I cried to him all day about what happened. That day, he told me to back up my stuff, and he took me away. After that, I was utterly terrified of alphas. Anytime one would come close to me, I would freak out. I could only be around my brothers, who were, for the most part, alphas.
"They were the first ones I gave a piece to," Kali answered. "Don't worry. But I think that baths are going to be called for soon. I don't know how Steve got icing in his hair already."
"You did say we should talk with Emily," Sam continued.
"We are not equipped to deal with this," Jody backed up and started pacing back in forth.
Mary and John, after eating at the diner, decided to head over to Sioux Falls. John suggested hotwiring a car, but Mary was against it, so they decided to walk along Interstate 29 North in hopes that someone would give them a ride.
Dean felt the omega nod against him and take in a few deep breaths. "She is trying to get all the info the doctor's found here. I have to give permission. With it being my medical history. I just want this to be over."
"Yes, those are some of the ones that we found. If I am correct, those are just the banknotes from each time a new shell corporation was brought up and the legal paperwork disclosing the owners of such shell companies. These were some of the first pieces of evidence that directly implicated the Novaks as a part of this scheme. Later, as more and more evidence came in, they could then be tied to more of these companies and thus further linked with the Novaks. As we were able to arrest people on the outskirts of the organization, the links became even more clear."
Mary came in, practically skipping over to the table now that she was filled up on caffeine. Sam passed cups to the remaining people in the room before sitting down himself, mentioning that the cup he handed Cas had tea in it.
John did as he was asked and felt the metal of the handcuffs. He stumbled along and was placed in the back of the cruiser. He grumbled underneath his breath the entire time. He thought he was moving quickly enough that thing calling itself an angel wouldn't be able to find him. He just knew that he had been set up.
"Can I at least hold her?"
"Cassie, you're going to give me a heart attack one day."
The five adults were handing out in the living room while listening to the children have fun upstairs. Well, most of them. Amara pretended that there was a monster that had taken over the stairs and would destroy them if they interacted with it. The kids loved it anyways. It kept them from coming downstairs, so the adults could discuss non-child-friendly topics.
Everyone in the room turned toward the door seeing a tired and slightly tanned John standing there from being outside since he was kicked out. Dean slowly moved over to stand behind Cas' chair in an unconscious need to protect. John looked slowly in their direction and glared for what felt like a split second.
Kali soon heard the sound of footsteps walking on the floor above them. Kali continued watching them, noting that they didn't move farther away from each other, almost as if they didn't hear the fact the other omega was awake. She listened as the footsteps came closer and turned to see a sleepy Castiel walk into the room.
"It's closer than we were before," Mary soothed the frazzled mother.
"Sam doesn't really ask for candy. I'll think we'll be fine."
"He is very adamant that we let him go, ma'am," one of the other alphas, ignoring the screaming. "Been screaming since we grabbed him. We had to knock him out with chloroform until we got out of town."
Castiel's face closed itself off. "I don't want to talk about this."
"Of course we can. We need to figure out the perfect spot for it. You're going to need to help me."
After what felt like moments, he smelled the comforting scent of another omega as she cooed in his ear.
"How long have you been working on human trafficking cases?" Harvelle continued.
"No-nothing. I don't know what you're talking about."
Once Bobby finished the statement, all three of them heard the back door close. John and Mary stood tense, wondering who it could possibly be while Bobby had a slight smile on his face. "This'll be interesting," he thought.
"You can stay in the guest room," Dean assured them. "Coffee?"
Once Sam and Dean arrived at the motel, they quickly changed out of their monkey suits and into their normal clothing. Right when they were about to leave for the next room over, the sound of air displacing was heard behind them,. Turning around, they saw the angel standing behind him. Dean, surprised and happy, walked over to him and hugged him.
"I'll be ready then," Cas grinned.
"Go right ahead. I'm going to get my salt."
"Knowing this little guy, he's going to finish it today," Dean told Benny.
"The defense has no questions for this witness, your honor."
The week went by smoothly. Work went by slowly as usual. Sam had an amazing time on his trip to the aquarium. That night, he told Dean about everything they did and saw. The two went to sleep on the couch in the middle of Sam sharing one of his stories.
"Yay! As I said before, it's my go-to guilty pleasure to read."
"Sure thing, brotha."
"I must say, I didn't imagine you bring a baby."
"My lawn..." Dean started with confusion.
"I'm not here to kill you... yet."
Staying quiet, animals were the only ones that were heard. After a while, they could hear the whispering of voices. Coming to a halt, they tried to make out what was being said.
"Thank you," Castiel said, mumbled as he stood up, wrapping his arms around himself.
"Is that right?" Dean asked him.
"Enough. Why did you never tell me?"
"Yeah, she did. Where is everyone?"
"When will you stop threatening my life?" Dean interrupted.
"That'll be the food," Gabe said, getting his wallet as he walked out of the room.
"Is breakfast almost ready?" Christie asked as she led the young trio into the room with all of the adults.
Mary, somehow taking this as a good sign asked: "are you Bobby Singer?"
"It's a teacher workday. The day when teachers get a break from the little rascals. And seeing as I know no one able to babysit, here he is."
He pulled them both into his arms and stayed there for a while. It was a while before he heard frantic knocking on the door. Dean carefully got up and went to the door, looking out of the window this time, seeing Lucifer scouting around.
The older omega walked off, searching for a bathroom, while Cas turned his attention back to the children. They seemed to have burned off most of the energy that they had gained somehow over the day. Steve was duly trailing behind Sam, doing whatever the older pup told him to do instead of going off on his own. Castiel chuckled at how cute it was. He remembered always following his brother, who was many years older, wanting to know what he was going, much to Lucifer's annoyance lots of time. Gabriel never seemed to mind, but Michael would always take Castiel away, not wanting Gabe to "corrupt" him.
"Who are you exactly?" Dean asked, a bit rudely.
"Yeah, you're not supposed to see them. They'll make you go crazy or burn your eyes out. Even just seen the feathers... You really should mess with them."
"Magic."
"I know what you said. I just can't believe they actually said that. I mean, they wouldn't after all these years, right?"
"Sure thing. When's the latest I need to pick him up?"
"What kind of book?" Sam asked her.
"Is that right?" Porter asked sarcastically. "You reak of alcohol and I can see an open bottle beside you. Do you want to try that again." Porter didn't give John much of a chance to come up with another excuse before asking the man to turn around.
