Tony felt like he couldn’t breathe. He turned away from Steve and brought his hands to his face trying to collect his composer. It just made it worse because all he saw was the pictures of him and Rhodey happy during different stages of their relationship. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt him, but he would be hurting him more if he married him when Tony had feelings for another person. Tony turned back around pulling Steve up to his feet and wrapped him in a tight hug. Tony had to make sure he was there and wouldn’t disappear again.
“Wait!” Steve halted at the door of a cab of the voice he wanted to hear for the rest of his life. He smiled and turned around to see Tony standing in nothing but a t-shirt and a pleading look. “I love you too. Don’t leave ever again.” Steve ran over to Tony abandoning the cab to pull him tight into his arms.
“I’m so proud of you. You did such an amazing job. He’s beautiful.” They looked up at each other knowing exactly what the name of their child will be. They’ve talked about this name forever.
Yours, Steve
·       Her family only came in contact with her once in the last two years. Before they were able to bring her home, she vanished.
Steve cradled Sarah as Tony slept. Steve heard a knock on the door to find Peter and Harley waiting to come in. Steve gestured for them to come in but be quiet.
Hello darling,
“Does that mean no school?” James asked. Steve and Tony looked at each other knowing that answer but they didn’t want to crush their son’s happiness.
·       She was afraid of heights.
·       She was popular in school but in a way that Kat didn’t realize she was. She did her own thing and change as quickly as the seasons. She would just get bored easily. Maybe that was her mother coming out of her.
“Yeah, we need to go now. These contractions are way too close together. At least my water hasn’t broken yet.” He had spoken too soon. He looked down as he watched his PJ pants become soaked. Tony looked up at Steve and saw the panic in his eyes. He knew he had it too.
“Whatever. I never heard of a guy turning down sex before. I’m going to go take a warm shower.” Steve began to follow but Tony stopped him. “It’s fine. I can shower on my own. If I need anything I will yell.” Tony leaned down and kissed Steve on the cheek. Steve didn’t protest knowing he would never win against his very pregnant husband.
XXXX Tony
“Did you move on with anyone?” Tony knew his answer by the way Steve dropped his hand and turned to look out into the yard. Tony rubbed his hand missing the touch.
“I hear you. I really do and some of it I agree with but are we doing what is best for James or are we allowing our fears to take over. Remember he has superheroes for parents. His whole family is made out of superheroes to protect him. Socially he will be fine. You know because he has Kat, Arne, and all the rest.” Tony stepped closer, running his hand down Steve’s arm. Steve closed his eyes processing everything Tony just said to him.
“Hey, Steve, do you want to get married ?” Steve continued playing with his hair not missing a beat.
·       He is in love with Brooklyn Rogers-Stark. He really wants to marry her and even has a ring picked out, but he does realize they are still young. He’s going to wait a few years before he does.
“Of course, I’m not mad. In shock, yes but mad never. I’m so excited right now.” Steve bent down hesitantly placing both hands on top of Tony’s belly. “Hey, baby, it’s your daddy. I know I haven’t been here, but I can’t wait to meet you.” Then Steve felt something hitting his hand. Steve looked up at Tony with large eyes in excitement.
·       His first language is Russian like the rest of the siblings.
·       She’s single as well and not looking. She likes being independent but that hasn’t stopped the boys from drooling all over her.
“Get the fuck out!” Tony screamed.
·       Theo has a crush on his best friend Alex, but he keeps denying those feelings since he has a girlfriend.
It was always hard to leave for missions. This time around felt a lot harder since Steve was going to be gone for nine long months and that was the longest he and Tony had been away from each other since they got married. Steve finished packing all of his supplies in his bag. Just a few extra weapons and trail mix by Tony’s pleads. Steve just giggled to himself at how much of a worrier Tony Stark really was. Steve paused with packing when he felt arms wrap around him.
“Steve” Tony placed both hands on either side of his face.
Tony looked at the picture of him with the ghost. It was right after the first tour. Tony shook his head knowing that he couldn’t have done anything to stop him from chasing whatever he lost in the desert so many years ago.
·       She is a skilled martial artist and is a black belt.
“Hi.” Steve wrapped his arms around his body trying to keep as much heat in as he could even though he knew the cold he was feeling wasn’t from the rain. Steve gave Tony a weak smile. God, how much he missed that smiled. He missed everything about Steve. The stolen kisses in between meetings, and his strong arms around him late night placing soft kissing along his shoulders. He would often whisper between each one, baby one day it will just be me and you. Tony played with his ring on his finger trying to forget those days knowing that never came and still won’t. Tony was very happy with his new life.
“Tony.” Tony sucked in a breath knowing what he was about to ask would either bring on another fight or tears.
“Bucky and I got divorced.” Tony didn’t know how to process that information because that was what he ever wanted. Not to break up a marriage but to see two unhappy people move on with their lives.
March 15th (Tony)
·       He’s supposed to be king one day, but he doesn’t want it. In reality, none of his siblings do. That might be because they were raised between Asgard and Midgard.
Tony slowly opened the box wanting to relive the memories once again for the last time. He knew that it was time to say goodbye. Especially since his first child would be here any day. It was time to get rid of his past. Tony opens the box to see the photos, the letters, the jacket. Tony grabbed the jacket remembering the exact moment when he gave him this jacket. It was senior year of high school and it was the night before graduation. Tony was cold because he always was, so he wrapped his leather jacket around Tony’s shoulders. Then Tony never gave it back. He smiled to himself at that memory placing the jacket to the side. Then he picked up the stack of letters. Each one was harder and harder to read each time. Tony read each one with tears beginning to form.
“He’s going to be okay?”
“You hear that, Brookie. We are going to the science museum.” Brooklyn clapped her hands happily just knowing her big brother was talking to her. “Now you need to get dressed, young man.” James ran over to his closet pulling out his Spiderman shirt. Tony smiled at his not-so-little boy knowing that he was going to be okay because he has a family that Tony never had. James was going to do an amazing thing. Both of his kids were.
“Tony, no. You just need to have patience. I bet she will be here tonight.” Tony glared at him. Tony tried to force himself up from the couch. Steve ran over to help but Tony just waved him away.
“I can’t be second choice to Bucky. I shouldn’t have to be Steve. Go home, Steve. Go home to your husband and deal with whatever that is broken in your relationship.” Tony spoke evenly not giving Steve the satisfaction of a fight. He placed all of Steve’s belonging into his arms. He opened the door to show him out.
“I’m sorry, Tony, but I have to do this. I have to do this for me.” Steve step closer but Tony just stepped back. They stood still staring into one another’s eyes. Wishing they could read each other’s mind as they use to so many years ago.
“He’s there isn’t he.” Tony could hear the anger but also pain in Rhodey’s voice.
“It’s okay Tony. I understand. Goodbye, my love.” Steve walked over to the couch to grab his jacket to leave. He opened the door and walked out of the door leaving Tony with his thoughts. This was the right choice. He knew it, then why did he feel like he just made the biggest regret in his life.
“You shouldn’t marry Rhodey tomorrow. And I know you love him, but you don’t love him in the way you love me. I can see it in your eyes. So, I have one question for you, Tony.” Steve dropped down on one knee causing Tony’s heart to stop. He began crying. “Will you marry me, right now? It doesn’t have to be anything special. We can go to the courthouse because Tony, baby, I can’t live another second without you. I was a stupid man for not choosing you. For hurting you. For not putting you first because you are the best thing to ever happen to me.”
“Come on you have to see Sarah’s room. Harley painted the whole thing fairyland theme.” Steve mouthed to Tony, Sarah, really? Tony grinned knowing that it had to be Sarah no matter what was going on between them.
“I’m not going!” James jumped up screaming running out of his room leaving Steve with a perplexed look on his face.
“Steve! Who is she!” Tony’s whole body shook with anger. The flowers in his hands fell to the floor along with every dream they had ever had together. The girl with the long flowing blonde hair jumped out of the bed they shared together, gathering all of her things, and ran out of the door without another word. Leaving Tony staring at Steve with a shocked look on his face. Tony didn’t know what made him madder the fact that Steve cheated on him or that Steve wasn't trying to make a move to get up. To try and fight for their relationship.
·       He adores his Uncle Steve but the day he found out Ivan was dating his little girl he almost killed him, figuratively. Now Steve supports their relationship and loves him like a son.
“Me too.” Tony sniffled. Tony kissed him again never wanting to forget him.
Alexander Allen Barnes
·       They are twins but Theo is technically the oldest.
“Peter, go finish the dishes,” Tony commanded.
·       He loves rock music. Anything Metallica and ACDC.
“It's working more of the head is coming.” Tony bore down until the head was finally out. Tony instinctively pushed Steve’s hand and continued working the baby out of his body. Steve was amazed at Tony. As the final push came their son slipped out and Tony pulled the baby to his chest with a sigh of relief and a few tears. Steve came around and kissed the top of Tony’s head.
·       He’s a playboy but he treats women with respect. He had some pretty tough aunts and his aunt Valkyrie would probably kick his ass if he did anything wrong.
April 12th (Steve)
“Let’s be honest with each other. You and I clearly still like each other and maybe could see a future where we could be together. Correct me if I’m wrong.” Steve just nodded allowing Tony to continue. “But there’s a lot of brokenness here. Do you realize Steve that you broke me so much that I couldn’t have a stable relationship? I stopped trying and went to therapy to work on my abandonment issues. Every session you were the reason why I went. Not because of my crappy childhood, or the scars on my chest but because you cheated on me and broke my heart. I cry almost every night feeling inadequate. Unlovable.” Tony closed his eyes allowing the tears that built up spill down his cheeks. Steve couldn’t bear to watch Tony feel this way. He wrapped the man he stilled loved tight in his arms.
Steve ran next door to quickly grab the stuff, but he found himself pausing in the doorway. The nursery was beautiful. Everywhere he looked he saw blue, red, and gold. They were their colors. On the back wall, it was still blank with a single sticky note, for Steve. Steve sniffled loving how Tony knew he would want to paint something for their son. His mind was brought back to reality when he heard Tony scream his name. Steve grabbed the items and ran back into the room.
Steve found himself looking at Tony trying to push. Steve ran over placing a towel down. Tony leaned forward placing both hands on his shoulders and pushed again.
“Peter.” They said together. Peter looked up at them knowing that was his name.
·       Freya’s favorite place is Asgard since there is so much undiscovered life there.
·       Her nickname is Ana
“What do you mean you can’t do this anymore? You can’t love me. I’m trying.” Steve’s voice rose with anger. “Why can’t you see I’m trying!”
·       He’s blind as a bat and can’t see without his glasses.
“Are you sure?” Pepper questioned.
July 4th (Tony)
“Here promise me you will.” Steve gave Tony a smug looked.
September 6th (Steve)
“Oh, Tony, but it’s okay. I got this. We got this. Do you want to sit while I go grab the stuff?” Tony shook his head no but gesture Steve to go get the stuff. He was fine in a squatting position anyways.
·       Freya is working on her sixth PhD
“That’s your excuse every time that it isn’t the right time. Well if something doesn’t change then it will never be the right time, Steve. Do you even love me?” Steve whipped around to look at Tony in shock. Pain spread through his chest. How could Tony ever think that he didn’t love him? The thing was he loved Bucky too. Steve walked around the bed and kneeled down in front of Tony. He picked up both of his hands making Tony look up at him. Tony’s face showed sorrow. He was hurting Tony more than he ever wanted too.
Laughter filled the room as it did many years ago. Steve and Tony talked like no time passed between them. Like there was never any pain or regret that came from their relationship. Just all of the happiness. This might have been because of the twenty beers they had between each of them. It could be because they never stopped caring for one another.
“Yeah, definitely. I don’t think your dad can handle doing this again.” Steve said.
“It’s time?” Tony gave a thumbs-up as he continued working through the contraction. “Okay, let's get you in the car. As much I would love to help deliver this one, let’s not make it three for three alright.” Tony smiled up at him and shook his head no.
“Because I have no friends there, daddy.” James sat up giving Tony the biggest doe eyes. That kid really was all him.
“I guess it is.” Tony sobbed out. Tony closed his eyes as the tears ran down. Steve turned around leaving, knowing he couldn’t stay here anymore. He closed the door behind him. He stood in the hall fiddling with the ring around his neck.
Tony’s heart quickened wanting to remove all the space between them. Silence fell over both of them. Fuck it, for the closure, Tony thought. Tony grabbed Steve’s shirt and pulled him in for a kiss. Steve didn’t back away but deepen the kiss. Steve wrapped his hands around his waist pulling him closer making them melt into each other. They kissed until they heard the door behind them begin to open. Tony jumped back quickly trying to pretend that the last few minutes didn’t happen.
Steve sat at the bar looking up at the tv as they covered the wedding of the decade. The playboy had finally found the one. “Too bad it’s with the wrong one.” Steve huffed bring his beer to his lips to finish off his eleventh or twelfth. He might have lost tracked a couple of hours ago. He placed the empty bottle on the counter where it was quickly replaced by another.
“No, I’m putting my foot down this time Steve. You can’t do another especially after this one.” Tony scowled.
·       Born September 15 and is 14
Two months came and went. So, did Tony’s due date. Tony was so over being pregnant. They tried everything from spicy food to yoga. There was only one thing they yet to try.
“You’re sorry. What are you sorry about? Leaving close to two years ago without a goodbye. Never signing the divorce papers to let me go. Abandoning me and breaking our vows over some stupid government papers. Did you know if you just came back, and we could have talked I would have ripped those papers up and welcome you back? That didn’t happen because it’s the Steve Rogers show like always. Did you know that Peter and Harley miss you a lot? You let down your sons and your daughter.” Steve let Tony say his peace because he knew he wasn’t wrong. Then the last line hit him. Your daughter.
·       James is very serious and doesn’t like pranks. His sister, Brooklyn, and him often get into arguments when she does. One time she swapped his shampoo for blue hair dye. It didn’t come out for months.
“You know I love you right and I would do anything for you.” Tony knew this. He knew this from day one since they got together as high school freshmen. “But I can’t not reenlist, so I guess this a goodbye.”  Steve choked out. He didn’t want to leave Tony. He wanted to spend the rest of his life with him, but he had to go back in. He had unfinished business.
·       Born May 1 and is 20 years old
“No, I couldn’t really find anyone that.” Steve paused looking up at Tony’s eyes. The last time he saw them there was so much pain. Pain that he caused. He never wanted that again. Steve placed a hand to Tony’s check like he did so many years ago. Tony sank into the touch, closing his eyes. “compared to you. Tony, you were the best thing in my life.” Steve came closer hovering over lips wanting desperately to kiss them again.
“James, come here for a minute,” Steve called. They waited for a few minutes until they heard little pitter-patter feet make their way back to the room. James stood in front of them waiting for the bad news to come. That he would be going to school.
“I was watching the news in a bar getting drunk when I realized this might be my last chance to be with the love of my life. So, I called a taxi and drove here not knowing what you were going to say. Knowing if you were going to tell me to go fuck myself or that Rhodey would kick my ass. I knew I had to try. So, what I’m about to say will make me sound like the worst person on the planet but.” Steve pulled Tony close and smashed a hard kiss to his lips. Tony wrapped his hands in his hair feeling the soft light strands run through his fingers, missing the feeling. Steve ran his hands down his back and gripped them around his ass sending shock waves of pleasure through his body. Only with Steve did he feel like this. The euphoric of feeling like a teenager again.
“What no? I'm sorry. I love you. I can make it up. I promise never again.” Steve tried pulling Tony in, but he pushed him away with a hard shove.
“I love you both.” Steve beamed looking down at his new family.
The rain pattered against the windows making Tony feel tried. He curled closer to Rhodey who was to invest in the movie to notice Tony was bored. Then the doorbell rang, and Tony shot up to go grab it. Who would be here so late at night? Maybe it was Peter wanting to spend the night after staying out too late with Ned doing some project. Again. Tony swung the door open to reveal a very wet Steve. Tony rubbed his eyes to make sure that who he was looking at was Steve. Which it was. He only had a tee shirt and a pair of jeans on. His hair was dripping wet, the droplets running down his cheeks making him look like he was crying. If Tony looked closer Steve’s eyes did look red like he had been crying.
“I missed you so much,” Steve said around tears. He blinked not realizing how much he was crying. He was just glad to be home for now.
“To let you know, Steve, this is breaking me more then it is breaking you because I do love you very much. All I want is to live a full life with you, but I can’t wait for you to see or realize that I’m worth it. So, this is goodbye.” Steve laid his hand on Tony’s cheek. Tony leaned into the touch but then pull his hand away.
Anastasia Maria Barnes
2 years later Steve makes a surprise visit.
“James, time to get ready for school.”
“Mi amora, I bet you have all kinds of friends there.” James just shocked his head no.
·       He is the oldest of the Barnes bunch. Him and his siblings were raised in a normal household. They didn’t know their parents or extended families were avengers or assassins until their youngest sister was kidnapped by hydra and brainwashed to be the next winter soldier like their father was so many years ago.
“You know I can’t do that. Bucky will be asking questions and I want to break things off with him in a gentle way. It’s just not the right time. You understand right.” Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve not knowing what he would find but his heart broke when he didn’t see Steve looking at him. That Steve wasn’t begging to stay.  Most nights he would just bite his tongue. Then Steve would kiss him on the cheek, and they would meet again on a night of Steve’s choice but tonight was not that night.
“What was that kiss about then?” Tony huffed and shrugged his shoulders.
“You know I do, babe. It will be okay though. It’s just nine months. Remember that one mission I had to go on that was two years long when we first started dating.” Tony nodded but still didn’t feel any better.
“Hey, we have pen and paper like the old days. It’s kind of romantic. I always dreamed that I would have a chance to write letters to the love of my life like the other soldiers got to do.” Tony smiled liking that idea. Being able to keep those letters forever and read them whenever. To be able to be teleported back to this exact moment.
“Steve, you are more than the military. Also, after this tour, you didn’t come back the same. You got hurt this time. What if you don’t make it this time around. I don’t think I can bear the thought of losing you. Please we can find you another job.” Tony pleaded. Steve shook his head no.
·       Natasha and Bucky loved the idea that all of their children's names to be of Russian origin. One because that is where Nat is from and because that was where they met. No matter what horrible stuff they went through in that country it still brought them together.
“I was just trying to do the right thing. What was I supposed to do allow her to lose her priceless diamond earring?” Steve wheezed out. “But enough about me. I want to know about you. How’s life? Are you seeing anyone?” Steve leaned forward and placed a hand on top of Tony’s knee sending shock waves through Tony’s body. Tony looked up at Steve’s eyes knowing the response he wanted. Tony placed his hand overtopped the hand. It lingered there for several seconds until Tony moved Steve’s hand away. He stood up and walked into the kitchen not wanting to be in the same room with Steve anymore.
“I don’t want to go,” James whined rolling over pulling the blanket over his head. Tony had a feeling what was wrong. James is out of this world smart which means he would rather stay here at home and study science than learn his colors again. Steve and Tony both had agreed that it was best for James to stay in his grade for social skills. Tony knew what it was like to be above intelligence but also being six in high school. It took him years to be the person he was and some of the stuff he gravitated towards didn’t quite help to be any better at life. He would never want his son to go through that.
“No, Mr. Stark, he is not dead, but he is severally injured and will be coming home early. He has had several surgeries already, but he will need several weeks of physical therapy. We just want to warn you. He might not be the same.”
·       When she was twelve, she was taken by Hydra agents and brainwashed. They put her through the same training as her dad once was to turn her into the new Winter soldier.
“I think I might have been in labor for longer than I thought. Been having these weird pains for a couple of days but I just thought it was just Braxton hicks. Clearly, I was wrong.” Tony croaked out. Tony leaned against the bed that they have finally made to. Steve helped Tony stripped his pants away and discarded them to the side. He continued messaging the areas that Tony asked for like his hips and lower back.
“You are doing great baby,” Steve reassured.
“They’re fine. They just heard all of this mess. I think they are already scarred for life.” Peter just laughed.
Tony knew it wasn’t towards him or about him. Steve was struggling with being himself again. Then there were the nightmares. Those scared Tony the most. Tony did his best with confronting Steve and bringing him back from the darkness, but Tony was no therapist. Tony would try to get Steve to open up and talk but Steve often would say he was fine. He promised that when he was ready, he would. Tony respected his boundaries, but it hurt so much to watch the person you love suffer so much. With everything Tony tried to be supportive until he got the slap in the face of a lifetime.
Then July came and went without a word from Steve. Tony wasn’t quite worried yet. He was a little because Steve was half of his heart. Then when August came and went without a single note from Steve. Tony became really worried. Steve was on his mission alone with no backup. There was no way to communicate with him since all service was cut off. They couldn’t go in and rescue him which could jeopardize the whole mission. The team was worried too, but they need to keep Tony calm. They kept reminding him that it’s only been two months. He might be fine, and the letter was lost in transport. Tony knew that a lot can happen in two months. Tony knew he couldn’t think of a worst-case scenario. Then the best thing that happened to him in a while. The letter came.
“I can see he’s bored but what about him socially. He’s going to be so young among ten-year-olds. They are going to bully him to no end for being so small. Tony, he still wears toddler clothes, like come on.” Steve pleaded. Tony knew everything Steve was saying was correct but sometimes a parent has to push their own fears and past memories away so they can do what is best for their kid. Tony looked down at Brooklyn and knew they would be having this same conversation again in a few years. It was important they made the right decision now.
“Where to?” the driver asked.
“It burns Steve. I don’t know how much longer I can do this.” Steve rubbed Tony’s leg reassuring him that he could.
“Steve” his voice dripping with sorrow. Steve traced the outline of Tony’s lips, already knowing the answer.
“Tony, I’m fine. Plus, this is my job. This is the only thing I know.” Steve said. Tony shook his head and took a deep breath so as not to yell. No point in getting into a screaming match.
·       Her nickname is Kat.
“Well, yeah I still have feelings for you. They never stopped. Which whatever you say to me in the next five minutes might tell me if I’m still getting married tomorrow, Steve! I’m going to crush Rhodey’s heart like you crushed mine because it’s always been, you Steve.” Tony crossed his arms over his chest not allowing Steve away in. He wanted a response. Well, he really wanted Steve to pull him into his arms and have his way with him in bed. That wasn’t the right thing to do. Steve moved closer and Tony moved back allowing Steve to come fulling into the house.
·       She was a wonderful surprise for the group. Natasha and Bucky thought they were done since Ivan was 5, Kat was 7 and Alexander was 9. They were long done with the whole baby thing.
·       She’s stubborn and so is James which leaves them to fight a lot but they make a great team.
“Explain, please darling.” Tony huffed and rolled his eyes. He never thought his husband would ever turn down sex.
“Captain Steve Rogers please report to the landing pad.” Steve and Tony just looked at one another not wanting to move but knowing they had to.  Tony placed both of his hands on either side of Steve’s face and kissed him hard. The last kiss for a long time. Tony pulled back giving Steve a solemn smile.
·       She was born December 16th and is 22
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Tony!!!!
·       At eighteen he attended John Hopkins University and by the time he was twenty-two he already had a Ph.D. in psychology with a certification in behavior analysis. For a few months, he tried living a normal life and found a nice place to practice but being the son of two very famous superheroes life was never normal. James found himself missing the excitement. He found himself missing his family more, especially his sister.
“This kind of reminds me of when I was pregnant with Peter.” Tony chuckled. Steve had slight panic in his eyes.
·       His best friend is Theo Thorson. He is secretly in love with him.
Brooklyn Margaret Rogers-Stark
“Does that mean you are coming home?” Harley asked. Steve looked up at Tony and Tony smiled.
·       He loves animals and is studying to be a vet at NYU. Right now, he put his studies on hold until they bring his baby sister home.
·       He is dyslexic. He’s very smart; it just takes him some time to put all of the pieces together.
·       She was energetic and loved doing ballet.
“Do you want me to come? I can always finish this later.” Tony shook his head no.
·       She was not the same girl that was taken from them, Nat and Bucky knew that, but they didn’t know how much it would hurt. Seeing the blankness in their little girl’s eyes and knowing that no matter what they did, they couldn’t protect her.
“No! He promised me he wouldn’t die over there. No.” Tony pleaded.
Hope yall enjoy.
“Hey, Steve, I was wonder what was taking you so long out hear dear.” Steve was awestruck as he saw the scene in front of him unfold. Rhodey wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist bringing him for a side hug and then leaned down and kissed him on the cheek. Steve’s heart broke all over again. He was too late, and he couldn’t blame anyone but himself. Tony whispered to Rhodey telling him he will be right back in a minute.  Rhodey shook his head saying okay but he still looked between the two men not liking the situation.
“It was for the best. We didn’t care for each other as we did many moons ago. Bucky moved on with Sam and they are really happy together. They have that same spark that." Steve didn’t finish the sentence only looked down at Tony’s hand still stroking each finger. Tony knew what he was going to say, that same spark that me and you had. Tony bit down on his lip so as not to do something that he would regret but his body was reaching out for Steve. Missing Steve.
“You have to got to be kidding me!” Tony exclaims. “It was one time! Are you sure doc?”
·       He has several Asgardian type tattoos on his arms and around his shoulders.
Yours, Steve
May 29th (Steve)
Yours, Steve
“Tony” Steve laid his hands overtopped of Tony’s. Neither one of the men said anything. They didn’t move because they didn’t want this moment to end.
“Wait, what are you talking about Steve? You’re trying to tell me you are going to start basic training in three days and then you are being shipped off to the Gulf. When did you decide all of this?” Steve came close rubbing both his hands up and down Tony’s arms trying to calm him down, but Tony backed away. Tony held his hands up trying to get some space to try to process what was being said.
“Remember the night at the office, yeah. So, I am pregnant and it’s a little girl.” Tony cradle his stomach without breaking eye contact. Then he saw the pain in Steve’s eyes. He saw the regret. Steve was so tired. Steve fell to his knee’s tears streaming down his face.
“Hey, honey. Peter and Harley are in the room.” Tony shrugged.
“Yeah, but we were able to call, text, and even some facetime. You are being dropped into a dead zone. That means no service and no way to communicate.” Steve laid a hand under Tony’s chin lifting his head so he could better see Tony’s amber eyes. Steve wished he didn’t haven’t go. He hated the idea of leaving Tony alone for so long. The job had to be done and Tony knew that. Tony would never ask Steve to give up the shield just like how Steve wouldn’t ask him to give up being Ironman.
“Am I the reason you cry every night?” Tony shook his head yes. “Oh, Tony. There is nothing I can say to make this all right. That night was the worst night of my life. When you kicked me out, I knew I had to change. I had to work on myself so, that one day I could come back and love you right. I was so stupid for breaking your heart and letting you go.  That’s why I’m here tonight.” Steve tilted Tony’s head up. “To say I’m sorry. To say I still love you. To say I want to do this over only if you are willing to. If not it’s okay because the last four hours, we spent together was the best moment in my life.” Tony pulled Steve down closer and kissed his lips. Tony took in the moment loving how nothing had changed even though everything had. Tony pulled back placing his forehead on to Steve’s to take in the final moments of the one thing he had dreamed of.
“A week after you left. Remember when I thought I just ate bad sushi. Nope.” Tony shrugged continuing to cradle his bump. “I’m sorry. I should have told you, but you were away, and I wanted you to focus on your mission. Are you mad?” Steve gently pulled Tony in closer for a kiss.
“Now!” Peter huffed and went as asked. Tony felt bad for doing so but he needs to talk to Steve first. He needed to know why Steve was here because they had a lot to talk about. Tony rubbed his stomach. He felt a kick and smiled. “Ready to go meet your dad?" This was fun the first time Tony surprised Steve with a baby but this time around it just felt sad. Tony took a deep breath to try to calm his nerves.
XXXX Tony
“When did you find out?” Steve asked with no anger in his voice. He was just curious.
·       They grew up in Brooklyn.
hope yall enjoy and please comment if I should do a part 3
Steve laid flat on his back trying to catch his breath. After going four rounds with, Steve tried to remember the brunet’s name. Amy? Maybe? Steve rolled his eyes not really caring. All the names have blurred over the years which has gotten him in trouble once in a while. It wasn’t like he didn’t care about them; he gave every single one of his hookups gratitude, but the thing is they weren’t the ghost that haunted him every night. No one could replace him. Trust him, he tried. Steve desperately wanted to forget the man's late-night adventures and stolen kisses. Steve was in a few pretty stable and long-term relationships but each one couldn’t compare to him. So, Steve just gave up trying to replace him. Instead, Steve had a little fun. Some would say he was a playboy. He would say he never was playing a game. The rules were given upfront with no tricks. Steve pulled the girl closer into his arms as he began to be lost in thought.
·       After she found out her parents were the Black Widow and Winter solider, she started her training to become the next Black widow. Her parents were skeptical at first since they both knew the horrors could insure through the role.
“Steve, I realize you just got home from a nine-month-long mission but.” Tony sucked in another breath trying to push through the next contraction. “We are having a baby.” Steve went into a hyper mode not knowing what to do. He was going to be a dad like now.
“What was that all about?” Tony walked over to the door taking Brooklyn out of Steve’s arms.
“Nope, no school for today. Just going to be me and you and pops and Brookie. How does that sound?” James jumped up and down with glee.
Steve continued making dinner. Spicy chili is Tony’s favorite and should help move the process along.
Then the airport battle came. That was what broke them completely. Not just the team but their marriage. Steve left for good taking only a bag with him. Tony filed for divorce. His happily ever after was gone. Twenty years of being together were flushed down the toilet all because Steve wanted to be right. Tony knew if Steve would have just come back home, Tony would have ripped up those damn accords and never look back. All he wanted was his family back.
“Rhodey, I’m so sorry and I didn’t want to do this like this but I just felt that it was just easier to do it over the phone instead of in-person but I can’t marry you tomorrow but that doesn’t mean I don’t love you. I do. You are my best friend and I always will but.” Tony trailed off not knowing how to finish that sentence without hurting Rhodey more.
·       Born October 9 and is 25
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered. Tony could feel anger tighten his chest. You know what no holdback, Tony thought.
“Cap, please tell me why you are standing on my front porch soaking wet.” Steve took in a deep breath not really knowing why he was here. He knew there was a hole in his heart where Tony used to lie. He realized that he was being a jerk two years ago. It wasn’t fair for all three of them for what Steve had done. He never should have fallen in love with Tony. He knew that was a lie because Tony was the only good thing in his life and when he left. Steve couldn’t blame him; he probably would have too. When Tony left, he realized that his life was a mess and that was putting it lightly.
·       Her and her brother are super close even though they are six years apart. Brooklyn knows how to push all of his buttons, but they always have each other’s backs.
“Tony, how could you ever ask me if I ever loved you. I do love you. I see a world of just you and me living our happily ever after.” Steve came over and placed a hand on Tony’s arm allowing him to see deep into his amber eyes. A slight tear escaped down his tan skin. Steve squeezed his eyes shut not wanting to see the hurt he caused anymore.
it was the day of Tony and Rhodey's wedding but Tony was having some second thoughts.
·       They miss their brother a lot and don’t understand why he distanced himself from the family.
“Rhodey and I explored our feelings for each other um six months after I told you to get the hell out. He was always my best friend Steve but him as a partner is nothing, I have ever experience.” Tony saw the hurt flash over Steve’s face.  Tony pushed it out of his mind reminding himself that Steve had his chance. “We got engaged five months ago and we are getting married in November. I’m happy Steve. He makes me happy.” Steve’s shoulders slumped knowing he was happy for Tony, the love of his life, but he wished he were the one marring him not Rhodey.
“Hey, I see his head. He has brown hair! Keep pushing.” Steve exclaimed. Tony moved his hips wider trying to get more space, but the pain continues.
“Yes?” Tony nodded and then smiled to reveal the crinkle at the edge of his eyes. Steve always loved them making him know that Tony was happy once upon a time. Steve kissed him once again.
“Just tell me this one thing, why did you do it?” Steve didn’t know why. He could make up an excuse. What was the point? Steve got drunk, the girl batted her eyes and then kiss him. One thing leads to another and he made the biggest mistake in his life. Steve just stared at Tony not saying a single word. Tony’s eyes turned darker as each second passed between as Steve didn’t answer.
“I promise.” Steve kissed Tony one more time; then closed his eyes.
“Please tell me you aren’t going into labor.” Tony laughed harder.
Tony laid in bed looking at the one number he shouldn't call. He was getting married tomorrow and if he called this number, he probably wouldn’t be getting married. He threw his phone across the room in frustration. This was all Steve’s fault. Tony was finally happy after not being so for so many years which mostly was because of Steve. He was happy with Rhodey. If he was then why did he have to keep telling himself, he was. Then there was a knock on his door that he really hoped it was Happy telling him that the harpist canceled or something that inconvenient happened. Tony pulled on his robe trudging into the living room. He opened the door; mad to see the last person he wanted to see.
“Shhh. Shhh. It's going to be okay daring. I’m sorry for not telling you. I was afraid that you would try to talk me out of this. After watching the news, I knew I had to do something to help. Everyone else is why couldn't I.” Steve held Tony tight refusing to let go. Tony turned around looking at him in the eye searching for something, but all Tony saw was that he was serious. This was what Steve wanted. This was what Steve had to do. Tony took a deep breath and placed both hands on either side of Steve’s face and nodded his head.
·       She is a daddy’s girl through and through. All she had to do was bat her eyelashes at Steve and she would get anything she wanted. Some say she was spoiled but she does have a good head on her shoulders.
“He’s? It’s a boy.” Tony nodded. Then Tony felt a sharp pain knocking the wind out of him. Steve jumped up in worry. “Tony, what’s wrong? Are you okay?” Tony sucked in another breathe and moved over to the couch because the sudden pain in his back was too much to handle.
“No, Steve, it’s okay.” Tony’s shoulder’s slumped feeling the defeat in his voice. It was nice while it lasted right, he thought. He turned around and faced Steve. They were going to have the discussion they didn’t have several years go right here, right now. They weren’t dumb kids anymore. They were adults and Tony hoped Steve had grown up a little.
“Steve, it hurts so bad. Much worst than Peter or Harley combine.” Steve stroked Tony’s back up and down. Tony leaned back against the bed and let out a moan as another one withered through his body. It never got easy seeing the one you love to be in so much pain. He started to feel so much pressure. “Steve, I need to push.” Steve nodded bringing Tony up on the bed. Steve counted for Tony to push. Tony let out a scream.
Tony, you are adorable for trying to be so formal. Just write. I want to know how your day was and what you have been up to. Also, I’m so sorry this letter came a month late but in my defense, your letter didn’t get to me till two days ago. I miss you a lot too and the whole team but mostly you. Don’t tell the others. I can’t wait till I can come back home. I miss you close in my arms. The mission is going really well but I still have some ways to go to the finish. Oh, also tell Buck to suck it up. I bet he much rather be on a mission with Nat than me. They’ve been fondueing for months. Don’t tell him that I told you that. Hey, I got to go but I love you.
·       He went to the University of Maryland and went on to study gamma radiation. His biggest role model was his uncle Bruce.
“I missed you too so much. I promise to never leave again.” Steve pulled them in tighter never letting go.
Tony turned his head placing a kiss on Rhodey’s lips and moved to get out of bed. They had a single day left before they were to be husband and husband. There still was a lot to be done. “That’s why you sir, future Mr. Stark, will be staying with Pepper tonight. I’m staying here to get the final touches done.” Rhodey grabbed hold of his hand pulling him back down to the bed. He just wanted five more minutes to have Tony in his arms before spending twenty-fours without him. Rhodey kissed along his jaw, down to his neck placing a hand under his shirt to caress Tony’s back. Tony jumped back from the touch moving off the bed to get ready. Tony saw the hurt that flashed on his fiancé’s face. It wasn’t the first time he stopped the attempt of having sex with him. Rhodey never brought it up which sometimes concerned Tony.
“Jamie! Time to get up.” Tony made his way into his son’s room to find his kid still asleep with his teddy bear tightly tucked into his arms. Steve and he really did have the cutest kid in the world. Well, one of the cutest because the other cutest kid in the world was crying her eyes out. Sorry, Steve, Tony thought but I got this one. Tony came over to James' bed sitting down gently. He placed a hand on his kid’s shoulder feeling him steer.
“You look happy, Tony. Have a good life.” Steve turned around leaving Tony on the front porch watching as he drove away. Tony turned around to go back inside feeling hollow. No that wasn’t it. The way he felt couldn’t be explained. He opened the door and walked inside to see Rhodey smiling up at him and he smiled back not wanting him to worry.
“Jarvis, do a body scan please,” Steve shouted.
They say two years isn’t a long time. You blink and it's over. They were wrong. This had been the longest two years of Tony’s life. Yeah, they had the occasional phone calls. They wrote to each other every day. But when special things came up, it made Tony feel really alone. Christmas didn’t exist, birthdays either, or anniversaries. It was okay because Steve was coming home, and Tony had everything set up for the best date they have had in a long time. Tony even had a surprise.
“What do you mean no?” Steve panicky tried to get Tony to move but the pain was too much to bear for him to even try to move.
“Okay, then. Good night honey.” Tony without another look towards his fiancé started upstairs.
·       They have a tight relationship with both of their parents. You should see their game nights.
“What are you doing here?” Tony asked as he stepped out to the porch. He placed both hands on his hips waiting for an answer. Steve paused at the steps knowing this might have been a bad idea.
“I know, honey but it burns because the baby is crowning you are so close.” Tony pushed again feeling the burn but also feeling the baby’s head move farther. “Keep going. She’s almost here. One more push.” Tony pushed with a scream and he felt all the pressure gone. Steve placed the baby on his chest. She was so beautiful.
“Better than okay. Let’s go get out son and have a day with him. Call out from the office and teach him something he would actually enjoy.” Steve smiled nodding his head. He placed a kiss on Tony's temple and then on top of Brooklyn’s head.
·       She is 18 years old and was born on May 21.
I wish I could be there to celebrate with you, but I know the team will have something amazing planned for you. Please let them do it because you deserve it. Save me a slice of cake. It’s been kind of crazy around here. Could really use Ironman’s help or maybe just the great Tony Rogers-Stark? Make sure you aren’t boring yourself in the office all day. I know you can go stir crazy. I loved the photos you sent. I miss New York city so much. Also, why is Clint in the trash? Hey, maybe the next photos could be of you. I would really love to see your face. I miss it a lot. I miss hearing your voice and your touch. It gets really cold here and your embrace would be nice. I wish I could tell you more about my mission, but I promised you that I didn’t want to freak you out. Please send a picture. Only about four more months. I love you.
“Steve, answer me,” Tony growled. Steve moved off the bed towards Tony. Trying to grip him in his arms. Steve felt if he just held Tony everything would be okay, and all would be forgiven. Not this time. Tony pushed him away and he stumbled back towards the bed. “Put some clothes on.”
“Hello, Tony.” Steve stood in the doorway looking like the man Tony fell in love with so many years ago. The plain white t-shirt, brown leather jacket, and his dog tags; the ones Tony used to wear so Steve was always close to his heart. “So, I was in the neighborhood and I thought why not come here.” Steve shrugged. Tony took in a deep breath and ushered the man inside.
·       Kat would do makeovers on her all the time. They were each other’s best friend. She was the only one that brought Kat’s loving side out.
“James, why aren’t you dressed yet.” Tony was pulled back into reality when he found his husband standing in the doorway with their daughter on his hip.
Tony laid awake like he did every night. Staring at the ceiling counting every single tile. 126. The number never changed but it always surprised Tony. The last person he wanted to think about always came up with that number. 126 was their anniversary. Tony decided to walk into a bar and fall in love with a pair of eyes that would make him drown. They did. Tony moved out of his bed making his way to the kitchen. If he wasn’t going to sleep; he mines awhile get some work done. Then he heard a knock at his door.
Steve was gone with very little contact. He talked to boys on facetime once in a while. Tony would often find himself reading the letters from years ago. Steve was so thoughtful in those letters. He missed that Steve. Then one faithful night Steve stopped by Tony’s office not knowing why. He knew he missed Tony a lot. He missed being at home. Steve would never not going to be madly in love with Tony. He guessed he came to just talk to the man he would always love.  Well, what happened that night sure wasn’t talking. Then Steve was gone once again.  This really didn’t surprise Tony, but he was surprised by what happened a month later.
They were right. This man that came home wasn’t his Steve. First physical therapy was rough. Steve would get so frustrated some days that he would lash out at Tony.
“Tony, I’m so sorry. This was a once and a lifetime thing. I swear.” Steve pleaded trying to move closer to Tony, but he wouldn’t allow it. Steve could see all of Tony’s walls were up. The look he was being given was never supposed to be seen by Steve because Steve was never meant to break his heart.
“Honey, are you in labor?” Tony shook his head yes unable to really say much as he waited out the contraction. Tony knew these contractions were coming way too fast. If they didn’t get a move on, they would be having this baby here.
“Pops and I talked and we decided that today we should go to the science museum. How does that sound?” James' face lit up in glee.
“A proper goodbye. A way to close out the chapter of my life that never felt finished.” Steve hugged Tony.
“Yeah, whatever. This was fun but it’s time for you to go.” She huffed stomping out with all of her stuff in her hands. She slammed the door behind her causing the apartment to shake but that didn’t really faze Steve. He stared up at the ceiling rethinking his whole life.
June came and went with the usual letters. Steve kept begging for pictures of Tony and Tony made every excuse up in the book to not send one of him. They each told each other how much they missed one another. Not much to share when Steve had to keep the mission on a need-to-know basis and Tony was busy in the office. He once and awhile stayed in the lab. These days he didn’t have the energy to do much of anything. He knew why. Everyone knew why but he couldn’t tell Steve. Not yet even if he really wanted to. Tony knew telling Steve what was going on back home would just stress him out. Resulting in him leaving the mission early or getting himself hurt or worst killed. Tony decided to keep the secrete. Steve will know when he gets home in threeish months.
in the other man's chest.   "Did that hurt?"
"I'm not in any pain. It's not slowing me down. Whatever happens to me, I'll get better eventually; what matters now is getting you somewhere safe."   Steve nudged a rock with his boot heel; it jostled a little, so he sidestepped to his right to find another way.
?"  Steve didn't let go; it left Tony curled up slightly against his chest; it might have been embarrassing if the genius half-propped in his lap didn't look so sick and so hurt and so scared.
Capsicle Mark II, only this time it's even better because nobody even knows what
"He said you'd ask that."
Steve rolled off and onto his feet, his first thought to check Tony for damage before helping him up.  "Are you okay?"
Steve had been listening to this with a dull ache in his chest. He'd always imagined Howard settling down one day; the bruised romantic in him had pictured it so clearly: Howard, meeting some sassy, sharp dame who made a respectable man out of him, marrying her in some beautiful cathedral, building a home with a bunker in the basement and blueprints instead of paintings on the walls. But he'd never imagined him as being much of a father; it killed him to know he'd been right.
"Yes, we are."  Steve was ready to admit that at this point; he couldn't really feel his extremities anymore. And worse, Tony was exhausted, his arm and leg a mess of bruises and swelling, his body shaking against his grip, and he had a very unique, very sick dread on his face.
"We won't get eaten by bears."  Steve responded to this as if Tony might really be afraid of being attacked by a bear on the peak of a snow-capped mountain.  "If we can't call for a ride, we're walking; are you any good at climbing?"
"No, you don't."  Steve sighs.
It wasn't the
"Good, then you got the important stuff down."  Tony swallowed a bit, realized his fingers were shaking too much, and clamped down on himself hard to keep his hands steady.  God, his wrist hurt; every movement twisted his insides with the pain.
"...Swimming.  Are you sleepy?"
Tony dropped onto his knees as soon as it became feasible to do so, and when he went down, Steve went with him. For the first time in hours, the air was still enough that they could see each other's breath.
Steve shrugged off his motorcycle jacket and offered it to Tony, nonchalant.  "Here."
"Exactly! I'm glad we understand each other, Mister Stark, keep the jacket."  Steve went to take another step down the mountain, feeling out a route;  there was a reasonably stable path that made a kind of natural switchback, and he began carefully making his way down.
Steve seemed to go a little cold at that, and folded his hands in his lap. The worktable he was sitting on suddenly felt far more impersonal, the vastness of Tony's lab suddenly losing the little space of closeness as Tony stood up again. “I would've thought that was SHIELD's job.”
"Somebody
If he'd had time to think about it, he would have told himself that Tony was used to falling long distances and could probably think his way out of it, or find a way to catch himself even without the suit, or something... but there was only the ravine, and the white, and the silence, and the little shower of gravel skidding down the cliff face as he jumped.
He'd admitted to himself that he was wrong about Stark, that for all his faults and his flippant, flashy attitude, he was willing to do what it took even as he was thinking on his feet. That deserved respect.
“And you hated me.”
"I know, and that's exactly why should take it. Your lips are turning blue and your body isn't trying to keep itself warm."
Fortunately, although he couldn't quite remember how they got here anymore and the details of where they were had escaped him, Steve still knew enough about how to put an emergency campfire together to clear some space and gather up some appropriate stones.  The pine needles were too lucky a find to risk burning them up accidentally.
"They gave me a blood transfusion for frostbite?"
The plug slid into place, and there was the faint electric whine of the electromagnet waking up inside Tony's chest.  Somehow, even though it was just on the barest edges of his hearing, that sound filled Steve's ears as if he were underwater.   He listened for a heartbeat, for the hiss of air into Tony's lungs, but he couldn't hear anything but that thin, toneless, lonely little noise.
Tony nodded, and carefully, with a quick, metal-and-glass
"But I have a plan."
“Good, awesome. We'll go get Ben & Jerry's tomorrow.”
Tony smiles, and scoots over to make room as Steve comes to sit down next to him.  "It's for the best, I wouldn't be able to fit in the suit and I really like all my T-shirts.  Do I still have the same shoe size?"
"Well enough."  Steve's tone suggests there's more to it than that, but he's not one to go on about that kind of thing.   "So.  It's later.  Do you feel like talking?"
"...Hey. Thanks for jumping after me."
He looped the cords around his blistered fingers, and for the first time all night he found himself with a stroke of luck when they were just long enough to put the reactor itself back into his palm.   He couldn't fit his fingers into the knuckle-duster on the trench knife,  so he just wrapped his hand around the entire grip and crushed it until he was sure whatever shock came out of the thing wasn't going to knock it away from him.
Steve bent down, and just as Tony instructed, he tapped the metal contacts against the tip of the knife.  An electric
cut him, but things were risky enough already.  "--and hold it on the kindling, and just tap the metal bits against the very end of the blade. It'll spark, and it'll want to jump out of your hands, but you have to
Eventually, when Tony's fully healed and they have time alone, they'll laugh and pick on each other, they'll talk about Bucky and Obadiah in quiet voices over stiff drinks. They'll keep it cool and professional in battle and then refuse to be apart that following night, even if they have to obfuscate it with arguments and sparring matches.  And eventually, when all of that stops being worth the trouble, they'll retire to Tony's bedroom and take it slow, because Steve won't let them do it any way but the right way.
“Is it National Patch Up A Teammate Day?” It was a lame attempt at a joke.
The wires popped out and the comforting weight of the Arc Reactor disappeared, and suddenly Tony was hollow and his chest clenched and he couldn't breathe, couldn't move. What little color was left in his face drained away, and the clock was ticking.
"All right."  Steve steeled himself as best he could through the blood pounding in his ears;  a part of him insisted they could examine that exchange tomorrow. The better part of him said he had to make sure they'd
"I'm still banking on that genius thing. You can't lie down yet."
As the voice behind him cut off mid-sentence; Steve whirled around just in time to see a suddenly very human, very vulnerable Tony Stark disappearing over the cliff, one foot knocked out from under him by the loose stone that Steve had been too preoccupied to warn him about.
Tony cut the video feed, and put on the suit.
A few hours later, long after Tony had lost feeling in his toes and Steve had taken enough tumbles in the snow to leave him soaked to his knees, they came around the other side of the mountain they had landed on, and Steve's stomach dropped into his heels.
His other had snapped back to the knife, and he drew the blade across the tops of his knuckles; a
"Wires attached to plug, plug has metal bits, I got it."  Steve swallowed, and did not like Tony's expression at all.
It was a bashing, apparently; a group of young men, laid out on the ground having obviously taken a good-old-fashioned American beatdown. Their victim, a willowy, mixed-race twenty-something with pink streaks in his hair, a broken nose, and his pants shoved down around his bloody knees was curled up in a protective ball against a dumpster. Steve gave a last look around to make sure the combat was over, and then walked over to the kid to help him up.
"Good.  Still. That's... I'm being serious here, that's ... that's a very cool thing to say, Steve. Thanks."
“No, nothing like that.” Tony chuckled, more out of obligation than real humor. Satisfied the wound was clean, he put down a gauze pad and some tape, and just because it was something he'd do for anyone who didn't have superhuman healing, he wrapped a bandage around it, too. “...I've been watching you the past couple of days, Steve.”
Somehow, even dying of exposure and about to willingly submit himself to a cardiac episode, to Tony, hearing Steve drum up the energy to use his reassuring voice was weirdly soothing. If Captain America said he was going to be okay, he believed it. So he shut his eyes, and when he felt Steve's fingers pinch the wires that kept him alive, he held himself very still.   "Go."
Since then he'd tried to be more considerate; he waited for Tony to give him the go-ahead before he gave out the battle orders. If there was something he didn't understand, he kept his mouth shut and let more educated heads have their say before he asked questions.
"I think it was, "Yes, but he shouldn't wear wingtips for a couple of weeks"."
"Swimming."
It made Tony's stomach lurch, just a little; his body had a very particular reaction to the sound of gunfire in a cave.
wanted to crack a joke about what a gentleman Steve was being, but for once in his life he accepted something without any resistance beyond asking,  "Aren't you cold?"
"You wish, Stark."
Steve laughed, because a tipsy Tony was not at all like a tipsy Howard. Much nicer, much less maudlin. “Who are they, exactly?”
"I do."  Tony swallowed.
"Just that it powers your suit. And keeps you from dying."
For a second, Tony almost snapped at him, but then he remembered the cover-up.   The personal bits about how Iron Man went public never made it into his personal dossier in the S.H.I.E.L.D. database. He knew; he'd gone looking for it.   "...My dad had-- my dad had this friend, Obie-- Obadiah Stane.  He was more of a father to me than my old man was."  Tony began to shake just a little harder, and Steve wasn't sure if it was the cold, or something else.  "...We don't have time to go into it now, but Obadiah Stane. If this... if this part goes bad for me, that's the name you want to ask Fury about."
"I'm not really sure how it works, something about tissue scaffolding and adult stem cells and the Serum.  You.. ah. Your feet were...they... well..."  Hell with it.  "Dr. Banner cut your toes off and then grew you some new ones with future science."
Tony caught his shoulder, thinking more with his reflexes than his brain. “Wait! ..I mean, wait. Please.”
Steve had begun cracking up about halfway through the pizza tirade, and Tony counted that a success.
"Yeah, well, sometimes it's like that."  One arm was clearly broken, an ugly, purple, unnatural bump where his wrist used to be; it looked like he'd set it himself but didn't have anything to brace it with; over the top of one of his sneakers, his ankle was swollen, probably a sprain.   His good arm seemed to be pulling the motorcycle jacket behind him, and with a complex tumble of guilt and gratitude, Steve realized Tony had used his jacket as a sled to drag him through the snow on a busted leg, and from the trail, he must have been doing it for some time. "Are
These are the things that Tony Stark watches on SHIELD's surveillance cameras, and marvels at how incredibly personal it all seems to be. Steve never talks about it, and he never lingers; he just does it because he has all the time in the world and nothing to stop him. It's so Boy Scouts, so sickeningly sweet and sensible, like he's reading from a Good Citizenship manual and following the bulletpoints one after the other.
"Playing it by ear, then."  Which meant "cautiously", as far as Steve went.  The sensible thing to do would be to head towards the lake, which probably at least had some evidence of civilization  there, possibly there were people living there now.  Normally he'd be content to wait for S.H.I.E.L.D. to come and locate them, but it might be awhile before anyone even noticed they were gone.  When Tony was holed up in the lab he could be down there for days.  Of course, if the lab had exploded, Pepper would probably find out before dark, but that help could be long in coming.
When Steve had all but wrenched the tree out of the ground, he sat down and started stripping the ones Tony hadn't gotten to yet.  His fingers were painfully swollen with blisters, and yet he
couldn't
They didn't talk, beyond quiet directions from Steve where he was taking point.  He thought it was weird that Tony wasn't needling him or cracking wise, but he was more focused on getting them down this very high mountain safely than worrying about Tony's slightly warped sense of humor; it limited their communication to "Not here, it's not stable",  "Okay",  "There's a drop here",  "It evens out over there",  "Careful",  "I got it".   In a weird way, it was nice.
And then, one Saturday night, Steve Rogers wanders down a street and, perfectly oblivious, passses by a dance club, one with proudly flying rainbow flags and a leather-clad bouncer who hands out condoms. Tony almost spits out his coffee.
"Aren't you?"
“Well.” Tony knocked back his fourth glass and, perhaps taking a cue from their thunder-god friend, threw the empty tumbler into the fireplace. It shattered in a satisfying burst that made Steve jump a little in his seat. “...That changes, starting today.” He flopped back into the couch, more than slightly tipsy. “Stay here tonight. Stay here and tomorrow, we'll have a better day. JARVIS? When was Ben & Jerry's invented?”
The effects of electrocution would pass, he knew that, but now Steve was twitching and shaking and he still had to get the Reactor back in.  He could barely move and his hand was, naturally, severely burnt, but he didn't have to go far; he dropped involuntarily onto his side, grabbed hold of Tony's shoulder and pulled him close when he couldn't get his legs to take him any further.
"You should take your jacket back."   Tony held it out.  His jaw was clenched to keep his teeth from chattering, eyes lowered to survey the steep, craggy drop below them.   The wind was howling down there, and cast a brisk updraft into his face.
Tony pointed to the spot inside the deep well in his chest; it was too dark to see into it, the wires just disappeared into it like snakes into a den.  He swallowed, and offered Steve a very frightened smile.
the--
condition?"
do it, I'm
it to me, but there are only a handful things in life I've ever wanted that I just wasn't capable of acquiring, and very recently? I got
"Shit happens, Cap'n."
"Did he have an answer?"
lit, and then I need you to plug it back into me."
"Yes, you can. If you
That seemed to catch Steve's attention. “What about?”
“You don't sound real happy about that.”
The sky went on forever in a cold, crisp blue, and the knee-deep snow was so cold it wasn't even wetting his sneakers.  They were standing on a mountain mostly surrounded by other mountains, the sky was thick with clouds, they were facing north, and it was around noon. Without any gadgets on him, that was the limit of Tony's knowledge, until Steve piped up.
With that done, Steve, standing in the shadows of an alley full of men he'd knocked out, took out his cell phone. The light rolled over the legs of Steve's jeans, and although it probably wasn't bothering him all that much, there was a distinct pool of blood spreading on the outside of his left thigh; a small gunshot, probably from a .22.
, the Arc Reactor popped out of the socket.  There would be no getting it back in there until he warmed up, and it somehow seemed a lot less impressive and a lot more dangerous now that it was dangling from the hole in his chest by a couple of copper wires.
"I'm with you; go ahead."
He landed in an empty lot behind a condemned tenement and waited for Steve to catch up, trying to sort out the words before they met. He didn't quite make it; Steve had broken into a somewhat awkward run, one hand pressed against his wound.
It was dusk when Steve's eyes finally started registering things like light and movement again.  Everything hurt, every piece of him throbbing with a dull, pounding ache as though the Hulk had grabbed him by his ankles and beat him against a school bus.
There was a brief moment of hesitation, as if Tony
Tony's skin was cold and he wasn't moving, his eyes wide and staring into nothing;  Steve tried to talk to him, keep him here on this Earth, but his mouth wouldn't work, and he tried to get the plug into the socket at the bottom of that horrible
That was how the latest prototype exploded just a tad, tore a teeny tiny hole in space-time, and an un-armored Tony was blown into a four-foot-tall snowbank with a very unhappy Steve still dive-clinging to his back.
"All right, soldier boy.  Unfortunately, I left all my superhero gadgets on the
Tony swallows a little.  "I figured you'd think of something. And you did, right? Or I wouldn't be here."
For now, there's an unfamiliar genius dozing on his shoulder as the sun comes up over an unfamiliar city, and for the first time in a long time, he feels like it's okay to get to know them both.
The mountain was steep and what little there were in the way of safe paths were slippery and narrow, crusted over with ice in some places and obscured by deep drifts of snow in others. Steve's coping mechanisms, mostly rooted in personal ritual to get used to modern life, had finally paid off: when he returned to the Tower, he never took off any clothing or let go of his keys until he knew who was home and who wasn't, and that meant ducking into Tony's lab to check for the resident science nerds.  As a result, he was about as well-dressed for cold weather as anyone could ask, wool and gabardine and his motorcycle boots.  Tony, having spent the last four days in a climate-controlled bubble, hadn't even bothered with socks.
"... Maybe.  You start."
really, but he understood gentle touches and closeness, and it seemed strangely natural, the way life tended to treat him, that he was able to hold Tony Stark only after he was still and cold.
"It's okay. I get it. Me too."    It was a thin, sad little smile, but it was enough; he reached up and patted the other man's arm with shaking fingers. "Talk about it later?"
Behind him, Steve was trying to follow his example, doggedly sticking close even when he wasn't exactly sure why.  When Tony had chosen a particularly dead-looking tree wilting against the rock wall and was deciding exactly how he wanted to harvest it for firewood, he shook his head, and carefully nudged Tony aside as though he weren't sure of his strength or his depth perception. "'Scuse me.  Let me see? Your arm's hurt, I can do it."
He found Steve ambling back to his little apartment over the gym. He wasn't limping. Given his healing factor and the density of his thigh muscles, the slug had probably been easy enough to just pick out with a fingernail and the healing factor could handle the rest; that, at least, Tony found marginally comforting. New York didn't exactly have the best reputation as a compassionate city, half the stories about corpses going unnoticed in public places for days or weeks probably had their roots in this town, but there was something specially revolting about watching Captain America, walking slowly across Manhattan, hands in his pockets and quietly bleeding.
As it turned out, the latest Iron Man flight system incorporated a lot of what S.H.I.E.L.D. had derived from Asgardian technology, which, apparently only Steve still remembered, was gosh darned
In the months after the attack on Manhattan, Steve finds himself unwilling to leave the city. New York is home, even if it's not the one he knows. It's full of glitz now, lights and noise and the so-called beautiful people of this day and age. He feels they might be bit of a letdown after Clark Gable and Myrna Loy, but he likes seeing the unabashed smiles on the girls on the billboards (even if he wishes they'd wear more clothes). He sees a group of girls playing soccer in the muddy turf of Central Park and doesn't hear anyone scolding them for not being ladylike; he likes that, too. He sees guys who were as skinny as he used to be, wearing clothes that don't sag on their bony frames and attracting the attention of cute girls the way he never could.
"All right."  He's the leader; that makes a certain amount of sense.  "I... Firstly, I think I owe you an apology."
He let himself drop against the pine needles.  Everything hurt; his muscles were sore, his skin stung, his knuckles throbbed and bled, his head ached, his eyes burned, his hand smoldered.  Tony body lay chilled and wet-dishrag limp, his lips colorless and slack, his fingers splayed loosely on the ground at his sides.
"Your beard is frosting over."
The words flooded Steve's brain, tangling together in a knot before they got anywhere near his mouth.
"I told you, I don't feel the co--"
"Yeah, a little.  That's all right, though, it was... it was nice."  Steve smiles, and reaches over to the chair next to the bed, where his rather badly-used motorcycle jacket is hanging, and puts it on, and then offers Tony the black fleece zip-up hanging underneath it.   "So we won't have to argue over mine," he says.
After that, another blank, then it was warm blankets and Bruce's voice murmuring about medical things, body temperature and cell death and tissue breakdown. Steve, telling him it would be okay, and then a searing pain in all four limbs, and then darkness.
"Blood transfusion."
"I build lots of things."    Tony took it, and equally unsteadily, started surveying the trees closer to the rock wall, figuring those ones would be the best to cut up for firewood while he thought of a way to start an actual fire. In the dark. In the snow.  With not a lot of tools.
"Yes, that's normal. You are
"Yeah-- yeah. I'm fine. Ears ringing, otherwise... doing okay; that wasn't really what I was shooting for but--"   He winced a bit, let Steve haul him out of the snow, and was immediately distracted from the implications of this accidental discovery.
"See, one of those things? One of those things, is this... relic, this old-school soldier. Way old school, all morals and decency and standing up for what's right, and no matter how different I am from the guy I used to be before I was Iron Man, being around him reminds me how far I am from making up for being that son of a bitch in the first place.  But."  Tony looked back at Steve, resolute in his conclusions.  "... I know that the world we live in doesn't treat decent people very well, most of the time. And sometimes, that's exactly what makes that one soldier special.  Not always, sometimes he's kind of a tool just like the rest of us."
“He did?” That seemed to put that genuine smile back on Steve's face. “I'd wondered if he'd... you know, forgotten me.”
Finally, after God only knew how many hours of trudging through snow and bitterly cold gusts of wind, they literally stumbled into something much more preferable: a copse of spruce trees, grown thick enough that their branches practically interlocked, were competing for sunlight under an outcropping.  The ground between them was carpeted in what was probably years' worth of shed needles, aged to a brown, straw-like dryness.  Coming in out of the wind made it seem almost warm, and they were both grateful to get off of their blistered, aching feet.
"No, I get you. And it's not like I
“1978, sir.”
Tony sits up, which gets Steve's attention.  "... I don't feel dead."
“I do, actually, but this is kind of a special occasion.”
They spent that evening shoulder to shoulder on the couch, surrounded by pizza and breadsticks they had very much not been fucked on, exposing Steve to the endless, circular Trivia Hell that is Wikipedia, projected onto a picture window that used to hold the New York skyline. When Tony was finally too sloshed to be able to focus on Wikipedia anymore, he switched to YouTube, and stuck to videos that were worth laughing at.
"...We're really,
Yeah, Steve had a bullethole in his leg, and his friends were all long dead and gone. Someday, he'd have to face it properly, and give himself the chance to mourn the person he might have been. When he was ready, he would grieve, and move on.
.  And although he knew he shouldn't jostle him too much, he couldn't stop himself putting his hands on Tony's shoulders and looking him over thoroughly for damage.  "Man alive, you're a mess."
“I know! I know.” Tony turned to face him, one ankle tucking under his knee as he did. “It's not fair. It's wrong, and I'm sorry.” And then, maybe not for the first time, but in his most successful attempt to be legitimately nice to someone yet, he refilled Steve's drink, gave him his full attention, and asked him, “How are you holding up?”
“I … I thought we could start with my dad. You probably knew him better than I did, honestly. He talked about you all the time, while I was growing up.” Tony moved to lead Steve upstairs, to where the good booze was; he figured he'd need it.
The branches started piling up, and Tony sat down to start cutting one of them into wood shavings. He hadn't quite solved the problem of how to actually start the fire they were going to need, he figured getting some kindling together and having something to do with his hands would get his brain moving away from terrorists and Stark Industries crates and toward something productive.  Oh, sure, there was the
"You a doctor now, Stark?"
The men in line to get in whisper to each other as he walks by, eyes straying to his shoulders and his legs; a few swoon like girls when he kneels down to tie his shoe. When he realizes they're flirting, Steve blushes and picks up his pace, shrinking a little into the collar of his coat. Tony laughs, because Steve is beautiful in a way that would be stupid on anyone else, and he has nothing but sympathy for the crowd as Steve cuts through an alley; hate to see him go, love to watch him leave. And maybe, in Tony's petty, mean little way, seeing a little bit of homophobia on him brings him a little back down to Earth.
didn't feel cold.  In fact, he felt a little warm, so he didn't complain;  Tony was still holding it down for the sake of being able to get through this process and move on, but he was pale and shivering and hurt and very far away from the part of him that made it feel like the world still needed him in it.
"Yes, yes I am.  Where did you even get a Mark I trench knife?"
"Thanks for pulling me along behind you."
somewhere safe? You know something, I appreciate that sentiment, I really do, and I know we're all on the same world-saving hero team and everything, but could you
regenerate, which means you were being constantly afflicted with head-to-toe frostbite and recovering from it, and
Steve didn't waste time, just hooked an arm around Iron Man's back and did his best to hold himself steady for the takeoff; not really any different from hanging onto a helicopter, just smaller and more personable. Sort of. If he hadn't been so close, Tony might not have heard the soft grunt of pain as the pressure of an armored hand gripped his waist, or the sigh of relief as it took the weight off of his injured leg, or the very small smile on his lips as they slowly raised off of the ground.
and did not make a great amount of sense.  And, as it further turned out, the closest thing Asgard had to aeronautics largely depended on atmospheric conditions that did not exist on Earth.  Also, it was magic.
"It sucks."
“That sounds rough. I'm sorry.”
Tony actually had to think about it, and decided he didn't actually do a lot of climbing. Most of his upward movement happened with elevators, stairs, and the suit.  "Untested."
And then it all came tumbling back to him at once: Tony dropping out of his field of vision, and the cold, and falling, and Bucky, and... and Tony was alive.  Staring at him like he might be stupid or insane, but
"I'm going to unplug this.  Once I do, the electromagnet in my chest is going to shut down, and I'm going to go into cardiac arrest, but I need you to
Despite himself, Steve smiled.  "I spent a long while asleep in a glacier.  Cold doesn't bother me quite so much anymore.  C'mon.  We'll be okay, I used to do this kind of thing all the time."
Steve turned the Reactor around to get a better look at the plug, and sure enough, a little row of tiny metal plates on the plastic facing stared back up at him.  It was alien and weird, but that didn't matter; Tony was nearly convulsing behind him, and the next step was going to be the easy one.
At any other time, Tony might have questioned Steve's ability to navigate by landmark, but the fact of the matter was that they didn't have a way to call anybody to tell them where they were, the lab might be on fire, and at roughly ten thousand feet above sea level in the middle of November, it was cold enough to warrant serious concern.   So he nodded instead.
But for now, there are a few long hallways and an elevator ride between them and the rest of the world; there's no one to comment on the way that Steve lets Tony guide him down the hall at his  own pace, or the way the way the sleeve of Tony's Steve-sized coat pools around his wrist, or the way their fingers link together as they walk.
"Pretty bad
"No, it won't.  But if you lie down, you'll sleep, and if you sleep, you'll end up in another coma.  You're already primed for cryostasis, Cap, if you pass out now it might be another seventy years before you wake up."   Tony watched Steve's pupils; they were reacting sluggishly to the light of the Arc Reactor, and that scared him. If it was just a concussion, he should have shrugged that off by now.   "Okay, Boy Scout.  You got a pocketknife on you?"
"No, no.  Well, that too, but I mean..."  Steve swallows, and turns a little so that he can face Tony properly.  "For underestimating you.  When we were out there I was so busy being sure of myself, you got hurt, and when it got real bad... Tony, you
"We caught a real lucky break with that one. But that's not what I'm getting at."  Steve swallows. "You really laid on the barbed wire for me.  More than that, really, you handed me the wire cutters and lay down and just had to hope I wouldn't leave you there.  I've never had to be the guy that crawled over his friend before, Tony."
, Steve. Just take the jacket, even if it's just for a few minutes to get your skin back to its rightful pastiness."
going to die, and
, thank you for your
doing, Capsicle?"
the same ravine, but looking down into it pulled bile up into his throat.  The river must have been frozen because there was no sound of rushing water like there should have been, and there were no railroad tracks or any indication there had ever been any, but he could still see it, the twisted metal of the train car, the rail snapping, his own voice echoing uselessly into the white--
“...Clint and Natasha are overseas. Thor isn't back from Asgard. Bruce has enough problems. It didn't seem important enough to call Fury.”
that. These two wires, these ones right here--"  Tony gestured to the thin tethers keeping the thing anchored to his chest.  "--are attached to a little plug, and the end of that plug has a couple of metal bits on it, you follow?"
It wasn't for a few seconds that he realized he was moving, being dragged slowly in the windy depths of--
, Captain America.   You aren't hearing me: you spent years frozen in a glacier.  For anybody else that's death from exposure;
hurt?"
Tony took another drink in the long space of silence, his guilt palpable in the air. “Is that why you didn't call anyone, after you were shot?”
Tony took the edge of the trench knife and very carefully began to pry the Arc Reactor out-- yeah, he'd been afraid of that. His core temperature was lowered and the socket had to be very precise to hold the reactor without risking it falling out if he bent down or jostling mid-flight, and now he was looking at an unfortunate matter of negative thermal expansion.   "Did they ever explain to you how this thing works?"
He sat up sharply, rolled to his feet, and the figure dragging him stumbled a yard or so with the sudden slack:  a very haggard-looking Tony.
He stared at his Contacts for a moment... and then his face seemed to fall, as if he suddenly realized that nothing on the screen meant anything to him. He closed it without calling anyone, just took off his jacket, tied it around his waist to hide the blood, and then continued on his way as if nothing had happened.
in Tony's chest, but his sore and blistered and trembling fingers couldn't even fit--
"All right, good; what do we have to do?"
“And I hated you.”
The injury, as it turned out, wasn't bad. The healing factor had already kicked in, and although the bleeding hadn't stopped, the knitting muscle had already forced the offending bullet out; Steve offered Tony his leg, watching him gently dab at the wound with a cotton ball soaked in disinfectant, and found himself bemused.
plummeting to our deaths, so that was fun, capital F-U.
Steve scooted closer, and without thinking too much, took a hold of Tony's forearms as gently as possible and held them still.  "Steady, now; I got this part, just concentrate."
way, but... that wasn't something he was ready to try yet.
"What are y-- Tony, stop. Tell me what you're doing--"
Everything special about you came out of a bottle.
“And you hated me.”
"Exhausted, but I didn't spend two hours completely exposed to the elements while unconscious.  Oh, and I'm not superhuman." Tony padded over and nudged Steve onto his back, and did not feel very comfortable with the bleary look on his face.  The parts of his skin that weren't wind burnt were puffy and ashen, and that was bad.  "Yeah, you're wanting to turn blue and the Serum's not letting you."
"For blowing me off about the hypothermia thing? Because that was a dick move."
of blood and clear, watery fluid erupted from the bubbled skin like fat from a split sausage, and it was messy and it was disgusting but at least his hand was smaller, and all he had to do was just reach in there and fish around for the socket and just put the plug back in and it would be fine, but his fingertips were so numb
The last vestiges of Tony's cynicism told him this was the part where Steve would lecture him, maybe proselytize a little, about the evils of queer life and that being a sissy wouldn't get him anywhere, but it was cold and gray even in his own mind. Instead, Steve helped him to his feet, turned around while he fixed his clothes, asked if he was hurt and if he needed a doctor. And when the kid said no, Steve gave him a few dollars for the bus, and covered his retreat.
Maybe he stayed quiet too long; Steve stood up, grabbed his blood-stained jeans, and headed for the door. “I...should go, shouldn't I? Thanks for patching me up, Stark, and for the ride. Have a good night.”
Steve nodded, and made a point of slipping Tony's good arm around his shoulders to help him walk, surreptitiously setting the lion's share of the jacket across Tony's shoulders. "You're shivering."
"Getting
means you have extreme desensitization to the cold."
"...Not bad. Not as bad as I should, in fact."  Frowning, Tony pulls the blanket aside to get a look at his feet, figuring that's where the lasting damage will be, if it's anywhere.  The cast on his arm and the bandage on his ankle aren't anything shocking, but his feet are completely undamaged, to his surprise.  More surprising is the S.H.I.E.L.D. practice sweatpants and T-shirt he's got on.
"Sucks. How's your head?"
not in Kansas anymore, Toto."
But Tony continued unabated.“Now I know you're real. And frankly, if I had been in my dad's place? I would have been pretty damn disappointed in me, too.” He refilled his tumbler, and knocked that one back too. It stung, but right now, that's what he needed. “Because you live up to the hype. You really do, Cap.”
"Part of being a weapons developer.  How can you build the future of warfare if you don't know the past?"  Tony held his hand out for it.   "Give it here, Always Prepared."
Slowly, the wood shavings went into the shallow pit. It was an arduous process done with stiff fingers and improper tools, but it was done.  Unfortunately, it had eaten up a lot of time, and now they were faced with a new problem, on top of the worsening symptoms Tony had been keeping silent track of since they'd gotten into the trees.
The brush of frost-tipped hair against his face scratched like claws, but he was beyond caring about it anymore.   The darkness was tugging at him, familiar and safe in its nothingness; the fire was warm and the wind howled in the distance.  He'd done everything he could, he'd stuck to the plan. The rest was up to God, and so Steve watched the embers float up into the air, wishing he could remember the next line after "hallowed be Thy name".
Tony swallowed, took one deep breath, and nodded.
a tomorrow first.  "...Are you ready?"
The other man allows himself a small, sympathetic smile, thinking of Yinsen and a cave in the middle of the desert.  "How's it feel?"
Tony peeled off his T-shirt, and at this point it didn't feel very different with or without it.  The Arc Reactor glowed brightly from its socket in his chest.   "I was... I was honestly hoping to avoid this, but I don't think there are any other options that don't involve going back out there and looking for things we're probably not going to find.  I'm gonna need a hand here, okay?"
, because it's going to heat the shit out of the knife and-- hopefully-- start the fire.  Once the fire's lit, make sure it is going to
"If they ever find a way to preserve people's brains in little glass tanks after they're dead, I want him and me to have bunk-jars."  Tony smiles, and wiggles his apparently-new toes.  They do look a little pink, compared to his old ones.   "How are
He takes it as a learning experience, because sometimes you don't know when you need to come down a peg, and it's better to get knocked down and work your way back up than to think you deserve to be at the top. Humility doesn't tend to be tall enough to get all the way up a pedestal. Although he can't bring himself to thank a man for cruelty, he accepts it, and soldiers on.
"Look, just because you personally do not feel cold because your nerves are desensitized, it doesn't mean the structural integrity of your body is immune to the laws of thermodynamics.
"Just you, Tony, you're special."
Sometime well past dark, they were using the Arc Reactor as a flashlight, searching for a good place to try to at least get out of the wind.  It was loud, too loud to bother with much talking, and although neither ever said anything or slowed down, Tony was in pain and Steve was dizzy and disoriented.
Steve glowered sleepily at the cold pile of shavings and bark. "I don't have anything to start a fire with."
"Well, I don't have any other ideas that don't involve words like "forage" and "if we're lucky"."
"Christmas present, from Clint. How do you even know what a Mark I trench knife looks like?"
I was so excited, I don't even have the words. The first time I saw you I knew you had to be Howard's. If you didn't know him very well I guess you don't see it, but you're a chip off the old block, no question. The way you talk, the way you smile, even the way you light up when you're looking at something you think is keen. And I thought, finally, there's a familiar face--”
With a burst of energy Steve leaped up to push Tony out of the way; he succeeded but what happened next brought everyone to complete shock; their gems fused. Steve felt energy flow through him and with that energy he carried Tony at super speed away from the pearl. Onyx Nick was also stunned but he got past it in time to sense they were about to be cornered.
Ever since Tony visited the café’ he and Thor have grown closer. Thor was a big teddy bear and he was always sweet and caring. Tony felt himself drawn but made boundaries. They were just friends. Tony slept over a few times during the week and Thor didn’t mind. At times he woke up with Thor holding him and Tony would snuggle against him but it didn’t really mean anything right?
Steve smiled at him “Hey to you too, I kinda knew you’d be here” He said sitting beside Tony handing him a Styrofoam cup and a big paper bag.
Tony felt himself let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “No-no prob Thor”
“You’re smiling, May I ask why the good captain would want to give a gift to someone such as Tony Stark?” Wanda asked a bit of teasing was evident in her voice. Steve blushed.
Tony had a mind that could rival the greatest minds from yesteryear's and of today so its often wondered why he’d stay at a high school when he could easily go for a degree and more in just a year.
“I sleep without a shirt on” Steve said a bit embarrassed.
“Hey! What the hell Barton!” Tony said fuming. Clint shushed him and told him to listen.  Tony did.
“Do you, uh still want to kiss me?” Tony asked shyly. “Is that even a question?” Steve said happily and in just a second Steve’s lips were on Tony’s. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and drew him closer deepening there kiss and Steve held him closer making there bodies press together tightly that they could melt into each other.
Steve’s door was open slightly and Tony peered through the small opening. He saw Steve with his hands covering his face. He was slightly bent over like a child that lost their favorite toy. He took a step back and composed himself. He took a deep breath as he prepared to go in.
“I was kissing you” Thor said matter-of-factly.
Steven Grant Rogers was the schools top athlete and Tony’s best friend. He is the captain of all the school’s sports teams and sports related clubs and committees, not to mention student body president. He is the school’s golden boy.
With that Steve’s room came into view, “Sound on Please” Clint said after the footage came on.
“I’m so excited to fight those rebels once they get here!” Ruby Rhodes said raising a fist in the air.
Steve’s body filled with dread but he still remained firm in his stance of protecting Tony. Better Him than Tony he thought. Just then something grabbed his arm and he was pulled roughly and extremely quickly away from the crowd of outraged gems: It was Tony.
He first made his way by Tony’s side giving him a firm squeeze on his hand a gentle kiss on the forehead. He laid down while facing Tony as exhaustion took over. He was out in no time.
“I’m sorry but I had my reasons” Tony said as he was the one to look away.
“Steve, I’m scared, where are you? Steve, I don’t want to be alone” Tony’s voice cracked.
Steve chuckled “What would you do without me. Anyways, even though you’re smart you should still go to class you know.” He explained.
This was just Steve and Tony Centric, I feel giddy just reading it. Please tell me what you think. I'll continue the main story line in the next chapter.
Tony drove off, taking the routes wherein there would be zero Steve sightings. He was being paranoid but he had reasons to be. The drive took about 10 minutes from the place Tony was but he calculated 20 minutes from his school and it would give him another place to go to for coffee. He arrived and was pleasantly surprised.
He has an anger issue and football helps ease it out.
Tony was greeted with a familiar face as he stepped through the door of his home; Jarvis. Jarvis was and is Tony’s family butler. He’d been Tony’s guardian and babysitter even before the accident that took away Tony’s parents. He was kind and gentle, a bit strict at times but Tony loved him nonetheless. He is a man over his fifties with graying hair but a slim yet stocky frame. He’d always talk properly and politely but not as theatrically as Thor and usually had a British accent when he spoke. Jarvis was wearing his usual butler’s attire which composed of a typical butler’s uniform. Tony urges him from time to time to dress casually but Jarvis is always true to his duties.
“So you love him?” Bruce stated rather than asked.
“You dropped me!” Steve said in mild irritation as he got up. “Sorry I hadn’t used that ability in a long while and not with someone else” Tony said arrogantly yet embarrassed at the same time.
“This isn’t the scenario you spoke of” Red Diamond questioned in rage, his gem glowing bright.
Steve ran and ran looking for a place to rest, until he came to an abrupt halt at the entrance of a small cavern. He rushed in carrying Tony and set him gently off the ground.
Anthony ”Tony” Stark, one of the greatest minds to enter S.H.I.E.L.D high reclined leisurely under a tree by the school’s track field.
“Tony!” I’m here!” Steve tried to reach for him but he couldn’t move his arm. It was like something was holding him back.
In what seemed like forever the voices grew quiet and Tony heard the sound of a door being opened and closed. A moment later, there was a quiet knock from the other side of the door and his body tensed on instinct.
Tony had given Steve his lockers’ combination before so Steve can get things for Tony when he was being lazy. The coffee was warm but not hot and the muffin was too. Steve could have made these before going to class. Now he felt really guilty. Did Steve deserve this? Tony leaned his head against the cool metal of his locker and let the cool metal calm his thoughts.
“Steve! Steve! I’m scared” Tony sobbed as the light from his body was being consumed.
“This is my floor, catch ya later Steve” Tony called out as he went down the hall that lead to his workshop.
Steve remembered all the wonderful memories he had with Tony. His first time on a beach in the summer and Tony’s insipid request to jump on piles of autumn leaves in fall. It brought a bitter sweet feeling.
“He hasn’t woken up yet” Rhodey informed him. Steve sighed in relief.
Steve bit back his tongue and casually asked “Need something Tony?” Steve set getting into a stance.
Thor sighed. “It may be a short while since we’ve grown close but it’s within that time, certain emotions and urges surfaced and I thought to act upon them thinking you’d react approvingly.” Thor looked embarrassed again like a kid who got caught sneaking a few cookies before dinner.
“I didn’t know you,” he admitted, finally breaking his intense stare-down with the elevator doors as their ascent slowed, slowed, then stopped. Blue gaze met brown in the dull, fluorescent lighting. Then, the doors slid open and much of their space was filled with darkness, the light blurring with shadow on the smooth master suite floor. Somewhere, the ticking of a clock filled the empty air. In any other context, it would have been eerie; but now, it was just comfortable. It was right.
Steve took it as his cue to leave the room.
he didn’t want to think about Tony pushing trays of food away and kicking at doctors while they threaded the thin tube into his stomach.
Another chuckle. “There’s the million dollar question.”
Peter took after Steve in the best ways- but maybe Tony had to give himself some credit sometimes.
Steve’s own blood, blood that was not all over the pristine white bathroom, ran cold. “What do you mean?”
“I was going to get you food,” Steve protested, attempting to pry the fingers from his skin. It ended up being not that he didn’t have the strength to do so, just that he certainly didn’t have the heart. Even with the blinds shut, he could see the dampness of sweat on the other’s brow, could hear the teeth clacking together in a dazed chill. “And I was going to take your temperature.”
maybe he was panicking a little bit. “Shit,” he cursed. His hands shook with so much ferocity that the white wad that he held was white-knuckled in his grip. Shit. Shit.
“You have to read between the lines, Cap. Do you think that he just went out for coffee with that guy he took home after Tom and Myrtle’s party? The elevator scene is full of phallic innuendo.” Tony said, nudging the man’s side. “Though I’m sure your prude ass would love to ignore all of
else.
Instead, he was met with complete and utter silence. Of course, he knew that most of the Avengers that inhabited the tower would be out on mission or whatnot- Steve hadn’t checked his phone for anything, so he assumed that if anything had come up, they’d gone without him. He was grateful when a voice broke the silence.
“No, not like that, really. I draw regular things from back then too, not just people. My motorcycle, the view from my bedroom window… all of those things.”
Peter’s lower lip began to tremble again and his eyes welled with tears. As Steve felt a rush of panic course through him, worrying about another impending meltdown, Peter instead said, “I wanna see daddy,” voice tearful and quiet.
“I-I’m taking this,” he insisted and Steve sighed once he saw that Tony had wrapped a fluffy blue blanket around his shoulders. Even with the blanket, the smaller man shivered and Steve didn’t even want to imagine how much worse Tony’s fever would become once they had stepped out into the raining New York streets. Unfortunately, the lack of medicine in the tower left little choice.
“Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need some Pepto for this stomachache.” Tony announced, exiting the bathroom and leaving Steve to stand awkwardly and uncomfortably in the bathroom. Steve had a feeling that the man was fetching a lot more than Pepto Bismol- the sickness was nothing like a hangover and was certainly not an affect from his injuries. Steve didn’t know much about medicine, but he knew that a broken wrist wouldn’t cause Tony’s stomach to try expelling itself out of his mouth like it had. Still, he stood helplessly, regretting having let Tony go.
From then on, Steve wasn’t bothered by the hum.
Once the room had been pitched into darkness, Steve lowered himself to the ground and crawled over to Peter, situating himself there. His hand reached for Peter’s flailing one, clasping it in his warm grip. Peter reacted immediately, pulling his little fingers away and continuing to bawl. Steve sighed, beginning to shush Peter gently. These attacks were near impossible to mitigate at times and required only patience. He sat quietly next to his son in the dark, murmuring low and quiet assurances.
On the counter to his far left sat an open edition of the
“Tony! We don’t need any help!”
“I-it’s not bad, Steve, it’s just-“ Tony broke off as his voice cracked, trying to steady himself. “It’s just, uh, prescription, right? Narcotics, uh, opioids. So, uh, not like cocaine or any of that stuff I-I used to… y’know, when I was young. They give it to patients all the time so, um… i-it’s not bad.”
Peter took after Steve in the best ways. Somehow, even if Peter was adopted and wasn’t at all biologically related to either of them, he still smiled with the same cheerful eyes and grin that Steve had passed to him. Tony saw Steve in every good thing that Peter did; the way that he threw his head back when he laughed too hard, the way that he read as he waited patiently for Tony to finish his work, the gentle touch that he used to pick up a baby bird that had fallen from its nest at the park. Steve had rubbed off on their son only in the best of ways.
“Fuck!” He cursed, jaw locking in an expression of anger. Steve’s stomach flipped at the exclamation and he pulled the bottle from the trembling hand, setting down the glass so that he could easily twist the cap off himself, passing the open container to Tony. Then, he watched in slight horror as Tony simply grabbed an unknown amount of the white pills and tossed them back, swallowing before Steve could stop him.
“You’ll come with me?” Tony’s voice sounded small, far off. Steve wasn’t in the state of mind to read into the request.
don’t deserve the way that all those goddamn people gawk at you like you’re broken. You’re
After ten minutes, Peter had cried himself out and clambered exhausted into Steve’s lap. Steve held the small frame firmly, careful not to overwhelm him again with too many sensations. Of course, his mind swam just like Tony’s. What if there was something else wrong? Was Peter autistic? Was he dysfunctional? Despite his thoughts, he was able to calm himself enough that he could deal with the situation at hand. He scooped up the sniffling, hiccupping boy and paced to the sink, sitting Peter on the counter as he filled a plastic cup with water. Peter obediently sipped from it, despite that his wracking chest made swallowing difficult.
Tony’s feet scuffled along the floor and Steve could almost hear his manic thoughts, calculating, calculating, calculating outliers and permutations as if he in himself were some sort of quadratic formula or complex equation that he just
Steve’s lips pressed together as if to keep the words in. “Well, I’d rather you did so that we can avoid that
“You know,” Steve sighed finally, raising his gaze from the page to meet Tony’s. “I’ve told you
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve apologized hastily, sighing in relief when he finally had lowered Tony enough so that the man wasn’t in immediate pain.
Tony pulled his sleeve up to cover his face, the baggy fabric adequately shielding his features due to its oversized nature. Gasping breaths- what were something more like badly-hidden sobs. “I’m gonna mess it up.”
“No, I…” Steve began helplessly. “I just… I don’t know what to say. I didn’t know. I-I wish I’d known, Tony.”
Steve sat up abruptly. He slipped his legs out from under the covers and his bare feet hit the chilly floor, thanking the expensive mattress for the fact that his movements hadn’t woken the other. A long, drawn out sigh. A shake of his head to clear the thoughts away. He decided to take a shower on a different floor entirely.
“Alright,” Steve replied softly. He rested his palm on Tony’s hip, smoothing his thumb over where the wrapping met the skin. Tony sighed and his head fell forward to rest against Steve’s chest. Steve’s other palm brushed over Tony’s cheek and Tony clasped it there. “How are you feeling now?” Steve prompted, shocking himself with the gentleness in his own voice.
“Oh, Jesus,” Steve hissed, blood draining from his cheeks. “I-I’m sorry, it was just s-so… spur-of-the-moment, I d-didn’t think, I-“
“That’s coming from that thing in your chest?”
The itch of the other’s scruff grew absent and their lips parted, leaning in only to rest foreheads together. Noses brushed. A breathy laugh from Tony, laboured and feeble.
“Because-“ Steve’s words caught in his throat, looking over the weak form; shivering, whimpering, in complete and total daze of a withdrawal-induced fever. He wanted to say so many things- ‘
“Tony,” Steve chuckled, a smile tugging at his lips. Tony’s eyes blinked open in surprise at the sudden change in mood, frowning. “You’re being ridiculous. It’s fine.” He shook himself free of Tony’s hold.
And, “yes, yes,” he chanted under his breath because of course the answer was yes. Of course, of course. The thin lips took in his length again, ensuring that Steve was watching completely before he swallowed Steve down whole and that was nearly enough to make him lose himself in that one moment. All that it took was a few more manic and erratic jerks before he spilled over his hand, arching up against the tile. “Oh, God, Tony,” he breathed heavily, panting desperately as he writhed up against the wall.
“If you want me to, I will.” Steve vowed, looking up to Tony’s blanched face. True, he could barely see the man through the dark, but he could see just where the light from the arc reactor illuminated the contours of his cheeks and jaw. He wanted to touch there, to cast shadows over the blue-hued skin.
give me any grief.” The smaller man had begun to tap at some holograms by the window, sliding a dial up and tapping a few times.
Sighing happily at the end of the day he made his way to where he knew Steve would be; the school council room.
“You told me not to disturb you as you were setting up, sir” The computer voice said with a hint of sarcasm. “Remind me to reprogram you!” Tony huffed in irritation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You ain’t the only one!” Ruby Bucky said grinning.
“What are you going to do now?” Bruce calmly asked him.
Clint saw him and waved at him with a smile. Natasha turned surprised but soon shot him a glare and just kept walking down the hall. Clint was surprised and sprint towards Natasha; that was not a good sign.
When his jacket and boots were removed, Tony led him to the makeshift bed they made. Tony pulled Steve down and Steve went along.
A gem shrouded in a red cloak sat on a throne, his face was hidden underneath the cloak. His gem was located in the center if his chest.
Tony had done what he always did and carried the bomb away from them. He had asked Bruce to throw him as hard as he can and used his suit for the rest. It had worked but with a price. Tony was caught in the blast radius which ended in him being unconscious and his suit depowered. The others who could take to the sky headed for Tony’s falling form. He was saved in time but as he was laid on the pavement, Steve prayed for the best. Tony’s reactor didn’t glow.
Steve sighed defeated and took off his gloves as he made his way to the bench where his stuff lay. “I-I might be….” Steve said voice quiet but Tony heard nonetheless and walked over to where Steve was.
“You should go to him” Tony didn’t reply and just ran to the elevators as fast as he can.
Steve is an embodiment of good. Always being kind, polite and a general nice guy, he’s known and respected by all, being the captain of many sports teams and the student boy president.
He made his way through the corridors and he passed by some of his friends along the way. Bruce Banner another great mind of the school was heading over to the labs for an experiment for the upcoming school science fair so he didn’t have time to chat much. Further down he heard arguing; a couple and he knew who the voices belonged to; Thor Odinson and his girlfriend Jane. He just quickened his pace at the sound of Thor’s thunder like voice.
Tony’s Gem started to glow as he close his eyes in concentration. In moments he opened them.
Tony looked at him but gave him another small smile. “I’d like a bit of company Cap.”
“You’re one of them” Steve was speechless and gave Tony a tight hug kissing the side of his scruffy face. They stayed like that and when Tony passed out, Steve carried him to his room, snuggling under the covers with him.
“Hey Steve” Tony greeted happily stretching up to adjust his position so that his back was against the tree.
Sorry if this chapter was a bit intense, most sequences like this happen in the middle but I wanted to develop on this concept for further chapters. Bruce will play a good part in the next few chapter and Jarvis will be seen later on. Thanks for reading :)
“There he is the one with the blue gem on his chest!” Onyx announced. Black pearl was in front of Tony in seconds. She raised her sword to cut through Tony. Steve was horrified as he tried to get up to reach Tony in time.
Tony just smiled at him, placing his notepad on the table and picking up his drink. Thor was watching him closely. He took a whiff and it smelled great, very warm and relaxing but when he took a drink. His mind went blank. Tony’s eyes grew wide; it was delicious. Thor smiled bigger,
Steve’s bed was big to accommodate his size and roomy for him to move around him. He didn’t need to turn on a light, Tony’s reactor casting a soft blue glow gave them enough light to not bump into anything. They stood their awkwardly until Steve turned away to take of his shirt.
Steve set up the new bag and was going to start another routine when someone came into the gym: Tony.
Sapphire Tony entered, pushing away the curtains that acted as the doors.
He was going to use this to stay clear of Steve. Sure he thought this was the coward’s way out but he thought that maybe time would sort things out or at least he hoped it will.
A lot of things have happened in Steven universe and I'm not sure if  what I've written will do justice for the current Theme of STU. Enjoy anyways.
Thank you for reading.
Tony took a long sip of the cup and sighed happily when he turned to speak to Steve” You always do and thanks for this, you know how I like my coffee Steve” Tony thanked him taking another sip.
“You need more nutrients Tony but don’t worry I just put in the one’s you like but with enough nutrients you’d need.” Steve smiled sheepishly.
“You, Steve, Talk” Natasha said cryptically. Tony looked away.
“Thanks Bruce, I, I’m sorry you had to see me like that” Tony said embarrassed and he wiped his hand on his shirt.
“I’m fine everyone, It was just a dream”. The tension in the room dispersed as everyone let loose a breath they were holding, Bruce capping the syringe and Clint and Natasha lowering their stance as well.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked quietly looking away again.
Tony came to class, dazed and broken and everyone that saw him was worried, his friends the most the most concerned. A figure in the halls shook her head as she walked to class. Lunch came and Tony felt a bit better. Thor was concerned and gave Tony a big hug before class. He just knew he teared up a bit as he hugged him back. Bruce sat closer to him during class offering what little comfort he could give.
“No Promises!” Tony yelled from the hallway. That made Steve smile, he missed this, and he missed Tony. He will fulfill his promise to talk to the knight but for now, he was going to enjoy some time alone with Tony.
“I, I need to think Bruce. I need to think of what to do from here. Things will be different with me and Steve from here on in but he’s still my best friend. I just have to deal with this on my own for now.” Tony said getting up from the stool. Bruce joined him as they walked to the door.
“I’m gonna remove the cameras from both our rooms from today on”. Tony was glaring at the place where the camera was. Steve just nodded. “Good”. “Tony?” Steve called him and said. “I Love you” it was Tony’s turn to blush. “I-I love you too.” Tony said feeling embarrassed but overjoyed.
Steve looked at him anger surfacing again. “Like when I wanted to talk to you and you kept brushing me off!” Steve said, anger and irritation clear in his words. It impaled Tony’s heart to hear Steve say that.
Tony looked up at Thor. He wasn’t wearing his uniform and apron and his hair was back to it’s untied state. Thor’s choices of outfits were a mix of casual and theatrical. He was wearing a gray long sleeved shirt with a vest that had large circular silver discs, a pair of semi snug jeans and boots.
Believe it or not Bruce is part of the schools football team. Aptly nicknamed “The Hulk” Bruce is a monster out in the field. Some would even say he was a different person entirely.
“Happy Birthday Tony” Steve said looking back at Tony. Tony looked surprised but he smiled. “Thanks Steve, you’re the first to say that, Wonder if anyone else did?” He said looking curious. “I’m honored to be the first” Steve bowed slightly making Tony laugh. “You’re so cheesy, you know that?” Tony said panting from laughing.
Their last super villain showdown was a concoction formed by a lot of villains. A whole potluck of baddies formed an alliance and went all out at different parts of the world, thinning out most of the heroes and the agents from S.H.I.E.L.D.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hey Everyone, Another chapter. Sorry for the wait :) Thanks for all the support. I'm really happy that there are a lot who like the story :) Enjoy
Steve managed a nervous smile as he told her”I’m not much of an expert, I’ve been sketching since I was young, and I do it to relax and to pass the time”
“Steve?” Tony called out to him, his voice carrying such loss and fear.
Tony just raised his hand, “I saw it happening, don’t worry too much” He gave Steve a reassuring smile and set his expression straight as he was about to enter their commanders station. “I must attend to my duties now” he said with certainty. His Rubies straightened at that but Steve looked concerned for some reason.
“I’m glad you find it enjoyable” Thor said with a smile. “Would you mind telling whatever it is that’s bothering you?” Thor politely inquired.
He was finishing up his gift, wrapping it in gold and red wrapping paper when he had the urge to grab a snack, his stomach added to the urge. He finished wrapping adding a bow he got from the store, a red and gold circular bow with a silver center. The wrapping made it look like Tony’s suit all folded up. He smiled at his work and made his way to the elevator.
“Ah! I do not comprehend well with electronics Tony.” Thor said embarrassed” My shift is over, would you like to converse as what we’ve started before?”
“Okay Thor, we’re alone. What’s gotten you so-“ Tony was cut off when he felt his face being cupped by Thor’s big hands and the next thing he knew, he was being kissed.
Tony frowned, “Why should I-“, “Jarvis pull up Steve’s room” Clint cut him off.
Planets that were inhabited were conquered and colonized. Beings from the planet were either eradicated or brought back to Homeworld for research. With each planet conquered, Homeworld produced more advanced technological equipment to further enhance their cause. Weapons, battleships and more powerful gems were produced at a steady rate to ensure their cause would be strong.
“Tony, I’m your best friend right? Or at least still I think I am. Do you how hard it was going through the day without you? Each day I wanted to talk to you but you kept finding ways to completely avoid me?! Then today” Steve sighed running a hand through his golden hair. Tony saw Steve’s eyes were glazing over. “Tasha told me you wanted to talk to me and Clint said he saw you going down the hall and I, I wanted so badly to talk to you but what I saw it-it made me feel” Steve couldn’t complete his sentence.
“Get some more rest Steve, we’ll alert you if anything happens” Bruce said giving Steve a glass of water. Steve drank it it a few gulps not letting go of Atony’s hand.
Nick also decided that the knight was to stay with the team at the Avengers Tower until he can be returned to his own dimension. After arriving at the tower, the knight seemed apprehensive yet cooperative with the new beings he was with. Tony was the one in charge of him or was the one tasked with helping the knight cope with his new surroundings just as he did with Steve.
“I, I don’t have anything to say about that” Tony admitted softly.
He made it to Steve’s floor in less than 5 minutes but was heavily panting. He relaxed a bit as he made his way to Steve’s room. He heard the sounds of sniffling and it tore at his chest. He made such a big man cry. He didn’t realize the effect his drifting away had caused Steve.
“His mind was blank” I, Steve, I’m, Uh, I’M SORRY!” Tony shouted as he slammed the door shut and ran as fast as he can down the hall. A moment later he heard Steve calling out to him but he just ran faster. He knew he could never outrun Steve but he did know his way around the school. He rounded the corner and saw a place to hide; the science lab.
Steve couldn’t resist the urge and he pulled Tony to himself wrapping his own arms around the genius. I’m glad you like it” Steve said while he hugged Tony. He then felt arms envelope around him.
“It was nice”. Tony said excitedly giving Steve a big smile. “Yeah” Steve replied with a shy smile.
He rounded the corner and collided with something hard. He checked if anything was hurting on his face and looked up at what he bumped into; he bumped into Thor.
Natasha was a fiery red headed beauty. Originally from Russia, she came to America to study. A master of martial arts, she is a force to be reckoned with in S.H.I.E.L.D high. She’s also pretty much an equivalent to a she devil when pissed or angered, Tony knew this from experience. She was a safety officer in their school and was part of the student council. She was like a ninja or spy. You never know she’s there until she’s right beside you.
“Wondrous!” Thor said hyped but suddenly he looked as if he was struck with a sudden thought. “Would Captain Steve be arriving later? You two are always together. It’s rare to see you both separated for long.” Thor said in curiosity.
“Want your present?” Steve asked looking shy. “NO WAY! YOU DIDN”T!” Tony asked astounded. Steve just smiled nervously. “It’s too early buuuuuuuuuut okay!” Tony said grinning. “I’ll go and get it then” Steve said getting up to go the elevator.
“Thor, I have to go” Tony said with conviction looking back at Thor. Thor just nodded and Tony made a run for Steve. Pushing past the door he checked which hall Steve went in. He saw Steve walking down the left corridor. His hands were fists at his sides.
“Ah! That’s very sweet of you captain, oh Steve. I’m sure you’ve been racking your brains out thinking, haven’t you?” Wanda smiled up at him and Steve just blushed deeper. “You know Steve what matters is that it comes from your heart, the smallest gift can be just like a dream come true and why it’s special it’s because it comes from you. What makes a difference is the feeling and the thought, for that’s a gift that can’t be bought.” Wanda said in a way that she was almost singing.
Tony smiled at that and hurried off to the parking lot hoping in some way he could forget about today.
Short chapter. Still sorting out future chapter :)
Steve!” Tony shouted as he sat up; it was just a dream. He was panting and holding a hand to his chest. He looked around and he didn’t recognize where he was until he heard the sounds of snoring beside him; it was Thor. Tony sighed in relief as he remembered the events of yesterday. He rubbed a hand to his forehead as he sat up gently as not to rouse Thor (good thing he didn’t wake him when he screamed) and made his way to the bathroom.
Thor looked at him as if he was looking to his soul. “I do”
Thor took a sip of his drink and gave Tony victorious smirk, answering his question.
“I-I’m sorry to have interrupted, I’ll just leave you alone. Steve’s tone was clipped and Tony saw his hands curl into fists. Steve never got angry.
Steve stood there for what seemed like hours. Tony’s words still echoing in his thoughts.
He lightly grabbed Steve’s arm and led him to the makeshift bed.
“I did not know you’d be around the corner. Are you okay?” Thor asked concerned.
“Steeeeeeeeeve! Tony called out as he ran arms wide open towards Steve. Tony jumped and fell on Steve who managed to catch him before they could brutally collide.
“Hey Steve?” Tony called out but another voice called out too.
The rebels had left, all furious eyes turned to Tony and Steve’s direction. Fusion was never before practiced by gems of different classes. It was only limited to a means of getting stronger or as a means of the most intimate thing a gem could do.
“STEVE!” Steve didn’t look back but he didn’t run. He just quickened his pace. Tony wasn’t fast but adrenaline was coursing through him and he closed the gap on Steve. He grabbed Steve’s arm but Steve turned around violently dislodging Tony’s hand. The force made Tony stumble back and ultimately he fell, landing on his ass.
Before he knew it, the last bell had rung. Nothing really happened that warranted his attention but he was the topic of a few in class conversations and he didn’t blow anything up during Science class.
“I foresee the rebels attacking within the day. They knew my presence could be troublesome and seek to either destroy me or capture me. I will act as the main decoy as your forces close in to corner the rebels. They will destroy the physical forms of several gems including 2 of my Ruby guards and myself. They will be cornered once my form is destroyed ,the rebels will be captured thus ending the rebellion” Tony said with certainty.
“Steve? Steve? Steeeeeeve! Earth to Capsickle!. Hey!” Tony jabbed him in the sides bringing him back to reality. “Tony?” Steve asked a bit tipsy. “Phew! I thought I lost you there for a minute.” Tony chuckled. A few moments later the doors opened and Tony stepped out.
Steve comes down and gets a surprise.
Tony saw his world spinning as he looked up. He felt sick and he felt his face was getting wet; he was crying. Tony realized this and rubbed at his eyes in hopes to stop them; they just kept coming. No one else has seen him cry, only Jarvis and Steve but he didn’t care about that right now.
Tony halted, Bruce looked at him concerned.” Steve’s still looking for me and my car is in the lot” Tony said deflating. Bruce thought and offered to distract Steve so Tony could get away.
Clint Barton was one of the schools top athletes and founder of their archery club. He’s very charismatic and friendly and also a bit egotistic at times, something he shares with Tony. He’s proficient when it comes to archery or any long ranged sport; javelin, discus and even carnival games. He said he was brought up in the circus and everyone believed him.
Steve was struck with guilt; he reached out and took Tony in his arms. “I’m sorry, you’re right I’ve been an idiot, you were spending so much time with him, I thought you’d-”, “Forget about you?” Tony finished wrapping his own arms around Steve while Steve tightened his arms around Tony.
Tony thought”I, don’t know. I could’ve done things differently like tell him he’s a man now or whatever but-” Tony said slowly.
Steve stood there for a minute, his cheeks were a bit red from embarrassment and Tony had a slight flush as well.
I’m fine I-“ Steve was cut off when he felt something on his hand; movement. It was barely noticeable at first a small shake of his hand but a few seconds later Tony’s hand started grasping his. The heart monitor was starting to beep faster. Bruce sprang into action calling the other nurses and doctors into the room and instructed Steve to get out of the room for now.
“Ah, I keep forgetting, still. Oh is that your sketch pad? I heard you were a good artist”
Tony was instantly filled with guilt, even on paper Steve sounds so sad. He then felt a familiar wetness on his face; he was crying again. He angrily rubbed at his eyes and shut his locker with a loud thud earning him the concerned stares of those around him.
“Is this ok?” Tony asked as he lay besides Steve. Steve nodded. Tony was cool and Steve was warm their internal temperatures mixed in the most comforting sensation each had never felt before.
“Could you recommend something for someone who’s having a bad day?” Tony suggested giving Thor a small smile.
The last bell rang and as he exited his class someone grabbed his arm and pulled him aside. He was surprised and a little bit terrified but he relaxed when he saw it was Thor.
“So how about food and snacks?” Steve asked looking over to Tony. “Oh! I have that covered” Tony gave him a huge grin. Steve just smiled at that and they fell into a comfortable silence.
She withdrew her hand as if burned but Steve gave her an apologetic smile.
“You were jealous?” Tony asked unsure. Steve looked at him surprised but looked away again. “I guess so” Steve said quietly.
Thor’s room was of a small apartment that had 2 rooms; a bedroom and a bathroom, a small kitchen that was comprised of a microwave, dish rack and a few other kitchen supplies. There was a fridge too, a sofa and a T.V.
He then saw a neatly folded piece of paper where the bag was placed. Tony put down the bag and unfolded it; it was a letter and he knew the hand writing; Steve’s.
“I’m sorry” Tony muttered softly. Thor just smiled at him.
“Steve? There you are I’ve been looking for you everywhere” A British accented voice called out, a moment later a girl with long brown curls and crimson painted lips stood before them.
“Tony? Steve’s gone now” Bruce said from the other side of the door his words being muffled by the door.
“Go rest a bit, I’ll wake you when he wakes up again. “But….” Steve didn’t get to finish when he saw the look Pepper was giving him. It was the “I don’t wanna hear it” look she always gave to Tony. He did feel tired as he sighed and obeyed, heading for the cot he slept on in the room.
Thor smiled at that. Thor held up a mall paper bag, I have football practice later before work would you like to snack before then. Tony looked around nervously and checked his phone. “Let’s go somewhere a bit from here” Tony said leading Thor out of the school. I know a place not far from here. It’s a place where I go to when I want to be alone” he paused “Even Steve doesn’t know of it” Tony said softly.
“And in the end I, I’ve acknowledged that I, like Steve maybe just maybe, I love him.” Tony whispered sadly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is this okay Tony?” Steve said pulling back the sheets to get in as Tony did the same.
“Yes, I do,” Thor said getting up as well. “Do you mind if I spend the night? Steve is probably waiting for me to get home. I’m starting to regret my choice of car color” Tony says giving Thor a nervous grin.
Steve rushed over to where tony stood frozen from ice that formed around his feet. The rain was helping create the ice, as Steve came closer; the air around Tony was freezing. Steve knew he had to find them shelter from the rain. He grabbed Tony by the waist and pried him from the accumulating Ice around his feet. Steve shifted Tony his in arms like he was carrying a bride.
“I apologize; I did not mean to hurt you” Thor sounded regretful. Tony didn’t look up at him.
“Couldn’t sleep Cap?” Tony asked with a hint of concern.
Tony stopped mid sip and slowly looked up. ”Was it that obvious?” Tony asked looking away rubbing his mouth with a napkin from the tray.
Tony’s powers had always been a guiding force in his life as have other Sapphires and to have someone alter the future the way Ruby Steve did, it through him in a loop. His visions have always had a higher chance of happening compared to other gems with his type of ability. At that moment he could see, couldn’t hear, speak or move; he was frozen; literally.
Steve and Peggy were lip locked, Peggy was cupping Steve’s face and Steve was holding her waist. Tony’s world completely stopped and went entirely silent, only the sound of Tony’s breaking heart was heard.
”Na-Natasha?” Tony asked in fear.
These guys are a bit out of character but I tried to incorporate Steve and Tony with Ruby and Sapphire.
It was something that Tony couldn’t believe was happening. The need for air was great and separated but Steve followed up with a few more pecks making Tony laugh. The cat calls and wolf whistles that sounded brought them back to reality. A few students and familiar faces were at the opposite ends of the corridor.
Thor Odinson was a transfer student from Norway. He’s in some the school’s sports club such as American football, track and field and a few others. He’s larger in physique compared to Steve but as others would describe him; he’s a gentle giant. Thor is also the theatrics club at S.H.I.E.L.D high and a few literary clubs as well. He often speaks in a form of very old very Shakespearean way of speaking, like something straight from the book but he’s understandable most of the time. He’s very friendly and clueless at times but he’s a pretty nice guy all in all.
Tony steered clear of Steve and Peggy. He mostly hung around Bruce and helped with his projects and Thor. They never did get to talk about him and Jane but Tony for once didn’t pry. Thor kept his spirits up the way Steve did. He’d make sure Tony was fed and well rested. Tony visited the café’ almost everyday and even brought Bruce there a few times to relax.
Tony was usually with Steve while they had their off days or when there was little to no crime in the day. They’d usually be in Tony’s lab, Steve learning to play his guitar or sketch and Tony was busy tinkering away.
He returned five minutes later to see Tony had fallen asleep on the couch. He smiled to himself, he moved closer to the sleeping genius and he smiled fondly at Tony’s sleeping form. Steve thought he looked harmless and pretty cute when he was asleep, wait! Cute?! Steve shook his head banishing that thought.
Suddenly Clint’s voice was heard in the room.
Steve hoped it was nothing and that Tony’s state had made his thoughts foggy and confused.
He ducked in the nearest vacant room and waited for Steve and Peggy to pass. He felt pathetic.
Softly Steve began to sing,” When somebody loved me, everything was beautiful. Every hour spent together. Lives within my heart”
Steve wasn’t paying attention cause he was thinking about him and Tony and how things between them changed until one of the toys was recalling her memories from her previous owner, a song started to play. At first Steve was curious but as the song played he found himself engrossed cause it reminded him of his and Tony’s situation. The song ended and Steve found himself inches from the TV screen.
“That’s nice, but Steve? Thanks for helping me out with everything and I got two of the best gifts in the world! No! The whole Universe and in existence!” Tony cheered raising a fist in the air. Steve chuckled at that. “I only gave you one gift?” Steve asked pleasantly curious. Tony moved up a bit and gave Steve a soft kiss.
“I love you” Tony said as he buried his face in Steve’s shirt.” I love you too” Steve replied simply.
“I dreamed I lost him, he was scared and I couldn’t get to him until he was gone” Steve recalled his dream holding Tony’s hand.
Tony finds comfort with Thor.
: Young Billionaire (heir at least), playboy philanthropist and overall engineering genius. He is the only child of Maria and Howard Stark well known for their work on philanthropy and engineering.
“It’s fine Tony, I like it, it’s kind of like a night light” Steve smiled placing his hand over Tony’s and removing his hand from the device bringing back the soft light.
“Then talk to him, please. For both of your sakes” Natasha said leaving the room.
Ruby Steve nodded and looked upfront again only to be knocked back as Rhodes and Bucky started to jab at each other. Steve knocked back into Tony. There was a chorus of gasps from those around them.
“Tony! Wait! Nooooo!” Steve said as Tony jumped off the edge of the sky arena and they fell down beneath the clouds.
“I shall be off them, mine shift starts in a few hours but I must be off, Take care Tony” Thor gave Tony one last kiss on the forehead as he walked away, a sad smile on his face.
She is a girl of average height 5’5, bouncy brown hair and is always seen wearing her signature red lip. She is a lover of the earlier periods of American culture. She often opts to wear vintage fashion from the early 20’s.
He looked up the song and each time he heard it he thought more and more of Tony and he he drifted away and left Steve alone. Slowly he realized why he was so affected was because he had fallen in love with Tony. At first when he realized, he was stuck in denial but slowly he began to accept that he fell for Tony and still cares for him even now.
“Whoah Cap, I better get you a warning device or something, bumping into feels like hitting a wall even without your armored uniform.” Tony teased as he recovered from their collision giving Steve a wide grin.
It was a person, clad in medieval armor. The armor was a deep midnight blue and was adorned with stars. The knight slowly stood up and checked his surroundings. Everyone was anxious they prepped for a fight but they relaxed as the knight sheath his sword in a show of peace.
It isn’t appropriate or allowed to have physical contact with two gems who aren’t equal in their social hierarchy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Misunderstandings
Steve waited excitedly as Tony cut open the bottom; he was anxious and eager at the same time. He then slid out what was inside and held it in his hands. For a minute Tony was speechless, he looked at the object in front of him. He opened it and Steve saw his eyes widen.
“S-Steve, I heard you were singing and I-I, was that song about me?” Tony asked as he clung to Steve sounding sad.
He was Sir Steven and was known as Knight America in his own dimension. Everyone was astounded; Captain America had a counterpart in another dimension and almost everyone in the tower bombarded him with questions of their own counterparts, Clint more than others.
“The pile is big enough, why don’t we share. “ Tony said walking over to an obviously flustered Steve.
“That coffee bun looks appetizing too” Tony suggested pointing at the dessert display on the counter. “That big one right there”
His head hit the smooth tile wall, exhaling a deep breath through his slightly parted lips. A flexible man his age, dark in complexion or in features and kneeling on the shower floor, lips wrapped hotly and wetly over Steve’s pulsing length. In his mind’s eye, he watched this imagined figure as his head bobbed up and down, wide-eyed and staring upward to hold Steve’s steady gaze. The imagined man rested his palms on Steve’s thighs, caressing and squeezing until they reached around to the curve of Steve’s ass, pulling closer, and Steve bucked forward into his own hand. The mouth pulled off, licking a hot stripe along the bottom of the length.
Steve propped himself up on one elbow, tracing Tony’s unmoving expression. The reactor cast a feeble light onto the dips and contours of his face and he stared down at it, listening to it hum. Hesitant fingers trailed down to the hem of his shirt and, shockingly, Tony allowed for him to lift the material though his muscles remained taut and pulled tight defensively, ready to slap Steve away.
“With you, Capsicle?”
“Tony,” Steve urged, nudging at Tony’s shoulder. “Tony, stop that.” An uncomfortable dread settled in his chest, pulling tightly at his ribs. His arm slung around the man’s trembling frame and he helped Tony toward him, pulling his head against Steve’s chest. “It’s gonna be okay, alright? W-we’re gonna figure it out, we’ll look at the meds again or-“
“Hey, uh… I’m sure you don’t want to hear this but you know, we really value you as an asset to the team and everyone will be more than happy to know that you’re safe-“
Steve nodded in understanding, thinking nothing of the request. His eyes scanned the room, finding where he had thoughtlessly placed the paper bag by the elevator doors. He gathered the large pill bottle in his hand and crumpled the bag, discarding it into that black hole with the broken mug. He went to fill a cup, but was interrupted.
Steve felt his jaw lock and almost in absence of his will, he felt himself begin to move toward the man. he fixed his arms on both Tony’s shoulders and spun him around, crouching to stare him dead in the eyes. An expression of fear, then that shock was easily masked by a cheesy Cheshire grin that was slightly too off kilter to convince.
for god’s sake. Still, Steve had clung onto the hope that he would witness at least the slightest shred of human decency within tragedy. Instead, he was greeted with the sight of reporters and cameras, shuffling about near to the hospital doors like buzzing mosquitos or a dumb-faced school of carnivorous fish. They didn’t have to be told that the rumbling vehicle pulling into the parking lot was Steve Rogers. As if customers at the gates on a Black Friday, they tripped over themselves, struggling to block Steve’s path. Steve prayed silently in thanks that God had given him strength not to speed up when a woman lunged in front of his tires.
Steve sat down on the bed- because Tony was sick. If Tony weren’t sick, he would have left. He would have. Tony seemed contented with the decision and released him, shuffling until he lay writhing uncomfortably on the duvet.
“Then,” Steve began slowly, words seeming to catch in his throat as if to say,
, waiting and begging for attention.
“There’s shrapnel in my chest.” A quiet confession. “That suffice?”
“Why, then?” Tony’s fingers clenched and unclenched randomly on Steve’s thigh, as if struggling to find something to hold him steady. Steve filled it with his own hand, fingers interlocking- because Tony was sick. If he weren't sick, Steve wouldn’t have rubbed the pad of his thumb soothingly over the back of Tony’s palm in easy and calming strokes. He wouldn’t have.
“I-I made daddy cry,” he lamented shamefully, sniffling. “Daddy started yelling at me to st-stop but I-I didn’t know how.”
“I-I think so.”
Steve gulped and averted his eyes immediately, clearly uncomfortable. His gaze retracted upward and-
“Yourself.”
“Jesus, Steve, j-just-“
Tony scoffed. “You’ve seen I don’t care much about him.”
“It’s not,” Steve insisted quietly, gazing intently at him. “It’s not okay, Tony- and that’s fine. You… you don’t have to be okay.”
“You don’t,” Tony countered bitterly. “So far as I know, our beloved patriot was never a tortured POW.”
“Well, I’m cold now.” Tony pulled in a shiver through his teeth, turning his face away.
“Still trying to get me out of my undies, Cap? Y-you can just ask, you know,” he mused. Steve huffed and shook his head in disapproval, ignoring the comment.
“What truth?” Tony challenged, his once carefree and amused expression overshadowing with the same closed off guard that Steve had seen so often. “So that you can thrust another shield through my chest and leave me to die in Siberia?” Tony growled and
“This isn’t a good idea.” Steve lamented, ignoring what Tony had said. Yes, he’d promised that he wouldn’t leave Tony- but wasn't this just a bit much? Despite the ridiculous situation, he zipped up his own jacket and put an arm on Tony’s shoulder to guide him to the elevator.
omewhere, his mother spoke.
“Tony?”
“Stay,” the smaller begged, clinging to his arm with what little strength he could muster. “I can’t… c-can’t be alone, Steve,” he mumbled almost incoherently. Steve wondered idly how much it pained Tony to let anyone see him in such a way.
“Kinky.”
“Stay,” again, feebly pulling now at Steve’s sleeve. “Don’t leave me.”
“Tony,” Steve said, “I can get you more layers, you don’t have to bring a blanket with you.”
“What’s happened?”
“Y’see, doubting Thomas? Have you had enough now?” The words were enough to make Steve visibly flinch. They were hurt. They were pained.
“Tony!” Steve exclaimed in exasperation, flopping down on the king-sized bed. “I am
Tony was one of those people- at least, he had thought. His behaviour had always been erratic and lively but also had carried with it the effects of alcohol on his system. The bags under his eyes would weigh down and shadow, he would try to hide the nausea that he experienced each morning. It was obvious to Steve that Tony was an alcoholic, in his mind. He had never been surprised to report that Tony had been acting dazed and sickly during missions or to see the tabloids reading of another wild party that Stark had attended.
“No,” Steve breathed, gaze never leaving the scarred skin. “It’s human. It’s beautiful.”
“Uh,” Steve began, cursing himself for his weak, uncertain responses once again. “I, uh, think I kind of want to sleep in my own bed. Well, not my own, but- you get it, right?” He tried not to visibly wince at the other man’s deflated expression. It was at that moment that he realized that it wasn’t weird. No, Tony didn’t mean it to be weird. “Tony… why do you want me to stay? I-I need to hear it.”
Steve briefly considered leaning in, pressing their bodies together just to see what the result would be. It was almost as if Tony’s familiar aroma intoxicated him and though it remained a tempting gesture, he still felt an uneasy prickle where Tony had touched just above his collarbone. Steve flinched away. Tony cleared his throat.
So Steve did.
“Well, you can’t blame them- you know, since Captain America is the pride and joy of the American people and all of its values-“
“Yes.”
“We don’t need help.”
“If you must know, my health is in a relative decline due to the injuries we suffered today at the hands of our friendly neighbourhood sentient toaster.” Silence. “I’ll be fine enough to fight tomorrow so don’t worry your pretty blonde head.”
Tony laughed at that. “What? W-what am I afraid of? Chemical imbalance? Pharmaceuticals?”
“Scared of me?” Peter croaked out, voice small and fearful, as if he were afraid of the answer.
Steve felt his breath hitch and he looked down to his feet, ashamed. Tony had apologized once he realized that Bucky had been framed- so when had Steve apologized? When was it his turn to take some blame?
There he was, in trademark sunglasses which tinted the bags beneath his eyes in a red tinge. His goatee was overgrown and scruffy, slightly covered by the hood over his head. His chin was positioned slightly to the ground, clearly an effort to avoid the pictures being snapped of him. Steve knew that Tony was used to such treatment, but it still caused an uncomfortable nausea to churn inside him.
“Gross.” Tony’s voice was hardly a murmur. Steve’s heart dropped in sorrow. Then, a grin. It grew over Tony’s face- different from any other proud and cocky expression he’d worn before. “Do it again.”
The inevitable bath scene.
“I’d go with something that has some acetaminophen or ibuprofen in it. I’ll just take you over here to get something…” The young teen gestured for the two to follow her and began to rifle among the shelves, chattering away and filling Steve’s shopping basket with multiple items. She laid a bottle of syrup in the hand basket before excusing herself, promising that she would be back as soon as possible. Steve watched as she disappeared behind the counter and began to type something into the computer, hopefully searching for a medication that would clear away the sickness, or at least help.
“I could get up,” Tony reasoned, shrugging. “Or you could use those biceps and carry me.”
After he’d towelled and stepped into fresh clothes, he slipped out and went for a
pure Captain America?”
Tony was on his feet before he could register, pacing away from the bed and clasping his hands behind his head.
———————————————————————-
“Tony?” Steve called after him, breaking his spiralling thoughts. He turned to see that Peter’s cries had stopped and instead, Peter had stilled almost completely. A completely heartbroken expression enveloped his features, staring after Tony, his father abandoning him when he needed him the most.
No response. Blink, blink.
“I still believe that I did the right thing in the end,” Steve continued hesitantly, trying not to notice the grimace that crossed Tony’s face for barely a millisecond. “I used to think that the ends justified the means; now I see that I was so wrong.” Steve could feel something in him slip, something inside of his head begin to pound at his forehead- it was a grief that he could not seem to satisfy, that he had pushed down for the years that he spent in Wakanda and that sprouted up like weeds between a cracked and aged mind. “So wrong. And that’s why I never expect you to forgive me.”
It took Steve four miles before he allowed himself to truly breathe, the pounding of blood in his ears dying down enough that he could finally hear the steady hum of traffic.
“Well, when daddy was little, his daddy didn’t love him very much. His daddy… his daddy would be very mean to him and would even hurt him sometimes.” Steve said cautiously, weighing each word carefully. “So… when he first became your daddy, he was very scared.”
Tony was perched on the edge of the bed, one leg crossed underneath him in a position that would be far too awkward for Steve to stand himself. He was stripped down to a white t-shirt and floral print boxers which Steve would have teased him for in any other circumstance. It had been a little more than difficult to put the shirt on, given the injuries, and to sling the cast back into place. Tony seemed immune to the pain throughout anyhow.
“Astute observation; you’re a clever one.”
“Sometimes, he doesn’t know that, though.” Steve explained, chewing hard on his lip again. “You know how you have those meltdowns and you get really overwhelmed? That’s what happens to daddy too, but a little bit different. So right now, he’s feeling really…” Steve sighed, looking away dejectedly from his son as he spoke. “He’s very scared right now. He’s scared that he’s a bad daddy.”
Steve angled his face downward once more as Tony bumped into him, swaying their bodies together comically. Once the smaller man had sensed the quiet in the space between them, he seemed to settle himself, mulling over the information in his own mind. He retracted from Steve to give the man comfortable distance. They remained this way for a few passing moments. Even though the space made Steve’s breaths come easier (why that was so, he wasn’t sure), he still felt some agitation stirring within him as he felt the tremors beginning to come back to Tony’s bones. The man was falling from a high, that was certain- and it bothered Steve to no end that he couldn’t do anything to help.
Quite honestly, it would be the first time that he had showered in quite a while. He had full intention to clean up until he received the distressing phone call and simply had been too preoccupied to do so. Finally, it felt like. Finally he could roll his shoulders away from his ears- stretch this way and that until the sore muscles eased beneath the warmth. His eyes fell closed, at first in an expression of relaxation, until he realized that the heat had done nothing to calm his racing hormones. When he looked down to his feet, his dick was just
“Nah,” Tony decided, face angled to the floor now. “I don’t wanna talk about it.” Faded colour. Steve wanted desperately to press, but the closed expression on the other’s face indicated that he wouldn't get far, even taking into consideration the pain written across there.
“I’m not doing that.”
“That’s stupid of you,” he said weakly, simply. Steve smiled gently and reached out again. Silence.
Steve sprayed on the local anesthetic in from small clear bottle, waited… then,
“What… what was that?” Tony breathed, swallowing hard. His throat strained and bobbed. Steve wanted to kiss it.
“Jesus-“ he exclaimed shortly, tripping over something on the floor. “Why’re you sitting in the dark?”
Steve’s chest ached and only then did he remember to breathe. He struggled not to feel hurt. A moment’s quiet and then he nodded again. Once more, just to feel that his head was still there, heavy.
Steve barely heard himself mutter a thanks before the nurse had hurried away with a clipboard in hand. For a moment, he allowed his gaze to continue resting upon the almost-peaceful figure on the hospital bed, hands shoved deep into his pockets almost protectively. Then, in an effort to calm himself, he sucked in a deep breath, retracting his stare to survey the room. At least it was a nice room- well, of course it was. This was Tony Stark, Iron Man, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. Of course, the walls were still a sold and dismal white, an all-too-familiar buzz from the fluorescent lights beating down on the two of them. But still, in the corner sat two chairs and a small table with a plant upon it, a game of chess and a deck of cards set neatly on top of it. Steve strode to the chair and pushed it to the side of Tony’s bed, allowing enough space to keep Tony feeling at ease.
Silence.
“Don’t you get it, Rogers? Y-you think I spent all those months hanging my face over the toilet in between missions b-because of a perpetual hangover?” He challenged, gaze filled with some manic desperation.
“I figure you’re more of a black guy than a white.”
“What… what does it do, Tony?”
“If you didn’t want me to come in, couldn’t you have just told Jarvis to keep me out?”
right now, capishe? So scoot and go pity me somewhere else.”
“Daddy probably just went to lie down for a bit,” Steve assumed, knowing that it was a lie. Tony was likely curled up somewhere, shuddering as he was caught in a panic attack. Despite knowing this, Steve couldn’t bring himself to look for Tony for fear of upsetting Peter again.
Tony released a stubborn puff of breath and rolled onto his back, staring blankly at the old farmhouse ceiling. Steve somewhat expected Tony to shove off the covers and stalk angrily from the room, but instead he lay still; unmoving, unspeaking.
Steve wanted to swat away Tony’s hand, to frown at the change in character. The guard was up once again- fragile, but Tony was trying to close himself off. Instead, he fed into it. “Figure what out?” Bare feet navigated the cold flooring, rounding the couch and finally slowing once they had reached the bedroom. All was dark, save for the flickering lights of New York City illuminating the windowpane and the steady, pale glow of the arc reactor. Steve set the other down on the bed, somewhat grateful for the lack of visibility so that he wouldn’t have to see Tony’s state, his pale face, his wincing even when Steve tried his hardest to make his movements as smooth as possible.
“I-I-I-“ Tony attempted, shuddering breath interrupting the train of thought. His palm was weak and sweaty in Steve’s. His grip tightened and he tried again. “I can’t do this.”
“Tony-“
In the near-century that Steve had lived, he had never experienced
“Sorry,” Tony mumbled tearily, shaking his head and sniffling. He swiped his good wrist across his cheeks, raising his head up and pulling away slightly. “D-don’t know what the hell that was. All’s fine and dandy, cap.” It was clear that nothing was fine or dandy. Despite his feigned smile of confidence, his lips quivered and his eyes still brimmed red and teary.
