"Tony, Tony, look at this!" Peter said, finally getting bored with the adults talking and ignoring him and finally decided to butt in, which was cute, as Tony chuckle and turn his sight to the boy, only to see a cute chocolate brown bear with a red bow tied around its neck, Tony's lips twitched up before he gave the bear a kiss on the nose, which made Peter gasp in betrayal, followed a small throaty laugh that Steve let.
So what do you think?
"Of course, anything you want,
That what was written, that was what made his blood run cold, what made him nearly throw up, that was what made his jump from his place and run out of the room toward Peggy, what made him ride his bike and move on top speed. He didn't know how many laws he broke after he reached Shield HQ, but he was sure he nearly causes a few road accidents. Steve didn't care, after leaving his bike he ran to Peggy's office like the hounds of hell after him, he ignores Natasha and Clint, he pushed Fury out of the way, he nearly throws Coulson down the stairs for God's sake!
Hearing his mother's voice made Steve give a big smile, it had been so long since he last talked with his mother; ever since she died from TB when he was sixteen, looking as beautiful as a bride on her wedding night, in her black clothes and black coffin. Steve made sure to talk with his mother every day via crystal balls and Ouija boards, though it had been years since he last was able to talk with his mother. After he enlisted in the army, she stopped hunting him which was a shame. For he loved it when she used to scare Bucky every day or that one time when she gave George Barnes a heart attack for daring to raise his hand on Winnie. He really missed his mother. "Hi, Ma, it's me." Steve heard his mother coo, making Steve all warm on the inside, a feeling that he never felt in a long time now.
"Not against Thanos… I can't risk all of Midgard against Thanos… if I don't leave, Peter would get hurt Tony, do you want that?" Steve saw the moment that Tony broke, he saw the moment that pain and realization crossed Tony's face and Steve… Steve never hated himself as much as he did at this moment.
The rain continues to fall, pattering softly through the trees and disturbing the usually still surface of the lake as they walk down to the house in a few short steps. Tony can see how Rhodey and Pepper cast a brief glance around the front yard, the fire pit that is slowly filling with ashy water, and the private beach leading down to the lake. The water lapping at the shore is churned up and muddy, and there are deep gouges in the dirt that wasn't there earlier. Tony pointedly ignores the trampled, mud-streaked grass; climbing the steps to the porch, sheltering from the rain while his friends followed.
Steve though, looked up at him and gave a small smile, which made the Omega flush a little but returned the smile, the Omega then walked to his bed and sat on it, looking at the Alpha that was cooing to the cat, he bites his lower lip in thoughts. "Was that a date?" Tony asked in a small voice after getting the courage to do, he saw Steve blink and gaze at him and his heart dropped a little thinking that he misread the situation, when he was about to apologize Steve looked at him with a small smile.
"I was not cheating!" Tony snapped as he followed Steve to the living room, ignoring the snarl Steve let out when he saw his stupid husband following him and refusing to let him collect himself. "I told you nothing happened! Pepper just kissed me that is all! It was one fucking time and I pushed her away! Why won't you fucking listen?!" Tony tried to stop Steve from walking away by holding his right hand once more, only to get an angry growl and a harsh slap on the hand.
The twin familiar giggles, made Anton blink his eyes, snapping out of his intense concentration on not thinking about foolish Omegas going to swim in this kind of cold; turning his gaze from the metal he was working on, Anton located from where the giggling was coming from, making him smile when he heard his son whispering behind the door. "Shhh! He will see us, we have to sneak quietly!" Petrus whisper (Or what he thought was a whisper, because to Anton it was a shout) made Anton's lips twitch up in a conspiring plot, turning his head back to the metal and gave his back to the door, gazing from the corner of his eyes to see what the two brats were going to come.
"It must have been the kids..." Tony said weakly which made the woman purse her lips and clenched her hands into fists, and Tony hummed as he went to the bedroom on the first floor, whoever had wreaked havoc in the rest of the cabin had not forgotten this room either. The mattress had been dragged from the bed and eviscerated, padding and metal springs trailing across the floor. The bedside table and wardrobe had been crushed. The bed frame, a sturdy double, made with thick lengths of pine, has been snapped in two across the center; it sagged in the center of the room like a broken bridge.
Steven hummed, eyes going distant, a small pained smile took over his face before returning his attention to Loki. "My husband was the one who stopped me, the only one who will be able to do that, those who tried were injured, and those on the other side were killed… not even those who used magic to pass as my husband survived." Steven said while giving a pointed look toward Loki like he already knows that this was Loki's intention.
There was not much that he remembered from his birth/creation, the only thing he remembered was the feeling of his atoms being pulled and then squeezed tightly together followed by a huge exploding, as a cloud of dust from various colors surrounded him, the first time he opened his eyes… or well what equalize as his eyes because he was a… soul, spirit whatever the hell he was… anyway, the first time he opens his eyes, he ends up gasping at what he saw, because in front of him was the most beautiful sight… the universe… later that day (He learned later it was a year in his time) he met another star, she, he knows she was a she, he knows that just like he knows he was a… well, he… that star looked at him and then took him under her wing/cloud/rings? But she cared for him and taught him many things, about his origin and how once he was a soul that roamed the realms until his death and rebirth as a star, and what a star she said 'A star that can create passages between the universe.' he was special she always reminds him of that even if he wasn't a normal star like her and like the rest, she also goes by the name Saraious, but he always gets tired by trying to say the name right, so in the end, he started calling her by 'Sara' he doesn't know from where that name came from, it was a short version of her name sure, but he knows that for him it was special, and he can't think of anyone deserving that name other than her, which made Sara proud and except being called by that name, by him only.
"Do you have a family, Tony? A wife?" The woman asked once again which made Tony blink at that wondering why the woman will ask something like that and why did she sound as if she was choking on something, and it kind of made Tony tense a little but he tried to calm himself down and turn to the woman, watching her for her reaction.
Tony pressed his lips tightly, gazing at his phone screen with a completive look on his face, his eyes tracing the ten digits he knows by heart wondering if he really should call the person on the other line, as much as he didn’t want to, as much as he wanted to stay angry with that person, his meeting with Sarah early that week opened his eyes in a way, the conversation he had with Steve months ago made him realize, that all of this, was partly his fault as much as it was his father; after talking with Sarah Tony start thinking, that any day now he will wake up feeling that he could finally forgive his father, only to discover in the end that it was too late, that if only Tony let go of his resentment and pain he could have made things right again. Tony took a deep breath and opened his eyes, finally gathering the courage to press the call button.
A child shouldn't carry the sins of his Sire, no matter what people say, a child is nothing but an innocent soul that should not be thrust in a violent world. "Why look! It is the king's whore!" Someone laughed behind Steven, which made the Omega growl at that and whirl around to see the caller, taking a dark pleasure when the men flinch at the Omega's murderous look.
"So you are staying?" The woman asked getting a nod from Tony, making the woman hum at that and look at her phone. "My husband is coming to help you tomorrow, with the repairs and moving things… you shouldn't lift heavy objects while being pregnant." The woman said sending a pointed look toward the young man, making the teen flush at that and nods his head a little at that.
"Then let's cut to the chess, tell me, what the hell do you want me to do?" Tony asked, already closing his eyes, wondering how huge his headache was going to be when he made his escape from this hellhole, Steve was probably going to bother him when he returns home. Curse Fury, curse S.H.I.E.L.D., curse the world and every stupid person in it, why him? Why? Wouldn't it be easier if Rogers wasn't an Addams or if Bucky managed to catch his attention? It was all Tony's rotten luck and his knack for getting in trouble. Seriously, what did Tony do in his past life to gain such torture? Stealing a grain of rice from a witch?
26-Ég man ekki eftir að hafa sagt það, Þór. -I do not remember saying that, Thor.
Gamora told him that Asgard wouldn't stand a chance against Thanos any longer, that in a day or two, Asgard would be wiped completely from this realm; Thor seemed to know that, as well as his mother, which was why they came in contact with the guardians, in hope of the guardians being able to extract Steve from Midgard and hide him away. The two of them took that risky plan in hope of Thanos leaving Midgard alone after learning that the Ancient One was no longer in this realm, it would also give Midgard three months to prepare to evacuate earth if something went wrong.
These words made the breath rush out of Tony's chest, fear and terror gripping his heart at the thought that Steve was hurt, it made Tony sit up with a rush, gazing around the place he was in; fear and confusion took over him when he saw that he was all alone in a strange place, where everywhere you looked there was nothing but white.
When they invaded the Hydra kingdom, they were all instructed to burn the kingdom to the ground, take no survivors, the king had said with dark eyes full of hate and revenge mirrored by every one of them, and they did, they killed everyone in the capital, leaving no old, young, and babes, all were mercilessly slaughtered… and this was not the first time either, they destroyed a lot of allies that stood with the Hydra kingdom, and all of the order was the same, no survivors, no hostages, no slaves, only gold and riches.
Steve and Tony seemed to get along?
Steve sighed as he continued his walk through the supermarket, frowning as he put a few things in his cart before continued his way. It was so stupid, it was so insane, and Steve in all of this was hurt; part of Steve couldn't help but think that this is it, that Tony will finally say enough is enough and leave Steve. It did nothing but cause Steve to panic every night, wondering what would he do when Tony left, wondering what would he tell his daughter when she asked about her father and why he doesn't want them, Steve wondered how he would overcome the heartache that would refuse to let him go. The only thing that Steve was thankful about was that Tony, even with their seven years of being together, never once gave him his bonding mark, even after three years of marriage; the only silver lining here is that Steve won't suffer the bonding sickness when Tony decided to leave.
Howard only smiled, tears shining in the older man's eyes; Tony didn't mention it to his father, just as his father didn't mention his teary eyes. The music started, causing them to blink and both of them gave a chuckle. "Are you ready?" Howard asked, offering Tony his arm, gaining a joyful smile from Tony.
So knowing that by the end of the day her grandson and possibly son are going to be drained from interacting with Omegas, she made sure to keep her eyes on the two of them. At first, when the two of them arrived late, she was just happy to see them she hugged her grandson tightly, and then her son, when she let go, to ask Peter if he wanted anything, the pup wasn't there which nearly made her have a panic attack, that was until she saw the pup hugging Tony who was standing in his corner away from the party, and she had to hold her jaw from falling on the floor, so when her son went to collect his pup away from Tony, she made sure to follow him and keep an eye on the Omega.
"Oh… hey, Mama…" Peter laughed nervously, an innocent smile on his face while gazing at Tony with wide puppy-dog eyes, hoping that Tony would give in and let him continue wasting his time; Tony only raised his eyebrow, his lips twitching down when he saw how rumbled Peter's clothes were, they were so messy that Tony wondered if the shirt Peter was wearing was the same one that Tony spent his morning cleaning and ironing.
"If you don't mind, can you bring me a flute of
"Warm…" The pup said making Steve hum at that and kiss his head gently, covering the pup with the blanket which made the pup purr happily at the warmth.
"This weather? Do not insult me, foolish king, I may have lived in the south, but before that, I lived in Asgard, and weather like this is just springtime there… too warm to handle." The Omega complained, twisting his hair around until a small ball formed on top of the Omega's head; Anton though could only twitch, too warm? What kind of crazy place was Asgard that weather like this is considered warm? Well, at least it would explain why Thor always drops on the side of the roads and complaining about dying and going to Valhalla in the summertime.
"Then what to do?" Tony finally dared to ask after a while of silence as he held his son tightly taking the strength from the pup that way lying in his arms in deep slumber dreaming about whatever children his age are dreaming, the scent of a content and a happy pup which put Tony at ease.
"You are awake? You are awake, oh my God! You are awake…" Tony's voice cracks as he realized that this dream was a reality, that his Steve was awake, that his love was here with him and this beautiful dream was real; not something his tired mind cooked up because he was desperate to have his mate back once more.
"You know, that scene looks familiar in a way, doesn't it?" A tired voice stated behind him, causing Howard to blink and turn his eyes to Jarvis who was gazing at Tony who was holding Steve's hand, crying and begging the Omega to stay. "Only that time, the person lying on the bed was alone, no one there to hold their hand and be their lifeline." Jarvis stated, the tiredness making his British accent show up.
His daughter will always come first, even if he ended up burning the world to keep her safe. His daughter was his to protect, and love, and cherish, even if she wasn't his. Morgan was his and his alone, and Tony won't let anyone, not even the monster in the lake take her away from him…
"Oh, that… I forget about it. I am sure Steve is a nice person, maybe he married Bucky and forget about the deal, don't worry… holy shit, Tony!" Tony was done when he heard Howard's bullshit; he just took the vase throw it at Howard with a battle cry, ignoring the shriek both of his parents let out when Tony dove for the kill. He was done, Tony was so, so done; he was going to end this for once and for all! Screw his parents for selling him, and screw him for hoping that they felt something when they abandon him, they were the same as they were when he was a child, it was true that his only parents and family were the Jarvis and the Carters families.
"Belong to us?" Peter asked after a little pause, his eyes wide eyes becoming bright at the thought of Tony being theirs, something that Steve caught, and he had to hide his smile because it seems that his son has a possessive strike like him.
"Steve Rogers?" someone asked, causing Steve to blink and turn his head to the person who called him, giving them a confused smile to the man behind him, he doesn't know him nor the man seemed like he was working in the hospital. "Hail Hydra!" Before Steve can make any sense of what he heard, he let out a pained gasp when he felt pain ripping through his body, causing him to freeze. Scream can be heard around him as the man fell on the floor, followed by Steve, who slid down to the floor; his body couldn't hold him anymore.
"What is it, baby? What are you seeing?" Tony mumbled, turning to gaze at the lake, his grip on his daughter tightened as he saw that no one was there, which made Tony's tense muscle relax and turn to his Morgan who was pouting a storm. "See, sweetheart, no one." Tony hummed as he kissed his baby on her forehead, his lips twitching into a huge smile at the pout that dominated his baby's face. "What do you think about going to Angie? I am sure she would give you a tasty treat if we went now." Tony smiled, trying to shake the unease he starts feeling the second he turned his back to the lake.
"You feel so good, Tony; so fucking good." Steve looked down at his lover as he spoke, leaning down to steal a kiss. "I love feeling you so deep inside me, filling me up. You're the only Alpha who could drive me wild like this, who could take me like this. Your knot is the only knot I need, and I need it,
"What's going to happen after I finish the therapy, will everything heals back, and I will miraculously recover?" Tony asked he hated how the Alpha talked like everything was going to be sunshine and rainbow if he went to therapy.
"Do you have to?" Steve asked the Alpha as he helped him pack his bag, Steve tried to make his voice emit calmness because he could clearly see that his Alpha was on edge, the only thing that stopped his lover from ripping his hair, was because he was running around the room collecting the gadgets he needed for his presentation.
"Oh shut up, don't you realize that we have someone who never saw a movie in his life with us? Do you want a repeat of what Thor did when his first movie was 'Mama'?" Tony questioned, causing everyone to flinch at the reminder of how Thor nearly destroyed the Avengers' tower the first time they watched that movie together.
The knock on the door made Tony tense a little before forcing his muscle to relax; it was silly of him, thinking that Rogers would knock on the door when he can show into the living room. Standing on his shaky legs, Tony took a deep breath as he turned his sight on the clock, raising his eyebrow in shock when he realized that he spent the past three hours huddling behind the front door. It was probably Peggy or Bucky, the two of them must have known that Rogers was finally back and that's why they came knocking on his door, or maybe it was Angie with more food and cakes, she was probably here to plan Morgan's birthday with him.
The hope Bucky saw in Tony's eyes made him swallow and get his phone out, he had taken a few pictures of the pup sending them to his family, telling them about him finally finding their Stevie which made his family go into uproar nearly driving to Steve's house to see him if Bucky didn't calm them down. "Here, that's him." Bucky said as he handed the phone, it was on a picture of Steve holding the pup to his chest, both of them smiling a little at the camera. "His name…" Tony's choked gasp made Bucky stop and look at the Alpha's whose breath was hitching.
He wants it all to end; he was tired of his friends continuing to beg him to get help to save himself before it was too late. He was tired of Clint always coming to his house, begging him to get out of the lab, begging him to go out with him. He was tired of Winnie always coming to his house, mainly to clean it and leave him some food hoping that he will at least eat something before he works himself to death. He was tired of Betty and her mate, offering him help whenever they saw him walking down the street. He was tired of looking at Pepper and seeing the things that he will never have, tired of wanting to hold a child in his arms.
It was after finishing dinner that he heard it, the squeak followed by the sound of breaking glass, making Tony freeze for a second before rushing out of the kitchen to see what was going on, hoping that Peter and Harley were OK and that nothing bad happened. Reaching the living room, Tony relax when he saw that the kids were fine, but what made him tense once more was the way Harley holding himself; shaking in his place on the verge of tears, looking down, Tony discovered the reason to be the glass of water that was smashed not a that far away from Harley.
"Oh, he took me to the hospital… My shoulder was broken and I had a concussion, but I lived… and he paid for my stay at the hospital. You should have seen him, baby, he was panicking and running around every time I let out a gasp." That got a giggle from the child; the thought of Iron Man panicking and running around the place was too funny! Peter was going to glare at Mr. Stark though; no one hurt his mother without getting his shin kicked! "But we became best friends after that." Steve nodded his head at those words, and Tony wished for the ground to open and swallow him whole after this embarrassing conversation, but he did give a happy smile when he heard the laughter and giggles coming from his little family.
"Don't you dare listen to them Stark!" Steve suddenly screamed which made everyone's eyes widen at that, especially Tony whose heart nearly stopped when he saw the man beside Steve snarl and put the gun at his temple while giving him a threatening look as he pulled his hair harshly. "You do this and everything will be over between us!" Steve suddenly freed his arms from behind him and jumped at the Rumlow, the two of them rolled outside of the camera's view… It was chaos with Peter's terror-filled screams as he called for Steve as the Omega fought the man, it was only a few minutes later that they heard a gun firing and then… silence…
"He is going to kill Howard." Natasha said as she took the envelope and read what was written on it, which made everyone look at Natasha who stood up and looked at the team with a grime face.
"They are; as much as tiresome being around two energetic kids, I wouldn't change it." Sam mutters as he fell in line with Tony, stopping every now and then to put something in his basket. "It has been years since then…" Sam offered a small smile, which made Tony purse his lips at the harsh reminder but he ended up giving the Beta a nod.
That was seven hours ago, and all the happiness that Steve felt in that time vanish, especially after the clock hit eleven and no sight of Tony yet, making the blond let out a tired sigh as he looked at the cold dinner with a sad look, taking everything in, he has made sure to make Tony's favorite, hoping to break the happy news to him with a pleasant dinner, but it seems that the brunet won't even come home tonight.
"Hello?" Tony had answered with a shaky voice full of hope, two months had passed after all and the hope of him finding his son was stronger than he could imagine.
The Omega tilted his head at that and gave Tony a long look, and then a sad smile took over his face. "I never wanted you to be anyone but yourself, Anthony… please come back…" Steve said as he leans down to kiss the mask where the place of the mouth should be.
The Omega took a shaky breath before saying fuck it when he saw a tear slip down the Alpha cheek which made the Omega rush toward the man while trying to be quiet lest he scared him. "James, do you hear me?" Steve asked which made the Alpha flinch at that and curl around himself tightly while trying to cover his ears. "James?" Steve lowered his voice as he places his hand on the man's shoulder gently, knowing that if Sam was here he would have snapped at Steve for being an idiot and touching a vet that was in one of his panic attack which would have given Steve a broken nose if James was violent.
"Them… half of them in prison and the other half are under witness protection…" Jarvis looked at Steve with confused which made the Alpha sigh and grumble to himself. "While we were doing background checks, we found that two of the staff, a doctor and a nurse were working under Stane, the rest... half of them were Hydra's sleeping agents, the other half, were doctors whose families were held, hostages. It seems that Hydra thought that Tony must have heard something while he was in captivity, something big. That's why they were trying to get rid of him, by forcing him to go into a heat that his weak body wouldn't handle." Steve had to swallow his growls at that thought, but the dark look on Jarvis's face made Steve sigh trying to calm himself and the Beta least the woke up the small family that was sleeping. "The doctors whose families were kidnapped, we were able to recover their kidnapped families and gave them new IDs and papers. Now Shield is doing a background check on every persona that worked in the hospital and the clinic." Steve finished making Jarvis sigh and shook his head at that looking at Tony with worried eyes.
Dr. Cho paused as she saw the glare on the teen's face when his eyes fell on his tummy, she contain her dishearten sigh at that, of course, a teenager coming to the Omega clinic, unplanned pregnancy, and it would end with abortion, he probably doesn't even have an Alpha.
By this point Steve had had enough, as he marched to Tony's room with his pillow and blanket in one hand, Goose was trailing behind him purring at the thought of finally having an uninterrupted nap like in this past three days. Reaching Tony's room Steve took a deep breath as he tried to gather all of his courage as he knocked on the door waiting for Tony to open the door as this was not bedtime for both Tony and the pup.
The group was clearly on a level above the men and women who had been holding them hostage. Their armors were of clear silver aside the steel, and each had a different intimidating level to them, true warriors, Steven couldn't help but think. The first one was a man with short blond hair that carried an interesting bow seemingly made of bones and adorned with countless runes, and Steven had to smile when everyone gasped when they smelled the scent of an Omega coming from him. Steven was sure that everyone was used to seeing Omegas being delicate things, meant to be seen and not heard, not warriors who bathe in blood and are strong enough to server heads from enemies and way less being able to stand on equal ground with other Alphas and Betas at a higher spot on whatever hierarchy the Vikings possessed if only those ignorant fools knew that Omegas can also be leaders of their own tribes when it came to his people.
"Overreact? Me? Of course, you would blame me for your mistakes! The only reason for me 'Overreacting' is because you are absent all the time! You are never here when I need you; always off to do something or another while ignoring that you have a very pregnant Omega at home who needs you. The only reason I am overreacting is that my absent husband is finally making time for me, and it turned out, it was because he felt guilty for cheating on me! How wouldn't I overreact?!" Steve screamed, his hands itching to get a hold of anything and throw it at Tony, maybe then the Alpha would get back to his sense and apologies for being an unfaithful piece of shit.
Tomorrow morning at eight, Steve sighed as he dressed Peter, ignoring the pup's fussing about the face mask, as usual, Steve really didn't fault the pup, after all, he knows how hard it is for Peter to always put on the face mask and gloves and treat the whole world like it was going to kill him any second, Steve knows that him treating Peter like that will maybe hurt the pup, but Steve can't lose him, he can't risk it, not after the pup getting an infection that nearly took his life away, he still remembers how they stayed in the hospital for three weeks just so that the pup will recover, he remembered holding his baby's hand in his and praying that his love will be fine, that any minute now he will open his eyes, and in the end Peter did, his baby beat the infection… but for how long? How long does Steve have before another infection appears?
"I know, darling, I miss him too," Steve whispered, giving him another kiss on the cheek before he brought a forkful of eggs toward Tony. "Just two more weeks and the two of us can have Peter in our arms; I am sure that Peter will end up begging us to return to Italy from how much we are going to spoil him," Steve stated causing Tony to giggle knowing that Steve's words were true. Leaning up to kiss his husband on his neck Tony smiled at the thought of going back home…
The next day when Tony finally dares to leave his lab, it was not because he was hungry or that he was sure that Howard has left, it was because this morning when he went through the pictures he had of his son, instead of the ten he counted last night, they were nine… he remembers nearly leveling his house down looking for the picture, he searched all around his house, and in the end, it was for nothing, the picture had disappeared into thin air… he remembers sobbing his eyes in his pup's nursery, it wasn't enough that he was a failure of an Omega who couldn't save his pup, but he also had to lose the only thing he has of his baby that was gone forever.
Tony was a failure parent for letting his girl suffers in hunger while he was so lost in his head, but crying and despairing over something that had been done and over with won't bring him any good. "So you are saying that you are not from here? That they let you live after discovering their secret?" Tony asked, wanting to know how Angie managed to survive living in this crazy town, wondering if the only way for her to live and not be killed was for her to be trapped in this town.
So what do you think?
Peggy had told him when he asked, from that day; Peggy took it as her mission to teach him everything about her universe, about the Alphas, Betas, and Omegas, about werewolves, about humans, about the events that happened and the differences that took a place in the major events.
For the first time in months, Tony's mind didn't plague him with the nightmares of him being held down and violated against his will, his mind didn't plague him with the fear of Howard and Stane catching up to him and hurting him and the baby, his mind didn't replay Ty's action over and over in his mind, reminding him of what happened months ago, when he was pulled away from one of his father's stupid parties, thrown in a room and had someone take what Tony didn't want to give.
"And what the fuck do you think I have been doing for the past ten years?" Tony snapped, but he made sure that his voice was quiet as to not wake the poor pup sleeping in the next room, his words made Steve give him a sad knowing smile, and for a second Tony hated him for daring to smile like this.
Poor Steve and James!
When Steve reached Shield, he did what he always does, he trained the new recruits, and file paperwork, and attends the meetings, he was even able to make Fury give him the rest of the day off, to go and enjoy it with Tony. He even went to the café near their home to buy Tony one of those cherry pies he was always obsessed with these days.
The drive to the hospital was filled with Tony and Peter's chatting at this and that, but it was mostly science mumbo-jumbo that Steve didn't care about that much, and he can see the pride on the Alpha's face when Peter told him that he was in the eighth grade, and Steve hated how his heart skipped a beat at that look, how long did he wish that Tony will one-day return home so the three of them can be family? For how long he wished for the Alpha to look at Peter with pride and happiness? Looking at the Alpha now, it made the Omega bite his tongue and look out of the window hoping that no one will see his glassy eyes
Finally reaching the town, Tony's lips were pulled into a snarl when he saw everyone stand still and gaze at him with wide eyes like they couldn't believe he was there. Part of Tony wanted to snarl and turn back, ignoring the people around him and ignoring how they start whispering to each other while pointing at him; the other part, the dominating part, hissed and spat as Tony continued his way, promising hell to everyone coming near him. right now, Tony was on a hunt, a hunt that will determent if he was going to stay here or to flee, this time, this time he was going to fly out of the country, maybe to France or Italy, hell even Ireland sounded good.
"Edith… shut down the room, shut down the spying bugs, and play a false feed." Steven said which made everyone look at one another in confusion but Steven was looking at them after he said that, a few seconds later Edith confirm that she had done Steven's request. "As the Ancient One said, I am now a part of your world, and as such, it meant that it's my mission to help you, starting with Hydra." Steven said which made everyone look at Steve who growled at the mention of that name.
Yay! Steve and Tony are engaged!
Steve looked through the peephole and blink in confusion as he saw an old man in his fifties; he didn't remember seeing him when he passed down the hallways of the apartment complex. Maybe he was a floor above? It ends up with Steve opening the door as the old man continued to knock on the door like a manic. "Can I help you, sir?" Steve asked as he opened the door narrowing his eyes at the man cautiously.
He wanted to tell Steve about this so much, telling him about his want for the two of them to leave, about them being able to start a life away from America, where Steve can continue his studies there, and Anthony finally doing the things he loves, he wanted to tell Steve so much, but the day before he did, his father had walked inside of his lab and inform him that he had three weeks to get ready before he needs to leave for Japan, that he was going to do the presentation there, and that if he did it right and got them the deal they wanted, Anthony will finally become the next CEO. Anthony wanted to refuse, he wanted to say no, but the amount of money he will gain when he comes back will be enormous, it is what he needed to start his life with Steve, and the two of them could finally leave and start their life together!
In the end, Steve was able to get all the information he wanted from Natalia, with the promise of her gaining his protection from the Red Room and Hydra… he was sure he gain the teen's respect that day… if he thought that the teen was a fierce redhead Alpha? No one needs to know… with Natalia's help who wanted to be named Natasha… a name she heard Steve loved…?! They were able to know every Hydra sleeping agent that hid in Shield and the American government… they were able to take them out slowly, without drawing someone's attention to what they were doing…
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey, kid, are you OK?" Anthony stuttered as he rushed for the boy who turned to Anthony when he heard his voice, when Anthony touched the Omega's left shoulder, the Omega whine and curl around himself groaning in pain, which made Anthony curse and try to straighten the kid. "Hey, it's OK, I am going to take you to the hospital, do you have a name, what I am saying, of course, you do, wait here, I am going to carry you to the car, and can I do that? I am so dead…" Anthony starts ranting in panic which made the Omega looks at him and let out a small laugh, that turned into a groan.
Steve laughed a little as Becca chased Peter around the place, smiling a little when Mr. Barnes caught the boy making him squeal at that and try to get out of the Alpha's grasp before being tickled, which he failed, and now was being ticked from both Mr. Barnes and Becca causing the pup to let out a shriek of laughter. It had been two weeks, two weeks since Steve saw Tony for the first time, since he saw Bucky for the first time, and it seemed that Bucky 'Forget' to tell him that he told his family about him finally finding Steve once more after the Barnes family knew about him and Peter and where they lived, they came here dragging Bucky by the ear as they scold him about preventing them from visiting Steve sooner, which made the Alpha pout and for Steve to laugh, ever since the Barnes family arrived at his home three days ago they refused to leave or more of Steve not wanting them to leave because he finally saw his family after so long.
"She… she destroyed him. She took everything and kicked him out. As much as I wanted to believe that she is innocent in this world… I can't… I can't separate her from the woman who destroyed my husband's life," Steven whispered feeling drained every time he was forced to remember what that woman did to his husband. Every time he remembered his husband's teary eyes as he told Steven what she did made his blood boil.
"Welcome, my Golden One…" A booming voice spoke, causing Steve to flinch and turn his gaze to the one who Steve dreaded coming across for the last millennium… Thanos… "I see that an insect had managed to come with you, Nebula," Thanos stated as he started walking toward Steve, which caused Steve's eyes to widen when he saw one of the infinity gauntlets on Thanos' left hand. The Space Stone gave a pulse that made Steve swallow when he finally noticed the three Infinity Stones in Thanos' possession.
After breakfast, Tony spent the rest of his time with his family, vibrating in his seat when Pepper, her mate, and Rhodey showed up to spent the day with him, and even that crazy Beta Carol showed up for a bit (Mainly to talk Steve's ear off about something, but she did wish him a happy birthday and gave him a crushing hug to match her enthusiastic persona) Tony spent that time looking between Carol, who was chatting Steve's ear about how she missed him, and Rhodey, who was looking at the woman with hearts in his eyes… well, they weren't hearts, but Tony saw how the Alpha perk up like a puppy when he saw the woman, and Tony promised himself that he will get Steve's help to set the two of them on a date.
"Hey Spangles, are you here with me?" Tony called out gently waving the roses under Steve's nose, making the blond man blink and sneeze, which made Tony lose it and laugh. "That trick never gets old…" Tony stopped laughing making Steve look at his aged face with a gentle look, Tony paused a little raising his wrinkly hand toward Steve's cheek, making the soldier take it in both of his and kiss it. "Hey, Steve… do you love me?" Asked Tony with a smile, making Steve paused at that and stand up to kiss him on the forehead.
"No way!" Peter whispered, turning his gaze to Tony who was shifting in his seat trying to become smaller than he was feeling at this moment, sending Steve a glare full of disbelieve and betrayal, but as usual, the Omega didn't pay him any mind only smirking to show that he was enjoying this show. "What happened next, Mommy?" Peter asked as his eyes returned to Steve, leaning in his seat as he waited for what his mother was going to tell him.
And something inside Peter snapped, he let out a sob and throw himself in the Alpha's arms, letting out whines mixed with sobs as he clutches the man's shirt, taking shuddered breathes when the man held him tightly, whispering.
But don't worry the next chapter is long!
Steven could only smile at that and shake his head at them grunting in faux annoyance when Thor raised him for a hug, talking about Steven being a true Asgardian or something like that, which made the man roll his eyes and try to pat Thor's arms away so he can be put down.
Some readers asked about Steve's age, wondering about how he could mate someone that was half of his age and could be considered his son… the answer to that question is, in this story Steve Rogers was born July 4th, 1920, counting by that, in 1945 his age should be 25 years old, he crashed the plane at that age, now 42 years in the future when Steve was found, he was still 25 years old mentally and physically when he woke up from his coma, even when the world moved around him he was still a young man, and five years passing since waking up will make him 30 years old, as for Tony's age he is 21 years old.
Tony can understand what Rhodey meant and what the man wanted to tell him; he understands it perfectly. But the thing was, Tony knew that if he installed the A.I. then he couldn't live in ignorance anymore, it meant that Stane won and that Tony will finally see this strange town as what it is. A town, full of scary secrets and literal monsters that don't live in the closets or children's imaginations.
"You aren't invited," Tony stated in a cold voice, a contrast image to his heart that continued to hammer in his chest, this time fear took hold of him; how did Ty manage to come in? Tony made sure to erase Ty from his life, especially after the last time they saw each other; Tony's right eye throb reminding him how their last meeting went… Tony should never have sent Steve away, he should have handled the awkwardness if it meant not being forced to be in Ty's presently more than necessary.
The less said about the Bucky doll was the best; Bruce was sure that Bucky was planning to turn into Chucky, only his prey in all of this was Tony, who seemed to be the love of Steve's crazy life. It wasn't that Bruce was a little annoyed about not being able to catch Steve's eyes, he just knows that his life matters more than chasing after Steve who will stab him in the back as the Addams' idea for fun.
After that day, he accept going to a therapist, he accepted seeing no one else but Betty, he doesn't trust anyone anymore, it ends with him going to the Omegas' clinic where she worked and waiting until his name was called, he remembered how she gasped and hugged him tightly, it ends with him joining support groups hoping to finally overcome his addiction for alcohol.
He doesn't know when did the name 'Little star' turned into 'My star' but the first time Anton called him by that, he remembered shining so brightly that Anton smiled happily like he knew! Like he knew that the star understands him and was listening to him, it made him so happy, and he couldn't imagine living in a world without Anton in… it was then that he knew…
"I want to see Loki." Steven said which made Odin narrow his eyes at Steven, only to for the blond man to glare at him daring him to say no.
' and offering to pay Steve to fuck off Tony's life. For his husband to kiss Pepper Potts, is Tony admitting that Howard wins and that Steve was really nothing but a plaything that his husband was going to leave in the end, ignoring how the Alpha already impregnates him and was going to be a father in a month and a half. "Fuck you for accusing me of something you know I would never do no matter what, and fuck you for cheating on me and letting Howard win in his stupid games! If you are going to end up with that bitch from the start why marrying me in the first place, huh? Why force me into this stupid life if you are just going to leave me after you put a baby in me? Was it a game for you? Did you enjoy it, you bastard?" Steve's screams caused Tony to take a step back, especially when the Omega continued to cry and sob, unable to handle it any longer… to think that Steve was this stupid to believe Tony really loved him.
The boy looked at his father who was holding a pillow and touching his nose while glaring at the blond man, and then he returned his sight to the man who was smiling and hiding a pillow behind him. "Oh, can I join?" The small boy jump in excitement as it clicked in his head that the man was saying the truth which made him rush to his father, tugging his shirt. "Please, Daddy, can I join you two? Even Dum-E got to play!" The boy pointed at the robot that was holding a pillow ready to throw it at Steven but drops it when the small boy pointed at him.
"I never do…" Steve tried to joke but he couldn't summon any cheerfulness in his voice. "Thank you…" Steve ends up saying leaving Fury in the office looking at his back.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, maybe a little bit of violence, Steven being scary and overprotect AF! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Did you tell him?" Steve asked, causing Tony's smile to deem a little before shaking his head, causing Steve to frown a little at Tony, wondering why the Alpha or anyone of the Stark family didn't tell Peter about their relation. It must have shown on his face, because his Alpha gave him a small smile, and leaned down to kiss his cheek, even being a little taller, Steve now reached to Tony's nose, which Steve will never admit made him a little furious and turn on.
Hearing that, Steven touched the deck slowly, gazing at Tony's eyes as he raised himself, hesitant and unsure as to if he was waiting for him should Tony push him back or leave. "
So after pleading and whining and crying to Bucky about how trapped he was feeling and how he was turning into a depressed whale (Making Bucky panic when hormones got the better of Steve and he started to cry) Bucky finally allowed Steve to go to the supermarket, but only if Bucky came with him. This was how Steve ended up here, walking through the supermarket as Bucky kept a lookout for any suspicious individuals; Steve was grateful to Bucky, he really was the Alpha stood by his side through the thick and thin, a position that his absent husband should fill.
It had been a tough couple of weeks for Clint; he couldn't believe what took place just a couple of weeks ago, he was still trying to wrap his mind around it, but one thing was true and that it was all Tony's fault! If only he wasn't Steve's love interest and cast a spell at him to gain his love, this wouldn't have happened at all! But as always, Tony middle with things and caught Steve's eyes, which not only led to Steve loving him, but it also led to his friends nearly dying from the horror they were subject to! First, it was Nat two weeks ago, then Thor four days ago, God he hoped that Tony will be the next; at least then Clint will know if it was really love or that Steve was angry at Tony and was taking in on them.
At the sound of his name, Steve blinked his eyes tiredly and looked around the place before his gaze settled on Tony; tiredness and daze clear on his face. "Did we arrive?" Steve asked in a slurred voice, getting a tired nod from Tony, who stood up on his shaky legs, hoping that they won’t give up on him causing him to face plant into the floor; thankfully they didn't.
Am I relieved to finally end this story? Hell yes!
"Well, then I wanted to introduce you to one of your biggest fans in the whole world, Peter!" Steve said as he pulls Peter gently in front of him which made the pup look at his father then at the Omega, the Omega blinked his eyes not expecting that but a small smile took over his face at the realization. "Peter, say 'Hi' to Mr. Tony Stark, you know the engineer." Steve said which made the pup look at Tony's face and for his little mouth to open in shock; it was amusing to Steve and Tony to see the pup's face turning red as a blush took over his face.
coming from Harley, causing a wide smile to take over his face…
"Fuck you, Rogers! Not everything is about you, asshole!" Tony snapped pushing Steve out of his way as he stumped his way toward his room inside of the palace, leaving Rogers looking at his back, feeling a little dumbfounded at the Omega, that wasn't the response he expected. Steve though, only grunt at that and return his gaze to the view he was seeing before trying to ignore the pain in his chest.
“Nothing,” Steve answered, and his answer probably didn’t satisfy the man, for he frowned at him. “I’m just a kid from Brooklyn.” Steve raised his eyebrow at Howard, the Alpha seemed lost in thoughts at his answer, a frown taking over his face before it smoothes out and his face turned into the perfect blank mask, and Steve sower if Howard was going to pull something as he did a month ago or even eleven and half years ago, he will break his nose this time without hope for even surgery to sit it right.
Six years ago, after Tony was hit by the car, and after the police arrested the man who was responsible for it, his father arrived at the hospital only to see Stane looking at him with a crestfallen face, telling him that his grandchild was dead. But one day a year later, after Howard was going over some papers, he found a strange thing, which made him investigate the hospital, Howard ends up discovering that not only Tony's child survived that day being born prematurely, but he ends up finding a paper with his signature on it, a paper that Howard was sure he didn't sign, a paper that gave the baby to another family, that the adoption was closed and no matter what Howard did he couldn't find anything about the baby until a year later…
Opening the door to the mansion, Steve was greeted by a scowling Tony, which caused the smile on Steve's face to slip, especially when Tony looked between him and Bucky and let out an angry snarl. "Where were you?" Tony growled as he stalked toward Steve, sending him a harsh glare that ordered him to spell everything up.
calm. lowering his shaky hand to his belly, Tony could only gaze at his red substance painting his hand in dizziness when he raises his hand to his face; no sound left Tony, as he could only stare at his hand as his vision start having dark spots in them.
"Are you OK, Steve?" Tony's voice made the Alpha bite his tongue last he snapped at the Omega behind him, he turned to see Tony looking at him with concern look on his face. The Alpha didn't know why Peggy's nephew always chase him, or in truth, he knows why, but always gets annoyed at and ignored, after all, didn't Tony understand that he was already mated to the love of his life? He didn't want another mate, another Omega that will weight him down, he is not like Peggy who pulled herself together after her husband's death, but Peggy had forty years to swallow it up and pull herself together, not like Steve who only woke up last year after crashing the plane down, it was only two weeks before that since he saw his mate fall to his death.
"God, you are so cruel, is this a way to treat your husband? At least make yourself useful and go make breakfast before latching into me!" Tony pouted, his words causing Steve to let another laugh and nuzzle Tony's cheek, probably rolling his eyes at the way Tony was acting like five years old; Tony couldn't help it though, not when he was still high on his mate's scent and their still fresh bond.
"Be careful of the sugar rush, the little pup turns into the Hulk every time he is near sugar." Steve said as he opened the car, putting the pup in the backseats while buckling his seatbelt, looking at him with a pointed look as the pup tried to loosen the belt, that made the pup pout, but he left the belt alone, so Steve took it as a win and closed the door, opening the passenger seat's door for Tony, causing the Omega to fan himself with his hand.
"Brother Stark!" Thor shouted and raised his head to look at Tony with horror which made Steven snort and thrust his cuffed hands toward the son of Odin causing the man to pale at the sight of them as he snapped them apart after pulling them harder than any mortal can. "Please forgive him, for mortals are not believers in the old ways…" Thor said a whimper was heard in his words as he looked at Steven with begging eyes.
Tony rushed toward the common room, hoping that everyone will be there, hoping that J.A.R.V.I.S. managed to wake the Avengers up so they could hear Tony out. In the back of his mind, Tony wonders if everyone will think he is crazy after what he was going to tell them. Tony hopes desperately that his friends will at least believe what he was going to say, even if it seemed crazy.
Natasha drags Clint off to a different booth, giving Tony a knowing look, which made him flush in happiness at how considerate his friends. Tony, Pepper, and Rhodey took another booth, letting out a sigh of relief as they picked up the menu from the stand that holds them, chatting on what to choose, while Tony promising them both that whatever the two of them decided on it will be worth it.
"I will think about it." Steve ended up saying as he stood up going to the place where the living room was, following Peter's scent to reach it; Tony followed him with a worried look on his face. Tony really hoped that Steve will consider his words, for Peter's sake…
Steven said harshly as he wore his tonic, looking at the woman with a look that told her to stop in her wake, which made the Beta's lips wobble a little at that, but Steven's face was tired, so tired it made her stop.
The previous owners of the property had left the place years ago with a few bags of their most valued possessions, leaving everything else behind, that's what Peggy told them, something about the family not being able to handle their son's death. The pictures Tony had seen on the Real Estate website had shown the inside of the house, stained pinewood walls, and a selection of simple, homely furniture included in the price. But now… here… everything, every dish, and plate, every piece of furniture, has been destroyed. The sofas had been overturned, the coffee table smashed, splinters of pine scattered across the floor. The boxy old TV that had been on an occasional table in the corner has been… crushed. Like something had wrapped around it and squeezed. The dining table that separated the kitchen and dining room was in fragments.
The only sound accompanies his sobs were the laughter that Ty was letting out, ignoring the pleas and whimpers Tony producing mix with his sobs. "I think that it's only fair I take something from you, considering that it was your fault I was thrown out of here, don't worry though, I will make sure that we will enjoy our precious time thoroughly before your time come." Ty grin, ignoring the tears painting Tony's cheeks when he leaned down to give him a mocking kiss on the cheek, which did nothing but making Tony choke on his sobs, shaking uncontrollably, wondering if he will pass out from the lack of air.
"Tony, please put that alien down!" Howard said which made Tony blink at his father's words, and he turns to his father while holding the cat looking at his father with an unimpressed voice, it's just a cat. "Tony! Don't point that thing at someone, Steve! Do something to stop your demon!" Howard screamed as he hides behind Steve, who was laughing his ass off at everyone, to say the truth everyone was hiding behind Steve, only Jarvis was near Tony, and it was to steer Peter away from Tony who was holding the cat.
"Peter… what happened to your clothes?" Tony asked, leaning on the back of the couch and looking down on Peter with a mysterious smile on his face, causing Peter to shift at the sight of that smile. "You know that Grandpa Howard and Grandma Sarah are coming today don't you, sweetie?" Tony tilted his head, counting from ten to zero, any second now and Peter was going to crack, because surely, Peter would never want to be on his grandparents' bad side.
"We are here." Said Clint as he stopped the car in front of the mansion's gates, Steve sighed at that and get out of the car against Peggy's wishes, not caring about the idiotic Shield agent who was trying to argue with the butler to grant them entrance… Steve stood in front of the gates and kicked them hard, making them break and fly in different directions.
A whimper left him as he tried desperately to open his eyes. It took time, his body was killing him, from the top of his head to the tip of his toes; hell, even his goddammit hair was hurting, and that was mindboggling as it is. It was like he has spent the night fighting with bears and lions, only to be hit by a train came morning, which was not a reassuring image at all.
"Oh shit…" Tony hissed as he backed away from this mad scene, it seemed like even the God of mischief himself couldn't handle Rogers and that meant the man was undefeatable and his spell forever will be cast on the Avengers with no way to break it, when Tony saw Rogers get out a sacrificing knife, his eyes widen when he saw that the man was about to kill Loki, so Tony did the only thing he could think of to try and stop that crazy bastard. "Enough!" Tony as much as he hated to say it squeaked as he rushed toward Rogers, pulling the knife out of his hand and throwing it at one of the shadowy demons that were still present, which got him a shriek from the said demon., Rogers, though, only gazed at Tony like he was seeing a God, which Tony grimaced at. "No killing homicidal maniacs just because I don't give a fuck if you died, do you get it, Rogers, in fact, no killing anyone! What's so hard to understand?" Tony snapped at Rogers, growling at the man until the said man lowered his head from shame.
"OK… great I am stranded with a loon who thinks that he is a shooting star, and my suit is only thirty percent on… just my luck." The creature said which made Steven growl at it and take one of the rocks near him, throwing it at the creature which made it grunt painfully when the rock collided with its head. "Hey what was that for, you crazy bastard!" The metal man/woman/it? Snarled as he took a step toward Steven making the star take more heavy rocks and raise them ready to throw them at that thing if it came closer to him, which the creature seemed to realize that as it stayed away from him, making Steven relax a little which was mistake number two because the creature seemed to have been waiting for the star to relax before he bounced on him, which made the man shriek and try to wiggle out of the metal arms hold, no matter how much he screamed and threatened that thing, it was of no use, and Steven soon found his arms tied in front of him with metal bracelets?
Steven's eyes widen a little as he recognizes the woman in the elegant getup. "Ancient One…" Steven said respectively lowering his head in a small bow which made the woman's lips twitches up at that, Steve may have seen the woman only once when he was returning one of the Infinity Stones to her, but the impression she left was going to make him remember her for lifetimes to come, it didn't hurt that the woman liked to make subtle jokes about them being related for being descended from the Celtic… well, he hoped she was joking.
"Who is he, Thor?" Peggy asked Thor which caused the thundered to stop in his advance to kill Tony, Peggy's words made him turn to her, his face has so many different emotions like he couldn't choose the right words to say or the right emotion to feel, he was lost and that showed on his face.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, anxiety, fluff, Peter is a precious bean, Tony nearly crying his eyes out the whole chapter, and Steve is a BAMF, and who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Steve, you know that there are clinics that can treat Peter, right?" Tony said gently which made the Alpha let out a deep breath and nod his head at that sitting on one of the kitchen stools.
"Oh, good, I thought that you didn't tell him, well then we can go to Stark right away and demand that he right his wrongs, the bastard is probably drinking himself to death after hearing what his father did, you should have… Stevie?" Bucky asked looking at Steve who looked at Bucky with a blank face, looking frozen in time, it made Bucky concern but he nearly squeaks as Steve's hand shoots out and took hold of the front of Bucky's shirt pulling the Alpha toward him.
Tony narrow his eyes, humming as he tried to choose between the funeral suit he wore the day his parents died (Surprisingly it did fit him even after all these years, even if it was on the small side; the suit only manage to highlight his best assists, which in any other date he would have been happy for). And some crazy ass clothes he found, considering of leather, metal, and more leather. So far Tony was leaning toward the funeral suit because then, it means that Tony would die in style (And be prepared for it, was a plus).
It was two hours later and just as Tony's friends promised him, today they decided to have a picnic in the park. It was a nice day to be outside, the sun was shining, the autumn breeze made everything bearable and cool, there was no cloud in sight and everyone was having fun. The kids were running and screaming in delight, being led by Peter on a treasure hunt, the adults were sitting and exchanging stories and food, laughing and joking with each other; Bucky was hiding behind Steve for protection against his mother who vowed she will kill him for hiding the secret of him dating Natasha for years without telling her.
"You…" The witch hissed as she tried to stand up on her shaking legs, she growled and raised her hands to throw more of her tainted magic at him; it was only a few seconds later before the witch's eyes widen in mute horror, looking at her hands in shock before turning to Steve with rage clouding her eyes. "What did you do?" Snarled Wanda like a cornered beast, breathing hard as she tried to summon her magic once more but failed in doing so.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, a little bit of sadness, fluffy fluff! Peter being a precious bean, and Tony is a sweetheart! And Steve is a gentleman! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"I sealed your tainted magic away… you can no longer use magic or access it in any way there is…" Steve stated, his hands were shaking with how much magic he used; Steve may be a creature of magic, a divine being with his own right, but the thing was, with all of his power being divided into keeping him alive and in a physical body on Midgard, pulse trying to protect him from the Space Stone's influence, the magic Steve can use is very limited, and using too much would drain Steve faster, especially if he mixed the Infinity Stone power with his magic.
Loki drank his tea, humming a little while putting his cup down, eyes going distant in deep thoughts as he tried to gather all the information he remembers. "Nothing that you didn't know about in your home." Loki finally said as he raised his cup to take another sip, pausing halfway before looking at Steven who crosses his arms in deep thought. "The only difference is that they are weaker than the ones in your universe, so you will control them completely this time around." Loki took a sip from his tea after finishing his words causing Steven to frown.
"It's not like I didn't take him to therapists and clinics, I did, I did all of that, but nothing seemed to work." Steve ended up saying which made Tony nod his head at that. "Thought that returning here once again will be a good thing, a fresh start of some sort, that maybe he will heal slowly if he didn't see all of the things that will remind him of his mother, and it seemed to work, because he met you, and he didn't seem to be afraid… I guess I was an idiot to hope that he will get better on his own." Steve said putting his head in his hands.
"The stars are talking… Thanos is going to reach Asgard soon; sooner than any of us thought, our only saving grace is that the Space Stone is in the hand of the Ancient One, and him being able to control the Stone enough to overcome its influence." Frigga whispered in a scared voice like she was telling Thor a forbidden secret that no one should ever hear of, and that itself caused worry and fear to talk hold of Thor's heart.
"What can I say? They are idiots, always have been ever since I came here 15 years ago." Angie started giving a soft smile as she raised Tony from his seat, guiding him to the kitchen when Morgan started crying in hunger. "They did the same when I came here, they fear for the life of the spirit or as some might call it, the monster," Angie told him as she finished preparing Morgan's bottle, giving it to Tony who took it with a shaky hand and start feeding his baby, kissing her on the forehead when Morgan latched into the bottle and drank in hunger.
From the Greek name (Stephanos) which means crown; as for (Róaldr) it is a variant form of (Hróaldr) which meant honorable ruler.
"You? Apologize?" Steven asked as he stopped laughing, ignoring the pain he felt in his belly due to the stab wound. "That is funny, very funny. Do not tire yourself, foolish king; I got used to it, after all, this wasn't the first child I carried in my womb you ended up being the reason they were killed." Steven stated darkly, an emotionless smile stretched on his lips; Steven took a dark pleasure in the shock and denial on the king's face. Interesting, so the king can kill babes from other villages without a care in the world, but when it comes to someone under his watch, he can't handle it.
(See the end of the chapter for
The king's eyes narrowed when he saw that Loki and Nattalegg were waiting for him near the cellar's door, an amused smile taking over Loki's face, while Nattalegg's eyes were wide with disbelieve. "Asgardian protects their people, no matter who they are, you shouldn't have made the Omega into a slave my king… I hope you enjoy burned food for the rest of his stay." Loki said with laughter in his voice, which made the king snarl at the Alpha and push him out of his way, continuing his plan of going to the deck and calming himself before returning to the Omega and kill him for his foolish decision.
For those who got confused by my wording of the time. In medieval times most peasants or farmers would not have had a great need to know precisely what hour it was and would have divided their day according to the passage of the sun (They mostly deal with hours, their times don't have minutes in it considering that it was near impossible for them to know the specific time). I used the time used for the monastic communities but by no means, this meant that there is a monastic religion in the fic considering that Vikings worshipped their Gods from Asgard. I just use this time because it will be easier than using sand clocks, water clocks, and a well-trained biological clock, the earliest clock in history was made in the 1320s and it was an astronomic clock.
"Don't be stupid, if I wanted you to die from poison I would have left you alone, everyone knows that there is no antidote to the poison running through your veins." Howard started as he starts pumping the blue liquid inside Steve. "This is Erskine's gift to you, his last before he disappeared God's know where, I was surprised when he mentioned your name in his letter years and years ago, but now I can see what he saw in you. You better not die, Rogers, I don't need grieving children coming after me for vengeance." Howard stated darkly, as he pulled the needle out of Steve's arms. It was a few seconds later that Steve finally starts feeling it, the freezing coldness that took over him, the coldness hurt more than the fire in his veins that burned him; it was pain like no other, it made Steve choke as his heart felt like it was about to explode any second now, it hurt, it hurt so much, it hurt!
"That is no excuse, Peter… you made Tony very sad, do you understand?" Steve chided the boy, causing him to whimper at that and his breath started to hitch even more. "And Lila and Copper should know better, especially that they are older than you by three years… you three are grounded for a month, do you understand why Peter?" Steve asked the boy gently which made the small boy nod his head.
Tony's lips twitched down at that, actually, his whole body was twitching with some nervous energy, but Tony was not going to do anything about it, he was not going to exam it closely until he was over with this visit. "Oh, Tony, it had been such a long time!" Maria's voice came from the living room, causing Tony's heart to pound in his chest, and for his breath to hitch; his mother… his mother was sitting in the living room sofa with a white cat in her lap, looking as beautiful as she did seventeen years ago.
"Oh, my Addams, who did this to you?" Serpentine whispered her eyes becoming hard and she gazed at Tony with determent eyes, a scary look on the ghost, to be honest, so Tony tried to back away as much as he can. "An Addams never raises their hand on their
It was a wonder how Steve managed to pull this off, a grin taking over his face when Steve reached the gardens that were empty at this time of the day. Breathing hard, Steve looked around once more to make sure that no one was following him before he wheeled himself to the exit; after a few tricky twists and turns in the gardens, Steve managed to reach the exit gates, his breathing was harsh and his grin was wide now he was a few minutes away from freedom.
" Steve asked once more as he kissed the place where his mark will take, his eyes were wild and his voice was deep, causing Tony to shiver and nod his head, feeling desperate when his Alpha didn't touch him as fast as he wanted but took his time unwrapping him from his wedding suit like he was a present.
"What happened, darling?" Steve asked, taking the boxes of sweets in his left hand while his right was on Tony's lower back as he guided the Omega to the house, where Peter was looking at them with wide eyes, probably wondering what happened and why Harley was sleeping in Tony's arms.
…" That made Steve tilt his head in a confused look… who the hell was Morgan? This man was strange, he was crazy; that's the only thing that Steve can think of.
After the day that Steve told his baby about his father, the little boy always came to him to ask more about his father each day, and to say the truth Steve didn't have it in him to hold the information from his son anymore, his son needed his father, even if it's just a phantom of him, Steve promised himself that he will tell Peter the whole truth when the child gets older, but not now.
"You surely have something wrong in the brain if you thought I will ever help you," Steven hissed like a furious lion, his eyes darting to Bucky who looks worse and worse every moment that went, and it made Steven tense when Bucky let out a muffled moan of suffering that if not for the serum running inside of his body, he would have never discovered it.
And some light-hearted chapter because you know, the angst are coming.
All of Steve’s hope of Tony calming down was thrown away in the wind when he let out a snarl after spotting Howard. “You!” Tony tried to move toward Howard, probably planning to kill him, after all, the Alpha was growling and hissing and planning to kill someone, and Steve wasn’t petty enough to stay still and allow his mate to kill his father, even when the said father was an asshole.
Margaret's words were mirrored by many, which made happiness bloom in Steven's heart as he looked at them with a happy yet sad look.
With a skip in his steps, Tony started walking toward his beloved mansion, humming a creepy song under his breath, and to his delight, the baby seemed to actually enjoy it if the coos and giggle were anything to go by. So cute! A boy that not only was he part-mutant-part-vampire or whatever he really was, but a baby that doesn't fear the creepy aura Tony has! Tony couldn't help but let out a dark chuckle, he wondered how his husband would react when he bring the baby home.
A choked laugh left the young man as he tried to calm himself, not believing that he actually succeeded in running away, and the best of it, his mother was on his side, the young man knows that his mother loved him deep down in whatever left of her that wasn't destroyed by pills and depression and her trying to get over her husband hating her and her son for no reason, but it warmed Tony's heart to think that his mother still cared about him enough to go against Howard for one last time, even if it meant getting hurt in the end. When Tony checked the bag his mother gave him when he was out of Manhattan, he cried as he saw how much money in the bag, the few pieces of jewels that lay around, his grandmother's precious ruby necklace, the passport, and identity that informed everyone that his name was Anthony Carbonell, a twenty-three years old, and not Tony Stark, the eighteen years old kid of Howard…
This was the second time that Tony and Steve spent a heat together, the second time for them to be this intimate since they got married and spent their first time in Italy enjoying themselves. Just like their first time, Tony couldn't help but feel the same as he felt on their first time, cherished wanted, loved… a fate that Tony doesn't know how his husband managed to do since they both were losing themselves to their instincts as their days processed and the heat and rut clouded their judgments.
The other Avengers blinked their eyes in shock and they turned to Tony who was flushing at the thought of Steven watching over him all this time, a smile twitched on his face when he saw Peter squeal in happiness and jump around the room at the thought of being forever lucky because of Steven. "Mother-Ouch, Natasha!" Clint whine as he nursed his feet this time, for Natasha has stepped on it with her heel. "Stark, buddy, my friend! Why won't you talk with Steven to give us some of his luck, you know I am in dire need for a bit of good luck right now, maybe then Natasha wouldn't break my bones!" Clint growled at Natasha, who was inspecting her nails with a smile, his words causing Peggy to roll her eyes and sigh at them.
After explaining the situation to the woman, and one grocery trip later, the two of them finally returned to the mansion, with Tony glowing at the thought of finally getting rid of that crazy Addams and having his home back, Tony did tense though when he saw the man waiting for him on the front door of the mansion, and Tony ignored how the man glows with happiness when he saw him, no way in hell was Tony letting that crazy man run his house anymore, nor was he affected by his act like all of his teammates seemed to be, Tony was made of iron! His will won't be bent from a cute look that was sent his way by the possibly hottest man alive!
It was only when Peggy was far away from their homes that Tony finally lost it, turning to Clint with wide eyes and in a hysterical voice he shouted. "A fucking gun, Clint, really?! What if something happened and one of the kids get hurt?!" Tony couldn't help but breathe shakily, trying to calm his nerves as he tried not to waver when he saw Clint wince and give him a sheepish look.
"Oh, so cute! Your crying face is the cuties thing I have seen in eighty years! Not since my Stevie pouted when his hidden rabid cat couldn't kill me!" The ghost giggled as she gazed at Tony who was giving the ghost a terrified look. "Oh, and by the way, I'm Steve's mother, Serpentine Addams!" The ghost chirp happily, lowering herself and start tidying Tony's tie, causing Tony's eyes to nearly roll in the back of his head.
"Life isn't perfect." Steve said back, turning his back to Tony as he tried to find a position comfortable for his growing body. Tony is positively obsessed with the changes and constantly jokes that they will make more right away come Steve's next heat, which followed by a squeal from Peter at the thought of other siblings and an annoyed sigh from Steve.
"A bear attacked the hunting party." The Alpha explained, sending a glare from the corner of her eyes at the Stone family, causing Steven to raise his eyebrow. "It was not much of an attack, for the bear turned away to continue its path; Tyber on the other hand decided on his own to attack the bear, gaining the anger of Gods with his reckless behavior." Steven tried not to wince at the admission, already knowing that the Beta made a huge mistake going against the Gods' will and attacking a peaceful animal not seeking a fight.
Waking up from sleep made Tony confused because he remembered neither falling asleep nor remembered feeling this content while doing so, when was the last time Tony got the much-needed rest doing that simple thing? It was too long for him to decide, hearing his baby's giggles made a happy smile stretch on his lips as he blinked his eyes open to see what made his baby this happy. The sight in front of him gave him mixed feelings but a smile made it to his face despite everything, because there his baby was, sitting in Captain… no, he will call him Steve, as the Alpha told him to do… Steve's lap while giggling as he touched Steve's Shield, it made Tony's eyes widen a little, and for them to sparkle, if he remember correctly that Shield was made of Vibranium, the scientist in him wanted to pull the Shield toward himself and inspect it, wanting to know what made it works and how much force it will take to bent it, but Tony shook his head at that and sit up stretching his body a little.
When a few seconds passed in silence and the king refused to speak, Steven let out a low hiss before he turned away, planning on leaving and admonish himself for wasting his precious time for someone who wasn't worth it. "I apologize!" The king said, causing Steven to stop in his place and turn to the king, raising his eyebrow as he tilted his head, ordering the king to continue or he would leave; the king seemed to get the message because he shuffled a bit in his place before gazing at the queen with a raised head. "I am deeply sorry for what I said earlier, I should not have let my anger control me and unleash it on you just because I was having a bad day; I promise I this would not happen again." The king said, causing Steven to frown and gaze at the man, trying to see the deception in his tone; when he saw the honestly instead of deception, Steven pressed his lips into a tight line wondering what to do.
"Tony, please stop! Tony, calm down!" Steve pled with the Omega, fear taking hold of him when they reached the kitchen, and that made the Alpha fasten his footsteps despite not wanting to run and scare the Omega into an even worse place than he already was. Reaching the kitchen, Steve held his breath when he saw Tony with a sharp knife in his hand, looking at the Alpha with wild eyes, daring him to disobey. "T-Tony… please put the knife down…" Steve said slowly as he put his Shield on the ground in hope of not scaring the Omega and thrusting him over the edge more than he already was.
Tony hummed as his hand starts running over Steve's chest, a happy smile taking over his face as he remembered the events of the past week. It had been a week since Tony had felled into his heat, a week since he and Steve had locked themselves home refusing to leave the bedroom unless it was necessary; a week since they saw Peter. Thankfully today was their last day before they had to face the world once more, Tony admit it was a fun and amazing week, but Tony still miss his baby like crazy and want to hug Peter tightly before going to see Harley and see how he was doing; something that his husband was feeling no doubt.
?" Steve purred as his arms encircled Tony, pulling him tightly to the muscled chest as he started kissing Tony's neck making the genius let out a purr of his own. Steve and Tony finally left the after-party, going to the hotel they reserved before taking their flight to Hawaii tomorrow (The only reason they choose Hawaii and not the amazon jungle where they would be eaten alive, was because Pepper gave them the tickets and paid for the honeymoon while crying, saying something about how happy she was for them); Tony was sure that by the end of this night, this hotel would end up haunted and destroyed by his husband, and that thought made a giggle leave him.
"What about this? We can go and take Harley to the park tomorrow where the two of us can get to know each other… we can talk about adopting and other things after we get married." Tony offered as an olive branch, only to have his lips twitching when he saw how wide Steve's eyes became, shock and adoration shining clearly in the Alpha's eyes.
"Tony, are you OK?" Steve questioned gently as he stood behind Tony holding him, his words causing Tony to shrug because the Omega didn't want his fiancé to know how sad and heartbroken he was that his father refused to come, not that Tony can blame his father, after all, he was the one who pushed his father away.
"What I hide… is forbidden to be heard, the knowledge that no one is to know other than a few. Not even with the Avengers…" Steven said glancing at Steve who was clenching his fists tightly at what he heard, and then he starts walking to the door with fast footsteps, ignoring Tony when he touched his hand gently, which made Steven scowl and call out to him. "What are you planning to do? Drag the first agent you see to beat the answers out of them? Stop being an idiot and stand down soldier." Steven said which made Steve growl and turn around power walked to Steven.
"For God's sake, fuck off!" Steven snapped which made the room become so quiet that you could hear a straw of hay fall and it will sound like a loud bang, it made Steven blink at that and turn to Peggy who was looking at Steven like the older man confess to her about being the true leader of Hydra. "What? Did I say something wrong?" Steven asked which made the rest of the team look at him.
"Look who finally got here." Darcy said as she leaned on her desk looking at Tony who rolled his eyes at the woman which got him a sharp grin. "So are you going to tell me about the hot one and the cutie with him, is he taken? Your mate?" Darcy asked which made Tony flush at the thought of Steve being his, the flush on his face caused Darcy to squeal. "Really? OMG! Why didn't you invite me to the wedding, Tony?" Darcy asked which made Tony huff as he tried to regain control of himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Fury narrowed his eyes before he let out a sigh, putting his cup on the table before turning his attention to Tony. "You know, Carter and Barnes told me about this, and how crazy you were for believing something like that." Fury stated, letting out a tired hum as his eyes still on Morgan. "To be honest, I don't blame you for that kind of thought, not when we didn't give you any reason to believe us. To answer your question, no, Steve doesn't have any relation to your daughter, she is yours, we were there when you gave birth to her; so everyone can testify that you are her parent." Fury picked up his cup, taking a sip from it, his eyes still taking in Morgan who was waking up.
"Steve, I don't really think I can go in there…" Bucky whispered after Steve dragged him all the way to the barbershop, Bucky's words caused Steve to give the Alpha a look ordering him silently to explain. Now Steve wasn't someone who will shove his beliefs and orders down someone's throat, but Bucky was practically looking like a mountain man with his long shaggy hair and unkempt beard, he was sure that once the barber saw him, he will pray for mercy, Steve can vaguely remember Bucky's face the first time he came to live with them, and he remembered how youthful he looked with his clean face and kept hair. "I don't feel comfortable near sharp things, Steve…" Bucky whispered uncomfortably, like he was feeling ashamed, an action that caused Steve's face to soften.
"So you finally return, Starkad!" The joyful voice made the Omega turn to the caller to see a woman with a fiery red hair just like the woman with the green eyes but this woman has a blue instead, not far away behind her was a man with dark skin like coal and dark eyes that were looking at Steven with suspicion. Though the Omega paid that look no mind, after all, he was at the end of that look one too many in all of his years of life, though it was interesting to learn that the Iron King's name was 'Starkad' a name that caused a pang in his heart, he shook that thought away just like he shook it for more than two decades.
"Shhh, shhh, sweetheart, it is OK, it is OK, Daddy is just going to leave you for a second before he returns back, just stay calm and sweet for me, baby," Tony whispered shakily as he put his baby gently on one of the plush pillows on the floor, trying to ignore Howard's snarl as he continued to slam the door trying to break through it. "It's OK… sweetheart," Tony whispered, his hands caressing Morgan's cheeks, causing his baby to sniffle as she looked up at him with big teary eyes. "I love you, baby…" Tony whispered, kissing his baby on the forehead, before pulling back, distracting his child with a toy as he rushed out of the playroom, silently signaling to Jarvis to start locking down the playroom, and not allow anyone inside.
So here he was, being forced to sit in the ship, with the annoying Tony who was still glaring at Steven, (Even if Steven can only feel his glare but not see it), and the Midgardian with the strange clothes, though he blinks at the woman who was wearing his colors, the red, white, and blue… the woman looked scary though… her and the man with the silver arm, they kept sending him strange looks that made the hair on Steven's body tense.
... Steve knew that no star dared to do what Steve was doing; shining brightly enough to burn everything in their path and increase the chance of his magic and core getting destroyed and dying in the process, a path Steve shouldn't have crossed until millions of years later.
"Was it because of the Infinity Stones?" Thor asked as he took a step toward Steven, he had only returned a few hours ago to carry the news of his father wanting to meet Steven, only to see Peggy and Anthony trying to revive Steven who was losing his lifeforce, that was until the strange woman appeared from a portal and offered her help.
"What do you mean why? That eye-patch freak is trying to separate the two of you, that's why!" Serpentine huffed, playing with the spiders in her hands before growling and crushing them, causing Tony to grimace as he saw the black widows' bodies fell on the counter; Tony made sure to put in his mental list that he needed to wipe the counter off poison and spider guts later. "That bastard, who does he think he is? My baby is finally marrying the person he loves after years of torture, and that pirate dared to order you to break off with him! Gah! I should have done more than destroying that stupid organization he runs!" Serpentine huffed and puffed, shadows dancing behind her wildly as to show her anger.
Taking a deep breath, Anton managed to calm down for a second, grumbling something under his breath as he ran his hand over his beard a few times; he had to apologize to Jamti, Anton may have held his tongue and stopped himself from saying something hurtful to his friend, but the cold way he acted and the clipped order may have caused his friend to become concerned. As soon as the two of them were out of the village, Anton would make sure to apologize to his friend, maybe even invite him for a jug of good mead he has in his possession.
"What do you want in exchange for the Shield?" James suddenly asked, causing Anton to blink his eyes, an amused smile taking over his face at the determined look on the pup's face; Anton couldn't help but laugh and stand up, putting the Shield up as he exam it once more.
“So…” Tony started first, resolving to break the silence that took over the place, trying to stop from squirming when Steve’s eyes fell on him, embarrassment coloring his Irish complex red. “Is it for me?” Tony decided to respond to appear none challenged, which missed the mark by a mile, considering like Steve, his face was cherry red.
"But… but Peter knows about his father, right?" Bucky whispered/asked looking at the kitchen's door afraid that the pup was going to come running any minute now, it would be a disaster if the pup didn't know about his father, it would be a disaster and heartbreak on both the pup and the parents' sides, and just thinking about the pup looking heartbroken was enough for Bucky's hackles to rise.
The second time Tony opened his eyes, he was in a hospital, he looked to the side still groggy from the drugs that were pumping into him, and he saw a shape beside him so he blinks then narrows his eyes, trying to see what it was. When his vision was clear he saw that his father was waiting beside his bedside, sleeping on the uncomfortable chair. Tony tried to sit up slowly, but a pain in him abdomen made him give a sharp cry making his father jump in his chair, his hand went to his pregnant belly, fear rising in his heart that there was something wrong with his baby.
"Good morning, Sir, I hate to disturbed you, but everyone is waiting for you downstairs." Jarvis's voice as he said those words made Tony blink his eyes and look at the clock on the nightstand with wide eyes, it was already nine AM. And Tony can't believe that he slept in when was the last time he slept in? It was probably years ago because ever since Stane, the Omega couldn't sleep more than five hours a day.
Falling, Tony could only notice that, he was up one second and another second he was falling, and he couldn't even brace himself for the hard ground that will meet him, only… only Tony didn't fall on the ground, someone was holding him from behind, lowering him gently to the ground. He can hear Stane's terrified voice, he can hear the terror hiding in his tone now the winds doesn't hide every little voice that was made.
"Cheating? As if you are any better!" Tony snapped, causing Steve to step back in shock when the Alpha let out an angry growl as he stalked toward Steve, ignoring how the Omega tried to push him away as he held his hands tightly. "Don't make me laugh; you talk big for someone who is banging my brother behind my back!" Tony's words froze Steve in his place, causing him to give a choked '
So finally after a lot of argument and agreement, Tony and Rhodey finally started working. When Tony and Rhodey started working they started by installing the cameras and the sensors outside of the house, mainly the front of the house and the backyard near the woods. Tony didn't know why, but when he installed the cameras he made sure that they weren't pointing at the lake; it was absurd, it was insane, but it seemed that part of Tony still wasn't ready to break the illusion of the lake being Tony's save haven. So Tony turned the cameras away even when Rhodey grumbled at him and tried to adjust the cameras for the tenth time (Only for Tony to pointed them away when Rhodey wasn't looking)
And Tony thinks that he liked that kind of love, no, he knows that he liked it, the warmth that seeped into his bones calming his fried nerves down and making him feel home, making him feel special. Because if there was something that Tony learned, the fire will always fad away after a while, leaving the painful remains in its place, making the edges sharper, and the pain more real, not like the warmth that will remind with you every time you breathe, every time you return home and be greeted with a rush of warmth that will protect you from the freezing coldness of the harsh world outside.
"I… I'm sorry, I… I will go…" Bucky said in a panicked rush, trying to collect all of his stuff that was on the floor, the action caused Steve to feel guilty like somehow this was his fault, and maybe it was, because why would Bucky act like he was scared half of the time when Steve or Tony saw him, he was probably afraid that they were both going to kick him out of the house, and so far the two spouses did nothing to make that fear cease, considering that the two of them were always too busy to give James the time of the day if it wasn't for dinner or when Steve felt bored enough that he wanted someone to talk to.
And for once Steven was grateful for being able to finish his chores before Compline which gave him a lot of time to rest, humming a toneless lullaby to his son who held his pendant in his hands, blinking his eyes open every time he closed them. "Mama…" James whispered after a while making Steven hum and look at his son who was furrowing his brows. "Why can I not smell your scent anymore?" James asked in a confused voice, his words causing Steven's muscles to lock in shock, fear rising inside of him as everything made sense. "Mama?" James called out but Steven couldn't even move a muscle as the horror of what his son informed him finally sink…
"What do you think? It is really the Shield, you talked about?" Petrus asked, leaning on James's shoulder to get a better look at the metal in Anton's hands. Anton gazed at James, watching closely how the small boy touched the Shield with wide disbelieving eyes, making Anton tilt his head, wondering why the extreme reaction to something so… useless.
"You attacked the Omega? Is that all? Do I need to remind you about how you attacked my son?" Starkad snarled, his fury made panic and fear fall upon everyone, even Loki and Thor shifted in their places, tensing every second that passed, the king was a few seconds from killing with his bare hands; everyone knows not to touch the little prince because it meant death; no matter what people's opinion about the little pup was, and how some were angry that Starkad will ignore his duty of marrying a beautiful maiden and settling down and producing heirs, their king was content with taking care of a child born out of wedlock; it doesn't matter to the Alpha though, for touching his boy was the fastest way for someone to be thrown into the sea after being tortured nearly to death.
Tony gulp wondering what he was about to do, on one hand, Tony can make a run for it and hide in his workshop until the end of time, hoping that the Avengers won't go after his ass when they learn of Fury and his organization fate. On the other hand, Tony can man up and tell the Avengers what happened to S.H.I.E.L.D., hoping that they will understand it wasn't his fault and that it was Steve who destroyed the place with his Ma. All in all, everything promised Tony nothing but death and humiliation either by the hands of his friends or by Steve's hands… life sucks…
"Your little sister, I am sure Peter and you would be grateful that she has a room of her own very soon," Tony stated, laughing when Harley scrunched his nose in confusion before skipping to go and check on the big giraffe and lambs plush with interest painting his eyes.
"I… I have a child…" Steve choked out, tears running down his face as Bucky tightened his hold, even more, not allowing Steve to move his body away, not even an inch; as much as Steve ordered his body to move, his legs were frozen in place, terror coursing through his body.
Nazaki-Sama
"Well, it wasn't my fault that the real Captain fucking America was an Addams!" Tony pouted, making Rhodey tilted his head in confusion; oh, right, no one knows that Steve Rogers was the real Captain America before Bucky Barnes took over, it was a tight kept secret that only S.H.I.E.L.D. and few of the government official knows… fuck the military and their need to cover everything up.
"Tony Carbonell." Tony finally said with a sad smile, remembering his mother's sacrifice for him, his words made the man hum and waving Tony when he gave him the money, telling him to get moving already if he wanted to reach the town before dark, which made the teen give a small smile before rushing toward his car, shaking all the way when he rushed out of the gas station, feeling like someone was following him but there were no cars behind…
I hope this helps!
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's back and Steve rubbed his hands up Tony's arms to settle on his shoulders. He fingered the buttons questioningly and Tony gave his permission in a soft tightening of his embrace. After a few moments, they broke apart for air. Not breaking eye contact Steve slowly opened the buttons and pulled the shirt off Tony's shoulders. Tony let him, staring at Steve's face in turn. When the shirt lay carelessly on the floor; Steve followed his example by pulling off his shirt.
When he hit his six months sober mark, his friends surprised him with a party, everyone hugged him telling him how proud they were of him, he saw his father that day, his father who hugged him and refused to let him go, telling him over and over again how sorry he was, and how proud of him he was, and that he was finally opening his eyes, and saw how wrong he was all alone, how he saw what Stane was after all alone, he was told that Stane was finally out of their lives, Tony cried that night, holding his father, he never felt this close to his father since his mother's death. It ends up with SI changing its detraction from war into clean energy; Tony was never proud of working with his father as he did now.
If only he knew that he was one of those Omegas that can carry pups out of heat, then he wouldn't even allow Rogers to stay within ten feet radar of his whereabouts. Tony let out a sniff, looking at his belly in deep thoughts, wondering what is he going to do now, for he knows he can't raise the baby all on his own, in fact, Tony was sure he will break any second now, he can't even take care of himself probably, but a crying, sniffling, too much work baby? Tony will kill himself now just to get rid of the mounting pressure that seemed to increase.
Going inside, Steve paused when he saw James curling around himself, holding his head with both of his hands as he was lying on the floor, his breath coming out in short gasps as he choked on a whimper that wanted to leave his throat, and Steve didn't know what to do, should he rush to the man or should he call Tony?
As the days to his appointment get closer, Steve starts losing hope of Tony ever noticing what was going on around him, and when Steve started to talk about the appointments and how it was in a few days; Tony only hummed and nodded as he worked on his laptop ignoring the words Steve said, which left the Omega a little hollow and pained at his husband's ignorance.
Didn’t he realize that Peter got worse after that day? He will probably notice if he listens to what Steve said, but it was like there was a barrier between the two of them, a barrier so strong and high, that the Alpha wasn’t even acknowledging their son; their son who start getting worse after that stressful day, who was running a fever, their son who spent most days now throwing up than keeping his food down, their son who always wake up with a nightmare and can’t sleep if Steve wasn’t there with him, their son that if Tony kept his head out of his ass and with them for a little while, he would have realized that the appointment was not for May, but for Peter, who was sick and needed a doctor, he needed Dr. Anna too, and knowing Steve’s luck, his baby was spending at least a couple of weeks in the hospital to get better because he may have caught some infection from the germs that bastard Rumlow had.
"If you were listening well, foolish brother of mine, you would have seen that this is not." Loki snarled, the smirk wiped from his face replaced with a dark look as he gazed at his brother for a few more seconds before turning to look at Tony, who was holding into Steve tightly afraid of letting him go least he was a mirage that would disappear. "I made a deal with Queen Hela of Hel, she agreed on releasing the Ancient One's soul, in for a price I will not disclose," Loki said, huffing and raising his nose at Thor who seemed to calm down and for his face to turn from that of angry person to a hopeful one. "The one you see in front of you is your Steve, the only thing that is different about him is that he is a full adult human with no magic or divine powers or immortality, considering that his original body was destroyed a year ago." Loki's words caused more tears to trickle down Tony's face, and he turned his sight to Steve only to see the hopeful and joyous look on the former star's face. "Have I paid my debts?" Loki's questioned was targeting Steve, Steve whose lips were wobbling as he tried to stop himself from sobbing; Steve seemed to only manage to give a nod, probably too worked up to say anything without him crying.
And wasn't that a killjoy? The thing that Tony loves unconditionally after his son, hate his guts… Tony really should write a book about his life, he was sure that it would have won a prize of some sort, maybe the prize of the most pitiful person in the universe, because really, what's the chance of his lucky star having a curse put on him and ended up a human? What were his chances that the star will fall on top of him and drag him with it into the unknown? It was zero to none… that's why he hates magic, not one day in his life was good when magic was involved.
Reaching Peter's room, Tony let out a hum when he finally managed to put Harley in bed ruffling the boy's hair before he went to Peter's closet looking through it before he finally took out soft pajamas with cars all over it, returning to Harley's side shortly after. Changing Harley's clothes while the boy slept was difficult, especially when the boy kept grumbling and moving around; in the end, Tony managed to do it and change Harley's dirty clothes with the clean ones, having practiced on Peter for two years to gain this skill. Tony though couldn't stop smiling when Harley let out a happy purr before he turned around and snuggle into the pillow. The sight made Tony's heart give a pang, to think that the small boy who made a place for himself in the Rogers family would run away; just the thought alone broke Tony's heart; especially when the boy didn't even think of contacting them.
Taking a deep breath, Tony marched to the door and knocked on it, not wanting to do something stupid and kick the door in a demon's face; he has enough of Steve hunting him, he doesn't want another thing that will. The door opened by itself, which caused Tony to close his eyes tightly and march inside, ignoring the chill running down his spine when the door slammed shut behind him. He didn't even turn around, his eyes taking in the room that he gave to Steve months and months ago, the first time he came to live with them. Surprisingly, the room was the same as the day Tony decorate it, nothing had changed other than the belonging that Steve brought with him or stole as time pass.
"Thank you, Mr. Stark, for stopping the kidnapper." The Alpha said which made the Omega look down and nod his head. "Come on Mr. Stark I am sure you want to return home." The Alpha said which made the Omega look at the watch then around the place looking for someone.
"Do you know the reason for the Omega disappearance?" Natasha was the one who asked that question after the silence blanket the place, her mind going into overdrive trying to think of every possible direction that Howard took to get rid of the Omega, from killing the pregnant Omega to threating him that he had to flee for his and his pup safety, Natasha was mentally looking in her connections wondering who she could ask that will give her information about any Omega who disappeared between 1998, when Tony met the Omega to 2000 the first interview with Tony Stark as the man starts his playboy ways in 1999.
"That damn organization was destroyed; I saw the Red Skull gets destroyed before I crash in the ice." Steve said, just thinking about Hydra made his blood boil, they were the reason he lost everything he cares about, and hearing about them made Steve want to scream, hit or break something, Steve could feel Peggy's concern gaze on him, but he did nothing other than glare.
Screams of his names rang loudly around him, not that Steve was paying them a lot of attention as his hand went to the source of his hurt and pain; when he pulled his shaky hand away, he saw it painted red, causing Steve to 'Oh' silently trying to make sense of what happened just then; that's when darkness took hold of him…
"OK… yeah, let's do it." Tony smiled in the end, shushing his girl when she started to get fussy and whiny. In the end, Tony knew that he had to choose, and his choice will always be protecting his girl from whoever wanted to harm her, be it Stane and his father, or this strange town with the strange monster that lived in the lake.
"Bruce always had this calming aura about him, I just asked for his help and he agreed." Steve told Jarvis which made the older man smile and for his eyes to fall on the pup and his mother who were sleeping contently.
"For now, let's take him to rest, we can decide how to help him when he wakes up." Peggy instructs after a while of tense silence, which made everyone nod their heads, trying not to feel as awkward as they did after Thor's explanation…
"I know Peg, but if you went to him now, he will do something stupid, take it from me, I have been married to his counterpart for more than two decades and I have known him for a decade and a half before that, when something gets in Tony's mind he won't leave it, no matter how much he knew it was stupid and pointless." Steven said which made Peggy growl at that a little and start spacing in the library tugging her hair a little.
"I will kill him, I will kill them all! All of them!" The sound of the witch's snarls rose higher and higher in pitch as she used her magic to grip anything within her sight and throw it at the concrete walls, breaking the woods into pieces as she shrieks and hisses and let loose, unaware that she was being eyed with distaste.
Now to answer your question about:-
That threat made Tony look at the ceiling with wide eyes, not believing what he was hearing, he was just sassed to death and back by this AI and he sower he saw his mother's ghost looking at him like an angry beast when he heard Edith's words. "Who made this AI? I demand to know the bastard so I will kill him!" Tony said after turning to Steven who was trying to hide his laughter with a cough and failing miserably at that.
Now don't get Steven wrong, the Alpha wouldn't mind being asked questions left and right, but what really bothered him were the comments he was at the end of, from the 'OH MY GOAD HE IS HOT!' to the 'Damn those glass really made him look sharp and handsome...' to the most unsavory… 'I wonder if he is a Daddy…' and it doesn't help that Steven start growing his beard a little, something about not wanting to be mistaken with his younger counterpart, and really Steven was about to say fuck it and run to the hills, being mid-forties only made people drool more which scared him to no end, thankfully Edith was giving him answers to read and say out loud because knowing him, he would have started cursing like a sailor an hour ago, I mean who will handle a press conference that was two hours long and was still going on?
That caused Tony to ponder, and he ended up feeling even more like shit when he realized that ever since he met Rogers he did nothing but scream in his face, insult him, and threat him, and yesterday it turned out to physical harm, something that Tony never ever did! Sure Rogers destroyed his mansion, but his teammates done worse to the house than Rogers ever did, sure he turned his beautiful gardens into a Pet Cemetery, at least it was better than Loki trying to rise all those demons possessed cats against them and sure, Rogers had everyone Tony knew under a spell that caused them to fall in love with him, but he never acted physically with them or use them even when they were more than willing.
"Maybe you should tell us everything from the beginning, hopefully, it will make you feel better." Steve said which made Sam pause a little and then start word vomiting like his life depend on it, which to say the truth his sanity depends on it. Sam told them about how months ago a young Omega came to him in hope that he will able to find his son, about his parents giving his pup in close adoption, about him finding about the pup and his family, about the pup being dead with his foster father while the mother was still in coma, how he had to tell the Omega that his son was dead, and how the Omega ran away as fast as he can after that.
The breath left his body, and he felt like he was going to pass out any minute now, he felt like the room was getting smaller and smaller and he was stuck in here with no way out. His breath hitches and he felt the tears he couldn't control anymore slid down his face.
So what do you think?
It was for a second… maybe more than a second… but felt his hand being squeezed weakly; causing him to look at his mate once more (He doesn't even know since when he turned his sight away). His mate, his Steve, his love, looked up at him for a second, looked up at him and gave him a tired smile, even with the pain wracking his body; a smile that caused Tony to lose the strength in his legs and fall down on the floor beside the bed, his eyes losing all the life in them when he finally realized the meaning of that smile.
Steve couldn't help the tears from falling this time, he can already feel himself slipping away from the living world; Steve, Steve was grateful that at least Tony was the last thing that he was going to see before leaving this world. "Tony… I… I am sorry…" Steve gave a wobbling smile, how funny it was, how funny it was that Steve pinned for centuries upon centuries, wishing to finally to be with Tony, his Anton… and just when Steve finally had the chance to be with the love of his life, it was snatched from him without his consent… it wasn't fair.
The quiet was more unnerving than the stumping and breaking glass Tony heard, causing his heart to pound in his chest at the thought that the intruder discovered Tony's plan and now is after his baby. "I know you are here!" The furious voice of Peggy Carter caused Tony to inhale sharply, any new plan he was about to make was forgotten at the sound of the woman's voice. "I gave you enough time to come to the kids' room to wake them up." Carter continued, unaware of Tony being frozen in his hidden place, shock and horror of what could have happened to Peter and Harley had the woman found his babies made nausea nearly overcome him. "…I will let you and your son, leave Mr. Stark, I promise you that, just hand me Peter and everything is going to be alright." That snapped Tony out of his daze and he gazed at the closet door like it was the answer to this unsavory situation, his hand going to his belly caressing it as he tried to calm himself.
When the team reached the Stark mansion, they were greeted with screams and the sound of shooting, that made the team run as fast as they can toward the sound of Maria Stark ordering Tony to stand down, but the Alpha was having none of that as he snarled and the sound of shooting continued.
It was four weeks later after the day in the hospital that Steve finally decided to give Tony a real chance, and the Alpha really couldn't fault him, after all, his Omega spent the last eleven years of his life thinking that Tony left him and their child and that he was nothing but a toy the Alpha played with until he got tired, something that always made Tony curse Howard to hell and back, so Steve obviously has big trust issues that considered Tony, something the Alpha needs to do something about.
"What happened? What did she do that she turned out to be a taboo subject that no one talked about?" Tony finally dared to ask, causing the Alpha to shift in his place, mind going in circles as he tried to find the reason why the woman was hated by the Rogers.
"You mean your bastard child?" Natasha snipped, still angry that after all these years, Steve didn't give her any passing thought if it didn't include him hexing her or scaring her to death. I mean the woman went into an early midlife crisis and dye her hair blond, what the hell?
Anyway, Tony can easily say he was nervous as hell, which was not good, not good at all. Yes, Tony can say he is good with kids, everyone can say that, hell even Steve says that, because Peter used to be afraid of Omegas, but Tony helped him; the thing is though, it was Harley Keener, a boy that didn't seem to recover even after a long time in the clinic's orphanage, who still wary of Omegas.
All that shall be answered in the next chapter!
"Everything will be perfect for our children. That's a promise, Steve." Tony says one night after they've made love; both of them snuggling closely under the cover and listening closely in case that Peter will sneak into their room to sleep with him, 'So that his baby sister won't feel scared', Peter always claim.
Tony was never there anymore, he was always busy to even say one word to Steve, he stopped eating with them, spending more and more of his time in the lab, more and more time away from Peter, didn’t Tony know that Steve and him don’t have that much time with Peter? That Peter was sick and that even with the high rate of leukemia patients recovering, there was still a chance that there was something going to happen?
Steve drew his hands over Tony's chest and sides, tweaking the Omega's nipple. His right hand found Tony's shaft and grasped it. Stroking up and down and rubbing through the wetness at the tip and collecting it on his hand, swallowing every pleasured sound Tony made with a kiss. Meanwhile, his left hand stroked lower and found the Omega's hole. Tony was slick and Steve carefully inserted a finger, feeling Tony tense against him.
Thankfully Peggy and Bucky seemed on board with helping Steve not embarrass himself more than he will if he dared to dance with Tony. That was the start of Steve's two weeks of beginner's guide to ballroom dance, which so far ended with Steve feeling like an idiot and Bucky complaining about having sore feet, which caused Steve to feel guilty and offer him a foot rub. The foot rub offer always ended up with Peggy smacking Bucky and warning Steve about Bucky taking advantage of his kindness… these two were strange.
"Yeah, he finally decided to clean his room," Tony stated, his lips twitching up at the groan he heard Steve let out, it seemed that Steve was feeling the same as Tony was on how Peter was becoming slop. "Dad called, he is going to be here in an hour, half an hour if the meeting finished earlier; as for Ma she said she coming after swinging by your favorite cake shop," Tony explained as he started to unload the grocery, putting them in their place in the fridge and smiling when he saw Steve put the non-perishable in the cupboard.
Today is the day… Today is the day and it had finally arrived; the big day that Tony dreamed about for years. Disbelieve, hope, joy, fear, wonder, and most importantly love, all swirled in Tony's heart and mind, causing him to be left breathless as his mind went wild with hope. Tony could only gaze at the mirror in front of him, his eyes wide with wonder as he took in the sight in front of him; the white suit hugged his body like a lover's embrace bringing out the best of him, the hair that was styled in a way that made him a perfect mix of feminine and masculine, the light makeup highlighted his eyes, and painting his lips pink, the pretty flowers in his arms, the glowing skin… Tony couldn't believe this was him.
Dr. Ross was usually sitting on her normal seat humming a little to herself as she once again asked him that famous question that Tony wanted to scream every time he heard the doctor repeat at the start of every session. "How are you today?" She will ask after he got comfortable in his own chair, which made all the comfort that Tony manages to get disappear just like that.
What happened next was nothing short of a blur, the only thing that Tony remembers from it was Ty shocked exclaiming that turned into shrieks of horror and then him begging; Tony could only curl around himself when Ty let go of him, he could do nothing but coughing and sobbing, pressing down on his belly where the knife hurt him, ignoring the deafening scream that was cut off all of sudden, too busy fritting over his baby to care about what's happening around him. The freezing hand on his belly made him flinch and raise his blurry eyes to gaze at the person towering over him, the eye contact only lasted a minute with Tony catching the glowing blue eyes…
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, a little bit of violence, Steven being an overprotective AF, and Tony is a little shit! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Calm down a little! I am sure we can reach an agreement! Hey! Don't shake me, I will bite!" The raccoon hissed and growling only to let out a whimper when Steve looked at him harshly… it seemed that Steve's reputation of being the harshest and cruelest star there was precede him… a reputation Steve gained after being abandoned by his people.
That was his answer after that Natasha was a little soft on him, he could see it in her actions, she stopped being harsh with her questions and didn't ask him that much
The Omega heard a hum from behind and a sigh, making the younger man smile at the thought of the Alpha waking up, and his smile widens when the Alpha behind him start giving him slow kisses on his neck and shoulder, making the Omega let out a happy sigh, trying to hold into his giggles as the beard tickled him. "Good morning…" The Omega was finally able to breathe out these words, which made the Alpha hum at that and kiss his neck a few more times before stopping.
"Explain." Her father ordered, and for the thousand times, Nebula tried to reign in her disgust; her father always gets like this when he was talking about
"Oh, she did, she screamed at him loudly to get his butt out in the front lawn, and then she acted like she has a lunch date with your mother, I never saw an Alpha fidget so awkwardly as him." Tony smile at the chuckle he got from Steve, which made butterflies become crazy in his tummy, he was not a teenager anymore, but God if Steve didn't make him feel like one. "But at least it beats that one time when an Alpha fainted on top of me for being Tony Stark." That got a laugh from Steve as the Alpha shook his head, the smile dominating his face. "So what about you? Cap, any interesting stories of Winnie's matchmaking?" Tony asked getting hum from the Alpha as he leaned back.
At hearing that voice Tony gave a sob making Pepper give an alarming cry at that. "H-he is alive, Pepper. He is alive, and he lied to me!" Cried Tony before Pepper could say anything.
"My, my, what's the occasion, Pete, finally deciding that your bear needs a company? I'm sure I would have bought him a new friend if you asked." Tony cooed softly, causing Peter to give a giggle. "Why don't you look at that, we reached the car!" Tony said with a grin, which caused Peter to pout, probably thinking that he will be put in the backseats with the seatbelt around him, something that he was right in thinking of.
"We will see when we go home, now wave goodbye to your father." Tony said when Steve's phone starts ringing for the second time which made the Alpha sigh tiredly and waved to both the Omega and pup before he answered his phone and start screaming at whoever was on the other side causing Tony to laugh at that and wince a little… poor Alpha! "So what do you think of having breakfast before going to meet the bots?" Tony asked which get a grin from the pup, which made Tony's heart flutter in his chest as the two of them walked toward his house…
Will it be like the past all over again? When Antone's son died and Antone couldn't go on, killing himself and condemning his people to die out because he can't handle the grieve? Will it be like the past once more? Steve being forced to watch from the sideline as Tony and his family got hurt again?
But looking at this modern and cozy house that emits love and family, it made Bucky wonder… what will have happened if he asked Steve to be his mate? If he just suck it up and pretend that everything was perfect, he knows that he finds Steve attractive, so sleeping with him would be no problem, and he probably wouldn't have met Stark, the two of them will probably live here too, raising the pup that Steve had without the Omega struggling to raise him all alone… but he knows Steve, he knows that Steve will hate himself if he felt that Bucky was with him out of obligation not out of love, he knows that the Omega will leave preferring for his heart to break than force Bucky to live in their sham of a mating, he knows that Steve was gentle and amazing and loving and that he deserves more than what Bucky or even Stark was able to give.
"What about the pup?" Steve said desperately, that question made Maria froze, and she nearly fell on the floor if a shocked Howard didn't take a hold of here, Angie leaned heavily on Peggy, who was trying to hold herself and her mate up.
And her spouse, Bucky Barnes, and what kind of names is Bucky or Peggy? Steven is still struggling to figure out. So far no luck. And there we have the birdbrain who prefers to put on too many purple, still irritating, not much to be told about him because Mrs. Carter warned him to stay away from Steven. Then we have the redheaded woman whose name turned out to be Natasha. Not that Steven was introduced to the woman who seemed visible one second and invisible the next. Then we have Dr. Banner who by far was the most rational and reasonable one out of them, the calmest even, Steven doesn't mind spending most of his time with the friendly doctor if only Tony doesn't spend most of his walking time beside the doctor. There was also Thor, but the man ceased being as irritating as when he met Steven for the first time, Steven at least trained him out of panicking every time Steven let out a groan of exasperation. And not to overlook how Steven was transferred from the tower he was in when they arrived into a mansion deep in the woods that Tony owned, something about being prepared to protect him here entirely, with no causalities, causing Steven to roll his eyes hard.
Tony couldn't help his right eyes from twitching, his left hand twitched too, Tony really, really, really, wanted to say to the hell with it and go beat Howard to a pulp. Really? Seventeen years and the first words out of that geezer's mouth is
A small smile took over Steve face at thought of finally seeing his husband again, a shining light shined before his closed eyes and there was unbearable pain after, the last thing that crosses his mind was Tony's young face smiling when he heard the first love confession Steve told him years and years ago, before Pepper and Morgan, and Civil War, and Ultron…
At times like this, Anton wished that Petrus was with him, at least then the two of them would have discovered the forest side by side, with Anton teaching his son everything that he needed to know about the nature that surrounded them. Fortunately for Petrus, but unfortunately to Anton; the little pup became too attached to the queen and the queen's babe. Which meant six-time out of ten, the pup is near Steven or anywhere near him; nine out of ten, Petrus was with James the two of them exploring the village and the forest surrounding it, bringing trouble to Anton's home, if the two of them were up to mischief.
that got a sniff from Margaret as the woman let out a sob.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, feelings, a little bit of fluff, crying! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Steven asked as he walked next to the bars looking at the cells that the servants were thrown into, trying to see his friends' faces hoping that they are fine, that they weren't hurt bad, now Steven can only hope to master a good enough plan to be able to free his people from slavery… it made him shiver at the dark fate that is going to wait for them if Steven's plan didn't work… he wondered if the Iron King will be easy to seduce, because other than his body, Steven has nothing to offer to the man.
Tony could only smile as he shuffled closer to Steve, not that there was any space between them, to begin with, but Tony couldn't help himself, he just snuggled into Steve's warmth and took him in, smiling happily as he felt his heart pound in his chest as butterflies made themselves known in his stomach. A groan was heard a few minutes later, informing Tony that Steve was waking up.
"I see, so you are an outside girl, unlike Daddy, huh?" Tony asked as he snuggled his girl, kissing her forehead, which earned him more cooing and what could pass as a laugh from a baby of three weeks of age. "What do you think about having a picnic with Daddy, hmm?" Tony asked going inside the house once more and start shushing his baby when she scrunched her nose in displeasure. "Just wait for a few seconds, baby. Daddy needs to make the picnic basket." Tony cooed, as he found the baby bag, a few books, snacks, and took a sheet with him outside.
To say the truth, the king had not sent Nattalegg to get the information she wanted from the Omega, nor she was instructed to torture him and get what they wanted… but she was simply… intrigued… she was intrigued by an Omega who stood with his head held high and gazed at death's face with a glare rivaling even his. She was intrigued by how a single Omega was able to change their king's mind when in fact the king was known to be the most stubborn man to live. And she was intrigued about whom the Omega actually was because not one of her spies told her that the Hydra king was mated or had a child… the Omega was a blank page, and she wondered where his place in all of this was.
"I called work today, so I have a day off." Tony explained which made the boy's eyes widen a little at that. "And you forgot something baby, Papa can't punish you without me, so technically you are not grounded yet, do you know why?" Tony questioned with a grin stretching his face, causing the small pup to let out a smile of his own.
"Tell me, Bucky, what's it like when you normal people go on a date?" Steve asked, curious about the answer Bucky will give him, for Steve going on a date meant many things, usually, his Ma used to take him to the forest in the witching hour for them to dance and cast spells, something that he thought Tony will have enjoyed considering that he never slept in the witching hour, always humming and singing, and banging with his hammer, for Steve that would have been a perfect first date, they can move to hunt ghost and demons on the third date, but for normal people, Steve was clueless to how they communicate with each other.
"Amazing…" Steve's voice is reverent, impossibly awed. One of his hands moves from Tony's hip, slipping low behind Tony's ass and rubbing where they're joined. "Tony." Steve let out a shaky grunt and for the first time since the night started; Tony heard Steve's control start to slip. Tony clenched around Steve, and he was rewarded by a guttural moan from his Alpha and a stuttering thrust. "Perfect, you're so
"I do not think that you are in any position that can grant you any wish you want." The king said with a cold voice and narrowed eyes making the Omega look at him with harsh eyes, and the Alpha despite himself, he was a little excited to see what sharp words the Omega will throw his way, what kind of risk the Omega will take just to protect his pride.
"You know, Tones, it makes it… less hard to go back to New York. Knowing that you probably won't be dead in a ditch before the week's out." That was Rhodey who continued, causing Pepper to send him a knowing smile, and for Tony to pout, shoving food inside of his mouth, swallowing it before giving his answer.
…" The second part of Howard's speech, informed Steve that the man was talking with himself, not really paying Steve any attention, which normally will make Steve go on and on about disrespect.
The slow smile that took over James's faces made a shiver run down his spine, especially the smugness that dripped from it. "I think that Steve will prefer a killer over someone who ignores their own child and mate, don't you think?" James answered sweetly as he pointed to the envelope in Tony's hands causing the Alpha's eyes to widen.
"Steve?" Tony's voice was the reason that Steve's muscle tense, the memory of last night rushing to him, leaving him a shaky mess of confusion and pain and betrayal, tears prickle his eyes and he tried to stop shaking as he remembered what happened yesterday, how his husband returns home drunk, and how he started fighting with his brother, acting like Steve's opinion was nothing. "Oh, thank God babe, you made the two of us worry about you last night when you fainted!" Tony's words were the reason that Steve let out a noise of protest and raise himself into a sitting position, ready to snap at Tony to tell him that he was the reason for his passing out and that Steve didn't pass out for no reason!
"Calm down, sweetheart…" Steve murmured in his ear, and Tony turned around to give Steve a piece of his mind too, no one was going to tell him to calm down while his baby was probably traumatized by his grandparents. Turning to Steve, he saw how soft the Alpha's eyes were, taking Tony with awe and love… love shining so strong that it left Tony breathless. "They left him alone for five minutes before they ran back to him; Peter told me the two of them were so scared that they start crying in the supermarket… I don't think it's a good idea to remind them of what happened." Steve stated, his lips twitched up in a devilish smile, which informed Tony that Steve will use this information to his advantage and as blackmail material, Tony had really married the devil… nice.
Tony gazed at his (Ex?) friends as they flinched at the harsh look in Steve's eyes, Tony even saw Bucky and Natasha take a step back; probably fearing that Steve will turn them into flies this time and try to kill them by dumbing them with a hungry spider… wow, wasn't Tony's imagination running wilder now? "Remember the deal…" Tony gritted out, even if he wanted to not die, Tony can't have Steve turned the Avengers to whatever he liked, not when an attack on the world could happen any minute now.
Before Tony can think of a better quip to fire back, the doorbell rang, causing both Steve and Tony to break their embrace and look at each other with confusion wondering who was knocking when their friends don't usually knock as much as a barge in. "You think it's one of Peter's friends from school?" Tony asked, trying to remember if they forgot about someone from Peter's school, Ned, MJ, and Harry, were in the backyard with a few of their classmates that Peter enjoys their company.
"No, father, not those! The one with the star in the middle of it!" Petrus exclaimed, his words causing Anton to tilt his head in confusion, a Shield with a star in the middle? He never saw a Shield with that kind of insignia before. Wait! A star in the middle? His son didn't mean…
The sound of breaking glass made everyone look at Howard whose eyes were wide. "I'm such an idiot!" Howard exclaimed as he scrambled to stand up, Tony looked at his father like he had lost his mind, did his father called himself an idiot? Did Tony break him? What happened?
"Mama, look, I am holding her!" Harley called, causing Tony to turn his attention to his baby, a smile taking over his face as he cooed and purred, opening his arms for Harley and Peter when they rushed to him and he held his kids tightly in his arms as he kissed their heads. Yes, Tony doesn't need his father to tell him… he knew… all thanks to Steve who gave him the strength to face the demons that dominated his life for years now. Tony was really happy that he met Steve and Peter in the park that day, if he didn't he wouldn't have this amazing life; looking at his children Tony purred and nuzzled them…
Tony doesn't know when he fell from the sky, but by the time he fell face-first into the muddy ground, Tony was pretty sure that he was miles and miles away from his teammates or any civilization for that matter, and to make things worse, his fucking suit was not working, which again was a thank to that fucking meteor and whatever that bunches of dead rocks with a magnetic field did to him and his suit… just his luck…
Tony always hated the days he had to go to his therapy, they weren't many now as they were before, reduced to two times a week instead of three, but still, it was draining, it left Tony hollowed, and it made him cry every night when he was sure that Peter nor Steve will hear him, because he was always so, so tired, when he was forced to remember every detail that Dr. Ross made him remember, it was like a rotten wound that wasn't given the chance to heal (Never given and never would) always getting picked on over and over until there was nothing but a bleeding mess.
asked which caused Thor to growl in fury and take a step toward the archer making the said archer lifts his hands in surround hoping that Thor won't run after him.
"How idiotic can you be?" Bruce had snapped at the doctors after freeing the Omega, glaring at them like he was ready to slaughter them, Bruce's voice made everyone turn to him to see the Beta hissing at the idiots cowering in the corner. "We have an Omega with a three years old pup! Even first-year college students know not to separate the mother from his pup until he is at least five years old, last the Omega's instincts thought the child is dead and fall into heat! A heat that will kill the Omega because he is weak! Steve, try to roll the child's bed here…" Bruce screamed and curses a little more.
