“No! YOU need to get out of here.”
"But you don't have to give me anything, Tony. I don't want you to pay me for being married to you."
“Mr. Rhodes,” Steve said when he came running in, “what are you doing here? You need to get out, go!”
So yeah, not a fun adventure for Tony, and things only seemed to get worse.
"Your work is important to you, and it's clear that it will always be more important than Peter and I, " said Tony breaking the silence and looking back at his husband, "but if I am going to live alone, if I am going to raise my son alone because of your job, I am going to do it legally. I am filling for divorce and I am taking full custody of Peter. I spoke to Matt and he'll make sure the process is as short as possible. With your job it is impossible for you to get joint custody, so let's do this the most amicable way possible. You will be able to visit Peter however many times you want...or can. I won't take that from you, you are his father and that won't change."
"He said he was visiting his parents."
"And then what, Steve?" asked Tony in a tired voice.
"Please, it's my treat."
"Such fighting spirit. It's a pity that humanity does not appreciate you Anthony Stark." An imposing figure approached from the shadows. He was huge, probably bigger than the hulk himself. "I have waited a long time to meet you Stark."
"So not long at all."
"I admire your bravery and tenacity Anthony, you would do well in my order and when I have achieved perfect balance in this entire universe I wish to retire, but I must leave someone in charge. I think you would do well."
"Steve," Tony began to look angry, "I don't know what the fuck you are talking about! You are not making sense."
"Don't try to turn this on them," the blonde growled, "it's very simple, I wanted to marry you and all you wanted was an expensive lifestyle, a sugar daddy."
"You could help me save this entire universe from itself, and then you would be the most powerful man in the universe. Join us Stark"
"Perfect, what's on your mind?"
Tony took a breath trying to keep the tears from his eyes.
He'd called him "love" like he'd always called him when they were a happy couple. It was a hard hit for both of them. But it made Steve realize something...
"You alright?" Tony just sobbed harder, curling into himself more. Steve sat next to him and waited for the sobs to subdue.
"Ah, right," the young man threw the pictures back at Steve, "the pictures your friends gave you. Let me guess, they asked a couple of questions too? And how long did it take for them to convince you?"
“Oh, no, no, no! What are you doing? That's my job.” Steve yelled.
"Are you serious? I am here every week! What makes yo-"
"Daddy!!" Peter got to his feet and ran towards him. After hugging him he took his hand and led him to the little table where he was playing with his friend, "Look at what Wade and I made!"
-----
The phone snapped in his hand and he ran to the bathroom barely making it as he became sick.
“Auto-destruct in one minute.” FRIDAY said.
"And where are you off to this morning Steve Rogers?"
"Hi Peter."
1942.
"Wh...wh.." Tony gasped for breath, "...why...?"
Steve had known the truth about his parents' death for years. He'd known when they fought Ultron. He'd known when he gave Tony shit about keeping secrets, the fucking hypocrite.
"Yo...u..... kno...w....m...e?" he managed to croak out.
"No problem." He led him to a nearby table.
"Father," he didn't recognize the breathy feminine voice that rang out, "We've found him. We've got Stark."
He broke down again.
Some time later, Tony's eyes startled open as he realized that he had no way out of that bunker.
It was hard to miss the loving looks exchanged by Steve and Barnes, the way the two of them just gravitated towards each other, the way that Barnes looked as if Steve had hung the moon and stars and the way Steve would burn the world for Bucky Barnes.
While he kept drinking that magic liquid that was already beginning to cloud his senses, he thought that if he went to Ireland tomorrow he would not be able to attend the divorce meeting with Tony in three days. For a fleeting moment he was glad that because of that his divorce would be delayed, but then he realized that this was the reason Tony was doing this in the first place. His continued failures, his constant abandonment despite him promising otherwise, and this time he had promised to take time off to be with his son and had informed SHIELD, and the rest of the team on this. If he now told Tony that he couldn't go, not only to the meeting but also to the trip to to the zoo that he'd promised Peter in a few days, he wouldn't be doing anything else besides proving him right.
Peter was sneaking through the back entrance that he usually used to avoid the main entrance to avoid drawing attention to himself. There are usually just a few employees who sometimes come and go from here; like some janitors, cooks, and medics all employed by Mr. Stark they usually only show up for an event or after a big battle. The Avengers usually take care of their own cooking otherwise.
“Oh- Hi Jasmine. I didn’t think you’d be awake so early even some of the senior members of the team still have to be dragged out of bed,” Pepper tells her. “Did you sleep okay?”
Tony could practically see the red alerts going off in his brain. If he goes up stairs with Steve he'll never get to his lab, but how can he refuse when he's giving Tony that look. The 'I love you and I like doing this for you because it make you happy look' that Tony hates but secretly loves. At this point Tony knows he's just staring at Steve like a love sick puppy, but what else can he do? His brain was frying.
If Tony was being honest, it had been one of the hardest things he’d ever experience. Seeing the man he loved not recognize him hurt something deep within him. This Steve Rogers didn’t trust Tony very much and had only allowed Tony to join the Commandos because he’d been ordered to.
The pain in chest grew immensely, tears blurred his vision and he dropped back down on his seat. Suddenly the past year was tainted. All those times Tony left for work, the times he left to visit his parents. He knew that Tony had his secret, but he figured they were personal things that the young brunette would one day entrust him with. Turns out that it was just his double life he'd been leading. It hurt to know it had all been a lie, that all those whispered words late at night had meant nothing to the young man. He wanted so badly to argue with his friends, defend his sweetheart, but all evidence pointed to his friends being right, they would never lie to him or hurt him purposely.
A few minutes later two slender figures walked towards him.
"And it's not fair, it's not fair that my 4-year-old is used to his father's absence, I already went through that and I don't want that for my son. It's not fair that even though I am married I have to be a single dad, because that's what I am. I can't keep forgiving you doing the same thing my father did my whole life, getting wrapped up on his job and leaving my mother and I to the side, which is what I always swore not to do with my kids."
They kissed again getting their fill of each other while they made up for lost time and left behind all the pain and sadness. Tony was ecstatic, his intentions were not to blackmail Steve with divorce into quitting his job, but he was selfish and he would openly admit that, and the fact that Steve would choose him over everything else made him forgive him instantly. He'd been worried that he'd be gone from his and his son's life, but it wouldn't be like that.
"30 million?"
"Tony, please..." begged Steve making one last effort to save his marriage.
"How could you?!" he demanded, aggressively releasing Tony's wrist and storming to the other side of the table.
Like many of bad situations in his life, this was all Reed Richard’s fault. He had asked Tony to consult in a time traveling machine, and in an effort to avoid dinosaurs to attacking New York he’d agreed. All he’d seen was a flash of blue light and then he’d been standing in Nazi Germany during WWII where he’d been found by The Howling Commandoes.
“If you die here, it'll mean I've never met you.”
There is a flash of bright light, and when Steve opens his eyes back up, Tony and the bomb are both gone.
"Tony, please forgive me." With tears in his eyes, Tony shook his head.
"Will anything I say even matter to you." Tony's voice was hollow, "it seems to me like you've already created this picture of me in your head." Steve turned to stare at him, Tony didn't meet his gaze.
"I do, you are not the only one cursed with knowledge."
"What happened? Are you okay? Were we robbed?" Tony hurried to Steve to check on the blonde. Steve stood up and stopped Tony from coming any closer, he grabbed a hold of his wrist.
"We've all met him, but you haven't met a single one of his friends Steve." Sharon pointed out.
“Yeah, I’m just sorry I didn’t get to know who he really was.”
He'd known over a year ago, he'd known when he leaned over the table to kiss Tony. He'd known when they tumbled into bed that same night. He'd known for the rest of their relationship, even when he whispered "I love you" late at night and when Tony had said it right back.
"Never." Thanos let out a disappointed sigh and got back on his feet.
"I think that's my line," Steve glowered back. Tony scoffed and shook his head, he unsteadily got to his feet. He took off the watch in his hand, threw it at Steve's chest and stumbled to his jacket.
“Let me do this!”
He went to the kitchen and open one of the compartments and took out a bottle of Asgardian mead that his good friend Thor had brought him. He didn't usually do these things, but by God did he need it today, he needed to drown his sorrows in alcohol.
"I love you," Steve had said.
That final thought made him pull at his restrains, he immediately slumped back in the bed his body still felt like he'd been run over by a bus.
“Just talking about the internship Mr. Stark” Peter tells him simply.
“Nothing,” answers Tony quickly “don’t worry about it,” he says trying to calm the situation.
Clint walks over to Thor and places a comforting hand on his shoulder “It’s alright big guy. You tried your best.”
"Well that was as boring as I expected it to be," complains Tony leaving yet another press conference. What's the point of going to these things if nothing ever gets done. Now he's bored, he hoped Pepper was happy with herself forcing him to come here. Why couldn't it have been another Avenger, like Nat, or Bruce (maybe not), his point being he shouldn't have to be the only member doing boring stuff. Steve, Natasha, and Clint go on super secret spy missions all the time while he's stuck doing busy work.
The room was decorated in a bunch of Avengers party supplies and almost everyone was there, Thor, Captain America, Black Widow, Falcon, Scarlet Witch, Vision, and even the Hulk…well Doctor Banner. Jasmine was a little disappointed that Iron man wasn’t there but everyone else was. The children from the orphanage all ran forward to talk to the Avengers, but now that they were all here standing in front of her Jasmine was a little nervous. Who should she talk to? What should she say? What if she said something stupid?
“That’s what?” questions Steve.
Tony and Steve chat; it's just a bunch of fluff!!!
Jasmine couldn’t help but be nervous as she climbed into the backseat of Mr. Starks fancy car. Especially since she didn’t exactly know where she was going. Peter climbed into the back with her because Mr. Happy was driving so Tony was in the front.
“Hey are you alright? You’re not hurt, are you?” asked Peter politely.
“What does… a-arrogant mean?” asked Jasmine slowly.
The moment he walks into the kitchen he can already smell the fresh coffee, "Fri, you truly are the best," he announces rushing over to the machine.
Once we boarded the elevator to get to the sixth floor Ms. Potts turned to us , “you guys have done really well and now here’s the part you’ve waited for-“ the doors to the elevator open and Jasmine can barely hear the rest of the announcement over the cheers of the others as they all bolt out the elevator. To greet the Avengers who were waiting for them.
Oh crap.
“I honestly didn’t think you were gonna show,” mutters Steve leaning down to whisper in his ear.
“All right kids, before you start eating I have a super special announcement,” starts Ms. Bean practically squealing. Ms. Bean had a weird idea of fun, the last time they had one of these ‘super special announcements’ they took a trip to the Modern Art Museum safe to say that was a disaster. She continues “on Saturday, we’ll taking at trip to the Avengers Tower!” she exclaims.
Tony clears his throat, “So, umm wanna get from under the table? Unless you don’t want to. I’ve gone though a few panic attacks myself and while I personally don’t like small spaces, if that works for you then you can stay there,” he informs her rambling. Him talking is something that usually calms Steve down when he’s having a panic attack, and a lot of the other Avengers also including himself.
“At the beginning of the week there was an undetected break-in located in boss’s lab at exactly 12:53 and lasted only about twelve seconds,” Friday informs them speaking from the comms each of them were wearing.
“A-am I in t-trouble,” Jasmine stutters on the brink of sobbing and potentially a panic attack. Tony’s dealt with a few of those himself.
“Wait are you saying…” Tony takes a few seconds to process this information before stopping abruptly “She’s the girl from the recording the one that breached the security,” mumbles Tony to himself, but apparently, he wasn’t quiet enough.
Steve and Tony had come out to the public as a could about three months ago, but they had been dating in secretly before then. Jasmine remember hearing about it all over the internet. People were going crazy, it was surprising, but not unexpected considering the perfect chemistry they have on and off the field.
-Jasmine-
(See the end of the chapter for
Which make Jasmine laugh for the first time in the last few days. Maybe she didn’t really have anything to worry about after all.
“You have really pretty eyes, and I can’t help but wonder why you’d cover your face. You even had it up for your Avengers ID badge,” Tony observes.
“Really? Because if you stare any harder at him you’ll burn a hole into the guy,” jokes Bucky. “I promise that he’s not nearly as arrogant and pompous as he looks. Between you and me Tony was actually really scared about coming today, so we made a deal to both show up and meet you guys”.
“Umm, what kind of training do you guys do here?” she questions wondering what a bunch of smart kids needed a training area like this for.
"I didn't reject you!" Steve was shocked apparently. "Yuh-uh you rejected me!"
Rhodey on caring for his best bro and friend, Tony, and on finding out about what he and Steve did.
"Steve" Tony started. The pained look still on his face. "The Nomad Voyage successfully landed on Earth despite the ship near being a wreck. All the crew was accounted for. All except their Captain." He took a steadying breath before looking at Steve in the eye. " That was 30 years ago."
“Oh, quit your posturing, Howard. Honestly, like you were not that bad” she chastised, Howard only huffed.
One night, it was storming. Tony woke up frightened. He decided to run to the attic. Perhaps his friend would keep him company until the storm subsided.
“I know. But I really do plan on asking him out, taking him out to dinner and all. You know, the works.” He shrugged and stood up, offering a hand to the brunet.
“Finally got your man, did ya?”
“Master James is simply angered by the fact that your little Captain failed to address his intentions—”
“I don’t think I’m ready for that yet, Maria.” His hand grasped just the slightest bit tighter. His mouth scrounged up as if it was trying not to let any sound out.
“Well, then your boy toy knows his shit. Expect screaming and a god-awful lot of overprotective brother bear times. Are we good?”
The following morning, when the staff and his parent's could not find the young master, police were immediately called. The search lasted weeks and they could not find anything.
Bucky turned away from the exchange and looked at Steve who was hiding a small smile behind his drink. He caught Nat’s look who nodded to Steve’s direction and then to Tony’s. Sam let out an amused huff before patting Nat’s arm to move to another location.
That put a stop to whatever they were doing. Tony still felt the simmering heat of arousal but it was diminishing. How could he expect Steve to feel the same way if just because of his kind, he was already losing interest in him? "
“There’s this thing…”
“I know” Tony ran a hand through his locks and he bit his lip. “But what if he doesn’t… I don’t” he sighed “What if he doesn’t, you know, accept it? I love Bucky, he’s the only one I look forward to seeing when I get home aside from Jarvis.” He let out a shuddering breath. “I like Steve. Like, like him so much that I don’t know what to do with myself. And I don’t know what I’ll do if I lose any one of them” He traced a finger on the sheets that very much smelled like him and Steve.
If not, he was going to kill him.
Which led to him chasing his blond ass in the middle of New York, yelling obscenities and profanities at him.
Steve ran like a mad man, hopping over cars and food stalls, trying to outrun his mad best friend.
“He’s not gonna kill you” he said finally. “And if he’s gonna be killin’ anybody, he’s gonna kill me for sleeping with his very much younger brother” Steve added with a smirk. Then his eyes widened at realization.
The same lost melody playing inside their hearts.
There was a mirror in the attic his father forbade anyone to see.
“It just happened, Jay” Tony’s face was a shade of scarlet from the fact that Jarvis had figured it out the moment he had seen him and Steve when they had arrived.
Steve's heart thunders inside his chest filling the ship with small talks as they float in space.
The symphony of colors decorated the sky, casting light and colors on everyone in the balcony. He took a quick glance at the two beside him as the lights painted on their skins, small smiles on their faces. Tony had been wide eyed and began spouting facts about explosions and gun powder and science without taking his eyes off the sky while Steve—Steve couldn’t take his eyes off of Tony.
“What’s almost-murder?” Natasha piped in.
“Howard!” Maria continued to chastise him.
“Bucky, wait! Wait! Wait!” Steve actually sounded fearful for his life.
Tony puts him on the extra sleeping pod the ship had and waited for Steve to get some proper rest.
He thought about how to break it to Bucky. How he’d handle the older brunet if he lashes out at him for bedding his beloved brother. Then he shrugged and walked to the closet to put on something to wear. No matter what Bucky thought about the matter, he wasn’t ever going to let go of Tony.
"W-where are we going?" Tony asked.
Tony doesn't wanna go back to earth yet but he knows he needs to because of Steve. Steve is so lost but the time they spend together, Tony catches him up on what he's missed over the years.
I'm picturing tiny tony in steve's palm hugging his thumb and kissing it.
“Alcohol. Lots and lots of alcohol.” He took the bagels and proceeded to stuff his face with one. He gulped it down and gestured for both of them to sit down.
He floated in space in his ship, doing his various duties. His faithful AI, being his only companion, his only source of social activity. But he liked the lonesome.
Meeting Steve was both exciting and painful.
“No, no! It was mutually and wonderfully consensual” he tried to calm his best friend down. A sigh was heard over the phone.
His dream since he could remember.
“I do not have a crush on Steve!” he shouted with an extremely red face
But Steve never told.
“I think I’m…” the teenager held back a sob and started pinching at his skin which the butler immediately put a stop to by holding both the brunet’s hands. A large teardrop rolled down the tan skin as Tony looked him in the eyes.
“What do I do, Rhodey? I can’t—I can’t like him, can I?” The genius told him the night he finally decided to lay it all out. “He’s literally a decade older than me and I know he just thinks of me as this—this kid! And he’s so far out there and I’m just—just… me.” He sagged against the darker skinned man as they sat in their dim lit dorm room.
“Tones, I swear to god, it is 6:16 in the a.m. Why are you—”
Then one thing led to another (I'm lazy whatever) and they were necking on Steve's bed.
. Tony thought. He remembered this night quite vividly as this was the night Tony had realized that he really was into Steve so much so that he spent the night soiling his sheets with only the blond on his mind.
Tags: Serum Shenanigans, Love Confessions, sort of Hanahaki Disease trope, Getting Together
They were okay. He smiled at the thought. They were okay.
“Tony, wake up.” Nothing.
On the night before the ship was to enter the Milky Way, they huddle together in their pod. Their hands seemingly having a mind of their own, carressing each other as if memorizing invisible patterns on their skin. Their foreheads touch and like magnets, their lips are drawn together.
Bucky was going to kill him.
This was it.
“So long as you’re happy.” He said with looking at Rogers with a calculating gaze which earned him another look of discomfort from the ex-army man. He hid a smile into Tony’s hair as he continued to watch the blond nearly trip over his own foot.
Bucky was going to kill him and yet he couldn’t feel shame or regret for doing what he did.
What they did.
looking at Steve from his tablet biting his lip.
To which his father replied,
When Tony was six years old, Steven was scarcely at the mansion. Jarvis could remember the times he found the young sir waiting at the front door, hoping that “Steve” would come and play with him. And how it broke his heart to see the child with tears in his eyes fall asleep in by the front door. Bucky would try and coax the younger child to come back to bed at hours too late for a child to be up and about. When Steve came back a few weeks later, he had come back with several gifts for Tony who had at first shunned the blond and ignored him. It took just a few minutes for the child to completely cling to the teenager and with a laughing Bucky at the background, it was one of the best memories the old butler had.
“You are such a little shit, Rogers” Tony chuckled at how factual his brother sounded.
The rest of the night was spent teasing the new couple as well as a few more shovel talks for Steve. They ate dinner and eventually had to go home. Rhodey was standing by the door, waiting for Tony to finish trying (and failing) to persuade Steve to stay the night. Steve just hugged his boyfriend and gave him a small peck on the lips even when Tony asked (demanded) more. Bucky kept glaring at Steve before ruffling his hair and saying goodbye. Steve eventually pried himself off of Tony to kiss him one last time.
He had shifted to his half-wolf form. Steve had never said he could shift! Instead of getting angry at the hipocrisy, Tony felt arousal bloom inside of him. "You're mine!" Steved growled out. "No one else gets to have you but me" he said as he licked at Tony's cheek.
"So you're not weirded out that I'm a 60 year old in a 30 year old body?"
Tags: A/B/O Dynamics, Alpha Steve Rogers, Omega Tony Stark, Howard Stark is a good dad, Exasperated Maria Stark, Serenading
“I’d never try to—” Steve tried to say but Rhodey cut him off with a glare
“Go ahead, Jay” he continued to tinker with the radio.
"Why? Does it matter what kind of demon I am? Oh wait now it does."
But he doesnt know that.
They’d been at the balcony waiting for the fireworks to start and Tony had been working on his tablet (which he proudly boasts his baby brother made when he was just 13—in your face, Richards!) while he and Steve were at the bar stools drinking with Sam and Nat. Sam was talking about some bullshit about being the fastest pilot to ever grace the US Airforce and Nat was rolling her eyes and taking sips of her vodka mix. He noticed Steve had gone silent and glanced at the blond who was
When Tony was eight years old, Bucky and Steve had enlisted for the army and was scheduled to a tour around the Middle East. This was one of the most difficult years for the entire household and especially for Tony. Steve had gotten over his illnesses and his body had started to build up. Jarvis himself had trained them for a few months and he was satisfied at how healthy and strong the two had become.  Tony had come back from boarding school to find that both his brother and Steve were about to leave. Tears were shed and there was screaming involved but with Steve and Bucky’s assurance that they would be back, Tony had reluctantly let them go. When they left, this was the time that Tony had thrown himself into his studies and projects. As Tony was a prodigy, a genius really, he had skipped several grades and was expected to enter high school at the age of ten.
“We never told Bucky”
"Forever and ever, Tony." The boy repeated.
“Right. You and me.” Tony repeated.
He was growling at Tony and for a second he thought
This took me a while to finish actually! It's about 2600+ words but I sort of struggled at the end. Only two more chapters for this series, please look forward to them.
” Steve snorted which earned him a half-hearted glare. He started kissing upward to Tony’s chest, hands roaming around the tanned body.
“That’s it? I’m freaking the fuck out and all you say is ‘oh’?” Another wave of panic shoots up his spine as he tries to sit down the bed. He yanked the phone away from his mouth when he let out a small whimper from the feeling in his ass.
Steve's being filled with too much love for Tony and now his body cant contain it. One day he starts noticing that he feels too huge for the sofa. And then he gets too huge for the doors and has to duck or squish his way through. He just keeps growing bigger and bigger that he seems like he's the size of the Hulk.
“I’d just like to express that whatever it is that you are thinking of, whatever it is that you are going through, know that I’ll always be here to support you.” Tony leaned on Jarvis as he closed his eyes. His hands had totally stopped from tinkering and laid them limply to the side.
“Moooom” Tony had groaned but immediately quieted from his mother’s glare.
“I gave him a headstart” the older Stark shrugged. “He ain’t gonna be that far. He’s too… Steve”
"Uh, what just happened?" He asked as his head got out of whatever instinct fog it had been in. He looked down at Tony and how wet his face is and how close their bodies were. He blushed , wolf ears folding down in embarrassment. Tony wanted to laugh but deep inside he thought
Steve just looked in awe. He came forward and raised a hand to one of the pasties. Tony was so aroused, he feels like the pasties might not be able to contain his nips at this point. Steve rubbed on one of them and raised his eyes to look at Tony.
He knocks on the door and immediately asks for Tony to come with him with an excuse and as they stayed downstairs, a crash resounded on the upper floor. Assuring Tony that everything would be alright and anything damaged can be replaced, he wanted to not clamp down the urge in him that told him that he had a right as someone who raised this young boy, to perhaps strangle the man currently being chased by the older brunet. But upon seeing the adoring smile on his young master, the urge dissipated. He saw the shine in his eyes and decided there and then:
“Tony, I want you to listen to me. Alright?” he said and felt the genius nod and let out a shaky breath.
It became a comfort song for him as he grew older. He would hum it whenever he was happy/content and especially on days he feels sad or lonely.
"Steve, what's the last thing you remember?"
“That’s different. That was me. But this is about—” he paused and gave a defeated sigh. Maria seemed to understand and just nodded. She took his hand and held it between hers as she sighed.
“Well, if Mr. Rhodes thinks that it’s not wrong, then perhaps it isn’t—”
“I already said I was sorry—” he started while looking around for possible escape routes “for not telling you I liked Tony”
“Just want ya to be happy, Tones.” He said with a small smile. And Tony, defying all odds, smiled even brighter.
Slow realization came upon Tony as he added, “He’s gonna kill you for not telling him anything”
When he finished putting on a pair of sweatpants and a shirt, he crouched down beside the bed, gently rousing Tony from his sleep.
When their equivalent of night comes, at first they slept on different pods. But as time passes them by, any and all boundaries they set have drifted away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And me” Clint supplied as Bucky just raised his fist up and the others just nodded and sounded their support.
There's a lot to talk about when there's only two of you in an enclosed space Steve likes JARVIS and thinks his pretty nifty. Tony's heart swells up in his chest.
He had worked his way up and trained his ass off to able to be one and despite protests from his parents, he was never deterred.
But he thinks he's gonna die so he might as well not regret telling Tony he loves the genius.
Picture being in that tower minding your own bussiness and suddenly you look out of the window and see a giant dick that is rubbing against it. (This might be added by fan or neb, I don't even remember anymore lol)
They walked back to the mansion to get tackled by a flustered and worried Tony who immediately checked on Steve for any lasting damages to his ‘beautiful being’.
"Do you know who you are?" Tony repeated in a slower way.
Hulk thinks he has a new buddy but Steve just keeps growing and now Hulk's a bit miffed someone is bigger than him
That’s how Steve finds him. His hair was wet from the shower and he only had a towel on his person. He couldn’t help but smile at the sight of Tony on his bed draped in soiled covers. Tanned skin partially hidden by the white sheets, it made him look even more ravishing. The shower helped eased his problem as he didn’t want to hurt Tony by overexerting themselves. It was Tony’s first time, well, first time with a man. And Steve had been ecstatic when he’d told him that the younger man had been saving himself up for him.
That night, he vowed that whatever happens, he’ll protect Tony from being harmed by anything and anyone. Even if it’s by a certain Steve Rogers.
“That’s not exactly something you say to your broth— Ow!”
"What are the odds, right?" Tony smiled.
They talk about everything. Tony talks of the lives Steve's crewmates have made for themselves. How Sargeant Barnes refused to settle down and demanded to keep searching the stars for Steve. How it was because of Barnes that Tony even got a chance to be in the program and reach this high.
“Then why are you calling?” he could hear the exasperation in Rhodey’s voice.
"Oh puh-lease. My dad is older than you and mom still got together with him. Time goes slower in space, no biggie!"
Holy shit.
He asked one day,
So he whispers his confession (he can't talk too loud or else he'll shatter every glass within a few miles).
A knock on the door was heard and all three looked when the it swung open.
And how right he was, as the next day, the two came home early in the morning carrying in a bag of what smells like freshly made bagels. He narrowed his eyes when the young master came in wearing what he assumes are Steve’s clothing as they were maybe a size or two too big on him.
And the others have been teasing him about it for a long time. Except Steve who always seems so quiet whenever they all bantered about his nips.
Finally, he was among the stars. And there were billions of them. Lightyears away yet he felt like he could feel them at his fingertips.
“I’m also fine, thanks for asking, dear brother” he teased his brother, “also,” he smacked Tony upside the head which earned him a loud ‘Ow!’ before glaring half-heartedly at the two. “That’s for not telling your big brother that you want to get into his best friend’s pants”
Edwin Jarvis retired from the British Royal Air Force at quite a young age after nearly tearing off a leg during his last tour. He suffered from PTSD and had a newfound dislike for authority which led to him knowing that no one in their right mind would want to hire someone like him. He should’ve expected the opposite would apply to the American engineer Howard Stark when the man decided that he was to be their personal butler.
“We’ll be here if you need us, sweetheart” she added and the gorgeous bright smile that graced their son’s lips had them smile as well as the young Omega raced downstairs to meet his suitor. The couple looked at each other and smiled, still holding to one another before moving to the vacated windowsill.
"In the mirror, silly!" The boy giggled. "Then we can play forever and ever" Tony immediately got excited.
He wanted to test it out, to see if his observation skills weren’t rusty from disuse. It was just a few months since he’d been discharged from serving in the army after losing an arm in the field. So he went and manhandled Steve to sit down beside Tony while he sat on Tony’s other side. He felt the blond stiffen before letting loose a sigh when he sat down and began talking with Tony.
Steve thinks Tony is a demon and so he tries to avoid the other man. But he can't help but be drawn to Tony's scent and ends up sleeping with Tony where he learns what Tony really is.
Tags: Irish Steve Rogers, Lullaby, the Jarvises, Established Relationship, Domestic Bliss
"Take it off for me?" Steve said with a tiny smirk on his face and Tony never moved so fast in his life looking for oil.
"I'm 31 years old. Well, the Voyage orbitted Earth twice, so I suppose I'm 33" he said with a small smile which disappeared when he saw the pained look on Tony's face.
At the age of twenty, as a now known professional in his (multiple) fields, Tony was now a person of his own. But Jarvis still had to remind him of basic things from time to time. His young master still lived at the Mansion with his parents, but he earns more than enough to support himself. Last night, the two young masters went out with Steve to a bar but only Bucky came home. Jarvis thought to perhaps call Tony to check on him but a small part of him whispered that it may not be the right thing to do and that he might have spent the night at Steve’s house.
Tony doesn't like to show his demon side exactly because of all the bad rep his kind gets.
"Whoa- wait a dang minute!" Steve grabbed his arm.
Tags: Nipples, Tony has sensitive nipples, Pasties
They became each other’s confidant, telling each other their deepest and darkest and most embarrassing secrets.
“Mmh… Steve” he moaned out. Tony opened his eyes and scrubbed the sleep away. His eyes widened when he saw the form of Steve draped over his still naked body, licking away at his hip. Little Tony stood at attention and he blushed as Steve smiled at him.
And he was a trained military man. Having served a few years in the army and being good enough to rise through the ranks and becoming a sergeant, he was a skilled marksman and had a good eye for things.
They break away and lean closer to each other, smiling.
"They're still here" Tony replied softly but Steve only got a confused look, still searching his chest. Tony decided, eh fuck it, and lifted his shirt up to expose his chest. The Captain America pasties still hiding his hard nipples.
But he's too scared to admit it. He'll shrink down if he gets an answer even if he is rejected.
And he was so happy that no one was teasing him anymore. No comments from Barton about elevator buttons or surprise nipple boops from Natasha. It was so peaceful, he smiled giddily.
“Come on, the show’s about to start” he urged the blond to stand up and put his arm around the beefy body to walk towards the many chairs and sofas that decorated the balcony.
As the song came to an end, their son, a young Anthony Stark—lovingly called Tony—turned around and let out a yelp in surprise to see the both of them just behind him. “Mother, Father?” he calls out as an adorable blush rose to his cheeks.
“And I mean—he’s like, built like a god now! But you know, when we were younger, he was like, even scrawnier than I am! I mean can you even imagine? And then suddenly, he just went and had this late growth spurt and shot up like a fucking rocket and he went off and joined the army with Bucky and became even bigger and age gap aside, he’s never gonna want someone like me” The older man could practically feel the helplessness oozing out of Tony.
Tony: *betrayed face*
At fourteen years old, Tony graduated high school which Howard and Maria and himself had attended. To Tony’s surprise, Steve and Bucky had also attended the ceremonies and had earned themselves a tackling hug from the young brunet. Tony had cried when he saw Bucky having only one arm which the older brunet had dismissed with a joke. Over the celebration dinner, Steve and Bucky had informed them that they had been honorably discharged with both of them earning their purple hearts. Both had earned pats on their backs by Howard and a few tears from Maria. Tony himself had announced that he had been accepted on a full ride to MIT which he tried to convince the headmaster to let them pay for his tuition as money was not an issue. Howard had offered a rare smile and congratulated the young sir which had him speechless and blushing. Howard offered a toast to the success the three had which got him a glare and a flick in the ear from Maria.
Next chapter will either be on the joint perspectives of their other friends or Jarvis's.  Which one do you think should I do? Comment and Kudos help me out a lot!
Several days have passed and they talk about a million and more things to pass the time.
He remembers the moment he put two and two together—New Year’s Eve at the Stark Mansion. It was especially memorable since it was the night their other friends were invited to celebrate and spend the holidays at their family home with their father’s permission.
He noticed Tony’s eyes widen from realizing who’d sat beside him and saw those brown eyes brighten with every exchanged word he had with Steve.
Steve stood up as he let go of Tony’s hand, looking down at Tony who was still looking disheveled and well ravished. He licked his bottom lip, eyes darkening with satisfied possessiveness which Tony caught on.
Tony's eyed widened as the pod revealed its contents. A rather huge man was inside, still asleep.
Tony has really sensitive nipples.
“I’m not so worried about the furniture…” Tony bit his lip but the butler only chuckled.
Steve Rogers who was about a decade older than him, nevermind that he was twenty years old himself.
“Tony. Tony Stark,” Steve moved his hand to cover his and raised it to his lips. “I don’t regret anything” He said with a smile. Tony’s cheeks reddened and he gave his own little smile.
"Easy, easy." Tony held his hands up and gestured for Steve to calm down.
And so Bucky waited.
For as long as Tony knew, he had always wanted to be among the stars.
“Our boy is growing up, Howard.” The man crinkled his eyes and put his hand on top of the one on his chest.
It took a while but when he finally found his bearings, he near shouted at JARVIS to do a scan on the Captain.
Tony has really sensitive nipples. Like, really sensitive.
When Tony had told him about his realizing that he had a thing, a huge thing, for his older brother’s best friend, Rhodey heard the devastation in his voice.
“Children! The show’s about to start” his stepmother, Maria, exclaimed as she entered the balcony dragging a less than enthusiastic Howard with her. Bucky strained to hear what his father was saying but the gist of it was “I could be working and making progress right now” which earned him a smack upside the head from the headstrong Italian woman. Tony hid a smile behind the tablet before Maria went and took him by the ear.
Maria chuckled as Howard once again huffed, earning a light swat to the arm from his wife. He seemed to struggle between the need to be protective and the want of being a good father before he gave in and sighed once more.
He started to go to the attic everyday for several hours, trying to give the boy some company.
So that’s why he was freaked out.
“He slept with my baby brother and then had the gall to tell me about it as I was stuffing my face with a bagel.” Steve had the decency to at least look like he was embarrassed but he could see through the smug bastard. “I was pissed. I ran after him with almost-murder in my mind”
"You still know the words?" Steve asked as he patted down the next barstool for Tony to sit on. Tony navigated around the counter and sat beside Steve, still holding his cup of coffee.
They arrived at the Stark Mansion in a cab and made their way to Bucky’s room. They met the butler Jarvis on their way up and Steve couldn’t help but notice when Jarvis put a fist up and for Tony to blush and bump his on it. They arrive at Bucky’s door, looking at each other first and taking deep breaths.
Tony's eyes glazed over. "Together forever." He repeated as he reached out to the mirror.
“Mom, please—” the teenager tried to cut in but then the Italian woman busted out actual Italian.
“Tony,” Rhodey began speaking. “You won’t lose any of them. They love you too much to do that to you. And if Bucky so much as hurts a hair on you, I will kick his ass. But I know he won’t because you know why?” he asked waiting for Tony to ask back and when he still didn’t continue, Tony let out a tired huff.
And while he doesn't get insecure or self-conscious about it, he does get annoyed with the constant teasing.
It was covered in a white cloth, shoved behind several unused furniture.
“I might sound too forward with this, and I do hope you’ll forgive me—”
Tony thinks of the stars, Steve thinks of home.
“How nice of him to remember me” Tony rolled his eyes.
How awful! It must've been lonely in there all alone for such a long time.
When they clasped hands, Steve's face changed. His smile turned into a menacing grin and pulled Tony into the mirror with him.
“I love you and I’m happy for you, Tones. But I gotta gut your new boyfriend.” He pressed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “And I support you and him. He’s my best friend but first and foremost you’re my brother. I gotta give him a good scare, ya know?” he gave a smirk when the younger brunet giggled.
"That's not f-"
“Oh, I am. Furious even. But not at you. Never at you, squirt” Bucky messed up his hair and continued his hunt.
“Sir, if I may” he started, earning him a raised eyebrow from the young brunet.
Bucky was snickering and Steve himself was trying to hide an amused smile. Jarvis remembered the night ending with all three boys being sent to bed early as a result of Maria’s fury. He remembered being amused by the two army boys rushing and sneaking into Tony’s room with a bottle of champagne and three glasses.
"I-what?"
With the pod inside, Tony started to try and figure out how to open the damn thing. He was inputting passwords and trying to just wrech it open when it suddenly gave a hiss and unlocked on its own.
The rest of the hour was spent with Tony showering and cleaning up himself and Steve trying to find clothes that would fit his smaller lover’s body. Then they went out to get bagels and of course, to finally face a getting-over-his-hangover James Buchanan Barnes-Stark.
His brother’s Stevie.
That made him giggle again and shyly look up.
He huffed at the answer, his curiosity aflame. Why would a mirror be dangerous?
And when he and Steve got some alone time in the lab, Tony doing science things and Steve doing art things, he enjoyed the quietness. But then he saw Steve looking lost like a puppy. Fidgeting as if he couldnt sit still. He asked what was wrong and Steve just turned red but still had that lost and longing look on his face.
New york is in a state of calamity. He has to confess and he needs to recieve an answer from his beloved.
And off he went.
When they wake up and they come home, perhaps the stars will guide them together once more.
“Bucky, come on! We can talk about this. Tony—” another crash
As the ship sails through space, the two astronauts silently count the time they have left.
“He’s had alcohol before!” Howard defended.
"Steve?" Tony asked in between gasps as Steve kept licking at his face, ears, neck.
Thanks for the wait!
“Then perhaps you should tell me the reason, hm?” he laid a hand on the brunet’s back and rubbed comforting circles. Tony let out a shuddering sigh and bit his bottom lip. There was a small silence before he looked up at the Brit.
“He’s a fast runner. He might’ve made it too far for you to follow”
Everyone ducks afraid of what could come.
"Yeah" Steve laughs as he takes in the other man for another, deeper kiss.
A bit of cloth grazing? Stiff.
But the boy never spoke, never looked sad or happy. He never let any emotion out of his face. Tony decided, he would feel for both of them. Several weeks passed, the rest of the household had noticed Tony disappearing for hours before emerging in a good mood. His parents were curious but Tony wouldn't talk about it and so they let it slide.
“Now, you can’t keep belittling yourself like this, alright? I doubt that the biggest issue Steve could have with this is how
Just him and the stars.
But no one could stop him, he needed to know. So he went up the attic and sought the forbidden mirror. It took him awhile, as it was behind several furniture. Hidden away, like a dirty secret. Tony grasped the cloth and pulled it down. And finally, the mirror has shown itself to him.
"Y-yes. Yes, Steve. Steven Grant Rogers." He said in between breaths. "C-Captain of the Nomad Voyage. I was-- my ship-"
or how you’re out of his league or whatever—” Tony was opening his mouth when Rhodey quickly added, “because you’re not. You’re like, top tier dateable hot stud material and everything” he smiled when the brunet let out a shaky laugh.
Arousal? Stiff.
Even Jarvis, his Jarvis, asked him not to seek the item anymore.
Now, his parents may not always agree with his choices but for some reason, his wanting to become an astronaut had always been a sore topic.
And then Idont know how to finish it anymore hahaha so I'll end it with a kiss.
(This is more of a horror story you tell your kids rather than a slash fic chapter)
“But... Rhodey, I really like Steve” he said with a small voice so unlike the usual confidence the younger man spoke with. He could see the trembling lips and the wet eyes when he turned to face Tony. He reached up to cup Tony’s face and rubbed his thumb across his cheek and smiled sadly at him. He gave him a kiss on the forehead as he let the brunet silently cry on his shoulder.
Tony decides, he's gonna lose Steve either way and goes for it. "Well, wolf you stopped me from finding someone else."
Of course, he knew. Steve and Tony weren’t exactly the most discrete nor subtle people on the planet. Obtuse and oblivious, he thought, were better words to describe the two.
But unlike the Hulk, the more love he has, the bigger he gets
“Yeaaaah—never happening, Barton.” Bucky stuck out his tongue.
The mystery of the serum! For some reason, Steve starts to grow as he gets filled with his love for Tony.
A crash resounded from the upper floor and Tony couldn’t help but grow worried for his now-boyfriend and possibly mad as fuck brother. He glanced up at Jarvis who tutted and shook his head.
“Master Tony, may I have a few minutes of your time?” Jarvis said. Tony raised an eyebrow and looked between Steve and Bucky.
(read: one-night stands) came by to drop off his apparent son. James Buchanan Barnes was twelve years old when he was handed to the Starks when his mother couldn’t afford to keep and care for him and his three half-sisters. This resulted to a tense atmosphere in the household as Maria gave Howard the silent treatment. James, for his part, was immediately taken by young master Anthony. He wouldn’t leave the infant alone and when the nannies (who got fired for flirting with Howard) or Maria couldn’t take care of the baby, James took it upon himself to be the big brother little Anthony needed. A month into his arrival to the mansion, Maria was showering James with affection that no one could have foretold. For several months, the Stark household was lively and everything was normal with the exception of Maria ignoring her husband and doting over both James and Anthony.
“He’s not—” Tony started when Steve sat up in front of him.
The night ended with both of them satisfied and exhausted.
"Explain." Steve crossed his arms.
And by god, did they make love.
And the time to come home soon comes. There is an unfamiliar silence that washes over them as Tony directs the ship towards Earth. Like a countdown has started in his heart, of the time he has to let go of Steve.
There was that sizzle of heat that made Tony's whole being rumble. But the pain of being rejected overpowered whatever arousal he had. He shook out of Steve's hold.
It’s that Alpha Rogers boy again!” Howard exclaimed to his amused wife, Maria. The serenading continued on and Maria taking no pity on her fuming husband chuckled quietly.
The police chief, an Officer Fury, was explaining to the grief-stricken parents that their little boy seemingly vanished into thin air.
"I love you too, you big oaf! You can't just give up!" He shouts at Steve's huge trembling form.
“Tony” he called when the younger man just moaned and turned his head to press down the pillow, still asleep.
“You don’t—uh” he stuttered and couldn’t say the words “You—um—don’t”
The next day, Tony was feeling better and had started to feel cramped in his room which he had relayed to the ecstatic Maria and was allowed back to the lab. During this time, Steve and Bucky had come home for the weekend to spend time with Tony (and of course, Bucky’s parents). Though there was a bit of tension in the air from the recent developments regarding Tony, the three had been able to get together and bond. Though Jarvis did pay closer attention to the blond sneaking glances at his young charge.
Tony also blushed. But a thought came to him. Did Steve?
Tony guided him to a chair near them and had him sit down. He stood near the man as he waited for him to calm himself.
“Listen, Tones. Bucky’ll be pissed, sure. But that’ll pass. And Rogers is gonna be a dead man for sure. But Bucky’s gonna settle for rooting for his favorite brother and his best friend. Trust me.”
How Edwin Jarvis, Butler Extraordinaire, raised young Tony Stark and his legendary patience for the Starks and one Rogers.
One day, he finally sees on some advert his maybe saving grace– pasties. And so he buys and wears a pair as soon as he could. It just so happened that the first pair he took out had Cap's shield on it.
Steve Rogers who was an ex-army man like his brother who was now teaching Art History at his university.
His dad's a werewolf and his mom's a Catholic. She always said to beware of demons and Steve's a good boy, so he listened to his mom.
“Yes, my dear, so you must understand.” She sidled beside her husband and patted his chest, tears shining her eyes.
"Like I said, it was just a lullaby passed down from Irish families. Mostly from those who didn't live in the cities. Ma used to sing it to me every night I was sick... so every night." He chuckled. "When I woke up in this century, I figured, it had died out. But I guess not"
“No son,” she pointedly turned to Howard, “or husband of mine is working on New Year’s Eve!” she glared at both of them before letting go of Tony’s ear. He covered his pained ear and pouted before saying “yes, mom” along with Howard’s “yes, dear”. They looked at each other before turning away and in Tony’s case, walking away to avoid any more awkward moments with their father.
He laughed to himself as he returned to his room to text Nat and Sam about the most recent developments in his life.
"I have no name, Tony"
“The hell took you guys so long” Bucky glanced up to the two.
“Rhodey Bear, you made it!” he stood up with a smile and hugged the older man. Rhodey glanced at the other occupants of the room, eyes landing on Bucky who winked at him and pointed at Steve with mischievous eyes. His eyes darted to Steve and narrowed them at the blond, causing the man to stiffen his posture in discomfort.
He tried to reassure the brunet as much as he could and when the call ended, he was actually feeling exhausted so he slept some more. He was going to confront the two idiots about it at a more reasonable time, he decided.
Panic started to build up in his system. He knew he was overthinking things but he couldn’t help it. A small grunt stopped him from his self-pity party and he saw Steve prop himself on one arm.
He was about cover the mirror back up again when he saw the face in the mirror.
Tony was sent to his room with the constant monitoring of Jarvis himself. The young master just lied on his bed or glanced out the window. Concern was a near-permanent emotion Jarvis had at that point. He made sure the young man ate and slept and bathe but Tony was still in such a morose state (though sometimes he just had the urge to tinker with something—which were the more better days). It got to the point that Jarvis knew he had to get his young charge to talk to him about whatever was on the young man’s mind. And so, during one of the more better days, as Tony was tinkering with an old radio that Jarvis had given him to do, the butler cleared his throat to grab the attention of the young sir.
“Of course,” answers Bucky holding out a hand for her to hold.
Once she reaches the main hallway on the way to her room she glances both ways to make sure no one is watching before she ties something. Closing her eyes, she can feel her finger tips prickle like she's been zapped, and she can feel the energy inside her, so mentally she reaches out and grasps it. Making sure she's concentrating on her entire body before- there's a sudden gust of wind and a very quiet crackle before she opens her eyes and shes standing in the bedroom.
“Hold ya horses Tony, you got one more kid that really wants to meet ya,” announces Bucky his metal hand gently wrapped around the little girl’s he noticed when he first walked in. The one with the familiar bright green eyes. The girl sneaks a peek at Tony before looking back down again. “She’s a bit shy,” mutters Bucky.
"Yeah that all sounds terrible and boring," mutters Tony talking a long sip of his coffee hoping he'll drown in it.
Well that was convenient Peter thinks to himself before looking back at the girl who seemed even more frightened than before.
“Friday?” questions Steve ignoring Tony’s appalled look.
"It's not all bad I save the best for last of course. Saturday I scheduled for an small orphanage in the area to come take a trip to meet the Avengers," announces Pepper sounding excited.
“Alrigh, you two eat quickly we have somewhere to be,” Tony tells both Jasmine and Peter as they sit down at the table.
“Fair, but what type of threat could one little girl possibly be when surrounded by nearly every member of the Avengers?” probes Tony.
Tony closes his eyes already planning out a new design for his StarkPhone, and a few weapon ideas for Natasha; she could use an upgrade. Nothing like mind numbing work to distract him from like for just a little while. Tony slowly opens his eyes again- “Steve!” he shouts immediately sitting up and smacking their heads together. Ow!
“You’re right I’d be super bored,” Jasmine replies sarcastically.
Jasmine gets interrupted from the conversation when Bucky places a plate of food on the table in front of her. Bucky then in turn picks up and fork and throws it at Tony.
"Tricking people isn't very Captain America of you," Tony complains.
Tony bites back a sigh, he's terrible with children. He can barely hold a conversation with adults and now he's supposed to be some tour guide for a bunch of tiny people. He can't even hold a descent conversation with Clint's kids.
Didn't I promise you Spiderman, also after the next chapter thing should have a better pacing and focus more on the Avengers as a whole and the missions they complete.
“Do you not get nervous?” asks Jasmine finally not stuttering.
“Are there other kids in the internship,” asked Jasmine after a few minutes of silence. Even though she thought she knew everything there’s to know about the Avengers and Stark Industries she’d never heard of this internship, so it must be like a super-secret club.
“Everyone here is your friend. You just have to talk to them,” she says kindly before walking back to the kitchen probably to fix lunch.
The panic attack from earlier was noting compared to the one she was having now, the sound of a blow torch, maybe? Stopping is what causes Jasmine to finally look up and notice just how quiet it was. Meeting a pair of familiar brown eyes is all it takes for Jasmines panic to flare and with another pull she teleports again this time landing under her bed.
The ride actually ended up being almost an hour long and Jasmine had almost fallen asleep many times she’d only managed to stay awake because Peter kept showing her funny videos and text messages from his best friend named Ned.
“Steve!!!! Bucky’s picking on me,” cries Tony.
To say that Jasmine was nervous was an understatement, she’d nearly hyperventilated twice since she woke up. Ever since she’d accidentally teleported into what she could only assume was Mr. Starks private workshop she was terrified of getting in trouble. What if the Avengers were after her? She had broken in after all, it’s only logical that she’d get in trouble. Just thinking about it made her want to cry, and they were on their way to the Avengers Tower right now. Which before the incident she would’ve been super excited about, since a really cool bus was sent to pick them up and take everyone to the tower.
“I wasn’t being creepy I was being nice, the only person being creepy here is your pal Clint hanging out in the rafters,” says Bucky rubbing his head.
“You’re up early,” Steve points out leaning over to peck him on the lips causing his two companions to let out a stream of gags and curses. “Real mature,” Steve tells them kissing Tony one more time before wrapping an arm around him.
Jasmine allows herself a small victory grin before she starts thinking about what book to read. Maybe Harry Potter (again).
(See the end of the chapter for
Next chapter will be some well needed Fluff between Steve and Tony now that Jasmine has been found.
“It’s when you think you’re better than everyone”.
Tony takes moment to glance over at Steve who was currently talking to Bucky.
“Where are we going,” asked Peter with his mouth still full of food.
Bucky Barnes formerly known as the Winter Soldier became an official member of the avengers not very long ago, its safe to say he became a favorite overnight. Especially once everyone heard his backstory and all of the terrible things he went through, so after a few press conferences he officially became a member of the Avengers and one of Jasmines favorites at that. So it was taking everything in Jasmine not to squeal, but she was pretty sure she was grinning like an idiot.
“Thank you very much, but you didn’t have to go through so much trouble,” Jasmine tells her talking the set of clothes.
“Well I know for sure one thing you don’t have to worry about at least not until Monday. Work, because I remember a certain person having that day off with his boyfriend,” Steve tells him reaching out and grabbing his hand.
Honestly this seemed like something out of a book. Maybe this is what Harry felt like when he got his letter to Hogwarts. Something Jasmine didn’t think she’d ever be able to experience.
Peter laughs at that “definitely not,” he says. “Actually, I’ve always gotten bullied in school, but now I have awesome friends”.
“Umm yeah my friend Harley, he usually come over on weekends. Then there’s Shuri she’s not in the internship, but she’s super smart and she does visit often. There aren’t really a lot of us but all we do is hang out in the lab and blow stuff up so that’s fine,” Peter tells her.
“None sense,” Tony mutters loudly “the star of an event should always strive to arrive fashionably late, and I’m noting if not the star”. Crouching down low to be eye level with the children Tony says, “now who wants pictures?” Causing the mass of children to go wild once more.
“No Boss, but I’m programmed to alert you of any potential threats,” Friday reminds him.
"Hey, Tony how was the conference?" asked Steve his voice quiet and soothing. Dammit he's never going to get to the lab at this rate. Why did he have to get such an amazing boyfriend.
“Do you think there’s any place Jasmine would just go to and stay inside the tower?” questions Peter.
“Steve!!!! Your boyfriend is neglecting his health!” cries Bucky.
Apparently, Peter was a part of Mr. Starks internship program which Peter helpfully explained that it was basically a school thing where he worked on projects and other cool things with Tony Stark.
This is a fun chapter
“Yeah, the only think I know about her is that she’s a huge fan of Iron Man,” agrees Bucky.
“I promise you’re safe here, and you’re definitely not in any trouble”.
“Friday, she still in there?” questions Tony stalling for time already knowing the answer.
Lunch went well for once, Dinner on the other hand was a disaster. Which caused them to end up going to bed later than usual because they had to clean up. Surprisingly Jasmines wasn’t tired she was too excited to even think about sleeping. They were going to the Avengers Tower, she couldn’t help repeating it to herself it was just so unbelievable. Jasmine was going to talk to the Avengers, the real Avengers. She wondered who would all be there, Thor? Black Widow? Scarlett Witch? Captain America? She really hoped Iron Man would be there he’s her favorite, he’s so cool and smart. Just thinking about it made her want to cry, and what about all the cool stuff they’d see. Do the Avengers have a pool? Or maybe Tony Starks lab filled with all his cool inventions, it would be an honor to see Mr. Stark working there. Jasmine barely had time to notice the pull of her powers before she was snatched from her bed and dropped unceremoniously onto a cold floor.
When she notices Peter buckle his seat belt Jasmine is quick to do the same. When she was at the orphanage, they usually took a bus everywhere and buses didn’t have seat belts, which Jasmine thought was ridiculous. Honestly whose bright idea was it to cram a bunch of children into a dumb yellow ugly bus and not give them seat belts. The one-time Jasmine had expressed her hate for the bus and refused to get on she ended up having to sit right next to the teacher who at the time was mean old Ms. Chariot.
She just about to take his hand when-
-Jasmine-
I wonder where Tony's going...hmm.
"Not really," he replies.
To say Peter was shocked would be an understatement, but at least it explains the disappearing act she pulled on the stairs. However, one question was still nagging at him, “Why’d she run?”
Hmm, Jasmine couldn’t help but think about her own situation. When she was being bulled she didn’t think she was better than anyone. Not to mention she lived in an orphanage, with strange powers she couldn’t control she was just really nervous to say the least, but later on Jasmine did become arrogant (after she punched Jordan in the face), but not to be mean she just decided she didn’t like any of the other kids in the orphanage because they were mean. She just couldn’t wait until they left, because Jasmine was pretty sure she’d never leave. At least that’s what Mrs. Chariot used to say.
“No comment Tony,” replies Dr. Banner cleaning his glasses.
Jasmine glances at Tony only to catch him rolling his eyes. “Let’s just get inside already.”
"I know boss, however, I can't take credit for this," the moment she says that Tony's pulled back into a giant hug. Steve.
“Yeah, well you know what they say about meeting your heroes,” is all Tony says.
Arriving  back at the tower as soon as Tony lands he begins taking off his Iron Man suit. He'll head to the kitchen first, grab another cup of coffee, then head straight to the lab to do work on some unfinished projects. When he's done with those he'll take them apart and work on them again, just to stay busy.
“I-I b-broke in-into your lab,” she tells him barely holding herself together.
"Don't worry, the time will come but there is much to do before I return for Earth's salvation." Tony's jaw clenched as he watched the purple maniac approach him. "Like I said, I am here for you Stark."
“What happened?” Bucky shoots the handcuffs and they fall off.
“If that thing goes off it could destroy all of Europe.” Tony worried and began thinking of everything he knew about the tesseract. He needed to shut it down. “Perhaps it could be shut down by using one of the guns and using it to penetrate the force field and using it the bomb to destroy itself, but that would very likely cause the person doing it to be caught in the blast. Not a large blast but the proximity would cause someone to get caught on the crossfire. Plus we would need something to kickstart it.” Tony rambled, he needed to fix this. There was no way he was letting Steve died in the 1940s. Without ever having met him.
"I don't care what the law says," he interrupted again, "if we both agree we can ignore it and not separate assets."
"Honey, I- listen I can explain everything. Let's just tak-"
"The pharmaceutical company?"
“There's nothing you can do.” Tony said sorrowfully.
"Do you pay for everything? Does he not have a job?" Sam had wondered.
“Then how come I know your parents’ vows.” Steve paled further and Tony took his moment of hesitation to do what he needed to do.
"Yes, well... that doesn't matter anymore. Let's talk about what's going on right now. If you don't want half of my money let's settle on a sum. How about 20 million? it's a relatively small amount s...."
And now all Tony was left with was a broken suit and an abandoned shield.
“No! Someone has to stop this, and neither of you would leave the other behind. Stay here, I’ll send him out.” And with that he ran after Steve.
"About the fact that you will keep half of my fortune, it's whats rightfully yours but I know it's something that makes you uncomfortable."
"I don't want your money."
"Tony. Tony Carbonell."
“Rhodes! You are a civilian. Stay here, I’ll get him.”
Images and memories flashed through Tony's mind as he laid on the cold floor of the abandoned Hydra base. The Siberian cold penetrating his suit as his mind raced.
Steve could see why his friends were concerned. Steve was 32 and Tony had just turned 21, but Steve had never met someone as fascinating as Tony. The young man had so much hope for the future, late at night he would tell Steve about his clean energy research and how he hoped to advance the field, he consulted at Shield Inc. on their prosthetics research. It took Steve no time at all to fall for the young brunette. So yeah, he bought him flowers, expensive clothing, a car that he'd seen Tony appreciate, jewelry that caught the young man's eye, he wanted to provide for Tony to make him as happy as he made Steve.
"Tell me my child, do you wish to forget? To bury all this pain and suffering. All the betrayal and abandonment?"
"Never. I can't believe you thought that I'd say yes to this."
Suddenly Tony went limp in his arms, the deadweight so unexpected that Steve let go and Tony dropped to the floor. The young man lay there harsh sobs rocking his body, and for the first time since his friends left his office, the fog of pure fury that had filled Steve's vision cleared. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a moment. He opened them and knelt down, next to Tony's shivering frame.
“...3, 2…"
"Stop." Steve croaked out. The picture in his hand crumbled under his fist.
A long pause after, during which Steve wondered if the line had dropped, Tony finally responded.
The door to the room he was currently trapped in opened and in walked the mad titan himself, accompanied by his two daughters? Who looked nothing like him.
Hours later Steve would call Fury to inform him on his resignation and would hang up before a reply could come. He also informed the rest of the team and they'd all agreed that Black Widow and Hawkeye would be the new Avengers team leaders. And finally he posted on his instagram account, with a recent photo of himself with his husband and son, that he would definitively be leaving his mantle as Captain America to dedicate himself fully to being a family man, to what the world didn't take long to react.
"A little late to ask now, isn't it?" without looking back the brunette ran out the door. Steve struggled to his feet, the alcohol finally catching up to him and picked up the ring on the table. He thought back to the morning he'd first seen the ring while on his daily run. Of the fantasies he'd built in his head, him asking and Tony throwing himself in his arms with a yes.
"I still think you could do better," Tony said with a slight smirk,"look into brain receptors and make the prosthetics work more like an arm. I actually had some ideas I'd be more than willing to pass on."
"Why did I have to file for divorce for you to notice what your work was doing to us?"
"No Tony," interrupted Steve.
"I love you too."
"So what is it that I've done according to you and your friends? I think I have a right to know the charges against me, don't you?"
And like Tony had told him, he would keep full custody of Peter while he was entitled to all the visits he wanted, but would be unable to appeal for joint custody. Not that he thought about doing that anyway, Tony was was right in saying that his job as an Avenger forbade that possibility.
"Stark, you are awake."
This Steve Rogers was also in love with someone else.
"Tony? Guys," he felt his jaw clench, "I thought we had already finished these conversations. I appreciate it, truly, but Tony and I are happy. And I know you mean well but I am getting really tired of having to defend my relationship to you guys."
“You wouldn't have a chance and neither do I! I'm timing it for the end of the countdown. There'll be a blip in the power flow. That way it should improve our chances of a clean shut down.”
"Why are his friends worrisome?" Steve croaked, eyes glued to the countless pictures in his desk, Tony at expensive boutiques, expensive restaurants, in a perfectly tailored suit next to Howard Stark, champagne glass in hand.
Tony had been mad and demanded he stay, to which Steve had refused, it was his duty as a defender of humanity to be there when necessary. Tony had been able to leave his life as an Avenger behind, but not him. He had a duty to fulfill and he would do it, he couldn't let down those who believed in him.
"I love you, Tony and I don't want to separate from you," he continued.
When Tony came to again, everything was still cold and painful. He tried to move, but the suit was frozen and still dead, quiet honestly, Tony didn't know how he was still alive.
"I-," the short brunette blinked at him as he accepted his drink and was led out of the way by Steve, "thank you."
By the time Steve began waking up again, Tony had already hooked up the  gun and the arc reactor in his chest to the bomb and pulled out his phone.
"Patience daughter, I have plans for Stark." A deep voice responded. The two women walked into the sliver of light that managed to get into his cold dark tomb. He finally laid eyes on them and his breathing grew harsher. The two women were not...human. They were humanoid, but one of them was blue, and her body was littered with mechanic enhancements, the other was completely green with deep burgundy hair. The two of them exuded murderous vibes. The kind that Tony usually only got from Natasha and Pepper. He drew in a harsh breath and tried once more to get up from the cold floor he'd been planing to die in.
It all came crashing down around their first year anniversary.
Despite Tony's disapproval, Steve had no other choice but to leave with a heavy heart at having to leave his husband in tears because of him. He hated himself, but he had no other option.
"Here is your fucking car keys, your stupid penthouse keys, and your goddamn credit card," he said as he threw each thing at Steve, "gifts that I didn't even fucking ask for you asshole. Keep your money, your stuff, and tomorrow morning I'll send you a reimbursement for everything you paid me for."
“This is not a joke. Stop this now. This is gonna kill you! I'll have a chance, you don't have any!”
"I love you, and you are an idiot, don't do this to me ever again."
“He’s being and idiot. Cover me, I need to go after him.”
“Tony you know those vows,”
"We need to talk." Nat said as Steve took a seat.
"What do I do?" he sobbed, Bucky joined him at the other side of the desk and pulled him into his arms.
"I don't enjoy being made a fool." The brunette scoffed and turned to face him, a furious and anguished look in his face.
"It means I know everything." Steve glared at the young man and his heart broke as he saw all color leave Tony's face. "It means I know that Tony Carbonell doesn't really work for Stark Industries."
"About what?" he asked in return.
“Those…those are my dog tags…and my…my father’s ring. Where did you get this?” he thundered. Tony pulled them back to his chest.
'or two super-soldiers'
He rang the bell at the mansion Tony had in San Francisco, hoping to not be dismissed. Luckily, Tony opened the door almost right away. His face showed surprised at finding him standing there, it pained Steve, had he been so absent that his husband was surprised to see him? Just the thought brought tears back into his eyes.
"His previous relationships were with Tiberius Stone, CEO of Viastone, and Sunset Bain, CEO of Baintronics. His friends, wealthy heirs Janet & Hope Van Dyne, Loki & Thor Odinson. He clearly surrounds himself with people who can provide him a certain lifestyle."
"Stop Tony," interrupted Steve once more, "I don't want to continue with this."
It was a kiss that tasted like heaven, it had been so long since the last time and after the last few days, where it seemed everything was going to end between them, the fact that the two of them were kissing again was something that made the two of them immensely happy.
The picture of Tony in the arm of Howard Stark was burned into his brain.
"I love you, Tony, and the only thing I want is to spend the rest of my life with you. My job as an Avenger has separated me from you more than I thought and I won't let that continue, I'll quit, in this instant, I'll call fury and abandon my role as Captain America for you and for Peter, because you two are more important than anything else. Just say something, just a word to know that you still want to be with me, and I'll do it."
"Are you denying it then?" he barked out. Tony froze at the door.
"G..go..f..fuh..Fuck...yo...yours...self." Thanos smiled and waved a hand to those behind him.
"I can't Steve. I can't keep forgiving you." Making his way into the mansion, Steve took Tony's hands and held them tightly hoping to transmit all his emotions and the love he felt for him with the gesture.
In the middle of his devastation he took the first thing he found and threw it against the wall, the sound of it breaking to pieces echoing all around the empty space in seconds.
"Welcome home." Steve mocked.
“I’ll have better luck at this than you. Please leave and let me take care of this.”
He could hear a faint beeping coming from the his left side, that he really wish would stop. He groaned and tried to shut whatever that was, but his hand was being held by another one. Slowly he tried to open his eyes and met a harsh bright ceiling. He blinked slowly and tried to get his thoughts in order. The last thing he remembered was…the Hydra base…Steve…the bomb…Steve…
"Do you go around rescuing a lot of sleep deprived students?"
All his friends had warned him against it.
"You and I are quite similar you know. I too was called mad for trying to protect my planet. I tried to save my planet and our people, I was ignored, and the entire planet perished. Are you not tired Anthony? Of trying to save a planet that doesn't want to be saved?" The ache in Tony's chest grew and he continued to glare at Thanos.
"What is going on Steve you are not making sense."
"Steve," Nat placed a folder on his desk, "you need to know."
Steve was silent at Tony's words, he didn't know how to respond. He really had no idea what would happen once he rejoined, but he had to admit that Tony was right. He opened his mouth to speak but Tony cut him off.
"Was everything I gave you not enough? The presents? The cars? I gave you my home!"
"And what exactly is it that your friends have been saying about me all this time Steve?" Tony's voice was hollow, tears were silently streaming down his face. Steve ached to clean them off.
"He was with Howard Stark at a Gala." Bucky pointed at the picture in question. Tony is in yet another fine suit, getting into the limo with Howard Stark. Steve leaped from his chair and faced the large glass wall, the New York skyline in front of him.
"Good idea," Steve said, "but let's talk payment first." Steve pulled out the ring box he'd been hiding in his sock drawer for the past month and flipped it open. "Will this suffice for the night?"
“I am trying to stop this bomb from blowing up us all up.”
"Listen, I will be back in 10 mins tops. I swear."
“Auto-destruct in two minutes.” FRIDAY warned from his phone.
"I was really wrong about you Steve Rogers," he bit out.
"..w- wh..who...?" Tony could barely keep conscious. He was still on the verge of death, and aliens invading earth was literally his worst nightmare. A new voice rang out and a squid looking figure joined the others.
"Please Tony, I know I haven't been present lately, but I love you, and I'll change I swear. I'll take some long vacations, I'll be with you and Peter and..."
"Excuse me?!"
He was laid on a hard surface and bound. The genius took a moment to analyze his current situation, he seemed to be in some sort of medical room, there were holograms displaying what he assumed to be his own vitals. The technology seemed advanced and otherworldly so he took this to mean that he'd somehow made it into the ship. What was this Thanos actually doing here? Where they still on Earth? Was Earth under attack?
“Steve, one day I am going to be someone you trust. Completely. But I can’t wait for you to find that out. So I’m going to prove it to you, and I am sorry. I am really very sorry.” Tony pulled at the chain around his neck and showed him.
He picked up the phone again and stared at the background, stroking the screen with tears in his eyes as if he could could caress his two great loves. It was a picture of the three of them, where he and Tony where hugging Peter at his birthday party while he was crushed between them. He dialed Fury's number and was answered at the first tone.
Sitting in a couch in his old apartment in Brooklyn and with the divorce papers in hand, he wondered at what point his life had gone overboard.
"I don't want to leave you on the street."
Matt picked up the divorce papers scattered across the room, proving effectively that they'd forgotten he was there, left the room smiling, happy that his serviced hadn't been needed.
"Go to hell" The brunette got to his feet and went to his bag.
"I think the evidence speaks for itself."
Steve froze where he stood and slowly turned back to face Tony who walked closer to him.
"Are you still trying to deny everything?" Steve scoffed, "I've seen the photos with Stark and Stane. How they parade you at their galas and events. Meanwhile I am sitting here at home, waiting for my genius boyfriend to get back from work or his parent's house. Like a goddamn idiot." He wiped the angry tears from his eyes. "Was any of it real? The plans for clean energy? It can't have all been a lie, you've consulted for Shield Inc., I know you are an actual genius. So why?"
"You think I can't support myself?"
"What?" asked Matt and Tony at the same time.
"What I wanted to say is that..."
And Rhodey. Rhodey was in no condition to fight.
"You let him go."
He let out a long and heavy sigh, Tony was probably mad at him. They hadn't been in good terms when Steve had left for his mission after just one day of being back from a 5 week mission. He was suppose to have taken a vacation to be with his family and not even twenty-four hours after being back home, he had already been preparing to leave again.
Tony had passed out after his encounter with Thanos and when he'd woken up he was being moved. The pain had dulled down, most likely a result of the forced blood transfusion. He'd shuddered as he thought about it. Once more a victim of nonconsensual body modifications.
"Fuck you," Tony finally let out, attempting to break free.
He was back from a long mission that had taken more time than originally planned. He was seated on the Quinjet being piloted by Clint and Tasha, it was late, he was exhausted, bruised and the only thing he wanted was to go home and kiss his son good night and snuggle into bed with his husband.
"The divorce, I don't want to continue with this."
"Oh, you don't have to do that."
"Take back your fucking jacket, and fuck you Steve, fuck you and your shitty ass friends."
“Not those times. Not one line. Don't you dare. It's okay. It's okay, it's not over for you. You'll see me again. You've got all of that to come. You and me, time and space. You watch us run.”
"He looks half dead. Should we put him out of his misery?" Another woman said, her voice a lot more confident. The two figures walked closer, and Tony struggle to keep his eyes open. There was no way he could defend himself.
"I will be back next week love," he had told Tony on the other line two weeks ago. Unfortunately, not everything had happened as he thought, and he reproached himself for making a promise he did not keep. But that was something out of his hands.
"It looks like Tony," Bucky spit out his name venomously, "enjoys the company of wealthy older men. The past few months when he's not at school or with you, he's hanging out with Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane of Stark Industries." Bucky points at several pictures of Tony having lunch with both Stark and Stane, separately and sometimes at the same time. Steve feels a tightening in his chest.
“Is not a matter of trust, I need to stop this, and I am a lot more durable than anyone else. Now get out.”
“You wouldn't tell me why, but I suppose you knew it was time - my time, time for this little trip. You even gave me your dog tags to keep safe, even though you weren’t going on a mission, that should have been a clue.” The dog tags and ring laid on Tony’s chest, and Steve struggled to break free from his bonds.
Still, and Tony wasn’t surprised by this, Steve opened his door before Tony could even lift his hand to knock. Neither of them greeted the other as Tony took in the sight of Steve in the doorway. His body was stiff, his hand tight on the door near the top of the frame. Pale except for two splotches of red high in his cheeks, he looked tired and in pain. Tony’s gut clenched.
“You can pretend all you want that you’re a cold-hearted, selfish, and uncaring bastard, but I can see through you now,” Steve said with a tone that dared Tony to argue with him, “Reckless, I’ll give you that, and maybe a little too reliant on your tech, but there’s not a damn bone in your body that doesn’t care.”
“What’re you thinkin’ about now?” He slurred his speech from sleep but Tony heard a hint of smugness and satisfaction from the blond’s voice. He giggled when Steve raised the arm draped across the younger man’s lap to hook him closer and kissed the brunet’s navel. Tony hummed and ran a hand across Steve’s blond locks before he sighed.
Of course, that all came to a brief halt when one of Howard’s
That gained a huff of laughter from him. Of course, Tony would tell Rhodes. He was probably freaking out and called the man for help. He opened the one from Bucky and sighed again before reading the messages.
Which was how he caught on when his best friend and little brother started to feel something for each other. Even when both were oblivious to the other’s affections, Bucky knew.
“No, Rhodey. I slept with Steve and now I’m freaking out” He paced around the room again, biting his nails. Every step made pain and a muffle sort of pleasure to flare up from his ass. But he kept that to himself.
Tags: horror fic, creature steve rogers, mirrors, kid tony stark
"So all you had to do was confess to Tony, huh."
Tags: Half Werewolf Steve Rogers, Capwolf, Incubus Tony Stark, Getting Together, Tony Stark needs a hug, Shifting
"I shifted?" Steve asked, still not moving from his position on top of Tony. "I've never done that before. And I-" he blushed once more as if he just recalled what had transpired recently.
It happens quickly. There’s a flash of silver as Bucky’s arm cuts through the air, a sharp, crystal-clear clang as he strikes the edge of the shield almost perfectly, and then the shield is shuddering to stop, finding purchase in the upper body of Rhodey’s suit.
Tony turns around, closing his pants up, in enough time to see the man suck his fingers clean. He straightens his jacket and strides out of the alley with the man strolling out behind him.
“J, I need that web, stretched as high and wide as we can get it!”
“Regrettably, no sir,” Jarvis replied, “Would you like me to send another missive to Doctor Doom?”
Steve stepped in closer, hands coming out of his pockets as he searched Tony’s face. “May I kiss you goodnight, Tony?”
and Steve...Steve was clearly neither of those things.
“They said not to use the smallest one to start,” Tony says, finally answer Steve’s question as he selects the second sound from the right. It’s five and six millimeters at either end and Tony can feel Steve’s focus like a laser. “This will be easier to handle and not risk injury.”
He’s huffing against her shoulder and she’s stiller than a dead person - not even that thought could kill the climax ripping through his system. His knuckles are ghost-white around the handrail and his eyes are squeezed tight against the sight of the company floors passing by.
"Stark, wh-Tony!"
That actually got a smile, halfway, but one nonetheless. It lit up his eyes, and Tony looked away from the blue, turning back to the hangar as the elevator came to a stop.
He ignored it all mostly. He, instead, focused on catching up with a few other artists he’d come to know over the years, and meeting a few he hadn’t.
“Considering I can’t exactly run away at the moment,” Tony replied, gesturing to his leg.
“What makes your pain, your revenge so goddamn special? Why should you be the outlier, the anomaly? It could be anyone, any leader of the rebellion or whatever fanciful notion this Zone keeps throwing at Pierce’s feet.
He watched the black and gold faceplate turn towards him as he prowled across the deserted street. The motion was jerky, electricity sparking weakly, arcing between the paneling of the armor, and Captain America felt the thrill of his victory.
"Everything I’ve done, I’ve done for you. And you will remember every agonizing second of betrayal long after I'm gone, and you will know what it is to truly feel the weight of your failure."
Tony narrowed his eyes.
“You’re a goddamn idiot,” Fury muttered then laughed, rubbing hand over his head and eyeing Tony appraisingly. “Put on the suit. Fight alongside Captain America until I can get you to Pierce without a doubt in anyone’s mind. And I promise I will get you there, and I promise I’ll pull your dumb ass out of the fire before you go up in flames. And maybe, by the end of it, you’ll realize that taking the helmet off will be the best thing for this city.”
Iron Man’s right palm shot out, firing explosive flares as he banked sharply down and to the left. He forced himself to fly faster and barely rolled to the side in time to avoid the missile that was aimed his way.
“Hey, man,” drags him from his perusal and Tony looks up to a half-smiling, half-exasperated expression. “Sorry about that. Inventory issues. I’m Sam Wilson. And everyone knows who you are, so we don’t have to waste time with that.”
“You aced History,” Pepper said with a raised brow.
Captain America’s expression visibly twisted beneath his cowl, a brief spark of confusion clear in the slackness of his jaw before he grit his teeth.
Whether he’s that tin can or not, he’s gonna need your help or he’s going to be a smear of red on the pavement either way.”
“Jesus Christ,” Tony muttered, lifting a hand to rub at his face, “Yes! Yes, I did! And you know what? It was fucking easy. It was like opening a jar! And if you’re not Patrick fucking Star, then it’s a simple fucking gesture. Therefore, I maintain, that it was perfectly valid for me to get in there and take over. Especially since they’d decided imaginary shrapnel had settled near your spinal cord.”
Tony dropped his head as the pick stilled against the strings. His fingers spasmed along the neck of the guitar. “I don’t care what the press says. I don’t care what they think. I don’t-”
“Who the fuc-”
“Drop him, so we can go deal with the riot his friends are causing before they destroy my city.”
Two days pass, and he finds himself grunting just because he can. His throat hurts with each noise, so he gives up.
One building crumbles quickly, trapping Ms. Marvel and several agents--Hydra and SHIELD alike-- under the brownstone. The concrete and broken pieces of Iron Man’s suit act as debris and scatter at bullet speed, some of it disintegrating before it goes too far, but Clint is caught in a shower of it, shielding another agent until they can get to safety.
She hesitated, but still, Stephanie’s feet refused to let her pass.
Steve skids to a stop, hoping their reprieve is long enough that he can assess the situation. It’s a bad as he’d feared, and all he can do is try to gently, so gently, ease the shield out of Rhodey’s suit. He closes Rhodey’s eyes, trembling and afraid and furious. He can hear Pepper falling apart and the confusion blaring across the comms. Natasha is now at Clint’s side, but her comm goes silent as she folds over him. Carol hasn’t regained consciousness yet, unmoving in the crater. Bucky remains still.
It’s the third night this week (in a long line of weeks of the same) that Tony watches surreptitiously from his seat in the common room as Natasha approves Steve’s attire. His fingers jab a little harder into his Starkpad as he pretends to not mess up the new algorithm he’s been working on. He isn’t jealous. He isn’t.
Steve only smiled as he set the radio back down and clicked it off. Silence poured into the modest living room. Tony angrily swayed his foot back and forth where it was slung over the arm of the recliner.
to me! That’s the exact fucking dream I had!”
Steve couldn’t quite contain his smile. He stepped over to Tony and knelt down so he could stroke his fingers through Tony’s messy hair. Tony blinked impossibly-blue eyes at him, frustration crinkling the edges of his expression.
Steve hummed in reply and turned his face away. The scent of marker was strong in the air. Which, even to Steve’s sleep-fogged mind, he knew meant inspiration had struck his lover in the middle of the night. Judging by the position of Tony’s hand, Steve wouldn’t be able to see exactly what that inspiration was, but he just sighed and let sleep take him under again.
“Crossbones has made it onto the boat,” Jarvis said, “and Dr. Doom is not responding.”
“There are too many Hydra agents to take this slow. We have to drop them, Cap,” Sam says, and his voice is thick. Steve’s expression dims and turns just as grim as Sam’s.
Like a shadow, someone landed in the flickering light of the fire from Tony’s car. They circled Crossbones and leapt at him with dual blades. They were fast, dodging in and out of Crossbones’ range and finally knocking the shotgun away. It landed on the side of the road, sliding a bit in the wet grass. Tony turned towards it and began to crawl.
He’s far more silent than he should be for this meeting, he knows, but he can’t bring himself to participate fully. The plug is vibrating on a low setting, sending little shivers throughout his body as he half-listens to the conversation around him. Every time he opens his mouth and starts to speak, the vibrations kick up a few notches and he stutters and hurriedly finishes his sentence or question. So he stops speaking, biting his lip and nodding when needed.
“No! What? Shut up, and look! Whoever this is, they know the suit… but they don’t know how it works. Look!” He made a few frustrated gestures at the screen, to Victor, and back to the screen.
“Whomever tampered with the thorium containers at the airport has access to at least one of SHIELD’s helicarriers,” Jarvis finished, “as the equipment is all from Helicarrier Beta.”
Crossbones took one missile out with a well-aimed shot as he ran for cover, darting around the ground to try and avoid the others as they struck. Concrete and dirt exploded around him, obscuring Iron Man’s vision before he burst through the smoke to find Crossbones standing his ground with the smoking remains of the other missiles lying around him.
The silence that follows is deafening. It's a rush in Steve's ears that accompanies the pounding of his heart. He can't look away from Natasha's body lying prone in the other room. He can't get to her, he knows that well. He couldn't save her, couldn't save any of them. He’s fought, fought until his bones were broken, ligaments torn in the effort to get out of Tony's restraints.
“That’s not from
He's fully aware he's going to Hell. He doesn't deserve to be in the same place as Rumiko anyway.
“Get that data scanned and to Victor,” Tony snapped, even though they hadn’t spoken since Tony’s ridiculous accusation. He started to push himself up to his feet, but found himself frozen at the sensation of a body pressed along the back of his suit.
Two smaller explosions brought the rest of the Terminal down to rubble and more of Tony’s repulsors powered down, dropping out of the air. Tony followed them down, suit standing steadily as he shook violently inside it.
“No touching,” Tony reminds him, backing away and watching as Steve starts to crawl backwards up the big bed.
“As many as it takes,” Tony countered. Neither of them startled when the lights went red with an emergency alert, but after a moment, Steve scowled.
"So fucking... Goddamn," Tony manages, squeezing on the next stroke and finding his climax with a painful exhale. He does as promised, painting Steve's mouth and tongue with cum, catching the slope of his cheek and the thickness of his eyelashes.
“I was specifically told to listen to what Iron Man wanted. Deadpool was very firm in that before he got distracted.”
Captain America threw Iron Man bodily into the wall. He felt no regret as he watched the armor slide down, metal scraping the cement on screeching impact. Tony struggled to right himself under the weight of the suit, forcing it to obey so he could come up on one knee. Steve felt the rage build in his throat like the roaring in his ears.
“I, for one, couldn’t care less about Hydra, but I agree with Castle,” Scarlet Witch said, stepping lightly down from the tabletop. She smoothed her hands over her burgundy skirt. “You cannot allow him to bait you with these shipments. How many innocents died in the Port attack?”
“Are you sure about that?” Natasha asked quietly, red gaze focusing on Stephanie once more. “It seems to me that admitting something like that makes you very strong indeed.”
Tony let his legs give out, let himself hang from the press, let his weight pull on the bone and muscles caught between the metal. He hung there, knees barely scraping the floor, staring at the linoleum. He hung there, and he learned.
Steve watched Tony convulsively swallow, could feel his body tensing up in approaching orgasm, and he grit his own teeth in response. He rolled his shoulders then leaned back to wrench one of the table’s bars free of the planking. It came free with a cracking splint, and Tony’s freed leg slammed into Steve’s side. It would have winded a lesser man, but Steve pushed past it to free Tony’s other leg.
“Daddy, please! Please! Ple-” Over and over has the metal pressed down and Tony could hear his bone grinding down against the plating. It was too tight, too hard, too much. His fingertips were were white at the other end already as Howard finally stepped back. His posture swayed a little and he shook the pill bottle in front of Tony’s face.
“Yes, thank you, Bob,” Iron Man said tightly, “I’m aware of the casualties.”
“Not that I’m complaining, mind you,” Tony began, making his voice low and amused, “but to what do I owe such an honor?”
He thought he spoke, but he couldn’t be sure, and his mind tried to remember why that was a problem. Something about Ty. A warm hand on his shoulder. But the beating was coming back louder, faster. Something in his throat was blocking his shout.
As Tony, he felt his stomach roll at the thought, but as Iron Man, he stood firm and unyielding to the guilt. After all, Iron Man was supposed to be the bad guy.
“Oh shoot, that’s right. Come on,” Steve announced, taking Tony’s hand again and drawing him along the sidewalk. “Have you and Pierce always disliked each other?”
Tony pockets his sunglasses finally and steps right into the man’s space. “Look at her. She’s so gorgeous.”
“Only five?!” Tony’s damaged heart skipped more beats than what was safe, and the rest of his flight was filled with a stream of curses. The black and red of his armor stood out in his reflection from the airport’s windows as he banked around a side and headed straight for Gate 49.
“I’m sorry!” Tony shouted. “I’m sorry! I was just- I just wanted to sleep, Father! I j-”
“No!” Tony yelled, the sound mechanical as it came from the suit’s mouthpiece. Foregoing trying to wrestle his way out of the Captain’s ironlike grip, Tony simply flung one hand back towards the Captain and fired at first one shoulder then the other. The first was ducked, the second taken directly to the Captain’s shoulder. The Captain’s hold loosened just enough for Iron Man to fire a boot’s repulsor into the Captain’s side to push off of him towards Crossbones.
tried to initiate?”
Tony doesn’t need to be told twice. He’d face the wrath of welching on a bet over pissing Pepper off anymore any day. He shuffles into the bathroom, leaving the door open to hear her say, “They’re dead. I’m going to kill them with my bare hands.”
Tony refills Pepper’s wine glass. Her shoulder is a warm weight against his, and he signs the next contract.
“Yeah, I am,” Tony said easily. There was a knock on the door, and the intern let them know the car was ready to take them to the after party.
to find a way back into the conversation. But it’s moving too fast and he can’t think of a single thing to contribute. His mind deserts him, leaves his thoughts blank, and the emptiness sends him reeling.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said quickly. He shook himself and took a deep breath to let it out after a moment. He brushed Steve’s hair from his forehead. “I’m sorry that you’ve been through this. You should’ve said something sooner.”
It's all pushed down and away with each thrust and rock of their hips in the frantic, hard chase to orgasm. Steve's dick is rubbing along Tony's stomach, and Steve presses in closer, tighter, slowing the motion of their fucking until it's a delicious, insanely-dirty grind. Their tongues slip together lazily, and Steve laces both of their hands together, drawing them up to the pillows.
“Hm, don’t take it as a challenge, darling,” Tony replied with his own half-smile, “but I wasn’t joking when I said I had to get going. I don’t want to miss the children’s tour.”
Iron Man was quiet for a long moment then: “Fine,” he said, as Tony’s lip curled. He didn’t like letting Pierce ship those materials, but if that’s what it took to get Castle’s help… He could always ask Victor to keep a closer eye on them. If Victor chose to listen, and if he could depend on Castle to at least stick to his word.
It’s just...Did you get a tattoo?” the girl asked, blushing furiously. Several other students murmured their agreed curiosity.
The tray of food was set down near him in a much gentler motion than he would have done for Steve, but he supposed he could be bitter enough not to acknowledge it, so he didn’t. At least he didn’t until the large styrofoam cup of coffee was placed just out of reach. He wanted to scowl, but he didn’t want to give Steve the satisfaction.
“It’s not an act, Tony,” Fury replied, “In fact, I don’t know what’s going on inside that man’s head right now. That’s between you and him. All I care about is you.”
“He’s working for Pierce; you should absolutely be afraid of Pierce. I mean, think about it. What’s one of the sorcerers doing Pierce’s work for if he’s not a dangerous motherfucker?”
“Get back over here!” Crossbones growled, far too close for comfort. He grabbed Tony’s ankle and started to drag him back along the tarmac. Tony kicked out at him with his injured leg, struggling to find anything to free himself. It had about as much effect as hitting the man with a fucking feather.
There isn’t much interaction Steve can parse through after that. The heroes are all too busy. The fight is brutal, expansive. Bucky and Steve are locked in hand-to-hand combat until Steve is distracted by a light as bright as he’d expect a supernova to be. Long before the cause is visible, Steve is deafened to everything but a high-pitched whistle before he sees Tony slam into the ground atop Carol. The force of it, aided by Captain Marvel’s power and Iron Man’s repulsors, craters the ground out around them, taking out the street and the buildings to their left.
Stephanie was frozen in surprise as she watched curl after dark curl tumble down the elf’s back. The soldier groaned sickly and fell to his knees.
“Nothing. Nothing, Jay.” He straightened and rubbed his damp hands over his face. He winced as he pressed into the bruise left by Steve’s hit and began to clean himself up as he had Jarvis check to make sure the path to the lab was clear since it was so early. When Jarvis replied in the positive, Tony finished pulling on his boots and stood.
“When did the Megaports trigger?”
“It’ll be over soon, Tony.”
“Tony, you look fine,” Pepper sighed, patting down Tony’s suit with as a last-minute touch. “Very…”
“Yeah…” Tony croaked, “That’s going to be a no from me.”
“Our Lady of Loreto,” Rogers replied, his grin matching Tony’s then turning a bit sly. “District Champion four years in a row.”
“Doctor Doom,” he replied tightly, “Sorry to burst your bubble, but your boyfriend isn’t here right now.”
Tony narrowed his eyes, but Fury held up a hand to hold him.
“Hands off,” Steve salutes with a twitch of his mouth. He’s settling back into the pillows, legs carefully spread and hands clenching and unclenching in the covers.
“Don’t you think this is all a little strange, Tony?”
This first time is an experience that Jarvis carefully protects. He creates a space in his databanks that buries, buries, buries this moment in coding so deep that even takes Tony a year to find. His creator, his Tony, then backs away from it, erasing all his steps. He gets a fond look on his face and pats one of the tables like it's Jarvis' back. "Love you too, buddy."
“You should have left,” Tony answers, and he lifts his hand, the gauntlet already powering up. Rhodey closes his eyes and waits, but Pepper drops down heavily just as the beam fires. She blocks it with her own, the intensity pushing her back along the concrete and into Rhodey.
“Vic-”
One week later, Tony parks his car right in front of the unassuming shop. He’s not afraid of any parking tickets, his car is too well known. He steps around the front of it and looks up at the simple, elegant sign ‘Break the Mold’. The window dressings are certainly geared towards being original and making bold choices.
Steve buries his face in Tony's throat and begins moaning like he's being paid for it, and he could expect payment after this, but Tony doesn't give a fuck, because he's going to make Steve come on his cock alone and then he's going to pull out, rip the condom off and come on his perfect fucking face.
He slipped out from between Steve’s arms and smiled over his shoulder at him as he went for his coat.
“Steve,” Tony repeated, and it sounded a little wet and worried. He shook himself and stepped forward to guide Steve into his seat. “Why don’t you go? Are you even sure this is healing? What do you need me to do?”
They walked quietly for a minute or two, the backs of their hands brushing until Steve took Tony’s hand to hold.
“Don’t say that! You’re amazing!” Steve immediately defended, grasping Tony’s hand. “Just because your father doesn’t think you are, doesn’t mean anything! You’re brilliant and generous and worth more than every damn cent he took from you.”
Silence.
The man eyes him and there is a flash of white teeth in the dark before the man turns his head.
The crowd was still cheering, sounding tinny and distant from the square television suspended in the corner above the bar. The volume was just high enough to be a low buzz for most of the patrons, but Steve could hear it crystal clear. He picked at a peanut shell as he let his gaze travel up to the screen where banners and posters fought valiantly to block the news cameras.
of May. Though he seemed to be on the small side, his lungs were powerful enough to wake the dead as he cried out when he was birthed. Immediately, the whole household doted on the young master. Anthony was one of the best things that happened in their lives and he knew that despite Howard’s distance and hesitance, he could see the pride in the man’s eyes. The entire Stark household became occupied with keeping the young master safe and happy.
At the age of eighteen, Tony earns his first doctorate degree and Howard and Maria threw a gala partially to honor the youngest Stark’s newest accomplishment, but it seemed as if it wasn’t even on his mind. Like getting a doctorate degree in Physics was something everyone else could just achieve. Jarvis had started to observe those around his young master; his friends were also invited to the event and they had all been preoccupied discussing several subjects in science and as such they were not aware of their surroundings. Perhaps if Tony had even paused for just a moment to look across from him, then he may have seen the longing glances thrown his way by his favorite blond. And just as Steve decided to mingle with the crowd around him, Tony decides to look across, pause, and send his own longing glances.
“I’m fine, Tony”
"Forever and ever?" He asked again.
“Uh, what?” he asked dumbfounded.
"Are you scared, Tony?" he said. And Tony could only nod.
"This is my shield." He said lowly. Tony merely nodded, still holding his shirt up.
Tony was raised by the Jarvises growing up. And Ana Jarvis always sang this one Irish lullaby to him.
"Yes, you were captain of the Nomad. But let's ease down for a moment" Steve gave him a look of confusion, his brows scrunching down. "Now, how old are you?"
He chuckled at that. “Yeah, Steve said that too”
“Mhm?”
“You’re an idiot, Stevie” he said before he started chuckling. “Oh my fucking God” he let out a long sigh, “I can’t believe my best friend and baby brother are banging each other. How the fuck is this my life?!” Steve only chuckled.
“Hey, Buck?”
When Tony had called at ass o’clock in the morning, he had half a mind to just end the call then and there (he really didn’t want to hear about someone he counted as his brother, and sex in the same conversation. It was just wrong. And weird. Emphasis on weird.). Then Tony started freaking out and he swore he was going to castrate Steve and then Bucky came up in the conversation.
Tony let his eyes wander around his older lover’s home. Steve’s apartment was very different from his large but always empty home. Knick-knacks, art supplies, pictures and books adorned every nook and cranny of the apartment. He stood up limping from last night’s rigorous activities. He limped towards the photos that lined up the bedside dresser. Pictures of Steve, Steve’s mom, Bucky, and a couple of other friends decorated the old wooden dresser. He picked up one of the frames which had him and Bucky with Steve at one of his family’s galas. They were all dressed for the occasion. Bucky and Tony quite used to their family’s old stuck up parties. They wore suits and ties and Bucky still had short hair at the time since this was the time he and Steve had been honorably discharged for their services in the army. Steve was not as comfortable in the outfit but he cleaned up pretty well.
“I do not think that is any of our calls, darling.” The both of them settled silently, watching their young son growing up and falling in love in front of their eyes.
“No fucking when I’m in the same building.”
came after and Tony couldn’t help but laugh out loud.
“You are a dead man, Rogers!”
“I couldn’t just say that! I couldn’t—didn’t know
One sleepless night, as he waited for his coffee to be done, he hummed the lullaby thinking no one else was up.
Especially if it’s by a certain Steve Rogers.
"Steve, you made it blatantly obvious you didn't want this anymore. Why would-"
Howard and Maria watching their young son fall in love with the young man serenading him.
"You didn't say you were an incubus!" Steve defended.
“But mom! I have work to—”
At first Tony gives him a pair of Hulk stretchy pants but even those can't hold.
“I slept with Steve” he blurted out.
"Where are they?" He asked to which Tony replied "They?"
“I don’t have to tell you what I’ll do to you if you ever try to hurt my best friend, do I?”
“It’s like murder but not because I want my brother to be happy and I still need a best friend” getting a mumbled ‘
The moment the blond hurts his young boy,
It was not his face, it was another little boy. Scrawny and blond, with eyes the color of the sky. He reached out and the boy mirrored his actions. He lifted a brow, the boy did the same. When he tried to talk though, nothing came out of the boy. Tony thought, he must live in the mirror then.
As he turned to leave again, he heard a deep growl from behind.
“To be fair, I wasn’t even allowed to be there.”
There was a mirror in the attic his father forbade anyone to see.
“I can be your new best friend” Clint raised his hand and laughed.
When Anthony was about three years old, James brought a friend over at the mansion who he introduced as Steven Rogers. Steven and James were apparently inseparable as they had been since they were eight. They had done anything and everything together. With Steven’s sickly stature, frail limbs and pale complexion, Jarvis had an urge to protect this child as well. When Steven had been introduced to little Anthony, he had smiled widely and cooed at the toddler. Anthony took an immediate liking to the blond child as they played and played. A few days later, James became Bucky and Anthony became Tony.
"Like the stars?" Tony grins.
“Because Buck just texted me and asked to bring bagels. Oh and you too”
He glanced down to the sleeping body beside him, their feet still tangled together in the sheets. A large muscular arm was resting over his lap, and he couldn’t stop the smile that crept up his face. He had slept with Steve Rogers.
“I honestly have no excuse so I’m just gonna say sorry. Sorry, Buck” Steve shrugged unapologetically.
“Did ya give him a shovel talk already?” he asked the older brunet.
“Yu-uh. But,” he shifted to face the brunet “if you really like him, and you really really want him,” he stretched out his words as he said them slowly “you could check back with him if he’d feel the same way.”
“Yeah we’re good. Thanks, Rhodey” He smiled as he hung up the phone. He leaned back until his head hit the mattress and tangled himself up in the Steve-and-Tony smelling covers.
Exciting because look! Someone who wasn't as sex-obsessed as other people and won't trigger his monster side from showing. Painful because Steve immediately started avoiding him once he learned he was some kind of demon.
"Your... nipples. They're not... there." Steve was so red that he looked like a tomato.
Steve talks about the vastness of space and the millions more stars he has seen in his career. He talks about the galaxies far beyond Earth and how some stars don't even seem like stars.
“Bucky!”
He made his way to the armchair directly in front of Steve and settled for an intimidating look. He made eye contact with Bucky first and then to the other occupants—Natasha, Sam, Clint and Phil. They all had the same look of protectiveness laced with mischief. Steve coughed with discomfort as the silence in the room began to unnerve him. Rhodey smiled inwardly.
The comms started the countdown and he braced himself.
His suit was covered in burns and his skin was a  bit singed. His chest pad luckily still had the name plate tho a bit melted by an apparent fire.
“You both are lucky I love the two of ya too much.” He hugged the two before walking away. “Next time, just tell me!” he shouted without turning to look at the couple.
There were fewer (near none) trips to space that were made after the loss as well. But Tony didn't want to be held back by past mistakes.
But even he had to admit that he had a massively soft spot for the young brunet. He surmised that it was probably due to Tony being younger than him by a few years when they met at MIT (he was already 21 while Tony was just turning 15). He knew he let the younger man get away with most things and even get dragged into the most ridiculous shit but he couldn’t fault himself for being soft on the guy. He couldn’t help but feel protective of the kid, like a big brother would (or a momma bear, Tony would say). They graduated at the same time with Tony only taking two years to finish his engineering degree and in those two years, the two had grown very close.
“Steve?”
“You do not have any more work, Antonio! You have done everything the first week you shut yourself in” his mother had ranted. Jarvis kept to the side, not interfering.
As the ship started its thrusters, he glanced at the window beside him to look at his parents looking up at him. His mother was crying, his father had his hands over his face. Tony swallowed a gulp and looked straight ahead instead. It was going to be a solo trip and he'll be glad no one will ever see his sadness im space.
“The hell happened to you?” Tony asked holding up the bag of bagels to him.
“Just say it, Jarv” Tony cut in with a worried glance.
Bucky and Steve came and went, spending only a few weeks in the mansion and then immediately get flown back to wherever they were sent to. At this point, Jarvis started noticing the lingering looks and the blush Tony gets when the blond was around.
He’ll take a beating or two, if that would mean he could be with the feisty younger Stark.
“What do you—What?! Jarvis, I just told you I was gay—” the teenager stood up and started pacing around and let go of his tools to grab at his hair. “How is that not a problem, Jay?!” the frantic voice of the young master made the older man’s heart ache. He stood up and carefully stopped Tony from his tracks. Laying a hand on his wet face, the man kissed him on his forehead before smiling down on him.
"I literally felt your boner die down when I shifted." Tony looked away as he said.
How vast and endless the darkness seemed, but they lit my way to you.
“I so wanna strangle you right now, Steve, don’t play smart with me”
And Steve starts to cry.
Holy shit.
They spent the rest of that night in each other's company, the lullaby humming through every breath.
They embraced you for who you are, my love
“I cannot believe you’re so—ugh!” he slouched and sighed before giving Steve an annoyed look.
from the blond.
“Of course.” Steve said with a stiff nod. “But if I ever do hurt him, feel free to do what you want to me. Hurting Tony is the last thing I wanna do.” Rhodey glanced at Bucky who leaned back in his seat with his arm draping over the space where Tony had sat.
He doesn't know he has to confess though.
They opened the door to a certain Bucky Barnes-Stark nursing a headache on his bed.
“You couldn’t say somethin’ along the lines of
"You knew mom too?" Steve laughs and explains that Maria used to frequent the Institute because her father used to be a professor there.
“Ow! Ow! Ow! Mom, please—”
“I am happy.” The brunet said in confidence and truth. “I really am.” They both smiled.
Everyone knows he's a demon, no need to show everyone what kind he is. It wouldn't change a thing.
‘You got this?’ Steve gave a silent nod and a small smile which the brunet interpreted as ‘Yeah, go do what you need to do’ Tony went out the door but before the door closed, Jarvis gave him a blank look at mouthed ‘good luck’ at him. He paled. Then he thought of Tony again and decided.
“That doesn’t make me feel better, Steven”
Steve pursed his lips in fond annoyance. Then he thought of something that should do the trick. He stood up and kneeled on the bed, putting a hand over Tony’s sleeping form. He leaned it closer to Tony’s hip and licked the precious skin not obscured by the sheets. A moan erupted from the young man and Steve smiled to himself. He traced circles with his tongue and he grew confident with each stroke.
