barely slept, because it was so weird to be in the flat without Sherlock. He supposed he had got used to Sherlock’s company.
“I should’ve come earlier,” John cuts in, rubs the side of his nose. “The next morning. I should’ve come to check that you were alright. I imagine that you… that it’s not something you do regularly, give someone head.”
She stays for five minutes. He doesn’t want to ask but eventually he asks anyway, and she doesn’t look the least surprised when she tells him that she’s not sure how he can get John to talk to him. John is angry at him. He
“Right,” Sherlock said and stood up. “I’m glad we had this conversation. It was only averagely dull. But now, if you’ll excuse me, I don’t know what’s happened to my London in the past sixty-five years and I intend to find out. I’m going for a walk. Don’t get worried if I stay away for a few weeks. That happens. Unless…”
“Fine,” Sherlock said, stepped out of his trousers and started unbuttoning his shirt. He was very… Someone had done a great job at designing the body for him. John cleared his throat and looked away, walked to the sink and washed his hands as slowly as possible, and when he turned back, Sherlock was taking off his boxers. “Slightly larger than an average human penis,” Sherlock said, not looking at John. “Calculated to offer the best possible experiment for the biggest number of people, considering both the physicality of sexual activities and absurd collective fantasies. Utilitarianism.”
And then, one night, he’s fucking Sherlock in their bed when Sherlock says his name in a tone that’s completely wrong. He stops, his hands still on Sherlock’s hips, his dick still inside Sherlock. He can feel Sherlock trying to relax under him,
“I think,” Mike said slowly, “I think he’s actually nicer than he… lets people think. So, I just wanted to say that maybe you’d like to… treat him like a patient.”
“Of course,” Mycroft said. “Well, now that I know that you are awake and sufficiently hydrated, I’m going to excuse myself. There’s a trade contract with the United States of America that needs my attention.”
“Do you need me to take off my shirt?” Sherlock asked, opening the zipper of his trousers. They looked fancy for a robot. “Or just my trousers?”
. He shrugs the shirt off his shoulders and hangs it on the back of a chair. Then he digs his fingers under the loose shreds of skin on his chest and pulls.
“In that TV show. And I’ve seen your commercials too, and… I’ve heard the ones in the radio. You’re just as good as you used to be. You just… maybe you don’t remember it yourself.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to tell John that he hadn’t kissed John. Instead, he had been meaning to bite John but had remembered what a mess it was to drink from humans and had then regained his self-control. But then he came to think that maybe John wouldn’t be happy if he found out that Sherlock had almost killed him. Maybe John would decide he didn’t want to live with Sherlock, and then he would leave. And Sherlock didn’t want that. John smelled so good.
“Sure,” Sherlock says. He had used to think about it, when he had been living with John in 221B. He had had relationships before. When he had slept with his first girlfriend, he had copied the whole scene from a movie. The girl had recognised some of the lines. So, with the next person, he had been more subtle. But he had still felt like he was acting. When they had been lying in the bed after sex, he had waited for someone to shout
“I don’t think I have a heart,” Sherlock says, but he doesn’t sound sure. He lets John kiss him, and he lets John push him gently down against the mattress. John kisses him on the crook of his neck, then down on his throat, then the hollow under his neck. He feels impossibly fragile. Just a human. Just a human, blood and bones, could break so easily. But John isn’t going to break him.
“The purple shirt,” John says, when Sherlock goes to the kitchen. “You still have that, then. Well, the tea is ready. Do you mind if I take a shower too?”
“John,” his therapist said, straightening her back and grabbing her notebook, “maybe you could tell me about it anyway, since we’re here.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. His own voice sounds wrong. Maybe John will think it’s because of the pain. The physical pain. “Well, I’m fine,” he adds. A lie. Certainly John will notice.
John paid for his groceries and took the metro home. There, he found Sherlock sitting on the sofa, staring at his laptop. “Hey,” he said.
Mike sighed. “It’s just that Sherlock’s not… functioning properly. One of the programmers checked the code but there seems to be nothing wrong with it. She suggested that maybe it’s… medical.”
John nodded. He was glad that he was alive, too. He didn’t remember ever feeling happier or more confused.
“About five litres,” Sherlock said and rubbed his temple with his thumb. “We aren’t going to do this today, John. I’m too distracted.”
Sherlock takes a step closer to John. He looks ridiculous, too. He’s wearing a sport jacket that has stripes on it. Phil likes
“But you’re thinking about something else. I have inserted my penis into you and you’re thinking about something else.”
“Of course it’s the same,” Sherlock says and then takes a deep breath. “Mycroft paid the rent while I was in rehab. You didn’t have to move out.”
John opens his mouth, then closes it again. Clenches his fists. Stands up, walks to the door, opens it, holds it open. “I don’t know why I missed you,” John says, staring at Sherlock until he walks out of the door.
John gets out of Sherlock’s coat, walks to the kitchen and puts the kettle on. Then he just stands there, staring at it. He doesn’t drink tea. He can’t remember ever drinking tea.
The timing wasn’t ideal. John hadn’t slept in thirty-three hours because there had been an explosion in one of the engine rooms and both he and Mike had been busy taking care of minor injuries like wounds and burns. He was goddamn happy that it hadn’t been worse, like that one time almost ten years ago, when he had been on his first mission in outer space and he had had to decide which leg belonged to which body after a very unfortunate collision with a meteorite. But he was also so tired he couldn’t think about anything except how to get into his own cabin and throw himself on the bed. If his insomnia kicked in again tonight, he would be a fucking wreck tomorrow.
“I know,” Sherlock says, and something in his eyes falters. “That was… that was a little bit surprising, even though I think I should have seen it coming. But the kissing part… I didn’t see
“How was it?” Sherlock asked. He was standing on the sofa, fiddling with the sleeve of his white dress shirt. “I was using a kissing technique that was popular in the 1920’s in Paris.”
“So, you’re Sherlock Holmes,” Mary says. A pretty woman. Clever, too, studied psychology in the university. Sherlock has spent countless hours googling her. She walks to Sherlock and shakes hands with him, obviously pretends not to notice that he’s pretty much as relaxed as an atomic bomb. A kind person, then. A good match for John. Better than Sherlock. “I’ve heard so much about you,” Mary says and smiles. It looks genuine.
“Sherlock,” John says, trying to keep his voice calm and failing, “if you keep doing what you’re doing now…”
“I meant,” Sherlock says, running his fingers up and down on the inside of John’s arm, “I’m not very good with people. In a way. I can tell what they’re thinking, I can tell what they want, but I can’t… It’s like a game. I know the rules, I understand them, I can read what’s happening on the game board. But if I try to play, you know, as myself, for
“John?” Sherlock shouts from the downstairs. He sounds bored. John goes to him, makes him eat, fucks him on the sofa, watches television with him, falls asleep in his lap, lets himself be half-carried and half-dragged to the bed, and the next day, starts googling Mycroft again. He finds a few pictures of Mycroft being much younger and posing with different kinds of mechanical animals. A cat, in the first picture. Mycroft can’t be much older than fifteen. A horse, in the next one. Then, a huge rat. It looks scary. Then, a rhino.
“- there’s been a misunderstanding,” Sherlock said and then realised what John Watson had just said. “Why?”
“Of course he’s listening to us,” Mycroft says, not sounding surprised at all. John, however, is slightly surprised to find out he’s able to like Mycroft even less than he did before. “It doesn’t matter. You’ve had your fun, Sherlock. Now let go of your toy before someone gets hurt.”
“Yes, I know its nutritional value is minimal,” Sherlock said and sighed loudly. “But really, I’ll be fine. You’re making tea.”
And then he had a feeling. It was the feeling of having had the same feeling before, and he also knew
“We’d be terrible,” John says, looking him in the eyes. John’s voice is quiet and hoarse, as if John almost doesn’t dare to say these things. “We’d be terrible together, Sherlock. A disaster.”
“I live here,” Sherlock said. The human was trying to wriggle free, so Sherlock pressed him tighter against the floor. He tried not to crush the human’s fragile human bones, though. He didn’t want that mess in his living room, not when he had just woken up.
“I thought about making a dog,” Sherlock says, his breaths warm on John’s face. He pulls John closer and John goes easily. Of
“And you smelled good,” Sherlock said. At least that was true. “I couldn’t control myself.” That was true as well.
John feels very cold. He takes a better grip on Sherlock’s hips, pulls almost all the way out of Sherlock and then pushes right back in. The whimper Sherlock lets out sounds so
to kill anyone, but humans are very fragile. They often die if you remove considerable amounts of their blood.”
should be the one apologising. But John has his job and his new flat and his Mary and his life without Sherlock, and in a few seconds, John is going to let go of Sherlock’s ankle.
something with an edge. “Maybe you’ve got a lover. Or a dozen of lovers. You’re so fucking clever, you could pull it off without me knowing. You could probably sneak someone into our house. Into your bedroom. And I’d be upstairs, knowing nothing, when you have sex with some man you barely know, let him fuck you, and I… I wouldn’t know, because you wouldn’t tell me, because you tell me
“Right,” John says now and straightens his back. He’s sitting on the flowery sofa again, Sherlock is sitting in a chair next to the wall across from him, and still it feels like their knees are in danger of bumping into each other. “So,” John says, “you’re clean now, right? You aren’t using anymore.”
“Imagine I can’t die,” John said and took a deep breath. “Imagine you can do anything to me and I won’t die. What would you do?”
“Yes,” John says in a steady voice, staring at the picture in which John and Sherlock are kissing. Without clothes. In bed. “Yes, I like that. Very good. So, about
“Aren’t you always,” John says, takes a glass from the cupboard, pours water in it and drinks. His hand is shaking slightly. “So, that’s why you’re limping.”
“I want you to come here,” Sherlock says, staring at John’s armchair. “Your armchair is still here. I want you to sit in it and… and have tea.”
“I’ll help,” Sherlock said, grabbed the left sleeve and helped John to get his arm free. “Here you go. Let me take that –“
wants nothing more than to kiss John now, because he’s a closeted gay chemist who’s been lonely for most of his life and has only recently realised that what he’s missing isn’t more hiking gear. And he’s in love with John. No, he’s in love with
” John says slowly, stroking the damp strands of hair at Sherlock’s neck. “You aren’t a drug addict.”
“…do you, John Hamish Watson, take this man, Sherlock Holmes, to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, in sickness and health?”
But, well, John wasn’t gay. He didn’t want to sleep with Sherlock. He liked the attention, though. He was flattered. Flattered, not gay. That was why his throat suddenly felt very tight and his shirt too small, when he wandered to the kitchen one morning, still half-asleep, and Sherlock caught his wrist, pulled him close and pushed his nose against the crook of John’s neck.
Thirdly, there was a man in the room. A living human man, who was staring at Sherlock, looking quite surprised.
“No, you don’t,” John said and glanced at his hand. He had wrapped Sherlock’s dressing gown around it a few minutes ago, when Sherlock had asked him to. That had happened right after Sherlock had... “Are you saying that you were trying to… suck my blood?”
“Well, you’re kissing me,” John says. His face feels warm. Sherlock’s fingers on him feel… very good.
to rip his skin off anyway, he just feels he needs to. He needs to see. He needs to fucking see what he
“I could leave,” Sherlock says. He probably wouldn’t. And he’s quite certain John wouldn’t make him to. But quite certain isn’t enough, and he can feel the way he tenses up while John looks at him and finally sighs.
He made John mourn for him. That’s not something that can be brushed off. He tries to hide that he doesn’t understand, but she sees it anyway.
John comes to Baker Street three days later. Just like that, he’s there, knocks on the door like a stranger and waits at the doorway until Sherlock invites him in. He’s holding himself tight like a soldier.
“Don’t talk,” John says, sharply enough that maybe he means it. And it’s good. Sherlock wouldn’t know what to say anyway. Perhaps he would tell John about the case. It was mildly interesting. A six, maybe a seven. A missing limb, a wrong set of dentures. John should have been there with him. They should go back to how things were, before, before Mary, before the dreams. Before he jumped off the building and made John watch.
It’s almost impossible to live with Sherlock Holmes, and John loves every fucking second of it. He doesn’t know what that makes him, so he refuses to think about that.
“You didn’t hurt me,” Sherlock says and then sighs when John glances at him. “That’s what I’m supposed to say.”
Sherlock certainly was wasting his time. He tugged at the collar of his black coat. The coat had unfortunately got a little wrinkled during his nap. He would have to take it to the dry cleaning. He walked to the window and opened it so that he could get some fresh air and maybe stop thinking about how great it would be to sink his fangs into John Watson’s neck and release the man of his blood.
He gets sperm on his shirt and mould in his hair, but later, he also gets a very slow fuck in bed, so he’s winning. But he can’t stop thinking about what Mycroft said.
“I know,” the nurse said. “Mike told me.” She walked through the door and then glanced over her shoulder. “Good luck.”
Then he took his coat and stood up. He was already at the door, when the thought crossed his mind that maybe he had forgotten to mention something. “Hey,” he said to his therapist, who was looking at her notebook with a baffled expression on her face. “I’m gay.”
“I’m asking you, though. I’ve checked that… that your responses are fine. I’ll tell that to Mike. We can stop this, if you like.”
“It’s not official yet,” John says, “I know. But we’re getting the divorce. We haven’t signed the papers yet but it’s real already. I’m living in a half-empty house. I’m… Well, I’m living in a trailer now.” John breathes out and almost smiles for a second. Sherlock stares at the corners of John’s mouths. He used to know all John’s smiles. He catalogued them in his mind, which was a bit not good, probably. “I haven’t missed living in a trailer,” John says. “But it’s better than living in that house.”
,” the robot said, stopping suddenly to glare at him. It was tall, taller than him, and it looked… angry. Then it blinked. “The doctor.”
“Yeah,” Sherlock says, fully aware that he’s wearing nothing except pants. “Yeah, I just… I thought maybe you had left.”
But then again, everyone was lonely in space. That was, like, the definition of outer space: there was just so much of it that it was impossible not to be lonely. But John was handling it well. He didn’t need Mike to set him up with anyone.
“We had sex in your dream,” John says. His fingers in Sherlock’s hair are gentle. But he wants to hurt. It’s in his eyes. It’s in the slow, careful movements. It’s been there since the day Sherlock jumped. It was in the dreams, too. Sherlock should have known. And he did. He
, is a story about two people, who get something good they didn’t expect and that’s why it takes them some time to realise what they have. And I really hope people are going to like it, but whatever happens, we did a good job with it. And filming it was very nice. We were in this tiny village Cornwall, and it was
“I’m alright,” Sherlock says. He doesn’t feel alright. He feels everything at once, and it’s terrible. He looks down on himself, but at least he’s wearing his boxers again.
“Of course,” John says and then opens the door. He’s still not looking Sherlock in the eyes. He looks like he’s in a rush but doesn’t know where to. “Good night, Sherlock.”
After the thirty years’ war. Back then, he had looked at the street and wondered if everyone had gone mad. Exactly like now.
“I’m not an idiot,” Sherlock says and then frowns, because that’s what idiots say. And he’s not an idiot. He just doesn’t understand. “What did you –“
“I need to call Lestrade,” Sherlock says, “and they can’t see you like that, not with your… well. Just do it.”
“Great,” John says and pats him on the back. They’re really standing close to each other. That’s because of the umbrella. “We can go for a dinner first. I’m sure you don’t need five hours to make your hair pretty.”
“Our characters, yeah,” John says, not exactly looking at him. “And having sex. These people are very creative.”
“This is Rosie,” John says. The baby glances at Sherlock. She’s tiny. It should be illegal for something so tiny to exist. And somehow she looks a little bit like John. “Rosie, this is Sherlock,” John says, his voice going softer when he’s talking to her. “Sherlock is my friend. My best friend.”
Another thing that had taken him a while to realise was that he was actually a little bit gay. Not that they had done much about it yet, Sherlock and him, but there had been a few conversations that had seemed a bit gay, and some kissing that had definitely been gay, and also John was thinking about all the gay things he wanted to do with Sherlock, to Sherlock, on Sherlock and in Sherlock. He had made a list, but Sherlock had found the list and then had nicked John’s laptop for ‘research’ as he called it. It had been quite loud and clearly explicit, and John had tried to keep drinking his tea but had in fact freaked out a little, because he didn’t know anything about being gay, only that he wanted to do it with Sherlock.
John clears his throat, leaves his tea and goes back upstairs. He’s there when Sherlock comes home. He glances over his newspaper when Sherlock hangs his coat and marches to the bathroom, closes the door but doesn’t lock it, and pisses, by the sound of it. Soon after, the water starts running. Sherlock takes a shower and then comes back to the living room, walks across the floor with a towel wrapped around his head and nothing covering the rest of him. He takes the skull, puts it on the kitchen table, drinks a glass of water and then goes back to the bathroom. John stops staring.
doing?” the human asked. Sherlock wasn’t exactly surprised to find out that the human lacked intellectual skills, but he was slightly disappointed anyway. On the other hand, he had just woken up. He was always sensitive after waking up. “What are
“I didn’t mean that,” Sherlock cuts in. “I meant that… I didn’t want you to help, because then you would’ve seen… you would’ve seen me going through it. I had done it before. It’s not pretty. It’s… I didn’t want you to see me like that.”
Oh, god, he’s perfect. Always was. From the moment they met. He was standing there at the doorway, looking at Sherlock as if he didn’t think much of Sherlock, and then something changed in his look. And Sherlock hadn’t expected much of John, either, and there he was now, a short man in a carefully picked outfit, tired eyes, narrow lips, shoulders pushed a bit too back, revealing that he was feeling out of place. Perfect.
,” John says and lets go. He steps forward and grabs John’s shirt. Didn’t mean to, of course not, he just… “What?” John says and pushes at Sherlock. “What are you
Sherlock breathes in and out. John will never know what that feels like. He’s so fucking jealous. “You told me you love me,” Sherlock says in a thin voice. “I don’t know why. You weren’t supposed to.”
“It’s alright,” the director says. He sounds amused. His name is Gavin or Gilbert or something and he just recently got back together with his wife, or so says Google. “We’ll start from the beginning. Ready?”
“Bye,” John said and then sat in his armchair like a delicious little human man as Sherlock walked out of the door.
“Listen,” John says, looking at the screen. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to say to you but I’ve never said.”
“Yeah?” John says, his voice not like it used to be, but not angry either. John’s fingers on Sherlock’s skin seem distracted.
Two years later, it turns out that he’s badly overestimated John’s capability to think rationally. John should be glad that he’s not dead. John
When they’re finally finished for the day, he goes to take a shower and fights the urge to just sit down on the floor and stay there, the water falling on him. A goddamn
“I’m aware of that,” John said and put on latex gloves. “I’m going to listen to your heartbeat first.”
dating,” John says, “I liked meeting someone nice who wanted to sleep with me, and dating was pretty much the only way I could make that happen. You were always weird about that, though.”
,” Sherlock says. He tries to laugh. People often respond favourably to laughter. But he can’t make the voice sound right. “I had a case.”
“It’s like I’m just different,” Sherlock says in a quiet voice. “Like they’re human and I’m something else. So, I didn’t… I never… I haven’t…”
“Why?” John asks, walking them backwards until the back of Sherlock’s knees hit the edge of the mattress. “Don’t you want me, then?”
“Yeah,” John says and clears his throat. Then he sighs and settles down on the mattress, next to Sherlock. “So, I told her.”
“Sherlock,” John said slowly, “you look hungry. You look hungry all the time, and especially when you look at me. You even look hungry after we’ve just had sex.”
John glanced at his palm. The scar was red but not infected. “It’s fine. It didn’t even hurt much. When you… drank from me.”
He walked around the last corner and stopped at Sherlock’s door. It was just like any other door, only the plate said
“John,” Sherlock said, sitting on the edge of the table. “I need to ask you to do something for me.”
John opened his mouth to tell Sherlock that he wasn’t, indeed, gay, but suddenly he had a feeling. It was the same feeling he had had years ago when his mother had asked him if he had stolen a biscuit and he had been holding the biscuit in his hand.
and the knowledge didn’t prompt John to leave. On the contrary, for the past half hour, John had been doing barely anything else than staring at Sherlock.
John shakes his head, goes to the kitchen and then just stands there when the camera focuses on Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock says and turns to John. There’s something on John’s face he didn’t expect to see. “I mean, I fell
“She probably thinks that’s the best way to keep me,” John says, “at least a part of me.” A pause. “She might be right.”
“You said you wouldn’t use him for that,” Mycroft is saying. “That’s the only reason why I allowed you to –“
John would never admit this to anybody, but sometimes he thought it was actually kind of nice that Sherlock liked him. He wasn’t gay, of course.
,” Sherlock said, looking at him as if he was stupid or something. Then Sherlock breathed out and pressed a light kiss on John’s wrist. “I can hear it, too.”
Sherlock presses his face against the pillow. He can’t. He just can’t. He’s already shaking, he’s already making noises he wasn’t planning to make, he can’t touch himself with John
“Sherlock,” John said, placing his hands on Sherlock’s chest but not pushing Sherlock away. This had happened before.
“I mean,” John said quickly, “if the relationship is otherwise great, you shouldn’t care about a thing like that, right? Because I really love him. I love him more than I thought I could ever love anyone, and I don’t think I’ll ever be able to break up with him, because living without him would be just unbearable, and also expensive because of, you know, the rents in London. So, we should just talk about it, right?”
“Okay,” he says and takes Sherlock’s hand in his. “So, what you’re saying here, do you… Are you saying that you don’t want this? Any of this? Because if it’s just about what we… I don’t need that. I can go on without that. We don’t need to… fuck. But don’t you want to kiss me? Don’t you want… anything?”
Sherlock came back to 221B the next day. It was late in the evening and John was sitting in his armchair, watching
“I said I know the basic principle,” Sherlock says, “but I’m not sure… I don’t think porn is a reliable source, so…”
But I wondered. Sometimes. I thought that maybe it just wasn’t your thing. Like, at all. Maybe you don’t even jerk off. Or you do but only when you absolutely need to, and it’s clinical, you think of… the periodic table or something.”
“Sorry,” John said, looking away from Sherlock. He started taking off the coat and his arm got stuck in the sleeve. “
Now, Sherlock rolls onto his back and John climbs onto Sherlock, hides his both hands under the duvet and starts moving. Sherlock touches John’s face with his left hand. That’s what the audience is going to see, that touch, while Phil and Tom get each other off.
Once, John had come home and found Sherlock wearing the coat and nothing else. Sherlock had thrown one look at John and then frowned so furiously John had been afraid of the damage that might do to Sherlock’s face. Sherlock had said that he hadn’t expected John home so early, and John had said it had been a quiet day in the clinic. Then he had retreated into his bedroom upstairs, and when he had come back to the living room, Sherlock had been wearing clothes again. John didn’t think about that day much, but when he did, he wondered what would have happened if he hadn’t gone upstairs and instead, he would have sat down on the sofa next to Sherlock.
“Yeah,” John said, “I know, I know I’m not gay, but kissing doesn’t really count. So, you… you want to kiss me, don’t you? That’s why you sometimes lick my neck?”
“It’s late,” Sherlock says. It is. He doesn’t know the time but it’s certainly late. This phone call has taken too long. Maybe John is tired of him, and he can’t let that happen. “You should go.”
“I’m sorry, “John said and walked to Sherlock. Sherlock took a step back. He was staring at John with wide eyes, and when John stepped into his personal space, he seemed to hold his breath. Well, that was odd. But Sherlock did odd things all the time. That was one of the reasons why John liked him so much. “I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John said and took Sherlock’s hand. “I really think you’re great.”
indeed had a hunch. But he had been slightly confused, until later that evening, Sherlock had told him he was gay and had tried to kiss John.
Actually, we didn’t hear from you for almost one and a half years, until you wrote a poetry anthology that left everyone very confused. Did you take time away from acting to write poetry?”
“They want to see it on my face,” Sherlock said, “or… feel that I’m tense, that it stings. Part of the fantasy.”
his throat, and he wasn’t sure when that had happened, because Sherlock had certainly started with his wrist. But now his hand was abandoned on the sheets and Sherlock was holding him by the chin and by the dick and sucking his throat. He liked it, but he supposed he would, because he was gay.
“Hey,” John says and takes Sherlock’s face between his hands. They are warm. They always are. “It’s the middle of the night and you’ve got a concussion. We aren’t having this conversation now.”
At first he had been confused, but he supposed that was understandable. After all, he had been sitting in his own armchair in his own (well, rented) living room, having a cup of tea, when a man dressed in a black suit and a long black coat had jumped through the floor, attacked him and kissed him on the neck. Anybody would have been slightly surprised.
“You’re doing it just fine,” John says, puts the cup of tea on the side table and grabs his knees. “And I’m not angry, I’m just… Well, I
“No,” Sherlock says now. His voice is hoarse and very low. He doesn’t sound like he just woke up, though. He sounds like he’s been awake all night, thinking. “Don’t apologise. It’s my fault.”
know, but there’s nothing to be done about that now, nowhere else to go. The blood is running down his face. He can taste it. The blow on his nose was hard.
“No,” John says, sharply, then breathes out. “Maybe. I don’t know. I don’t think we should do this. But I can’t stop thinking about it. It’s like… I’ve decided that I’m not angry at you anymore, but I just… it just won’t go away.”
“I just need a moment,” Sherlock said, “to… recollect myself. I don’t want to walk the corridors like this. Everyone knows who I am.”
. Mary Morstan is her name. She’s John’s secretary at the clinic. Now, she’s also John’s girlfriend. John sleeps every other night at her apartment. John is there right now, and that’s why Sherlock can sneak into the bedroom in the empty flat and sit down on the edge of John’s bed.
“Sherlock,” John says and squeezes his hip, “I want you to touch your dick. Do you hear me? I want you to.”
There are busy days with cases and slow days with the two of them staying home in Baker Street. Sometimes Sherlock still disappears and doesn’t tell John where he’s going, but that rarely happens anymore. John doesn’t wonder why he never asks Sherlock. It’s not that he doesn’t want to know, because he trusts Sherlock, doesn’t he? Of course he does. And at least he’s pretty sure Sherlock isn’t sneaking out of the flat to have a fair with someone else. He laughs out loud when the thought pops into his mind, and Sherlock glances at him from the sofa and asks what is so funny. He doesn’t say.
with this man, and yeah, there were tiny obstacles, like, apparently Sherlock kind of wanted to eat him. But he was sure other couples had managed with worse things. If things got really bad, they could always try couples therapy.
“It’s on me,” John says and pays for both of them. It doesn’t make sense. Before, John never offered to pay for Sherlock and instead always complained if Sherlock just assumed he would. Now, he touches Sherlock’s back as they walk out of the restaurant and back to the rain. He’s pressing his lips together and there’s a serious look in his eyes.
“Why?” he asks. The skin doesn’t come easily. Maybe it’s glued to… whatever it is that he’s made of. Metal. He’s made of metal. Just like the robots in those pictures.
Sherlock opens his mouth and then closes it again. He looks at John’s hand on his thigh, then at John’s face, then at the laptop. There, he’s smiling at John and he looks happier than he remembers ever feeling.
John sighed. This wasn’t the first time that he had tried to talk to Sherlock about the coffin. Sherlock seemed completely unable to understand why John didn’t think they’d need a coffin in the living room.
Oh, right, maybe he wasn’t going to die after all. Maybe he was going to come. Yeah, that was probably it. But he also felt light in the head. He had never tried drugs but he supposed it felt something like this. And Sherlock was kissing his throat,
“I love you,” Sherlock says and takes a deep breath. “I love you but you don’t love me. That’s how it’s always been.”
“See you later,” the robot said, and then someone knocked on the door and the door opened. It was a woman whose sprained ankle John had fixed half a year ago.
“Maybe,” Sherlock says and places his hands on John’s shoulders, “maybe you could forget you heard that and let me make it up for you.”
“Yeah,” he says, puts the cigarette away and thinks about lighting another, but that’d be too much. He pushes his hands into his pockets instead and clenches his fists. “It’s not your fault, obviously.”
John does it. He pulls the knife out and drops it, he walks to Sherlock and wraps himself in Sherlock’s coat, and he waits while Sherlock calls Lestrade, only turns out it’s not Lestrade, it’s Mycroft, and Sherlock holds the phone at the murderer’s ear for a moment and the man’s face goes all white. Then Sherlock actually calls Lestrade, and when Lestrade comes, the murderer doesn’t say anything about John.
“A romantic relationship,” John says, squeezing Sherlock’s thigh tighter. “With… sex. And everything. Everything you want. We don’t have to… if you don’t want to have sex, that’s alright, and if you don’t want to kiss me, then I’ll learn to live with that, but I want everything that you want. And I know that I’m a middle-aged actor who does naughty Christmas commercials and has a baby and a very recent divorce and generally not a good record at making relationships last, and I wasn’t going to say anything, I really wasn’t, because I always had the feeling that you were keeping your distance from me, and I thought that maybe you realised I was in love with you and that was why you… why you kept the distance, and why you started using cocaine, and why you left me with a note, and...” And he breaths in and out and lets go of Sherlock’s thigh. “Sorry.”
We’re going to be in love every single day for years and years, and we’re going to get used to it. It’s going to be dull sometimes. And irritating.
And love, John thinks, is made of little things. For example, when he makes Sherlock a cup of tea even though he doesn’t drink tea himself. Or when he decides he’s going to forgive Sherlock – not yet, but soon. Or when he realises Sherlock’s feet are cold and gets Sherlock’s socks from the bedroom because the bastard is too lazy to get off the sofa. Or when he blackmails Sherlock into promising to try to sleep at least four hours every night. Or when he tells Sherlock he loves him the first time after he got stabbed and realised he’s a goddamn robot, and Sherlock looks at him as if it’s a miracle.
“Yeah,” John says. “Of course not. Because you wouldn’t be so fucking stupid that you’d pick a fight with someone just to…”
Sherlock blinked. There was a stain of blood still stuck on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. It was absurd. It was so absurd it absolutely couldn’t be real, but also there were few explanations that John could think of for why Sherlock had grabbed his hand, pressed his mouth against the cut and
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says and clears his throat. “Really. It’s fine, John. I don’t think I can stop loving you, but it’s fine. I can handle it. Nothing needs to change. We can… we can go for a pint. Like people do. We can –“
“Yeah,” John said, clearing his throat. “John Watson. I just… I made an appointment for you. In the sickbay. You didn’t come.”
John says words that don’t really register in his mind. Something about him. Something about what he did. Something about how John keeps coming back to him, time after time. Something about his skin. Something about his arse.
The apartment is quiet. John’s footsteps go further away in the corridor. Sherlock’s pulse is too rapid. He drinks a glass of water, walks to the sofa, sits down. Looks at the wall for fifteen minutes, then takes his coat and goes out, walks the streets until his head is numb.
Sherlock smiled. It felt odd on his face, but then again, he hadn’t smiled in sixty-five years. “No, he’s not my
“It’s a bit worrying, though, isn’t it? To think that someone could make a robot that would look like a …”
certainly doesn’t believe him. Probably wouldn’t do it even if he thought John meant it, but he knows John doesn’t mean it, and John knows that too, so they’re both pretending. Eventually Sherlock wanders back to downstairs and John drifts off and dreams about using hands that aren’t his.
appointment. I’m not… this isn’t…” He glanced at Sherlock, but Sherlock was looking at him as if this was entertaining, which was totally unfair. It was a robot. It wasn’t supposed to laugh at John. “Just go,” John told the nurse. “Please. And… this is really… just a check-up.”
Sometimes Sherlock had the coat on when he was in the flat and not even planning to go anywhere. If John asked him if he was cold, he said no. John had never asked him why the fuck he was wearing the coat then. Maybe John didn’t want to know. Or maybe he liked to think that Sherlock was doing it for
Sherlock clears his throat. Oh, god, he can’t stop thinking about the picture he just saw. “Well, Phil is… Phil is gay, obviously, and he always kind of knew that. But also he’s always thought that relationships are hard and not worth it. He’s never met anyone who’d matter to him enough that he’d really consider trying. But then I met John –“
“We aren’t going to move to Norway, and I don’t want you to watch nature documents anymore. You’ve had this weird fixation on Norway for two months now and only because you saw it in a nature document.”
“Stop talking,” Sherlock snapped at Mycroft and then turned to John. “You don’t have to do this, John. We can just throw him out. Maybe through the window.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says and tilts his head to the side to look at John. “Cocaine, mostly. Sometimes heroin. Sometimes anything I could find. I was trying to be… selective, but sometimes the circumstances were a bit too much for me.”
John took his hand and squeezed it. John’s hand was warm and shaking slightly, and he was quite certain that he loved John. “Yeah,” John said, looking like he might start either crying or laughing. “We’re stealing you.”
“No,” he says, “no, I just… I just miss you when you’re away, but I also don’t want to come with you.”
“And that’s enough,” Greg says. “That was great. Next time, let’s go a little bit slower. John, maybe you could use your right shoulder a bit, so that we can see what you’re supposed to be doing down there.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says, “I don’t know much about this. Having intimate relations with someone. I’ve seen other people do it, just…”
And more people come to talk to them. Someone wants to take a picture of them and John drapes his arm around Sherlock’s back. John’s breathing smells of alcohol. It’s not as unpleasant as it should be. Someone asks what it was like to kiss while filming and John goes very quiet. Sherlock says it was fine. Then he says that if he has to kiss someone, John is his first choice. John laughs in a sharp tone. Someone holds up a phone and asks them to do it again. John touches Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock turns to John. He’s not going to kiss John, not in front of all these people, and then he starts to think that maybe this is the last time that he’s going to get to kiss John. And it’s not real. It’s for the show. It wouldn’t change anything.
John bit his lip. He didn’t want to get angry, but he was too tired to laugh. He just wanted this fucking endless shift to end so that he could get to sleep. “Mike, it can’t be medical. That thing is a
“No,” Mike said, “no, I’m scared of what he’s going to say. I can’t handle any more truths about my life right now. It’s better that you do it.” And then he sighed and smiled, and for a second John thought he would say something absolutely mad, like insist that John and the robot might like each other. That was definitely Mike’s
Sherlock finds a bathrobe and wraps himself in it. When he goes back to the living room, John is still sitting on the sofa.
John looks at Sherlock. He’s pressing the murderer against the ground. It seems absurd. Almost as absurd as the blade in John’s chest.
“I mean it,” John says. “Don’t be afraid. We can do anything you want. We can… I’ll be careful. With you. With your…” He swallows. “With your heart.”
Mary only smiles at him. “Try to be gentle with John. And with yourself.” And then she’s gone. The scent of her perfume lingers behind. Her hands have touched everything in this flat, including John, who is now standing in front of Sherlock, looking worried.
“It does,” John says and then glances at the clock on the wall. “Did you say that you could pick Rosie up from school today?”
“When we’re done with this movie,” John says, pointing his finger at Sherlock, “when we’re finished, you won’t get to disappear. I won’t allow it. We’re going to keep in touch. We’re going to be friends again. We’ll go, I don’t know, we’ll go for a pint or have tea or something, and if you ever start using cocaine again, and you shouldn’t, but if you do, you’re going to tell me, alright? You’re going to fucking tell me if you start using cocaine, Sherlock, do you hear me? Do you –“
“Sorry,” Sherlock says, “I’m sorry, I really am, I… I don’t know how to apologise properly. I’m not good at this kind of things.”
“Stop talking,” John says and presses his thumb against the front of Sherlock’s boxers. His penis. John is touching his penis through the layer of fabric. He can’t believe it. He can’t function. He can’t
He couldn’t think with Sherlock’s knee in between his thighs. Maybe they should just do it. One time. It wouldn’t mean anything. They were flatmates who sometimes kissed, and from now on they would be flatmates who had once fucked. Stranger things had happened. It would be like having a one-night stand with your new favourite person in the whole fucking world. Perfectly casual.
Sherlock turns and walks to the kitchen, pours himself a glass of water, then pours the water in the sink. John told Mary that he and Sherlock had sex, and Mary didn’t leave, no, Mary didn’t even stop sleeping in John’s bed. So, John had to make it sound like it didn’t mean anything. And it didn’t. Of course it didn’t.
,” John says, breathes the word through his teeth. Closes his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, then immediately lets go. Replaces his hand, touches Sherlock’s shoulder. Brushes Sherlock’s chin with his thumb. “What’re you doing?”
“Who’s that?” someone asks – Mary, Mary is here, and she already knows the answer, of course. She walks to them.
He opened his mouth and then realised he was too tired to argue. “Okay. Alright. I’ll do it. Can you… could you possibly wrap this up without me?”
“John,” Sherlock said and kept nipping John’s neck. During the past week, John had quickly discovered that Sherlock was a big fan of making love bites.
“Because you want to.” Sherlock breathes out. “Because I want to. And, well, with a lot of lubricant, I suppose.”
for this, did he? He wasn’t looking for this, anything like this. He was alone, and he was fine with it. And then John found him, just like that, moved in with him and made everything better, and now he can’t live without. It’s unbearable. And it’s John’s fault. John should understand that.
“John,” Sherlock says, when John drags him onto his feet and walks into the bedroom. They’re still kissing. They are really kissing now. Sherlock’s mouth tastes of blood when he kisses John back. “This is a bad idea,” Sherlock says, hands wrapped around John’s shoulders.
“Yeah, we…” And then John bites his lip and looks straight at Sherlock. He looks older. More than two years older, actually. He has new lines on his face and his hair has more grey than it used to. “We don’t,” he says. “We don’t know each other anymore.”
-face. But thank god Mike didn’t and instead walked out of the closet and let John stare at the bandages alone until he felt sane enough to go back and do his job.
,” John says, not exactly articulately. His fingers tighten in Sherlock’s hair, then loosen their grip again. His eyes are wide and fixed on Sherlock.
Sherlock sighs and looks up at him. He looks back at Sherlock. This is crazy. This is absolutely crazy, but it’s also everything that he has.
, a touching story about two men who move in together and fall in love but struggle to find the words to talk about their feelings. So, Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, the two stars of this movie – can you relate to the plot at all?”
“That’s it,” Greg says after the fourth take. “That was good. Good kissing, John, and Sherlock, I liked the sound you made at the end, the tiny groan there. It sounded genuine. Good job. Now, let’s get you two to the bedroom.”
John Watson liked to think that he wasn’t an idiot. He had his weaknesses, like everyone else, but generally speaking, he wasn’t stupid. He knew what was going on in his life, and what was going on in his life was that he had a perfectly acceptable job, a messy but otherwise nice flat, and a flatmate with whom he got on pretty well. They were friends. They were best friends, actually. Sherlock Holmes was the strangest man John had ever known but also the best, and everything was good. Whenever someone glanced at John with the certain look, the one that said
been ignoring me for two years. But you still are… I still care about you. So, it’d be nice if you stopped smoking. And, just… generally, just… I hope you’re well.” He sighs and rubs his nose. “You haven’t been working. Not since you left.”
“No,” Sherlock says. He’s looking John in the eyes. He looks exactly like he did this morning, when everything was different.
Sherlock let out a breath and then drew another in, when John pressed his fingertip against his entrance.
After Sherlock has solved the murder, they get back to 221B, drop their stinking coats at the doorway and take turns showering. John makes tea while Sherlock is in the bathroom, and when it is his turn and he gets into the shower cubicle, Sherlock comes there with him and pushes him against the wall. Sherlock’s knees hit him on the thighs, he accidentally elbows Sherlock on the stomach, and when Sherlock kisses him, he knocks the back of his head against the wall.
“You’re hurt,” John says, and then he’s touching Sherlock, and it’s good, it’s so good it must be really happening because Sherlock couldn’t dream
“I’m not embarrassed,” John said. God, he was embarrassed about… about all this. But that wasn’t important now. “I don’t see the point.”
“No,” he says, “you didn’t do anything stupid.” Then he turns around and retreats into his bedroom. He needs clothes. And a shower, but what if he takes a shower and John leaves? And he can’t ask, because then John would know how desperately he wants John to stay.
“But anyway, he likes my blood,” John said, “and I think he would like it if I… if I cut my hand when we have sex, or something. He’d like to taste it. And I’m just wondering, is that weird?”
“We could find out,” John says, then frowns at himself. Takes the condom off, winces while doing it. “We could find out what you like.”
being an idiot, and took a step away from the coat. Then he stopped. Really, it was just fabric, just Sherlock’s coat, and Sherlock was out, and besides, Sherlock had used John’s toothbrush for a scientific experiment
taste… Or maybe you don’t want to know. So, anyway, I try to avoid feeding on humans. It’s messy and complicated, and I don’t exactly
“Sherlock,” John says, opening the door, angry and dismissive. Then he looks at Sherlock again. “What –“
“So I thought,” Sherlock says, pushes his elbows against the table and stands up. John rushes to the living room, takes a blanket and comes back, wraps Sherlock in it and kisses him. “I’m alright, John.”
He has a chat with Mary Morstan at Tesco. She doesn’t recognise him. He’s oddly disappointed. Surely John has talked about him.
Sherlock bites his lip. Moving his hands is difficult, as if he’s under water. He touches the zipper of John’s jeans, then opens it. John has blue boxers. Cotton, new, not expensive. A gift from Mary.
Sherlock shakes his head. There are some things he’s wanted to say for so long that maybe they have become impossible to say. On the screen, he looks like he’s in love with John Watson. He also feels it inside him. Sometimes it feels good and sometimes not so much. These days, it often feels as if he’s been having a very long conversation with himself about why it’s alright that he will never get what he wants.
John wasn’t sure if he believed Sherlock or not. Maybe Sherlock just didn’t want John to be a vampire. Maybe Sherlock thought John was too short.
“I thought you were gay,” John says in a quiet voice. He sounds like he’s trying to be brave. “But you weren’t interested in anyone. Ever.”
John laughs. He doesn’t feel it inside him. He thought he used to. “Like what, then? Were you going to tell me?”
“So,” Sherlock cuts in, his voice coming out too thick but there’s nothing he can do about that now, “
He tries to call Harry, but she doesn’t answer. He tries again. He’s not sure when he last talked with her. Not in a while, he thinks. And he can’t find any pictures of her or of their parents, which is kind of bad, because he’s having troubles trying to remember their faces. Maybe there’s something wrong with his memory. He thinks about that for a moment and then decides that there’s no reason to panic. He was in Afghanistan for three years. Maybe he just hasn’t visited any of them after he came back. That’s why he doesn’t remember their faces. He doesn’t really remember anything that happened before Afghanistan clearly. Maybe it’s the trauma. And Afghanistan feels like it happened to someone else, too, to some other John with whom he’s now sharing his memories and his body. That John never thought he’d have a relationship with someone like Sherlock Holmes.
“You made me,” he says. It feels like he’s talking, with his own voice, but what does that even mean now? “You
“She looked very real,” John says and clears his throat. “She had… the left half of her body was metal, you know, so I could see the… the wires and… everything that she was built of. And the other half had been covered with… it looked like skin. Human skin.”
“It’s alright,” he said, “remember to breathe.” He should remember that, too. “I’m going to do it again. You’re doing very well, just…” And he did it again, and Sherlock made that sound again, biting lower lip, his legs flinching at the stirrups. “Is that pain?”
Sherlock clears his throat and realises he’s been leaning against John’s shoulder. He straightens his back and John glances at him and then pulls his hand quickly away from where he has been playing with the fabric of Sherlock’s trousers.
“You appear considerably distressed,” Sherlock said. “That’s highly atypical behaviour for you, since you are very confident about your skills as a doctor.”
John takes a clean tissue, tries to wipe the blood from Sherlock’s face, gives up, and takes a light grip on Sherlock’s chin. Sherlock has never had any difficulties at telling him no.
was the one who listened through the door while John was wanking and then made vague comments afterwards. It was irritating and weird and made John wonder what the hell was wrong with his life, but also it made wanking so, so,
“It’s obvious,” the robot said, tilting its head to the side and watching him as if it could see straight through him. He tried to remember what he knew of its design. Certainly it wasn’t possible that it had a X-ray machine installed.
John moves forward. Probably doesn’t mean to. But he does, yes, he walks to Sherlock, cornering Sherlock between the counter and the fridge. He smells of Mary’s perfume, or perhaps Sherlock is imagining it. “I just came here to apologise,” John says, his voice perfectly steady now. He’s angry. It’s in his eyes. He’s angry at himself, but he’s more angry at Sherlock. “Because you were vulnerable and I let it go too far. I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.”
So, Sherlock has sex with John Watson. On camera. None of it is real, and luckily that’s a hard thing to forget, when the room is full of people and someone’s showing a light at his face and he’s sure he’s sweating his makeup off. He gets somewhat used to lying in bed while John is on him, pretending to wank him. He kind of gets used to the kisses, too. But his heart is still beating too fast.
“Hey,” John said, reaching to touch Sherlock’s face. Sherlock’s skin was very smooth and cool, almost cold. They should turn up the heating. “A walk in the park?”
“No,” Sherlock said. Wasn’t it enough that Mycroft asked him that all the time? Did he really have to endure
you,” Sherlock says against the crook of his neck, then pulls back, looks down and wraps his fingers around John’s dick. “You’re aroused.”
“Alright,” John says. The warmth of his body fades as he straightens himself. His hand stops petting Sherlock’s hair, his other hand disappears from where it was circled around Sherlock’s stomach. He grabs Sherlock’s hips again, pulls back – just an inch or two, only Sherlock can’t really trust himself to observe right now, because he - -
In the morning, John finds Sherlock in the kitchen, building something that looks like a mechanic hand. Sherlock doesn’t say anything about the kiss, so John doesn’t say anything about the kiss, and the days start going by.
John breathes out. “You were kind of… you didn’t like it when people got too close. You were so… independent. Your own man. You kept everyone at an arm’s length.”
“You and me,” John says, licking his lips. He looks like he wants to kiss Sherlock and also doesn’t think that he’s supposed to want to kiss Sherlock. Sherlock can’t understand how John can do all that acting with his
“No,” Sherlock shouts back. His voice comes out too sharp, but he can’t help it. “Absolutely not. You don’t need to go.”
“Because you thought it was cheesy and stupid,” John says, “and you didn’t bother memorising it properly, you git. And also, yesterday when we saw that scene on the screen, you were watching me.”
“But I thought I did,” John says, looking at Sherlock’s hands. “And I thought I was… I didn’t realise that I’m not… eating or drinking, or…”
Then, of course, he almost overdosed and went to the rehab and lost John. It turns out that fooling yourself is much more difficult when you’re sober.
John holds his hand at the door handle, seemingly uncertain what to do with it. “And because it’s been more than two years since you’ve had an acting job, and this is a perfect opportunity for you to get back.”
“What?” Sherlock asked, looking up from the hand and fixing his eyes on John. Then he blinked and glanced at the hand again. “Oh, hello, John.”
him. “But I was lonely,” Sherlock says, “and, well, maybe I wanted to show Mycroft that I could. That I could make a human.”
John lets go. “Sorry,” he says and rolls onto his back. He’s still naked. He remembers going to the toilet last night. He didn’t know if he was supposed to come back or go to his own bedroom, so he just got back into the bed with Sherlock, and Sherlock didn’t tell him no.
“So, I could just finish you like this,” Sherlock says, his voice quiet and slightly curious. Like John is a riddle. An experiment. Oh god, he probably shouldn’t like that. “John?”
John nods. He doesn’t really think that these things are connected, of course not, that would be crazy. That would be like something that could happen in a science-fiction novel. This isn’t science fiction, this is John’s
“I don’t really believe that,” John says. He realises vaguely that he’s been squeezing his thighs under the table. His knuckles are going white. “But Mycroft doesn’t do it anymore, does he? He doesn’t build robots? That look like humans?”
“Right,” John said but took the key when Mycroft put it in his hand. Mycroft’s fingers were very cold, but maybe that was just his personality.
“That’s not reassuring,” John said, even though it was. His therapist had told him once that he had a tendency to get into situations that were dangerous and then ignore the danger of the situation. Maybe she had been onto something.
“Why did you do it?” Sherlock asks. He’s in the living room, standing on the sofa. Maybe he wants to be taller. It’s ridiculous, because he is already the tall one. John is… he can’t remember how tall he is. Not tall.
“You had no fucking right,” he says, raises his other hand and pushes his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock closes his eyes. “You had no fucking right to make a creature that’s… that’s intelligent enough to think that they exist. You gave me
The human man was shouting at him. Also, even though he was weak like all humans, he had somehow managed to grab Sherlock’s arm and was trying to pull it behind Sherlock’s back. There was a slightly uncomfortable sensation in Sherlock’s shoulder, and even though that might have been due to sleeping too long, Sherlock was moderately impressed. He was also distracted. He was pressing the human against the floor but still hadn’t bitten through the skin, and even though the human smelled fantastic, at this point he couldn’t help thinking about all the reasons why he didn’t usually drink from humans.
Well, he supposed it was obvious, considering the way they had met: him lying on his back on the floor, and Sherlock sitting on his crotch, pressing him down by the shoulders, staring at his neck with a hungry look in his eyes. John should have understood it right away. And he
“The blowjob,” John says and clears his throat. “Yes, I’m asking about the blowjob. You were very quiet.”
When the taxi stops at John’s flat, John doesn’t get out. Sherlock points out that this is John’s home and John wants to sleep here. John just stares at him and says he looks older than four years ago but still good. He tells the driver to take them to Baker Street. When they stop there, John gets out of the car easily enough and stumbles to the front door while Sherlock pays the driver. At the door, John tries to fit all his keys one by one into the lock. It won’t work, because John doesn’t have the key. He doesn’t live here anymore. Sherlock opens the door and follows John up the stairs, opens the door to their flat, no,
“We could get a place like that,” Sherlock says. “Somewhere far away where nobody would recognise us.”
John smiles at him and then goes to the bathroom. Sherlock pours himself a cup of tea and then sits in the living room, thinking about how different the whole place feels when he can hear John in the bathroom, turning the water on. The empty spaces in the flat shrink and disappear. He forgets to drink his tea but it doesn’t matter, and anyway he’s busy listening to John. Maybe John is washing his hair now. Maybe John is using Sherlock’s shampoo. Maybe John will smell of Sherlock’s shampoo in a few minutes, and of Sherlock’s toothpaste, and of Sherlock’s laundry powder.
. It’s just that one time, I was having sex with someone and I got a little distracted and they tried to stab me. But I was thirsty. I’m not thirsty now. I took a walk in the park.”
John straightened his shoulders and raised his hand to knock on the door. He was a doctor and a soldier, he could do this, he could have a brief conversation with the sex robot about why the fuck it hadn’t come to the appointment in the sickbay even though John had set it up in its calendar. But he didn’t have time to knock on the door, because it slid open.
John is quiet for a few seconds and then laughs. It’s a perfect sound. “Yeah. Yeah, I did. So, what do you… I hear that you don’t have tea.”
“I wouldn’t,” John says, but he thinks he would. He’s exactly that kind of a person. And he started having sex when he was… sixteen, he thinks. With Carol. From next door. Now when he thinks about it, it feels like it happened to someone else. Like when you see a dream about a movie. He can’t even remember Carol’s face. “This is new to me, too,” he tells Sherlock.
“Yeah,” John says and rubs the back of his neck. “I met her almost immediately after you left. She made everything better. She… I suppose she made me forget about you. I know that sounds silly, but –“
“No,” Sherlock said immediately. His eyes were wide and he looked pretty much as shocked as John felt. “That would have been an unfortunate side-effect.”
“You’re alright,” John says, petting his hair, then presses his face against the back of Sherlock’s neck. “Can I move?”
“Well, I’ve seen the way you look at me,” John said and breathed out. “I thought you were just very gay. But actually, this explains it even better.”
The dislocated shoulder hurts like hell. It hurts more when John puts it back into place. Mary is there that night, sits on the sofa and looks at Sherlock when John is finished and tells Sherlock to go. Maybe Mary pities him. Maybe that’s what the look in her eyes is about.
“Sex,” Sherlock says. His voice is strange, it doesn’t belong to him anymore. It belongs to someone else, someone who’s sitting at John’s feet in John’s new hideous living room. “We had sex,” he tells John with a stranger’s voice. It’s a stranger’s head John is caressing now. It must be.
“And you fell to the mud with your face first,” the interviewer says. “It looks very real. How did you film it?”
“I’m not going to kill you,” Sherlock said. He was in bed next to John, so close that John’s arm was touching his chest. His skin felt cool, as always.
, just so he could watch Sherlock looking mysterious like a modern vampire while sitting in their living room and talking to John about tobacco ashes.
“And we were living together,” John says, “and one morning, you were gone. Just like that. No fucking word –“
, that was… He fucking wished he would’ve known what it felt like, because judging by Sherlock’s face… He wished he’d have been so sensitive down there, too, and then he wanted to hit himself on the face for thinking that, because he wasn’t jealous, of course not, that was a terrible thought,
“Of course,” John says, “of course I have.” He can’t remember when, though, or with whom. But he’s sure he’s had sex. Before. Before Sherlock. He’s had sex with women, because he’s not gay. “It’s alright,” he tells Sherlock, rubs Sherlock’s cheekbones with his thumbs and pushes his fingertips into Sherlock’s hair. It’s still wet from the shower. “I’ll take care of you.”
The next morning, he’s barely woken up when there’s the sound of someone walking up the stairs to the door. He checks that he’s wearing pants under the bathrobe. There’s a knock on the door – not John, not Mrs. Hudson, not Lestrade, not Mycroft, so who then -
a family program,” the interviewer says and pulls up a print of… of… “This is actually quite impressive, isn’t it?”
“I could do it again,” Sherlock says. He feels like he’s holding his breath. Then he realises he actually is.
“I’ve been in love with you for years,” Sherlock says. Every time he says it, it’s a little easier. He wonders if he’s ever going to stop. “I fell in love with you right in the beginning. Possibly the moment I met you, even though you’d probably call that attraction. Or maybe lust, even though that word has a weird ring in it –“
“I could do it to you,” John says, watching Sherlock’s face. “What you did to me. With your… mouth. I could do it. I could suck you. Make you sit on the edge of the sofa, push your knees apart, open your zipper, and then just,
John couldn’t believe Sherlock was still there, talking to him about this. Almost like this was important. “You saw that on the television, then? People holding hands?”
without Sherlock, not anymore. But what if he chopped onions again and cut his hand and Sherlock would kill him in their kitchen?
Sherlock glances at the next line. Then he freezes. Then he looks at the producer, and at the script again, and at John, who’s looking away from him. “What?” he asks nobody in particular. “What is this?”
“A bit shocked, that is,” John says and smiles again, then steps to the door and opens it. “Alright. Good night, then.”
“Thank god,” John says, licking his lips, “because I’m in love with you, too. I thought there was at least a chance that you’d be, but I wasn’t sure, so –“
Sherlock glanced away. He looked unhappy. But he was sitting at the kitchen table with John and answering every question John asked, more or less. That was good. Communication was essential for a relationship. John had read so on the internet.
kissed you. Obviously that wasn’t wanted, so I apologise. I’m not going to do that again. Unless you –“
“Not bad weird, though,” John says. He sounds nervous, and as if something’s creeping into his voice that he tries to keep out. He didn’t use to sound like that, before. Or maybe Sherlock just doesn’t remember. You can’t trust your memory, so he’s heard, and you definitely can’t trust it if you were high at the time. “Right?” John says in a quiet voice.
John looks at him. “I mean, you and me,” John says and takes a deep breath. He looks ridiculous. The movie is set in the 80’s and John has huge glasses that look like they’re about to fall off from his nose. “I mean, you and me. We are what we are, Phil.”
“It’s not fair,” he says, moving his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. “You had no right to make any fucking decisions about my existence.”
“Sherlock?” John says. The producer is looking at Sherlock as well. At least there’re no other actors in this scene. John and Sherlock are supposed to be alone in the cottage they are renting together. Well, alone except for John’s teenage girl, who’s listening to very loud music in her room.
“Morning,” Mary says and walks into the living room. She’s dressed for work, in a hurry but hides it well, slept alone last night. Sherlock wonders vaguely how much she knows and how much she’s reading from him right now. People always become more obvious when they’re emotionally compromised.
“Because,” he says slowly, not thinking about John’s thigh pressing against his, “generally speaking, people don’t like me, and I don’t like them.”
“John,” Mike said, staring as John looked at the things on the shelves and wondered what to do with them. Cataloguing the supply closet was the nurses’ job and he had no idea how to do it. “Have you talked to Sherlock?”
… I mean, if you want to hold a dead hand, I certainly can’t… It’s not my business, that’s what I mean. You can touch anything you want. Even if it’s dead. You can… okay, I’m not going to imagine what else you could do with it. I just… just…”
He swallowed and reminded himself that he wasn’t doing this for himself, no, he was doing this for Sherlock, who was his flatmate and odd and oddly nice and probably in love with him. Sherlock wanted to kiss him, and he didn’t mind, so he could as well do it. “Fine. We can… we can kiss.”
“It’s just an appointment,” John said, looking at the nurse, who was doing a bad job at trying not to smile. “A
“Shh,” John says, when Sherlock opens his mouth. Then John moves his hand, pushes his fingers under the waistband of Sherlock’s boxers, then manoeuvres his hand in. When Sherlock looks down at his own lap, he can see the tip of his cock in John’s palm. It’s red and leaking. “Is this alright?” John asks.
Sherlock opens his mouth and then closes it again. He tries to kick Sherlock in the leg but Sherlock moves away and pulls John’s hands behind his back.
“And it’s just blood anyway,” John said. “And it’s not like I don’t want it. Because I kind of do. And he says he doesn’t want to kill me. But I was thinking, do you think it’s possible that my tendency to not avoid dangerous situations might make me more eager to accept some aspects of our relationship that are a bit questionable?”
“Hey,” John says, wraps his arm under Sherlock’s stomach and holds him from falling flat on the mattress. “Hey, hey –“
“So,” John said and cleared his throat, “if you aren’t going to kill me, what’re you going to do to me instead?”
Sherlock can hear John breathing. “I just… You promised you’d tell me if you started using again. I thought, maybe you had…”
“No,” John says immediately, “I didn’t mean that, don’t… Sherlock, you don’t need to look so offended.”
“You can read an report about what your skin is made of,” Sherlock says, “later. I made you clever because I didn’t want to have to talk to an imbecile.”
Sherlock says, “is obviously in love with you. So, sex feels like a logical outcome. Although I wouldn’t know where to start.”
“Good,” Sherlock said, watching him carefully. “That’s… good. Thank you. I’ll just go, then.” And Sherlock walked to the door, opened it, stepped out of the flat, and came back two seconds later. “I’m only wearing pants.”
“We’re going to grow tired of each other sometimes, but we’re going to love each other anyway,” John says. “Every day, we’re going to choose to be at each other’s side.”
Sherlock is still standing at the doorway. He tries to put on a smile. Judging by John’s face, he’s not doing it well.
“It’s just that I’ve read about it,” Sherlock says. “Apparently you’re supposed to be able to stimulate your prostate externally, rubbing your perineum. But I don’t know if it worked.”
. I don’t know why I would want anything from you anymore. I don’t have a fucking clue why I’d still care about you. Not after what you did. You have no fucking idea what it’s like to
Mycroft stared back at him for a few seconds and then sighed. “Alright, I’ll admit that this is boring. I’ll go. Just don’t let him do it in the living room, John. You don’t want blood on the carpet.” Mycroft took his umbrella. “Goodbye, Sherlock. And goodbye, John. I wish you find the rest of your life pleasing.”
“Yeah,” John says. He’s smiling again, thank god. “Yeah, I noticed that. It was a bit weird for me, too.”
“Oh, really?” Mycroft asked, pointing at John. “And who will clean up the mess if you have your way with him on the sofa?”
“The thing is,” John says, sways a little, straightens himself, looks Sherlock in the eyes but only for a second, “I’m so fucking angry at you. I don’t know what to do with it, I really don’t. I can’t believe you’d do something so fucking cruel, but you did, and isn’t that a joke, really, because you did cruel things all the time. To everyone else. I thought I was different. I never thought you’d do something so cruel to
“Bye,” Sherlock said. He stayed hiding behind the bush until he was sure Mycroft was gone. Then he spread the foxes on the grass to make the scene less suspicious and went back home.
“You can take the bathroom,” John says and walks away from the kitchen backwards, hits his shoulder against the doorframe on his way. “Sleep on the sofa. You might have a concussion, I can’t let you go, but… Can you just… I need to go.”
“Sorry,” John says, definitely in his own voice. Also, it doesn’t say so in the script. It says that Tom takes a step back to Phil, takes Phil’s face in between his hands and kisses Phil again.
“I could never get enough of you,” Sherlock says. He sounds stupid. He grabs his left arm and squeezes until it hurts.
“Anything,” Sherlock says and closes his eyes, but he opens them again, because John shifts closer to him. They’re close enough that he can see pores on John’s skin. It should be unpleasant.
“Hello,” John says, standing at Sherlock’s door, looking like he doesn’t know why he came. He blinks and clears his throat. “I mean, evening. It’s evening already. Maybe I shouldn’t have –“
you,” John says and places his right hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck, then slides it up to Sherlock’s hair. He’s not sure if he’s trying to pet Sherlock or push his face against the mattress. “Sorry.”
“No, I just can’t stand supermarkets,” Mycroft said. “Good evening. Tell my brother I said he should stop feeding on pigeons.”
“I forbid it,” he says. His voice isn’t as steady as he’d like but what the hell. “You’re mine and I forbid it. Don’t let me hurt you.”
, John pulls back and pushes in and then again and again, and they’re both panting, and Sherlock’s arms are trembling, and his knees are trembling, and his insides are trembling, and he wants to say things he doesn’t know, and it’s terrifying. “Alright,” John says and keeps fucking him, “you’re alright, we’re going to be alright, but you can’t do anything like that to me ever again, do you hear me, you just can’t, because it almost killed me, and I would’ve been glad, do you even realise, I would’ve been glad to die because I didn’t know what to do, and I –“ And then John groans, and it sounds absolutely stupid, but Sherlock groans too. It’s his prostate. John’s penis is rubbing against his prostate. That’s what this is. That’s why it feels like that.
“You weren’t supposed to find out like this,” Sherlock says from the living room. His voice is higher than usually and he’s doing something odd with his hands. It looks like he’s trying to pull his fingers out.
“Yes,” Sherlock said quickly and then paused, “well, I was taking a nap while that term got popular. But I prefer men. Soldiers, to be precise. Preferably…”
“My design,” Sherlock said. He had closed his eyes and he sounded a little breathless. “It’s supposed to… be easy, so that people can… quickly, and that I’m going to recover fast. But not too easy, because no one wants to… people want to… they want it to hurt a little.”
John clears his throat and presses his foot against Sherlock’s ankle under the table. Sherlock wonders if he ought to smile at the camera or just stare at it.
“Just lie there and let me,” John said. It was the least he could do, after what… “There’s nothing wrong with you,” he said, wiping Sherlock’s stomach clean with the damp towels. “With your… with how your body works.”
“Of course you don’t breathe,” Sherlock says. John can feel his fingers patching up the teared skin on John’s chest. They are warm.
“Anyway, I think I should go,” John says, stands up and gives Sherlock his empty cup of tea. “It’s late. But… thank you. For the tea. And…”
” Sherlock says and kisses John, and then the scene changes. They’re in the bed, it’s the next morning, the light is soft and apparently Greg has forgotten his hat on the dresser. It looks very 2014 for an 80’s movie.
He knocked first. Then he tried to push. Then he got slightly frustrated. Apparently he had overslept. The last time that had happened had been in the last century, and when he had woken up, it had turned out he had missed Thomas Alva Edison inventing the light bulb. He just wished nothing significant had happened this time.
“I wanted to call you,” Sherlock says and imagines the smile disappearing from John’s face. “After we… after I left. The moment I got back to London after the rehab, I wanted to call you. But I knew you were disappointed in me. And I just couldn’t face it. And I kept putting it off and then it only got harder.”
. That, and pretending to be someone else when he can’t figure out how to be himself. “You noticed I was weird, and erratic. Sometimes distant and sometimes… not. But you thought I was just eccentric.”
Sherlock stops when Phil is standing a little bit too close to John. John lifts his chin up to look Sherlock in the eyes. He feels stupid and as if he’s not acting, which is even more stupid. He’s
He took a deep breath, but that only brought the smell of John Watson’s blood into his nostrils. Considering that he had just slept for sixty-five years, it was hardly surprising that he was thirsty. He needed to drink. If he didn’t, he would probably lose his self-control in about half an hour and end up sinking his teeth into John Watson’s throat and drinking every single drop of blood that John Watson possessed in his tiny human body.
“We’ll try it this once,” John said and touched Sherlock’s face. Sherlock fixed his eyes on John’s wrist, and John held it under Sherlock’s nose. Then he pressed it lightly against Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s breathing was so cold it felt like pushing his hand into the fridge, but in a sexy way.
“It’s in his eyes, really,” Sherlock says. “I saw it when I watched the movie the second time. He looks at you like he’s silently in love with you and doesn’t know what to do about it.”
“That’s how long we have been on this mission,” the robot said, taking a step closer to him. It pushed its hands into the pocket of its trousers and leaned forward. “And your moral code forbids you from having a sexual affair with another crewmember, since all of them are your potential patients. You are also strongly opposed to conducting sexual acts on a creature of artificial intelligence, such as myself.” The robot paused. “Not that I disagree with that.”
Sherlock nods again. He has to close his eyes, because there’s too much information. Just too much. He can’t deal with it. He can’t…
is in love with Tom, even though maybe he doesn’t call it love yet. But he’s going to. God, he’s going to, and it’s going to break his heart when Tom leaves him, because Tom
Okay, so it turns out I couldn't get this finished in three chapters, so now we are going to have four chapters and an epilogue. Surprise!
“Yeah,” John says, “it’s the marriage and getting a child and getting a divorce that does it. You look older, too.”
“I did, too,” he says, and John freezes. But he needs to say this. Sex is considered to be more satisfying if both partners achieve orgasm. “Later. Here.”
“I’m not…” John breathed out, walked across the room and opened the door to the operating room. “Here.”
“Pull the knife out,” Sherlock says in a steady voice, “and leave it on the ground. And then come here. Take my coat and cover yourself with it.”
John jumped and almost dropped the basket. He looked around but only saw two teenagers eyeing chocolate bars and an old woman pushing a cat in her trolley.
“Well, after the war I found you in a pile of dead soldiers,” Mycroft said, “high as a kite. You had even lost your shoes.”
And then he had met John and moved in with John. John had had relationships. With women. John had wanted a girlfriend. And Sherlock had never been in a relationship in which he hadn’t been playing a part. Maybe Sherlock didn’t even want a relationship. Maybe what they had was enough. It would have to be enough, anyway, because he was almost sure John didn’t want him, and he was completely sure he wouldn’t risk what he had to find out if there was more to gain.
Firstly, the reason why it had been so difficult to get out of his coffin was that someone had built a floor over it.
He slid his finger back inside Sherlock and reached to touch Sherlock’s nipple at the same time as he brushed his fingertip against Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock said his name. He pinched the nipple and pushed another finger in, and Sherlock threw his head on the side, looking at him, panting, trembling around his fingers and under his hand. Sherlock’s dick was erect, had been since John had first got his finger in, and it was leaking, and when John took it in his hand and brushed his thumb gently against the tip, Sherlock closed his eyes.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. They are still good together, just like they were the first time when they met, a little more than four years ago. Back then, Sherlock had just finished filming a historical drama in which he had a love triangle with Keira Knightley and Tom Hardy. In eight months, he would become kind of famous for that movie, but he didn’t know it yet. And John had appeared in a few decent television movies aside from making side roles in everything from Emmerdale to Heartbeat for over fifteen years. Then they both got casted in
He goes to the village with John, Mary and the baby. They drink tea in the local café, except for the baby, who falls asleep for a moment and then starts crying. John holds Rosie and talks to her in a quiet voice, and Mary talks to Sherlock about all the things that don’t mean anything. Sherlock has a feeling that she’s doing it on purpose. He just doesn’t know why. And then she takes Rosie and leaves, and John looks sad for a moment but comes to Sherlock’s trailer, sits down on Sherlock’s sofa and accepts a cup of tea, even though he just had one.
John walked to the kitchen and then glanced over his shoulder. Sherlock was watching him. “…why? You want company?”
Phil has been sharing this cottage with Tom and Tom’s teenage daughter for almost two months now, and Phil
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John asks. “You just left. You could’ve told me about… about the drug addiction, and that you were going to get help. I would’ve understood. Of course I would’ve understood. I would’ve… I would’ve helped you in any way I could.”
And John wasn’t going to give up without trying. He liked Sherlock and Sherlock liked him. Sometimes he managed to make a joke that made Sherlock laugh. They didn’t fight about cleaning up the kitchen too much. This wasn’t only the most confusing relationship he had even been in, this was also the best relationship. He wanted to be around Sherlock all the time. He liked having sex with Sherlock, he liked kissing Sherlock, and all in all, he thought they had a pretty good chance at growing old together, if only Sherlock didn’t kill him first. Except apparently Sherlock wasn’t going to
Soon after noticing all this, Sherlock noticed one more thing. Well, two things, but they were interconnected.
“I’m sorry,” he says. He’d tell John why he came, but judging by the look on John’s face, John already knows. “I think I need stiches.”
But he had already started and talking felt surprisingly good after sitting silently in this chair for fifty-five minutes. “We’re having gay sex.”
“I know that I’m not going to leave you,” John says and kisses Sherlock. Then he rolls onto his side.
“I mean exactly that,” Sherlock says and then grasps the sheets as John slams into him again. It feels so real, everything about this feels real, but… “
Sherlock glances at John. John glances at him. The light is too bright, the top button of his collar presses against his throat, and he can smell the interviewer’s cologne. At least he gets sit next to John.
“It took me half an hour to realise who you were,” she says, doesn’t sit down, looks straight at Sherlock. “Your small talk is convincing.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “A perfectly fine coffin that I purchased from a professional carpenter in Italy in the fifteenth century.”
“We’re finished here,” Sherlock says and puts the needle away. But he doesn’t tell John to climb off the table where John has been sitting on for better light. And he doesn’t move away himself.
“Sherlock,” John says, places his hand on Sherlock’s thigh and then pulls it away. “…can I do this?”
“I need to find a few foxes,” Sherlock said and took his coat. Then he glanced at John. “Don’t die until I get back.” And then he left.
“What do you want?” John asked and put a bar of chocolate in his basket. He would certainly need it after a conversation with Mycroft. “Sherlock’s home.”
“John,” Mrs. Hudson says. “He’s in my kitchen, drinking tea. Says he’s not going to come up to see you. I don’t know what you’re fighting about, Sherlock, but surely this is getting ridiculous. Is it because you died? Or don’t you like Mary? I know it’s difficult for you, but he’s your friend, so you should try  - - “ And there Mrs. Hudson’s voice fades into the background noise again. Sherlock stands up. John is downstairs, Mrs. Hudson said so, John is here, and there’s less than twenty percent chance that John actually came to see Mrs. Hudson, so John is probably here for Sherlock. But he’s not coming up. So, Sherlock should go down to see him, right?
They don’t talk about the sex scene. Actually, they barely talk at all. John dozes off, leaning against Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock tries to stay absolutely still so that John doesn’t wake up. Eventually, John does. He apologises and looks adorably flustered and Sherlock wonders what would happen if he said it now. Right now. He could just do it. He would say something like
“Not in a negative way,” Sherlock added. “I like it that you are here. You have some remarkable features and some that are… surprisingly not annoying. So, I’m not lonely. It would be absurd to be lonely when I regularly spend considerable amounts of time in your company.”
“John,” Sherlock says. He sounds hurt. John wants to pull out and turn Sherlock onto his back and look him in the eyes and kiss him and tell him that everything’s alright, that John loves him, that John doesn’t care who he is,
“A drug addict,” Sherlock says, and then he comes and collapses onto the mattress. John pulls his hand away but his dick is still inside, so he goes with Sherlock in a mess of limbs and skin. For a second, he presses his cheek against the skin between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. It’s warm and damp and it feels like the most human thing he’s ever touched.
“Yeah,” John said, trying and failing to sound normal. “Yeah, of course. I wasn’t going to… I didn’t notice that.”
.” So, maybe he was a bit sloppy. Maybe he didn’t exactly mind that he had to come to John and John had to stitch him up. But it’s not like he did it on purpose. It’s not like in the dreams.
“It was fine,” John said, trying to breathe. He was sitting in his armchair, because his legs didn’t feel steady at the moment. He was still out of breath and his skin was tingling and he really, really wanted to kiss Sherlock again.
never does anything like this. Wouldn’t know how to. Wouldn’t want to try with John, because John is precious, John is irreplaceable. Losing John would be…
“Okay,” John says. His hand returns onto Sherlock’s thigh. His thumb brushes against the inside seam of Sherlock’s trousers. “You know you mean a world to me,” John says. “But…”
“I fell,” he says, walks to the kitchen and pours himself a glass of water. From behind his back, he can hear John closing the front door and following him.
He did that. Sherlock’s heart sounded like a human heart, probably because it was, it had just been made in a laboratory. His pulse was a little elevated, but John supposed that was because of the situation. He went through everything he usually did when he was doing regular check-ups for the crewmembers, and everything was alright, no, everything was perfect like Sherlock had already pointed out. But when Sherlock started sighing, John insisted that it was better to be thorough. He kind of realised he was doing this because he didn’t want to move forward, but it was helping. He felt normal. He felt like himself. And then, when Sherlock was quiet and John felt like a doctor doing an examination on a patient, he warmed lubricant in between his gloved hands and told Sherlock to take a deep breath and let it out.
So, apparently John liked kissing Sherlock. It meant nothing. Sherlock just was the best and the wisest man John had ever met accidentally in his own (rented) flat, so it was only natural that John wanted to kiss him. And besides, he was doing it for Sherlock. Mostly. He was doing it, because Sherlock had a thing for him and he wasn’t gay and therefore he could kiss Sherlock sometimes. Like now.
“Yeah,” John said, “my therapist is worried about that, too.” Then he pulled down his pants and kicked them off the bed. He was going to do the same to Sherlock’s pants, but he didn’t have time, because Sherlock caught his wrist. Sherlock’s fingernails were sharp and pressing into John’s skin. “Sherlock…?”
gay,” John said and breathed in. “Well, at least I’m a little gay for my boyfriend. But anyway, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about. Not that I’m worried, because I’m not. Not too much. And the sex is good.” He paused, wondering if it was better if he stopped talking now. He shouldn’t let his therapist know
I thought it was some kind of an indie drama. Two men move in together because both of them need a place to live, and then they become friends.” Just like he and John, four years ago.
He pulled his fangs away from the human’s skin and sat down on the man’s crotch instead. The man drew in a sharp breath and stopped shouting.
John wanted to tell Sherlock to piss off but he definitely couldn’t, not now when he was still wearing Sherlock’s coat.
“Go ahead,” Sherlock says, trying to get a subtle glance at himself in the mirror. Maybe the shirt would look more casual if he opened one more button.
“Alright,” John said. “We’re keeping the coffin, then. I’m going to make myself more tea. Do you want a cup?”
“Tom Hardy is actually quite good, too,” John says, rubbing Sherlock’s wrist with his thumb. “Anyway, it was nice to work together. We are good friends, of course, so it was nice to work with… with a friend.”
“It’s true,” John says in a steady voice. “And it’s not an accusation. You’ve got no obligation to… to me. But, yeah, I thought maybe you didn’t want to hear about me. Maybe you got enough of me when we were living together.”
Sherlock lets the make-up guy powder him up and the clothing guy check that what little clothes he’s wearing at this point are where they should be. The sex scene is really quite mild. He’s done work that was more graphic. It didn’t use to bother him. He had the script, he had practiced his part, he knew what to do, unlike in those occasions when he was actually having sex with someone. It was all just work.
“It’s not enough,” Sherlock said. His chest was rising and falling with his breathing. John squeezed his knee lightly. “You just touched my prostate. It’s not enough, John. Not enough data.”
From the ending. We’re sitting at the porch and I’m worried about everything, you know, about life and what’s going to happen to us. And you say all those things.”
“That you love me,” Sherlock says. He looks surprisingly dignified for a man in his position. Maybe it’s an upper-class thing. Or maybe it’s his personality. Or his eyes. “Yes. Are you?”
John marked the appointment in the robot’s calendar. Then he cancelled it. Then he marked it again. Then he thought about how the robot was probably checking the calendar and could see John changing his mind about the appointment. Maybe the robot thought John was nervous. John was not nervous. He was just… he just realised that this was fucking
Being in love, John decides, is surprisingly easy. You just have to decide that everything is alright. As long as you believe it, it will be true. You have to ignore that nagging voice in your head that says everything could go wrong so easily, and that if everything goes wrong, what will become of you, because all that you are is that you are in love with him? You are Sherlock Holmes’ shadow, John, you sleep with him and make him tea, you listen to his monologues during the day and his snoring at night. You don’t know who you are anymore, John. Maybe you never did. And you don’t care, because the only thing you care about is holding onto this fragile love for as long as it lasts. That illusion.
“I made you think you’re normal.” Sherlock glances up at him, then frowns and sticks the needle through his skin again. It stings. He clings to the sensation. “And you had no reason to think otherwise, not at first. So, you believed it. You saw the facts that supported your beliefs and ignored the rest.”
“Sherlock,” John says and lets go of Sherlock’s nose. It’s barely bleeding anymore anyway. “I want to kiss you again.”
“No,” Sherlock says, steps down from the sofa, walks to the kitchen and opens all the cupboard doors one by one. This conversation is too heavy. He needs a script. He shouldn’t have texted John.
He kicked the lid, but nothing happened. Okay, now he was getting angry. He had had a good dinner before going to the coffin, but now he was thirsty and also stuck. That was unacceptable.
“And then tell him that you’re treating me. You don’t have to… Just make the appointments, and I’ll come here and, I don’t know, sit somewhere out of your way and read. You can put me in the supply closet if you want to. Mike won’t wonder if you have me here in odd times, like now, late in the evening. He’s just going to think that you’re embarrassed to be treating a robot. And he’d be right.”
John opens his mouth and then closes it again. He’s really too nervous to be subtle about it. “I found something on the internet. Apparently he’s been building robots.”
“He’s not,” Sherlock says from so close that John thinks he can feel his warmth. “He thinks it’s a bad idea.”
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at John. John seems a bit nervous but still determined. “More tea?”
That’s not true. That’s absolutely not true. He tells John things. A lot of things. More things than he’s ever told anyone else. John should know that. He should tell John tell that, but he can’t speak, because John is holding his penis in his hand.
John nods, then looks away. Maybe he thinks it’s good that Sherlock is hurting. Maybe he hates himself for it. Or maybe he doesn’t care. Maybe he only came here because Mary asked him to, because Mary
He only realises an hour later that he’s waiting for John to come knocking on his door. John comes to his trailer every day after work. They eat something and have tea and talk about the day and then, sometimes, they talk about old things. And in some evenings, they watch television together, or play chess. John still can’t remember the rules.
“Sherlock liked the robots,” Mrs. Hudson says. “He had an elephant in the living room for a while, but it didn’t really fit, so I asked him kindly to keep it elsewhere. I don’t know where he put it, the poor thing. I wish he didn’t have to kill it. It was actually kind of nice. It had gentle eyes and it sometimes helped me when I was making tea for Sherlock.”
“Oh,” John says and takes a deep breath, “yeah. I’ll introduce you.” It turns out Sherlock has heard the women’s names before, only he can’t remember where. From what John is saying he supposes they are both actresses. He just hopes John isn’t planning to fall in love with either of them. Or both. That would be terrible. But John is single now, a strikingly handsome single film star. He could do something like that. He’s allowed. He’s…
“Yes. I’ll tell Mike that I’m treating you. I just fucking hope he doesn’t ask question, because this doesn’t make much sense and he’s not stupid.”
John walks through the door to the living room. Sherlock puts his feet onto the sofa table and clears his throat. “So, how was your date with what-was-her-name-again?”
“I’m sorry,” John says and stands up. “I’m sorry, I have to… Food. For Sherlock. He hasn’t eaten. I need to… See you later, Mrs. Hudson.”
“So, Sherlock,” the interviewer says, “you haven’t appeared on screen after your role as a pirate in the most controversial pirate movie of the twenty-first century,
“Good night,” Sherlock says, and it sounds so final that John goes. He goes to the bathroom first, looks at his shaking hands, then washes his hands, washes his face, brushes his teeth, comes out of the bathroom to find Sherlock still watching through the window and ignoring him. He goes upstairs. His bedroom is small and tidy. An ordinary room. Nothing special about it.
This is the epilogue. Make sure that you read chapter 5 as well, or else you're going to be confused, poor fellow!
“Sometimes. Not always. I don’t like it when I’m going to the corner store to buy milk because you forgot again, and someone starts talking to me about our private life.”
“And how exactly are you going to find out why it is that I don’t want these people to push their various body parts inside me, or touch mine?”
,” Sherlock cut in, “you want to know more. Very well. A thirty-eight year old male, manual labour, kept his fingers trimmed neatly, had cats, probably had an affair with the receptionist –“
“And I see it, all the time,” Sherlock cuts in, “I see other people having family that they actually get on with, and friends, and lovers, spouses, girlfriends and boyfriends, all that. And I never do. I can pretend up to certain point but it’s not real. I thought that maybe, maybe if I made you, it’d feel real, because you would be…”
“So, what I want is for you, Sherlock, to stand here, in the kitchen,” the director says. Apparently his name is Greg. He said so this morning after Sherlock called him George. People are so sensitive these days. “Sherlock, you’re making tea, and you don’t turn around when John comes to the kitchen, but you definitely hear him coming in. John, you walk to the kitchen and then stop when you see Sherlock. You think something like,
“I love you too,” Sherlock says and kisses the corner of John’s eye. “This dialogue is getting repetitive.”
This took a little longer than I thought but now I'm here again. And I think there's going to be one more chapter, so brace yourselves for just a little bit more of vampire-human interaction!
“I think you actually told me once,” John said, “that you’re a vampire. But I thought it was a joke. I thought you were gay instead.”
“I think the movie’s going to be good,” John says, “but even if it turns out terrible and nobody likes it, I want you to know that I don’t regret it. The only thing that I regret is that hiking scene in which I fell on my face in the mud and Greg liked it and wanted me to do it again.”
“I know,” Sherlock says. But he couldn’t tell John, and only partly because he didn’t want John to see him as a drug addict. He was also scared that once he started telling things to John, he would tell John everything.
“I knew they were going to ask you,” John says. “Well, I would’ve accepted anyway. I’ve been kind of… I had a small part in a TV show last year, and I’ve been doing commercials for TV and for radio, but mostly I’ve been just… Well, I’ve been busy, with the baby and… everything.”
John added another finger and pushed them both in as deep as they would go, then crooked them. Sherlock pushed against his fingers. He was shaking now.
“Well,” the therapist said very slowly, “I’m a therapist. It sometimes happens that someone tells me they’re gay. So, no, I’m not particularly shocked. Would you want me to be?”
Fucking fuck. Fucking fuckery fuck. “Yeah,” he said, sounding almost coherent. He was going to get a blowjob from Sherlock Holmes. That wouldn’t even make him gay. And after the blowjob, he would make love to Sherlock as if this was his last day on Earth, and they would share the bed until the morning, sleeping in each other’s arms. In the morning, John would make Sherlock breakfast. And, well, John had never considered himself a romantic, but he wondered if Sherlock wanted to get married.
“I’m supposed to let them come here and fuck me,” the robot said, rolling its eyes. They were blue and not unattractive. But then again, that was the point. “I’m not going to just come running if you want to see me in the sickbay.”
He wants to take Sherlock to bed and fuck him so slowly they both forget John isn’t real. He wants to take his things and leave and never come back, and he wants to make Sherlock tea and pretend he never got to know any of this.
John shook his head. “I don’t know.” But Sherlock was already on the table, and it was certainly better to get this done now than to postpone it again. They would do this quickly, before anything interrupted them, the nurse coming back from her coffee break or a casual accident with a meteorite. “Are you ready?”
Sherlock opened his mouth and then closed it, frowned, and opened it again. “Yes. I want to kiss you. Like a human man.”
“But,” John says again, his voice shaking slightly, “not in the way you probably think. You’re very important to me, Sherlock, but I…”
“…just to get to show me your bruised face,” John says and steps away from him. “Go to the kitchen.”
“I didn’t mean that,” Molly says. Her voice is all serious. John looks at Sherlock, who rubs the dead man’s foot with his thumb and then sniffs the thumb.  “I meant… I just think you should be careful. With, you know, your… your heart.”
“You want to have sex with me,” Sherlock said the moment John had managed to peer his eyes somewhat open. “You were thinking about sex. I should have known. I’ve read that humans think about sex all the time.”
“I didn’t realise it’d be this scary. I thought people were being unnecessarily dramatic about their break-ups, because really, everyone is an idiot anyway, why should anyone be so stressed about losing one idiot when they can later be replaced by another? But I get it now.”
“Sometimes,” Sherlock said slowly, “if you have sex with a soldier and accidentally kill him afterwards, somebody gets angry and presses you face-down against the ground.”
“The Germans were coming,” Sherlock said. “And you know I hate speaking in German. It gives me a headache.”
Sherlock looks at him and almost forgets to read his lines. John made his life better, too. Before. Before he messed up.
“Well, I can’t,” John says. He’s angry now. He tries to keep it from his voice but clearly he’s failing. “I mean it, Sherlock. We can take it slow. We can do other stuff. I’m not going anywhere.”
Sherlock swallows. “I didn’t want you to slow down. It gets a little… overwhelming. Quickly is better. And I can handle a bit of pain.”
“I mean it,” John Watson said. “I rented this flat. I live here. So, you really need to explain why you…” And he paused. “Why you jumped through the floor and attacked me.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, “yeah, a very healthy self-destructive habit. Better than cocaine. He decides he’s not going to say anything, because John can’t possibly love him.”
“I saw you,” John says, his voice hoarse. “I saw you from a bus. You were close to 221B, so I… I started walking past the building sometimes, and then one day I saw you through the window.”
“Good work, Sherlock,” Tom Hardy says and claps Sherlock on the shoulder. “And nice to see you. It’s been a while.”
“Her name is Amanda,” John says. “You really should try to learn the names of my girlfriends, Sherlock.”
“Yeah,” John said. That had been one of the weirdest days that week. At least Mike had taken care of the robot then, so John hadn’t needed to figure out how to talk to it.
“Well,” Sherlock says very slowly, “that’s what people are worried about, generally, isn’t it? In a relationship. It’s the risk.”
The corridor is quiet after the door closes again. Sherlock can hear himself breathing. The stab wound hurts. He barely feels it.
I thought I was going to become famous and, you know, get to choose the films I make. And for a moment it was almost like that. And then just… I don’t know.”
, some of your fans were quite excited about the idea that maybe your characters in that movie were actually in love and not just friends. Actually, there’s still a huge number of fans who do quite a lot of creative work around the subject. We’ve got a few works of art here that we’d like to show you –“
But it’s not an illusion, so John thinks and wraps himself around Sherlock at night. He kisses the back of Sherlock’s neck and then stays awake, stroking Sherlock’s hair, when Sherlock falls asleep. It’s not an illusion. All of this is real, and there’s no reason to think that it would have to end. They can grow old together. They can have that. Other people do, so surely it’s possible for them too.
He’s an army doctor who served three years in Afghanistan. He has a psychosomatic limp and a therapist and he’s disappointed at Harry for breaking up with Clara. Sherlock told all this to him the first time they met, yesterday, at Bart’s. Since that, he has moved in with Sherlock, had dinner with Sherlock and shot a man for Sherlock. His hands were perfectly steady there. He remembers killing people in the army, but it doesn’t seem real in his memories. This did. He pulled the trigger and with the noise of the gun going off he knew he would do anything for Sherlock Holmes. There’s no going back. This is who he is: John Watson. An ordinary man.
Another thing about John Watson is that when Sherlock moved in with him almost four years ago, he hadn’t used cocaine in two years.
It has started raining. John opens an umbrella and holds it so that it’s covering them both. They should go to the main street and get a taxi, well, two taxis, but John just stands there on the pavement next to the studio and Sherlock doesn’t know what to say.
“No,” John said, and for a second he almost felt like a doctor, thank god. He bit his lip and reminded himself that he
John glanced behind his shoulder. The man seemed to be doing well without his adenoids. That was good. What wasn’t so good was that the door to the robot’s cabin was now open and John was already here, so there was no way he could turn back now.
He sends John texts. He leaves a message in John’s voicemail. He says he’s sorry in every way he can think of. He buys John flowers because that’s what people do in the movies. Then, he buys John an expensive watch. Then, socks. John likes socks.
“Okay,” John says, turns and walks away from the kitchen so quickly that he collides with the chair. The chair tips over. John grabs the table, steadies himself. Pulls his shoulders back. “I’m sorry about… What I did. The last time.” John is at the door now. “It won’t happen again. I’m going to go now.”
They do the reading. The script is only averagely interesting, but John makes everything better. The tiny things he does with his voice and with his face are better than magic, no, better than
“I’ll clear it,” Mary says, and so John drags Sherlock to the kitchen and helps him onto the table, takes off Sherlock’s coat, takes off Sherlock’s shirt as well with brisk movements, no chance to argue about that. Not that Sherlock would. It’s difficult to think, maybe he’s got a concussion.
John should leave. He should take his things and go and never think about Sherlock again. He should take this bloody excuse of a life that Sherlock has thrown at him and go do something with it, something that wouldn’t involve Sherlock. He’s so angry it’s hard to look Sherlock in the eyes, and also he can’t stop looking.
“What?” Sherlock asks, glancing at John. They are in the kitchen, making dinner. John is cutting onions. He looks tired, probably because he spent the last two weeks in the goddamn Los Angeles.
“You fucking idiot,” John says and hits Sherlock at the chest. Sherlock stumbles against the fridge but doesn’t let go of him, thank god. “You can’t let me do that. You just can’t. You can’t fucking let people hurt you.”
“Yeah,” John says slowly, “yeah, we should.” He looks like he’s going to say something else as well, but in the end, he doesn’t. They go back in and spend the next two hours reading the rest of the script. There’s more kissing. And a sex scene. Sherlock’s hands are shaking under the table. He wonders if John can tell. He wonders if it changed anything if John did.
“You loved her but knew she wanted to get married and settle down and that made you feel claustrophobic,” the robot said. “More claustrophobic than spending three years in a metallic vessel in outer space. Goodbye, John Watson.”
“Yeah, I read that on Twitter,” John says in a tight voice. “But I kept thinking it couldn’t be true. I kept thinking that I would’ve noticed something.”
John tries to wriggle free from Sherlock’s grip. Sherlock doesn’t let go. “That’s what you were worried all along? That I’d find out and leave you?”
“What?” Sherlock asked and then climbed off the human. He wasn’t alarmed of sex. He just didn’t like it when people brought it up in a casual conversation. “No,” he said. “No, it’s not about… not at all. What’s wrong with you?”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said in the disappointed but bored tone he had perfected over a very long period of time. “You don’t even like fox blood.”
thought it was nice. You smelled good, and you put your head in the right angle, and you didn’t push your tongue into my mouth, and you –“
“I’m not going to let you move out,” Sherlock said, which was sweet. He was also looking at John as if he wanted to eat John. That was sweet, too. Nobody had looked at John like that in a very long time.
“Yeah,” John said, “yeah, I remember.” What he still didn’t realise was why people insisted giving those things names. He wasn’t a psychiatrist, but he knew pretty damn well that giving a robot a name only made it easier for actual human beings to forget it was a robot.
Sherlock sighed. Well, he supposed the truth would have come out eventually anyway. Even if he didn’t end up eating John. “A vampire. Yes.”
, he was tired. He hadn’t got much sleep last night, and then he had spent the whole day trying to desperately figure out what to do. He couldn’t be in love with a
, that’s what Mary is saying. John says something back. He sounds tired and irritated but not surprised. Maybe a bit nervous, too.
“Fine,” John said. “I’ll make tea anyway. I really need a cup now.” And then he filled the kettle with water, put it on the stove and rolled up his sleeves for no reason at all.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, walked to the operating table and lay down on his back. “An army doctor on a three-year-mission in outer space, used to working under pressure and in varying and highly unpredictable situations, and now you’re still considering just telling me to go and forget about this whole thing, because you’re uncomfortable not knowing how to address me.”
“Good,” Greg says. “Now, Sherlock, if you could kiss him? And John, I want you to put your hands on Sherlock’s back and then go down from there.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to tell John that he doesn’t think about the periodic table, but John squeezes around the shaft and the words are gone. Then John’s hand speeds up. It’s speeding up all the time. Sherlock’s right knee is hitting John in the stomach. If this goes on long enough, Sherlock might fall from the table.
“I think I…” Sherlock said, cleared his throat and opened his eyes, then looked straight at John. His forehead was glistening with sweat and he had bitten his own lips red. “I think I need to tell you something.”
But obviously that was not the case. He followed John through a park, from a distance, naturally, because he’s not the kind of a person who gets caught stalking someone who hasn’t even bothered to give him a call. But to be fair, he hasn’t called John either, and he was the one who left. Kind of.
There’s an odd sound. It takes Sherlock a few seconds to realise he’s pushed a cup of tea over the edge of the counter and now the cup is shattered on the floor. He stares at the mess. There might have been tea in there, too, but he’s not sure, because the carpet had stains already.
“You’re an idiot, if you think that I’m not lonely,” John says. “I love Rosie, I love her, but it’s not the same. I miss you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says from behind his back. He waits for Sherlock to do something, maybe touch him on the shoulder or hug him. Nothing happens.
John thinks about telling her that they aren’t together, Sherlock and him. Not in that sense of the word. They kissed once. It hasn’t happened again, even though for a second back then John thought Sherlock was going to kiss him back. “He’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me,” John tells Mrs. Hudson. Sometimes he thinks his life only began when he met Sherlock.
“I realise now that it might have been an odd thing to do,” Sherlock said, “since the custom is generally thought to involve two people who are both alive. However, I didn’t have that option, and instead I had a hand that Molly had given me, so –“
Also, he was probably going to die. He tried to kick Sherlock in the stomach, but Sherlock didn’t seem to notice. And he didn’t bother trying again, because he didn’t want Sherlock to stop wanking him.
At the third time, he’s not even surprised anymore. He forces himself to breathe steadily and waits until the shaking passes. Then he sits on his bed in a tiny motel room in Minsk, staring at the stains on the wall. His throat is hoarse.
“Well,” John says and takes a deep breath, “I don’t know about Sherlock, but I… I’m sure we all have been in situations in which we realise we don’t know how to tell someone how we feel.”
Then he texted his agent, because of course he was going to take the job if the job included John Watson.
“When we first met,” John said, “when you burst through the floor and jumped onto me and pressed me against the floor. You kissed me. Here.” And he touched his throat again and frowned. “I mean, it’s okay if you like blokes. I don’t have anything against that. I don’t have anything against gay people. Not that I’m one. I’m not. I’m not gay. But there’s nothing wrong with being gay. I don’t mind. I just… I thought it was a bit sudden. We had just met, like, half a second ago.”
“I used your calendar,” John said. This was stupid. It was fucking stupid that he felt stupid even though he was talking to a robot. “You’re supposed to… when someone makes an appointment through your calendar, you’re supposed to…”
“I have proper shirts,” John said. He didn’t. Also, he didn’t seem to manage to get rid of the coat. He was stuck in both sleeves and also
“I know,” Sherlock says. John’s arm brushes against his side. He can’t catalogue how it feels. Maybe this is what they call cuddling. Maybe John wants to cuddle before he leaves.
“Sherlock,” John said, gritting his teeth. This was insane. His life was absolutely fucking insane. He was just an ex-soldier and a doctor who had a job and a flat and a flatmate, and he couldn’t understand why the hell he had to deal with shit like this every other day. He took a very deep breath which didn’t help at all. “That’s a hand,” he said.
He was going to have sex with Sherlock. In the bathroom. He wasn’t sure how exactly that would work. Maybe they would do it in the bathtub. Or in the shower. And he didn’t know
“Sorry,” said a young man whose adenoids John had removed not so long ago. The man blinked at him and then glanced behind his back. He was flushed but not in a happy way. “Complete waste of time,” he said and then walked away.
“You absolutely should,” Sherlock said. “You should try one of my shirts, only the size is wrong for you, so sadly you wouldn’t get the whole experience of wearing a proper shirt.”
“I have to tell you something,” Sherlock says and touches John’s arm. His thumb brushes over John’s elbow. “I’m not like other people.”
Sherlock blinks, staring at the empty living room. He still has the armchair in which John used to sit. He tried to get rid of it once but couldn’t make himself touch it.
Sherlock glances at John and then stands up. Tea. They need more tea. He puts the kettle on and then arranges himself so that John can’t see his face.
“Yeah,” John says, rubbing his temples with his thumbs, “yeah, I remember. Some of it is a little bit… I hope I didn’t do anything stupid.”
It was a quiet day at the sickbay, which wasn’t good, because John had plenty of time to think about what he would do later. Mike asked him if he was alright and he said he had slept poorly, which was true anyway. He had barely slept at all and he refused to think that it was because he was nervous about the robot. He told Mike that he couldn’t talk because he was busy trying to catalogue the supply closet and excused himself. Sadly, Mike followed him to the closet.
John swallowed. Honey. They needed to buy honey. He needed to buy honey. Sherlock had eaten the whole jar. Of honey. A hand on the table. A dead hand on the table, and Sherlock’s hand holding it… “Sherlock?”
“And then I had to hold onto her, because if I let go, I’d be left with nothing. We moved in together, we got engaged, we got married, and the deeper I got the better I felt, for a moment. And we had a kid, too. We didn’t… we didn’t exactly plan it. But we were happy, anyway. Rosie, she’s…” John shakes his head. “I still can’t understand how we were able to make something so perfect, me and Mary. But then…”
“I meant the hand,” John said and glanced over his shoulder. The hand was still on the table, but at least Sherlock wasn’t touching it.
,” John says. He wants to get away from Sherlock, and he wants to hit Sherlock in the face and kiss Sherlock and wrap himself around Sherlock and never let go. The place where Sherlock is touching him feels real. It’s the only thing that feels real right now.
“Sherlock,” John says, sounding afraid now, and hasty, and… “Sherlock,” and it’s not how Sherlock wants John to say his name but it’s close enough. He touches the front of John’s boxers. John has an erection. That’s probably good. “Listen,” John says, “Sherlock, listen to me. I’m not angry. Or I am but I… I’ll forgive you. You were trying to save me. I
But please, tell him you thought so, when you see him the next time. Also, if you can avoid it, maybe don’t see him at all.”
John is lying on his back on the sofa, watching the ceiling. “Morning,” he says and glances at Sherlock. Then he frowns. “Are you alright?”
“You can’t get hurt all the time,” John says. “Your arm, and your shoulder, and your ankle, and your… I don’t even remember anymore.” A lie. John remembers. He has to. “If you’re going to hurt yourself like this, you should really go to the hospital.”
someone, it’s… it’s… I can’t even tell you, that’s how bad it is. I felt like it ripped me open and took everything good in me and threw it away. I don’t think I would’ve pulled through if it wasn’t for Mary –“
“I’m not,” John says. The tissue is soaked through with Sherlock’s blood now, so he takes a new one. “I don’t know what this is, but it’s not that. Can’t be.”
“Yeah, I realised Molly gave it to you,” John said quickly. “I didn’t think you killed anyone, Sherlock, I
It was fucking ridiculous, that was what it was. John took a deep breath and kept walking down the corridor, even though any sane person would have already turned around and told himself that yeah, it was crazy to think that he’d go to a sex robot to ask the sex robot to come for an examination, and no, he wasn’t going to do it. But he was. He had taken the lift down to the C-deck and then walked the corridors, hoping that he wouldn’t see anyone, because he didn’t want them to think that he was going to see the sex robot for… the usual reason. Sex. Not that he disapproved, not really. Bringing a sex robot for a long mission in outer space wasn’t a completely stupid idea. It helped some of the crew to cope with being away from Earth and everything that was familiar to them. But John had never had sex with a robot, and he wasn’t going to, and he didn’t want anyone to think that he might.
“No,” John cuts in, “we haven’t talked about it enough, because I’m still fucking angry. I’m fucking
“What?” Sherlock asked. He was looking at John as if he was starving and John was the most delicious slice of chocolate cake.
John does that when he’s in the living room again, staring at Sherlock, who’s on his back on the sofa, reading a newspaper and wearing nothing except boxers and socks. Sherlock ignores him. He spends a few more seconds thinking about what he’s going to say next, about Mycroft, about
John looks at him sharply as if wondering if it was a joke. It wasn’t. But he loves the way the corner of John’s mouth twitches anyway. Then, sadly, the smile is gone again. “Cocaine?”
“Did,” Mrs. Hudson says, “did build robots, I think. I don’t really know too much about him, just what I’ve gathered from what Sherlock says. I’ve known Sherlock for a long time, you know.”
“No,” John says and walks to him, grabs his shoulders, holds him still. It’s good. He takes a deep breath.
John Watson liked to think that he wasn’t an idiot, but actually, he was. It had turned out recently that he had had a crush on his flatmate pretty much since the day one and he had only realised that when he had found the said flatmate in their kitchen, holding hands with somebody’s removed limb.
“Of course it isn’t,” John says, then blinks in surprise. He sounds angry. He takes a deep breath and tries to concentrate. “It’s not your fault.
Sherlock took the coat, and John took a deep breath. Oh, god. Oh, god, how stupid he was. He felt like… like Sherlock had caught him listening through the door for sex noises. Which was a stupid thing to feel like, by the way. He had just tried on Sherlock’s coat. And
John glances at him. “Of course it’s fine. Come on, you should get us a taxi. You were always better at it than me. Probably because you’re so tall.”
The blood in the fridge wasn’t the only weird thing about Sherlock. The man never seemed to sleep. When John went to bed at night, Sherlock was still in the living room, reading something or playing the violin or, sometimes, staring at John. When John woke up in the morning, Sherlock was again in the living room. And when John sometimes woke up during the night and went to the loo, Sherlock was in the living room. Only once in a while it happened that Sherlock took his coat, told John not to wait for him and then disappeared for days, and then
He can’t get his hand on his dick without falling half-way onto his face, but John doesn’t let go, and John doesn’t stop, and everything’s going to be alright.
Because that’s what’s happening: a relationship. John starts calling it that in his mind. Then he starts staying it out loud. He tells Sherlock to take his vitamins and Sherlock glares at him and he says that he just wants Sherlock to be healthy, and he has the right to want that, because they’re in a relationship now. Sherlock keeps glaring at him but takes his vitamins. John calls it a relationship when he talks about Sherlock with Mrs. Hudson, and then with Molly, and Molly hugs him but looks slightly worried.
“Hello, Sherlock,” John says and stops at the other side of the table. They’re supposed to sit down at this table and read their parts. Sherlock isn’t exactly sure he can talk at the moment. Maybe he could text his agent and claim that he suddenly lost his voice. Summer flu can be a tricky thing. He thinks about it and then remembers it’s October. Autumn flu, then.
“Sherlock,” John said, trying to make his voice as commanding as he could. Apparently it worked, because Sherlock straightened his back right away.
quit, actually. He tried to write poems. They turned out terrible. And then he ran out of money so many times that Mycroft started to get irritated, and at that point he realised acting is pretty much the only thing he can do. “But I also wanted to see you,” he adds, because John is still standing there, still looking at him as if there’s something that Sherlock could say that would fix things. It’s too bad that he can only say the right words when they are written in a script.  “I missed you, John.”
John makes them toast and then comes to the living room and passes one of the plates to Sherlock before fetching his tea. Sherlock looks at him. He sits down on his armchair, leaves the cup of tea on the side table, crosses his legs and balances the plate on his knee. He looks like he doesn’t think this is weird at all. It’s almost as if neither of them never left.
“Because it was a lot of work,” Sherlock says and sighs so dramatically John’s heart aches, only apparently he doesn’t have a heart.
“John,” Sherlock says, stroking John’s back. He can’t believe he’s allowed to do that. “I liked it.”
Sherlock glanced at his lap and then at John. “Oh, that’s from the drinking.” Then he blinked. “I don’t always get an erection when I drink, it’s just that you are… we are… Sorry.” And he covered his lap with his hands.
“You should update your German,” Mycroft said. “It makes you sound like a medieval prince. …oh, right.”
There’s a murder in the local theatre. They spend the day at the morgue and the evening behind the stage, and at night, Sherlock refuses to sleep and walks circles in the living room instead, attaching nicotine patches onto his skin and talking to himself. John goes to his room, sleeps for a few hours and wakes up to Sherlock shaking him by the shoulders, because apparently they need to go see what they can find in the dumpster behind the theatre. What a lovely way to wake up. But when he’s trying to put shoes into his feet, Sherlock touches his shoulder, brushing the bare skin on John’s neck with his thumb. It hits through John like a lightning. Not that he knows what getting hit by a lightning feels like, of course, but there’re so many things he doesn’t
“You told Mary about what happened. That’s why it took you three days to come to me. You were discussing it with her. What did she say?”
“Of course I had to,” John says. “I didn’t know when you were coming back. And I…” He rubs the side of his nose, then takes the t-shirt and the sweatpants Sherlock gives to him. “I didn’t know if you wanted me to be here when you came back.”
“I don’t know,” he says to Sherlock. He’s still in the kitchen, sitting at the kitchen table, holding a cup of tea he thinks he was going to drink.
“So,” the interviewer says after they have all smiled at John falling to the mud, “this actually isn’t the first movie in which you two have starred together. What was it like, working with each other again?”
He closed his eyes. For a moment he thought he was going to come, but everything faded into black instead.
a doctor, he was a goddamn doctor, and this was weird but then again, so were many things he had done if he stopped to think about it. There was no reason to think this was different, even though it
“Thanks for the tea,” John says and touches Sherlock’s arm, then pulls his hand quickly away. “Again. And for the company. And… sorry. About…”
“Don’t go,” Sherlock says and then realises immediately that wasn’t what he was supposed to say. “Come in. I’ll make tea. You can… you can sit, or…
John sipped his tea and glanced at Sherlock, who was sitting at the desk, reading something. Sherlock wasn’t a terrible flatmate. He didn’t make much noise, unless he was playing the violin, and he played so well that twice already John had had to retreat into his bedroom before he would start crying. Sherlock didn’t have parties in the flat, never stole John’s food from the fridge, and hadn’t said anything about the fact that John was a thirty-eight-year-old ex-soldier who spent all his days drinking tea and wondering what the hell to do with the rest of his life.
“I took the taxi here,” Sherlock says, “hung my coat, urinated, washed my hands, and then I went to my bedroom and masturbated until I reached the –“
Sherlock takes a deep breath. “You’re going to leave me eventually. It’s inevitable. In one way or another, you’re going to leave me. But I’d estimate that you’re going to leave me during the next six months. Four, if I have underestimated your intellectual capacity.”
He pushes John’s boxers down. John’s penis is… like a penis. Slightly larger than average. Slightly tilting to the left. There’s nothing surprising about it. And Sherlock’s seen penises before. On dead people, mostly, but still. It’s not intimidating. It shouldn’t be.
Sherlock looked a little shocked. A moment later, he emerged from his bedroom again, wearing his usual, weirdly old-fashioned clothes. He took the coat and the scarf and put on shoes and walked to the door. Then he turned to glance at John.
Sherlock fixed his eyes on John’s and then slowly nodded. “But not here. I don’t want the mess on the sofa.”
“I’ve had sex before,” Sherlock said, stroking John’s arms, until his fingers stopped on John’s wrist. He pressed his thumb against the spot where John could feel his own pulse. “I
“Fifteen days,” Sherlock says. They went for a pint, as people say. It was weird. John had beer and Sherlock had orange juice. The three nicotine patches under his sleeve made him jumpy. When they were about to leave, John touched Sherlock’s back and kept his hand there for almost two seconds, then pulled his hand away and said
John nods. Sherlock realises vaguely that he’s still breathing hard and John is not. John climbs off from him, and he keeps the duvet up for long enough to take a glance at his crotch.
He kisses Sherlock and it’s so much better than any of the kisses they’ve shared in front of the camera.
“Shut up,” John says, glances at his face, then looks at his side again. “Just shut the fuck up. You should’ve gone to the hospital.”
“He met Tom,” Sherlock says, “and it takes him a while to realise that he’s in love. And then it’s scary as hell. He doesn’t know what to do, so he starts doing cocaine –“
John’s trailer is next to Sherlock’s. Of course it is. So, when Sherlock glances through the window, he can see John there, sitting in a chair in front of his own trailer, looking straight at Sherlock.
“Well, leaving me without a word sure as hell was a good way to not lose me,” John says, but his voice lacks bite.
Two nights before the premiere, Sherlock texts John. He probably shouldn’t. He knows John is busy. John has a life without Sherlock, and that’s mostly Sherlock’s fault, because Sherlock is the one who left two years, four months and thirteen days ago. Sherlock left and John filled his life with other things and it’s completely unfair that Sherlock is angry about that. And John has Rosie now. Of course John can’t spend all his time in Baker Street. Besides, John has been making a television advert for a sex toy company. The advert is Christmas-themed and apparently includes John and Santa in a very compromising position.
“You did,” Sherlock says. It’s probably the wrong thing to say, but then again, he’s always said the wrong things in the worst possible situations. That’s his
“I died. You thought I died. I didn’t tell you about the plan. You were in my funeral. You thought for two years that I –“
“You don’t need to worry about him. He’s just doesn’t know how to react to the fact that I’m now having sex.”
“Maybe you never tried to convince him,” she says, and she’s not wrong. It took him a long time to realise how important John is, and by then he had already made several mistakes.
“Oh,” the interviewer says, “thank you for reminding us, John. We actually have a clip from the movie. In this clip, you two have gone hiking and you, John, are trying to catch up with Phil, who of course has longer legs than you do.”
“Yeah, of course,” John says, and they manoeuvre their way through the living room. He leaves Sherlock on the sofa, unwraps the blanket a little and cleans the mess on Sherlock’s stomach with a tissue, and then leaves Sherlock and the blanket and goes to the kitchen to heat up take-away from yesterday. He watches while Sherlock eats, and then he makes Sherlock tea and watches while Sherlock drinks it. He thinks he’s sure that he loves Sherlock.
“You got married,” Sherlock says now, when the sentence begins to feel less dangerous than the silence dragging on.
“You said you loved me,” John said and took a deep breath. He was fucking terrified, but he had to ask. “As a boyfriend, or as food?”
Sherlock glances at John. John’s looking at the screen. At John’s other side, Greg is leaning forward, watching the movie with his mouth half-open. Mary isn’t here at all, and Sherlock’s been trying not to think about why he’s so relieved about that.
Sherlock steps back inside but leaves the door open. He hears John standing up slowly, like an old man. John is not an old man. It’s only been two years. And it wasn’t supposed to be, no, Sherlock was supposed to come back sooner. He thought he would call John after something like three months and say ‘hi, I’m back in London, sorry for leaving so suddenly but I’m here now, are you free tonight, I thought we could have dinner’.
“I love him,” John said to Mycroft. He felt about as brave as in Afghanistan, and twice as stubborn. Back there, being brave and stubborn had gotten him shot in the shoulder. He wondered what was going to happen now. “I don’t know why, but I love him,” he told Mycroft.
Sherlock goes to the kitchen and sits down in a chair, but it turns out John wants him on the table. Apparently the light is better there. He can’t keep up with what John is doing to him, because he’s too busy looking at John. John’s fingers are on his face, which is good. John’s eyes are the same. Sherlock has seen a lot of eyes, has peered into the eyes of bodies in the morgue, but he has never seen eyes as fascinating as John’s. It’s incredible. A miracle. Maybe he’s in love…
But he was. But he couldn’t be. And how would it work out, anyway? Between Sherlock and him? They would have to break up. That was the only logical thing to do. But he couldn’t possibly break up with Sherlock. He couldn’t
So, he tried to avoid drinking from humans. He remembered this pretty much at the moment when he was about to sink his fangs through the neck of the human man who had redecorated his living room.
“I just wanted to warn you about something,” Mycroft said, lowering his voice. “Don’t let him bite you.”
“No one’s going to come for their shift until early in the morning,” John said. “Unless there’s an emergency or something. You can take your time.”
“Okay,” Sherlock says and breathes out. He was so jealous. He can still remember the feeling, maybe because he’s jealous even now. He’s jealous of Mary Morstan, who got to marry John and have a child with John and share a life with John almost one and a half years. “…do you miss her?” Sherlock asks, even though he doesn’t want to know.
“Oh,” Mrs. Hudson says and pours herself more tea. “Would you – oh, but you haven’t even started yours, John. Would you like something else? Water?”
“I’m not proud of it,” he said quickly, “but I was lonely and I just wanted to sit in a room full of people, and
Sherlock gets them a taxi, pushes John inside, gives the driver John’s address and fastens John’s seatbelt. Then he tries to keep John from falling against him, but that turns out impossible, so he just shifts onto the middle seat and lets John lean against his shoulder. John is talking about the movie now, saying incoherent things like
He watches as Sherlock runs to them, kicks the murderer, throws the man onto the ground, sits on him. The murderer only seems to realise what’s happening when Sherlock has already got him pinched against the asphalt. John realises vaguely he’s not breathing. He tries to but can’t remember how. He can’t feel the air going anywhere, and when he keeps trying, for a moment he feels like he’s suffocating. But it doesn’t feel like anything, either.
“You were very drunk,” Sherlock says. He should do something. Probably he should go back to his bedroom and put some clothes on. Or alternatively he could make tea. But it seems he’s unable to do anything except stare at John, who’s sitting on his sofa in 221B Baker Street, exactly where John
“No, you aren’t, you fucking bastard,” John says, tugging his wrists but not hard enough to actually make Sherlock let go of him. He doesn’t want that. If Sherlock lets go of him, he’s going to disappear. “I should hit you. Or something.”
“Bloody hell,” John said, sat up on the sofa and reached to grab today’s newspaper from the sofa table. He covered his lap with the paper and adjusted his trousers under it.
“I’m talking about –“ But before he had a chance to say that he was talking about sex, of course, and that maybe a mutual handjob would be nice, but he wouldn’t say no if Sherlock wanted to fuck him, or the other way around, and he didn’t know what he thought about giving blowjobs but he was willing to try everything once, or twice, or a few more times if it turned out to be nice… Well, before he had time to say any of this, the door opened.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says and grabs the doorframe when standing on his own becomes too much. “I’m sorry I died. It was the only way. I didn’t realise –“
“…what?” Sherlock asks again, facing John. He feels caught between the kitchen counter of his tiny trailer and John’s body. There’s nowhere he can go. Or maybe there’s nowhere he
He pulled his hands away, took off the gloves and threw them in the bin. Then he went to wash his hands. He had semen on his forearm, so he washed that off too, grabbed paper towels and went back to Sherlock. Sherlock was still on the operating table, still naked and breathless and looking like he had just had sex.
live here?” the human asked, which made Sherlock wonder if maybe the human was an idiot even in human standards, which were incredibly low.
he was usually high. He closes his eyes for a moment and focuses on the sound of John breathing next to him. He thinks he can still feel John’s kisses on his mouth, all twenty-three of them. It’s been a long day.
“Okay,” Sherlock said in a hoarse voice, his gaze flipping between John’s eyes and throat. Maybe this was shocking to him. Maybe he had thought that during the three months they had lived together, John had slowly realised he was falling in love with Sherlock.
“Hey,” John says and pulls his hands away. “Sorry. I just need to check that you… I think you have a concussion, so…”
But there were a few things about Sherlock that seemed a bit odd. Maybe that was because the man was gay. Or maybe it was just his personality. For example, he kept bags of cattle blood in the fridge, and when John had asked him why that was, he had muttered something about scientific research. A few days later Sherlock had come home with his white shirt soaked in blood. After that, John had tried to find out what Sherlock did for a living, but when he had asked Sherlock, Sherlock had only laughed at him. Maybe Sherlock really was some kind of a mad scientist. A mad,
“He really is,” Sherlock says. “When he looks at the camera, you think you can see what he’s thinking. It’s in his eyes
“What did you do?” he asks, fucking Sherlock and stroking Sherlock and loving Sherlock. He can’t bloody help it. “Four years ago. Earlier than four years ago. There’s nothing about you on the internet.”
“What’re you doing?” Sherlock asked, looking at John from where he was standing at his bedroom door. He was wearing pyjama pants and a white t-shirt, and his hair was a mess.
him, “you don’t understand. I wanted you to be my friend. My… everything that other people have. I wanted you to be that. But not a lover. Because that’s where it always goes wrong. I’ve read stories.”
“I’m not going to let anyone hurt you ever again,” John said and then sipped more of this tea. So, apparently, he had kind of decided he wasn’t going to break up with Sherlock. And really, it had taken him thirty-eight years to find a boyfriend. Certainly he shouldn’t give up after the first obstacle, even if the obstacle was that his boyfriend was a vampire. He cleared his throat. “Could you make me into a vampire?”
“What?” Sherlock asks but goes to find John something to wear. John follows him, stops at the threshold of his bedroom and looks around. John has been here before, of course. But not many times. “Maybe a t-shirt,” Sherlock says. “And sweatpants. You used to like those.”
“No,” John says and places his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock looks slightly surprised but stays still. His chest is rising and falling with his breathing. John can hear his breathing, too. He can hear one person breathing, and next to it, an echoing silence. “No, it’s not about sex. You were
“And you have conveniently cleared out the whole sickbay from anyone who might witness me coming here.”
He can’t be around John. His heart is doing something funny in his chest and it doesn’t feel good. “Yeah,” John says again, grabs the closest chair and sits down. “Yeah, let’s do this.”
“Are you lonely or something?” John asked. His voice sounded all wrong. His life was absolutely mad and he had no idea what he and Sherlock were, and besides, the kettle was boiling.
John swallowed. Yeah, that made sense. Sherlock wanted to kiss John, and John didn’t mind, so why shouldn’t they do it? “It’s not a big deal,” he told Sherlock. “Just two men kissing.”
“Quite a lot,” Sherlock said, “you’re a human. John, I’m going to ejaculate. Did you want me to talk or can I just –“
He’s tired, he really should go to sleep. The idea that he actually killed someone is slowly getting through to him, but too slowly perhaps, because there’s no hint of remorse. He’s just happy Sherlock is alive. He’s so happy that he places his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, and when Sherlock keeps staring at him, he pulls Sherlock closer and kisses him.
“So, it’s possible that the problem has something to do with the body,” Mike said. “Well, personally I think it’s psychological. But I promised Molly –“
different, but he was doing it anyway, and if he just could… if he could think of it as work, that would certainly be better for both of them. He wouldn’t have to think that he was trying to have very awkward sex with a robot and Sherlock wouldn’t have to… Sherlock wouldn’t have to think that John was assaulting him or something.
John laughs again. “Okay. So, do you want to… Now that we’re already talking, maybe you could tell me what you’ve been up to.”
Sherlock nodded, not exactly looking him in the eyes. He rushed to show Sherlock the way to the locker room, but Sherlock seemed to know already. He walked there naked, holding his clothes. John was just goddamn glad that the nurse hadn’t come back from her coffee break.
angry, but mostly I’m… I don’t know what I am. But I’m going to forgive you. Of course I am. But you have to realise how
Sherlock was sitting in an armchair that looked absolutely ungraceful but was surprisingly cosy. John was sitting in another armchair. John still smelled incredibly good. Sherlock wasn’t even thirsty at the moment, but he would have gladly ripped John’s neck open, if he hadn’t thought that would be bad for the carpet. Besides, he kind of liked the way John was looking at him. John didn’t seem to realise what Sherlock was, which made sense, because John was an idiot. But still, John seemed to realise Sherlock was
John. He certainly saw John this morning, stepping out of the car and smiling at strangers. He made certain John didn’t see him. A few days ago, he saw John in London, through the window of John’s new flat. Judging by the focused look on John’s face, he was making a sandwich. And a week ago, Sherlock saw John crossing the road near to Baker Street. For a moment he thought John was going to come to 221B to see
“I don’t care if you’re inexperienced,” John said, pushing his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. “And you’re allowed to be nervous. I’m nervous, too. I haven’t done this before. I told you that.”
Sherlock hugged him. He hid his face in the pillow and felt Sherlock’s nose brushing against his neck.
“Oh, John,” Mrs. Hudson says, smiling at him, “we’re always a bit worried about new technology. That’s just the way we are, I suppose. New things scare us. I’m sure that after a hundred years we think human-looking robots are as ordinary as a… a television is for us now.”
Sherlock takes his cup of tea and opens the door. The curtains in John’s trailer are closed. The light is off. It’s almost as if John’s not there at all, but where else could John be? They’re filming in location in a distant village in Cornwall. There’s nothing around in here.
“I haven’t showered since yesterday,” John said and closed his eyes when Sherlock’s mouth brushed against his throat. “Sherlock, you really shouldn’t –“
“Hello, Mycroft,” he says, takes the groceries to the kitchen and starts filling the fridge. He really should get rid of the mould from Sherlock’s experiment last week. “I suppose you were just leaving.”
“It’s not.” John is smiling now. It’s not a happy smile, but it’s something. “Porn is definitely not a reliable source. But we’ll be alright. I’m a doctor. I just…”
“You are,” Sherlock says. They’ve been dancing for a while. It’s probably getting late. There’re much less people in here than there were in the beginning.
“But I have to say, I’m not surprised I found you practically licking his throat,” Mycroft said, ignoring John. “However, I
John laughs. He doesn’t sound happy. Then he sips his tea, doesn’t seem to notice that it’s exactly the way he used to want it, before everything.
John comes back to the living room. “I can’t do this anymore,” John says and waves his hand at Sherlock. “But I suppose it is what it is.”
“Well, I’m not a terribly clever man,” John says. “I’m ordinary. I’m just like anybody else. I just want… I just want you to… I want you to want to kiss me.”
“Sherlock,” John says, his voice too quiet now. Like an end of a conversation. “I don’t think you can fix this.”
John touches his face. He blinks his eyes open and sees John in his new flat in London, touching his face. Apparently he’s on John’s sofa.
Half an hour later, Sherlock came back from the locker room. He was wearing his suit again and his hair looked damp from the shower. He nodded at John, said ‘hello’ to the nurse and left the sickbay.
“This past month, when we have been working together,” John says and then takes a deep breath. “I didn’t remember how… I didn’t remember what it’s like, being around you.”
John doesn’t say anything about that, only drags a chair closer, sits down, tells Sherlock to take off his shoe and his sock and then picks Sherlock’s foot up and lifts it and places it in his lap. His hands are warm. They are always warm. He’s warm, John Watson, that’s what he is, warm inside out.
“I didn’t notice at first. Or maybe you weren’t… in the beginning. And then I didn’t do anything about it. I should have. But I didn’t and soon it was too late. It’s still too late.”
“Alright,” John said, his eyes moving back and forth on Sherlock’s face. “So, you… you really wanted to kiss my neck?”
John just stares at him. He tells himself that he’s an actor. He can do this. He can talk about this with a calm face and steady voice, even though when he first heard about it, it felt like falling into cold water. A completely absurd reaction, of course. It changes nothing that John has a child now.
“Yeah,” John says. “And, well, Rosie’s spent a lot of time with me, which is lovely, but I can’t get much sleep and also I’m worried about her, like, all the time. I feel like I’m not qualified to have a baby and I just somehow cheated on the test and got through with it.”
You’re good. You’re perfect, actually. Just… bear with me a moment longer, and I will… I’ll take care of you.”
John breathed in. Oh, god, he was going to do this, and he was going to be professional about it, and then never think about it again. “Maybe it’s better that you take everything off.”
“It’s alright,” John says. He shifts closer to Sherlock. Sherlock doesn’t back away. “It’s okay. I understand. This is new to me, too.”
Mary Morstan is obviously clever and just as obviously hiding something. She seems perfect for John, and Sherlock hates her for it more than he thought was possible. It’s absurd. It might be fascinating, too, if only it was happening to someone else.
John pulled his hand away. “Yeah. I’m just going to… Try to relax, okay?” He was pretty sure that Sherlock laughed at him, but the laughter broke off when he brushed his finger against Sherlock’s perineum.
“What do I have to…” Sherlock breathes in, breathes out. Waits. It doesn’t become easier, any of it. “To do,” he finishes. “What do I have to do to –“
“I tried to quit,” Sherlock says. “I did quit, but then my old agent… She called me about this movie.”
“I’m fucking you,” Sherlock said, sounding confused. Also, he was fucking John. Slowly, but it counted. It was slightly gay and
He watches Sherlock all the time. That doesn’t really change anything, because he’s been watching Sherlock all the time for as long as he can remember. But it feels different now. And he’s pretty sure that Sherlock notices. After a while it’s obvious that Sherlock is watching him back, as if Sherlock suspects that John suspects… something. He doesn’t know what. He doesn’t want to think about it.
“No, that’s just what people think sex is,” Sherlock said, “social constructions around –“ And then he made a noise that couldn’t be described as anything else than a whimper. John stilled his finger. He had brushed it against Sherlock’s prostate only barely, as lightly as he could.
“Because if I say that I thought you’d be shocked, you’re going to think that I’ve got some kind of a problem with my sexuality.”
“You’re cold,” John said, pushing strands of hair from Sherlock’s forehead. “Why aren’t you wearing a shirt?”
“Did you decide that you don’t want me back after all?” John asks. His voice is light. He’s pretending, must be, because his eyes are wide and scared. He laughs, and it sounds terrible. “I get it. I really wasn’t so useful, was I? I was just slowing you down. You can get the same things done alone. Probably better, too.”
On the screen, he touches John’s face. In real life, he leans towards John, so he can brush his hand against John’s on the armrest. John glances at him. He holds his breath and then meets John’s gaze, just for a second. On the screen, they’re obviously going to have sex.
He stands still as John steps closer to him, reaches through the distance between their bodies. When John puts his hands onto Sherlock’s shoulders, Sherlock takes a short breath by accident. It doesn’t matter. It’ll look good on film.
,” John said, because it seemed that Sherlock was waiting for him to keep talking, which didn’t happen often and only made the whole situation more absurd. “I want to know about
John turns the volume down. The interview ends, and the next clip, it turns out, is John and Sherlock three years ago, in a BBC interview right before
John makes an appointment with a doctor. But when the day comes, Sherlock needs his assistance with what turns out to be the dullest case they have ever had. He spends the whole day watching dogs in a park in Bristol. The supposed victim turns out to have gone on a holiday instead of having been kidnapped and killed. On the way back home, John says he should make another appointment and Sherlock asks him what he thinks about getting a dog.
John nodded. Sherlock mentioned foxes sometimes. John had a theory that maybe foxes were the subject Sherlock was studying.
“Hey,” John said, opened his eyes and touched Sherlock’s face. Then he touched Sherlock’s hair. Oh, god, he had missed Sherlock’s hair during these almost two days he hadn’t touched it. “Are you trying to make amends? Because you didn’t actually do anything wrong.”
“Sherlock,” John says again, walking closer with a baby in his arms and an ex-wife at his side. “This is… Rosie came to see me. And Mary, of course.”
“Sherlock,” John says, grabs his shoulders and shakes him, but not hard. John probably remembers the dislocated shoulder. Completely unnecessarily. It’s going to be alright. John fixes things. John would know how to fix this, too. If only he told Sherlock. “Don’t play with me, Sherlock,” John says. “What the fuck is this?”
“I was trying to concentrate,” Sherlock says. He’s having troubles concentrating right now, actually, because John has his arm draped around Sherlock’s bare stomach and his knee pushed between Sherlocks legs, and the feeling of John’s bare skin against Sherlock’s is better than cocaine.
“Of course you are,” Mycroft said. “Eventually. He’s exactly your type. A clean-shaven, mentally damaged soldier.”
“Sherlock,” John says, grabs Sherlock’s arm and pulls him close. “You’re still here. I thought that maybe you had left.”
“You aren’t saying anything I’d like to hear, so stop it,” John says and runs his thumb up, pressing slightly against Sherlock’s length. “You’re hard.”
“Sherlock,” he said when they had been kissing for about fifteen minutes and Sherlock’s knee was brushing against his crotch with every kiss. He wasn’t exactly sure how they had ended up lying on the sofa, but he didn’t mind. “Sherlock,” he tried again, when Sherlock stopped kissing him on the mouth and nipped the skin on his throat instead.
John straightens his back, places the cup of tea on the side table. A decision, then. He’s made a decision, and Sherlock doesn’t know what that is. “I should’ve at least called.”
“Stop saying these things,” John says, but he doesn’t sound like he means it, and he hasn’t moved away.
Sherlock turns to face him. He looks Sherlock in the eyes even though he’s pretty sure his face is turning pink. Sherlock is naked, too. There’s still a bit of dried blood under his nose.
“On the table, I suppose,” Sherlock said, watching him. It really looked like a human, only… exceptionally attractive. But some people were like that. If John hadn’t known what it was, he wouldn’t have been able to tell. Fuck, that was terrifying. “John,” it said, its voice low and gentle, like John was the one who needed to be comforted about what was going to happen next. “You want to examine if there’s a reason why I don’t respond favourably to… touch. You’re going to want to concentrate on my genitalia, since that area is normally highly sensitive for sexual stimuli. And because that’s what humans think when they think about so-called sex.”
John blinks. They’re standing so close to each other that Sherlock could count John’s wrinkles. He did, once. One Sunday afternoon, when he was bored and John was standing close to him, complaining about the state of the kitchen. But he supposes John has more wrinkles now. “What?” John asks. His voice has turned small again. He looks like he might hit Sherlock in the face. Or kiss.
“If you say that you didn’t find anything wrong with me, they’re going to make me see the psychiatrist. And then when the psychiatrist tells them he can’t fix me, they’re going to reprogram me, because they won’t know what else to do with me.”
So, he wasn’t interested in Sherlock. Not sexually. Or romantically. Sherlock was very handsome in a posh way, infuriatingly tall, and had a sense of humour that was so odd John sometimes wondered if the things Sherlock said weren’t a joke after all. Sherlock was maddening and fascinating, and if John had been gay, he certainly would have been interested in Sherlock. But he wasn’t, so he wasn’t. He didn’t think about kissing Sherlock at all, and he certainly didn’t wonder what it would be like to have sex with Sherlock. Odd, probably. But nice. In an odd way. In a nice, odd way. Sherlock would be bossy but clumsy, and John would be patient and gentle and it would be great. He didn’t know much about gay sex, and he only watched gay porn sometimes because it was hot, but he knew enough, and he was sure he could find out what Sherlock liked in bed.
John cleared his throat. “I’m just going to do the regular check-up first. Just to see that you’re… alright.”
Sherlock shook his head. “It tastes like mud. And it’s not good for my stomach. If I try to eat it, I’ll probably just vomit.”
The next time Sherlock goes to John’s flat, Mary is away again. John lets Sherlock in without a word and puts stitches in the wound on Sherlock’s right arm. After, he wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s wrist and squeezes, probably not hard enough to bruise, but hard enough to drag Sherlock onto his feet. John pushes him against the wall, he goes easily enough. Maybe he should fight. Maybe he should make John punch him. Maybe that would help.
“You should,” Sherlock said in a heavy voice and glanced at the table. “So, you want me on the operating table, on my back, my feet in the stirrups. That’s practical. Am I wrong?”
“Thanks,” John says, “but no. I just stopped by to see how you were doing, and you’re doing fine, so… I’ll just go.”
“You started using drugs when you were living with me,” John says. He sounds angry and unbelieving and most of all, hurt. “How can it not be my fault?”
“I just want to make you feel good,” John said and bit his lip. “So, should I… should I take my pants off?”
There’re steps again. John walks towards Sherlock’s bedroom, stops, takes a few more steps, stops again. He’s probably almost at the door now. Maybe he’s going to knock. Maybe he’s going to come in. Maybe he’s going to get in bed with Sherlock and -
He kisses John and John grabs his shoulders with both hands and kisses him with more bite than Tom did in the movie. He forgets to breathe and soon his head feels a bit light. He pulls back and John pulls back, looking at him with wide eyes and an open mouth. People laugh happily. Sherlock doesn’t remember how to smile. John takes a step away from him, but when he says he needs to go to the bathroom and leaves, John follows him. The bathroom is quiet except for the jazz coming from the speakers. They urinate side by side and then wash their hands. For a moment Sherlock’s sure John’s going to say something, but John doesn’t.
“Sex,” the robot said, looking at John, “is a mutual act between consenting persons. I have never had sex. Now, I should have at least an hour before the next idiot comes knocking on my door. Please, go.”
“I don’t think it works like that,” John says, his fingers rubbing circles against Sherlock’s scalp. And shaking. But only slightly.
He tells Sherlock they can do anything. He could use his hand on Sherlock, or his mouth. But Sherlock is lying on his back on the bed now and the glistening on his skin isn’t from the shower anymore, it’s sweat. He’s shaking. He wraps his feet around the small of John’s back and John wriggles closer. John says he doesn’t have a condom. Sherlock laughs at him and says it’s alright. He says they need lubricant and Sherlock pulls a tube from the drawer. He tells Sherlock he wants to go slowly and at least Sherlock lets him have that.
“I know,” Sherlock says and leans against John’s shoulder. “My legs appear to be a bit unsteady at the moment. Would you help me to the sofa?”
“You don’t have to thank me,” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s thigh for leverage. “It’s rather enjoyable. For example, the pressure around my penis is quite satisfying.”
“I do,” John said and smiled at Sherlock, who was looking at him as if he wanted to eat John. But well, John had got used to that look. And there was going to be a lot of cattle blood in the reception, hidden in red wine bottles.
