They walked from the corner and saw Harry and Gabrielle without a scratch. The other two aurors, the ones that were backup, were staring at the trio with wide eyes as they approached.
Ah, so hungover, not sleep deprived. Coffee and pot for their landlady. So be it. Her cell phone rang.
Mary's eyes widened, she clearly recognised the name. But she still stubbornly stared back at John, she didn't seem capable of relenting in this specific point.
"Thank you."
He was smirking, clearly the joke wasn’t related to John’s height. He actually made Sherlock blush a little.
“Remember what I said about your family? Well, it works both ways I think. Alec, this is my brother, John.”
“Since you are part of the Shadow World, it is your concern. And since it involves you, it involves me by default. Don’t keep anymore secrets from me, John.”
“Alright there?”
“Mycroft. What was Greg Lestrade doing at the scene today? With all his team? Surely this was a matter for the Shadow World.”
“You mean my mother’s guests.”
He released Victor into a magically conjured gurney, and he was about to follow Sherlock into the lift when he heard a voice behind him.
John looked again back at Sherlock, who nodded barely. Then he jumped from the sofa and locked himself in his room, surely changing into one of his suits. John was already dressed, but he guessed it wouldn’t hurt to change into a less worn jumper. And bring his gun.
Sherlock looked out the window, before turning and locking his eyes on John.
“Yes, John, exactly. But that is for antidotes, more like the First and Second laws. It applies to every potion. If you know what to look for.”
The figure turned, and he indeed was not hallucinating, because in front of him, in wizarding robes, was no other than Sherlock Holmes. His face was one of extreme shock and fear, yes, fear that brought the memory of the Baskerville case. That calm mask quickly replaced it, the one he knew the detective reserved for hiding emotions. John himself was wearing dark blue wizarding robes, and he was steaming with anger and shock when his friend approached him.
"Well, I guess I was the last one who had to forget something today."
"Because you are obsessed with Quidditch."
She waved him off and said “Retrieval. Take the body into the Department of Mysteries. Alert my husband, Harry, and the investigation team. I’ll give a full account as soon as I get back into the office.”
“Four.”
"Oh for God's sake, Sherlock, it's
"What are you doing? That woman was evidently misjudging for something your sister did, blaming you when not everything is on your shoulders. For example, Harry cheating and her being an anal retentive workaholic don't lead back to you."
John was giving him one of his
“Relationships and immortality are complicated, young one. I’m sure you know that by now.”
“Maybe with a brain like yours, you get enhanced sight or something. I haven’t done any proper research on the subject. Magnus, do you know anything about ghosts of the London Institute?”
“I can’t believe I wasted all that time…”
“What are you blabbing about?”
“You trust this man that much?”
Victor gave John a rare look, like reassessing everything he knew about him once again. He looked positively elated at John’s positive comment and praise. He then bent over the body, and he started muttering things, as spells appeared from the tip of his wand.
“In your Mind Palace?”
Sherlock was quiet through the whole thing, and John knew that look, storing and gathering data, sometimes he even wondered how much space Sherlock had for him on his Mind Palace.
“Victor, if you want me to continue repairing your skin, you will refrain to use innuendo on my partner.”
“Really? We haven’t even recovered the bodies yet. And I’m also with Homicide, why would my superior take this case from me? Have I done something wrong?”
Sherlock shook her hand, and Clara gave him a half-smile, nodding towards John.
, Miff. She loves that wand as much as I love mine.”
“Indeed I will.”
“All of you must perform latching spells on Gabrielle. Everyone, when I say so, release the handle, but don’t close your door. You might experience some motion sickness but walk to Gabrielle following your bindings to her. When you release the handle, Elle, take a step in.”
Mycroft looked at Sherlock now.
Translation from latin:
“Your brother loves playing his little games, but I never knew someone outside the Ministry, other than some DA members, who knew the inner room of the Department of Mysteries. This feels wrong.”
“I’m going to
“I believe I sustained some minor injuries. Nothing to worry about, though.”
"Quite the double act then, you and Mr Wood?"
“Yes, John. He was planning on summoning Moriarty’s soul and place it on my nephew’s body. I’m sorry, but it’s tough for me to feel anything but hatred for the man. We need to pick the pieces. If my brother survives this, he can track Moran’s body with them.”
He decided to leave the bed finally, walking the stairs in the same clothes he wore the day before. Sherlock was on the sofa now, quietly brooding, with his hands as in prayer near his chin. John knew saying good morning wouldn’t produce any response now, so he busied himself making tea and getting biscuits out of a tin. John placed a cup near Sherlock, and sat in his chair, drinking his tea quietly. He needed to see his wife in Cornwall. He told Sherlock so, getting no reply again. He sighed, took his wand out and apparated out of the flat.
“Amazing.”
"That is how they call it. Interesting."
“Please, portal into my apartment.”
“I’m sorry, Miss, do we know you?”
They soon reached their destination, and John shadowed Sherlock as he proceeded to exit the TARDIS. They were standing in the foyer of what seemed a very elegant place, the restaurant if he remembered well what Rory said. Surely his mind was running on pure adrenaline,
“Oh, can it, darling. Irene is going to murder me if this case goes on for too long. I was in the middle of a shoot in Arizona when Mac called. I see you are back wearing those disgraceful jumpers.”
“Er, I think you’ve got the wrong dressing room.”
Everything was just darkness after that.
“I’m joining you.”
"Well, he is amazing too."
Harry giggled, and Sherlock noticed it was very much alike John’s own giggle.
“Mycroft Holmes, what on God’s name are you?”
“Very well. Alissa is out with Harry, and Anthea is otherwise occupied, as you know. Victor can go with you.”
"Yes. Draco is married to my cousin Astoria. Far too good for him, if I must say so. But unfortunately, her family on her mother's side has an old curse, and it manifested in her. I... I don't think she will live much longer. Her sister Daphne is a horrible person. She used to pull my hair when we were little. She hates Mycroft because he inherited the state even though their father was the one who carried the last name. But Mummy was older, and her father loved her dearly, so he didn't do traditional succession, and Grand-mère respected his wishes. He got the French Manor, but Daphne is still bitter, even though Astoria let her have all the inheritance. Merlin knows the Malfoy's have enough money."
Sherlock actually winced while saying those words, as if they pained him.
"We can do it, John, we can save our family. We can go away, away from all of this. You did it once, walk away from all this nonsense. You can do it again. We can leave London; we can leave the country if necessary."
"I'd rather be with our child. In fact, let's remedy that, I'm sure Father could use the company..."
“I think it’s better if it’s us and maybe Harry and one or two of the best aurors in the office. It will be easier to surprise him if fewer people are lurking that he can detect. He doesn’t know we will be coming his way.”
He mentally started going through the calculations in his mind. 34 weeks? The baby was going to be small, and she may have respiratory distress.
“It’s worth a try. He is one of the oldest and she is one of his only two fledgelings. He can make her see reason. Or else.”
He pointed at the keeper gloves he was carrying lazily over his broom.
And at that precise moment he started rubbing Sherlock’s knee. The detective shouldn’t find that simple touch arousing, but he clearly did.
. I’m going to talk to Percy about a Portkey right now. We’ll have to talk to Harry to arrange a team, and we need to contact MACUSA for permission. I’ll handle the details.”
“You are the best of us in healing, don’t I know that. Too much to ask for you to have a blood replenishing potion with you?”
He grabbed his umbrella from the door and walked out of the flat. Greg sat back down, clearly still angry.
“Are you really keeping that?”
Mycroft gave his wife the clear bottle with silver liquid, and she handed the vial to Sherlock. Victor moved to reach the tapestry, pulling out his wand, before Sherlock stopped him and looked at John instead. Somewhat relieved, John walked forward and repeated the earlier motion from memory. Victor took a step back, throwing John dirty looks from the wall nearby. The pensieve reappeared, and Sherlock once again poured the contents of the vial inside. John grabbed his hand once more and touched the glowing liquid with the tip of his wand.
He was livid with anger. He wanted to punch someone, hell, kill someone. His wife, the assassin, left his baby. Because he didn’t care that she abandoned him, not after all the lies and deceit they both inflicted on each other. He cared that his beautiful baby, less than a day old, will apparently grow up without a mother. Soon that dawned on him. He was a single dad. He felt he was bound to be a crappy father anyway, but now doing it all on his own? He opened and closed his left hand before he sat down back again.
The women looked disappointed, and John gave them a chastising look. One of them had the decency to look embarrassed. John herded their party to the fireplace and waited until only them remained before telling him.
“You? Why would I want you as my handler, John? A man whose wife just left him with a newborn baby, who, as soon as he sees the opportunity, would see fit to leave me alone and wandless again?”
Harry, Alissa, and Victor stepped to the sides and started duelling the two other sentries, Victor focusing on one and Harry shielding Alissa while they both duelled the one in the middle. Sherlock and John focused on Madame Delglove, who kept shooting killing curses to them, while John deflected them, Sherlock tried to curse her but kept missing his target. In a silent exchange, just a glance, they switched, and John started sending while Sherlock shielded both of them, still, John couldn’t land a single blow on her. Neither could the others.
Victor managed to look offended, then started browsing through the books, before grabbing one and placing it in John’s hands.
“He called me, Sherlock.”
“So fate it is.”
Then, Sherlock was dead. Or so it seemed, at least, to the crowd of spectators that appeared next to John, as he continued to act, mourning his best friend, following his body all the way up to the morgue at St. Bart’s. John had managed to break Sherlock’s fall, barely just. The man thought he was saving his life, that much he gathered, before he placed him into his death like spell. Just like Romeo and Juliet, but a bit more twisted and definitely
“Shut up you both.”
"You don't mind?"
“It’s dangerous now, darling, with the Cold Peace. You know the new accords basically forbid interaction with the Fae, especially dallying in the courts. You’ll have Shadowhunters breathing on your neck in no time.”
John actually giggled at the comment.
“Yes, yes, but a man can dream…”
“That’s impossible, she looks about twenty.”
“Impossible.”
“Er, yes.”
"License? You need a license to talk to your wife?"
His phone proceeded to fill with pictures of a really blue baby, dark blue, not light blue as his sister’s friend Catarina. He smiled to himself, and proceeded to hide the pictures in a secret folder in his phone.
He emphasized on the p, while he continued to work on Victor’s legs now. They started hearing movement more rooted in the tunnel, and Victor transfigured a rock into a big glass wall, effectively shielding them from whatever was dormant within. If getting in was proving to be a nightmare, John didn’t want to imagine what lay ahead.
“Hmmm. I’ll pop into Baker Street. Who knows – jump of a cake.”
“You can join us now if you want, Mummy.”
“The plan is a happy family.”
“Victoria. A word.”
Victor pulled out his phone and grimaced, no doubt his texts were a little more colourful.
"That would be your cousin or so. That is Draco Malfoy, possibly hounding Harry again on his son's parentage."
And soon enough, they were by a river in a secluded spot on planet Earth, were a silver haired Scotsman with bushy eyebrows was sitting near a group of otters. His expression changed from pensive to annoyed when he caught sight of them.
“Well, he is.”
“So America it is then.”
“You keep telling me about my sight. I’ve seen the Institute. I’ve seen boys with tattoos in that precise building.”
John braces himself and touches Sherlock knee. He is not repulsed, he sees. He doesn’t flinch at contact with John. He had never really dated mundanes much, except that one time in the 1800s when a beautiful and kind mundane woman caught his eye. He abstained after that partly because of Ragnor, but mostly because it wasn’t worth the trouble, revealing himself and explaining everything to someone. Someone who would eventually die and leave him alone. Even after the contact lenses, he liked being alone or in the company of his own kind. He had enjoyed the company of some Shadowhunters in the old days, when his brother visited London, and he and his brother had a real fight once about a werewolf suitor, which they both wanted but Magnus got in the end. He liked the new generation of Shadowhunters from the New York Institute, especially little Clary Fairchild. In fact, John Watson was a real grinch sometimes. The silence spreads comfortably between them, and sooner rather than later, Sherlock’s hand is over the one he has on the detective’s knee.
Bit more of Sherlock whump in the beginning.  Some sexual themes.  Not super-explicit, but, explicit enough.  Some language.
? John thought, horrified.  The demon didn’t stop, jamming the prod into Sherlock, deep, until he could barely breath, and was left burned and bleeding.  The demons outside the cage kept running their pipes along the bars, banging them on occasion.
"Sit down," he said.  "And tell me your case."
Sometimes the pokers the demons came in with were hot, glowing from the heat of a fire.  It didn’t take long for his feet to be burned, for them to work their way up his legs, to his buttocks and cock, to stomach—they had fun carving angel repelling wounds there, until Moriarty reminded them that he could still be affected by them, and they stopped, moving on to poke and burn Sherlock’s under arms and neck.
Sally looked aghast.  “You steal bodies?” she asked.  “Sherlock’s…body has a family?  And he let it get tortured?”
(See the end of the chapter for
So I tried to have Sherlock starting to get a little better. He is still far from perfect, he is still weak.  He does have a reason for helping the boy and his sister.  It will be explained in the next chapter I think.
The whip, therefore, in its first appearance, was a surprise.  He’d yelled and stood, and Moriarty was there with a whip in his had.  Sherlock’s shoulder had split.
Moriarty took another blade from out of nowhere, pressed himself tight against Sherlock once more.  He touched the blade to nipple, made a small cut.  Sherlock moaned.  Moriarty laughed.  He cut, with the knife at Sherlock’s now exposed armpits, digging the blade in nearly to the hilt, seeming to relish the cry.  John hissed slightly, watching the knife appear between the bones of the shoulder and collar bone.  Moriarty pulled it away, and then placed it, blade side first, against Sherlock’s chest.  He pressed a kiss at his neck.
than before.  And John didn’t know, didn't know how much different he was.   False John had known.  Real John wouldn’t.  So he’d assure him.  Once he knew that it wasn’t a False John…it was Real John, with the proper smell, and feel, he’d reassure Real John too.  Real John wouldn’t know.  Real John would want to make sure.  False John…would know already.  He wouldn’t need to check to see that it was really him.  He didn’t want to speak to a False John.  So when John started moving fingers across his face, he was relieved.
“Sherlock!” John said.  They were on a beach.  Sherlock looked much worse than he had before.
needed to be sure, so John needed to test him as well.  The next day, when Sherlock hesitantly put John’s hand on his cheek, John, feeling a little awkward, started moving his hand slowly over Sherlock’s face.
**Isda--angel of Nourishment, physical and emotional wellbeing.  There are better angels of healing, but I figured, on short notice, she might be the closest one Mycroft could get ahold of.
Then he was dizzy and breathless, and Sherlock’s forehead was pressed against his, mercurial eyes staring pleadingly at him.    John closed his eyes, trying to breath normally.  God.  His hands at some point, like Sherlock’s had locked in the others hair, and his fingers tightened slightly, before he relinquished his grip.
After these dreams, Moriarty would stand, gloating at him.  “Well, Sherlock?” he crowed.  “Enjoying your sleep?  See anything interesting?”  And Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, the beginnings of a sneer.
BANG BANG BANG.  Echoing around what felt like a vast chamber.  Everything was dark and spinning but just for a moment.  It took him a moment to realize where he was.  Sherlock’s memory.  He was in Sherlock’s memory.  He felt vaguely horrified.  For a moment, he was Sherlock.  He was freezing, feet cramping on the concrete floor, wrists chafing, metal shackles tight around them, a collar around his neck, large spokes digging against his skin every time he moved.  There was a pain he couldn’t understand, radiating from…somewhere down into his shoulder and side.  It was only a moment, and then he was forced outside Sherlock’s body, and he was watching the scene as a ghost.
"No God here," he hissed.  "He can't hear you, no one can.  Your precious Father is dead angel.  He won't help you now.  There's no one.  No one but me."  And he made the incision, straight down Sherlock's torso.  He screamed.  The demon didn't stop cutting, making two more cuts from the shoulders, meeting the center line.  Sherlock was shaking, unable to even scream as the skin was pulled away, leaving his rib cage exposed.  The demon grinned at him.  "Ready nurse, for the autopsy?" he asked, and there was a low chuckle from a demon Sherlock hadn't seen before.  A young woman strode up to the table.
So.  This has got sex in it.  Well, rape, technically.  Just in case you don't want to read that bit.  It's at the end, and it is obvious when it is coming.  So you are warned.
Learning what was real took….a long time.  He had to be sure, he had to feel things for himself.   And even then, he needed Mycroft to prove it.  To tell him it was alright.  That it was John.  Or Lestrade.  He didn’t really remember much English.  It was easier to speak in Enochian.  Or in one of the other languages of the angels.  Mycroft wanted him to speak in English though.  As did John, so he tried.  In the end, it was exhausting, so mostly, he didn’t speak at all, not for a long time.
;” He screamed the last word, and Sherlock got slowly to his feet.  John could see his legs trembling with the effort.
The room started to swim again, spinning into blackness, until all John could hear was the sick sound of metal hitting flesh and then nothing but the banging of metal clubs on the bars.
“Yes.  He was.  I…haven’t determined the reason for that yet,” said Mycroft.  “It seems he found something
…It hadn’t been the first time that they had fucked Sherlock.  It wasn’t even they first time more than one of them had done it.  But, it had been the most brutal.  The most in succession.  And the first time Moriarty had used John’s face to do it.  He had taken the last sacred thing Sherlock possessed, his one lingering…fantasy, and destroyed it.  He had ripped up Sherlock’s hope and smashed them beneath his feet.
“Not quite what you’d pictured, I assume.  “We are not quite as depicted by Renaissance painters.  I assure you, Sherlock is actually one of the nicer ones, believe it or not.”  Sally managed a choked sort of noise.  “Do not mock, Ms Donovan.  I have kept your memory intact because I believe my brother actually rather likes you in his own way, at least, he respects you more than he does most of your co-workers, and also because I needed someone in the Yard to back up the Detective Inspector here, when he gives a falsified report if people start asking questions.”  She swallowed.  “Thank you.  Now.  Do not ask me what happened to my brother.  I was not there, I do not know.  That warehouse, the cage, both were warded.  He couldn’t get out, and he couldn’t be heard, not by anyone.  If someone had happened to be able to get inside the warehouse, which they wouldn’t have, the warding was too strong, they wouldn’t have been able to see or hear him, if they passed within inches of the cage.  I do not know what happened, and I do not know the extent of his injuries, though it seems they were severe.  His grace…his power, was…muted, I suppose.  It’s the only way he could have sustained some of his injuires.  I do not know how, though I aim to find out.  This seems to mean that he actually needed food and warmth, and sleep, especially in the cold.  It furthermore seems, that these were all denied him rather consistently.”  There was a knock on the door.  “Come in.”  The woman John knew as Anthea came in.
“John Watson! A sight for sore eyes!”
“Hardly. Enough people are involved as it is. Send the two that you have to one of the sites, Gabrielle and you can go to the other, and the rest of us will get to the last one. The team who finds Moran signals the others.”
“I was wondering about you John, you know, you were clearly something else to tolerate that one.”
“No, that is not true. You look younger, and that merely ages you enough so that you can look about your age.”
"I need to help with this case, Mary. I'm not going into hiding."
“Tum, you are disgusting, you know?”
Sherlock Holmes was attracted to John Watson like a moth to a flame. He sensed something different in John, but he couldn’t really pinpoint what it was. It could be that he was loyal, and caring, also really handsome. He cursed himself sometimes for rejecting John’s advances on their first night out. But with his anomaly, he had never been able to hold anyone close. He never opened to anyone, after the rebuttals he received from his mother and brother about his little “quirk”. He contented himself with the few people he let close, his loving landlady, Lestrade, who was now a DI and a quiet pathologist named Molly Hooper. And John. Now John Watson had woven himself into his live, unassuming and patient sometimes, a really angry little man other times, but really, Sherlock could get on anybody’s nerves most times. Now John didn’t even yell at him about the body parts in the kitchen. Then Moriarty came.
something inside Sherlock whispered.  But he hadn't, not recently.  He'd been
“What was that?”
where the hell are you? And then he was there, as though he’d always been.  He raised a hand, and the cage was gone.  John’s mouth fell open.  Mycroft raised his hand again, and Sherlock was clean, though far from whole.  Scars crisscrossed everywhere along his body, detailing nearly unimaginable tortures.  Some fresh injuries were still bleeding.  Mycroft frowned.  Sherlock saw Mycroft and tried to crawl away, but Mycroft put a hand to Sherlock’s head, and he collapsed, unconscious.
“Come Angela, give him some time.”  Sherlock had snorted.  A demon named Angela.  Ironic.  She’d given him another poke, this one in the stomach and danced away.   “You enjoy your sleep?”  He’d only had about two hours of it.  They’d kept screaming, and invisible hands kept yanking on the chains around his wrists and neck.  He didn’t answer, merely glared at Moriarty.
“Um…John?  It’s Molly…Sherlock is in the morgue…he’s got…wings.”
“Some would argue that blackmailing another into allowing himself to be kidnapped and tortured is cheating too,” he snarled.  Moriarty shoved the pipe he’d removed through Sherlock’s abdomen.
Lestrade moved slowly toward the cage, touching the bars. Sherlock became frantic, screaming, flinging himself against the walls.  He hid behind the wings, though the motion seemed to cause him pain.  Lestrade stepped away, and Sherlock seemed to calm.  At least, he stopped screaming.  His eyes darted wildly around the room again; then he caught sight of John.
“It’s good, yeah.”
It has been....a long time since I've updated.  Sorry about that.  I've had this chapter...or versions of it, in my mind for a while.  There are a few things that might come back next chapter.  I am thinking, only one or two more, and then this story will be finished.
But Sherlock always came out of it on his own now.  Sometimes faster than others, sometimes looking a bit frightened or unnerved, but always...with a sort of air of contentment at the same time.  John had asked what he did, when he 'went away' into his head. Sherlock said he was reorganizing his mind palace.
Mycroft keeps a bedside vigil.
Also has Sherlock's side of the Dreams from earlier.
Mycroft’s face was too big.  Too close.  Sherlock closed his eyes.  Maybe it would go away.  He opened his eyes.  It was still there.  Further away now.  Drifting toward him once more.  Why couldn’t he see?  He whimpered a little.  There was a hand on his shoulder, and he flung himself backward.  No, not…he couldn’t finish the thought, couldn’t remember what had been the problem.  “Sherlock!”  that was his name, he knew that, that was…good, that he knew his name and…he was pressed into the corner, Mycroft coming close.   No, no, he didn’t want Mycroft near him, why was he moving toward him?  He moaned, trying to fit himself further into the corner.  It wasn’t working, why?  Why couldn’t he make himself smaller?  The buzzing in his head…there was a buzzing, and it wouldn’t….stop.  There was a banging now, why….buzzing changed to banging, buzzing to banging buzzing to banging, banging, banging, banging….
Also contains some Angel History, by Mycroft!  Some is personal head canon, and some is borrowed from CW's Supernatural, and then embellished a bit.
Sherlock crouched on the floor, legs cramping, feet numb.  His arms were tucked tight against his chest.  He would have tucked his wings around him for added warmth, but the knives were still there, pinning the wings above his head, making it impossible for him to sit fully.  His eyes were closed and he leaned against the wall.  His stomach rumbled.  Stop it he told himself.  He had never needed food before.  He hated relying on it.  And James…well, he went by Moriarty now, he didn’t seem to care.  Of course he didn’t care, he loved it.  The fact that Sherlock was hungry, always hungry.  He’d only been here a week.  So far, it hadn’t been
be?  He collapsed in on himself, and Moriarty’s laughter didn’t move him.  That dead look in Sherlock’s eyes, that hadn’t really gone away….John saw it in him in this vision.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was happy to have him here, though he worried incessantly.  Sherlock wanted to tell him that it would be alright, that he was fine, he was home.  But he wasn't really fine at all, and they both knew it.  And talking, lately, had just seemed to be so much extra effort that he didn't feel like dealing with at all.  English felt wrong on his tongue.   All the little rules and regulations felt tiny and insignificant and he simply didn't care.  He could get his point across with out using words.  And John more or less accepted that, taking Sherlock's impressions and images and using those to communicate, though he begged him to use his words almost daily.   Sometimes Sherlock complied.  Other times he did not.
"I got the spreaders," she said gleefully.
Sherlock simply shrugged, and dipped his hand back into the pond.  “You do realize that if there is no pollutants in that thing, as soon as it rains those fish will die.”  Sherlock gave him a dirty look.  The one that said
The woman with the poker slipped it between the arse cheeks, spreading them, burning him slowly.  She let the poker drift down, skimming the balls, and then she struck, hard, at the insides of Sherlock’s thighs, forcing his legs apart.
“Can’t have them killing you too quickly, can we brother?” he’d sing-songed.   Sherlock lay on the floor, curled up in the fetal position.  He gasped for breath, shook in pain and exhaustion.  Blood still flowed rather freely from his back, his feet, his hands.  His vision was hazy and swimming, his hearing was off, everything seemed to fade in and out, echoing.     Moriarty ‘tsk’d.’  “This won’t do.”  He clicked his fingers.  And Sherlock’s wounds healed themselves over.  They scarred, didn’t vanish as though they’d never been there, but they healed, from the bottom up. “There now.  Now you won’t die on me.  Good.  Because I still have a lot of fun planned for you.”
….He was chained, arms stretched above his head, feet not touching the floor.  His shoulders ached.  There was something hard and unforgiving up his arse.  At least it wasn’t moving.  Sometimes they moved.  Moriarty was pacing in circles around him, saying something.  Probably something threatening, but Sherlock didn’t hear any of it.  His eyes were on the whip.  Though of course, it was when he couldn’t see it that it was used.  He screamed….
"No," muttered John.  "Sherlock  don't you dare," he added, pushing the thought toward his friend with all his might, but Sherlock ignored him, and pushed slightly.  And there was a loud
*Dina--angel of Learning, also of Knowledge and Communication.  I figured, this would be a good one to represent Anthea from the show.
"  He was half sobbing, and John couldn't grab hold of his wrists.  Sherlock had most of his strength, and pushing John away was no harder than pushing away a flea.  "Rats, rats," he sobbed, "get it out, get it out, no, no, no,
Wow, it's taken me forever to get this up.  Sorry about that.  This might be the last for real chapter.  I might do one more, set a few years in the future and put in some Johnlock slash, but....I guess that depends on demand?  So.  Unless I get hit with a real good idea, this is it.  I might do ficlets in this universe of various extras.
Sherlock groaned, and sunk to a low crouch.  “Why?” he muttered.  “Why, he…I don’t think he could…and dead now, dead.  But tricking…always with tricks, and John and…I can’t…”  He didn’t seem to be able to hold onto a thought, just muttering and sometimes giving out a little scream as he seemed to see something John couldn’t.    It was the longest vision Sherlock had sent him, though it did start speeding up slightly.  Things bled together, and paused as Sherlock let out a scream.  A window broke. He wrapped his arms around his legs.  And Sherlock waited for the next trick, for the next bout of pain.  Because, though he could see Moriarty, dead on the floor, it wasn’t real.  It was never real.  And so he waited.  He waited for Moriarty to drag him back to the real world, from where he would never, ever escape.
phone.  We can’t get to him.”
” and with a flick of his hand and a few new words….words Sherlock didn’t understand, there was a terrible ripping and tearing, and he screamed as his wings were made to manifest.  He hadn’t even known that was possible.  Apparently it was.  He writhed on the floor, tearing at his back.  His shirt was torn where the wings had been forced through it, hanging off his back in shreds.  He managed to push himself to his knees, when he noticed a large black blur heading for him.  Then everything went dark.
“God Sherlock,” he whispered.  “I am so, so sorry.”  Sherlock didn’t answer, just tightened his own hands around John’s head, then looked to the bed again.  John swallowed, before carefully lifting Sherlock, under his knees and under his arms, and slowly standing and making his way to the bed, depositing Sherlock on it.  Sherlock stared at John again.  “I understand,” he murmured.  And he did.  Why that boy clicking his stick along the fence had set Sherlock off the way it had.  Normal things, taken and twisted and exaggerated, and most of them had meant pain.
“I’m…dreaming, right?  This is just a dream.  You…you died, they said you died and… you have wings.  But that’s…that’s crazy…”  Sherlock was up and moving toward her, picking up the instrument tray and handing it back to her.  She almost dropped it again.  All the instruments were on it and in place.
“Stop it,” snapped Moriarty, and John felt instantly ill.  Moriarty looked like him.  Mycroft had explained the wraith, that she could essentially make Sherlock see whatever she wanted.  John’s form was apparently a common visitor to Sherlock’s cell.
Sherlock closed his eyes again.  John ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair.  Sherlock shivered slightly.  He turned, and lay slowly on the bed.  John smoothed his hair away from his forehead again, and then took his leave.
It was impossible to give him a shirt.  Even without the left over memories of torture, his wings were still in horrible shape.  And he couldn’t…hide them, couldn’t return them to the proper plane.  Mycroft couldn’t do it himself, and Sherlock lacked to presence of mind.    So blankets, at first, and even after, were provided in lieu of clothing.  They were often abandoned, or vanished out of existence by a frightened or distraught Sherlock.
Sherlock learned things about demons too.  He learned that they liked iron.  And they liked especially, to send it crashing across his face.  Moriarty though, seemed to like his face.  More so than the rest of his body, which was only healed when it was broken nearly beyond repair, and even then, thick scars roped around it, covering back, stomach, legs.  His face though, Moriarty healed with almost no scarring every time.
“Alright then,” said Moriarty’s voice.  “I won’t hurt him.  Yet.”  And blackness took him again.
So.  Not a superheavy Sherlock chapter.  Sorry.
“Please,” said Sherlock, “please, please,”  He alternated muttering and screaming.  “Don’t hurt him, please,”  Until finally the metal stopped connecting with skin and the chain lifted him up higher, almost to the roof, and then was severed, sending him plummeting to the ground.  His leg made a horrible cracking sound.  Then he screamed again, because someone was on his leg, pulling and he screamed yet again as the bone was forced through skin and
Not brit-picked or super edited.  Mistakes are likely, and they are all mine.
(See the end of the chapter for
John strode over, ignoring the warning from Lestrade.  Sherlock looked up and started to…well, to be honest, John didn’t know what he started to do.  The sounds coming out of his mouth were not human.  John was forced to his knees. Somewhere, a previously unbroken window shattered.  The room seemed to vibrate.  He forced himself to stand to move to the wing, and jerk the blade out.  The bars of the cage shook, though they didn’t break.  There were odd markings and symbols on them that John couldn’t quite make out as he rounded the cage slowly.  Plaster started to rain down on them.  Lestrade beat John to the second knife, pulling it out.  The wings snapped into the cage, but seemed to hang wrong.  Bone stuck out of them at odd angles.  Badly broken.  The screaming stopped.
"Which one's yours?" she asked, and honestly, John thought it was obvious.  He had his own socks and shoes on, and yet was clutching another grown mans pair.  Sherlock was more or less the only lone man in the park, and he was the only one without shoes.  Sherlock would have had a scathing comment.  John just smiled and pointed.  He was examining the large tree at the edge of the park now, about fifty or so paces from the bench where John sat.  The woman nodded, pity filling her eyes, and John immediately felt his defenses rise.  "I have a niece," she said.  "Autistic, poor dear.  It's nice though, that they let him out.  Are you his doctor?"  John tightened his jaw.
, that he was
Sherlock had lost track of how much time had passed.  There was snow on the ground, he knew.  Because it had swirled into the warehouse the night before, and piled up a bit on the floor under the windows.  He’d actually managed to fall asleep, covered with his wings to keep out the chill.  He’d been woken with a bucket of freezing water.  A demon shoved her face into his.  “Wake up sunshine!” she’d crowed.  “It’s a glorious cold day.  Up!  Up!  Up!”  Each ‘up’ was accompanied by a jab with an old fire poker to the ribs.  Sherlock tried to stand, but she’d hit him, hard in the ribs when he didn’t stand up fast enough.  “Hurry up!” she’d trilled.
“Please,” he finally ground out.
“Sherlock?” he asked, shakily.  Sherlock gave a little nod, then pulled away, reacquainting himself with the flat again.  He stared at the sofa, then sat, slowly, looking up, as if to ask if he was right to do it.  Mycroft sighed.
It isn't very long.
“We’ll figure it out,” she said softly.
“We are going to discuss…how we can help him,” he said.  “Physically…well, he seemed okay, as was possible.  There were mentions of bone breaks and…well.  Of impaling,” he shivered, “but there were no signs of that when we…when we found him.  I haven’t….gotten to the mental bits yet.”  He dreaded getting to the parts where Moriarty started to play with Sherlock’s mind.
“The human body we take to be able to walk around among humans,” explained Mycroft.
It was a day out.  They hadn’t had one of those….in a long time.  John hadn’t had once since even before Sherlock was found, and certainly not after.  But Sherlock had wanted to go out for some time, and Mycroft had deemed him well enough, and they found themselves in the nearby park.  Sherlock had almost immediately relieved himself of shoes and socks and started wandering about the grass.  It was a little concerning to John, that someone might recognize him.  But he didn’t really look the same.  He was subdued, in a way he’d never been before.  He didn’t have the coat anymore, and certainly not the hat.  John watched him carefully, as he wandered around the park.
Sherlock leaned against John and clutched at his shirt, closing his eyes.  He could feel the warmth, the concern, the love, rolling off of John.  He could feel how much John believed what he was saying.  Not broken, not shattered.  Just a bit cracked.  And he was getting better.
.  Bet you don’t like them.”  Sherlock managed to stand, tried to lunge for Moriarty, but the blades stopped him.  They were far enough apart from each other that he couldn’t even pull them out of the wall.  He didn’t try to lunge again, though he stood, watching the Fallen angel through furious eyes.  “Not uncomfortable, are we Sherlock?” he sneered.  “We’re just getting started.”
“What the hell was that?” he demanded.
It took him most of the night, but John realized that Sherlock had been trying to let John know that it was
“I thought we weren’t going to talk about this,” protested Sally.
“Are we going to discuss…” began John, only to be interrupted by Mycroft.
The warehouse was decrepit.  Sherlock hadn’t even known it existed.  On the outskirts of the city, near the Thames, the abandoned building was well removed from everything.   “And don’t think screaming will help you.  I’ve warded the place.  Even your true voice won’t alert the humans, should any happen by.”  He shoved Sherlock into the warehouse.  There was a twinge inside him, a dull thumping and a pain in his chest.  Moriarty was grinning at him.  He said a few words, too low and fast for Sherlock to hear them, and suddenly, the pain was intense.  He fell to his knees, gasping.  It hurt.  Sherlock was a bit too stunned to even really feel the pain at first.  “Isn’t that something?” gloated Moriarty.  “I’ve learned things.  Very interesting things, when I fell.  I’ve just muted your grace,” he laughed.  “You will feel
He eventually passed out from sheer exhaustion.  And, he finally managed to dream. John was there.  Dreamwalking.  In the minutes he’d managed to catch of sleep here and there the past….however long it had been, he’d tried to do this, and it had never worked.  It took him a moment, but he realized it wasn’t a dream.  He’d managed it. He was in the flat, wearing his coat, firmly buttoned to his neck.  “Oh,” he said.  “I wasn’t expecting this.”  He looked at John, who looked a little stunned to see him.  Definitely Dreamwalking then.  Not just a dream.  Thank….well, whomever was listening.  Father, maybe.   “I suppose we must be asleep at the same time. I’ve been trying to do this for ages you know.”  Since he realized he could dream.
“Not…false….so many false John’s….”
He tilted his head slightly.  "It wasn't all the way dead.  I…" he struggled for the right english word, and not finding it, substituted.  "Helped it."
Footsteps and then Mycroft was there and how strange was that?  Was he joining in now?  Where was…Sherlock couldn't breathe.  He was disoriented and frightened.  Mycroft was saying something to him, hands on Sherlock's bony shoulders.  And then Mycrofts' face blurred and morphed into blackness again.
________________________________________________________________________
Mycroft worried about Sherlock’s mind.  It had always been excellent, clear, and focused.  It had made him an excellent strategist when part of the Host.  His plans, though often unconventional, had the highest success rate.  That is to say, the fewest deaths in a given situation.  He was extraordinarily good at separating himself from the problem, looking at it from different angles, in seeing all possible paths something could take.
Baker Street was…much, much better than Mycrofts home.  It actually felt like someplace he wanted to be.  It felt like someplace that
.  That it wasn’t some false hallucination or someone simply pretending.  That he was offering John the chance to prove it to himself, like Sherlock did for John every time.  He felt a little bad now, for not mapping Sherlock’s face, as Sherlock had done to him.  John didn’t need to, he knew Sherlock was real, but Sherlock…John didn’t think he understood that.
“D’ya ever talk, ‘cept in one word?” he demanded.  Sherlock didn’t know what to say to that, so he said nothing, just tilted his head and started at the boy, before turning his attention back to the ball again.  He knew this.  Something to do with a body part.  “S’gross ya know,” said the boy, and Sherlock assumed he was back on the topic of the water.  Humans jumped tracks so quickly.  “My mum says that even the fish in this pond die.”  Sherlock frowned.  That didn’t sound good at all.  And he knew from his taste of the water that it was definitely bad.  He heard John stand, start walking over.  He had about a minute before he arrived.  So he had to work fast.  He turned and crouched.  John was running now.  Sherlock placed his whole hand in the pond, and just as John yelled for him to stop, the pond cleared, no sign of green gunk anywhere.  There were even a few fish.  Sherlock had transported them from a nearby pet store, which was probably bad, but the fish preferred not to be in glass boxes anyway.
The lack of control he seemed to have over his grace concerned Mycroft.  He ended up warding his house completely, so that Sherlock couldn’t fly away, simply by accident.  It meant that he couldn’t leave either, at least not easily, but it was a small price to pay, he thought.
"You know what's gonna happen next," she whispered.  "He's gonna crack those ribs wiiiiiiiiiiide open.  And play with your insides."  Sherlock whimpered.  The demons looked at each other with obvious pleasure.  And then Sherlock was screaming again as his ribs were cracked open and pushed wide.  He wasn't screaming for long, as blackness overtook him.
“Angels?” asked Lestrade, hollowly.
“No.  No, Sherlock, I am real.  You are safe.”
His wings would be unpinned for brief periods of time, enough to get some feeling back into them, back into his body before Moriarty came and had target practice with them again.  It was less target practice really, and more him entering the room, gleefully, and saying, “Come on Sherlock, stand up, wings up and out.”  If Sherlock was too slow, or if he refused, or asked a question, Moriarty would sigh.  “I really thought you’d hold out longer.  I think I might send one of my little pets for yours now,” and Sherlock would stand, glaring.  And then, before he could even see it, two knives would be hilt deep in his wings, and he’d be pinned to the wall again.  Sometimes, he couldn’t even crouch, depending on where they landed.  He’d stay standing for hours.  Once, for two days, he couldn’t move.  His legs had been positively shaking, though they had long since gone numb.  Still, he had endured worse.  It had been a long time ago, to be sure, but he had endured worse.   He was sure of it.
The second dream had come six months after that.  He’d been in the flat again, when Sherlock’s disapproving tones pierced his thoughts.  “Really?  The flat again? This is the first place he’ll look.”  John’s head had snapped up, and Sherlock was sitting in his chair, looking distinctly more disheveled than the last time.  He was tired, and he moved gingerly.  He still wore the coat, as though he didn’t know it was August.  Then of course, John remembered it was a dream.  That it didn’t matter what season it was, because Sherlock wasn’t there.  Still, it felt like he was.  John felt questions bubbling up, past his lips.
John had been reading journals for nearly two months.   He felt sick.  He suddenly felt violently ill, and in fact, barely made it to the bathroom at all.
“Get up,” said Moriarty as John.  Sherlock didn’t move.  “I said; Get.
Sherlock’s body was a mess of bruises and welts.  Finally,
sorry.”
He cursed his weakness, because he was still contained to this human form.  He was still weak, needed to eat and sleep to kep breathing.  He needed to breathe which was annoying too.  He was so much more human than he'd ever been and he hated it.   He remembered before, when he'd been brought cases to solve.  He'd liked that.  He rather thought he'd like to try again, though lately, focus was not something he was very good at.  His mind skipped tracks like a broken record, hopping from one to the next in the middle of a thought, only to shift back to the first several days, or even weeks later, as if he'd never stopped thinking about it.  It was part of what made talking frustrating.  He'd start sentences and forget to finish them for hours, filling the interim time with new thoughts, new ideas.  It was easier not to talk at all.  He had to get his mind under control.  He had to make it his own again.
could be done, then James could eventually depose Lucifer.
“Can we go home now?” John asked him.  Sherlock tilted his head to the side, and shuffled his wings.  John managed to catch hold of him before the two of them were swept from the morgue and back at Baker Street.  John felt a little ill, as he always seemed to after angelic transportation.  “You gonna tell me what upset you this morning?”  Sherlock hesitated, then slowly brought his forehead to Johns.  He was already shaking.
But...this is the end of this particular segment.  Let me know what you think!
,” Mycroft’s voice was commanding.  Sherlock looked over at him.  “It. Is. John,” said Mycroft, slowly, enunciating each word.  “It is not a trick.  Not an illusion.  And he isn’t going to hurt you.”
One day, it was summer, it must be summer considering the fact that the warehouse had turned into a furnace, though he still woke freezing on the nights he managed to sleep at all. The metal bars on the cage burned to touch, and the usually cool floor was warm.  They clapped new chains on him, ones to burn the skin, not freeze it.  His wings were still bound a lot of the time, still twinged and burned painfully.  The demons set fire to them once.  Held a burning stick to each wing, letting it burn under the netting until the lack of oxygen put out the fire.  He’d screamed.
This one seemed more real than the others.  John kept begging him to talk.   He wouldn’t.  Not again.  Not to the dream John.  Sherlock merely stared at him.  It took him a long time, to realize that this ... this time it  was real.  Not a wraith dream.  Still.  He didn’t speak.  John asked him questions, he begged him to say if he was alright.  Sherlock just stared at him for a while, then buried his head in his arms.  No monster dragged him back that day.  He opened his eyes to the fire hose crushing him with boiling hot water.
“What?” John had asked.
John stood.  “Could I…could I see him?”  Mycroft shook his head.
shattered?” she asked hopefully.  John glanced up at Sherlock who was inspecting an electric saw, used for cutting open the chest cavity, and turned it on by accident.  He dropped it, leaping backward, a vaguely panicked look on his face.  Molly winced as the blade broke when it hit the floor.  Sherlock caught the look on her face and immediately his face changed, from fearful, to guilty.  He picked up the saw, and set it back on the table.  The blade was perfect.  He stood away from the table.
“Tell him to look for muscle or organ damage that may have been caused by James impaling him.” She ran a hand through her hair.  “And maybe bone damage?  I don’t know.  He might just need a new vessel entirely.”  Isda looked uncomfortable.
Like I said, if people want more stories in the universe, I will write some.  I am not married to it either, and if people are inspired...that's wonderful.  I would like to be linked, obviously, if people use this story as an inspiration or what have you, but...mostly, I wouldn't mind seeing more stories of this type at all.  I love the Sherlock!Angel idea.  I don't see enough of it.  And I love Sherlock!Whump.
I am not great at writing sex, so, sorry for it.
Sorry it took so long to get up too.  But I don't have as much time right now, so updates will be scattered.
John felt dead inside.  “What…Mycroft, what…?” he couldn’t complete a sentence.  A brandy was shoved into his hand, and he was drinking it.
I suppose…he thought that if Sherlock had followed through on their plans, if he had stayed fighting with James…he wouldn’t have Fallen.    Or at least, they’d have Fallen together.  As it was, James lost.  He Fell.  Sherlock and I….did not.  The other archangels…found out that it had been Sherlock that convinced me to fight for them, that I hadn’t really done it for Heaven, I had more…done it for him.  They were…displeased with me.  Sherlock….nothing really happened to him.  He figured it out, he tried to get others go come back to fight for the Host….his near treachery could be overlooked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft didn't go home for nearly three days after that, until Sherlock all but kicked him out the window.  What he actually did, was banish Mycroft outside the flat, and refused to let the protections down to let him back in again, and eventually Mycroft had texted John, told him to keep Sherlock out of trouble and to call him if there was more incidents, and gone home.  Sherlock was extremely pleased with himself for the rest of the day.
If there is something you guys would like to see, please let me know.  I have some interactions, some...incidents planned that may or may not make an appearance in the story.  So, if there is something or someone you'd like to see Sherlock interact with, please comment.
Sherlock didn’t smile, but Lestrade thought maybe he saw a spark of amusement flick through his eyes.  He made his way back to the bed, and sat.  “That’s good, yeah?” asked Lestrade.  Sherlock had started studying the duvet intently.  John nodded.
"Hand them over dear," he said, and she complied, before leaning down to Sherlock's ear.
“You’ll want to be careful about what you say, Sherlock dear,” he whispered, silkily.  Sherlock spat on him.
so much as simply miserable.  He was always cold, and October was slowly sliding into November.  He’d been fed three times.  An apple, the first time.  And some sort of tasteless muck the next two.
Sherlock sat on an empty table, eyes fixed on the door.  The morgue was nice.  He had never once been here in the hallucinations.  He was a little confused as to how he’d actually gotten here, but he was getting used to flying again.  That was nice.  Molly came through the door, and gave a startled scream to see him, sitting cross-legged on the table.  There was a crash as she dropped her tray of instruments.
“John.
“I want to stop but…I have to know what happened you know?  What he went through…how can we understand the recovery if we don’t understand what happened yeah?”
“Brain tumor.”  John froze.
The experiments were on hold though.  John had come in once to see Sherlock staring in horror at a finger scalpel in hand, a cut made in the finger pad.  No blood.  So it had been from a corpse then, one already embalmed.  But Sherlock had looked sick.  John gently removed the scalpel from his hand, disposed of the finger and led Sherlock over to the couch, where he'd held him close as the angel shook for several long minutes.  Once he came back to himself, Sherlock professed to be angry at John; railed at him for getting rid of the finger.  But he was relieved, and John could tell.  It took the sting out of the tirade.
“You don’t hurt him,” he hissed. “You
“Don’t ask questions,” said Sherlock tightly.  “He’ll know.  Just…talk to me.  Tell me….what has been happening?”  So… John started to talk.  About work, about Molly and Lestrade and Mrs Hudson, about looking for Sherlock. Sherlock stared at John intently, never blinking.
This John didn’t move.  Just closed his eyes.  Sherlock glanced at Mycroft again, who nodded.  He raised his other hand, brought it to John’s face as well.  He began mapping it, thumbs brushing against cheekbones, his nose and above his eyebrows.  He traced fingers down John’s lips, his chin.  John let him map his features, let him learn the feel of them.  It was different.  Different than False John.  This was…he huffed out a breath.  This was real.  He was….he glanced at Mycroft again, grounding himself.  It was real.  This John was real.
“I had this made for you today. I’ve just transfigured the original pair into your jacket. Now you can do this.”
John felt strangely comfortable bossing around the handsome man. He felt reminded of another man, who also seemed to be in charge all the time, but was bossed around by John, sometimes. I felt strangely hollow, like a space in his chest that couldn’t be filled by anything else.
"Moriarty's dead, John. But one of us, either Victor or Alissa, probably Victor, messed something up. Someone is alive who shouldn't be, someone that I think was the second most dangerous man in the muggle world and the most dangerous in the magical one right now."
“I need to go visit my baby at the hospital.”
“Interesting thing, a tuxedo. Lends distinction to friends, and anonymity to waiters.”
He never knew what his brother saw in associating with vampires, after all this time and all of John’s warnings he was still friends with the likes of Raphael Santiago, the current head of the New York vampire nest, guarding the post for his brother’s ex-lover, that treacherous leach known as Camille Belcourt.
"Yes, she said it was love at first sight. Mycroft visited in France in summer of our sixth year, and she was smitten since. I tried to convince her then it was food poisoning or something else, like a parasitic infection. Mycroft didn't realise it for years, though, and she was beginning to despair he might never notice. It took me rattling his cage a little about him being lonely to make him take in his surroundings better. He is losing his touch, old age, and too much cake, I think."
“I serve no one, John.”
isn’t going to help you always. You don’t have enough practice. Your grandmother must be rolling in her grave.”
Sherlock seemed at a loss for words, apparently wanting to be closer to John, but not knowing how to approach him. Finally, looking like he made up his mind, he crouched in front of him and placed both his hands on John’s knees.
Alissa and Victoria appeared then, clutching the pen, worried look on their faces.
The song ended, and Sherlock and Victoria made their way to where John and Oliver were standing. Victoria was frowning, and Sherlock seemed bored.
"I hope you'll get to see my wand someday, but I assure you'll be surprised."
Alissa stepped out and started chanting with her wand in hand. Her eyes changed, and the usually violet pupil turned into full violet eyes. She looked fully immersed in a type of trance, walking into the room and standing there silent for a few minutes. Harry observed with interest, staying out of the way as she walked around the room. Suddenly she stopped, and her eyes went back to normal.
“What? The sooner we get out of this place, the sooner we get to plan Miff’s dinner party! Tomorrow sounds like a good idea, that way I might get back on set by the end of the week and Irene won’t get my tits on a platter.”
“Do tell me what you have in mind, John. I’m positively bored. This case is not promising and I find your proposal.. intriguing.”
"You know him better than me, but my observations are accurate. Most of the time."
John was starting to despise that witch. Even Irene Adler naked before Sherlock had been less irritating than his friend admitting to him he ran off after a woman and left him talking to an empty grave. Sherlock was staring at John, with a piercing gaze that dawned on comprehension.
Sherlock always thought alone was what protected him. He didn’t realize that didn’t include John Watson. He was tempted, many times, to text his friend. But it wasn’t safe, and he didn’t want John in danger, it didn’t matter that he offered to accompany him before. He couldn’t just risk John Watson. John was what kept him right, even as he had to kill, like he never had to before. He dismantled the network piece by piece, enjoying the puzzle, but mostly, he just wanted to go home. He had seen uglier things, real evil, both lurking in the shadows and in the light this time. Go back home to John, that became his mantra, his only positive thought as he fought through every possible obstacle and destroyed everything Moriarty stood for.
This chapter is two days earlier than promised, but since I have to work on Sunday I thought I'd rather play on the safe side.
“Could you see him, Mummy?”
"I can choose what I plant in here, then?"
"I didn't think you would invite me even if it was a muggle wedding Mycroft, so no worries."
“Call me, okay? And if this is who I think it is, you have nerve showing your face here, young man. He thought you were dead.”
“Yes. I saved you from the fall with magic, Sherlock.”
“Eleven. Instead of going away to school, I was sent here. Then, to the Shadowhunter Academy. It wasn’t all bad. But Mummy and me, we knew this wasn’t the life for you. So when I was of age, and you were about to turn eleven, I struck a deal with the Clave. To spare you
He had patched Sherlock countless times before, and he didn't remember any scars on his back. He must have acquired them when he was away, then. John had only glimpsed Sherlock's chest when he was recovering after Mary shot him. The picture in his mind of Sherlock's flawless pale skin, blemished only by the bullet hole in the front, was replaced with the unknown horrors hiding in his back. What else had Sherlock kept from him from his years away?
John started giggling now.
The car left them of the entrance of the building, where a doorman glanced at Mycroft and the rest of them, but let them in without more comment. He nodded at Mycroft, who lifted his umbrella his way, and Sherlock knew this was not the first time his brother had visited this building. They walked to the lift, and as it opened it revealed DI Michael Dimmock and Anderson. They both went wide eyed at seeing the group in front of them, but neither of them acknowledged anyone but Mycroft and Harry, which they both greeted with a nod.
“Potion or potion ingredients?”
Three wizards in Auror robes apparated on the spot, and they looked nervous that Harry was there. He gestured them inside the house.
Mary scoffed at the last comment, and the look on her face said she wasn't impressed with the direction the evening was taking.
Raphael. I’m staking that tattletale as soon as I get my hands…”
He opened his eyes, and he saw that Harry and Alissa were already searching the cottage. The world was still glowing purple, but he felt better than before, so he let go of Sherlock and started walking through the front door after the aurors. They were already in the kitchen, and John saw an elderly couple holding hands in the sitting room. They followed, the aurors into the now not so empty kitchen, the woman from outside laughing at another man happily in the kitchen.
John thought about his baby daughter, not even a day old and about to become an orphan. He looked at Sherlock, and he realised, if this was dying, at least he was going to die with Sherlock. This time, he won’t be left behind.
John followed her instructions to the letter, and he went to meet his daughter. She was small, and he could see scarce blond hair, so blond it was almost white. Her skin was pale and wrinkled, and John thought she was the most fragile and most beautiful thing in the whole world. The doctor was standing next to him, and told him,
“Does he know how to use them?”
“It’s always the quiet ones.”
And the memories were just that, memories, his parabatai was dead and that empty hole was never filled again. Even when his best friend, the wolf he once saved, tried his best, no one, no one could repair what he had lost. And that was before. Before James, before Riegan, before they left everything else unsaid.
“No, just trying to concentrate. You are making it difficult,
“Yes.”
John raised his voice a little, giving them his best Captain Watson glare. He didn’t expect the response he got from the girl.
“So we know more people?”
“Do you still trust me?”
“Yes, John, anyone could see them. They were right there.”
“Oh! I so wish I could join you both! I want to meet the little thing.”
Alissa shrugged, surely she expected something worse.
But the words didn’t really register with him, and his own mind deleted them before he could answer back.
Sherlock’s eyes were gleaming.
"I thought we had established that before you had us thrown out of the bookstore."
“Well, I didn’t see anything anyway. I don’t want to arrest my Deputy Chief.”
"Don't be such an arse, Sherlock. Mycroft, I'm really alright. We should get any information now to prepare for what is next."
“Currently? She has changed her name?”
“Everything. I won’t settle for less.”
“By the way, I wanted to do something for you, you know, showing my goodwill and waving a white flag?”
"You are right. It doesn't. But she was very knowable in the Dark Arts and kept some valuable artefacts in her collection. It might have been a burglary all along."
“Uncle My, can you tell me a story? A Shadowhunter story!”
"Didn't know, do keep up, John. I thought he was dead. He most definitely knows now. He was taunting me, you see. That Moriarty you and all Britain saw on the screen? Sebastian Moran on Polyjuice Potion. I'm adept at identifying telltale signs. And his Moriarty was all wrong. You see, Sebastian was in love with Jim. And, well, let's say love is a powerful motivator in a criminal mind. He hates me, John, deeply, maybe as much as he loved Jim. He told Victor all things he would do to me when he was duelling him. It seems he thought I had captured Jim's attention in more than a murderous obsession."
“Have you ever tried it?”
"You can both look at the paper now."
If John didn't know any better, he might think there was a little jealousy in that last statement.
There were two black doors, and Hermione took the one on the left.
They entered the room, and John was thrilled to see that the feeding tube was also off. Aside from the halo and the pulse ox monitor, his baby was wire free. One of the nurses approached them.
“Not needed, thanks.”
"Yes, that seems correct, but I guess I don't have to remind you that it is frowned upon the wizarding community to break muggle laws as well."
“Vanity.”
“You wouldn’t. That’s swamp mayhaw, and the core is the hair of a rougarou.”
The detective was still in full charm mode as he said,
“Inspector, I'd rather be anywhere but here. I have to tell you to pull your team back. You can talk with Detective Chief Inspector Lestrade, he is taking care of this one.”
“But first, there’s someone else I want to introduce to you too.”
"Sherlock Holmes, this is my husband, Rolf Scamander."
“Of course I don’t, nobody knows him and nobody really likes him either. But he is useful now and then. It’s been more than a century since he came here to London. So I don’t know him, but if he comes to rein in his progeny, fine by me.”
Victor nodded, and they group arranged their positions again. Victor kept watching the hole in the wall, before coming to a full stop and removing the wall. It opened to a circular room with multiple doors. Sherlock smirked at Alissa, and she raised one eyebrow at him.
"Wizard, living among muggles, been away from the magical world for a long time now. Probably a traumatic event, suggesting by your reaction when entering this pub. Robes are old, and they don't fit like they used to. Muggleborn, going by the fact that you adapted and thrived in the muggle world, even becoming a doctor and a captain in the army. You never wanted to come back, never regretted leaving until something recent caused you to worry. You were reading a book when I saw you,
“Yes, dear Magnus, I see that you are up to date with all your gossip. And not any fairy, I must add, Riegan.”
Sorry, late update again! Thanks to everyone who is still reading and just to tell you guys the outline for the last chapters is already done, so three chapters more to go! (I won't update the count until they are done, though).
Sherlock could see the intricate tattoos they had on their arms. Clearly they were still very young, probably around Mycroft’s age or maybe even younger. But they had tattoos on them like they had a life of service in an army of some sorts.
“She likes your voice, so she takes after me.”
Simon Lovelace and Clarissa Fray
John thought about checking on Victor first, but he didn’t feel like explaining himself to Roman. Visiting his brother-in-law, then. They reached the third floor and walked into the
"Yes. Well, this time is twins."
“Alissa said she managed to touch him. She will be getting a vision of him soon, and we’ll have a second chance at catching him alive.”
“Oh, this old thing. This is my grandfather’s TARDIS. Time and relative dimension in space. Quite fancy, you know. I’m so sorry, but we need your help. Both of you. So if you and your husband would be so kind as to join us, we are quite desperate.”
“Sherlock, have you ever seen things that no one else could see?”
"Related to the case? Did she saw anything else?"
He showed Harry the container, and the man opened his mouth, before closing it again.
“I know, but the crime scene we saw today was clearly a Shadow World affair. And he had his paws all over that too. A Shadowhunter was dead, Sherlock, I saw the body and if I’m not mistaken the other body belonged to a Seelie Knight. Which means there’s a big shitload of things going on, because the Shadowhunters are not happy with the fairfolk right now. This could mean war. And I was just starting to get comfortable again.”
Victor was waiting for them near the front desk, in a different set of robes, sipping his blood-coloured potion from a colourful goblet. A few female healers were fussing around him, asking him if he was alright and whether he wanted anything else.
“We?”
“Why?”
Harry gave Sherlock a surprised look, and Alissa glared at him.
John Watson was very special, thank you very much. He was immortal, for one thing. He also happened to be a warlock. And not just any warlock. He happened to be the living spawn of one of the greater demons, one of the princes of hell. There were only three of them, his twin sister, Harriet, as she chose to be called now, and his little brother. He thanked the heavens his father didn’t often mate with humans, because the three of them were pieces of work. John had lived many years, lounged under countless skies, and frankly, he was really fed up with all of it. Nothing excited him anymore. Nothing except war, that is. John Watson put the war in warlock, as his brother once told him. He had fought along with the humans in many wars, dating back since the Crusades, when he was young still and had all the fight left in him. He even went to America as a redcoat to fight against the rebels, for King and Country. He fought World War I, World War II (he hated the Nazis), and he was wounded many times. But he was difficult to kill, and his magic kept getting stronger as he kept getting older. He had fought all over Europe, joined many different armies, but England was his home, so he kept being drawn back over and over to London. After a difficult time in the 14 and 1500s he kept away from Transylvania, where he had a close call with the original Vampire nest. He hid his warlock mark with glamours, and when contact lenses were invented and commercialized in the 1970s, he didn’t even bother with them anymore, preferring the lenses that could really hide him from those who could see through glamours. It was simple and practical, and no one could say John Watson was not a practical man.
“The vampire hunter? You mentioned Dracula before. But if I remember the name was Abraham, no?”
“Yes, he is. Even if he would tell you something different. And not only that, he is a good friend of my parents. I can’t imagine what my mum will say if I tell her I somehow managed to misplace the Doctor.”
“Come on, Uncle Sherlock, you know you are happy to see me.”
“Well, they are not married now, but they live together and probably will have married each other anyway. I just hope we haven’t done any damage that can rip the fabric of time. I’m going to be in so much trouble.”
"On his head be it, I don't want to know what Alissa will say when she finds out. Victor, I meant it, we'll leave you behind if you take too long."
He grabbed the man in a big, arm crushing hug.
"The one on your chest?"
“What’s wrong sweetie?”
“If you don’t tell me, I can wait. I always have a backup plan. You and your baby can be instrumental if I can’t find the book.”
Victor smirked, and he touched his robes once more. They changed into a muggle lab coat, cyan, and he was now wearing a bow tie.
"I did."
“There is no way I can convince you to avoid this party?”
The man just seemed to realise there was someone other than Sherlock in the room. He turned to look at John and Alissa, and then looked at Mycroft with a look of utter betrayal on his face.
He gave Sherlock the address, talking about some wine or other, and Sherlock prepared himself to see his John again.
"You were friends with Loony Lovegood?"
“It depends. Can you change back to Victor?”
She grabbed her daughter in law and locked her arm in hers, fussing about her well-being. The whole party walked into the dining room, where brunch was waiting for them.
“He looks ancient. I can’t be seen wandering around with an old man.”
Magnus laughed again.
“Trevor modification! Expensive for everyday clothing, but really, it’s worth the galleons. So you are back? I didn’t know your partner was a wizard, but surely his family members are important, at least his brother is, as I tried to remind my wife when she was threatening to use magical bindings to bring me back to bed. Listen, if you want to come back to St. Mungo’s, you would be more than welcome here. Some of this young chaps rely too much on book knowledge. We need a man with instinct, and no doubt your experiences in the muggle world would make you ten times better than the healer you were before.”
Sanguis ex sanguine meo. Blood of my blood.
“If you must know, yes. All the time.”
He went on his knees, which was as far as he could go up without collapsing. John continued to manically mutter healing spells against cuts that continued to open as soon as Victor started the familiar movements. The wall in front of them changed again, and John could see sunlight, different from the eerie light that reigned in the tunnel. As soon as outside was visible, John pointed his wand outside and yelled “Accio Alissa!”, and in those few seconds, all of Victor’s wounds opened again, and he cursed as the woman in question flew gracefully into the cave as the door closed behind her. He resumed the spells, frantically trying to close Victor’s bleeders.
Alissa, now standing next to John.
"The longest ever. I'll be going to bed. You are not sleeping, aren't you?"
Hermione looked furious, and Sherlock took advantage of the cold silence to speak.
Sherlock snorted in his seat. Harry looked at him, surprise in her eyes.
"If you don't mind, I'd rather stay here tonight."
After that, Mary seemed to relax somewhat. John knew he was committing to something that will end life as he knew it. But he was willing to do whatever it took for his daughter, and his daughter's safety and well being will depend on having her mother by her side. A happy mother. A happy mother and father. Well, a happy mother.
“Can I come with?”
“Since I didn’t charm it myself, I think it would be difficult to prosecute me.”
“Don’t even think about that.”
"We still need the information on those books to proceed, Tum Tum."
Mycroft was a fearsome thing to behold when John thought he was a muggle, and now that he knew he is such a talented wizard, well, his respect for the man increased a lot. He wasn't going to tell Sherlock that. And even now, he knew he would stand up to Mycroft if it meant helping Sherlock.
Mycroft cleared his throat and opened the door. The rest just followed him out of the room. Alissa just had a vision, and she almost collapsed into Harry’s arms. Mycroft walked to his wife, concerned look on his face, before she opened her eyes, fear eclipsing her beautiful features.
They passed a few of the aurors, who waved at them as they made their way into the crowded space. Alissa was waiting for them in her office, and Victor was playing with a portable device, which one, John didn’t really want to know.
“Yes, I’m afraid he chose to regenerate into a rather charming body. A body who mirrors exactly the appearance of my currently deceased mother.”
“This 'doctor', is he a friend of yours?”
They were giving him a well needed shave and he was bickering with his brother as usual, already well dressed, when he decided to ask.
“So from now on, you’ll team with John.”
“I changed my mind darling; I call dibs on John going with you. Could you join us with Mac for a moment?”
"As I get older each day, I can see that I've been wrong most of my life. The last time I saw these memories I was 19 years old, John. I had Alissa obliviate me after a couple of days, but while I had the memories, that was the first time I overdosed. So, this time, I don't want to brood on them for much longer. I understand why Mycroft did what he did. John, please, obliviate the name for me. I need you to erase the full name I gave you and the mention of Ford in Mycroft's office today."
Alissa started her healing spells on the arms as John removed Victor’s jeans to reveal green boxer briefs with the word Go! in white letters on the front, the exclamation mark just over the outline of Victor’s crotch. John snickered at the unwholesome sight, before concentrating on a nasty wound a little too close to the femoral artery. Both his legs were filled with cuts, and John wondered how the man still remained conscious. Probably his cells were working magic again, transfiguring themselves into more blood as he kept losing it. They managed to close the wounds, just before Victor decided to kneel again.
Victoria appeared through the door. She seemed hesitant, like waiting for further permission. She stayed in the doorway rather than walking in; no doubt thinking interruption would not be acceptable.
“Johann, don’t. Please don’t.”
“I don’t anticipate I will bother you again tonight, thank you.”
“Jack, you lucky bastard! You got everything you could possibly want in one person. Go figure.”
“Not yet. I want to ask Oliver to be the godfather, but I’ll run it by Sherlock first.”
“No, not anymore. My mother would have me at The Burrow too, she gave me a piece of her mind this morning, but this one is too important. So I evaded her coddling, at least for today.”
The server came with John’s coffee and his Chai, almost melting when Victor threw his angelic smile at her. Victor chattered non stop about his work, and Sherlock, and his study of transfiguration, and Sherlock, his bond with Alissa’s family, and Sherlock, and his mother, and Sherlock, and Mrs Hudson, and Sherlock. John was starting to feel dizzy. The man was a chatterbox, and he didn’t seem to mind if John was paying him attention or not. He grabbed the bill before John could move to reach it, and gave the waiter an obscene tip. She almost bowed as she escorted them out of the cafe.
The mustache he was starting to grow was still light, then. Magnus held a mirror to his face, and John exactly how right he was. He was starting to look early thirties. He panicked and started pleading with Magnus, when his brother raised his hand to him.
"Tum, shut up for a minute, we are busy. Only my wand would work on you, dearest sister, and you know it. Can you still?"
Sherlock paled and looked back at his friend.
“Yes, and after Victor too. Olivia Victoria Watson-Holmes.”
Sherlock was pulling himself into a spiral of oblivion. Once, he thought he heard Mycroft say to him, as he laid barely conscious, strapped to a hospital bed, IV dripping into his arms.
“Yes, but I’m only going if you want me there, to be with you. You know I don’t like family gatherings, and I’ve already promised Victor dinner. Two meals with my whole family? A bit not good, John.”
“You fought against the original Circle.”
John and Victor make a deal. Sherlock gets one of his birthday presents and the confrontation with Moran starts.
“John, are you sure? I’ll make a phone call and I’ll...”
“Trevor, can you change now?”
Mycroft laughed, really laughed and Sherlock looked at his brother with surprise.
“Darkness, more cave, but not sure what could be next, after that wall.”
“I guess they are; you could say that. Unlucky, complicated wands, with unlucky, complicated owners. We of all people should know!”
Mycroft entered the room as John exited.
She extended her hand and received the pen. Victor jumped, touched his wand lazily to his robes and they changed to a beautiful yellow sundress, just as he morphed into Victoria Vertro. Her hair was perfectly styled, long, thick curls falling over her shoulders, the colour of sunshine, which matched her hair perfectly. With another touch to her shoes, they changed into a pair of yellow heels. As she touched the pen, the thing starts to glow. Soon enough, Percy, Sherlock, and John are alone in Alissa’s office.
“Yes, but not while I’m showering Sherlock.”
“Make the shield smaller John! Give the man room to act! Victor, you know what to do!”
Ianto opened the door, a little tense, but soon his shoulders relaxed.
"A year?"
Roman cleared his throat then, and John took advantage of it to get around the bed. He leaned next to Sherlock, kissing the man on the cheek as he whispered in his ear so that only he could hear,
He touched his robes again, which became longer, and only one of his eyes changed to an eerie green as he towered Sherlock in height, the detective as tall as his nose now. His voice, a cheery tenor, same cadence as the woman John just heard speaking a moment ago, only with more masculine tone and embedded with mischief.
Luke cleared his throat, and they started talking about the possibility of battle instead. They agreed to wait for the Clave’s decision. Luke was supposed to be back to the Accords Hall. The Shadowhunters agreed, and some kind of marking was supposed to take place, a marking with the angelic runes that were exclusive to Shadowhunters until this day. John laughed to himself. He never thought he would see the day when he would be paired with a Shadowhunter. As he walked into the Hall he remembered the day the first Accords were signed. They called on Magnus instead of him or Ragnor. He was always a little bit of a recluse, but Ragnor was offended. He remembered his indignation, and felt a tug at his heart. He wondered where Sherlock was now, and if he even remembered the offering he made before he left. He wouldn’t be able to reach him in Idris, no doubt about that. Oh, the Shadowhunter just kissed Magnus. In front of everyone. So glad his brother was having a good time. They started walking toward him, and John couldn’t help but smile.
“Now we wait.”
"Sherlock Holmes, what did I say? Sorry, Ollie, Sherlock had a run in with Clara now."
"Sorry, old habits. Luna was funny growing up. I helped her find some of her missing things that year when the term ended. People were often mean to her, but in her final years at Hogwarts, I heard she was thrilled of being there. She is a magizoologist now, married to some Scamander bloke, a Hufflepuff. You never tried to contact her when you came back to England?"
John was shocked to hear that his friend had been so close, so near from him at that time. He tried to remember every sorting from all his years at Hogwarts, and he couldn't remember a boy who looked even remotely like Sherlock.
“Do you believe me know?”
“You think you stored the conversation with Mycroft there too?”
"Our daughter? Our daughter can be born like this?"
"In fact, all of you here look at it."
Delivered in his best Captain Watson tone, and Sherlock stopped arguing. He opened the door of the room and left, probably to fetch the new dress robes Victor had bought for his birthday. John decided against a shower and decided that Victor’s scarlet robes were the best ones he had, so he was about to put them on when Sherlock came back with a set of dark blue robes on his hands.
. Love is complex. You could love me as a brother; you could love me as your best friend, you could even have romantic feelings for me and not be sexually attracted to my body. It is a valid question. You enjoy sex, a lot if I remember correctly. In the years we lived together, you never once attempted to be physically intimate with me. When someone implied we were a couple, you always adamantly declared that you were not gay. So, since I’ve proved now that you are attracted to some men at least…”
“Hello, Dr Watson.”
Sherlock was back after a few more minutes, without Harry.
“You look younger.”
He extended his hand and Sherlock shook it awkwardly.
“And I’d love to do it too,
He was with the
“See? Useful.”
"But you expect me to hide without you? Just to sit quietly and hide somewhere while my husband risks his life somewhere?"
At those words, Mary clutched her belly in a possessive manner and glared at John.
He stepped out of the Police Box and soon Bill was following him out. John saw, and really couldn’t believe where he was standing. In a middle of a desert, a kind of makeshift tent was settled. In there, and sadly not for the first time in his life (honestly, how many times can a man live through stuff like this?), he saw someone who he believed was dead. He walked fast, deciding to confront the vision.
John let go of his wife’s hand reluctantly and strolled out of the room. Gabrielle stayed guarding Mary’s door, as the rest of them moved down the hallways into the lift, no doubt aided by Mycroft’s influence because five people going into a NICU waiting room was a bit too much. There was a window separating the incubators from the general public.
“We are buying the book for me, and you are helping.”
Alissa looked grim.
“Venomous Tentacula.”
“Portkey was changed for El Paso by our dear
“Well, you, maybe. But what about Sherlock? You know you are risking him. If the Shadowhunters find him interesting…”
John knew better than to ask for explanations. Clearly, Sherlock had done something horrible to some poor unsuspecting agents in America.
“Not your home, closer to mine.”
"Right."
“I could say the same to you, you know. Still trying to live the ‘I’m a happy muggle lie’? That year we spent away was one of the worst of my life, you know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll go with you. Do you want to that first?”
“Multiple times.”
"Excuse me", a deep baritone voice said, a sound he would recognise anywhere, which he did not expect to hear there.
, Ianto.”
"Drama queen."
"Yes. It's the only way I know for keeping you both safe."
“Sorry, can’t help it. I’m only conscious out of stubbornness.”
“Explain.”
“What’s on your mind, Sherlock?”
“She told me she was feeling better, and that she wanted some privacy to take a shower and get ready to meet her daughter. I told her I was going to be just out the door, and that she just needed to let me know when she was ready. When I thought she was taking too long, I walked in, and she was gone. I sent my Patronus to Alissa the second I realised her disappearance. Maybe we can find her if somebody took her. My protective charms are powerful, but someone could have cracked them. I’m sorry, John, Alissa. I’ve failed you.”
"My darling Luna, I must apologise, because I sincerely thought you didn't want to know about me. I also waited for an owl from your side."
“Obviously. This is what I want John.”
The moment Harry left, John could see the waiter approaching. His was lost in his own thoughts. High Warlock? Him? He retrieved the coin he always carried around now from his pocket, and started turning it around absentmindedly in his hand. For him, Ragnor Fell would always be the High Warlock of London. The waiter said something to him, with a heavy French accent, and John told him to get a bottle of wine, whatever he chose. Harry still wasn’t back when the waiter came back. He finally raised his eyes from the table, to find Sherlock Holmes, with a fake painted mustache, smiling at him.
Victor was starting to look a little better. Harry was talking in a low voice with Alissa and Gabrielle, who looked worried.
John was taking every word and processing; this was the most he had ever heard about Sherlock's past. He had never mentioned having any friends before him and had never acknowledged being in any romantic relationship ever. The doctor was aching to ask which one of them was the friend and which one the ex and put an end to his question about his friend's sexual orientation, but the man didn't want to interrupt his sudden insight into his friend's past. John was not gay, as he always said, but no one had ever asked him if he was other than straight directly. Even at Hogwarts, he had experimented a bit, with his best friend back then, Oliver Wood. People knew they had something going on back then, even though they were discreet and never took things further than snogging and some awkward petting, it was weird for him, because they were close friends, almost like family, which made the whole thing a terrible idea. But he had never told anything about that to Sherlock either. He guessed he could explain away this lack of sharing between Sherlock and himself because they both thought the other was a muggle. And, no matter how good their friendship was, they had never been something more.
John watched as Sherlock emerged from his Mind Palace shaking. God, he really remembered everything? Surely he had stashed the memory somewhere as a coping mechanism. He really wanted to murder Mycroft Holmes. Why did he keep the Shadow World away from Sherlock? If he had the sight (and he doesn’t doubt it now), why he didn’t explain things to his little brother? Helped him understand and protect him? Both Harry and him were fiercely protective of Magnus when they found him with the Silent Brothers, that obscure branch of Shadowhunters that specialized in knowledge. Later, they had drifted apart a little, mainly because of Ragnor. His brother didn’t approve of John ‘stringing him around’. Harry showed Magnus how to use (and abuse) magic and John showed him how to fight. He preferred fighting with magic, but no one will ever tell John that Magnus Bane wasn’t great with a longsword or any other weapon.
“Fiiiine. Are you always this contrary?”
Victor leapt to his feet and hugged John.
"Sherlock. What was Victor talking about? How did you get those scars?"
Sherlock went to grab Victor’s other side, as John apparated them to the entrance of St. Mungo’s.
“For a vision. I focused my seer powers on him when I touched him. I’ll get something soon enough. In the meantime,” she pulled out the coin John remembered from the pensieve memory and turned it three times.
“You won’t regret it, Tiger. I’m going to be the best godmother on this planet.”
“I’m not sure if we can pay your fees, I know you warlocks never do anything for free.”
“I’m always careful, and I wouldn’t possess the information I have now if I wasn’t friendly with our forgotten brethren.”
“Aren’t you a ray of sunshine today, Victor Trevor.”
“Maybe after all this is over we can have a friendly match at my place? There’s a nice place near Godric’s Hollow where we can play unseen. My kids love it.”
He called his brother, and heard him complain about boundaries, and never dating another Shadowhunter again. He gave them a month before they were back together. If someone didn’t stake Camille soon enough, he would have to take matters in his own hands.
“And you are sure about this too? You just got your wand back.”
“Yes, Sherlock, I wanted you to hear that as well. John isn’t going to be patient with you all his life, you know. And there’s the baby now. You should start acting like an adult.”
“Drink this before you do it.”
"This only helps me to prove the point I was making before Mac, and you know it. It's time we finally settled this."
“So be it. Sherlock will be thrilled, I think. It’s nice, and the baby has the name of both her godparents.”
John swallowed and licked his lips.
“Yes, good of you to remember. He was at the Ministry, not at Hogwarts though, a lesser front, but lethal still.”
The centered bit is the Parabatai oath, which is taken from Cassandra Clare's book, but basically it's taken from the Bible originally. It's the oath Jonathan makes to David in the Bible.
So that was it. As John and Victor were shielding him, his curses couldn’t pass through to Moran. Victor crawled, and reached for Mycroft’s leg, he then went down on his back and started doing the loaning enchantment.
. Maman is taking care of everything. She will see Madame Delglove’s real body delivered to her family.”
It was Sherlock who answered, and John wondered how much Sherlock knew about dark magic.
"Ex-boyfriend, and the other hand, please."
John felt alive again. Sharing the cases with his brilliant flatmate, who impressed him from the very start. He moved in with the madman after one day of meeting him, and his life was never boring after that. They started going on cases, running about London and in more than 200 hundred years John hadn’t felt like this. He started having complicated feelings for his newfound friend since day one. John had killed for him, not hesitating for a second, when he felt the man was in danger. He knew he would kill again if it meant saving Sherlock, as many times as it was necessary.
The mask was already back on, and only John, with all his knowledge of the man before him, could detect the smallest hint of hurt in his tone. Sherlock stopped talking, and John had to prompt him to continue.
“I knew the boy. Is Marisol here too? I thought they were going to spend a year in the Institute in Spain.”
He tried to open the book, but the pages were stuck together. Sherlock worked on it a couple of times, before extending his hand to Victor. Victor looked at Mycroft, who nodded, and he pulled his wand from his robes, handing it to Sherlock.
“It only lets a certain amount of magic to pass. One of us, it seems, was too much.”
"I have a theory but need some more facts. We will know by the end of the night."
“You could only be a wizard. It’s nice to meet you finally.”
"Nice to see you again Hermione. Long time, no see."
“John, disarm me! Mycroft, duck!”
Soon the table was filled with all the ingredients, some of which looked very gruesome to John. After what seemed ages, Sherlock started mixing some of the elements on his cauldron, which he stirred by waving his wand and made some blue flames under it.
John scowled.  “Yes.  It does.”
Mycroft sighed again.  “There was a War,” he said finally.  “A long time ago.  Heaven’s forces were split.  One-third agreed with Lucifer, that humans should be subjugated, that it was wrong that we were meant to bow to your kind, that you should bow to us.  He said…that God was asking us to….love humans more than Him, that this was wrong, that Lucifer, for one, wouldn’t do it.  He…was clever and persuasive.  Really, he wasn’t talking about loving our Father too much, he was talking about doing a better job ruling than Him, that he had a better plan.
Sherlock is back, and both of them start going back to their routine. John is elated, having his friend back and everything is strictly platonic, at least for now.
And both their guests disappeared into the Police Box that was currently parked in the middle of 221B. How did they fit that in here? John guessed that was a question, among others, that their guests must answer. As soon as possible. Sherlock was already entering that damned contraption and he was damned himself if he was letting his, yes, his, detective go alone.
"Too soon to say."
"Not home, Dr Watson."
"No actually not, as you must have noticed when I used your surname."
“I needed to die John, they are going to kill you.”
“Not today, pet. Well, maybe a short one…”
And as John situated himself in Moran’s place and made a rude gesture in Jim's direction, which was waved away, Sherlock decided on something that would probably cause him pain on a later future.
“Well, I’ll see you darlings on the other side. I better go first and make our wall on the other side of this one.”
"Sod off."
“There are ten doors here, and only six of us. Victor and me, we are the tallest here, so we open two doors at the same time. Obviously, you must all realise that we need to open all doors exactly at once, or consequences would be dire if this trap resembles in any kind my brother’s little playground. Do not hesitate in any way, act, leave the thinking to me, we open when I say so. Since I know I’m right; the correct path will visualise in front of one of you, so please, do take a step forward when you see it. That will allow the rest to follow.”
“Ahh, yes, how is Teddy doing these days?”
Update: April 14th 2018, this is my project for WIP month and I've discovered lots of mistakes in the re-read, so the whole thing is going to get minor edits which hopefully will make it easier to read. This was my first ever fanfic, so I'm kind of attached to this one XD.
They walked to a safe spot for apparition, and Victor pulled out his wand. He then touched John’s grey jacket with it, transforming it into a set of brand new wizarding robes, wine coloured with gold trim, that seemed tailored especially for John.
“You can help us plan and strategize here.”
At this Sherlock's eyebrows raised, looking at John surprised. He loved that he could still, after all these years startle the man, even a little.
“Our Father is a filthy muggle, you idiot.”
She laughed, and she looked just like John.
"Obviously. I wouldn't be wandering in wizard clothing, in a magical street and a magical bookstore if I was a muggle. You are one too, and how that fact has seemed to elude my mind for years is one that is bothering me right now. You remember how I despise ignorance."
"I heard that, and you know it's yourself you have to thank for that. Victor invented this spell to aid him when he transforms. It's of no use to be able to transform fast and having to keep the same clothes altogether. Such a brilliant man,
"Mycroft is a Wizard?? Well, I shouldn't be surprised, somehow it fits. He knows about me for sure. Works for the Ministry of Magic? Mmm, Mycroft has the Weasley's hair, I should have noticed."
“No, Mummy and Daddy are just visiting. Sherlock’s birthday was yesterday, same as the baby’s now.”
"The thing is Sherlock; we will go into hiding together or not at all."
“Well, you are the first to notice.”
“John, look out!
Mary was furious, and if he didn't detect a hint of fear in her voice, he might have been worried about his safety.
"I kept this from you because I left that world a long time ago, almost twenty years ago in fact. I've been living as a muggle, working as one, behaving like one, living by your law and rules. I come from a non-magical family Mary, so it wasn't a hard choice to make. Twenty years ago the magical world was in turmoil. Things were not safe as they are now, well safe except for Moran. I was going to tell you if our daughter showed any signs of magic, I was not planning on rejoining the magical world."
“We?”
They both walked to Sherlock, and each of them grabbed one arm. Well, Victor linked his fingers around his left hand, and John grabbed his wand arm just above the elbow. They both repeated the spell, John feeling a little faint as his magic drained into Sherlock as the detective touched his wand to his sister's temple and said, "
"You have your wand; we can get in. Do you have an apparating license? Can you do side along apparition?"
"Who knew you were such a gossip?"
“Why did it close on us?”
She answered, almost reading his mind, and hell, she might be able to do just that.
“I’ll make sure to add that to her file. Can you both sign her birth certificate? You left yesterday before the registrar arrived.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It doesn’t work that way. Vampires can see though glamours.”
"Moriarty knew about the magical world?"
John chuckled at the statement, well, interesting to know she wasn’t dead. No doubt Sherlock was to blame for the unusual pairing. No doubt Mycroft already knew she wasn’t dead or did he?
“That. I don’t see what you get.”
He grabbed his bag and started taking the stairs two at a time. He closed the door, then pulled out the box and the supplies he got at Diagon Alley. Opening the small box revealed pictures. Lots of them. Of him and Sherlock, from press clippings and casual shots around the flat, most of them taken by Mrs Hudson. He opened the cap of the potion vial and poured a drop on one of the pictures. The still came alive, Sherlock with a smug look on his face on a press conference, John looking at him with a smile, then a question from one of the reporters, and both of them laughing. He took another picture, this one of him sitting on his chair while Sherlock played the violin and placed the second drop. Sherlock started moving, his bow going up and down, and you could see where John dropped the newspaper he was reading and started listening. He changed all of the pictures into magical portraits, many of them showed them laughing, some of them just depicted random domestic bliss. Because it was bliss, while it lasted. He grabbed an empty diary he bought and started placing the pictures in it, just by touching them with his wand, transforming the journal into a scrapbook. It was almost full soon enough, and he wondered if that was enough time elapsed for those two to stop jumping at each other’s throats. He considered just staying upstairs, but he was not one to hide from conflict. With a sigh at his finished endeavour, he closed the book and placed it back in his travel bag, heading downstairs. He stopped midway as he heard their voices.
“You kissed Victor. That hardly counts. Even plants and inanimate objects are attracted to Victor. Your very straight friend almost proposed this morning.”
John emptied his glass at the compliment and signalled for a refill, his glass magically filling itself as he tapped it with his wand.
Magnus sighed, his face pained with memories, before he addressed his brother again.
Sherlock actually gaped. John looked at least ten years younger. He looked younger than Sherlock now, early thirties or late twenties. John looked possibly delicious and Sherlock just wanted to kick everyone out of the flat and have his way with his part demonic flatmate. Who would’ve guessed he had a thing for blond and hot twenty going on thirty somethings? Well, he definitely had a thing for hot short blond warlocks, apparently.
“Trust us, Dr. Watson, if you would kindly step in….”
The ride to Greg’s flat was quiet, with Sherlock and Mycroft communicating silently with each other in that annoying way that only siblings could, while John pointedly ignored his own siblings and Magnus hummed some song no one had ever heard before. It had the word ‘butt’ in it a couple of times.
"You tend to do that John, and it's not a healthy habit. For relationships. And family."
“You know how to reach me.”
“Is that…”
"Rowan wands, never wielded by dark wizards, wands for protection and protection spells. The ideal wand for you John. With a powerful core, much like the man who uses it."
You stay here.”
“Master Gideon is in the study. Follow me.”
And Sherlock nodded her way. She disapparated with Mary, bowing once to Alissa on her way out. Creevey did the same just seconds after.
She signalled her extended family, son and daughter emerging from the first car. Sherlock was standing awkwardly in the background, as Victoria grabbed his arm and placed him in front of his mother. She pulled the tall man down and gave him a peck on the cheek.
"This is not a muggle assassin John. Moran is a dark wizard, mighty and unfortunately made insane by grief."
Sherlock’s voice was low, but his gaze was calculating. John had not heard his mobile, or Sherlock’s, but he could see as the man beckoned him to the sofa.
,” he said softly.
"I can't believe you are having such frivolous thoughts at the moment. After all this time, you are still looking for any excuse to indulge, always with the worst timing."
This time it was John who spoke up.
"How did you find Harry's memory, little brother?"
They moved the curtain, entering the building. Not even a hint of light. John light the tip of his wand, and the other two walked behind him. The smell of dried blood embedded in John’s nostrils. The building was cold, not as frozen as an icebox, but chilled enough to make them feel underdressed. Quietly they reached an open space, hidden from sight by multiple metal containers. In the darkness, John could see a figure suspended from one of the meat hooks, feet barely touching the ground, and a man standing before her, with a magic wand in his hand. Sherlock motioned for the two men to stay quiet as he pulled out his wand and sent a silent fox away. Victor looked furious, and they moved close enough to listen, he seemed possessed by manic energy and rage. John grabbed the man’s arm, locking eyes with him. His green eye was orange, and John tried to convey how much they needed him to remain calm at the moment.
“Magic.”
"I'm glad Elle's veela charm worked on Mary. I was worried because it not always works on women."
John laughed as he imagined the flamboyant and chatty Victor Trevor babysitting his little girl, changing nappies and such, or the flirty and bubbly Victoria Vertro teaching her tricks. Better not think about that.
“Where is everybody?”
“Yes, Sherry took the other one.”
Alissa's pregnant belly was showing, and you could see she was trying to be reassuring.
She pouted and touched her dress with her wand, which changed into plum wizarding robes. Then she transformed herself into the gorgeous man John remembered from the wedding picture, almost nose to nose in height with Sherlock, with the same blue eyes and the same pout.
"It's all good; we are back on terms of endearment for you both now. Victor will be glad to hear from you. Let me know when we should assemble?"
"And the rest?"
"Three houses. I never stomached snogging a Slytherin. You, Ravenclaw?"
“Your sister?”
Victor worked on the wall, the glass looking thicker than before every minute.
They started backing up from Moran’s curses, shielding themselves and Mycroft, as the other man walked calmly to the centre.
“You did the right thing, Victor. He only threw killing curses our way. He was planning to kill Alissa right there.”
can be quite the handful sometimes. But we understand each other, so if we need outside help, however inconvenient he might deem it, we are going to get it, cher."
He stared at the contents and heard Sherlock say,
"Well, you'll be seeing the man himself soon enough. He was delighted when he was asked to join the team."
“So, you are back here again.”
. Hold on, for me?”
“To a planet in a middle of war, surely you will feel right at home, Dr. Watson.”
“Fine.”
“Actually, I feel much better now. I need to start working on the case for Mycroft.”
“Yes, yes, sod that. Aliens Sherlock? Really?”
“Whatever you want, I guess. Hell, if I had a chance, I’d want something too.”
“I knew it; she went in alone?”
"Spoilsport, no pun intended."
“And the road to hell is paved with them, if I recall.”
“John. John. Where were you? Usually I’m the one with the absentminded gaze. Please keep up. You were telling me about your brother?”
friend. A friend that has stated many times, in front of me I might add, that he is not gay.”
"Victor Trevor, pleased to meet you finally. How did a muggle like yourself wound up in the office of a high ranking official of the Ministry of Magic?"
Sherlock looked positively dumbfounded at that statement.
“Thank you, Sherry. We’ll ring if we need anything else.”
“I still have to arrange everything regarding my former wife, but if he wants me, he gets me for the long run.”
“Yes?”
“Then please come with me.”
Her face shadowed at the memories, the last time they saw each other she was burying her future brother-in-law and friend, as he was saying farewell to Luke.
“Yes, yes, I have a Venomous Tentacula kink. If it had been Sherlock, he would be dead by now.”
John was silent for a few minutes.
“I think your husband might want to take a look at him. Maybe he can even bring him back to pay for his crimes.”
Alissa slapped the back of his head playfully. Harry just rolled his eyes.
"Intense. Yes, they can be intense when we are all together."
At that, John lifted one eyebrow in surprise, but before he could say anything, Sherlock resumed his story.
They started arguing on that point, and John began to pace in the big office. He stopped near the fireplace where both Hermione and Percy had left through. There was a golden framed photograph on the mantel, large enough that he could see the detail on it. It was a picture of Mycroft's wedding day. He was at the centre, arm around the waist of the most beautiful woman he had seen in his life. He was wearing bottle green robes and had a look of satisfaction on his face that John had never seen before. Mycroft's wife, he already suspected her identity, was a dark-skinned beauty, with long dark hair well-formed curls, a regal face and violet eyes. She looked like a queen in lilac dress robes with flowers all over her hair. Standing next to her was Sherlock, in purple robes, barely containing a laugh, with a man almost as tall as him in identical dress robes, with blond curls and an angelic face with an impish grin that didn't quite suit him, arm locked around Sherlock's elbow talking to his ear. Next to them, another beautiful woman with platinum hair and a regal look was rolling her eyes at them, clearly visible in the magical portrait where everything moved. Side by side to Mycroft was Percy and right beside him, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Minister of Magic, both of them in dark green robes, finishing Mycroft's part of the wedding party. At that moment the picture changed, Sherlock laughed, and Mycroft's wife stepped on his foot in anger, the other man started laughing bending over. The groom's party began to look at them like they were mad.
It was John’s turn to speak now, and he was still a little angry at Sherlock. The man was apparently sulking because of what happened before between Victor and him.
, Tum Tum.”
Her eyes softened when he looked back at John.
The man in question had a piercing stare placed on his mother-in-law and boss, and as it seemed that by the pure force of his will, they summoned him to form part of the conversation taking place. He could see both Hermione and Harry following Mycroft's movements with the corner of their eyes. The head of the Auror office, whose dress robes looked a lot like John's, only in a dark shade of green, was talking with a tall blond man with a long pointy face and a ponytail who was wearing dark robes like Sherlock. He looked concerned but was trying, and not succeeding, to keep a nonchalant demeanour. Some political game was currently developing in front of their eyes. Sherlock at least seemed amused by it.
Sherlock choked when John told him his real age. John was starting to feel regret and an emptiness that reminded him of finding Ragnor’s body. It was almost three years now, he needed to visit his old friend.
“Does it matter? What do you need now?”
“And good afternoon to you too, Vic.”
“Idea, but of course you know I can’t remember what now.”
"Victor Trevor, this is John Watson, my best friend. John, this is Victor."
Harry approached Sherlock and John.
“And that’s the Miff we all know and love. At least he didn’t call us all idiots. He implied it, but, hell, he's given us one of the nicest commands ever.”
“2017. Sorry, but, Miss, you know, claiming to know us and talking about what year it is doesn’t really help your case. You might have seen Sherlock on the papers for all I know. And
“I know I did wrong; I know that now.”
“So, I want to run something by you then. What do you think of the name Olivia?”
"Anything I can help you with, gentlemen?"
"Mary, this is Alissa Holmes."
“I’ll leave the cooler in Mycroft’s office. He is back there; I gather?”
“I’m very hard to kill Sherlock. Warlocks generally are, but in my case, I’m what you could call a rare type of warlock.”
“John. And yes.”
“Blah, blah, blah. I didn’t know Stephen even had a parabatai. I think Jace would like to meet him, he would be curious to know his father’s brother in arms. Tessa says hi by the way, so does Jem, I saw them recently. Why do you carry around so many grudges? Geez, you have to let it go one of these days.”
“Nobody is saying Victor is going to be your handler, Sherlock.”
“Show me.”
“Bored. Might as well take this one. It will probably be just a couple of minutes.”
http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/64080.html
"Want to dance?"
“Pretty please. If you don’t like the robes, just don’t touch the jacket with your wand. They could be useful, though. If you prefer, I could do the same with your robes instead.”
“We decided pairs are the best approach. I will be pairing with Gabrielle, Creevey with Prewett, Trevor, disguised as me, with Alissa, then John and Mr Holmes. Abbott and Rosier will stay back as a backup. Every Auror has a coin linking them to Alissa and me. The rest, use the Patronus charm as means of communication in case something goes outside of what we planned. He won’t be expecting us. We need to capture him alive, don’t cast to kill. However, if anyone’s life is in immediate danger, a killing curse will be condoned. Mind you; I’ve never used it. We’ve captured every killer since I’m in office alive, and we’ve Azkaban full to prove it.”
“I’ve already told you. I’ll stay.”
“Gryffindor, I suppose?”
“Well, if you must. I’m sure he’ll be thrilled to see that you are helping me, once he knows who you are. You are aware that your secret life in London stops right now?”
“Visitors?”
Hmm, touching each other. So hand holding was not a requisite. John tapped the golden liquid and leaned forward, as he saw Sherlock do the same. The golden liquid started swirling, and John found himself facing a whitewashed cottage, with a tiled ceiling and a little rock fence in the front. Sherlock was standing next to him, and he finally released his hand.
Hopkins called his people off, and soon two dark vans appeared. After they left, Sherlock could see men in dark suits carrying big cases entering the scene. Then, DCI Lestrade appeared, with a sour look on his face, glaring daggers as he walked to Mycroft. His former team, including that no-good Anderson and newly promoted DI Sally Donovan appeared on the scene. They walked straight to the bodies.
"About that. Sherlock, are you sure you want John in Lissa's memory? Most people find what she sees, how she sees the world, rather unsettling."
"No, but Potter is the Head of the Auror office, so he is sometimes with my brother these days. I've never been around both of them though, exile and all..."
“Magnus, as you don’t know the Head of the Institute yet, allow me to introduce my brother, Mycroft Gideon Holmes, or Verlac, as he surely calls himself in the Shadow World.”
“Don’t eat any of it.”
“Don’t worry about that John.”
Victor glanced up, clearly satisfied with his handiwork.
“Oi! We will leave without you if you take too long. Sherry, your master?”
“Wife, husband, partner, lot in life.”
“Oh, oh, full name, you are in trouble Tum.”
“Nothing.”
“Yes, he is useless now. His soul is irreparably fragmented. He is the equivalent of an empty husk, like a man who received a Dementor’s kiss.”
“So that’s what’s got Miff with his panties in a twist. He is aroused, probably.”
“Be my guest, then. But you’ll probably have to include them tomorrow, at least the visitors. So you have tonight to work the case on your own with your lovely company.”
“Brother mine, Victor has decided he wanted to claim his payment for the case today. He wants to grant you back your wand privileges, that is, if you accept to have a handler until you’ve proven you can keep your nose out of trouble.”
He touched his wand to his clothes, and he changed into wizarding robes, a little longer than the coat he was wearing before. Then he morphed into the taller man with mismatched eyes, the real Victor Trevor.
Victor beamed at her at the last comment.
“Mr Holmes! I don’t know if you remember me from the Minister’s House last year? I’m Roman Hudson, Head Healer here at St. Mungo’s. Is everything in order? I happened to catch your brother here” – he turned and looked at John – “who was arriving with another injured party. The healer in charge of your case wanted to ask how you got the poison in your body since he couldn’t find a bite on you.”
"You have to remember it's not you anymore. You are carrying our unborn daughter. And this is not a regular assassin. You have to trust me on that Mary; the man is deranged."
“Good. If he was going with you, I would have to plead with you for footage of the hex your mum placed on him.”
She looked at Sherlock for reassurance on her next words.
“Sherlock, there’s nothing there and you know it. Stop fooling around.”
“But Victor is right; I’m not gay.”
. You guys have been pining for each other for centuries now. It was unhealthy.”
John couldn’t give an answer to that, so he accepted a pair of latex gloves from Sherlock as he started to pick the pieces and throw them in.
“Excellent.”
, congratulations.”
“Mycroft, I’m going to need the star charts. And a map of London.”
Victor started jumping up and down, grabbing John’s arm. But the look on Sherlock’s face, smug, like he dared the rest of them to doubt John’s brilliance. That look alone almost melted John into a puddle. He squared his shoulders and straightened his posture.
"They say the Delacour women are a sight to behold. I never met any of them, though, was already out of school when they did the Triwizard. I would have loved to watch, but healer training wouldn't let me have a second leave after the Quidditch World cup."
"I told you. Mycroft is nothing but an opportunistic schemer."
Mycroft hadn't moved from the chair for the whole conversation, and he remained eyeing the Daily Prophet while John and Sherlock looked at the picture.
“Quite right.”
“Tell me what you need, Sherlock.”
“You feel it?”
. But only if Uncle My tucks me in.”
"Nah. Just a bunch of posers in Death Eater robes. They probably were the real thing, but they fled the moment their old boss's mark appeared in the sky. Oliver and me, we tried to help the muggles who were hoisted up in the sky, many of the Healers were there so I tried to help as much as I could too."
“John. Mary is gone. I’m so sorry you are going through this; it is all my fault. I was supposed to be watching her!”
“No.”
John obeyed and found himself in a different scenario than the one he just left. The hue of the memory was now blue, and he could see Alissa and her violet eyes, chanting as he remembered from before. John now saw the two men, alive in the captured image, pacing about the room, with an almost military stance. They were talking to each other, he was rubbish reading lips, but he could see Sherlock and Harry as they watched Alissa in rapture, no doubt both committing to memory every word said. Both men were still pacing when the door opened, and they had little or no time before both of them were lying on the floor, dead. The murderer stood watching them, a tall, dark-haired man, with stocky built and cold grey eyes. He walked to both of them, produced a hunting knife from the inside of his robes and carved the words traitor on the wand arm of both men. He looked bored, not like a man who just killed two men. At least he didn't seem amused.
"But it is time for me to join Father at the hospital. Thank you, John, for the honour of taking care of dear Libby before you take her back home..."
, and Sherlock was sauntering away from a tree, old and gnarled and very much alive, looking very pleased with himself.  John scowled at him and Sherlock strolled over to him and grinned widely.  One of these days, thought John, he'd learn not to tell Sherlock not do do things.  Sherlock hadn't lost his contrariness.  Or at the very least, he'd finally regained it, and he seemed to take immense pleasure in doing the exact opposite of what John wanted.
He wasn’t sure what had possessed him to say so much.   And then the presence is there, suffocating, pulling him back.
of ball it was, round and covered with tiny black and white hexagons.
Re-learning it wasn’t too difficult.  Re-learning to speak it wasn’t hard either.   He simply couldn’t be bothered a lot of the time.  And John seemed to understand him well enough without it anyway.
John was seated somewhat awkwardly on the bed when Lestrade entered the room with Mycroft.  Sherlock was inspecting his fingers as though he’d never seen them before and wasn’t entirely sure what they did.  Sherlock’s head snapped up.  He stared at Lestrade, unblinking.  “Hello,” said Lestrade uncertainly.  Sherlock glanced at Mycroft.
Moriarty’s other hand drifted down, finger sliding along the length of Sherlock’s cock.  Sherlock shivered.  “You don’t want me,” murmured Moriarty.  “You want John.  But if he’s dead…you won’t have anyone to hope for.”  Sherlock froze.  He muttered something that sounded like ‘promise’.  Moriarty leaned in close.  “I lied,” he whispered.  “You think what I’ve done to you is unpleasant?  Watch me to it to
“He…didn’t need to do that?  I thought….Mycroft said he might not trust it was me.”
The cattle prod was dropped and John felt a little sick when he saw the demon slip spiked brass knuckles on his hands.  Two jabs to the sides, and then he thrust, hard into Sherlock’s armpits lifting him up.  This scream was different, more broken.  The demon chuckled.  He tightened the choke collar’s chain, so that if Sherlock slumped, or tried to do anything but stand he’d be deeply wounded by the collar.  He stepped back and the first two started in with the clubs again, beating him at the knees (John winced when he heard the kneecap break) and ribs and slamming the butt of the clubs down on his feet, leaving them pulpy, bloody messes.  Sherlock collapsed once, and it nearly decapitated him, or so it looked to John, and he grunted slightly feeling like he had been the one it had happened to, not Sherlock.
“John?” croaked Sherlock, eyes hopeful, tired.  And frightened.
"It's alright.  It's just me.  I have you, alright?  You are still safe."  Sherlock took several deep breaths, trying to calm down.
"I fix things John," he whispered.  "I fix dead things, and dying and sick….why am I still
dreams.  He knew that by now.  Somehow, Sherlock was trying to reach him from wherever he was.  John wasn’t sure how he felt about that.  If it was even believable.
Dina paused the tape again.  She wasn’t sure how much more of this she could take.  She would just make Mycroft take a turn, she thought.  It was only fair, she’d been watching these for a month now.  She’d watched seven months worth of footage.  She knew enough that she was aware of what was coming when the wraith attacked.  Sherlock didn’t say as much to James anymore.  He still spat biting comments at him sometimes, but a threat to John was enough to make him stop talking.
“Is that…possible?  Could we bring him to Baker Street?”
This is...not really an update.  Just a sort of sum-up epilogue.  There is no smut....sorry.
Waking up was…terrifying.  It was always terrifying, but this time it was frightening in the sheer alienness of it all.  He wasn't cold.  Or in pain, or uncomfortable at all.  There was something soft under him, something warm on top and it smelled…of lilac which was odd and something cracked nearby and he was screaming again.  Because surely this was some new torture.  And he wasn't sure he could handle this, to be teased so with warmth and comfort to have it ripped away, likely in the worst ways possible.
One of them came toward him grinning.  He held a sharpened pipe.  Sherlock tried to move, he really did, but the chains on his arms and the demons holding his legs made it impossible.  The demon grinned.  “Let’s play, angel,” he sneered.  Sherlock breathed through his nose, hard and fast.  The demon laughed.  And Sherlock did scream as the metal pipe plunged through his stomach, impaling him, rather cleanly.
“Blimey,” whispered the boy.
“What was it that time?”  John just shook his head, and Lestrade didn’t ask again.  He didn’t really want to know.  The men just stood and watched Sherlock for a long time.  Mycroft re-entered the room.  He always looked tired nowadays.  John supposed it had something to do with caring for Sherlock as well as continuing to try and run the British Government.  Some things just became habit, he thought.  A job like Mycroft’s would be one of them.
Not ever again.  Or I will kill him.  And I will make you watch.”  The hell hounds were gone.  Sherlock never saw them leave.  “Goodbye Sherlock, for now.  Enjoy some lye, while I’m gone.”  Two demons pulled the chains at his arms tight and low, forcing his forehead to the ground.  Liquid splashed over him, burning.  He screamed, even as he felt the skin on his back turning an angry red, cracking, and the pain starting again as the liquid filled the new cracks.
Series of dreams in the years before John found Sherlock,
it was odd.
It had taken most of the first month for Sherlock to believe that Mycroft wouldn’t hurt him for wearing the provided pyjama bottoms.   John found the reason for this in one of the journals.  In the cold months, mostly, Moriarty would supply Sherlock with clothes, tell him to put them on, beat him if he refused.  Then, when he did put them on, the next time Moriarty came into the room, he’d fly into a rage, beating, cutting, burning Sherlock, berating him.  “I never said you could wear that.  What, you think you’re better than this?  You’re
James it seemed…never forgave Sherlock for betraying him.  For telling the Host what he knew, and what he guessed, of Lucifer’s plans.  He felt that Sherlock had taken everything away from him, all his dreams of power, and of domination.  So…he waited.  Waited for Sherlock to have something that Jim could threaten and then…take.”  He looked at John.
“He would have.  Eventually.  He would have taken you, likely brutally killed you in front of Sherlock, and likely Mrs Hudson as well as you, Detective Inspector, and then used that wraith to…convince Sherlock that he had done it.  He was…at one point, hanging on to sanity by noticing that the things in his visions were not there consistently.  If he imagined to have killed you, and then your bodies didn’t go away….then he would have believed it.  James….wanted him broken entirely before he killed him.”
The warehouse was almost frightening looking.  Lestrade had told him to go to the second story.  The smell hit him immediately.  It smelled of sulfur, but also of urine and excrement.   The first thing he saw was the cage.  Three sided, the fourth attached to the concrete wall.  The second thing he noticed was the dead man inside the cage, impeccable suit stained slightly, but not much, with blood, what looked like a sword of some kind sticking out of his neck.  The third and last thing he noticed was the one he was trying the most not to look at--something alive and in the cage.  It was hunched over in the corner, humanoid, but for the two wings arching from it’s back, through the bars of the cage, pinned to the wall with knives.  Its hands were shackled close together. There was a collar around its neck, and a chain reaching from the collar to the wall.  The creature was naked and shaking, and dirty, skeletal in frame, crouched in a tiny ball, face hidden.  Yet John had a terrible feeling he knew what…who, it was.  A look at Lestrade confirmed it.
Moriarty moved fast, forcing the other wing to spread, slamming the knife home.  Sherlock screamed.  And then Moriarty, still looking like John, was pressed up against Sherlock.  He rolled his hips slightly, pressing against Sherlock’s cock.  Sherlock whimpered slightly.  “Hands up,” sung Moriarty.  Sherlock didn’t move.  John was not sure where the riding crop came from.  He assumed it had been conjured.  “Get. Your. Hands. In. The. Air.
Dina rubbed her eyes.  Today’s video had been one of the worst yet.  Apparently, James hadn’t heard that trepanning* had been outdated thousands of years ago.  Still, he had seemed to relish placing the metal band around Sherlock’s head, and placing all sorts of metal objects…from ice picks to cork screws, and drilling holes into his skull.  After a while, Sherlock stopped screaming.  He’d left the band around Sherlock’s head for a long time, tapping at it, pulling at various metal handles, twisting a few in deeper.  Dina made careful notes about where each device was inserted, and about how far.  She went to find John and Lestrade as well, to see if maybe James had made a note of it in the journals.  Lestrade had the journal describing it, but it only said that he’d twisted metal objects into Sherlock’s head, some likely delving into the brain itself, but that he had been healed afterward.  There was no mention of how deep things had gone, or if it
Mycroft was looking at the morning Prophet, a frown on his face. John realised the man hated being away from work. His discomfort was visible, and he stiffened when he said home.
“Alissa Holmes. My sister is the deputy head of the Auror office.”
"Rarely so compliant brother, having John on the magical side is doing wonders for your temper."
"New Orleans was too hot Mycroft. We needed to amuse ourselves. You know I was depressed my best friend was marrying the biggest git in the world. I needed a good laugh."
“Again correct, little brother.”
"I can see it, the genius kid and the creepy Potions master. Snape scared the living daylights out of me. I barely scraped the required grade for the N.E.W.T. class the year before that, and I believe McGonagall had something to do with that. I was a natural in Transfiguration."
Sherlock turned to look at her, and his face is suddenly filled with panic. John had seen that look before, once, when they were working the Baskerville case.
“No. I think I seriously underestimated Moran’s prowess with this particular brand of dark magic. You can see the eyes?”
Victor looked drained, and John stepped and started healing him before he uttered another word, the cuts closing just to reopen again and again. Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and loaned his magic to John, and that managed to close the wounds long enough so that Victor could concentrate in something other than the pain, and the rock continued to morph into a dark tunnel. Victor stepped into the darkness, and the foundation closed viciously behind him, leaving everyone else outside.
“John.”
"Shadows of the past. Nothing of importance. Shall we,
"So, I'll start at the beginning, I guess. I never told you much about my childhood. I grew up in Chelmsford, as you know, my dad worked at the post office, and my mom taught first form. Harry is two years older than me, and she never showed any magical signs at all. My mum told me she knew something was off with me since I was a baby, rattles and toys appearing in my crib after she placed them off the nightstand, and the mobile over my cot moving even when there was no wind. I think one time I made Harry's homework shrink when I was five. No one in any side of my family had ever shown any signs of magic before, but then my father's mother never knew her father, he could have been a wizard for all we know, that was something I never found out nor pursued any further. When I was seven, I fell off a tree at school and got to the floor without a single scratch on me. My mother decided it would be better to homeschool me then; she didn't want any questions asked that she couldn't answer. Even with schoolwork at home, it was easy for me to make friends with the kids in the neighbourhood and after that particular tree incident, nothing happened until my eleventh birthday. That day the owl arrived. It came to the kitchen; no one was there except my mom, so she took the parchment from the owl's leg, read it and kept it all to herself. The next day, Professor McGonagall and a Ministry official came to my door. My mom and dad had lots of reservations; they were terrified and unbelieving when they told them their youngest was a wizard. My dad even tried to kick them out of the house. It was McGonagall who got to them in the end. She practically assured my mother she would be responsible for my well being while at school. In the end, they agreed they would let her accompany my mom and me to Diagon Alley. I was there through the whole conversation and never let a word out until she said 'Goodbye Mr Watson', addressing me directly for the first time. 'Ma'am', was all I managed that time. After they left, my parents sent me to my room, and I could hear the heated argument from upstairs. The words 'freak school' and 'dangerous' came out from my dad's mouth a couple of times, growing increasingly louder each time. In the end, my mother won the battle, and the next day we went with the Professor into the Leaky Cauldron and the Magical World."
At that precise instant, John received a text message. His sister.
“And Johann?”
“And the kinky bastard loves it, I’m sure.”
s logo on. Victor took one look at them and changed his outfit to jeans and a black T-shirt with sequins that spelt ‘I don’t bite’, with a blood red leather jacket. He took one look at John, seemed to find his choice of wardrobe acceptable, and raised his eyebrow at Sherlock.
John suddenly remembered something and gasped.
"There wasn't much of use. Mycroft, we are going to need access to Madame Delgove's archive. I think she was a target for one or more items in her collection. We need to know what Moran took."
She sounded broken as she walked into the green flames.
At this, both of them laughed, and John felt like a weight lifted off his shoulders. He still had time. Time to sort this out, time to spend with Sherlock, even though this case could be their last.
“Yes. We need to get back to the rest of the team now.”
Alissa started wrangling on her chains, pain etched in her features, but not a word or a scream came out of her mouth.
He smiled back at John, and now John was confident he knew now whose wand was an elder one.
“Well, so it seems I’m free to leave now. Please go and collect Victor, we can travel through the fireplace in the lobby straight into the house. I want to be out of here before the morning shift starts and more people get to see us.”
"Now you know why I thought, well, why you were not recruited to help. To think I might have... Well, it is too late for that. And Alissa was the reason I did not contact you for those two years, even though I almost made contact with you a couple of times, I was tempted to text you or something."
She sighed, touched her robes and changed into the accommodating version of Victor, shorter, with no mismatched eyes.
He stammered. Backing away from Harry, he bent over himself and started hyperventilating. John’s anger turned into concern.
is going to do her best to keep your wife happy, John."
“Misplaced?”
“Yes, dear cherub, I did. Now we have to wait.”
"As I said before,
“See you soon, princess.”
“So you’d rather I stopped?”
John was holding his breath, his hands shaking in anger.
He reached the cottage quickly, even though he had never been there before. Dennis Creevey was sitting in the front garden and waved at him from his guarding post. John acknowledged him back and entered through the front gate into the front yard. It was a beautiful place, with a beautiful rose bush in front. He went into the cottage and found Mary having breakfast with Gabrielle in small, but well stocked, modern kitchen. He greeted his wife, and he felt her stiffen a little when he bowed down to kiss her cheek.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide as he allowed John to pull him back. The DI was looking at both of them like he was going to have them committed to the madhouse.
“Oh, hush.”
"You can't change your mind every two or so years, Victor. I have to remind you. You broke up with me. And John, don't shake his left hand, unless you want him to be able to transform into you."
, we have brunch prepared at the house. Mummy and Daddy are there already. Join us, you and William. You look like you could use some good food and company.”
After the battle, people started talking about the new Accords, and they wanted either Harry or Magnus as a representative for the Council. It was John’s cue to leave, before someone realized who he was. He waved at his siblings, and conjured a portal outside of the Hall. It was forbidden, of course, and that made him want to do it, more than ever.
Alissa’s eyes widened, and Moran took advantage of the glitch in her guard.
“He is in a strop then. Have you tried the clouds? Sometimes he parks the TARDIS in the sky. Ah, but he didn’t take the TARDIS, you have it. Try the otters.”
John huffed, if he remembered correctly the blood replenishing potion was anything but easy to brew. Victor did it again, and Gabrielle jumped in, and they didn’t even waste time as she started healing him on the spot, so they could finally get Harry in.
“So, where are those famous bodies you were talking about Mr. Holmes?”
“Yes, you could something like that.”
“Common Shadowhunter name. Not as common as Jonathan, but still. They use a lot of old Hebrew names, or, depending on the site of the Institute or if the family seat is in Idris or not, culturally relevant names. Gideon, the head of the London Institute, was raised here. He used to be the Instructor, both weapons, history and languages. He is a hell of a fighter, but he prefers to use his mind, rare thing in a Shadowhunter. The thing is, he is not a well-liked member of the Clave.”
"Luna loved the matches, and so I went with her. I don't even remember who was on my house team. I remember the Weasley twins though; they were hilarious."
“To be honest, no. But it probably means we’re needed somewhere.”
“Here?”
“I shed the Verlac as soon as I went to school. The name was a handful itself, without adding two surnames to the mix, and a French one, to the patriots’ dismay. Never trust the French.”
“Right here.”
"Well, you didn't notice me at Hogwarts, that is for sure, nor I remember you. I was only a student there for half a year before my mother sent me to live with my grandmother in France."
“Got delayed. Had to deal with the perpetrator. Gregory is injured, but alive.”
John laughed, something the charms master and him shared, then. But he didn't think the voice had the same effect on the tiny professor that it had on him.
“Miff!!! Got you your birthday present, and Miss Malkin agreed to come right here to get your new robes adjusted for you. I bought several colours that I think might suit you for tonight, but you get the final decision on all. You must promise me, though, you have to choose at least one.”
“And what exactly do you think Victor ‘is’?”
At that, Mycroft’s eyes had a strange gleam in their eyes. Interesting, John thought, the so called Iceman had feelings for someone other than immediate family.
Mycroft tutted at him, “If you hadn’t erased all astronomy knowledge, you wouldn’t need them, brother mine.”
“Please leave my trousers out of this, Trevor.”
He showed it to Mary, Sherlock, and Alissa next. Then he took out his wand.
"Oliver, it was a pleasure meeting you. I'm going outside for a smoke since I can't even imagine lighting one up inside this house without a hoard of house elves chasing me away."
Sherlock looked at John, and in understanding, John told them,
“Harkness. Ianto Harkness. God, I can’t believe this is your kid. You went and married an alien then?”
“Blood of my blood.”
“You know Greg? He is a good man. Or dog. And an excellent ally. Why he was shacking up with James, nobody knows. He became the alfa after he passed in the struggle against Sebastian.”
“Golpalott’s Third Law.”
“He’s a wizard.”
Mary laughed when he said that.
"No, but we can wake your brother up."
Note update 4/12/2018: I'm giving this fic some love after a couple of years, so expect changes in formatting, grammar, not plot though.
“Is your vocabulary so limited Johnny boy? So, you can practice on your ugly ass scar and don’t lose its sentimental value or whatever it is you said before.”
This was the first time John let Sherlock tell that story; he never wanted to hear the logistics of his fall. He knew he was in danger at the time, Sherlock had hinted something, but this was the first time he heard Greg and Mrs Hudson received direct threats. John was secretly glad he kept his questions to himself because he now knew he would have listened to an elaborate lie instead of the whole truth. That somehow made it all a little better, knowing Sherlock thought that, because John was a muggle, his best friend could never be a part of his magical escape. But still, he felt deeply hurt and jealous even, that Sherlock was able to completely confide in two others, two unknown figures that were important enough to be a part of it while John was out of the loop and mourning his best friend. As always, completing his thoughts, Sherlock continued his tale in a sad tone.
Sherlock realized then how ridiculous that sounded.
“Good graces, you have a house-elf, Mycroft?”
“Oh, Mummy!!! You’ll be wearing robes!!! I know you hate them, so I’m going to bring the most beautiful robes in the world so that even you won’t object to them, even if I have to do some modifications myself. I’ll buy Miff a good birthday present too.”
“But now, now I can see the family resemblance. You are Seraphina’s brother, and since that one clearly is Magnus Bane, you can only be Johann Sun.”
Mycroft waved the thanks away nonchalantly. At this, Sherlock perked up and moved next to John. He placed his hand on his shoulder, and John turned to look at him. Sherlock spoke to him softly, so that only John could hear him.
“Aren’t elder wands unlucky wands?”
“I actually need to talk to him, and would appreciate if you set a meeting. He has been avoiding me. I don’t know why.”
“I just kissed a man yesterday to prove something to you.”
"Now for proper introductions."
, and she pinched him hard in the arm in return.
“Sherlock is not coming with us. Just Victor and me this time.”
“Mmmm.”
Her face was horror-struck as she looked at the magical stick John was brandishing before her eyes.
“Sherlock, there is nothing in the world I would want more than to be there for you. But right now my family needs me.”
“Yes.”
Second text beeped.
John removed Sherlock’s shirt, and he could almost feel the anger.
“I guess I can call you John now? Johnny?”
“I’d be delighted, Johnny.”
family. Don't ever think that you don't matter to me."
He said, barely audible, almost a whisper.
Bugger, John forgot he was trying to keep Victor’s identity to himself.
John was surprised that he registered the call, the pull was too much, a little like when he wanted to protect Sherlock, it spoke to his protective instinct.
“And you are not sober to begin with. Really, Harry, today of all days you had to go party at the Seelie Court? You’ll probably dance in the fairy revels for the rest of your immortal life if you are not careful.”
“Well, I think the perfect moment is right before her date with my father in Darillium starts. According to her, and that is real if, because my mum loved to dramatize her stories, she was unconscious in the TARDIS while my father waited for her in the entrance of the restaurant. The trick would be to get the TARDIS next to the exact same spot in which it was parked, so that you could talk with her for few minutes. And you have to avoid my father.”
“We will be back at least one hour before the party starts, so I hope you are not late.”
Sherlock glared at him for a second, then collected himself and started a rapid rant.
And then he finally looked up. And blinked. Then continued blinking, without stopping. Victor finally caught up with him and started laughing, started laughing just like John that is. Which made John laugh too.
, just grab my arm.”
“Potion.”
His brother tensed his mouth, but replied,
hand, Victor.”
“I guess I was waiting to talk it over with Mary, but now I can name her whatever the hell I want.”
Oliver didn’t reply.
“I know, but with Shadowhunters, sometimes you really don’t get a choice. Mmmm, I wonder if that’s the reason your brother kept the Shadow World from you. Maybe he serves a Shadowhunter family himself.”
John looked at Victor, who shrugged, just as clueless as himself.
“Longer than usual, yes. In fact, longer than I’ve ever seen her do it. Moran is probably fighting them off.”
“Seriously? A cooler box?”
, you can take over. I’m sure you can find her on the CCTV, and we can pinpoint her exact location in no time.”
John felt sad at the last part of this conversation, only because he knew that deep down, Sherlock did love Mycroft as much as the other man loved him. It was just because of red-headed Slytherin boy, John couldn’t picture him as anyone else, that he lashed back at his brother all the time, without even realising why.
“You are lucky I love you.”
“And lose whatever lovely present your brother has for me this time? Not in a lifetime.”
“Where’s my wife? Is she ok?”
“Don’t I know.”
John was looking at him now, pleading, as a familiar black car pulled in and Mycroft Holmes stepped out of the vehicle.
“Oldest by one minute, but oldest nonetheless. Oh, let the boy be, young one. He is funny. I like him. Best wishes for you both.”
“Now, Johnny, how can I be of use to you?”
“There’s a room ready for you both, you might like it. It was my grandparents room, you know. Wonderful, it even has bunk beds.”
Alissa spat at his face, and the man raised his wand, his spell deflected by the wandless protection spell
“Can you tell one from the other? Aren’t ravens and crows basically the same bird in appearance?”
John tried to keep the bile from rising when she used the possessive ‘our’ for Sherlock. But then he realized that the Sherlock they knew was married to him. Could that even be possible?
“Really, Seraphina. Tell me more. Do you honestly don’t know why?”
“Wow.”
I don't own any characters both from Sherlock and TMI series, the former belongs to ACD, Mark Gatiss and Stephen Moffat and the latter to Cassandra Clare. I just make this work for fun, not profit.
“My brother is something else. You would like him, I think. He is the youngest, my sister and me, well, we raised him from age 7. He is very complicated, but a charmer nonetheless. His name is Magnus.”
“Why is that important?”
“Being recovered as we speak,
Sherlock actually scoffed at the comment.
“I’ve been informed.”
Sherlock was sweating. He was internally cursing himself for letting someone as inane as this unsavory character corner him, and now a criminal known for his good aim was pointing a gun at him. And John, where was his partner when he needed him?
She said it with such a conviction that John wondered what this woman knew or believed about him, then she walked and locked her arm in his.
"Yes."
“Thanks, Alissa, I appreciate it. Thank you too, Mycroft.”
“Yes. For you.”
“I wouldn’t count on it, cher. I think mon lapin is correct, and there’s nothing to be done. However, if there’s anything that can be done, Mycroft would know it. We’ll leave him here for him to sort when he comes back to work.”
“You can call her by her full name, by all means.”
“Oh, so this is Mr Sherlock Holmes.”
“Suit yourself. I will call him for you, indeed.”
Then, weeks after that,
“Yes! Your brother! He knows us! Well, yes, 2017, he already knows both of us!”
"Oh! So you are a muggle healer too! I've always wanted to know if their muggle animal healing could apply to some magical creatures. Always prepare yourself for the field, in case an emergency finds the wizard and the magical creature in need without a wand."
"Sherlock, did you mix illegal muggle drugs as part of your potion ingredients? Are you telling me you became a bloody wizarding meth cooker????"
“And we both wanted the same thing, you know, in the bedroom. That didn’t work at all. But you two, you two would work. And just so you know, I envy him that. I would tread the depths of hell for a kiss like the one you gave me, one that was really for me. I know this isn’t perfect timing, your wife just left you. I’d say good riddance, but then you’ll probably beat me to a pulp. But he needs his wand tonight, and you are the only one he will accept as his handler.”
“Not tonight, Greg, thank you.”
“Just what John? Because today, did I just saw you interacting with your ‘brother’ – he seemed to add derision to that word- in a not gay way?”
Victor emerged from his blinking and happily interrupted the discussion. Sherlock obliviated him a second time. Alissa walked to her husband's sleeping form, her face filled with pain as he reached to touch his face.
“Would you come with me?”
“The wall requires sacrifice.”
“Shush. You are speaking Gaelic. And not even the one I understand, you are speaking the Scottish Gaelic. Everything will be alright. Glamour yourself to look however you want.”
Mycroft seemed satisfied and decided not to push the issue more.
He could see sympathy in Sherlock's face, a rare sight.
“We transfigure it into its original form. Allow me.”
“And he bites people now, sometimes.”
Also English is not my first language, but I couldn't write Sherlock and John in the Harry Potter Universe in Spanish, so sorry for any mistakes. Not brit picked, not betaed, just me having fun.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to contain a jealous expression. Who was this girl to call
The woman looked pleased, satisfied, she was clinging to her husband's arm, but if you paid further notice, you would realise that she was not there, per se.
“I thought warlocks were immortal”
“See? That was easy, you know, being helpful and quiet.”
"The last time anyone saw Sebastian Moran, he was presumed dead. His body checked thoroughly, or so we thought, for metamorphic magic, and there were no signs of life on his body. The new suspicion is that he indeed has more than one body. This event qualifies as dark magic on a Horcrux level, not precisely the same process, but the same principle applies. He used animated bodies, without changing their appearance, so no changeling magic was detected. Our operatives don't know if he has only two or more bodies, and his real appearance is still a Mystery then. The body that died in Spain last year was the one he was seen in since he left Bulgaria and joined Moriarty."
"Oliver Wood, this is Victoria Vertro. She is Olivia's godmother and one of my closest friends. Victoria, this is Oliver, Olivia's godfather."
"She sees memories. Strong ones. Some are strong enough to last a lifetime, and some are there for a little while. She can summon them if they are recent or strong enough. The ones we see right now are not the summoned kind, just powerful ones that lingered. Every place has a few or many of those memories. She sees this all the time, everywhere."
“Your back feels tense.”
“I guess I have to thank Mycroft again for his quick thinking about Mary. A bit presumptuous on our relationship status, though.”
“Trust us. It is moving. My mum tinkered a little with the stability sensors and now a ride doesn’t feel as bumpy as it used to. Grandfather hates it.”
"About that. I think we should consider the offer Mary. It isn't just you anymore. And we now know that we are targets. We also know who is after us, and he is more than dangerous. And he is not your usual run of the mill assassin, not even in your league."
DI Hopkins looked around, clearly in panic. He almost stepped on one of the bodies, a boy, around nineteen, whole body covered in tattoos. Sherlock was sure he had seen such tattoos before somewhere. Maybe a gang? He looked back at John, who had a panicked look on his face. He barely registered as the man took out his phone and talked to someone. Who could John be calling now? The man almost ran into the policeman as he was making his way out of the tape, Sherlock was almost inside, about to leap into the examination of the first body, when John grabbed his elbow.
"And for himself."
“Yes, we are,
"You all went to the same school then? There has to be just one place for people like you here."
“You could have done that yourself.”
“So you said, don’t ask him, I’ll go with you, correct?”
Roman chuckled again and moved them toward the lifts.
"Hermione, as you know, John's secret wasn't mine to give. I talked to you about this from the beginning. And Harry has all the new files; you do remember my wife works with him closely? I only need to remind you that she knows everything Sherlock does, or I do, as a matter of fact, so you must be reassured that she will not neglect to inform her boss about it. Or is my wife's professional demeanour in question now?"
John tried to keep a neutral look now.
He turned to Sherlock, who was examining the people as they knocked on the wall, he moved so close to them that he was almost in contact with the glass. Three remained, and the rest of them went back into the tunnel.
She was middle-aged, and very beautiful, with dark red hair tied back in a bun. John thought of a younger Minerva McGonagall while gathering the look of fear on her face, blue eyes wide open. Tears were falling from Gabrielle's cheeks as she bent down and closed her eyelids, placing a kiss on her forehead as she did it. Sherlock gave one look at the corpse, before pulling his head up and gathering his surroundings.
“Hello, beautiful girl. Libby, darling, it's your daddy. And this” he turned and looked at Sherlock then “is your father.”
As soon as Sherlock gave the order and they released, the whole room started spinning, and doors began closing as they moved closer to Gabrielle. John noticed that their latching spells were all golden, all but Sherlock’s, who had a silvery latch on Gabrielle, very thin, almost non-perceptible. When John stepped after Sherlock through the door, he noticed that all the latches had vanished, but Sherlock kept his cord on. John saw, but the rest of them, including Gabrielle, seemed oblivious to the fact that Sherlock kept his bond to her. John moved to cover the latch from the rest of them, trusting his partner’s judgement blindly. It was too dark, but he could feel Sherlock’s quiet approval of his actions.
"You had no idea."
"Victor does love his Quidditch matches. You know, Victoria is an actress, and her schedule is all over the place."
“I know why I don’t remember it, then. It’s stored.”
“It’s probably safe, but I advise you against going alone. You could go retrieve my brother from Baker Street; he is probably still in the same position you left him, you know.”
His magic was flowing out of him, closing the wound, even if it was too late. He had stopped crying the moment he spoke his last words to Ragnor. He was a man with a mission now. He lifted the warlock’s green body, Ragnor had always been the taller one, but he was always the stronger.
“Yes, you and Seraphina if I recall, you were not supposed to bring you own entourage. I don’t want more than one Shadowhunter in this flat.”
Mummy signalled John and Victoria, and both of them were soon standing on either side of Sherlock. Victoria was petite, and her place behind the chair was next to Mycroft, so she touched her dress, and transformed back into Victor, who kept his muggle clothing, though. He then wrapped his arms around Sherlock and started looking over his shoulder. Soon an elaborate drawing began to appear in front of their eyes. A dark starry night, a warehouse, and the back of a mysterious man John recognised as Sebastian Moran. The detail of the drawing was terrific; it was like looking at a black and white picture. After a couple of minutes, Alissa finished the portrait. Her eyes came back to normal, and both Sherlock and Mycroft grabbed her before she collapsed. Mycroft gave her a glass of water, and she drank the whole thing fast. Sherlock paced, and kneeled beside her.
Through the glass wall, John could see several people approaching from inside the tunnel.
"And you kept this from me all this time Mac? Don't tell me you didn't know, won't believe you anyway."
“Sherlock. Cars are ready. We have to go. What's the deal with your brother now? Since when does Mycroft text when he can call?”
"Why you chose this picture for your mantelpiece intrigues me, Mycroft."
“Bit different, I know! It’s this job. How long since we last saw each other? Almost twenty years, I think. But you can at least remember your flatmate for almost a year, a man whose life you saved, by the way.”
"We need retrieval. Double murder."
"This, John, is the most valuable book in the magical world. The Book of the Dead, the real thing, filled with ancient Egyptian magic, some of it the darkest magic in magical history. This book can raise the dead John, really recall their souls from beyond the veil. And a lot of other terrible things, some good, some bad, some unmentionable and unthinkable. He wanted to bring Jim back, at any cost. We interrupted him, stopped him. If he gets his hands on this, there is no stopping him."
Sherlock waved his dismissal, looking at Alissa now to send his point through.
"Preposterous."
The stairwell looked terrific, decorated with small fairies, frozen by one of the spells from Mycroft's elf staff, who seemed ecstatic to show their capabilities to their guests. Sherlock was just two steps ahead of him, his robes swishing like his Belstaff usually did, descending the stairs two at a time like the madman he was. John resisted the ingrained need of running after him, remembering that the party was not a case, Sherlock was not in danger, well, at least not the usual kind. He might get a scolding from his mother, brother or sister if they saw him running around the house. He saw a house elf that he didn't recognise but remembered Mycroft said there were three of them in the house.
. They all walked to the fireplace, and each of them took the powder, and they appeared in Mycroft's office. Mycroft was seating in his desk and a beautiful woman, with long blond curly hair, an angelic face which John thought he might have seen before, and beautiful light blue eyes was seating on the corner of it, pouting.
“Boys. Do you want to go over the menu for tonight with me?”
So when a strange whooshing noise started ringing from the sitting room, able to even bring Sherlock out of his reverie, he was not pleasantly surprised. He was scared shitless, to say the least. Then, a blue police box appeared in the middle of their sitting room, taking almost all the space available.
“Your baby is blue.”
Sherlock scoffed at the last comment and remained silent for the rest of the way. Soon they could see the gates of the manor house, and Victoria was out there, smoking. John’s mind started reeling, hatching a plan.
"Later. Are you staying? I thought you would be apparating to Cornwall tonight."
“That’s great news. You know, the baby’s mother...”
Sherlock took the vials from his brother and walked over to a wall. A green tapestry decorated by silver circles and snakes covered the whole of it. When he was in front of the artwork, he signalled for John to join him.
“Griz, I need you again. Lend me your magic. Thanks for doing it in front of Harry, I mean it. I know you didn’t want more people to know about the spell.”
He flicked his hand again, and John was now wearing an outfit similar to Harry’s, black leather trousers and jacket, with a tight white T-shirt that showed his muscles in favorable light.
“Shadowhunters are part human and part angel. Basically, the opposites of warlocks. Their purpose is to slay demons and protect the mundanes, the regular human beings. They have laws, which are very complicated. They serve the Clave, that is their high government. They have their own country, but they have Institutes everywhere.”
“Oh, bite me.”
“You have always been able to see the Shadow World. The secret world, the world where ghosts, demons, vampires, werewolves and monsters exists. All the stories are real.”
Directing himself now at Victor, he told him,
Mummy shoed them out of the sitting room. They walked the stairs side by side in silence, and John could see Sherlock hesitating. He opened his mouth once like he was about to say something, before closing it again. They reached the corridor and saw Sherry closing a door, no doubt to Victor’s room. She showed them to their rooms, Mycroft had placed them in adjoining suites, and Sherlock hovered in John’s door. John was tired, but he didn’t want to let Sherlock out of sight for a while.
“This is different, and you know it. We are half-bloods, for Merlin’s sake!”
With that, he joined his friend and left John, who started running the opposite way.
Alissa helped her husband out of bed, and she rearranged his tie for him. The man leaned on her for support, and John started to doubt if leaving St. Mungo’s today was such a good idea after all. To hell with it. They still had a lot of work to do, and Mycroft had proved invaluable to this case, by actually doing the legwork he so utterly despised.
"Who is he?"
“And that, Tum, is the reason you are mediocre at best when you try to make potions. You don’t have the patience for it. Potion making is an exact science, and it will not be rushed.”
He had a guilty look on his face, and he seemed sincere.
Mycroft looked at his brother and Victor angrily. Alissa moved then. She finally released John and went to stand next to her husband. He raised his hand, and grabbed hers, placing it close to his heart. John felt like an outsider, with a ringside seat to a family feud. Sherlock cleared his throat once.
At that, a small sob escaped John involuntarily, and Sherlock moved his chair into his personal space, grabbed his robes and pulled him into an awkward but strong hug. John's forehead against his shoulder, arms to his side, not daring to hold his friend, but craving the contact anyway, the hand that Sherlock released twitching as he opened and closed his fist. John could smell Sherlock on the robes, and the doctor wondered how many times had the man used them without John knowing, how many times the detective was allowed into this magical world, which he, unlike John, was forced to leave behind. A minute passed that way before Sherlock finally released him, but he didn't seem to want to let go.
friends, Dad, not mine.”
She seemed annoyed at them, like thinking how did they dare make her masters wait.
"Oh, yes, well, I never went back home on Easter and Christmas Holidays, only during summer break, and only till my fourth year. I spent half of the summer at Oliver's parents; they were my second family, hell, my proper family after I started school. I cried like a baby when his father died in our fifth year. They even let Harry come to their house sometimes, and I thought she had a crush for the first time, on a boy that is, when she met Luke. It turns out they were looking at the same girl from a nearby village and were betting at which one of them would get her. Boy, Harry was smug when she won."
A tall man with multiple scars in his arms was talking to a bunch of werewolves, as he stepped back to join them.
He received the phone call that same day.
“I don’t mind, Mummy. He wouldn’t be Sherlock Holmes if we weren’t staring at death in the face at least once in a while.”
But seeing things no one else saw wasn’t normal, and Sherlock knew it. He studied the human mind, and began to see some parallels between himself and people suffering from mental illness. He kept what he saw to himself, because none of those things ever threatened him or anyone else. After all, he kept his distance, remembering the words his mother spoke to him all those years ago. The sight sometimes was too much, and he indulged in other things. The only times he didn’t really see anything at all was when he used. So he used, and used, until it became too much. The Sergeant found him in a gutter, in a pitiful state, and he managed to contact Mycroft. Then came rehab, and that wasn’t the last time. It was the first time of many.
Roman eyed his clothing with approval, looking at John in a new light. God, he had forgotten the man was a vain git, and no doubt his comment about his appearance had sparked some need for retaliation. But the look was now forgotten, as he eyed him in his robes.
