Sherlock stood there like a Greek statue, brilliant eyes narrowed toward the door. John didn’t try to move or draw Sherlock’s razor attention, so they stayed quiet for another five whole minutes before Sherlock finally broke the silence.
Lestrade let out an exasperated sigh. “You know, you’re just as bad as him. I’ll trust that you won’t do something illegal?”
“Thinking about tomorrow?”
“No, just,”
“I don’t treasure it anymore,” Sherlock said stiffly.
“You’ll like it here,” Mrs. Hudson whispered quickly as he sat on the armrest, massaging Sherlock’s head. John looked up at her to see a wide grin stretching from ear to ear. “Your room is upstairs, but of course, it could always be just for storage.”
“Nevermind.” John turned. Whatever it was that Sherlock was thinking of and didn’t say alarmed him. When didn’t Sherlock share his thoughts? The knock for delivery finally came, and the odd silence between them was broken.
John was rushed out of the delivery room. He had not seen so much blood since Afghanistan. The doctors hurried Mary’s unconscious body into surgery.
The intensity of Sherlock’s gaze made John’s cock twitch. Those eyes were undeniably beautiful. John wanted to wake up to those gorgeous eyes every day for the rest of his life. John smiled to himself at the thought.
“I didn’t want to lie to you. I knew it was a dangerous decision, not to my health particularly, but to our renewed relationship. I was fully aware of what was at stake, and I proceeded nonetheless.” Sherlock closed his eyes again; the lights suddenly too bright.
Sherlock thought.
Mike took a sip of his coffee. “Well, you’re the second person to say that to me today.”
John paid the cabbie as Sherlock unlocked the door to 221B. They went upstairs together. John offered the other tea.
Those razor-edged eyes were dark when Sherlock leaned into John’s ear with a devilish twist of his mouth.
Sherlock lay on the bed dressed in only an old grey shirt and dark blue bottoms, foam and vomit dribbling from his mouth as his body convulsed. His silk dressing gown pooled around him.
“Nobody could be that clever.”
Watching Sherlock take his plunge is a thought John never could erase, nor did he try to.
John stared at him for a bit. “Right.” He went around Sherlock’s chair to grab the other man gently around his bruised hips.
“I like you, John, so I’m going to give you a chance to right this wrong,” Victor said behind his gun. “Return back to your home and forget about this alleyway.” Victor neared John, keeping his sights trained on the center of John’s forehead, “but when I want Sherlock, I’ll have him. He’ll always be mine as long as I’ve got my coke and my cock.”
John was at the counter when a pair of hands encircled his torso, palms lying flat against the planes of his chest. Sherlock pressed into his back and nuzzled his shoulder. John bared his neck for the taller man. Sherlock took his offering and trailed his lips over John’s skin, leaving slight pecks along the way. John braced himself on the counter when Sherlock spoke into his ear, velvety baritone vibrating through his body.
John smiled against his skin. Sherlock melted a little. “I don’t have to see that to know that you are.”
“Why were you fighting?” John licked his bottom lip instead of answering. “You’ve not been drinking, and it wasn’t at Tesco, because you’ve got fresh dirt stains on the edges of your shoes. Besides, you can’t have a proper row with a chip-and-pin machine, can you,” Sherlock punctuated with a tilt of his head toward John’s abused knuckles.
They stood in silence, Sherlock finally breathing normally again. John began unbuttoning his shirt. Sherlock watched him curiously. He lifted his white undershirt over his head and threw it into Sherlock’s chair. His healed bullet wound was pink compared to the rest of his body. Sherlock admired his only major wound. John had always been more careful.
“Um, Sergeant Donovan’s just been explaining everything, the two pills. Been a dreadful business, hasn’t it? Dreadful.” John muttered.
“Is today better then, Sherlock?”
, John thought. Of course, John wasn’t averse to doing what Sherlock wanted, but he wanted to do this for Sherlock.
“Not a word.”
“I haven’t heard of anything like that before,” John whispered in awe.
He had been ready, but the universe had decided against it.
When he finally emerged from the bathroom, John had his medical kit out to clean and treat the worst areas of Sherlock's skin. Afterwards, John set down their breakfast plates. Sherlock took a careful seat and gladly accepted the hot mug of coffee from John. John checked the stove before taking a seat next to Sherlock.
“Sherlock, I would say he is depressed.”
“I’m the world’s only. I made it up.”
Before John exited the flat, he gave Sherlock a hesitant kiss on his temple. Sherlock held his position on the sofa, hearing the uncertain steps at the bottom of the steps. He counted to three in his head before John walked through the flat again.
John fumbles with his ringing mobile as he hurries out the cab. All he could think about was Sherlock. The static in his head died, replaced by Sherlock’s name repeated over and over like a cult chant.
“There are not enough words in the world to properly express my regret. I treated you absolutely horrifically, and I am so sorry, Sherlock. I would never purposely hurt you. You mean everything to me.”
Was it abuse?
John swallowed hard and started tidying up. He gathered everything into the bin and put their empty mugs into the sink. He stood gripping the edge of the sink.
“You’re not too bad yourself,” Sherlock laughed.
“Not by me or anyone else. Understood?” Sherlock nodded with wide eyes. He had expected John to fly into a rage and hunt Victor down with military precision, but he had not imagined he would react to his injuries with such care, especially under the circumstances in which he received them.
“John Watson!”
“He isn’t. John is more quiet about his anger. Outbursts are few and far in between.”
A door swung open after he climbed the next flight of stairs. It was a new door, painted yellow and stood out from the natural dark cherry wood accents of the hall. Sherlock stepped into the warmly lit room. The door closed softly behind him. In the middle of the room stood only a group of five candles organized from shortest to tallest. There was nothing else to see in the room- its corners engulfed in shadows. Sherlock began to panic quietly. He was never without his sight. What could he do without being able to see the obvious truth around him?
He turned on the shower and peeled off his sweaty clothes. When the water was scalding, Sherlock stepped in. He gently scrubbed the new injection point. The water was painful, but he needed to feel something different than the hollowness in his chest. He hung his head, letting his hair fall into his face. Tears flowed hot down his face and mixed with the water. He had almost lost a battle in his own head, and it had been Moriarty’s doing. He had managed to corrupt the things he loved most from the deepest parts of his mind palace.
Stomps sounded outside before two men came in, emergency kits in hand. They rushed to put him on a stretcher. John blurted out his vitals to them.
John used his other hand, originally supporting himself against the wall, to yank Sherlock by the collar to the floor. Sherlock fell hard on his knees, his mouth still attached to John’s heavy cock. He reached up unsteadily to hold onto John’s hips, but his hands were slapped away. The rush of air was making his head spin worse. His untouched dick throbbed painfully in his pants. Sherlock leaned into the thrusts as he placed his palms on the floor. John wrapped his fingers in Sherlock’s thick curls and held Sherlock’s face to his cock. Sherlock’s nose was shoved into the dark blond curls of his pubic hair, smelling of sweat and pure John. Tears ran down his cheeks as he choked around John. Spit gurgled around John’s length.
Sherlock did not answer and stared quietly back at him. “Hm, I guess not,” Victor said to himself. “Aren’t you lonely, Sherlock? Has he been mistreating you?”
“He was cocky.”
Hey everyone!
Something was
The man reached for his dark coat. “I did. Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t that difficult a leap.”
“My chest,” Sherlock started quietly, leaning against the wall. John turned to him, holding the skull by the horn in his right hand and the vial in his left.
“Are you sure? I’ve got some on me right now.”
“Since you broke my tea set,” she remarked. Sherlock took the mug in both hands and kissed her gently on the cheek.
“Right. Okay. I will dispose of it then.” John grabbed Sherlock’s clammy hand. “Is that it, Sherlock?”
John spent most of his wedding watching Sherlock from his peripheral as he gazed into his new wife’s eyes. God how he wished it were those beautiful multi-colored eyes he was looking into. The violin piece he had composed for them said all the things he never did. John’s heart squeezed at the end, and all he wanted to do was embrace that brilliant madman.
“Want some of mine,” John asked shyly. Sherlock hesitated before nodding. For a moment, they stared in weird silence. Sherlock half expected John to slide his plate over, but what he definitely was
“You're a doctor. In fact, you're an army doctor.” Sherlock said in the doorway.
John smirked against the cleft of Sherlock’s arse and kissed the man’s pucker like it were his mouth, pressing his tongue in and swirling around the ring wetly. The sounds coming out of Sherlock’s mouth were going straight to John’s cock. He couldn’t tease him much longer.
“I am not a psychopath, John. I’m a high-functioning sociopath. Do your research.”
“Brave, strong, stubborn,”
“I told him I didn’t deserve’im, and he bloody agreed!”
They stood there in the middle of the parking lot, letting John’s words sink in. Lestrade was grateful that he was called. He was certainly aware of the illegal acts both he and Sherlock did, but without any concrete proof, there was no way he could even consider them suspects. It was a perk of having a friend in law enforcement. So, for John to call him after what had gone down with Victor Trevor, he knew that John had taken it as far as he could. Lestrade thought back to Sherlock’s bruised and cut up face. Was that what John was referring to?
Sherlock glared as his parents stood in front of them with Mycroft on their heels looking quite pleased that his younger brother was once again in trouble. "Father, all this is completely unnecessary."
David shakes his head. "Either you love and accept Tristan to or there is no more us."
John laughed "I hope you never stop."
Josh smiled at his poor husband "I'm glad you like it."
John yelped at the slap but knew he deserved it....slightly "I'm doing the right thing. I've got a kid on the way and God help me I love Sherlock. Just because I found it fast doesn't make it wrong."
“I don’t want to do this Jim.” John said as he was being lead down the hallway of the children’s hospital. “I need to be studying right now.”
Charlotte walked the streets of London a few hours more until she figured it was time to get home. The sun had set and it was best she get home before David started to worry even if that meant having to face her parents again.
John couldn't help but smile at the little boy "Permission granted solider and again Caleb you can call me Dad."
Sometimes I will admit I feel like I'm spinning out of control and rushed. But then I think I can't get worried. It's just an impression that things are moving to fast.
No that's one's the Little Dipper.
"Hullo?" John answered. He sounded like he had been sleeping.
"Why?" John said sadly.
Mycroft was waiting at the main doors with the head of security Greg Lestrade. Before Sherlock could take one foot out the door Mycroft grabbed his arm and pulled him close "Remember what we talked about. You were in here for exhaustion, saying nothing of your little hobby and keep your head down low. Don't answer any questions and head straight to the car."
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________
Now this is not to say I'm not happy because I am. Everything is going great in my life but it's just a challenge to resist the temptation.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sargent Smith nodded "Yes and I am pleased to announce that he has accepted my recommendation and has personally invited you to study under him."
You're calling me right now asking if I'm still going to show up to dinner tonight. I promise I'll be there as soon as this new chapter is done and if the fucking publisist stops calling. Don't loose faith in me I promise I'll be there.
I hope you're happy with your arrangement. I hope that your running away gives you the happiness you think it will. I know without me in your life you might actually find something better. You act like it's so simple and I hope you're right.
"For Gods sakes woman the boy is only 23 years old. Give him a break." Bruce said.
Trying to relive the tension John spoke up "Well Sherlock is always full of surprises and that why I like him."
John smiled. "I love you too."
Mike looked around the locker room to make sure they were alone "Look John, I don't know how to tell you this but....some of the lads and I have been talking and...we think it may be time for you to call this mess quits...."
"But-"
Sherlock remained silent and went back to looking out into the city. John sighed and took the hint that Sherlock didn't want to say anything. He came to stand beside him near the ledge and also began looking out.
John couldn't help but grab Sherlock's hand that was slightly trembling. "Sherlock? Look at me."
“As long as you give your formal consent. It really only matters that there is an official face from the palace, there’s no saying what face it has to be. There would be no push back if that’s what you’re worried about.”
"Stay." Sherlock said. He gestured to the other side of the table. "You'll get a better look over here."
July 10, 2015
"Engaurde! Pirate Waylon! You'll walk the plank!" Lucretia screamed as she chased her Alpha twin. True to her words she started charging at Waylon.
As said in the tags I'm going for a more "traditional" standpoint for Omega Verse in this fic so Sherlocks children call him "Mum" or "Mummy". And just like the last chapter I've listed all the kids and their secondary genders at the end. Enjoy!
John finally caught up to Sherlock and grabbed his arm "Sherlock! I have been waiting for an opportunity like this my entire life!"
"Dinner is at 19:00 hours boys. Don't be late."
Father and son smiled at each other and his second eldest Chloe aged 16, wearing a short skirt and high heels (even though her Father advised against the ensemble this morning) stepped in front of him "Chloe here sir!" She said with a sly smile holding her phone in her hand.
As Greg watched the door close he received a phone call from Mycroft. Trying to be quiet he spoke in a hushed voice "I thought we agreed to call each other once Sherlock started class."
Cynthia patted her husbands knee in a soothing manner "Now, now, I know it's a shock....but the kids are doing just fine."
Finally got the chapter up! Sorry it took so long. I was having but of a writers block but I'm hoping to be back in schedule. I haven't forgetten about this fic and I hope you enjoy this new chapter!
I know with you though no matter what happens you will never try to domesticate me. Even as the bags under your eyes grow darker and you're tense you still encourage me to go out and help Scotland Yard.
Molly's eyes were wide "You...him....the...the prince."
"This freak out has been going on for the past year! I know you've been through a lot but guess what? So have I! I was in that room with you Charlotte! My own Father threatened to kill you in front of me if we didn't bond! My father killed himself the very same day leaving me in this world alone to live with adults who can barely stand to look at me! You have parents who support and love you no matter what shit you get yourself into! I don't have that luxury! I have no parent to tell me they're proud of me, I have no Dad who's willing to hug me when I cry, I don't have a Father who tells me it's going to be alright. I have you and Tristan and that's it!"
John almost dropped a dish but grabbed it before it could shatter. "Shit...." He said quietly and cleared his throat. "Mary? What did she want?"
John looked down in embarrassment "Sorry. I'll stop shall I?"
Sherlock shrugged "Wear a high collar and avoid getting close to anyone else. Which you shouldn't be doing in the first place."
"WHAT?!" All ten children said at once.
Greg smirked "Thanks. You did well today."
John gulped at that statement. "So.....should I be worried?...."
Mycroft came to stand next to his Father. "Now no need to get angry John. It's just interesting that a lower class Omega, who's a full time student, and has a full time job would be suddenly found in the arms of a prince."
Greg then showed up and pulled the burley man away from Sherlock "I can take it from here."
Sherlock gained enough composure to turn towards John. Tears filled his eyes "John I-" another pain tore through him and he hunched over gasping.
A few hours had past and the pains were getting closer. Not bad enough to be incapacitated but enough to think he may not have as much time as he thought. There was just a few more loose ends he had to wrap up.
Sherlock wanted to give a hard push so badly so he could get it over with but did his best to follow instructions. He gave a yelp though when he felt something huge pass out of him.
Mycroft turned towards his parents "Well it seems like Sherlock was already headed for that number of offspring, I guess bonding into a family that size is a speeder and shall I say less painful way to do it."
"Greg." Sherlock said. "Do you have those files?"
John gave a sigh of defeat, he would not play her games "I'm going to my room."
It still miffed him, the restrictions on Omegas in England but at the same time the country was at the forefront for Omega rights, in some places Omegas still weren't permitted to attend school so he had to count his blessings. Still, he wanted to fight along side his mates and be permitted to do everything an Alpha could. Unfortunately that wasn't the case.
Bruce put an arm on Johns shoulder "My boy's got a good head and if any of them Alphas get any where near you, you come and find me." He gave his son a wink.
Sherlock held John tightly. He missed this side of his alpha. This gentle man was the one he fell in love with and hoped with all his heart that he would get him back because if he had to live without John he was sure he wouldn't last long.
John did not want to talk about Mary. He had been avoiding her on purpose since he moved here. She was hung up on him and he wanted nothing to do with her.
Sherlock heaved himself up from the chair he was sitting in and rubbed his pregnant stomach. He was only three short weeks away from his due date but he wished it was a lot sooner it was getting hard to do anything anymore. "Love is just an illusion! A trick I played on myself to make me believe John loved me. I don't need him or anyone! It'll just be me and the baby from now on."
Siger stood up and opened his arms and Sherlock embraced his Father. "I love you son." Siger said.
Sherlock put his hands on his hips and glared at John "Why are you defending him? You should be insulted as well! Will your father reject our baby if it's an Alpha or an Omega?!"
"Well we'll see you all in a few days." Violet said. "Goodbye."
"Christ John. He's a looney! Why would you want to be with someone like that?!" Mile said.
Sherlock sighs. It's a sigh he makes when someone is being utterly stupid. "Okay let's approach this differently, are you happy with the way things are?"
David was a bit shocked. "What are you doing here?"
______________________________________
A few days later Greg was sitting at his desk. For the past few days he had been trying to convince Mycroft to get a hold of John and for the first time in his life Mycroft declined to meddle and go as far as to say Greg should  not get involved. Prat.
"Because traditionally all female roles were played by male Omegas. Besides my tutoring session, my rules." He said smugly.
Some of the lads snickered and Andrew spoke up. "He's a hotheaded arsehole. A real know-it-all and apparently has no patience for Alphas. I have a Chem class with him and he corrects the teacher. Social outcast that one. Sorry James I have to agree with Mike pick someone else."
John looked in the mirror trying to tie his tie and repeatedly failing. Graduation was today and he knew that the past few weeks were taking a toll on Sherlock. He'd been chickening out of telling him they'd be moving a thus staying away from his husband but with a week away from needing to be in Scotland he knew he had to do it today.
Sherlock gave him a genuine confused look "Why would I do that when I have you and the driver to do it for me?" He then turned around and walked straight into the building.
Molly smiled at Sherlocks happiness. She had a crush on him but being a beta she knew deep down it would probably never work. When she found out about John though her heart was slightly broken. "Is he coming to pick you up?"
John was wide eyed in disbelief. "You do not. You're pulling my leg."
John had looked up as had everyone else to see what had happened but when he looked up he was met with a familiar pair of eyes, eyes he had not seen in years "Sherlock?" He practically whispered.
The funeral was hard for everyone.
John sat at the bar with a pout. "Oi, John cheer up!" Stephan said slapping him on his back.
John stood on his toes and kissed his lips "I hope that's not true. Whatever will we do when I want to take you in a primal way?"
Before Mike could sat anything else John stormed off.
After Sherlock and John came home he told them how Charlotte came home blitzed out of her mind. They all agreed that Tristan should get away from his irresponsible mother for the morning and David was more then willing to take the baby on an outing. Besides today was a special occasion.
Sherlock pulled away "You don't have to John." He began to turn away as if to get up.
James rolled his eyes. "Mike said any omega, so an any omega I chose. Unless John doesn't think he's Alpha enough."
Sherlock laid down on the couch thinking of the strange encounter he had with Mary. She wanted John and he couldn't shake the feeling that maybe at some point John wanted her too. He felt self-conscious, she was pretty, matched John, and currently not sporting a five month baby bump.
Caked furrowed his brows which reminded John so much of his departed omega wife. "Am I going to have to live there?"
Sherlock glared at Greg "Since when have I ever listened to you?"
Sherlock let out a sigh "That's no concern of yours, besides I have children Persephone and some of them quite dependent on me." He said gesturing to the baby on his chest. "I can't just bugger off."
John turned to see Sherlock walk from the room looking exhausted. "Oh?" John said.
"So what's his name?"
Sherlock stared wide eyed at the information but then started to giggle and his laughter grew louder.
The suit was finally presented to him. It was a very fine looking and Sherlock was right it did bring out his eyes and the navy was perfect against his slightly tan skin. The suit hugged him in all the right places. He almost didn't recognise himself he looked so good.
Siger then stepped in "Henceforth your private studies are no longer required. You are to tend University like your fellow peers and Greg will accompany you to make sure you stay on task."
John looked over at Sherlock who was staring out the window "Look Sherlock-"
"I wanted to tell them in person!" John yelled back. "Is that so hard to understand?!"
"Quiet Uncle Mycroft." Killian spoke up and threw his half eaten biscuit at his uncle.
Alvin took the cup "Thank you Master John."
"Gather around ladies!" Madam Leeves announced. She was a tall thin woman with a subtle hint of a French accent. Even though she was well into her sixties she looked quite young for her age.
"Come off it John. Just because no other man can measure up to your standards doesn't mean we can't have a laugh at your expense." Mike said.
"John!"
Persephone' wicked smile grew wider "Do you want to play deductions brother mine?"
He sat down at a table and pulled Tristan to his lap. He kissed the baby's forehead. "You know I don't have a lot of fond memories of your other Grandad but this was always the one day that was always special. There are sometimes where I miss him but now I have you don't I?"
Sherlock then noticed John's cheek. He immediately stood up and grabbed his face. "Mother." He said quietly. "I apologise for that. Are you okay?"
The case that you dragged me into was a thrilling one. Then I saw the bastard give you the pill. What other choice did I have but to shoot him?
Persephone walked down to the landing and crossed her arms "I deduce that there is a handsome Alpha that our mother is not only close too but seems to be interested."
This was not the way he wanted it to go. "No! John I didn't mean it like that!"
A knock came from the door as Richard opened the door "Master Sherlock are you ready?"
Sherlock glared and looked down at the cheesecake in the box he was carrying. He could see that the crust was starting to flake and suddenly what he brought wasn't good enough. He sniffed and stood straighter, he wiped his sweaty palms on his pants for the fifth time, drew a deep breath and knocked.
___________________________________________________
The omega looked even more annoyed then John thought possible. "Does it look like anyone is sitting here? For a young Alpha training to be in the medical field and top of his class at that to ask such a stupid question, God help the poor soul who finds themselves under your care."
"Yes, brother mine. It's been my evil plot all along to trick you into having a raging cocaine addiction which landed you in this rehab facility. Your deduction skills are as crisp as ever." Mycroft said sarcastically.
Sherlock picked up a warm spring roll. “I did not break my record today.” John smiled fondly at him and went around the table to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s thin waist.
“I can’t wait to have you back at the flat.”
John frowned. “I’m not the topic at hand here, Sherlock.” Tingles ran up John’s spine at the name that wrapped around his tongue. Sherlock liked the way John drawled it out.
Unless Sherlock was in a particularly bad strop and had to literally shut out the world.
“Don’t pretend that you’re interested in my well-being.”
“John is still a man, Sherlock, and I don’t think I have to tell you how thick we can be,” Lestrade laughed, accepting the solved case files Sherlock handed him. “I doubt he meant to hurt you.”
He had let the frustration get the better of him and took it out on the flat all in front of Sherlock. Sherlock must’ve thought,
“I’m sorry?” Sherlock repeated himself. “How- how could you-”
“What can I say? I wasn’t going to let some lunatic pull a gun on me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John shoveled in the rest of his food, glad to have a home cooked meal after eating takeaway for so long. He licked his lips clean and watched Sherlock prod at his half-eaten meal. John sighed loudly.
John looked back at Molly. “Who is he?”
Sherlock stood quietly and pressed the front of his body to John’s back. His partial erection pressed into the base of John’s spine.
“I thought you would have sniffed it out the moment you opened your eyes.”
“It explains your distracted and dazed state, but what of the rest of you?” Sherlock rubbed his palms into his eyes until he saw black spots dance across his vision. John was asking so many questions. He had so much to say and just needed to get it all out first.
“You,”
“What about needles?”
Thanks again for putting up with my slow chapter additions. I hope you like this one!
“I could fall asleep like this.”
“And I just caught you a serial killer ... more or less.” Lestrade eyed him thoughtfully for a moment.
-Animal abuse
Sherlock was the head. John was the heart.
“I thought she would never shut up.”
The morning after a particularly terrible nightmare, John had called in sick to work for the third day and padded downstairs, unshaven and undressed. Sherlock sat staring at John’s chair sipping tea dressed spectacularly as usual.
John straightened his back. “Yes.”
Sherlock cut into his fried egg and shoveled it into his mouth. He hated a cold egg and how the yolk coated the roof of his mouth. He'd much rather scald his tongue than have to eat it below body temperature.
“You’ve been sleeping day and night, and judging by the state of your dress,”
“Would you care for some company?” John stared at the other man. Sherlock seemed sincere as he watched his face through his dark lashes.
It had been almost two days since John had seen Sherlock, even at his flat. He was starting to feel stir crazy without the mysterious man. He was lucky enough today to have the day off so he could watch the other flat. John practically vibrated with excitement at the thought of seeing the other, but to no avail.
“I can’t believe it was so easy,” John scoffed. “You think I would ever touch you like this,” he commented, pressing the end of his Sig to Sherlock’s head with disgust in his eyes. “Pathetic.”
Sherlock whipped around so fast that John couldn’t stop himself from bumping into the taller man. “Rude? He’s the one who called me irksome!”
“Well,”
“You never do.”
“Mycroft may have helped me on that part.” Sherlock reeled in disgust. “But,” John continued, “he didn’t say anything other than congratulations.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything else.”
When John finally removed all three of his fingers, the emptiness he felt almost overwhelmed him, and the sadness he long fought to keep away threatened to overtake him again; but John, perfect as he was, peppered Sherlock’s sweaty back with kisses, tracing his sides with loving hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
John threw himself down, straddling Victor’s abdomen, and landed three solid punches to his mouth. Blood gushed from his gums. John couldn’t feel anything but the rage burning a hole through his chest. He yanked on his hair and knocked the back of his head into the pavement. Victor tried to fight back by throwing his body around, but John only broke his fingers and hammer-fisted his chest. The other man’s breath rushed out and left him gasping.
The man stayed like that for over twenty minutes and then some when John returned from downstairs to receive his delivery. The doctor ate his dinner in silence at the kitchen island. It was nearly half past eleven when he decided to wash up and undress, deciding to slide his gun into the bedside table in his room. He slipped into his green and white striped robe and reached over the window sill to close the windows. The man across from him continued to lay there.
John took a step toward Sherlock’s quivering body, but Sherlock spoke against it.
“I want to look at you,” Sherlock spoke in a thick baritone. His arousal was obvious in the syrupy drawl of his words. John didn’t know what to do with himself, so he turned his palms out and stood as still as he could in front of Sherlock. The detective’s eyes didn’t dart across his flesh like other times, assessing all the things he could from various parts of John’s body, but glided slowly over him. When Sherlock’s eyes dragged back to meet John’s, the doctor kicked off his shoes and worked the button of his jeans. Sherlock’s eyes didn’t stray even at the sound of John’s zipper dragging down.
“I don’t know what is going on with you, and I’m sure it’s serious enough to make you like this,” Lestrade motioned vaguely to John’s person, “but whatever it is, it doesn’t excuse your actions. I know Sherlock loves you, but I think he’s making the right choice.” Lestrade took a long sip of his beer and watched John nibble on his lower lip from over the edge of the mug.
Vomit splattered onto the hospital floor. John jumped for one of the spare bedpans under the bed. He held it up toward Sherlock’s quaking body, rubbing circles into the back of his clammy neck. Sherlock let his head loll forward. John put down the bedpan and gently lifted his head, easing him back against the bed by the shoulders. Sherlock eyed him intently.
Mrs. Hudson placed tea and biscuits on the table while Sherlock removed his coat. “I hope you’re here to explain what it was that was going on upstairs.” Mrs. Hudson had made for a good friend and even better confidant.
“We’ve only just met and we’re gonna go and look at a flat?”
“Everything they said about me. I invented Moriarty.” Sherlock’s head swam. It was so difficult to look at him, to see the fear contort his sun kissed face into confusion and pain. He glanced away to swallow hard against the rising sob in his throat. Moriarty’s cooling body grinned at the sky.
“Sherlock,” John growled firmly. Sherlock stilled. “I just want some silence.”
“Doctor John H. Watson,” he recited. The nurse smiled at him sweetly and typed away on her computer.
Sherlock ignored the voice. When he last saw him, things had not gone over well with John.
“I want to see you out of this coat.”
“Self-defense then? I’m still going to have to take a statement.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock rasped, keeping his gaze steady on the wall.
“Sherlock Holmes,” she sighed, lips pulling up in an admiring smile. “He’s just brilliant.” John eyed her.
“My blogger,”
Sherlock was still asleep half past ten in the morning. John sat in his chair and surveyed the sitting room. As much as he wanted to trust that Sherlock gave him all the narcotics in his possession, Sherlock was still an addict. John tried to spot anything that looked out of place, but Sherlock’s mess was as how it had always been. The chaos of the flat was an almost endearing trait of Sherlock’s. He had tried to tidy things in the past, but stacks of papers, files, and books still littered nearly every surface. John spent the next thirty minutes sitting there in silence, listening to the snores coming from Sherlock’s bedroom.
Lestrade picked up John’s keys from the floor where they had fallen on their stumble in and set them next to the water with a sigh. “Don’t do anything stupid, John.”
“Don’t,” John started. “We don’t have to talk about this right now.”
John’s radiance, his goodness, his ferocity was plenty intoxicating.
Mycroft looked between them, taking in the ridiculousness of his situation. The broken soldier and the drug addict. It was like a bad Tuesday night sitcom.
Other than the obvious abuse Sherlock’s face had suffered, John was looking at him at the peak of his high. He had witnessed the rise and fall, but never like this: the glazed-over distance in his gaze. Even though anger and frustration bubbled underneath his skin, he stamped it down. All he wanted to do was make sure Sherlock wasn’t dangerously injured.
The two were left alone, accompanied by the even beeps of Sherlock’s heart monitor. The detective picked up his cup of ice and swallowed some chips to ease the constant scratch in the back of his throat.
“I’m-” John stammered, “I’m sure once we get back to normal, booze will seem much less appealing.” John hiccupped and let his head roll to the side.
“No, that’s not what I’m saying.”
“All of my files had been corrupted by Moriarty’s poisonous web. I had to enter my mind palace fully focused on the task at hand, and the only way to sharpen myself was to use again.”
“What is it,” Sherlock growled in frustration. John gently touched the skin around the healed bullet wound. It had healed better than his own. The infection that had struck him did not happen to Sherlock, and John was grateful for that. He didn’t think he would be able to forgive himself for letting him got shot in the first place.
“You know the answer. You’ve got this entire flat bugged. Why don’t you tell me?”
Mary laughed to herself.
“Well, you have just killed a man.”
“So what do you think, Doctor?” John snapped back out of his head to look at her.
“Brilliant,” he whispered into Sherlock’s ear. Shivers ran up Sherlock’s spine and prickled his skin. Heat warmed his stomach.
“It’s obvious that his ex-fiancé ordered a hit on him. Now, she must’ve not known that the hitman she hired was an absolute amateur, because I can think of at least five hundred thirty-nine ways of killing and successfully disposing of a body, and this is not even a remotely successful method.”
It was a different world from the alleys he normally found himself in when he was with Sherlock; he knew his way through them, and the sound of Sherlock’s shoes pounding the pavement in front of him was grounding.
“It hurts to breathe, Sherlock. I thought you saved me when you brought me along on our first case, but there was only so much you could fix.” John took a shaky breath. “I had chalked it up to the PTSD, but every moment I stay alive, the more I want to die. It’s like a gnat that won’t leave me alone. I can ignore it sometimes, but some days, like right here,” he made a vague motion to the sofa behind him. “There’s a pull I can’t always fight.”
heart
John closed the lid and placed it on the cushion next to him. “I don’t think it is a good idea to keep it. What do you think?”
John stopped. “Sherlock?
Sorry for the time in between this update. With Hurricane Harvey and a death in the family following right after, I've been busy and not really in the mindset to write. But, I'm back now! I hope you like the new update!
“You’re a dangerous game, and I want to play along with you.” John kissed his mouth closed, running his tongue across Sherlock’s. The world around the detective was spinning. His body was free falling into John’s kiss, and he wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Sherlock,” John called out. The detective hummed. “I picked up some crisps if you’re hungry.”
He took a few minutes to calm himself. He hadn’t realized that someone’s gaze could get his heart racing like that. Of course, he was caught peeping, so there was good reason behind those icy eyes. John shook his head and turned to his new bedroom. Inside, there was a reasonably good sized bed, much bigger than his old one, and a small green chair resided in the corner. He draped his robe over the chair and lay back onto the unfamiliar mattress. It was a bit too soft, but comfortable enough for his leg. After hours of staring up into the plain cream colored ceiling, he decided that his bed option for sleep was to have himself a wank. There was no better way to break in your new place.
“I want-” He paused.
John slid his hand up the wall, gripping his cane in the other, as he made his way up the steps to his new flat. With his new position at St. Bart’s hospital and his army pension, he figured he would be able to afford a slightly bigger and more comfortable flat than the one he previously resided in. When he finally unlocked the door, he stepped in with held breath.
Sherlock turned to the other side and looked up at John through his long dark lashes.
“I’ve made you some tea,” Sherlock stated. John sat down silently in his chair. He stared into the cup and ran his pinky finger around the rim. Sherlock eyed his disheveled person. John took a sip after several silent minutes. Sherlock held his cup to his lips.
“It’s not just me anymore.” Sherlock kissed John back eagerly. They kissed for several moments before Sherlock pulled away. “Even though, I hope you are fully aware that time does not stop,”
The memory of that moment struck Sherlock in the solar plexus, and he turned away when the lack of air in the room became too suffocating. John was so cross with him as he sat there, waiting for the final battle with Moriarty. John didn’t know what he had planned then, and if he had to feign being the machine he and so many other people thought he was, then so be it. It wouldn’t be the first time that Sherlock had to put aside parts of himself to save his own image. Staring at the opposite wall from him, Sherlock realized that he would do it again and again if it meant John and his loved ones would be safe. He had to take a second to regain his composure before he spoke to John again.
“I’m sure she means well,” John smiled. Sherlock threw a look at him and stood. John quickly grabbed his elbow before he could fall over. He yanked it back with a huff.
is what Sherlock had told him when they first met, but this was no war he had ever fought. This was mental torture. There was nothing he could do in the real world that would stop what was going on in his head.
Sherlock popped a whole biscuit into his mouth. John watched him chew.
“I’m unsure.”
“That’s true. He was a bad cabbie. Should have seen the route he took us to get here!” John giggled. Sherlock smiled. The doctor seemed ten years younger, lamplights glinting off his eyes.
Sherlock stood suddenly, arms straight at his sides. “I’m not feeling well,” he stated flatly and moved toward his room.
Sherlock stared at him, dumbfounded. He rose from the tub and wrapped a towel around his waist, flicking his wet hair out of his eyes.
“Sherlock, would you look at me?”
John was gentle in his examination of Sherlock’s wounds as he patched him up. When they stepped into the hall, the blood had disappeared. Sherlock closed his eyes. John nudged his shoulder. Sherlock opened his eyes to watch a tired Redbeard limp down the hall toward him. John kissed him on the cheek. “You’re brilliant, Sherlock, just brilliant.”
That night at the pool when the two madmen squared off, John swore he could see the similarities. If Sherlock ever wanted to, he could be just as malicious. Sherlock didn’t believe in angels or demons or whatnot, and John wasn’t sure he did either, but John swears that there must be a higher power that created Sherlock to combat Moriarty. What else could it be? To have these two men exist together has to be more than just coincidence. The universe is rarely so lazy.
“Aw, what,” John chuckled.
“You do know what that kind of responsibility entails, Doctor Watson, correct?” John nodded. Mycroft huffed loudly. “Fine then, but do keep in mind that I have constant vigilance when it comes to the life of Sherlock Holmes.”
John stood between Sherlock’s knees as they kissed. The room still held the hint of Mary’s perfume, but Sherlock’s scent was what he craved the most. John paused a moment.
“How can my doctor guide my recovery when he does not care for his own wellbeing?” John’s mouth quirked. John settled on the couch while Sherlock made tea.
Any comments are taken into consideration with care and love. :)
John could see the small tooth-wide gashes in his knuckles from Victor’s mouth, and fuck, the way his skin reopened when he clenched his fist tight enough gave him cool shivers through his spine. The adrenaline left his hands shaking, but John thought every tremor was worth the trouble. His pistol was electric against his skin; aiming his sights on a target always left it feeling like a living thing, vibrating with energy.
Sherlock felt his own eyes burn with threatening tears, and he tried hard to swallow them back. John had silenced in her arms, feeling the doctor’s own loosening as well. They separated with low chuckles.
Sherlock leaned back against John’s chest with a satisfied hum and rested the back of his head in the crook of John’s neck. John rinsed off his hair with water gathered in his cupped hands.
“I certainly appreciate the effort,” John chuckled behind him. “Maybe you can make up the difference by insulting the Yard more.”
“Go on then, Sherlock. Get it, boy.” Sherlock breathed heavily; blood rushed loudly in his ears. “You always left me behind,” John sighed sadly. “You never cared that I worried when I lost sight of you.” The sadistic gleam had left John’s eyes, and Sherlock thought that maybe the data had not been completely poisoned.
Sherlock ground his teeth together. He hoped that once he was rid of that dreadful memory, his mind palace would be settled, and John would go back to calling him “brilliant” when John in reality said nothing. Oh, how he hoped things would return to normal. He was reliving the nightmarish thought that John was Moriarty when he had stepped out from the shadows at the pool, but he knew otherwise. He was certain that this was not John, but Moriarty’s venom coursing through him. Sherlock had allowed himself to fear the man he loved, thus making a weak spot in his mind palace’s structure. Moriarty would not win.
“I will consult when Lestrade notifies me regardless of my own personal health. Besides, this is just a vessel.” His hand motioned to his curled up body lazily.
The DI listened to Sherlock spout off his observations at lightning speed. “The bullet they just dug out of the wall’s from a hand gun. Kill shot over that distance from that kind of a weapon – that’s a crack shot you’re looking for, but not just a marksman- a fighter. His hands couldn’t have shaken at all, so clearly he’s acclimatized to violence. He didn’t fire until I was in immediate danger, though, so strong moral principle. You’re looking for a man probably with a history of military service.” Sherlock glances around the area and sees John watching him from behind the police tape.
“What a happy coincidence,” Lestrade sighed, blue and red lights illuminating his face. “You save the day even without Sherlock.”
“I did it for you,” Sherlock yelled. The heat on his cheekbones flared. “If I had not done it, they would have shot everyone I held dear to me. That is why I did it. I had to make sure there would be no one left to hurt you.” Sherlock panted.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, breaking his train of thought.
“Sherlock?”
And with that, Sherlock dove down again and took John’s mouth into his. He pressed his erection into John’s, and a deep moan vibrated out of John and in between Sherlock’s lips. The feel of it struck him right in his center. Sherlock pried himself away and trailed his swollen lips down John’s neck and nipped at his collarbone. John’s hips jerked up into Sherlock’s. His body searched for the sweet spot against the detective. Sherlock held John down with delicate hands before sliding down further. He inhaled the scent of sweat and soap. He laid kisses against the soft skin stretching over his hips. John’s breathing was ragged in anticipation.
“Stop it, Sherlock,” John whispered into his ear. Arousal jolted through his spine.
“How was the last batch?” Sherlock didn’t answer. “You taught me a lot of the chemistry behind making my own product, and can I just say: I’m making a killing,” Victor grinned.
Despite what Sherlock’s doctor had said, he was still released from hospital. Sherlock hailed a cab; John eased him in and slid in after. The detective certainly looked like he should have stayed in the hospital bed- gaunt and pale, but his eyes betrayed the rest of his body.
John is doing his best to make Sherlock comfortable, but revenge is the only thing on his mind.
Mrs. Hudson tsked over the state of his bedhead and talked about all the goodies she would bake for him, mostly sugar-free, now that he had a heart problem. And maybe he should give up chasing criminals for a tad?
“Do what?”
John padded down the stairs to retrieve his water and the bottle of paracetamol for his possible hangover. He had certainly sobered up, but was still feeling unsteady and sluggish as he stepped into the sitting room. John passed the kitchen and bent to get his water when he noticed that their door was closed. It was rarely closed. The front door downstairs was always locked by Mrs. Hudson before bed and by Sherlock if he made it in too late, and they both had guns and plenty of combat skill to ward off intruders, so they really had no reason to close the door…
“Obviously.” There was a hint of disappointment in his voice.
Sherlock had worried that he didn’t get enough sleeping aid in his tea.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade frowned.
He didn’t. He didn’t want to do anything now. It was so tiring to move. Why couldn’t John just let him sit there silently? Couldn’t he see that the world was spinning too fast to catch up? John sat down. He sounded tired. Was he sleeping? Sherlock couldn’t tell. He didn’t really want to look at John. John’s beautiful face would crack and split in sadness if he faced him. He didn’t want John’s face to change. Not because of him.
He had been a fool.
John yawned hard, trying not to let the woman in front of him see. She kept spouting off different symptoms, none of them really indicating an exact disease and just mostly sounding like someone who just jumped off of a medical website. John nodded and opened her file. Everything seemed normal except for the beautifully handwritten note taped to the inside of the manila folder.
“John,” Sherlock squeaked out. “Are you cross with me?”
Regardless, witnessing Sherlock’s wicked tongue was a major turn on. When it was pointed at him, well, that wasn’t so nice, but seeing Mycroft stand with a huff, adjusting his waistcoat and smoothing his immaculate pants, was certainly a pleasing sight. Shivers ran from the base of John’s skull down his spine.
John stared at the detective.
When he returned from the bathroom, he peeked over at the other flat to see Sherlock drinking tea by the kitchen sink in his dressing gown.
Sherlock and John rested in the tub together. John massaged Sherlock’s scalp gently with his expensive shampoo and carded his fingers through his hair. Sherlock rested his head on his raised knees.
“That’s Sherlock’s job,” John mumbled.
“I wouldn’t ask you to.”
, Sherlock thought to himself.
“Don’t make me repeat myself, John.” John rushed forward in three long steps. Despite their height difference, in that moment, John was the largest man in the room. His body was tense, exuding the strength of a man who was comfortable with violence.
Sherlock frowned harder. “I’m thinking about how long you are taking to touch me.” John’s grin spread ear to ear as he bent down to take Sherlock’s mouth again, lowering his knees to the sofa and straddling Sherlock’s hips. John ground his cock into Sherlock’s taut stomach. He licked his way into Sherlock’s mouth before leaning back to observe the flush high on Sherlock’s cheeks. His mouth was red and wet, and it was a rare thing to see: Sherlock’s composure broken. He had seen the smooth mask of indifference slip from is face at Baskerville and again, at his wedding. It had been the slightest change in his eyes, the sadness in which he looked at him, knowing that their time for a deeper and more intimate relationship had passed. John imagines that it was upsetting to Sherlock when he had to throw himself off Bart’s; he may not have seen his face, but Sherlock’s voice had wavered on the phone, the ball forming in his throat. John doesn’t want to think of that, though, and if he had a mind palace of his own, he would shove it away in the basement, because to him, to not be there for Sherlock when he was most vulnerable, was more painful than the gunshot to his shoulder.
When Sherlock stopped shaking enough to breathe full breaths, he sat on the bed and slid the jumper over his head. John took the duvet, wrapped it around Sherlock, and sat next to him.
Sherlock finally turned to face John with a blank face. “But you did.” John looked away. How could he look at him knowing that he disappointed him- that he hurt him?
John furrowed his brow. “Noticed what?”
people might’ve found this odd, but it was the best thing to do between them, breathing each other’s air and seeing their own reflections in the other man’s stare.
There was something magical in their handshake when they had met outside 221B that next day. He had never met a more electric man. Sherlock buzzed with contained energy, and it wasn’t until he had moved in with him that he realized that this contained man was all a ruse: he was a lightning bolt in the flat and on cases.
“I don’t think he’s in,”
Sherlock opened his mouth again, but quickly shut it when he noticed the stern glare in John’s eyes. John slid his pint toward Sherlock.
Not again.
“How’re you feeling, Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock thought back to the times he had caught John standing in his room staring blankly at the drawer that held his gun. John had simply said that he was thinking, but Sherlock thought otherwise. He didn’t mention this fact to Mrs. Hudson. She didn’t need to worry about one day going up to their flat and wondering if she was going to find John with the back of his head blown off and blood splattered across her walls. He could imagine himself holding John’s limp body in his lap, blood soaking his clothes and the rug under them, tears running down his cheeks.
His heart clenched.
“You were gonna take that damned pill, weren’t you?” Sherlock turned back to him, heart-shaped lips scowling again.
“I appreciate it.” He moved over to let the movers bring in the chair. Sherlock fidgeted with his scarf.
Maybe John was the reason why.
“No, Sherlock, please,” he murmured into Sherlock’s hair. “It’s okay.” John had a feeling that this lack of control was mostly due to the come down of Sherlock’s high, but it was quite plausible that these feelings were mostly foreign to him and more than a little frustrating for him to process.
“I observe everything. From what I observe, I deduce everything. When I've eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how mad it might seem, must be the truth. When the police are out of their depth, which is almost always, they contact me.” John’s eyes widened. It sounded so absurd, but he could see the seriousness in Sherlock’s eyes and the way he so easily spouted out what he did was convincing enough.
“I’m going for a walk. Won’t you be bored?”
“I don’t make you do anything. That’s the problem.” Sherlock held his palms out for John’s hands. The calluses on his trigger finger and heel of his palm grazed his own and sent a shudder through his shoulders. Sherlock gingerly caressed the edges of his swollen knuckles with his thumb. He brought them closer to his face so he could carefully smell how old the blood on his hands were and count the number of eight millimeter (roughly) gashes there were. Sherlock inspected the blood under his thumbnail.
“If I hadn’t called you, I would’ve killed him.”
“I’m not-“
John was an amazing man, one of the highest compliments Sherlock could possibly ever give another person. He was brilliant and not because he held a medical degree. Sherlock’s hands still shook from years of drug use, whereas John’s were solid and unsullied by needles and pipes. He held a gun steadily like it was an extension of himself, stitched his own wounds without anesthetic, and could cut off suspects mid-chase without Sherlock having to direct him to do so. Sherlock had met a lot of average and unmemorable people, but John was danger dressed in woolen jumpers, a wolf in sheep’s clothing. This unassuming man managed to make Sherlock question whether caring really wasn’t an advantage, because when John was by his side, he was the Great Detective. It was John who made the rest of the world see Sherlock’s brilliance, and even though he teased his blog numerous times, John was the reason why he hadn’t shot out every wall at the flat.
He would wake drenched in sweat and tears. Those nights he would listen to the gentle glass
Sherlock shot up into the sitting position as soon as he was certain the landlady was gone. John had folded his hands over his lap awkwardly, unsure of what to do with his hands now that they weren’t in those unruly curls.
Sherlock was the only one he cared to see again.
The image of his pale face covered in blood never left him. When he closed his eyes, the darkness was drenched in blood. John spent days without sleep; as soon as he’d shut his eyes, the sound of Sherlock’s skull hitting the pavement woke him up. He would spend the next few hours telling himself that he didn’t hear it. He couldn’t have known what it sounded like. The only time he would fall asleep was when he was on the tube or the bus, but even then he’d jerk awake when it felt like he was the one plummeting off St. Bart’s. The others tried to keep in touch with him, Molly and Lestrade visiting him on occasion, but John could see the pain in their eyes when they’d look at Sherlock’s chair. John had stopped spending time in the sitting room. The very flat reeked with Sherlock’s scent, and there was only so much he could take before he felt like he was suffocating in it. Mrs. Hudson would bring him biscuits and teas, but she’d return the next day to find them untouched by his chair. John had spent an entire day sobbing in the corner of his room when she had brought two cups. He could hear Sherlock in his head, calling him an idiot or telling him something was wrong in that beautiful baritone. Those were the better days where he could smile a little at the thought of Sherlock’s presence being so grand that it stuck with him even after death.
“I’m sorry-” A high squeal escaped from Sherlock’s tight lips as John’s fingernails dug into his sensitive skin through his trousers.
“No.” John said flatly. Sherlock’s lips pinched shut. “I don’t want to hear a peep out of you for the rest of the night.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Did he hurt you?” Sherlock’s eyes sharpened, unsure of the question. John wrapped both his hands around his. “I mean, mind palace John. Did he hurt you while you were in there?”
Redbeard opened his mouth to get a better grip on Sherlock’s arm. Alarms wailed in Sherlock’s head. He swung his leg and landed a solid kick to the dog’s side. Sherlock just managed to scramble to his feet when the gunshot struck his left shoulder. He cried out in pain.
“Like I said, I wasn’t going to let him pull a gun on me.”
John twisted his arm out of her grip and heading the opposite way of the ambulance. Mrs. Hudson climbed in with the paramedic instead.
“And nerves of steel...” Sherlock trailed off. Suddenly, he could picture John standing with his gun raised, not an ounce of trepidation as he steadied himself and fired. John stared back innocently.
Sherlock hurriedly shoved a whole spring roll in his mouth. He was actually incredibly hungry, but he was mostly trying to turn John’s interest away. John laughed and claimed his own box, immediately tucking into it. Sherlock was halfway through his spring rolls when John offered him a bite of his sesame chicken. Sherlock stared at the offered piece on the fork. John waited patiently. Maybe it was his chance to tell John that he certainly was inclined to accept his post-dinner offer. Sherlock leaned in and took the piece whole, dragging his mouth down to the tines. He finished his bite and swiped his tongue across his bottom lip. John’s mouth had fallen open. Sherlock finished his plate, licking his thumb and leaving it to linger in his mouth. John drank the last bit of his tea in one gulp and put down his mug a little too hard. Sherlock met his eyes with a suggestive lift of his eyebrow.
“This in’t the pawn, friend. If you’re lookin’ for the cheap shit, it in’t here. I suggest you leave.” John frowned. The accent in which the man spoke with sounded forced, almost what most people associate England with- just slightly comical.
“Do you want to know what we did together? Do you know how he likes it?” John grabbed his good arm and dislocated that shoulder as well.
Soft smoky tendrils swirled around Sherlock’s head. The slight burn in the back of his throat was comforting. He closed his eyes and held the cigarette with the corner of his lips.
“I am sorry that you are in this predicament.” John scoffed, keeping his back turned. “But would you not agree that this may be for the best?” John uncrossed his arms and faced Sherlock. Rage boiled under John’s skin. How dare the bastard?
Sherlock took the fork into his mouth and slid off slowly. He never let John out of his sight. The doctor swallowed hard. Sherlock took it down and licked his lips slowly with an open mouth. John dropped the fork and scared himself back to reality when it
John rolled his eyes and put it out in his already cold tea. “I’ll get you patches.” He walked into the kitchen and pulled out the breakfast that Mrs. Hudson had brought them. John began to reheat the other plate when Sherlock said he wasn’t hungry.
“Never trust a dog to carry out your work!” John kicked Redbeard’s stomach. Sherlock had to hurry. His hands wouldn’t stop trembling as he tried to unlock the door. John aligned the front sights to Sherlock’s arm and fired. The bullet went through his right forearm. He was sobbing loudly as the key clicked, and he rushed in, locking the door behind him.
Sherlock looked up from his microscope, eyeing John as he balanced a pen on his fingers. It was good to see him again, to smell the aftershave on his skin, and watch John’s emotions flit over his face. Some days were harder. John was holding onto resentment for leaving him the way he did. Every other night, he’d wake up screaming Sherlock’s name Mary told him, watching the leap off St. Bart’s all over again, just as clearly as he did a two years ago. He’d sit in bed, dizzied and unable to sleep until his dear fiancé soothed him.
Thanks again, y'all for joining me again for a new chapter. Many kisses to the lot of ya :)
Sherlock brushed the crumbs off John’s jumper and sat down. The shift of fabric over his chest gave him chills. One day he hoped that John would caress his chest just like his jumper, gentle and warm. Heat gathered in his lower belly. His eyes fluttered closed.
“The newspapers were right all along.” Sherlock’s eyes filled, and he couldn’t keep the tremor out of his voice. His heart was quickening. He thought he’d might throw up. “I want you to tell Lestrade; I want you to tell Mrs. Hudson, and Molly, in fact, tell anyone who will listen to you that I created Moriarty for my own purposes.
“What? Rut against each other behind your pregnant wife’s back?”
“You’re lucky I do not alert NSY.”
John’s cheeks pinked. “You’re a gorgeous thing to look at.” Sherlock couldn’t hide the color from his face either as he lowered his head. John busied himself with making the tea: a splash of milk (grimacing at the state of the refrigerator) in Sherlock’s while keeping his own black.
“Face it, Sherlock: you’ve never understood human nature, and you’ve never understood me. You dragged me around to help you solve cases and shoot the bad guys that got to you first.”
John greeted the other men before pausing at Sherlock’s stall. Sherlock’s heart beat rapidly. He tried his best to keep his breathing calm, but he could feel John’s presence thick in the air, predatory and intoxicating. Sherlock’s trousers were tighter across his lap with his cock half-erect. With just enough sense, Sherlock considered how pathetic he must look, waiting for John to violate him in the loo of a cheap pub. Sherlock’s breath hitched as he watched John’s feet shift with movement just as he opened the stall door and stepped in as if there wasn’t a grown man taking up a majority of its space. John had Sherlock’s coat in hand and hung it on the small hook on the back of the door, just covering the crack between the door and the frame. The coat fell just an inch away from the floor, and Sherlock thanked whoever would hear it that his favorite (and expensive) coat wasn’t subjected to the bacterially hazardous floor.
Sherlock shrugged. “What does it matter? She’s still a criminal.”
John licked his lips. “Are you sure you’re up for it?”
“Why is that?”
John didn’t open it right away, but stared at Sherlock’s soft face, trying to read something from his somber expression. When he couldn’t gather anything from him, John opened the letter.
John was not scared of many things; he had been to war after all. He was afraid of becoming like his sister, his father, and so many Watsons before him; losing Sherlock; and James Moriarty. It wasn’t the first time there was a target on John’s head, but this time, it wasn’t the thought of him dying that bother him, it was what was going to happen to Sherlock after he was gone. Would he delete him from memory like all the other information Sherlock found useless, or would he mourn the loss of his only friend? John didn’t know which he thought was worse.
Sherlock had to be stronger.
“Understand what?”
“You may be the “Great Detective” to the rest of the world,” John growled, “but with me, you’re just a posh boy who hasn’t learned the meaning of silence.” John gripped his chin roughly, pinning his cheeks against his teeth.
“I,” Sherlock choked out an octave higher than intended, throat suddenly dry. “I never thought I would hear that from you.”
Maybe they shouldn’t have tried to pursue something more than the friendship they already had. John was pushing Sherlock into something he wasn’t entirely ready for. Maybe the best thing to do was to take a step back and reestablish their broken friendship. John let his eyes flutter closed against the bright lights of the hospital, not yet ready to take on whatever waited for him with Sherlock.
“I hope you don’t plan to do any consulting for the next couple of days. You need to fully recuperate.” Sherlock closed his eyes and tried to settle his swirling stomach. John thought that he had fallen asleep when he finally answered with a shake of his head.
“The other kids in primary used to call me a freak. As I grew older and my knowledge expanded, the word was said with more venom by my colleagues.” John recalled the banker he had spoken to years ago. He had sat back in his chair and thought the world of himself while Sherlock searched for clues. Anger flared in John’s chest at the memory.
“God, Sherlock!” Sherlock leaned away from John’s sudden anger. John fisted the duvet with his eyes squeezed shut. “It’s not that bloody hard to understand! I never bother you when you want to spend hours in your head. Why can’t you do the same for me?” Sherlock blinked hard once, unsure if he was imagining John’s irritation. He didn’t remember walking into his mind palace.
He snapped the gun up to the center of John’s eyebrows. John’s skin pressed under the muzzle.
Sherlock had his eyes squeezed shut. His brain couldn’t process everything he was feeling; every sensation blurring into a haze of pleasure. Flames covered his skin. He bucked up when John kissed his skin right above the waist of his trousers. John quickly undid his belt and slid off his trousers, Sherlock lifting his hips. John whipped them off and pressed his hands into the dip of Sherlock’s pelvis. The head of his cock was already glistening with pre-come. John kissed the crease between his thigh and hip. Sherlock was trying to catch his breath when John swallowed him down to the base, nose nestled in the soft thatch of dark hair. Sherlock arched off the bed with a sudden gasp. John eased him with his hands back down on the mattress.
“Can you swallow, Sherlock?” When Sherlock didn’t answer, John kneeled beside him again and placed an aspirin tablet under his tongue.
The sharp inhale John took had Sherlock’s heart skip. John stepped closer, fingers hovering over his back.
“Things will get better,”
“Who said anything about pretending?” John’s nostrils flared a tad, but he straightened his back and put on his military show.
John couldn’t see Sherlock anymore. All he saw were the darkening bruises and the raised slashes across Sherlock’s beautiful skin. Sherlock stared at his own feet. He wanted to know who had done this to him, but John couldn’t speak.
With some toast and two cups of tea in him, John felt a tad less drunk. It had really started to wear off the moment Mrs. Hudson pointed a gun at them. John held the cup in both hands as he stared at the tea remnants at the bottom. Sherlock sat across from him with his head hanging on the back of his chair, arms limp over the sides. His legs were extended far into where John’s feet would normally be. John kept his tucked close to the chair.
“Cocaine-induced acute myocardial infarction,” he had explained, “most likely caused by very recent cocaine use. We gave him a benzodiazepine to reverse the cocaine’s systemic effects and nitroglycerin to aid in reducing vasoconstrictive properties. We’d like to hold him for the next forty-eight hours for recovery and observation. He will feel much better come morning.” They shook hands. “He’s quite lucky to have been brought in so soon.”
John stared at his friend. God, he wished he could tell Lestrade everything that had happened to Sherlock, but it wasn’t that easy. John needed to take back the dignity and confidence Sherlock lost with that fucker. Sherlock may be able to feign his apathetic confidence, but John knows that it’s not truly there. Not in the way Sherlock holds himself against John’s body, or the way he hides his tears. Sherlock may not be in touch with his emotions enough to reveal them out in the open, but John could tell when something was upsetting Sherlock. It took him a few years to figure it out. All those times ignoring the sad smiles and longing glances made him hyperaware of nearly every change in Sherlock’s face and demeanor. He needed Sherlock to feel like his regular self, and he was willing to do everything in his power to make it happen.
John left his gun lying on the cleaning rag on his bed as he went to bathe and change. Finally into a pair of dark jeans and his beige jumper, he reloaded his gun and slid it into the back of his pants. John limped into the kitchen, glanced over into the other flat to still find it empty, and proceeded to make himself tea.
“If there is anything you need,”
He picked up his mobile, wrapping his scarf around his neck. “Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it.”
One last twist of his wrist around the head of Sherlock’s cock had the taller man hollering John’s name into the silence of the flat. John soothed the fresh bite mark with gentle swirls of his tongue.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, “will you marry me?”
He had woken in the early hours of the morning to the flash of desert suns and bloodied guns, and as his heart pounded against his chest, he thought that maybe seeing Sherlock today would ease him. People always disappointed him in the end.
John shook his head. The world swirled around his head. Sherlock’s form was dark and blurry through the tears threatening to spill over. “No. Don’t.”
Sherlock wrapped the belt around his bicep and tightened it with his teeth. The state of his veins may not be the best, but he had some that could still withstand the cocaine. He stuck the needle into the vial and pulled the plunger back. Tightening his fist, he took a deep breath, opened his palm, and pressed the needle in. The sharp pinch hardly bothered him anymore. He pulled back, drawing blood in, and pushed, releasing the belt. A slight burn crawled up his arm and spread across his skin. He recapped the syringe and laid back on the bed, vision tunneling.
“I,” John began awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck. “I was worried.”
Things get hella steamy
For the next few moments, Sherlock simply breathed, fingers hesitating over his skin. Touching John was never this difficult in the past, but this was different; his own skin felt feverish, and Sherlock worried that John could tell that he had used again. Sherlock pressed his fingers into John’s gnarled scar, feeling where the bullet shredded through the thick muscle underneath.
Again, many, many apologies for being a procrastinating asshat. Hope you enjoyed the filth. Let me know if there are any issues or misspellings or things along the lines. Comment here or hit me up on Tumblr.
“Sit down, Sherlock, or I’ll tell your blogger of our little history together.”
John ignored Sherlock’s whining and entered through the lab door. He knew that all the labs were nearly identical, but this one was definitely special. Sherlock immediately went to his regularly used microscope like it had its own gravitational pull.
A knock sounded at the door before Sarah peeked her head in.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don’t be thick, Gavin. It was clearly the mistress judging by the ligature marks on the wrists. Mr. Dursley was an active participant in the BDSM community and got into something he wasn’t quite ready for. I wouldn’t be surprised if you found his mistress bawling her eyes out at his flat. You can call us in tomorrow once you make the arrest.”
John smiled in pleasant surprise to see that Sherlock had cleaned his plate before he had even gotten midway. Sherlock eyed him hungrily.
Lestrade rolled his eyes impossibly hard despite the growing smirk playing at the corner of his mouth. “You’re acting like a child, Sherlock,” he jabbed. Sherlock’s mouth opened in angry retort, but closed it as soon as John cleared his throat in warning.
“Sherlock, wait.” He stopped and held onto the doorknob. “I don’t know why I keep hurting you. I can’t seem to stop myself from doing or saying things that hurt you. I don’t mean to, which I don’t know if it makes it worse, but I want to make things better.” Sherlock’s grip tightened as he lowered his head.
John had to be the soldier Sherlock needed.
“I think if you walk out now, we won’t get anywhere, so let’s try just getting something out, yeah?” Sherlock’s eyes had softened now. He was unsure, and like most things he was unsure of, he wanted nothing to do with it. John took a seat again and left Sherlock to stand by the window like a moody raven.
“Let me do this!” John was taken aback by Sherlock’s sudden anger, but stopped nonetheless.
John leaned against the table in the kitchen as Sherlock pulled boxes from the bags. “Being predictable isn’t always a bad thing.”
“Oi,” the man called. “You look familiar.”
John stared at Sherlock in disbelief. He thought that maybe Sherlock had been assaulted, but this wasn’t that, just a cocaine-induced disaster. It didn’t make it hurt any less though.
John faced the kitchen, heart thrumming. “I won’t be the man that you think I am.”
. His trigger hand shook at his side. He itched the have his gun in his hand, because he was ready to kill the person that dared touch Sherlock like that.
“John is here.”
“I know,” he began, glancing to the floor.
But all of those thoughts had died away into ash.
“Why are you being so rude to Lestrade?” John called after Sherlock.
“Right. Let’s get you out of this coat.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” she sighed sadly into his palm.
John paused and looked back at Sherlock. The detective looked him up and down before giving a small nod.
John leaned down to kiss his jaw and patted his thigh. “Let me get this hand cleaned. Just stay there.” Right when he moved to stand, Sherlock gripped his wrist tightly and pulled him close. He took John’s hand and licked a filthy stripe over his palm. John shuddered, but it was too soon for him to get hard again. He would just have to settle for the sight of Sherlock licking his hand clean.
“Because you’re an idiot.” Sherlock smiled. It had been so long since he’s had someone understand the madness behind his actions, even if John wasn’t up to his own intellectual standards, he was still mighty clever. Sherlock noticed that he was still smiling to himself and immediately shoved his smile down.
Papers and books were strewn across the floor. A skull rested upside down on the couch. Sherlock was nowhere to be found, but John just had to make sure. He climbed a narrow set of stairs into an empty bedroom. Mounds of folders occupied the bed. Back downstairs, he looked past the kitchen and noticed a door slightly ajar. Kitten heels
John stared at the other man for two more seconds before leaving Sherlock in the sitting room to reenter the kitchen. Sherlock was left wide-eyed.
“Then what is it?”
John opened his mouth to say something, but Sherlock never heard it. The bullet had pierced the same shoulder John had been shot in back in Afghanistan. John’s hand faltered, and the gun fell to the floor. Blood spread across John’s long-sleeve. John reached for his shoulder with shaky fingers, eyes glazing over. Sherlock tucked the Sig in the back of his trousers and hurriedly took the paper. John continued to stand there frozen as Sherlock took another lighter from the hidden stash in the drawer and burned the last bit. He cautiously approached John.
He was a sight to see. Hard and tanned from his many years in the military, but soft around the middle from his injury and age, John was brilliant. Sherlock pressed his hands to John’s chest, splaying his fingers to touch as much skin as possible. John watched Sherlock’s eyes scan his body like a computer. Sherlock leaned in and kissed the scar on his shoulder. John stiffened against him. No one had ever touched him there. This was actually the first time he had his shirt off in years, especially with a partner. Sherlock kissed up his shoulder and back across his neck. He nibbled John’s jaw, sucking a red mark onto his skin. There would be a lovely bruise there in the morning. The thought of having everyone see it sent a bolt of excitement straight to Sherlock’s chest. John reached back down and pressed the pads of his fingers between Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
Before John married an assassin.
Sherlock’s anger flared. “I do not understand what it is that makes you think you could have stopped this.”
John sat back against the sofa. He had allowed Sherlock to lose himself in thought again. He swore at himself. The whole point of them being physical was to get closer to one another and enter another stage in their relationship, but they only managed to worsen the distance. All he wanted to do was give himself to Sherlock, but how could he when the other man wasn’t receptive. Was he overstepping unspoken boundaries? Sherlock wasn’t exactly well-versed in expressing himself, so how could John possibly know what it was that was bothering him? Anger fisted John’s hands. Sherlock wasn’t telling him anything, and yet, it seemed like it was John who was to blame for their stagnant relationship. He was trying to move on from Mary, but Sherlock was being more difficult than usual. John could deal with Sherlock’s black moods when he was in withdrawal, and even the ones he had during the first couple of years living together, but this kind of behavior during an intimate moment was going to cause them problems that John never thought they would have. John knew that he couldn’t view their relationship through rose-colored glasses, but he had hoped that things would get easier once they managed to integrate each other into their lives once again.
“Call emergency!” The landlady burst in and covered her mouth, feet confused as to what to do. “Call emergency,” he repeated and replaced his gun.
“Yes, of course I’m all right.”
Sherlock let out a long held breath and finally met John’s overly worried face.
Victor dropped his hand. “Hm, I suppose you’re not actually here to try the best cocaine in the area. Well, what can I do you for then, brother? Any friend of Sherlock’s,” Victor’s grin grew into a vile sneer, “is a friend of mine.”
“You’ve been recently released from hospital. Just listening to your verbal sparring is tiring.”
“Just do as I ask. Please.”
John took to the kitchen while Sherlock occupied the couch. He had removed his woolen coat and scarf and draped his jacket over the arm of the couch. He leaned back and rested his head. John tinkered in the kitchen, setting the water to boil while he gathered the mugs. After several moments, he brought over their tea and sat next to Sherlock.
“If you admit me again, I will just insult the staff, and you will be forced to deal with finding another center.”
“Oh,” was all Sherlock could muster. John looked at his shoes. Sherlock looked at the IV in his hand for a moment before speaking again.
“Should we start over?” Sherlock held his lips in front of John’s.
.” Moriarty had snarled.
The flat was cleaner than he last remembered and his armchair was gone. He blinked the haziness out of his eyes and stood. Across from him, the wall around the mantelpiece had patches of wallpaper missing. John felt exhausted as he walked over to investigate. He traced the thin holes in the wall. The letter opener, normally piercing several letters to the mantel, was lying at the edge. The memory hit him like a bullet to the head and shame washed over him.
“Good afternoon,” she cheered. “Can I help you with something?”
“I don’t want you to make it up to me,” Sherlock barked, finally facing John’s tired face. “I want you to never say that word to me again. Learn from this error, John, as I will not allow it to happen again.” Sherlock’s firm voice took John by surprise. Sherlock was more sensitive, but this wasn’t what he expected. He forced himself out of bed to calm a possibly teary-eyed Sherlock, but this cold-stare man was what he got.
TOODLES
John slid his tongue into Sherlock’s parted lips and was glad that Sherlock had the same idea. Their tongues danced together, sugar and tea sweetening their mouths. Sherlock pressed forward. John’s lower back pushed against the edge of the counter. He could feel Sherlock’s hardening erection against his hip. All Sherlock could hear was the sound of John’s breathing mixed with his own. He could feel it against his face every now and then when the good doctor remembered to breathe.
Kisses!!!!
“You’re going to regret the day you ever met Sherlock Holmes.” John punctuated his sentence with a hand to Victor’s throat. John gathered himself and Victor up to their feet and held him against the brick.
“It comes with the job.” Sherlock leaned into his lips again. It felt only right. After a moment, he frowned against the blond man’s mouth.
He stood quietly from the bed, facing away from John. Tension dug into his shoulders. After spending so many years hearing that word, it never lost its bite.
Perfect through and through.
Sherlock lifted his head out the water, gulping in air as quickly as he could, before patting his face dry. He went into his bedroom to pull on a clean pair of bottoms and returned to the sitting room. Sherlock was about to reach for John’s laptop when he noticed a note on the coffee table.
“So, the shooter- no sign?”
“Absolutely.”
The muzzle of John’s handgun aimed at the center of Sherlock’s forehead. A scowl twisted John’s mouth.
“Then what can I help you with?”
“I was telling Lestrade how much I love the way your hands speak more than your mouth; how beautiful your hands look as they move.” John took Sherlock’s hand and pressed his lips to his palm just below the calluses from years of playing the violin. Sherlock glanced around anxiously. He didn’t care if his relationship with John was made public; he just didn’t want the world to see John this way. Only he was allowed to see the gentle side of his captain.
“Can’t your brother visit you for more than a few moments,” Mycroft bit back.
“We’re here, mate,” the cabbie called. John handed him some bills and exited the cab. John had originally thought to go to the address that was tied to the number, but owners change, and the last thing he wanted to do knock down the door of some scared family. He had asked to be dropped off some ways away from the alleyway where Lestrade had found Sherlock high and emaciated. John stuffed his hands into his coat pockets and headed for the darkness he knew he would throw himself into head-first.
John rushed to Sherlock’s side and enveloped him tightly. Sherlock tucked his face into the crook of John’s neck. John needed Sherlock to know that he wasn’t mad or upset with him, that he would be there to help him sort things through. John smoothed Sherlock’s unruly hair.
Sherlock turned on the water faucet as hot as it would go, watching the tub fill, wisps of steam rising up and moistening the tile around. He removed his clothing and stepped in. The heat reddened his skin and was uncomfortable around his more delicate spots, but he submerged himself fully despite the pain. He kept his eyes shut underneath the water. He never imagined hearing that word come out of John’s mouth. Moriarty had never called him that despite his many flaws.
“I just thought I would stop by. See how the cases are going. Shouldn’t you be at the surgery?”
Mrs. Hudson did not attempt to hide her glare when he entered the room and stood opposite from her on the other side of a sleeping Sherlock. John pushed back Sherlock’s loose curls from his forehead and caressed his temple. The doctor came in quietly.
“You killed my dog!” Sherlock screamed, gun shaking in his grip.
, John thought. Had John decided to give him a chance, maybe he would have landed a couple of licks, but those who put their hands on Sherlock didn’t deserve a chance. As soon as someone is able to lay a hand on the detective, John knows that they are certainly worthy of getting the dog shit kicked out of them.
Sherlock smiled and gently kisses John's lips. "I thought you'd never ask."
"Dad!" Connor said at the same time.
John thought for a second. While he knew it was his duty he also knew if he didn’t get at least some of his assignments in he could kiss his hard earned degree goodbye.
John nodded "Thanks. Well yeah, I've just gotten back here and it's been nice. You're right though it's been a tough move trying to move the family here."
Mike rolled his eyes "Well you can't be too serious right? Just a fling to get off by?"
He rolled his eyes "No."
John became angry at those words "I'm right here and you better watch what you say about me." He says as he clenched his fists.
Is this because you're disappointed that I'll be back on tour for the summer? Or is it because you and I both thought this would be easier then it is. Just please talk to me.
Sherlock seemed unfazed by the silence and the passive aggressive states of his family. John didn't know what he expected from the royal family but this was definitely different from the loud, boisterous Watson clan.
Sherlock received a text and groaned. "We have bigger problems then that."
The Schmuel Song.
John though couldn't see him dating anyone anytime soon. He was too busy with his career and besides not many Omegas were chomping at the bit to sack themselves up with an army Captain who had eight children all varying in ages from 17 to 4. Still he couldn't help but think what it would be like to give his children a proper mother to balance out their stubborn Alpha father.
Mycroft stood up "I'm sure you'll find something. After all you have the highest recommendation."
Mike flinched John never used his full name unless he was upset "I know that but if it's this bad now how do you think it's going to be when the kid comes? All of us now that your marriage is going to fail one way or another, wouldn't it be better if it was on your own terms? Preferably before the kid showed up and all new responsibilities come?"
John dug his fist into his trousers so realise do of his anger. "Forgive me for speaking out of turn your majesty but we are no longer living in the dark ages. Omegas can strive to do whatever they want."
"Please just one-"
Sherlock broke out in sobs "I had a plan! I was supposed to ease into this, go to the hospital, have an epidural, it wasn't supposed to be like this! I wrote it down and everything!"
John walked over to where Sherlock was sitting and kissed him "Hello love." He said and rubbed his belly.
Sherlock smiled after the quick peck. "I'll hold you to that promise."
Dinner went surprisingly smoothly. Not many people questioned John but it was a novelty to see Sherlock bring someone to dinner much less an Alpha.
Two hours later Charlotte really did start to get used to the taste of alcohol. She played drinking games and even took a few shots. The world was spinning and it felt good. There was a feeling of nothingness but sweet nothingness.
Sherlock looked to John but straightened himself up "I have nothing but the best intentions for your son." He put his hand over his heart which was a very old fashion of a sign of respect to the Alpha of the household. "Your son means the world to me. However far this relationship will go will be completely up to John. Whatever capacity he'll have me I will gladly take." He then turned to John. "I want him to do everything he wants. Become a doctor for the army, travel, anything he wants I want to be the one cheering him on. I'm lucky enough to be the one he deems worthy to be in his presence and that is more then I could ever hope for."
Sherlock started rummaging through the drawers until he found John's pyjamas and threw them at him "Feel free to sleep on the couch tonight!"
John read over the same line again "It's not making sense Sherlock. I'm never going to get it. I might as well drop out of class, go back to living with my parents, and die." He then threw himself on the stage with the script covering his face.
"Why are you so sad?" He asked.
"Oh thank God!" John says all to quickly think that Sherlock is talking about getting rid of it. He can see the confusion in Sherlock's eyes at his response so he tries to quickly recover. "I mean if that's what you want. It's your body and whatever you feel is right you should do." John can feel the glimmer of hope that he'll be able to get out of the mess scot free. Two college students with a baby? What a ridiculous thought.
John took his finger and gently rubbed the underside of the baby's foot "He's so perfect love."
One he knew the guards schedules though he devised a plan to sneak out dressed in disguise. He dresses as a butler and was able to get a hold of some make up to make himself look older and put a hat over his head. He quickly snuck out the back gate then hailed a cab to take him to Johns house.
John lowered his head a bit to catch the omegas eye. "What do they usually say?"
Siger smiled taking the frame from John's hand giving a smile as if he was re-watching the memory. "Yes, he was only about two years old there. He was such a mischievous little runt. The apple of his mother's and my eye though. Even if he does things that we don't agree with he will always be this baby boy."
--------------------------------
John sighed "Sherlock and I had a fight, and before you say it was just a fight, it wasn't. It was like....an actual fight. Nothing physical but it was pretty bad."
His parents stared at the couple for a silent second then his mother fainted.
What Sherlock says in French "No, you are a liar! Fuck you! Watch your balls because I'm going to cut them off tonight."
John paced the stage like he did everyday for the past week. It seemed stupid. Sherlock hadn't talked to his at all and it was probably his Da's fault. Although he was grateful that he kept guard over him during his heat he made sure he knew it was not okay to threaten his boyfriend like that.
"Yes, thank you."
The drive seemed like forever and then finally the cab pulled up to a quaint looking house with a small garden out front. He was glad he didn't delete Johns address from his mind palace as he paid the cabbie for the ride.
John was the first to hug her. "Take care of yourself princess. If you need anything, anything at all call us. I love you so much and I'm proud of you."
Sherlock embraced the feeling. The electrocution going through his body was more then he thought he could handle yet he never wanted it to end. Only when he needed to breathe did he pull them apart. Once he did he stared in Johns eyes and all the sudden the horror at what he just did over took him "I'm....I'm so sorry." He began to push John away and stared to walk off the stage.
"Yes, ma'am." Richard said as he bowed and walked away.
The Watson's all stared at each other then Sherlock walked up. "I realise this is a shock. But maybe to soften the blow you'd like to get to know my family and I better? I just texted my Father to set up a lunch for us all if you care to join?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked offended "I didn't guess. I never guess. I observed. Everyone has tells, things about them that tells me what I need to know. For example you are well kept and groomed, so someone who works in a sterile environment constantly hence the medical field. You have very good posture and rather defining muscle tone so someone who would have military experience but not enough to be in the proper ranking of the military, so ROTC program. You seem a little uncomfortable being out and about which wouldn't happen if you grew up around here or had your parents close by so far from home and finally the way your friends have been taking turns staring at us to see what's going on and the way they look at you tells me that you're a leader of sorts, so someone who is trust worthy and loyal and given your fields of study also top of your class." Sherlock grinned at John.
"For the last time I was not on drugs!" Sherlock said loosing some of his patience. John looked sceptically at Sherlock. Who was this person carrying his child?
“Caleb!” John shouted. “That’s not very nice.”
John's heart clenched at the guilt. He vowed himself he would tell Sherlock of their move after graduation "Thank you love." With one last look at himself in the mirror he dignified himself 'good enough' and held out his arm to Sherlock. "Shall we?"
"18 children Sherlock?" Siger said.
_________________________________________________
Sherlock nodded "Apparently it was Omegas only and that's why you weren't invited. I wish you were I could have used you to hide behind. I've never been..." Sherlock shuttered at memory "touched and coddled so much. I also found I hate the term 'you're glowing', it's just a nice way of saying I'm fat and sweaty."
John rolled his eyes in frustration as he saw Sherlock huff his way into their bedroom "Sherlock!" He cried after him and followed him into the room "Sherlock! Can we please be adults about this?!"
Sherlock was over come by emotion and lifted John off the ground so the Omegas legs were wrapped around his waist. The kisses they gave each other were desperate and rough. It was absolutely wonderful. Sherlock pulled back just a little. "You sure about this John?"
Sherlock nodded "Yes, I have."
John smirked at Sherlock. This was going a lot better then expected.
Sherlock walked over to David. "I'm not one for sentiment but...I'm glad my grandson has one responsible parent."
For the next week John tried to approach Sherlock but he was no where to be found. He even tried to knock on his door but either Sherlock wasn't there or he was purposely ignoring him, either way it was disheartening.
"Your highness?" Greg called. "Sorry to make you hurry but you do have a meeting in the morning."
"John stop." Sherlock says. "You're giving me a headache." He's very nonchalant.
As Sherlocks mother walked him up the aisle she stopped right before she got to the alter "Are you sure you don't want me to hold Christopher during the ceremony?"
Sherlock looked puzzled "Why on earth would we be?"
Zachary nodded "Yes! Your marriage is one thing but bringing a baby into it is entirely another."
Sorry about the long wait. The holidays are crazy. Hopefully you like this chapter!
John straightened his back "Very well your majesty. I am in the top of my classes."
I am so sorry this took so long. Even though I know how I want this story to go I had a hard time trying to write it down. In summary, major writers block. I hope to be back updating this fic regularly as I can't stand it when fics are abandoned and not finished. I appreciate your patience!
John jumped at the shouting as he pulled back on his jumper. He was quiet as he took it all in.
Siger gave Sherlock a questioning look as Sherlock looked sceptically at the woman "Yes." He simply said.
An uncomfortable silence befell all three of them then Siger spoke up "Sherlock, I'd like to apologise for your Mothers behaviour. I want you to know that her and I were both shocked and confused. You barely know this boy. Hiding your pregnancy and then getting married in secret hurt us. All that anger and hurt aside though....I'd like to be apart of your lives."
Sherlock watched as John grabbed his coat and left. Sherlock pushed his hand through his hair trying to get his feelings under control.
They sat on the roof of St. Barts on a blanket. "It's hard to believe that it was just six months ago that you first took me here." John said.
John felt extremely uncomfortable "I'm sorry. We don't have to talk about this if you don't want to."
Sherlock was tired of having this argument with Greg "-it was the right thing to do! We couldn't bloody well stay married for the rest of our lives!"
"Siger! I wouldn't be so upset if the boy talked to us! You never communicate with us! First you run around risking you life on these wild goose chases then you scare us to death with your drug use-"
"No I won't! Give us another chance Sherlock! Let's be a family. I'm sorry for everything! I want to be with you for the rest of my life, I want to grow old with you, I want to come home and see your face every day, if you want to stay in London I'll do that to! Whatever it take for you to take me back."
Sherlock became nervous again. "I....uh....find you appealing John. But I have a country to run.....and you have your medical licence to obtain. No matter how much I care for you, you will eventually leave me."
Mike didn't look convinced "We were only having a bit of a laugh."
"Well he obviously must be intelligent to be where he is and come from the background he does." Mycroft said.
I get down on one knee and pull out a ring box.
My wonderful detective was the first one they called.
The omega looked at his hand and shook it. "Sherlock Holmes."
Greg nodded to Sherlock "Yeah I should know by now that you and your progeny are one in the same." Greg gave a small smile "Well anyways before I let you on anymore cases you have to do paperwork. I mean it. The higher ups will have both our heads if you don't."
John stood silently. Jesus, this family fawned over Sherlock and loved him dearly. Sherlock wasn't kidding when he said that his family was going to kill him once they found out about the baby. He was scared to find out though.
At the challenge John leaned in and narrowed his eyes. "Try me."
"Yes, sir. Although I do miss the quiet of the country."
I can work on my half of this relationship as well. With you I'm able to admit for once in my life I am wrong and you are not the only one at fault here.
“It hurts less than it did in the desert.” John’s eyes were teary when he looked at him. Sherlock crumpled to the floor. John knelt beside him and held his hand.
He and John had sat there in silence for what felt like hours. Sherlock thought that maybe John had fallen asleep at the table, and he could hole himself up in his room for the rest of the weekend, but the moment Sherlock looked like he was about to move, John stood.
John and Sherlock begin anew in 221B.
The pinprick jolted him awake. John poked his head out of the kitchen.
He had to make it right.
“You’re everything I have dreamt about.”
John’s cock twitched in his jeans. He swallowed hard and kept his eyes forward. “How about a shower first?”
“Sorry,” Sherlock said at her. John cleared his throat again as they walked away from Donovan.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted.
, John thought bitterly in bed one night.
“You are a filthy man, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock stood in a familiar alley with his face upturned into the rain, letting it wash away the blood but none of the shame. The insistent throbbing was painful, and the water always seemed to land right in one of the cuts on his face. It had been many years since he stood in this place, and he had hoped that someone new was running it, but he knew better.
Sherlock gazed down at John, hoping that in that final look, he might see the adoration in his eyes. He lowered his arm, dropped the phone onto the roof, and stared ahead of himself. He didn’t think he could see John’s face when he did it. There would be no way he could take the step while looking at him; he would never get John’s horrified face out of his head.
“Sherlock,” John sighed. “I am so sorry. I am such an idiot.” He pressed his palm to Sherlock’s warm skin. “You shouldn’t have gone through this alone,” he said over his flesh.
Unfortunately, John didn’t have any food in his new flat, so as he ordered takeaway, his eyes drifted out the window once more.
“Good shot,” Sherlock said quietly to his flatmate.
Folded into fours, the file had a timestamp and a description of the memory, but Sherlock didn’t need assistance to recall it. The coppery scent of blood stung his nose. He could feel John’s knuckles crash into his face. Sherlock went around and opened the bottom drawer. His cigarettes and lighters were nestled in the corner. He stuck a cigarette in his mouth, lit it, and flicked the lighter again at the corner of the memory. The door came crashing down with John on it. He was disheveled and sweaty when he stood. Sherlock held the burning file between his fingers as he blew a stream of smoke out from the side of his mouth.
"Are you feeling okay?" Sherlock felt his eyes slide to John's face. His mouth was dry so he didn't try to speak, but he wanted to tell him that he was fine now that John was with him.
“I think not.”
“What happened, Sherlock?” John removed his fingers and sat next to him. Sherlock moved away from his warm touch. The sun had left his skin burning and feeling blistered. John tried to hide his frown, but Sherlock’s behavior had taken a total one-eighty. He had lost him the moment he had touched his scar, mumbling about the heat and the pain in his chest. John tried his best to snap him out of whatever thought he had delved into without touching him and adding to the flurry in his mind, but the straining muscles in Sherlock’s neck forced his hand. The moment John placed his palms against Sherlock’s cheeks, the faraway look in his eyes sharpened.
“I hope you’re taking care of yourself then, Sherlock,” one of the officers said.
“Nonetheless, I had gotten accustomed to it, where even Sally Donovan’s use of it was not bothersome; but after my return, she had not really used it in my presence, and even though she may not have meant it in consideration, I appreciated it. I had thought that maybe I had finally proved to everyone that my intellect was nothing to fear. When I had met you, you were initially impressed by my deduction skills, so I never thought that I would hear that word from you.”
“Has the novelty worn off, Sherlock? Now that you’ve had to sacrifice parts of yourself for me.”
“Your patience is truly enviable,” John chuckled sarcastically.
“Little brother,” he began just as John and the nurse came back with another cup of ice and towels. “It isn’t spying if you’ve both got the windows open while you hand yourselves.” The nurse paused a moment before turning back to the floor with quickened movements. John’s ears burned.
“I’m going to ask again: what is it that you’re looking for?” John let his gaze fall on Sherlock’s broad shoulders, steady despite the quick and angry movements of his head and hands.
John switched his phone to silent and put it back into his pocket, grabbed the duvet, and went back out into the sitting room. Sherlock was placing the cleared dishes into the sink and stood at the entrance of the kitchen looking sickly pale against his deeply colored bruising and marks. John laid the duvet on the couch and held his arms out for Sherlock. The taller man looked shy as he walked into his open arms, wrapping his own around his torso. John kissed his face as softly as he could, breath ghosting past the worst breaks in his skin, and held Sherlock close to him. Sherlock’s curls smelled wonderful against John’s neck as he stroked the back of his head. John swore he could hear Sherlock sniffling, but rather than point it out, he left the other man alone to not embarrass him. John slowly eased themselves to the couch and wrapped Sherlock loosely in the covers. John was looking for the remote to the tele when a familiar voice greeted Mrs. Hudson downstairs, followed by quick footsteps up to their door.
Most of Sherlock's past wounds had visible scars, but there was one that still gaped fresh and burning even into his adult years. Sherlock never once thought that it would happen. He had lived with that word all his life, but never could imagine John saying it to him. In the early stages of their friendship, he had dreaded the moment it would come out; a reminder to Sherlock that John was just like everyone else, but when it never came, he thought that it never would.
Sherlock turned to John, realizing he was sitting hunched in on himself like a scared child. He pushed back the thoughts and rose to his feet. John stared at Sherlock’s lithe figure, almost predatory in the warm glow of the lamps. Sherlock stood with his hips forward and stomach slightly concave with a razor-edge gaze. The sudden shift from soft to…
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but the small smile on John’s face stopped him. He clamped his mouth shut, and lifted his chin, reverting back to his haughty nature. John took notice.
“Look, I know this must be incredibly odd: two men living together only after one suffers from cocaine overdose and the other has been invalided home from the battlefield and wanking to each other in front of their windows.” John chuckled at the ridiculousness of it all. “But I think we can do this-” He waved his around. “This whole domestic business.”
“I’ve not seen him enough lately to tell you what I think,” she blew on her tea. “But it has never struck me that John would be the destructive kind of angry.”
“We’ll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o’clock. Sorry – gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
Sherlock kissed his way up to the tip of John’s cock, gently caressing his lower lip below the head. He settled a wet kiss to the crown before wrapping his firm lips around the shorter man. Sherlock slipped his tongue in the slit. John lifted himself on his elbows to admire the mop of black curls that bobbed up and down with every slide of Sherlock’s tongue. The other man’s smart mouth was bringing John to the brink.
John smirked. “Maybe they are.” Sherlock shook his head. How he hated John’s steadiness.
The breath in John’s chest froze. He hadn’t noticed when Sherlock stood. He’d been so focused on his face.
“What?”
to return. I am not an addict. I do not need your help,
Burning tears ran freely down Sherlock’s face. Bile singed the lining of his insides. Sherlock’s stomach lurched.
Sherlock suddenly faced him, splashing water onto the floor. “We would never get anything done!” John chuckled and kissed the side of Sherlock’s mouth.
John sat in his room cleaning his gun in only his sleepwear and robe. He thumbed the dark pistol, still learning the different textures on it. Oh, how many times he held it to himself, wondering if he would ever get himself out of the rut his life had fallen into. He never could pull the trigger though. Not because he was scared of dying.
“I rather liked the latter idea.”
“It was selfish of you,” John hissed.
“You’re going to be a prat, I already know, but look at you,” John said against the detective. “You’re amazing.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. He didn’t need to think about what he needed to say. What he needed was the courage to say it all. John sat nervously at his side, but thankfully didn’t try to rush him. Sherlock spoke toward the wall, scared to catch a glimpse of John’s reaction to what he was about to say. He hoped that John would manage to keep his body as still as possible. The hand in his would be enough to reveal how the other man felt about all this.
“Sherlock,” John laughed, “just ask. Don’t make a big production. I’m a simple man.”
Wasn’t he?
“What?”
“You’re smiling. What is so amusing?”
Sherlock had met the man that was his polar opposite in almost every sense, but just as equally mad as the detective himself. He seemed so ordinary; the average man to everyone else, but to Sherlock, John was everything he wasn’t.
The detective leaned in and let John feed him. John was hoping that maybe watching Sherlock eat would distract him from the heat pooling in his groin caused by Sherlock’s soft strokes on his leg, but when he saw those beautiful bow lips wrap around his fork, he swallowed thickly, shoving away his perverse thoughts of those same lips wrapping around other parts of his body. Sherlock chewed deliberately slow. He noticed John’s pupils dilate as he watched him. After he swallowed, John already had another mouthful ready for him.
They chewed in silence, but it was a new silence. Electricity buzzed between them. Sherlock’s pale stare never left John. The pace of their hearts quickened as Sherlock noticed John’s lips forming words.
“I,” Sherlock faltered, “I didn’t mean to. He found me this afternoon, and he threatened to tell you of our past if I didn’t try the new batch he had made.”
“She lied to us both, and I just didn’t catch it in time.”
John’s pregnant wife was at home while he was here. Sherlock played the violin at the window. Should he feel bad that he wasn’t at home rubbing Mary’s feet? Probably.
“Oh, don’t cry, Sherlock,” John cooed from the other side of the door. Sherlock pushed himself off.
“Maybe you’re a mind reader.”
“Well, maybe Mary,” John laughed softly. Sherlock smirked, and placed a firm hand on John’s shoulder. John had straightened his back, and put back on his military form.
Sherlock’s head was far away. His body felt loose and light, but he gathered enough intelligence to look at John adoringly and smile.
Sherlock hovered in the doorway. John was staring off into space, eyes lost in the pattern of the carpet. It had hit him so hard. This domestic bliss was short-term, just momentary peace while Sherlock was too weak to go out on his own, jumping across rooftops and tackling men twice his weight; all this was just a ruse.
“Send Mr. Holmes my thanks for the job,” he waved off, walking across the street. John stared after him for a few more seconds before frowning to himself and continuing.
“I’m trying to be more unpredictable,” Sherlock said from the kitchen.
“I’ve not come to reminisce about our youth, Victor.”
He knew for a fact that it did not lean to the right.
“And frankly a bloody awful cabbie.” Sherlock chuckled, and then turned to lead them away as he speaks.
Victor had made sure that the damage to his skin would not go unnoticed. The marks to his body weren't that obvious, especially hidden by his coat and shirt sleeves, but there would definitely be some prying eyes looking at his face. John had held gel packs to his face to reduce the swelling, but the rest would have to go away with the healing process. He stared down at the deep purple-black tracks on his forearms. Those were the worst, Sherlock thought. John had always seen Sherlock battered and bruised, but these were a different set of bruises- not the ones to bear with pride after a long chase.
“One,” he croaked.
Sherlock’s face shone. The light in his eyes was similar to when he figured out a case. Inappropriate joy. John couldn’t possibly fathom why the hell he was so cheery about bad news for him.
A wave of heat washed over John’s body. It was painful to watch the two Holmes brothers go back and forth, but Sherlock had years of practice and mastered the art of reminding Mycroft who the best Holmes was.
John’s face darkened again. He ran his tongue across his bottom lip. “Let’s see how fast those legs can move.” John clicked his tongue twice.
“I trusted you,” was all Sherlock could manage to hear before darkness overcame him.
To make up for my lack of chapter updates, here's a 2nd update for y'all, and HERE IT IS: THE SMUTTTTTTT
,” John spat. “I am above and beyond you.”
“Come now, John,” Sherlock purred. “I’ve been waiting all day for this.”
Sherlock woke to an empty flat and the tele flashing brightly at him. A quick trip to the loo led him to where he was now: tears spilling down his bruised cheeks. Sherlock gripped the edges of the full basin. Frustration flooded him. He dunked his face into the cold water. The sudden urge to breathe burned his lungs. The water burned at his nerve endings. Images of John’s gentle smile and dark eyes raced through his head. Sherlock wanted to give everything to him. He wanted to give himself, mind and soul, to John. He would fall on his knees before him and give him anything he asked for. Most people would say this was unhealthy, but he and Sherlock’s dynamic, friendship or otherwise, had never been conventional, so it’s safe to say that societal standards didn’t apply to them. He and John sacrificed life and limb for each other. There was nothing else they could do for each other.
“Will you eat after your case?”
Here y'all are!
John tightened his coat and turned his face, almost to say something but he never did. Sherlock glanced back at the bacterium on the slide, but he could still see the unsaid words on John’s lips. What he said next wasn’t suspected.
John sat there for thirty minutes before he rose to his tired and unbalanced feet and headed upstairs, unbuttoning his shirt as he walked. He used the wall to support himself as he ascended the stairs and undid his belt. He just managed to kick off his work shoes before collapsing onto the bed. He had not yet gotten used to the roughness of his sheets after spending most of his nights being spoiled by Sherlock’s rich 1000 thread count sheets. God, how he missed that bed and the way it smelled of Sherlock’s hair.
“Swallow it all.” Sherlock gulped it down with his mouth open, savoring the bitter warmth of it. John tilted Sherlock’s chin up and reentered Sherlock’s mouth for him to clean off with his tongue. The sensitivity was almost unbearable as the detective lapped up the cooling cum off his cock and kissed it wetly. John thrust again, reluctant to leave the warmth of Sherlock’s mouth, but watching the haze in Sherlock’s normally razor-edged stare reminded him that his turn was over.
“I’m going to overlook that considering how bloody gorgeous you look lounging over there like some Greek statue.”
“Turn around and walk back the way you came now.” Sherlock’s voice sounded off.
“You have yet to eat.” Sherlock wrapped a soft hand around John’s shoulder. “You are constantly badgering me to eat, and yet you’ve done nothing but lay here,”
“No. No, he wasn’t really, was he?”
Sherlock obeyed and let the coat slide from his shoulders. It was a constant heavy pressure that he loved, but now, he was left bare to the outside. He shuddered. The voice and hands soothed him. A hand reached back and massaged his neck from right under his hairline to the bend where his shoulders met. His skin turned into gooseflesh. The other hand unbuttoned and removed Sherlock’s jacket. Sherlock leaned his head back, feeling the rough of stubble against his own cheek. Lips kissed his jaw.
Personally, John was tired of hearing it all, but what else could he expect? He carried his past with him in the form of a cane and wore it on his shoulders. He had gathered the rest of his jumpers in a box and a few books before making his way back outside to the cab.
John leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear and breathed in his clean skin. He wondered if it would have been best to call up Mycroft so that Sherlock could get proper treatment, but he knew that if he had gotten the elder Holmes involved, the fragile state of their relationship would be rocked yet again. John wasn’t sure he wanted to go through that, and it wasn’t like he couldn’t manage some withdrawal symptoms and treatment; he was a doctor after all. He had gathered enough paracetamol, nausea suppressants, and ice packs to last them a few months, even though he hoped that Sherlock would be much better within a few weeks, it wasn’t like it would go to waste considering how often they get themselves into trouble on cases.
“Not rough enough.” Sherlock glanced down at his own half-naked body. “Can we continue this back at the flat?”
As Sherlock was loaded into the back, John wrapped his arms around the landlady’s shoulders as she cried softly. He whispered reassuring things into her hair.
Sherlock thought for a moment, looking around the sitting room. His eyes landed on the sofa.
“John, if he’s stolen something-”
“I was thinking.” Sherlock was thankful that the cocaine had already made it through his system, but the light feeling was lasting. All he wanted to do was curl up in John’s smile.
Sherlock peppered the side of his face with kisses. “Angelo’s later?”
Sherlock spit blood onto the floor. John frowned. “You fucking disrespectful-” Sherlock sprinted the other way toward the stairs. He had only one chance to get to John’s room so he could properly delete the file, the memory of the hospital, before all his data was corrupted. Sherlock took the steps two at a time up toward John’s room. A gunshot rang; the bullet grazed his calf. The pain was sharp and searing, but he had gotten lucky. John would not miss again.
“Wanna see some more?”
“John,” Sherlock whispered. John met Sherlock’s concerned gaze. “I am not particularly well versed in asking about the welfare of my friends, but I have noticed that you do not seem well. My blogger has to be at his best.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Not like this though.
“I’ve never done that!”
A tingling pleasure jolted through Sherlock’s spine. He opened his mouth in a soundless gasp and clutched onto John’s arms for balance. John swiped his thumb across the slit again and enjoyed the way Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut in ecstasy. John twisted his hand around Sherlock’s cock, changing the rhythm to a slower, more firm speed. Sweat gathered at Sherlock’s hairline and just above that lovely cupid bow-shaped mouth. John leaned in and flicked his tongue across his upper lip. Sherlock tasted salty mixed with just the slightest hint of an unscented moisturizer. Sherlock threw his head back, exposing his gorgeously pale neck for John to suck and lick as he pleased. John was an inch away from Sherlock’s throat when he noticed a fading bite mark under Sherlock’s jaw. Anger flared in John’s chest. No one would have Sherlock other than him. John made a mistake not making it clear to the world that Sherlock Holmes was his. John ground his teeth before licking a stripe up the front of Sherlock’s throat and sucking a mark onto his Adam’s apple.
“I can practically hear your gears turning.”
“I’m not understanding why,”
he thought. He had something to do.
“Why is that?”
Sherlock’s mouth fell open. He couldn’t fathom that a man- or
Sherlock closed his eyes against John’s words. He was hoping to explain himself, why it was so important to use this one last time, and why he wouldn’t continue, but John didn’t want to hear it.
“I was told that you were going to be the one to lead me through things?” She sipped her coffee, peering through the watch window.
“How do you know?”
“Okay, okay. Sure.”
“I could always tell what you were thinking in the past, but I have been unable to these last several months.”
“Right,” John nodded, “And this is where I called you a machine before you jumped.”
“Truly.”
“I’ll do everything I can to make sure you two are safe from the law. However, you’re not making my job any easier.” John smirked to himself. Lestrade was a good man, and John hoped that one day he would repay him this kindness.
“Goodbye, John.”
Lestrade released his wrist, but Sherlock didn’t bolt.
John leaned forward to kiss the corner of Sherlock’s frown. “I’m in no rush-” Sherlock interrupted John with a nip at his lips.
John’s skin felt numb. The only thing he felt was the sharp edges of the letter opener cutting into his palm. Shreds of wallpaper, fabric, and stuffing clung to the soles of his bare feet.
John thought about those words every day. He spoke to the man almost daily, but those words and that longing look made the blurry edges of their relationship so much more clear. He and Mary could no longer have sex, and deep down, Mary knew why. She could see it in the way John would lean over the kitchen sink, shoulders hunched as he gently caressed the back of his neck, fingers twirling around invisible curls. She would have been hurt if she didn’t already know they had spent long hours in each other’s arms. It wasn’t a physical relationship yet, but falling in love with someone else is still cheating even if you don’t fuck, isn’t it?
Despite how much Sherlock detested the yeasty taste of ale, he loved that dark look in John’s face, and there was nothing he wanted more in that very moment than to satisfy that hungry stare. Sherlock downed the pint in just a few gulps. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and set his lips in a satisfied smirk.
John smiled and kissed his hand, not minding the fine sheen of sweat. “Would you like some tea?” Sherlock grimaced. The amount of sugar Sherlock liked in his tea made his stomach twist painfully. “Maybe some cool water and a long bath then?”
Before she could even get to who it was, Sherlock barged past her and stood by the patient chair. John looked between them and thanked Sarah before Sherlock could say anything rude. Sherlock stood there with those goddamn cheekbones accentuated by that bloody coat collar.
John gently furrowed his brow. “Who was the first?”
“I certainly hope so.” She crossed her arms over her chest. “I have known Sherlock for a long time, John,”
It was a reminder of the wasted years they had spent pining over each other, but that time has slipped between their fingers. John felt that familiar twist in his stomach. A grey veil enveloped him, and all he could think of is the recently sharpened set of kitchen knives in the drawer. He could almost feel the sharp pinch on his neck. The coppery smell would linger in the carpet and drapes for weeks. Mrs. Hudson would have to get new carpet. She could just get a professional cleaner, but who would want to remember the blood stain that was once there. John realizes that he must look better on the outside than what he felt on the inside, and it feels like a small victory. It would surprise so many people to hear of his suicide. People would comment on his blog wishing that he were still there, praising his skills as a doctor and assistant detective, how they would never have guessed that he hated living so much. The only person who would know would be Sherlock. Would his friends cry? Mary might, or they could be tears of a woman who has to find a new life to hide in again.
yoooo what's up
“What are you doing? Aren’t you going with him?”
John slid into the booth at the back corner of the pub to face the buzzing crowd, boots wet with spilled ale. He wrapped his hand around his own pint and took a long sip. Beneath his cable-knit jumper, his muscles were tense with anticipation. His Sig Sauer was hot at his lower back. He never really needed it, but it was a welcomed feeling: the security of his gun.
John pulled back and shoved into Sherlock’s mouth again. He did this several more times before the tightness in his belly was reaching its height. He thrust into the back of Sherlock’s mouth one more time, cock hardening even more as he came down Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock was staring up at him with red, watery eyes, semen and saliva seeping from the corner of his mouth. John pulled out halfway and rode the rest of his orgasm, milking every last drop of his seed onto Sherlock’s tongue. John finally pulled all the way out and spoke gruffly with his stiff cock in hand.
“Of course. Yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.”
John helped Sherlock to his feet, supporting most of his weight against his ribs, and pushed the coat from his shoulders. It fell to the floor with a heavy
So, what was he doing that took up so much of his time?
“Stop! Stop, we can’t giggle, it’s a crime scene! Stop it!”
“Oh, John,” Mrs. Hudson sighed sadly.
“I don’t think I did.”
“Hello, John-”
“What are you doing here, Mycroft?” Sherlock croaked. He stuck his tongue into the cup, helplessly lapping at the little droplets clinging to the Styrofoam.
“No,” John bellowed, pulling away from Sherlock’s body and orgasming hard into his fist with a growl. His jaw was clenched so tight, he thought surely his teeth would break. When the aftershocks eased, John reached for his undershirt and wiped his hand. Sherlock stepped out of the binds of his pants and straightened up to see John side-eyeing him.
, he’d say, but when his sister came out, his family had not received it all that well. How would they have reacted if their veteran son had come out as being interested in both men and women? He kept his relationships with men mostly quiet, and when he went away to Afghanistan, he didn’t expect to meet a man like Sholto. He was incredibly stoic and soft-spoken despite his profession. He and John fit so well together, but they knew that it wasn’t going to be anything long-lasting. There was no room for relationships in war.
Sherlock approached cautiously. He knew that John would not strike out at him, but John never proved to be very predictable.
“I couldn’t catch my breath,” John murmured.
made John’s head sway. When Lestrade had dropped him off, he found Sherlock in a deep sleep. It was the only time Sherlock looked remotely approachable. Even when he was pretending to be someone else, he always held a sharpness in the way his mouth moved. There are plenty of people who can feign sincerity, especially in the eyes; Sherlock could do that without a problem. It was changing the way that your mouth moved that was difficult, and Sherlock could never quite get that pompous frown to completely even out, so seeing Sherlock asleep, face slack and tender, made John’s heart swell. This figure, however, tense and prickly, was something John didn’t particularly enjoy.
John pried his mouth from Sherlock’s. “What are you doing? We can’t do this here.”
“You’re the most brilliant thing I’ve seen, Sherlock.”
“Well, if you’re not a mind reader, I don’t want to willingly divulge the dark secrets of my mind to some everyman.”
“We just talked about this,” John began.
He knew that Sherlock was in trouble.
“Leave a note when?” John asks shakily after realizing the depth of Sherlock’s words.
It took a John a bit longer than normal to get himself hard. He thought about previous conquests and naked women, but the eyes of that stranger would flash into his mind and make him bit his lower lip in frustration. How could those eyes have such a lasting effect on him? They were just eyes, silly. But John knew in his sex mottled brain that they were different. He didn’t exactly understand why or how, but he just knew. Another ten minutes had passed, and the blond haired man was finally able to push out that glacial stare from his head. Just a few more tugs had him easing himself through his orgasm with a soft grunt. Not one of his stronger ones, but one that will definitely get sleep going.
“Sherlock,” John moaned. Sherlock let go of John’s finger with a
“Please tell me what happened, Sherlock. Please.”
“Get me another.”
In his sleepy haze, John sighed to himself and wondered what the hell he was doing. Wanking to the thought of a violinist’s hands? He did enjoy that lasting effect it had on his body. He felt devoid of pain, nothing but loose limbs.
“I can’t,”
John made another half-strangled sound and took his fingers back. He bent forward and kissed Sherlock softly before turning back to gently stroke Sherlock’s arse cheeks with his slicked hand.
“That motherfucker hurt him, and I wasn’t going to let what he did go unpunished. Pure and simple. Don’t make it more complex, Greg.” Lestrade took in a deep breath and held it for a few seconds. He knew that’s what John did to most criminals that managed to get their hands on Sherlock, but it was never like this. What he saw back at the scene was not like any other time.
John rose to the balls of his feet just a bit and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. They both held still, mouths closed and hearts beating fast.
“Deductions gone awry,” Sherlock answered matter-of-factly. Lestrade glanced back at John for confirmation; the doctor nodded.
“To recover my initial data and delete what it was that was causing the corruption.” Sherlock adjusted himself higher on the bed and finally faced John. His weary face softened at Sherlock’s gaze, hand tightening around Sherlock’s.
the Watson that types up his cases!”
“Are you expecting me to suddenly drop dead?”
She ran upstairs in her slippers. “Sherlock,” she cried, “What’s happening, John?”
John was speaking the truth. It was an odd feeling. He only felt better when Sherlock was around, especially now that he could keep a close eye on the man. Sherlock, on the other hand, found it hard to believe that John was going to be here for him through and through. No one ever stayed with Sherlock. No one ever considered how Sherlock might feel when they called him a “machine” or a “freak” or an “addict.” It was weird to see another human other than Mrs. Hudson in his flat, especially one so boldly genuine. He had gotten used to being alone, and frequently enjoyed it. He had no friends or anyone of the sort to bond with or whatever. He didn’t mind it really.
Fifty-nine missed calls.
“My last patient cancelled, so I thought I would raid Sherlock’s takeaway rather than order my own.”
“If anyone is being irksome, it’s you.” Sherlock pressed his lips together and wheeled around on his heels, coat flaring out like a deathly cloak behind him, and stomped toward the main road.
“He gets it for free from the best Indian place in London.” Mary shrugged, hand resting on her belly.
He was the reason why cocaine wasn’t so tempting anymore.
“It was long enough ago that the memory doesn’t bother me.”
Sherlock didn’t flinch when the lights glared down on him, just sat there in his wet clothing, feeling an aching chill throb through his bones. It wasn’t painful. Nothing was at that moment. John went around the table to stand across from him.
The wedding had been brutal for the both of them, John was sure. He tried his best to make it seem like he was happy to be tying the knot with Mary, but Sherlock giving his best man’s speech made it feel like they were getting married instead, and his heart ached for it. Sherlock would make for a striking husband, but as Mary held his hand, he was only reminded that he would never be the one standing at the altar with him. There Sherlock was though, making someone else’s wedding day about himself with a murder. John was grateful that he had saved James Sholto’s life.
“With you,” Sherlock said confidently. “Never.” When John didn’t say anything, Sherlock flattened his lips and bobbed his side to side. “Maybe I’ll bring some cold case files along.”
“So, are we going through cases or,”
John faced Lestrade. “I need you to trust me.”
“Isn’t this a good thing,” John asked unsure, waving around Sherlock’s test results.
But I'm ready for more"
“When I had to leave you.” John swallowed hard.
“Thank you for serving our country.”
“Well then, we should finish off the paperwork back at the yard, rather than waiting for Sherlock to be in a suitable mood later on.” Sherlock threw a sharp glare at Lestrade, but the other man just shrugged. John simply hovered around the detective and peppered Sherlock’s deductions with praise. He was utterly impressed with not only Sherlock’s spitfire deductions, but his ability to pretend that everything was perfectly fine as if his body was not covered in plum-colored bruises and lacerations. John tried not to think so much about every single cut he had to treat. Sherlock could easily read John’s face and the thoughts going on behind it, so John kept his thoughts on that beautifully quirked mouth and correcting his irritable mood.
The nurses bad attitude escalated and in a nasty tone said "Sir, I'm going to need you to calm down or I'm going to have to call security."
Sherlock stepped close to John and held his hand as he stared deeply into his eyes and spoke in a gentle tone "Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?"
Sherlock turned to John. "I thought you were getting help."
Once Sherlock knocked on the door it was immediately opened by John who greeted him with a smile. "I was waiting for you to do that. I've been watching you through the peephole for the past ten minutes."
"Trust me John. You'll love this." Sherlock took out his mobile and hit the contact number. "Everything is ready, he's all yours." He then hung up and smiled at his husband.
_________________________________________________
John just nodded not knowing what to say.
Soon it'll just be me and you doing everything we've planned. We'll make it through and nothing else will matter. We'll be fine, we're fine.
John felt even lower at this point then he did with Mrs. Holmes. When he looked over at Sherlock the boy had a look of guilt on his face as well.
John wiped the grin off his face "Nothing is was a joke. I wouldn't consider anything we have here 'fine' but...I could get you a Greene King. Has a nice finish to it."
The family was still not speaking to Sherlock. Greg was the go between them all and luckily they all stayed in each other's good gracious.
John thought about it for a second and took a deep breath. "Yeah sure. I'll meet them if that's what you want, I mean. When would you like to do it?"
He circled around her until he came face to face with her once again. "You're a very passionate dancer Miss Watson-Holmes. Elegant, refined, your moves are ones of perfection. But only a dancer with a lot of pain and sadness dances the way you do. As of she's trying to escape from something."
All the sudden my love rushed out the door and didn't say much else. I had to sprint after him to keep up until we came back to the tailor shop.
Our Wedding
Sherlock thought about it for a second. True it would be difficult but his Father was right. And besides John may want to come back and live here at some point. But the thought of leaving made him sick to his stomach.
Sherlock glared at John and kept walking forwards. Each step that John followed in gave him more anxiety. If Sherlock's mother was as bad as everyone seems to be making her out to be once she found out about the baby she would probably arrange to have him murdered.
The owner of the ballet company stepped forth. He was a tall very thin man, from the looks of it he was in his mid sixties with salt and pepper hair. His body had natural perfect posture but you could tell the ailments his body faced from years of dancing.
"Probably turn into an omega at that." Andrew joined in.
Your book that you are receiving great praise for has gobbled your attention from me. We argue a lot more then we're accustomed to. You say hurtful things and I push back. More days then not we go to bed angry.
John rolled his eyes. "Yeah we noticed."
John got close to Sherlock. "What if you didn't ask me? What if we say fuck the rules?" He grabbed Sherlocks hand.
John and Sherlock decided they wouldn't let Charlotte in that their marriage and bond were all but over. They would be a happy family for a bit longer. Their daughter had been gone a year and it just seemed like the proper thing to do.
Sensing John didn't want to talk nor was he in the right mind to make any specific decisions in where he had wanted to go he called Sherlock letting him know he was bringing John back to the palace. Sherlock was already waiting for them in front of the palace. Once the car came to a stop he threw himself at the door opening up to a display of such intense sorrow. John was sobbing so hard he hadn't even noticed Sherlock opening the door. Seeing his love in such despair and not knowing what to say; he just moved into the car moving various items aside and held John. John still didn't let the bag go and only held it tighter as Sherlock held him to his chest. The heart breaking sobs kept coming and Sherlock could do nothing but hold John. After about 20 minutes John seemed to have tired himself out as his sobs become softer.
On the way back to Baker St John looked at Sherlock who was staring out the window fuming "Sher-"
"I....I don't much care for the spotlight but.." he licked his lips "I guess I'm just have to get used to it." John took a deep breath. "If I must have security I don't want it to be a large fleet of people."
Sherlock shrugged "It feels how you might imagine carrying an extra ten pound right on your middle would feel."
Sherlock softly smiled "So do I. I'm sorry about yesterday."
John jumped back in fright from the screaming and loud noises. The woman grabbed a pan and held it over her shoulder "Who are you?!"
Before I sign off I have an announcement, my book is officially going to be published! Thank you all so much for your support this could not have been possible without you.
John leaned his head on his broad chest. "Thank you for everything tonight. I'm sorry about....them."
Charlotte nodded.
__________________________________________________
Sick of being hunched over the microscope he tried to stretch his back but it seemed to be a trying feat due to the extra weight in his front.
When he got there luckily the door they went through to get on the roof was unlocked. Still holding on to the hope it was Sherlock's doing he ran up the steps full speed.
John tried again clearing his throat a little louder and still no response. He turned his head towards his friends who were snickering to themselves. John was determined not to let them win, the more direct approach it would have to be. He took a deep breath "Excuse me." He said and placed a hand on his shoulder.
"Not hard to determine with you smiling like an idiot." Bruce said flatly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thanks Dad!" They said together.
John tensed his jaw and headed for the door. "I'm going for a walk."
Sherlock looked to his Mother who held her head down as she wiped away silent tears and then to Mycroft who had his head turned the opposite way to avoid loosing control of his emotions. He then became somewhat angry. "Why didn't you tell me?"
Odessa stood up. “Take that back you rejected Barbie!”
John gasped as Sherlock rubbed against him. "I want you to fuck me."
John had hugged his Mum as she wished him good luck. On the plane ride he tried to come up with a script for himself to try to say but gave up after awhile.
Sherlock rolled his eyes "You're ideas of fun are truly mixed up."
We were about to just chalk it up to a case of maybe this person doesn't want to be found until my love discovered a box.
The baby nuzzled unhappily into his fathers neck.
John smiled ‘You’ll see. They’ll all love each other soon enough.’
"Mum!!!" Several small voices yelled.
John started getting offended "Look I never said-"
John tried to gulp down the lump that was in his throat "Yes but I wanted to introduce him to one bit of my crazy family not the whole thing in one go."
Mike smiled "Yeah word around the street is they're looking at you to be the next Lieutenant Colonel. Congratulations John."
"Yeah. It's just a lot to take in. I know it's happening and I'm excited just time wise it doesn't seem like very long."
"Sounds good. I'm just going to pop off to the loo before we head down." John says as he closes the door to the restroom.
"How many?" Sherlock said curiously.
_____________________________________
David smiled at his son. "That's alright. Isn't it mate?" He said in a cooing voice to the baby. "Men don't mind getting a bit messy, do they?" He began to blow raspberries into his son's stomach making the baby laugh.
"Tell them to wait!" Sherlock yelled back.
"Yes I think that's wise." Sherlock said opening the text book. They started on it then they would get distracted by snogging so eventually they called it a day.
Something wasn't right. Sherlock could tell. John had been avoiding him like the plague the past few weeks. At first Sherlock had written it off as John crunching to graduate but there was something deeper and he could tell his husband was hiding something from him.
The door continues to knock "I have too. It could be something important."
Right on cue a small whine came from the cradle that was by the window. Sherlock gave a smile as he lifted his son up "Well who wouldn't want to know Christopher Hamish Watson-Holmes?" He popped the baby's dummy back in his mouth "He's perfect."
Sherlock found himself lying on his bed staring at the ceiling thinking about John for the millionth time. It was an odd feeling, he couldn't even exactly consider the two of them friends yet.....the glances, the smiles, each one of them gave him a weird feeling in his stomach that after a week of having them, couldn't be attributed to nausea.
John stopped for a second and cleared his throat "It was....um....good."
Sherlock gave a huff and narrowed his eyes "Not that's it's any of your business but no, she does not I was on my way to introduce John to our parents."
John looked at Sherlock "So I take it you haven't told anyone yet?"
Did he want an Alpha in his life?
"I mean it John. Do this and I cut you off from me completely. Your family will not follow you, yer done John. Don't go tellin' yer mother either. I've never been a forceful alpha but I will order her to abide by my rules. It's your decision. It's him or us."
John smiled and kissed his cheek "Thanks love."
John nodded "Alright."
Sherlock was interested in the way his husband was reacting "She said that she had been trying to get ahold of you. I think she may be a bit jealous."
Giving her son a sad look Cynthia asked "Are you okay pumpkin?"
Sherlock looked at John seriously "I'm sorry husband. I can help you with studying if you want. We'll have you graduating on time." Sherlock gave a tired smiled to his husband and grabbed his hand so he could kiss his fingers.
George grabbed Sherlock by the collar and pulled him up to his face "Listen here boy, no one talks to any of the Omegas that work or come in here that way! Don't come back until you've learned that lesson!"
John got angrier with each word "You need to shut up about things you don't know. Yeah all this happened really fast but I'm glad it did! I can't just leave and know my kid is out there somewhere without never knowing them and yes, Sherlock can be a right pain in the arse but he's my pain in the arse! It's nice to know though all my friends are rooting for me to fail!"
Valerie nodded and brought forth a pitcher with Ive water. "Please dig in everyone."
Sherlock raised his head in defiance despite the contraction he was currently having. "You lied to me, I lied to you. We're even now. Go home John." Sherlock turned and walked back towards Greg's office. The contractions were beginning to intensify.
Sherlock decided to step in. "Charlotte you promised. Why don't you stay true to your bragging and spend actual time with your baby?"
John was pulled out of his thoughts. "I know You introduced yourself quite nicely last night."
His parents looked uncomfortable to be there but they smiled gently at their son.
"Mm...." Sherlock said. He signed the bottom of the last page and handed Greg the packet "Now I'm done."
Siger and Violet looked up from their work and stood to greet their sons. Mycroft stood proud as Sherlock dragged his feet like a child that was about to be punished, though he kept his stubborn facade.
______________________________________
John stood up as well "Just be safe."
"Thank you." He said begrudgingly.
Charlotte shook her head. "I'll never understand." She then stood up and walked out the door.
Violet touched her sons arm with tears in her eyes "Son you could have told us. You didn't need to hide this."
John looked at his alarm clock and just laid in bed minutes after the alarm went off. He was still bothered by the royal family's lack of sensitivity towards Omega issues and it didn't help that Sherlock didn't come to his defence.
Sherlock was equal parts upset and thankful that Darius just spilled out the news the way we did. "Yes, I'm not pregnant. I'm going to be bonded. Five days from now in fact."
Charlotte looks at Sherlock surprised. He's the last one she thinks will come to her defence. Although the look of disappointment he has is crushing her and she feel compelled to say something. "I'm sorry Daddy." She says and for the first time in awhile she actually means it.
"Alright! That enough!" John shouted "Dad I think it's time for you and Mum to go home. Sherlock and I are adults and we are the ones having a baby so if ANY of you want to be apart of our lives you will play by our rules!"
John bit the inside of his cheek and took a deep breath "Fine." John looked Sherlock up and down "Next time you come in, loose the suit."
You tell me you have no other choice which I know is a lie. Everyone thinks I'm selfish but at this moment no one is more selfish then you are. You tell me I'm being unreasonable and I yell back.
"His name is John, an Alpha I dated when I was younger."
John started to cry "God, I love you too Sherlock."
John turned towards Sherlocks unsteady voice "Yeah..." He gestured to his undid tie "I'm about ready to nix this bloody thing though."
Greg opened his mouth to speak again but was again interrupted by one of Sherlocks brood, Odessa who had black straight hair and a clarinet in hand "Mum! I think I got it! Here listen!" The young Omega started playing, with confidence, a screeching tune that made Greg cover his ears but Sherlock who was completely unfazed by the horrendous noise just smiled at his 12 year old daughter.
Sherlock threw back his head in exasperation "That is not the same thing!"
Meredith shook her head. "No. Crowned prince Sherlock."
He went to check in at the nurses desk again and thank the Lord it wasn't the same male nurse as the day before. Instead it was a pretty female nurse who smiled wide as John approached. "I'm here to see Sherlock Holmes." John said.
"I'm off to find Mother and Father, have you seen them?" Sherlock said in an annoyed voice.
Sherlock
John whipped his head towards Sherlock. "Excuse me?"
Cases have been rather boring without you. Although there was that one involving the midget and a snake named Wayne that was rather brilliant. Even then all I could think about was how much I miss you.
"Enough!" John bellowed sticking out his chest with as much Alpha pheromones as he could muster to silence his children. "Now both of you grab a box and get inside."
"Eight" John corrected. "Well of course they'll miss their Mum more around the holidays if anything but they're all soldiers in their own right and my eldest daughter Chloe has made it her mission to see that I'm bonded again she keeps saying 'It's what Mum would have wanted'."
“I think you should sleep upstairs.”
“I would do it again. I would hear you call me a machine time and time again if it meant you would be safe at 221B.”
Sherlock stood over the coffee table and shoveled biscuits and mini fruit tarts into his mouth. He coughed at the dryness in the back of his throat. A ringing started in his ears and distracted him from eating.
“This is almost too easy. Where’s the fun in that, hm?” John withdrew his gun and slid it into the back of his jeans.
. They were evenly matched, and Sherlock loved it.
“What do you want, Victor?”
Sherlock was sure of most things. His feelings for John were one of them, and despite the kind touches John gives him, all he can see is the soldier with Sherlock's blood on his hands. He wants to forgive him, but he cannot do it alone.
“Too bad. My bladder strongly disagrees with you.It’s either I get up, or you will have to change the sheets.” John replied.
“Oh god...” he muttered dropping the shopping bags and turning a shade of pink himself.
Sherlock tipped the rest of the drink into his mouth before turning his gaze on John. “What if I want more awareness than that?”
“Sherlock...?” John whispered, hoping he could rouse the detective gently.
“I still don’t see what all of the bother is, but if you want to go through all of that trouble just to prove you are wrong, then so be it.” Sherlock said, just before his text alert went off. “I’ve got a case on. I won’t need you on this one. Nothing more than a 3. I can tell you would rather stay in today anyways. I’ll text if it turns out to be anything more.”
“Yes, but you got me drunk. I was not responsible for my actions once inebriated.” Sherlock replied with a laugh.
“Fine. What have you been thinking about?” John said with a sigh.
When he pulled away slightly, they were both breathless. “Well, that was unexpected. But not unwanted.” John said with a chuckle. “We should head back out before people start looking for us. There is a reception to attend after all.”
“You are insatiable.” Sherlock said with a smile. “I wanted to tell you how much I love you. I was laying here thinking about us, and destiny, and was overwhelmed with how much I love you.”
John put the letter down, and looked up, finally seeing Sherlock peaking around the frame of his bedroom door.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “You know I don’t like groups of people. How did you do it last time? The wedding I mean? You were center of attention over the course of several hours, and you didn’t seem to mind.”
“John?” Sherlock called softly into the darkness that only the middle of the night could bring. The street lamp outside of the window had turned off an hour ago, plunging the room into complete darkness.
Just before he opened the browser, something on the desktop caught his eye. It was a movie file, simply titled “John’s dare”. Sherlock’s curiosity got the better of him. Someone had dared John to do something, and filmed it. Probably emailed it to John a day or two ago.
“Alright. I am going to prove to you that Santa is real. Tell me one thing you want for Christmas that you know I can’t afford and so won’t just buy it for you anyways.” John pulled out a blank piece of paper and rummaged for a pen.
“Well who want’s to follow that?” Sherlock said to the room and was met with light chuckles. He looked at John, and gently grasped both of John’s hands in his own.
“Yeah, well like I said last night, sometimes we do stupid things when we are young. For me that was only one of them.”
“Come on, John. You can’t actually believe in Santa. You are a grown man for goodness sake. That’s a bit embarrassing on your part.”
John blushed slightly. “That is not all that your look was saying, and you know it. But thank you.” John paused, collecting his thoughts. “You know I feel the same about you, right? I think you are the most beautiful human being I have ever known. And definitely the smartest. You already knew that last one, though.”
“Yes you are. You have a remarkable gift to stop my tongue” Sherlock replied bringing a hand up to caress John’s cheek.
“John! Come on! You promised you would do it!” an unidentified male voice said. Presumably the one holding the camera.
After he finished, Sherlock picked up the paper and held it in front of his face, getting a good look at it. He read over it several times before setting it back down.
As the John in the video continued on, Sherlock felt his neck and cheeks get very red and warm. The blush even crept up to his ears, turning his porcelain skin a nice. beet red.
John laid a hand on the detective’s shoulder. “I know. And that’s the only way I am ok with you doing it from time to time.”
“It’s morning, John. I’m hungry. Make me some food.” Sherlock demanded.
“Be honest. That the best you can do. Is this about John?”
The next thing Sherlock knew, the clock was striking 1130. He sat up straight, stretching muscles that had been in one position for far too long. “I should go to bed. If only to keep John from complaining that I messed up his visit from Santa.” he mumbled to himself. He placed stoppers on some of the more dangerous chemicals and headed to his bedroom.
“Sherlock, I have to use the restroom. I have to get up.”
“Mhm. Sure you don't.” John said with a knowing smile. “Now. Everyone is waiting on us. Shall we get this over with?”
“I should hope you do. You just married me.” John commented back.
“That is one of the saddest stories I have ever heard! Did you ever ask your father about it later?” John inquired.
“Just when I had you figured out, you go and surprise me.” Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes. “I must say, it was rather a shock to see you doing that.”
“Fine. Abandon me in my time of need.” Sherlock flopped boneless on the mattress when John freed himself from the tangle.
I am really hoping you feel the same, and that I'm not spouting nonsense when I tell you that I love you. And I would like to ask the ultimate question. Will you, John H. Watson, marry me?
Starting awake, he saw it was Sherlock, peering at him like he was a peculiar thing. “Are you done sulking now?” John said softly as he tried to wake himself up, and stretch out the kinks that had accumulated overnight.
“Greg. And no. I didn’t. Look around. I’m sure you can tell if someone has been here last night by like the placement of the rug or something like that.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You will not let this rest until I tell you, will you?”
“I believed in the story of Santa until I was 3 despite the pleas to the contrary from Mycroft. I decided that Christmas Eve I was going to stay up and catch a glimpse of the man in red myself. But of course I wasn’t going to tell anyone that. They would just make fun of me, or look at me with those pitied looks. You know how I hate pity. So the legends said he came right at the stroke of midnight. I didn’t sleep much even as a child. So it was no bother for me to pretend to be sleeping, then sneak downstairs a few minutes before midnight. I had already preselected my hiding spot. Perfect visibility to the tree, but several easy exit points if need be. The grandfather clock struck midnight and no one came down our chimney. No present magically appeared under the tree. But at that point I was determined. I was going to see Santa even if he was running late. I waited from my vantage point on the stairs, until I heard someone moving around. The clock showed it was almost 6am. I looked at the tree, and there was my father, with a stack of wrapped gifts, placing them under the tree himself. After that, I stopped believing in Santa because I realised as everyone had been telling me, it is just not logical.”
Suddenly, a look of pure child-like excitement spread over Sherlock’s face. “Do you think he brought that microscope? You did put it in the letter, right?”
John sighed when the main course was taken away. The pressing awkwardness of this night was almost over.
Greg folded his hand on the desk "Maybe Sherlock....a compromise is needed..."
Sherlock looked around and nodded "Yes, it seems a lot of people couldn't make it. That gives us less then the advantage I wanted."
John nodded and kissed his husband "Absolutely! We'll stay here until the baby is born, I promise."
Sargent Smith gave a rare warm smirk. "At ease soldier."
But....no buts! He had to think about his future on the throne, the people, what was expected of him. Wouldn't it be nice though to have someone to share the experience with? A kind, loyal, smart someone?
Greg rushed into the office again "The paramedics are here!"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but didn't want to be rude and call out her unwanted display. "Hello ma'am. You can just call me Sherlock."
On the outside he was doing everything on autopilot. The apprenticeship was going well with Dr. Connor. John was making leaps and bounds, he was getting everything he worked so hard for and yet.....none of it made him happy.
Bruce took a deep breathe "You marry him, and you're dead to me. Don't talk to me, don't look at me, don't come around me expecting anythin. You will be on your own. I will wash my hands of you."
"You know me so well." Sherlock smiled. "Shall I walk you out?"
May 23, 2011
John shrugged "You learn to not think about it."
I'm stating at the ceiling of a hotel room. I take a deep breath and turn on my side. I met this pretty woman, Mary is her name.
John smiled wide "Of course yes! Thank you so much sir!"
"I'm so sorry Sherlock." John said feeling like a total cockup
Amanda pushed it back. "First time for everything right?" She opened the beer can for Charlotte.
Okay?
Darius rolled his eyes and got up off the bed “I think you’re both being selfish. Who knows? It might be fun to have that many new siblings. More people to roll into our psycho experiment family. Think of it as an adventure, all the while thinking of Mum’s feelings.”
Chloe walked over to her Dad and John handed her Caleb "Can you put Caleb down for his nap? My mattress is already in my room so he can lay down there."
I don't want to hurt you. I just want us to be fine which I think we will be if I don't have to wait for you to be happy with the me.
A sharp gasp went across the room.
Sherlock nodded but didn’t say another word as he watched John walk out of the restaurant. Sherlock turned toward his children and wore a look of utter disappointment. “Come on everyone. Let’s go home.”
Sherlock was becoming angry and Darius could see that. He walked into the kitchen and grabbed a biscuit like it was no big deal "Mums going to he bonded. That's the news." He then walked out like nothing happened.
Mycroft adjusted himself to stand a bit straighter "Just be glad Mother is much more excepting of John after the baby came. It seems she put aside her anger for the chance of knowing her grandson."
__________________________________________________
John couldn't help but smile "How romantic of you to know that."
"I'm not asking for any of your inputs." Sherlock said being fed up with this conversation. "I am merely informing you so that you will attend the ceremony. It's in Kensington Gardens. Nothing fancy. We wanted something outdoors. And I would......appreciate it if you would come."
John started to feel defensive. "No it's not. I can control it."
"I'll let you two at it then." she then walked away.
John smiled and gave him a quick kiss "You'll be fine. I promise." John then took Sherlocks hands and they both went inside.
"I'm coming." A man said grouchily behind the door. "It's late for Christ-" the door opened and the old man saw the young couple "Sherlock?"
"May I take your coat sir?" An older gentleman said.
"Well....."
John walked over to Sherlock who was frozen on the spot "Sherlock? Is it really you?"
Sherlocks blush deepened but he told himself it was from the alcohol "No it's...fine."
James laughed "You're just mad because you couldn't be the shining star for one day."
Persephone let out a groan of irritation and threw her head back "Because Mum!" She lifted her head again to stare back at her Mother "You deserve one night off to...you know...remember what fun is."
"Sir! You can't go back there!" The woman said louder.
John looked down it seemed he had no choice. "Fine....I'll go find an anger management counsellor and I'll go back to therapy."
Siger glared back. "And you will fail."
"I don't feel very good." Charlotte said and then passed out.
Mike nodded towards him "Hey Sherlock."
As if to prove the point the baby gave a particular hard kick that made John smile. "I'll tell you what, why don't you go put on your pyjamas, go lay down in bed and I'll give you a full body massage."
Sherlock looked away from John. "I can't live in fear of my mate hurting my grandson...."
Persephone darkened her cat-eye eyeliner in her vanity mirror. She wasn't looking forward to tonight. Her mum had been insanely happy the past week.
A small knock was on his door and his Mum poked her head in "John dear. The car is outside ready to take you to the palace. Aren't you up yet?"
"What would you like to drink Sherlock?" Valerie said.
"Are you ready for this boys?" Siger said.
Charlotte groans the next morning. Her head is pounding and the light of day burns her eyes. It's unnatural how alcohol can make you feel so wonderful one moment and the next it's biting you in the arse.
-------------------------------------------------
John and Sherlock we're playing it off beautifully that nothing had changed between them. It was for thier daughters sake though and they both knew that.
John's breath was completely taken away which made him remain silent. Sherlock couldn't quite read John's expression but could see the shock in his eyes. He looked down as a slight blush came on his cheeks. "I know this is all rather ridiculous. I told Father that the Royal uniform would be too much but he insisted."
John began to pick up the pace until the gentle sighs became cries of passion. Sherlock came with John following right on his heels.
"You're very welcome John. May you both have a long lifetime of happiness."
"I know." Sherlock said giving the faintest of smiles at the Alpha. "I don't believe in fate but maybe our paths will cross down the road and we'll be able to be together again when you and I are both successful in our endeavours."
Mike smiled "Wonderful!" Mike turned and walked out the door "See you later John!"
"Apparently the condom didn't work and you know as well as I even though fertility is greatly diminished outside of a heat there's still a chance it could happen."
Sherlock looked back at John with anger in his eyes. "Why would you choose something like that over someone who loves and cares for you?! I may be an unsocial person but I have never given you any reason to be dishonest with me! Why John?! Why do you constantly lie and hide from me?" Sherlock voice started to break as tears filled his eyes. "Why are you afraid of me? Why do you push me away when all I want to do is help you?!"
Soon both boys were naked and John began preparing Sherlock. Sherlock's senses were already sensitive and just with John pumping his fingers in and out of him he began to come, the orgasm taking out of him more then usual.
His last night in London he couldn't help but cry. He walked by the pizza place and ended up at St. Barts. Whether it was fate or coincidence, the door to the roof was open. He didn't remember how long he stood there thinking about everything that had happened and everything that could of been. It hurt, more then he could possibly imagine.
"I agree." Siger said "They have good heads on their shoulders, they're financially stable, and they are seeing this thing through."
He got his wallet, keys, and phone together and a backpack with just a change of clothes in it and headed downstairs.
Sherlock stepped aside and held out his hand "After you."
Ballet was so much more then dance, it was an escape. Between being a mate, a mom, and Sherlock Holmes and John Watson's daughter this was the only place where she felt like herself and not a label.
John knew where Sherlocks doctors office was despite never being there before. Every
Sherlock grabbed John's hand and lead them into the bedroom. They both stripped and Sherlock laid down on his side as John got behind him and started to gently knead his back.
As Sherlock was putting the books away he decided to bring up something that had been bothering him on and off for the past couple of days. "John, I almost forgot I ran into a friend of yours awhile ago."
John broke the silence. "So anything I should know before we get there?"
Sherlock kneels on the floor and cries even harder. This is his worst nightmare, this is why he never wanted to bond in the first place and the one person who was supposed not be that way has turned into the very thing he hated.
Sherlock shook his head "No that's alright. Could you just hold me?"
They held hands and smiled but never in public. They tried really hard to keep everyone off their trail. It wasn't easy thanks to Greg. The only time they were alone was when Greg buggered off to see Mycroft.
"Are you seriously fucking bonding?!" Darius yelled.
Bruce gave his wife a questioning look "What? Just because my boy's an Omega doesn't mean he has to take life on the chin. You stay strong you got that son?"
Siger gave a questioning look "His full name is John Hamish Watson?"
John phone rang and he answered it. "Hello?"
Sherlock
Sherlock crosses his arms and treads lightly still not understanding what his father wants "John helps me keep the place clean."
Charlotte pulled away to look at her Dad's face. "Thank you Daddy."
Sherlock turned to see David standing by the stairs. "It's not your fault. He just stressed and tired."
The hailed a cab and Sherlock gave the address. The pair were silent and nearly hugging the doors and their side of the car, trying to put as much distance between them as possible.
John laughed lightly "Where else would I go?"
John nodded and they assumed the position that they held. After a few more missed steps they started flowing together like water. Soon it felt like there was no one else in the room and for a moment they just stared at each other.
Give me my sin again."
His brother took one last sip of tea and set it on the tray "Well then, that's my cue to leave." He started to walk away but before he did he turned back to his brother. "Just remember, you have s duty to this country. Don't let yourself fall into a pit of feelings and emotions over someone so replaceable. We care for our people, not just one person."
John couldn't bring himself to defend due to the shock he was still in.
John backed up into the wall. The shock of seeing his Father so angry was new and scary, never in his life had Bruce ever been this angry. John though began to feel his own anger bubble up inside. "I'm no ones whore!" he shouted "Why can't you just be happy for me?!"
"To be honest in a way yes, but Tristan is what matters and Charlotte will be coming home in about a month so I can tell everyone then. Until that point can we keep this just between us?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes while John nudged him a bit. "We'll behave Mycroft." John said.
Here's is the list of John's kids, ages, and their secondary genders. I will give you a better look into reasons for names and the family dynamic in later chapters. I really wanted to push a "perfect family" look into these military kids to give a good contrast to Sherlocks kids that you will meet in the next chapter!
John realised he wasn't going to get to go back to sleep "Look love, I'm tired and have class. Scotland is my home and where my base is. We have to go back. I'm sorry but that's the end of it. Now please! I beg of you let me sleep." John turned back over and shut his eyes.
John then turned his back and walked to the counter and Sherlock couldn't help but smile at Johns attitude.
On top that I've found someone I love and I am thrilled with the fact you love me back. We quickly became this couple that I think beats all others. You're this beautiful, amazing person and if I were to talk about all the things I love about you we'd be sitting here for a lifetime.
Greg cleared his throat "Actually....no I think you need to come back and talk to Sherlock."
Sherlock looked into his eyes "I'm sorry about yesterday."
______________________________________________
John's heart dropped "So....what? You didn't like it?....Didn't like me?"
Sherlock looked down at his son and looked up and nodded "We're ready."
Greg smiled "Are you excited?"
Sherlock just smiled and stood up “It’s alright John. You’re right we all have very unique names but I think it really emphasis the fact we do not have to conform to society.”
Mike nodded "Doing well. They told me you were coming back for awhile and I've been sitting on pins and needles waiting for you to get here."
Odessa nodded her head “I agree. We don’t know anything about them and yet we’re expected to live with them all happy and shit?”
______________________________________
Greg could hear John rustling around "Greg? Why are you calling me? Is everything okay?" He sounded confused and worried.
"Distracted brother mine?" Mycroft said as he sat in the chair next to Sherlocks.
Sherlock came to a crouch in front of John and ran his finger though his hair. He spoke softly "John, I have duties to preform so I have to go but I'll be back later okay?"
John excitement quickly dissipated "June 17th sir?"
Sherlock furrowed his brow "You mean you didn't move here?"
"Thank you." The both said cheerfully.
He then led John up the stairs and turned the key to open the door. John stepped ahead of him "I think we should do this properly." He said with a sly grin and picked Sherlock up in a bridal carry.
Sherlock gave a happy sigh "That feels wonderful."
The flat is so empty without your presence. If you just gave me one day maybe I could look back and see where was the point of no return. Maybe I could see what you see and know that there is no chance for us.
Sherlock sighed "Hello love. I'm trying to call you...again. Just letting you know that I'm on the way to the class. Text me when you're on the way." and then hung up.
"And where are you off to Sherlock?" The man in the suit said.
Sherlock whipped his head around "John, what are you doing here?"
I can't believe it's over. My heart aches knowing that you're gone. You were the one that called it off and I don't understand why.
John's eyes flew open and he turned around to face Sherlock. "You're serious?"
David smiled and walked over to the cradle. "Brilliant. Thank you." David then went to pick up his sleeping son.
Christopher and Chloe gave each other a quick look, wondering where this was going.
It's not all bad though, I still get to sleep next to you at night (when you're home at least), you try to include me in as much as possible. The problem is your book has you touring all over Europe and I can't drop my work.
Greg scoffed as he handed him his preferred clothing of black slacks and a button down shirt that was blue. "I bet you are but try talking your parents into letting you do that."
Sherlock rolled his eyes "I wouldn't have asked if I wasn't"
I know I made a promise to you but I can't help it. She's truly amazing. We're just going to relax and lay low for now.
Thank you for staying with this series. Sorry these updates took such a long time coming. I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. Thank you so much again!
Sherlock remained quiet due to the fact it was too much sentiment but John could see the tension melting away. Siger pulled away and smiled then turned to John. "Young man, I don't know you but....I would like to try. My boy is very good at reading people and if he loves you I could learn to as well. I will warn you though it may take a bit."
John gulped "Is the baby alright?"
Darius shrugged "Maybe the Alpha whose sperm injected Mum with was a little dainty on their feet."
Greg smiled bright "Well this is your lucky day! Sherlock here happens to be a great dancer!"
They stood next to each other for a bit "Could I ask you something?" John said.
