Greg had enough and snapped. He knocked on the one way glass and switched on the microphone.
“Oh god, no. Mycroft. No! I didn’t mean it like that.” Greg thought if he was getting kicked out, he might as well go out with a bang. “I can’t because…” He took a big breath of air and blurted out, muffled, “
In the car on their way to Mycroft’s office, he was monitoring Sherlock’s movements and saw that his brother was about to go back to the museum. Pushing a few buttons on his mobile, he lifted it to his ear and instructed Aaron to not pick Sherlock up.
“Get out.” John bit his words. He was furious. Everything that happened after Sherlock jumped came flooding through his mind. The pain, despair, depression, self-loathe, being used, enslaved, raped, defiled.
It was Sherlock’s voice.
John could not hold it in. It was so awkward to the point of both John and Mr. Holmes had burst out laughing.
Behind the one-way glass in the observation room, Greg and John looked at each other for a moment.
“If we can fool Sherlock with this one, my life would be complete.” Q commented when Moriarty’s double was revealed.
And home. Together.
“Ta. Will you
British Government, but that is wildly inaccurate. It’s what he knows, what he deduced. I’ve only let him see what he wants. What he doesn’t see, I want you to.”
After dropping John off at New Scotland Yard, I waited until he was out of sight before I texted Anthea.
“Keep walking. Don’t turn around.” I told her as I slowed down, quite certain there was someone right behind me.
The investigation begins. Sherlock, John and Greg finds out they were dealing with one serial killer, a very smart one too.
John was shopping, taking his own sweet time with selecting jams, milk, eggs… and while he was deciding which chocolate biscuit to purchase, he heard the telly from the checkout counter.
Thank you all for once reading, and are still reading my writing. Stay safe, healthy and happy.
John apologised, wanting to take Sherlock in his hand, or mouth, but the detective slapped his hand away and leaned down, using a finger to collect John’s cum. On Sherlock’s side table, there was a petri dish… then John wasn’t feeling as bad anymore.
Greg’s brain supplied.
“Bugger sodding… fuck! I have an interview.” John pulled himself away from Sherlock and ran out to get his phone, naked.
“I was there when it all blew up. I saw Anthea carrying someone out injured and I thought… I thought you were there.” Greg mumbled in between sobs. “Then I couldn’t get ahold of any one of you. John in an induced coma, Sherlock non-responsive…”
Greg felt warmth spreading inside him. Mycroft was looking straight into his eyes, a shy smile on his face. He shook his head in response to Mycroft’s question.
There were fifteen victims in total. There was no distinct pattern in gender, race or age. Sherlock found the only thing that was common between the murders and put them together.
Mycroft took a quick peek and saw his brother kissed John on the forehead.
“If there is one person in the world that loves Sherlock, it's me!” His shout echoed through the tunnel.
“Are you Doctor Watson?” Sherlock asked, and held out his palm with a scribbled ‘Delivery Order’. “Sign here please.” Sherlock pointed at a line on his palm with a pen.
“Sherlock?” He elbowed Sherlock gently, but there was no response. “Sherlock, look.” John nudged Sherlock a little harder this time.
“But this is insignificant data. Sherlock, perhaps you should accept that you’ve been outwitted.”
“Andrew West, known as Westie to his friends. Civil servant. Found dead on the tracks at Battersea Station this morning with his head smashed in.” Mycroft handed the file over to John instead.
“We intercepted a voicemail left by your wife. She had thrown all your things out of the house and asked you to ‘shove it back up your moral high horse arse’. I’ve asked Anthea to pick it up. I had every intention of revealing that to you this evening, Gregory. I sensed that it was about time you would want to move out on your own. But it seems like I did not foresee this development.”
And this is where we hit a canon diversion (or what is it called when I'm modifying from BBC Sherlock?). Storyline is pretty much the same, but there are additional off-screen bits I’ve pulled out of thin air, and on-screen bits that I’ve modified to satisfy all us shippers!
It was no secret that she is. Capable, smart, aggressive when she needs to be. All the best qualities M should have. The cherry on top is the fact that she is a woman. In this world of ours, dominated by men, a female leader would be advantageous, taking enemies off their guard.
“You shouted something. I heard you.”
At last Sherlock moved towards the man he fell in love with in that short period that they’ve known each other. When Sherlock got close enough to John, the doctor took his hands out of his pockets and pulled open his jacket to reveal the bomb strapped to his chest.
But when she announced that she was Shan, John knew he had to pretend, he had to drag this out until Sherlock, and hopefully Mycroft’s people, come to rescue him. From his experience, he knew she wouldn’t kill him that very instance. He was confident that it was a ruse to make him talk.
“Not an emergency?”
“Baker Cab.” I could almost hear her nodding in assent.
But before Sherlock and John could get properly involved, Sally had made her move.
“No, it wasn’t. You found something, haven’t you.”
“It’s none of your business, please, just leave.” She pleaded when she saw Bryn. “They will kill you too.”
“Hey,” he said when the window rolled down. “Heard everything?”
“Six rounds. More than what you get with Anderson in a month.” John said softly, just loud enough for Sally to hear when he passed her behind Sherlock.
“What was that? You don’t fancy Noodles Samosas?” I asked, at the same time holding up two fingers to the waiter to double that order.
“Moriarty was going to kill you. I couldn’t let him do that. I had to protect--” Sherlock was about to explain himself when he felt a sharp pain on his scalp. John had tugged his hair so hard he had to pull away.
The familiar voice of Q’s echoed in the room from a hidden speaker within the ceiling.
“Cover it up. Do not let them get access to it.”
.” Sherlock responded while manhandling John off his lap and stalked to the kitchen.
What really happened was John, who had no idea why Sherlock said that to Greg, asked the detective what he meant. When Sherlock had a guilty look on his face, John flipped. He suspected that Sherlock knew Greg was in the other room, but that face confirmed it. He shoved Sherlock into the next open interrogation room, pushed Sherlock to sit on one side of the table, then pulling handcuffs from Sherlock’s Belstaff pocket and cuffed Sherlock to the table.
John’s voice made Sherlock shudder, mind racing through all the possible sexual things they could do all night. He spent the entire time in the shower thinking about it, intentionally ignoring his erection in favour of what John had in store. The thoughts continued when he was in his old room with a pair of trousers and a shirt, snapping out of it when he heard John flush the toilet, knowing that he had probably less than one minute to put on his trousers at breakneck speed.
In the other room, Greg knew there was nothing he could do when he saw Sherlock cuff himself back on the table. This time, John did lock the door. All he could do was to switch everything off and leave.
“I trust you, Gregory, with everything. The papers are there to give them permission to terminate us when we are no longer sane, to prevent us from spilling secrets in moments of weakness.” Mycroft said in hushed tones. Greg shifted to sit shoulder to shoulder with Mycroft, trying to comfort the love of his life as subtly as he could manage.
A few moments later, Kate and Layla were tugging each other’s hair, rolling all over the carpet. When Layla tried to free herself from Kate’s grip, she stumbled over the coffee table and hit her head on the edge.
” And again, Sherlock’s mouth covered John’s when he starts to complain.
Black Lotus. They are back in London.
“No problem.”
Sherlock took a sip of his tea.
John was shaking, crying, screaming and thrashing about. Sherlock knew coming this close to getting shot at must have triggered his PTSD. Even with John’s fists flying close to his face, he held John, rocking back and forth trying to calm the man down.
Would the Iceman break under pressure? After all, he is human.
“And let’s not make a habit out of this.” Sherlock’s face softened, leaving their bedroom and headed down.
Nothing else was said between them that night, and surprisingly, Sherlock didn’t appear to gloat at them that night, nor the next morning.
“Yeah, I didn’t get the shopping.”
At the dinner table, both Holmes brothers behaved like they did when they were young. Mrs. Holmes wasn’t shy to smack them at the back of their head when they start squabbling like young children. Mycroft was teasing Sherlock about his new
Sherlock stood up quickly to find Sally right behind him.
Bryn was turning the corner when he heard M’s voice through his earpiece.
John dropped the basket, eggs, milk and jars of jam shattered on the aisle. He ran out through the manned counters and dropped some cash on the counter.
Looking down at his phone, he saw the time. Sherlock was supposed to be back in another two and a half hours, and there was no text message from Sherlock. There must be something Sherlock wanted to do without having John around.
Mycroft knew he was referring to John’s handgun and nodded. “I guess we are both burning the midnight oil tonight. I have a few things to wrap up from my meetings. What would you like for breakfast in the morning?”
“No. I don’t want to listen to your excuses. You knew Greg was in the other room. And what was that about revenge? Hmm? You manipulated me, putting on a show for Greg… as revenge? What do you think this is?” John pointed at the space between them, referring to their relationship, “is this all just a game to you?”
“John… what the hell?” Sherlock whispered in disbelieve.
“Yes you do. Shut up before I shut you up for good. Using your brother’s son like that… I am so disappointed in you.”
Sally reached out her hand towards Moriarty, and he shook it.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
She recognised the voice. Kate.
Towards the end of the third year, John had went back to the clinic as a paediatrician. Both himself and his psychologist agreed that contact with older male patients might be a trigger, and it would be beneficial for him to be around children to reinforce his caring nature.
It was just around the corner. I’m on Glentworth, one street from Baker.
“As you wish, brother dear. Just remember this is your last chance with John. We both know he can’t take more psychological pain after what happened. You will need to be there forever.”
John thought to himself. His mind swam around that idea for a long while before Sally’s voice made an appearance in his train of thoughts -
“Anderson, Philip.”
Sherlock grinned to himself, absolutely pleased with his handiwork while she stormed down the stairs. He paced around the living room and paused at where he was standing earlier when he shot the wall, recalling his favourite bits from earlier, enjoying the afterglow of sex. As he was about to turn and head back to the kitchen, an explosion went off from the building across his. The windows shattered and the blast pushed him forward onto the floor.
“I know you’re shaken. You shouldn’t have had to see that.”
Pulling the Belstaff off Sherlock, what he found was mouthwatering. Miles of skin and a ribbon tied around Sherlock’s waist. It seems to be attached to his pants, a futile effort hiding his erection.
“Take good care of him, Sherlock.”
“Can’t, or won’t?” Mycroft retorted with an eyebrow raised at the both of them.
“Is it alright if I hold your hand?” Greg asked after a short moment of silence between them.
“But… why? I have clothes! I’m not wearing one of your ugly sweaters!”
“Stuff I’ve got on is just too big. I can’t spare the time.”
Sherlock made a move to leave the sofa again, but John caught him in time and pushed him back down. Before Sherlock could react, John had the pillow back on his lap and laid his head down on it.
“I can’t possibly be away from the office for any length of time. Not with the Korean elections so…”
“Friend?” Sebastian asked.
“Q. Status report.” Anthea spoke towards the ceiling.
“The almighty is hungry!”
Things are never as it seems. One can only speculate the truth, and no one really knows the whole truth.
“Too late. He took a picture.” The backup said.
He knew what it was without touching or looking at it.
“As much as it hurts, he needs Sherlock. You can’t deny your brother his biggest chance at survival.”
Anderson had came out and testified that he was having an affair with Sally, not Layla. However, evidence Sally had planted in the apartment said otherwise. All Sally had to do now was to act out the part of a girlfriend betrayed by her lover.
“There’s more to our marriage than love. I feel something for you Sally, but it’s not enough to throw away my life with Kate. Please, just let this go.”
John turned around when Sherlock stripped off his robe, not wanting to ruin his appetite for later. When he heard the zipper being pulled up, he turned around and marched straight to the brunet. With one hand, he turned Sherlock around and held both Sherlock’s wrists behind his back, then marched him towards the bed. John gave Sherlock’s shoulders a kiss on each side, then shoved the taller man onto the bed, releasing his hands.
“No, you’re not worthless. You are my heart, my soul, my life, John. You are worth every stab, every gunshot, every whip that I’ve endured. You are worth all the insults that the world can throw at me, you are worth all the sleepless nights and days. You are worth it all to me, if it keeps you safe, if it keeps you with me for our whole lives. I’ve promised you everyday in the past three weeks that I will never leave you behind, and I will remind you everyday of that promise until the day you die. I will not let myself die before you.”
“I called Sheppard and asked them to tailor one for you. It’s less stiff, a more comfortable material to wear underneath jumpers.” Greg smiled, knowing that he had once again surprised his lover.
John felt something heavy lifted off his chest.
“I want you to come on my cock alone. I’m going to hold you, but you need to come from this,” John emphasised what he meant by giving his hips a hard shove, pushing his cock hard against Sherlock’s spot.
“I will help you Kate,” Sally reached out her hand and placed it above Kate’s, “tell me everything you remember and we will try our best.”
We also bugged the phone (obviously) when we inspected it. It would be moronic of us to not expect a call. And the moment we were alerted to an incoming call on that pink phone, there was a whirlwind of action within Q-Branch. Anthea and I walked right in the middle of it, holding burgers and chips to find Q… frantic.
“Manners!” She shouted. “I taught you better than that, Mycroft Alexander Holmes!”
“Then, yes. I would love to.”
“I need to ask some advice.”
“Yes.”
“HE DOES!” Molly yelled over Sherlock’s words, “He was calling out your name, Sherlock. Your name! He only has you in his mind even now. He doesn’t even know you’re still alive. I cannot imagine the pain he would go through when he wakes up and realises that you’ve abandoned him again, and worse, at the time when he needed you the most. Do you even understand what you are trying to do Sherlock Holmes?!”
As Bryn walked away, he heard sounds of spray cans hissing, confident that Raz would do well. His own task was to be one step ahead of Sherlock, and that meant finding Soo Lin before the duo did.
And luckily, Sherlock stopped it from happening. “Stop it.”
And for the first time, she caught Greg and Mycroft rutting against each other on the kitchen sink. She was more than furious. It wasn’t because they were in love, no...
“Bryn. Are you coming out or what?” Anthea tugged my wrist while holding the elevator door open with one foot.
Sherlock paced around the crime scene, looking for clues. This time, Moriarty left him an obvious clue. On the wall Anderson was facing, Jim spray painted his infamous phrase ‘Did you miss me?’ and a smiley face.
“Good man.” John praised while running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, then tugging it hard to pull Sherlock up, his chest flush against Sherlock’s back. When Sherlock leaned his weight back against John, the Captain wrapped his hands towards the front of Sherlock’s chest, palms brushing over Sherlock’s peaked nipples.
“Sh--
“I’m surprised you still remember me, James. M told me you’ve been very, very naughty.” She stood up and walked towards her sons. “All this we built for the both of you, and you decide to have your own fun, without thinking about the consequences, hmm?”
Sherlock silently added.
“Almost there. I felt that--
“Two blocks south. Clear line towards her. Team Delta move out now.” She ordered. Swivelling around the chair, she stared at Q, to the food, and back at Q. “Eat! Can’t have you pass out from hunger saving Juliet, hmm?” She barked it out like an order. It might have been the worse time, but I have never been so turned on by someone barking orders. Q complied, and pulled out chip after chip, then the burger, shoving as much as he could into his mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
Then John happened. Ever since they have met each other, Sherlock had started to build a family with him unknowingly. It wasn’t the greatest family unit in the world, but for Sherlock, the two of them was enough. It was perfect.
“Oh god! John!” Sherlock moaned as John ground his hips down, putting a significant amount of pressure on Sherlock’s crotch with his own. His eyes were shut tight, afraid of triggering an orgasm from seeing John in his camouflage. The sight of his very own Captain Watson made his trousers even tighter than they already were, and he was sure his zipper had made an imprint on the underside of his cock.
“Well, I had offered to get it through for you, but I know how important it is to you that you get things done right. I won’t push it. And you will not be like her. I promised.”
“Fine.”
It really did not matter what Greg had in mind to
“John?”
“Tell me, how does that feel?”
“Oh Sherlock.” John moaned, his hands holding Sherlock’s hips, pulling the detective flush against himself. “Are we going to do this every year now? Could be a Christmas tradition between us.”
And on her 31st birthday, she received her first present (victim) from Moriarty. He would send her a card with a name on it, and they were not easy targets. Years of practice made Sally a sharp predator. The thrill of danger only fuelled her adrenaline more, and it made Sally a dangerous killer.
“Innocent until proven guilty, and vice versa. Could be both of you at the same time. But in this case, find Anderson’s wife.”
One of Moriarty’s men found Anderson living in the basement of an empty warehouse. They were using the warehouse’s ground floor for a drug transaction when they heard pots and pans clatter below them. They kept him tied up in the basement and called Moran.
“What did you send?” Mycroft asked, then peeked over at Greg’s mobile to read the message John sent. A loud gasp, then a groan came from both of them when they realised what John had done to them.
“Mycroft, I would give you more if I had them. I’ve been on this killer’s trail for years.”
Mister Kaplan's character was taken from a Netflix series called Blacklist. She's this little old lady with a skill that helps people disappear. Basically Mycroft in an old woman's body working on the other side of law & order.
This will be as close to a slumber party as possible for a Holmes.
“But he promised… in good times or bad times. There must be something we are missing.”
“Hey, you got my name right!” Greg exclaimed excitedly.
“Sh-- Sher-- Shr’lock...” John strained through his ventilator.
“Shit!” John knew for a fact that they never leave the window open. It can only mean one thing - Sherlock climbed out! He ran towards the door, jumping down the steps.
“Really.” Sherlock responded without looking away from the telly.
“I deeply apologise, Mother. There was no excuse. You were right, I should have known better.” He said while giving Greg a nudge to say something.
John ignored Sherlock’s complaint. He could tell Sherlock was secretly pleased to wear it for him.
“Sure.” I had the file open on the kitchen counter. “But what is your name?” When there was no reply, I looked up and saw he was gone. Gathering up my things, I walked to the front door to see his car was also gone, along with the men in black suits hiding in our garden.
“Your passwords aren’t exactly Fort Knox. And they never use their real names.”
Both of them had led fairly normal lives. Went to public schools, college and eventually graduated with flying colors. They were very capable young men, and everyone who worked for The Web knew that the twins would take the organization to greater heights.
Sherlock had came across this man when one of the homeless girls disappeared from his network. The detective went on a search with John, only to stumble across this man. Four text message and a call from John later, they were at the Yard, preparing to charge the man with multiple counts of murder, rape and lewd acts against a minor.
It was one of Sherlock’s old trousers with dull patches of bleach stains, and a patched spot where there was a bullet hole before. “Where did you get this?” Sherlock asked, and knew better to refuse wearing them.
“Ah, Sherlock Holmes! If it helps, I do work in the same hospital as his blogger. Doctor Watson might put in a good word for you.”
But what he loved more was the feeling of Sherlock’s skin against his. They were sweating through the night, and parts of their bodies felt like it was stuck together with glue. Instead of feeling disgusted, he cherished it. The best part was feeling Sherlock’s knee grinding against his morning erection. That itself made John realise Sherlock had been awake for some time.
Bryn drove the cab away from where the circus was, and John asked to be taken to Scotland Yard. While they were on the road, Q sent a team to the circus and nabbed the one man left behind by Black Lotus, unconscious, but not dead.
“Baker Cab Company.” Bryn picked up the phone after one ring.
“Would you let me ask properly?”
John & Sherlock on a date. Canon divergence - John never dated anyone else since the first BBC episode.
“How… you both can do that… deduction thing? Oh, never mind.” John gave up trying to ask how they knew when he noticed splashes of milk on the edge of his trousers and stains on his shoes.
... and Rayna misses him so much.” John said while nursing his sixth pint. Mycroft and Greg had invited John over while she spent the weekend at the Holmes’ estate.
Four months after that promise was made, right after the case with the cabbie serial killer, Greg saw a face he was dying to see all week. Looking over his shoulder from the ambulance, Greg watched as Sherlock and John walked away from the man he had lived with for the past four months.
Everything has gone back to normal… almost.
“I’m alright, Gregory. Just got some… issues.”
Sherlock walked past her towards the window and stared at John as he crosses the street, heading in the direction of Tesco.
“Apology accepted, and I forgive you.” John held Sherlock’s face and leaned down, kissing the detective, wiping tears away from his cheeks, then leaned really close to his ear, whispering “shall we plan your revenge then?”
John took a minute standing back to admire the view before him. Sherlock, bent over on their bed, arse stuck up high with his back arched, making small movements trying to grind himself against the trousers. He raised one hand high, and swung it down on Sherlock’s right arse cheek, “stop that.”
And rang.
Sally nodded and gave Lestrade a light smile when he declared war against Tommy’s killer. Unbeknown to everyone there, his murderer was standing right in front of them.
“So you know! Oh god, now she’s really gonna flip! Who’s the homewrecker?”
“Detective. I know just the person. There’s this guy he complains about all the time. He consults for the yard. I’ll look him up on that blog.”
John repeated.
Zhi Zhu said, and he shot his sister right in the head. As soon as he pulled the trigger, he ran, and Bryn was on his tail. He didn’t want to open fire and attract Zhi Zhu’s accomplice. His accomplice met him few streets away from the museum and ran zigzag for another few hundred meters before Bryn lost them.
She begged. She knew he was about to kill her. Pleading would not work. Bryn had to make himself known now. And he stood out into the light, but Zhi Zhu still had his back towards him. He was still too far away from them to move in.
At home that night, John couldn’t sleep. He kept thinking about how close Sherlock was, how he smelled and how chicken shit he was not kissing the man! His thoughts wandered along the hands of Sherlock’s under his own, how smooth his skin was even with the amount of experiments he did… He sat up abruptly when his cock started filling up, and decided to write a quick blog post to rid of his dirty thoughts.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed happily as he leaned down to kiss John, mumbling against John’s lips, “that you can do, honey.”
Slowly, Sherlock pushed in little by little until he was fully seated. John felt like he was going to explode. It was a little uncomfortable, but when Sherlock gave it a slight thrust, he saw stars in his eyes. John wasn’t aware that he was drooling onto the pillow, gasping, whining and moaning loudly.
“Did you just say
“Sherlock’s home.”
“You… you had a row with a machine?” Sherlock asked disbelievingly.
For a moment, Greg thought Mycroft was taking a piss, “piece of paper? Is that what you posh people say two hundred pages?” The DI giggled, but the look on the other man’s face was serious. And oh, Greg had no idea how terrifying Mycroft Holmes is, at all.
Here's a long chapter for you guys this week because there's nothing coming next week. Away on a long business trip to the middle of nowhere!
John knew at this point that the blank bits of his recollection were caused by his PTSD, and there was no doubt he had nightmares all night long.
“Hey, slow down. We have no evidence, but Sherlock has been insinuating it for months now. We know who it is, but does she want proof for… you know, court cases and such?”
There's a bloody head in the fridge and all our boys want is to have sex on the sofa.
John nodded, and Sherlock pushed John’s knees up as far as it could go, greedily licking at John’s hole. He wasn’t good with intimacy, but sex was nothing new to him. It used to be a way to curb his hormones, or a transaction, but this was new. This will not be fast and hard like it used to be.
He slowed down when he heard John panting and moaning, his spent cock seemed to be interested once again. Sherlock nuzzled John’s balls with his nose, and gave it a tentative lick. John held the bedsheet in his hands tighter. And Sherlock did that again, this time with a little more pressure, randomly taking one into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it.
“Mycroft?” Greg called out when he heard a door slam upstairs. The rattle that he heard after the slam indicated that it was Mycroft’s office door. It has a fancy knocker that had came loose four months ago and rattles when he closes the door a little too hard.
“I remember going home that night and had a bottle of wine. Liquid courage… I wanted to lay it all out with Philip that night. But before he came home, I remembered something about that lingerie… the look on Layla’s face when I showed it to her. She looked… surprised? Or guilty even. I thought maybe I should flip through his stuff, maybe I’ll find something… and I did. Her… her ID from the hospital was in his backpack!”
“Is Sherlock alright?” Greg was now worried. It wasn’t very often that Mycroft lashes out physically towards inanimate objects. In fact, it had only happened twice since Greg had moved in.
“I feel like shit, they make me do shit and I need a shit.”
“Perhaps you can get through to him, John.”
“No. Shut up! What did I say… did YOU promise me in Dartmoor? Hmm? Did you forget all that already?” John shouted. He was angry, furiously pacing back and forth across the table from Sherlock.
He hid in the dark and watched Soo Lin remove a teapot from the display case, taking it to her station. Sherlock was right behind her. When he made himself known, it startled her, almost dropping the antique teapot. When Sherlock and John spoke to Soo Lin in the museum, it was too late for Bryn to stop them from getting involved. She had revealed too much to them. Now, he can only hope that all three of them don’t get hurt.
There were three stacks of case files in the middle. He took the stack on the far left and opened the first file.
John moaned in his throat lowly when Sherlock switched from his knee to his thigh, trapping John’s erection against the softest part of his inner thigh against John’s stomach. Sherlock was also hard, bucking his hips and rubbing himself on John’s hip.
Harry nodded quietly as she let her tears fall and soaked Molly’s clothed shoulder.
“No. It’s never twins!” Sherlock shouted with a dramatic swirl, turned to face Mister Holmes.
”You’re catching on buddy!” And once again laughter erupted between all three of them this time while John gave Greg a few friendly smacks on his back.
Perhaps only between John and Sherlock. Involving everyone else... bit not good.
“Indeed.” John’s nose was buried in Sherlock’s hair and he inhaled the smell of Sherlock before all the hair product was used. It smelled like home.
“What do you think happened?” John asked as they walked away from the scene.
“I was hiding behind that wall until there was no sound… she was crying and… I went to her, and I saw the blood. So much blood! I asked her if she’s alright but she went limp… I tried to… I held her but… She wasn’t breathing. Oh god…” She buried her face in her palms and continued to sob.
Sally's 29th birthday, and her first taste of one-upping Sherlock Holmes.
“The Van Buren Supernova!” Sherlock shouted, and the countdown stopped. As DI Lestrade moved out to find the kid, Q’s already had someone right outside on standby to pick him up. The child, was returned to his father, personally by M, way before New Scotland Yard got close enough to pick up radio signals. It was still a mystery to us who it was until much, much later.
The day after tomorrow couldn’t arrive soon enough. John was a nervous wreck. He kept looking over at the clock on the mantle, wishing for time to pass. He closed his eyes and leaned back on the sofa, wishing Sherlock would call or text soon, otherwise he would go crazy. He heard his phone ping and his eyes snapped wide open.
“Looks like your blogger gave you a limp. What’s wrong? Arse hurts a little, freak?”
Holmes’ big brother.
“You’ve got to find those plans Sherlock.”
Perhaps he’s not a lost cause. “Yes, mother. Because of us, and father.”
John nodded.
“A book that everybody would own.”
My stomach churned. I glanced nervously towards Anthea, and her fists were clenched. She already knew.
“Let’s try this again…” One hand she held his hair and pulled his head up facing her, the other hand with the knife held against his chest over his heart. She pushed the tip and it pierced through half a centimeters.
The first part were exerpts from The Coronation: BBC One.
It was almost midnight when they got to the takeout restaurant. Sherlock knew the owners and got them out of an immigration fine for hiring illegal workers. After they had gotten their food, the owner made himself scarce.
“And I can’t tell my parents any of this?”
An hour later, she found herself standing at the same doorway as Sergeant Sally Donovan. An emergency call came in when the neighbour complained about water trickling down her ceiling. When the landlord opened Layla’s door, he found her dead in the living room and the murder weapon next to her.
Molly.
“What’s so amusing now?” John asked while examining a limb. “This is pretty chopped up. The killer is probably an amateur, or first-timer.”
Sherlock never left London, not even for one minute in the past eight months but he never went home to John and Rayna.
“This is my friend, John Watson.”
“Hmm…” Mycroft hummed across them.
“Would you like to move in?”
“Come in.” John said when he heard Sherlock knock on their bedroom door.
John thought that was endearing.
Psychopaths wouldn’t understand love as an emotion. However, possessiveness would be an adequate equivalent to love.
Sherlock knew he had crossed the line, again. He came clean and told John what it was about.
Tears fell. John had started to cry without knowing.
“Good… that’s... good. Just wanted to be sure.” Greg cleared his throat and took a deep breath. “I want to be with you Mycroft, but I hope you understand we can’t cross a certain line until I’m officially divorced.”
“Tsk tsk. You’re wrong, junior. Twins.” Q sing-songed in a high pitch over the speakers.
He gave her a hug and a peck on her cheek before she left. As he walked back into the sitting room and placed a cuppa down for Sherlock, he noticed in one of the evidence bags, the cipher had scribbles on it.
The man said.
“If I knew for sure that Mycroft was watching I would’ve done it.”
“I love you too Mycroft.” Greg whispered, but Mycroft was already in his car, two blocks away from the crime scene.
I was recruited at 17, and that was 20 years ago. I had always been an exemplary student. Straight As, captain of the rugby team, dated both cheerleaders and captain of the ladies football team. The day I finished my A-levels, there was a black Mercedes sedan in front of my home.
“Are you boys smoking?” She asked, knowing they wouldn’t admit it. But it’s really adorable to see them panic about these little things.
“How’s the diet?”
They were all stabbed in the back alley and had an opened bottle of wine beside or near the body.
“That emergency call two days ago, from Mycroft. I couldn’t delete it.”
They were… ‘getting it on’ as idiots would call it, at the back of Mycroft’s car.”
When M returned to active duty, he was required to have the umbrella with him at all times. There were a few instances where A found him carrying a regular umbrella, and the shitstorm that went through Q-branch was terrifying.
“Mrs. Holmes, I am really, really sorry. We are both grown men, we should have respected your home and you both more than anything.”
“Well, Mycroft kidnapped me, and I told them I’ll keep you from knowing…” John looked around again and whispered, “shit. Do you think they’ve been listening here?”
John tied a few bedsheets together and threw one end over the beam in the attic. He held his head in the loop, tip toed on a stool.
“This wasn’t your fault. But you can make things better,” Molly held Harry in her arms and swayed gently, “Please, let Sherlock see John. They need each other.”
“You should believe him, you know. Sherlock Holmes is nothing at all like him.”
Sherlock held John’s hand, not letting go. John was unconsciously holding Sherlock’s hand too, and had no intentions of letting go. The detective read John’s expression and knew what he was thinking.
He stabbed the victim once in his chest before pulling the knife out and sliced the victim’s throat.
Sherlock snorted while he walked past the corpse, or bits and pieces of it, while the shop across the street blasted Elvis Presley’s Blue Christmas.
Sherlock made it difficult for John to hold on. The moment he felt Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around his cock, he only teetered around the edge for a few seconds, then he came with Sherlock still pounding against his prostate. His orgasm was stretched long and thin, almost snapping him into half. His body was shaking as Sherlock kept his spent cock wrapped in those long violinist fingers.
“All dead except Erik.”
“That’s not much to work with.”
“Don’t I have to sign thousands of pages of paperwork to hear this? What’s this about?” Greg was starting to get concerned. The car was still stationary, parked where it picked them up after Samuel’s funeral, waiting for Mycroft to signal it to move. When he finally pushed the button, he hung his head low and stared down at his own feet.
In town, Mrs. Holmes was nursing a cup of tea trying to simmer down when her mobile buzzed in her purse.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There was someone else, but I couldn’t see, or hear… I don’t remember what happened, but I know I didn’t kill Layla. It wasn’t me!”
“Then what happened?”
Greg turned his head and stared at Mycroft, puzzled with those three words. “What’s that?” He asked when Mycroft said nothing to explain.
“Considering who you’re about to marry, you’re as far as Pluto is away from the sun in terms of being normal.” John chipped in after a heartbeat.
SMUT ALERT. We earned the Explicit rating - for reals this time.
“All right?” Sherlock asked while releasing the bomb vest on John. “Are you all right?” He asked again when John started breathing irregularly.
Bryn raised a hand and stopped John from continuing, “don’t want to know what he’s thinking about then, thank you very much.”
“I thought something had happened to you. Never, ever do that to me again, you understand? I can’t lose you Mycroft. Promise me.” Greg was crying, releasing tears from hours of emotions built up thinking that Mycroft had gotten injured, or worse, dead.
“I do.”
“Harry,” Molly was panting, chasing Harry along the corridor, “Please, stop!”
“Try that again, soldier.”
“Don’t need you to tell me that.”
“Exactly.” It was all Sherlock said as he walked away with John in his arms.
“That’s a shame, because I really want to go back to sleep now. I was hoping you’d join me.”
John let his tears fall. He cried and cried while holding Sherlock’s hand tight. He was in no condition to have a conversation. He was in pain, physically and mentally. His heart hurts, his stomach churned with memories of living as a slave. His eyes stung from the overwhelming flood of tears.
Posting this a day earlier because I'm headed into the deep jungle early in the morning. Wish me luck! xx
While we waited for our takeaway, we sat at a table by the door. She was still very much occupied with whatever she’s doing on her Blackberry, so I’ve left her to it. Twenty agonizing minutes later, we had Indian takeaway in our hands, moving onto the next destination for our cheeseburgers.
“Even if I’m worthless as I am now?”
“Think it over. Goodbye John, see you very soon.” He shook John’s hand, leaving the couple in their flat, one annoyed, the other absolutely befuddled as to what went down in the past ten minutes.
I sat in place, not moving a muscle, waiting for the call to come. Took them little over a minute.
Moriarty opened his eyes and found his mother, who was more commonly known as Mister Kaplan, sitting across him with a book in her hand.
“I know. He’s in my wing in his mind palace.” John smiled. “I bet he’s thinking about what we did--”
“Are you sure about this?”
Jim chuckled over the phone and whispered, “Philip Anderson.”
“Won’t be in a few hours. I need to go. Don’t wait up for me. Goodnight.” He gave Greg a peck on the lips and turned around to leave, only to be pulled back by a strong arm around his waist.
“It was you! You’re my best friend! How dare you!”
have I fucked up by underestimating Sherlock’s ability to relate Soo Lin’s apartment to The Lucky Cat. Why had he thought that soaked mail had anything to do with it?
“It's an abomination. You stuff noodles into flour with some spices, is that what it is?” She replied with a faux-disgusted look on her face.
“We have a mole.” M said. So far, it was only Anthea and I in the discussion. I wasn’t aware that he was listening in the entire time.
“Bored.” Sherlock said to Billy the skull. “Do you know if John would be home soon? Of course you don’t.” With a huff, he went into his bedroom and changed into something more comfortable, then flopped on his bed, face buried in the pillow John slept in. He missed John, deeply. The urge of cuddling up to his doctor was so strong, he needed something stave it off while John was out.
“I don’t need a keeper!”
Starting a new Christmas tradition at 221B Baker Street...
While I placed the order, she glanced up at me and frowned.
When the brothers finally came back to rejoin the group, bread pudding was served, and the dinner table was once again bustling with warmth and laughter. Three couples, two generations and one family, sharing their lives with each other without barriers. For the first time, Mrs. Holmes saw the sparkle in her younger son’s eyes as John fed him a spoonful of pudding. For the first time, she saw Mycroft’s smile causing the side of his eyes to wrinkle.
This would be her second kill since Sherlock started consulting with NSY.
“What happened?”
Sherlock did not miss Jim’s voice at all. He cringed at the thought of spending an afternoon with the criminal consultant.
law and order. When Gloria’s father passed away, she took over the Kaplan’s empire and kept her father’s name, operating under the same alias as her old man - Mister Kaplan.
Just when John was about to move Sherlock to see his face, someone’s phone rang.
“Ah, of course, my apologies Molly. Know that John and I are available to assist you during this time of bereavement, but of course it would be subjected to our schedule.” Sherlock declared the last sentence with sharp enunciation, as if he had memorize a script.
“My condolences Molly. I hope everything is alright at home?”
“Well, it isn’t always him. Some days I get yelled at for not paying, then I know it’s not him… It wasn’t difficult finding out about the cab company too. I just didn’t expect Mycroft to reach so far this time, setting up a company and taking over the Transport Ministry, all that just to keep an eye on me. That night when we chased the cabbie, he was there, the cabbie.”
“One more, Sherlock. Hurry up.” John panted.
“Don’t be silly John. I rarely sleep anyway.”
“Thank you, honey.”
. That was the first, and would be the most cherished adjective in his Mind Palace. John had called him all sorts - amazing, brilliant, genius, fantastic, marvelous, incredible,
I snapped at myself. There was already enough going on. The last thing we need is a distracted agent, thrown off by another agent...
Today marks the fourth year of their first kiss.
“Well, breaking a pattern because of a broken heart… how cliche.”
The day went by quickly and it was close to nine in the evening when I was done with that file. It wasn’t the thickest file I’ve ever had to study, but the idea of failing Mister Holmes made me study it with some extra motivation. Motivation to stay alive.
“It’s Latin, loosely translated to The Controller of World Governments. That’s who I really am. Sherlock refers to me as
(See the end of the chapter for
“When have I gave you the idea that your feelings weren’t returned? Why would I have invited you to my home in the first place?”
“Let her go.”
It was to be expected that a date with Sherlock Holmes isn’t like any other dates. Of course he’s found something, and the circus held the key to all the answers.
Sherlock grumbles quietly, but opened his eyes and saw that he was still naked in the tub. The water has gone cold, and his fingers were pruned. It took a lot of effort to heave himself up and out. He grabbed the nearest towel and held it out for John, then wrapped himself in another one. His mind was blank. It had been awhile since he slept into the REM phase.
She laughed in his face.
John felt the Sherlock’s shiver at his fingertips. He gently pulled out and wiped his hand on Sherlock’s bathrobe from the floor, then moved up to cup Sherlock’s face in a gentle kiss. He felt the detective shuddering, and realised a moment later that he was crying.
They went to DI Dimmock, and was granted access to the crime scene for five minutes. There was a lot Sherlock could find in five minutes.
“That ok?” John asked when he pulled away. It was an innocent kiss, just a peck on the lips, but John wanted more. He needed Sherlock to be alright with more.
He was excited but worried at the same time. While they have explored many sexual acts, one that had not yet happen was Sherlock bottoming. He’s had John’s finger a few times, not that Sherlock cared, but he never had a good experience being penetrated. He was either high or knocked out when those times happened, and the aftermath was a little hassle to deal with. There were never any serious injuries, because even when he was high, he made sure that he was well loosened up before making any deals, just in case a blowjob wasn’t enough to pay for his building tolerance to cocaine.
“Then can we go back to starting our Christmas tradition?” John smiled coyly, looking up at Sherlock through his eyelashes.
I didn’t know what was scarier - dropping the explosives or Anthea’s mother.
But tonight was all about Sherlock, to let him feel and enjoy the beauty of his own transport.
“Hello John.”
“You are physically attracted to me.” Sherlock said in a blurt when he made that connection in his head, slamming doors of his mind palace and haphazardly locking up. He had to get back and make sure John was.
Still on Author's POV.
“We like each other, hmm?” Sherlock asked.
“Yeah. What an arsehole, talking to Mrs Hudson like that. She really puts up with him, you know?”
coming
Sherlock knew he had to stay calm. He scanned around the pool to find who else is there. Andrew West, the plans, how insistent Mycroft was… he knew it was not a coincidence.
Mrs Hudson and Sherlock had moved into the safe house with John after Sherlock was released from Mycroft’s custody. No one else except for Mycroft, Lestrade and John’s attorney knew where this was. John’s nightmares were violent. It was worst than the ones he had when he first moved into 221B. Sherlock had started to sleep on the floor next to John after the doctor had fallen asleep so he could be there when the nightmare starts.
“Gorgeous. You’re fucking gorgeous Sherlock…” he whispered against Sherlock’s neck, gently nibbling around the chain of his dog tags around Sherlock’s neck. “Don’t come until I say so.” He switched to his Captain Watson tone.
Finally I have answers for WHO THE HELL IS J. I've never seen Mycroft as a cold hearted beast. He's actually a fragile sheet of ice.
” Sherlock came when John clenched his hole around his cock buried deep. “Oh John!” He shouted John’s name over and over as he rode out his orgasm.
“Possibly mate. I go ‘round this side of town often.”
“Hmm… I’d like to think I control the world, but not just yet. Perhaps someday.” He opened his pocket watch and started to move towards the door.
Samuel’s brother gave a short whispered eulogy of his brother with Anthea and I on his either side. Mister Holmes stood across us from the freshly dug grave with DI Lestrade holding his hand. We all knew how Mister Holmes felt about losing someone, especially after what happened in China.
Every time I recall that conversation, I would scoff. How spot on my dad was! I mean, Woomera did almost kill me. In fact, every single day since I became Aaron, I had one foot in hell’s gate at all times.
The voice said in John’s ear, but John didn’t repeat it.
And then it was midnight. Sherlock showed up at the pool. It was quiet. He held up the memory stick and recited the little speech he prepared earlier, “Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present. Oh, that’s what it’s all been for, hasn’t it? All your little puzzles, making me dance... all to distract me from this.”
“No! You’re mine, Philip. I can’t let you go back to her… Come away with me for my birthday next week, please. You don’t even love her anymore!”
“You’re sad? Angry? Now you know how I felt. I had you. You were mine, and you will always be.” She pulled her knife out of her boot and pointed it at his heart.
“Hold on there doctor Watson. We’ll let him back in here in a minute.”
“Wouldn’t the killer know to do a better job after so many failed attempts to frame someone?” Greg asked half-heartedly.
“Yeah.”
The cab took him an hour away from the warehouse into the suburbs. They stopped in front of a dainty little cottage. Alighting from the cab, Sherlock noticed the front door opening.
“Aaron.” I answered.
“Let’s walk through the park.” She said, and grabbed my hand, linking our fingers together.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sally, oh thank god. Get me out of this chair.”
The next morning, John woke up tangled in a blanket he did not recognise. It was softer than his own, and thicker.
Two chapters this week! This extra chapter is specially dedicated to JunkenMetel. Thank you for being such an amazing reader, and this chapter should give you some answers from earlier comments! xx
“I need a pickup from the intersection of Marylebone Road and Balcombe Street.”
“Banana pancakes again?” Greg nodded excitedly and Mycroft gave in with a smile. “See you in the morning.” Mycroft reached out and gave Greg’s shoulder a squeeze before reluctantly letting go. “Try to cut down on those cigarettes. You’re not getting any younger.”
We couldn’t let it show. Anxiety, relief. Absolutely not, lest we give away the fact that Samuel was alive and sort-of-well. He was still in hiding during the funeral, and weeks after, until Mister Holmes decided it was time to put him out of his misery a little earlier than expected...
“Oh, I’m sure something will turn up, Sherlock. A nice murder. That’ll cheer you up!” She chuckled and headed towards the door.
“Just leave the dishes in the sink and go take a shower. Thoroughly, my love. I’m gonna need five minutes, alright?” John said as he stood up to go upstairs to their bedroom.
Mycroft knew there was no point arguing with the DI about how dangerous this could be, from experience. Gregory would always end the argument with ‘because I want to and I’m a grown ass man capable of defending himself’.
, was what Mycroft almost said, “... mind terribly if we held it out for another period of time?”
, Greg thought to himself halfway and paused... “but I haven’t mentioned we were engaged?”
The crime scene can wait.
Sherlock stole a book from the crime scene that led the duo to the library, and found another painted sign, the same one as they found at the bank, behind a shelf.
“If that was your way of saying I’m an obnoxious narcissist, you are probably right. But I am willing to share some of that with you, John Watson.” Sherlock finished the story nonchalantly, trying to avoid John’s eyes but failing miserably.
“Hang on,” Greg turned off the stove with one hand, abandoning his dinner and grabbed his own jacket on the kitchen counter, “I’m coming with you.”
“Here.” John motioned to the bed when Sherlock came running back up, shouting about how it wasn’t possible. “You can wear my old shirt and this sweater. My pants would be a little too short for you, but I’m sure this one,” he pulled out a pair of trousers from the back of his wardrobe, “should still fit you.”
“Hold on, Sherlock.” John interrupted Sherlock and opened a few files randomly from all three piles. “Oh god, we are looking for one killer. I’m sure of it.”
“Oh god, Sherlock!” John pulled Sherlock into his arms and cried. They stayed there in each other’s arms for a good ten minutes before Sherlock pulled away slightly, held his forehead against John’s.
“Sherlock. Did I hurt you? I’m sorry!” John panicked, but Sherlock shook his head and wrapped himself around John.
Sherlock bought milk. John thought that was odd. Even with what they were going through, Sherlock was still the same brat. He had started to do chores together with John, because Sherlock knew John doing it alone would remind him of when he was in captivity.
When compared to other crime scenes, this was not the worst. There was fairly little blood where the body parts are. It was obvious that the victim was killed in the bathtub, later drained of her blood before the killer chopped her up and laid pieces of her body in the living room.
“Wait, let me guess. She found out about his affair?”
dress code for the family dinner table.” Mycroft kept tugging at his shirt sleeve under the jumper, feeling a tad bit uncomfortable.
“Then you went to Layla’s apartment?”
Back in the kitchen, Mr. Holmes was alone with his two future son-in-laws, and they were awkwardly sipping on wine. Greg is terrible at breaking ice in these situations, but he couldn’t stand the tension across the table anymore.
“Ah, how it was stolen was interesting. He was more interested in the why. The owner claims that there was a mini explosion inside the display cabinet. Just enough to blow a small hole for the diamond to slip through to the bottom. The explosion triggered safety protocols, and the diamond was supposed to be at the bottom of the cabinet, only it wasn’t. The protocol took an hour. By the time they got back to find it, the diamond was gone.”
I'm playing very fast and loose with the theme, but I think it's good enough since I've wrote the "Family" theme in an earlier chapter with Mr. & Mrs. Holmes.
The younger Holmes squirmed when he heard Mycroft’s tone. Something was coming towards them, and with Mycroft behaving like that, he knew things were going to get very ugly, very soon.
Sherlock broke more test tubes that day than he did his entire life.
Surprises are not easy to pull off. One must wonder how Mycroft Holmes plans his surprises, being the mastermind that he is.
Before John could ask ‘why not join me in the shower’, he saw how Sherlock was fixated at the stained spot where John came the second time. “That’s contaminated, Sherlock. I’ll give you another one tomorrow.” He commented with a chuckle.
Greg stood by the door for a long moment, trying to figure out what Sherlock meant when he heard another door slam shut, followed by John’s muffled shouting.
John dragged Sherlock to the scene when he heard that Layla was murdered.
Sherlock was truly enjoying the closeness of John, the warmth radiating from the doctor made his mind blank. When John suddenly pulled away, Sherlock groaned in protest, but not for long. John bent low and lifted Sherlock from the ground, carrying him bridal-style into the bedroom, dropping Sherlock in the middle of a perfectly made bed.
Sherlock stayed squatted by the sidewalk and deciphered the rest of the cipher from the wall. Q saw it through the CCTV and knew that it was too late. Sherlock was diving head first into Black Lotus’ operation.
They were all stabbed in their homes with an obvious suspect but later proven to be not. Framed. Layla’s murder was the fifth.
“Ugh, freaks.”
I honestly feel that this is a very poor attempt of mine. I have no idea how I let the story drift so far away from what I expected/wanted it to be. I have an alternate ending that I may post as Chapter 8, but in the meantime I'd like to complete the story.
Warning: Smut ahead.
“I’m afraid my brother can be very intransigent.”
It was a statement masked as a question. Of course I knew she could, but would she want to talk to me?
“I am given access to everything and anything I require to make decisions for… everything. The richest family in the world who controls the financial sphere, governments, secret agencies, espionage. Anything you can think of, every conspiracy you’ve ever heard, I probably had a finger in it.
“What is it? Sherlock…” John walked slowly towards Sherlock and placed his hand gently on the detective’s, the same way he had his hands over Sherlock’s few days ago while he was bandaging it.
“Do you want to know what happened last night?” Sherlock offered when John frowned at him.
Mister Kaplan walked out of the door behind Moriarty, and obviously ambushed him from the look of pure terror on his face. One prick of the needle and we had Moriarty slumping down like a strand of cooked spaghetti.
John got on the cab and asked Bryn to take him to Scotland Yard. On their way there, John pulled out a printed picture of the cipher and showed it to Bryn. He recognised it. Last time he saw this was during the extraction of Mister Holmes in China. It had ties to Operation Flower. To the person who shot M.
“The Jaria diamond vanished when the owner went for a drink and showed it off to his associates. But of course, someone planned to steal it, and it vanished. It’s barely a one, John.”
Something was fishy. Who comes all the way into a small village to hire a 17 year old?
Samuel made contact when he received news of his brother being held hostage. We had to strip him off his undercover status and back into the field with me on the next mission - three pips. We almost gave up when the call came. For the first time in a very long time, M was personally taking over operations. No one knew who the old lady was, until Anthea’s ice-cold facade shattered in front of myself and M.
“I won’t let you die, John. Not if I can stop it.”
“You mean my detective gig?” John chuckled remembering Sherlock’s reaction when he used that phrase last night. “Come on, have a sit and tell me what’s going on?”
“I know love. I know. Believe me, I share the same sentiment.” Greg said as he pulled Mycroft close to lean on his shoulder, gently petting the back of Mycroft’s head, enjoying the fleeting moment.
“Then I saved you, Mycroft and Lestrade showed up, I carried you back here, threw you in the shower and here we are.”
Sherlock managed to solve the case of Mister Monkford relocating to Colombia in time. Our team was already on standby to disarm the lad, and he too was shipped off to join Q’s sister in Q-Branch.
It was nice to see Samuel again, but god, he looked like shit.
Kate was on the opposite side of the interrogation room. She couldn’t bear to look into Sally’s eyes.
“I’ll see what I can do. If I can bring them over tonight I will.”
her kills to be hers.
“It’s alright, you’re alright now.” Sherlock quickly released John from the chair and cradled the doctor in his arms.
John heard Sherlock’s voice in his head.
That made John fuck Sherlock harder than before. He had the angle nailed, but those eyes made him lose control for a second, and he came deep inside Sherlock.
Sherlock perched up from his horizontal position on the sofa, eyes glistening.
“Really? You. Broke. My. Heart.” She slapped him with every word.
stopped time.
“R--right.” I stuttered. “So… uh, when can I take you out for dinner?”
“It’s about a missing diamond. The Jaria diamond.”
It was her birth mother.
Sherlock was enjoying the view of John’s behind until it was out of sight. He turned and laid on his back, listening to John’s one-sided conversation asking them to reschedule his interview for an hour later. Which meant that he would need to leave in fifteen minutes, thirty if Aaron would take him in the cab.
“Cheers. Dinner’s on us.”
“Because you possess a talent only few in the world has. I am one of them, but I’m sure you know what I mean. Running around the uncharted valley without getting lost.”
“Well, what do we have here?”
“Something’s happened.” He tried to dial back but the phone was engaged.
I'm back! Will start posting chapters every fortnight. If you're still reading, thank you!
“I suppose there’s no use me trying to persuade you I was doing an impression.” John said sarcastically at first, but jerked back a little when there was a gun pointed to his head. It had been awhile since he was in a situation like this. The last time it happened, he was rescued. But just as they were leaving the enemy’s area, they were ambushed and he was shot. The feeling of despair, and hope, and despair again was nasty. Not one that John wanted to experience again.
“For what?”
We weaved through the trees, joggers, babies in prams, and finally I felt her relax. From what I remember, there is a shortcut through where we were back to the building. I decided to take the lead and pull her along. We were no longer being tailed, but I held her hand in a tighter grip… just in case. I must have imagined her blushing, because Aurelia never blushes.
It took John an hour before he came back from Tesco… empty handed.
A quick glance over to John, and he knew he had to go alone. Last time they were lucky Jim didn’t blow them up at the pool, but god knows what he would do this time.
with it?
“Ugh, such drama queens. No wonder Moriarty was so into Sherlock.” Q was running a live commentary on their entire conversation.
“Go ahead.”
He ran up the stairs into John’s bedroom and opened John’s cupboard. He stood in front of the open cupboard, measuring the space inside.
Sally was turning 38. In the past seven years, Moriarty had sent Sally on hunts for her birthday. She gleamed with joy when a private number called her this morning.
“Then that is exactly what we are doing tonight John. We are going out, on a date.”
“Mmm… and I’ve never felt anything up my arse before.” John jokingly added.
Anderson’s stomach flipped when he heard the man mention his name on the phone. He should’ve kept his mouth shut. Better to die than to be tortured. He was kept tied up to a chair for what seemed to be hours before the door to his basement opened, and Sally stood there.
It was a little after midnight when John decide he’s had enough of little nibbles. Time for the main course.
It only took the police a day to find the three men who raped Sally’s first victim. There were others who saw three of them running out of the alley where the victim was found, and heard Sally’s voice when she called emergency services.
, I found it and had to know what it was… then I relived that conversation, John.”
“Mycroft. What are you doing here? I thought you were away.” Greg asked, a little out of breath as he ran over towards the black sedan still parked right outside his crime scene.
And three hours later, she was, with John Watson tied to a chair with an arrow pointed right at his head.
Molly’s voice echoed in Sherlock’s mind as he sat next to Molly at the back of Mycroft’s car on the way to the hospital.
Unsteadily, Sherlock walked up the stairs, still holding his Belstaff tight around himself. John followed right behind, and that was when he realised he could see Sherlock’s legs. Could he be…
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s happening?”
“It was… They were leaving Molly’s…” Sherlock paused and shivered, “it was a
“Well… tail him? Hire a detective?”
He continued to pinch and roll those nipples until Sherlock was panting hard, and with one last tug, Sherlock bent forward, losing strength to stay upright. John held him up by his torso and whispered in his ear, “shhh. I got you love. Let go, I got you.”
“You found my letter.”
“Ah, shit! Sherlock, what day is it?”
She never realised what it was until she was sixteen. One evening as she was leaving a college party in town, she heard a girl scream from a dark alley across the street she was walking on. Pulling out her pocket knife to protect herself, she found the girl curled up in a corner, sobbing as she asked for help. A quick glance to the other side of the alley, she noticed shadows of someone running out into the street.
“Sherlock. Open up.” He waited a little while, and when there was no response, he knocked a little harder, shaking the handle. “I’m breaking down the door if you don’t open up in the next one minute.”
“Couldn't put my finger on it. What do you think about Kate's psyche?”
“Brilliant!”
“We have twenty-eight minutes.”
That was when I realized that the child was the double’s. Brother. He was James Moriarty’s brother. They were very likely twins. And using your own nephew as a chess piece, he must have knew they were here, and yet he walked straight into this…
“Grab a seat, gentlemen.”
“Jim Moriarty, born James Julius Moriarty. He’s been wanted by eighteen agencies across the globe, including ours, since he was six.”
“Oh, but there has been a puzzle you’ve been trying to solve, isn’t there? I know who the July 15th killer is. Join me, and I’ll give you puzzles bigger than the ones you’ve ever cracked. Better yet, you get to plan puzzles and see them unfold! I’ve always found that part of the job a little… dull.”
“Wonderful observation. We just need to cover it back up, which is why I needed the chlorine, John. Did you get it?”
“No, and that is all I can say now… until you sign that piece of paper.”
“If you’re not interested then why were you doing an experiment for the case?”
“Greek.”
“Hey mate. What’s wrong with Sherlock now?”
“Moriarty.” Was all he said, and she tried to hide the fear in her eyes, but that split second was all Mycroft needed to know for sure.
He was seeing red. In between disappointment and anger towards his operatives, he knew Sherlock would get to it, but wasn’t expecting it to be so soon.
“Already am.”
Oh god, she chuckled like the glorious sunny day in the middle of winter. I almost lost my stance. Had to lock my knees before it buckled. I doubt anyone has seen her chuckle, especially like this - bright, carefree and natural.
John laughed nervously, wondering what on god’s green earth made Sherlock think he’s capable of planning a date.
A loud crash forced John to open his eyes. Two men in suits broke down the attic door and shot the cloth holding John’s neck. It ripped and sent John falling down. They helped him up and called in his doctor.
“There he is.” John huffed, “there’s no chlorine Sherlock. What did you do to blow a hole through the floor?”
John raised himself, releasing Sherlock’s cock trapped between them, and held Sherlock’s hard leaking cock in his hand. He kept fucking Sherlock at the same slow pace, this position enabled him to drag the head of his cock along Sherlock’s prostate.
As Aurelia became smaller, she turned the corner towards the hideout. The moment she was out of sight, I turned around and saw someone just inches away from my face.
While John was busy getting kidnapped and strapped on with explosives, Sherlock was busy writing his opening speech in his mind palace. He knew he was finally going to meet this Moriarty character, his new found nemesis, and the excitement completely drowned him out of thoughts about John. He should’ve been concerned when John didn’t return after two hours…
Anthea dropped the takeaway next to Q and sternly mouthed “eat”, then paced up towards an empty terminal and started furiously typing, triangulating a location for the team. If Q had been here since we first intercepted the package, he must have been working for more than eighteen hours now.
“No, something did. Come here, kitchen. Now.” John said as he walked into the kitchen and looked for the first aid kit.
John raised Sherlock’s legs and moved to bend them towards the brunet’s chest, but he had the shock of his life when Sherlock folded in half, his knees on the sides of his head.
Sherlock felt the sting that radiated out around his arse cheek. It didn’t hurt, just burned a little, but he was now more turned on than ever. Risking it, he let his head fall and saw John removing his top, only wearing a white undershirt and his camo trousers. Then he felt John coming closer, pressing those trousers against his arse. He felt John’s cock hard against him, even through both their trousers.
, I could hear her in my head.
“This birdie,” he pointed at Anthea, “or the other one that drives Sherlock around?”
Sorry I lied about the smut :P
“Whoa. Slow down there hon. You mean Philip had an affair?”
John turned over and faced Greg before he said, “Fifteenth of July. Every one of them.”
His phone rang before he could send Sherlock a reply. It was John.
That only spurred Sherlock on. He leaned down against John’s back and pulled out almost all the way, and thrust back into John, hard. It shook the bed. John was moaning his name in bits and pieces, eyes screwed shut and his hips pushing back with Sherlock’s every thrust forward, meeting him in the middle.
“I promise I will try my very hardest, dear Gregory. I am only human after all.”
Sally was 16 and she was out at a party on her birthday. A cry for help lured her into the dark side.
“So, rules.” Mycroft changing the subject when he noticed Greg catching onto his stalking activities.
“Right. Anything else you fancy on the menu?” I asked.
“Of course. I meant to keep them for my next experiment.”
Mycroft only shook his head. Everyone in that room knew Mycroft had something to do with it. John looked as if he couldn’t care less. Ever since his rescue, he had heard his story repeated six times, down to the nasty details - every abuse, every cock he swallowed, every orgasm he had while they fucked him raw... and how much they said he liked it.
“Yes, yes. Captain. I will. Oh god, I think I’m about to. Please please please…” Sherlock opened his eyes and threw his doe eyes at John.
“What? Sorry?” John wasn’t teasing, but he couldn’t believe his own ears.
It read, “Driscoll, I had no doubt you would accept this task. You were one of my best operatives. Rules to follow on this task are listed below. Call the number when you encounter special circumstances. You are anonymous.”
“What did you see?” Sherlock asked, looking at the files that were opened when John pointed at the date on Layla’s file. "I must have noticed that subconsciously! Well done, John Watson!"
“Locke, something interesting came up today. Want to hear about it?”
“I promise you, next date won’t be like this.” Sherlock said with his lips pressed to John’s forehead.
, of course. Here’s the status report. Take notes kids.”
The last thing Greg needed was to go through the interrogation process. He was preparing the recording equipment in the observation room of the interview room when the door to the other room opened. John was walking backwards into the room with Sherlock pushing him in.
“It’s about Anderson’s affair.”
Sherlock squirmed a little hearing that possessive growl. He wanted, needed John. He had been hanging on the edge for the entire day and night. So he wiggled his hips which are still trapped in John’s arms.
“Tuesday.”
“Okay! Remember to eat lunch daddy.” Rayna shouted as she hopped down the stairs towards Mrs Hudson’s flat.
John felt it when Sherlock came. It was like a rush of hot liquid blooming inside his arse. His knees gave and both of them collapsed, Sherlock cock still lodged deep inside him, full body weight on top of him. When Sherlock pulled out, he tried to clench his hole, not wanting to let it leak all over the bed, but Sherlock had other plans. He felt Sherlock lift himself off, and those hands of his on his arse cheeks, spreading it open. Then a finger slipped into his dilated hole, causing John’s muscles to relax and Sherlock’s cum leaking out. But Sherlock’s finger stayed there, going deeper every thrust, expertly avoiding his prostate.
Bryn arrived just a minute before his fifteen was up, and found John happily discussing last night’s football match with the bartender - the same one who had been there, who was supposed to be Moriarty. It’s not possible for him to be here and on the train back from Minsk. He’s now on high alert. Since their briefing, he’s well aware of Moriarty’s disguises, and the man on the train could very well be a double.
“Good. Now Jeremy will take you to your father. I can’t deal with you now otherwise we’ll be having a funeral. I’ll take care of things here.”
As we walked down the street towards the restaurant, she was expertly swerving through the crowd with her face stuck to her Blackberry. How on earth that woman does it, no one really knows, but that is also why she is next in line to M’s position.
“JOHN! Oh god. Doc, is he waking up?”
But Sherlock wasn’t done. He went back down and licked John’s stomach where he came, and went lower until he was between John’s arse cheeks. He hooked his arms under John’s knees, then looked up, asking John for permission with his eyes.
“Sherlock’s business seems to be booming since you and he became…” Mycroft looked between John and Sherlock, seemingly looking for an answer, “partners. What’s he like to live with? Hellish, I imagine.”
A week ago, Brian (one of Mycroft’s detail placed on Baker Street) spotted Sherlock at the corner of the street. Nowhere near 221B, but it was obvious he was trying to avoid surveillance. When Sherlock noticed that it was impossible to sneak back home without being spotted, he gave up and left. Mycroft tried to follow his trail but Sherlock switched cars more than once.
Or was it that this was their plan all along? I scared myself shitless with that thought. Are we all chess pieces for the three of them? We knew at some point we would be in a disposable position, but that was never the first choice, was it?
And it did. Sherlock found the video on the dark web. It took six days for Mycroft and his counterparts in the CIA to rid of every digital trace of the video.
I'm slowly phasing out Bryn's POV. It's getting more and more complicated as the chapters go, so I've decided to play god. Bryn's POV will phase out in Chapter 12, just a heads up!
(See the end of the chapter for
“More than enough space.” He said to himself, and rearranged John’s jumpers around, then slowly stuffed himself into the cupboard. Surrounded by John’s jumpers, he felt at ease and snuggled deeper, until something hard nudged against his coccyx.
In the beginning, he could only let Sherlock go as far as holding his upper body in their sleep. He wouldn’t let Sherlock touch his chest or anywhere from his waist down. He was also wary of Sherlock’s untimely erections. The first time they had snogged in bed and Sherlock’s erection accidentally brushed against his knee, he went blind with rage and had a panic attack.
“He’s done it. Your idiot of a brother has really done it.” Q said in a really high pitch after refreshing the same website for the last two hours.
“We’ve been trying to find something in Layla’s case. Something isn’t right.”
A year after Layla’s murder, Kate and Philip Anderson had decided to file for a divorce. Sally was over the moon! But before she could properly claim Philip as her own, he had decided to drop off the grid and went into hiding. It was eight more years before anyone saw him again.
They sat quietly at the back of the cab, Sherlock obviously processing the information about the painted cipher left behind by someone. Sherlock knew it was meant for Edward Van Coon, and there wasn’t many Van Coons in the phone book. Within seconds he found the address of Edward Van Coon on and online directory, and they were headed towards his home.
It was quiet the rest of our walk back to the hideout. Quiet and comfortable. The world seems to blur away with her walking beside me. Even with all our vigorous training, I zoned out and paid no attention to everything else around us. It wasn’t until Anthea’s posture changed that I noticed someone following us.
“Next are these ones. They are unrelated murders, but all of them most likely perpetrated by their spouse or lover. You will need to find evidence to convict, as much as I need them to be sure. But that is your job. I’ve pointed you in the right direction.”
“Yes Mr Holmes. I’ll bring you tea shortly.”
“My… sister. Jesus. Whoever this sick fuck is… he will
And hiding behind some construction materials piled high, was Sherlock Holmes. He wondered if he had heard John mistakenly due to the echo. John could have said something else that sounded like what he thought he said…
John repeated.
"And lastly, these are the interesting ones…”
Walking into my home felt awkward that day. The air smelled different. I knew there was someone new in the house, and I did not like that. I was standing behind the sofa where this stranger was sitting in, my parents on the two-seater on the left. There was only the single seat left.
He felt Sherlock’s finger slip out completely, and the detective climbed up to lie beside John, face to face. John pulled Sherlock’s face close and kissed him, long and sweet. “That was amazing.” He said and gave Sherlock a kiss on his forehead, fingers carding through those black curls.
“I was bound to get it right eventually. Now Graham, these are unknown. Unfortunately there wasn’t enough in those files for me to deduce anything. They will stay cold due to the incompetency of the officers who collected evidence... Anderson's name is in quite a few of them."
“He is alive, but no matter what I do, he won’t show.” Mycroft added.
Could use another pair of eyes. Shut up Locke! He said tomorrow!” Greg could hear Sherlock yelling into the phone.
"What is it?" Greg still had no idea what they noticed. He was sat too far away from the files to read the date.
I am never a second priority in any security situation, and I have extended that privilege to Sherlock, to an extent Doctor Watson, and most importantly you, my dear. But in light of recent events, I have, figuratively, merged you and I into one entity. Anything that they would do for me, they would do for you.
“Oh, sorry love!” Mrs Hudson sing-songed when she walked into John and Sherlock on the sofa, the doctor straddled on top of the detective. She looked around the flat and it was in a mess. “I’ve just tidied up this morning… have you two had a little domestic?”
The third time was only two weeks after the second, and she wasn’t even hiding it anymore. But to his own surprise, he was no longer angry or frustrated at her. Greg realised he was more frustrated that Mycroft had cancelled their weekly coffee meeting. Not seeing Mycroft made him felt worse than his wife cheating on him. He was undoubtedly falling head first for Mycroft Holmes.
His face stung. Tears were rolling down his cheeks.
When John returned from Tesco, he found Sherlock reading something on his laptop. While he was struggling to ask Sherlock to lend him some money, the detective suddenly wanted to go to the bank.
As Sherlock comes closer to the real identity of the July 15th killer, he found himself caught between his wants and needs.
“Tea, two sugars.” It would be ideal to play along for now. He sat on one of the chairs in front of the fireplace and waited for Jim.
When Sherlock opened his eyes and whispered “yes my Captain”, that was when he felt John slide into his anus all the way in one swift move. The fingering had left him gaping and slick, it was no surprise that he could take John’s cock inside him comfortably. But the heat and pleasure radiating from inside him was something he’d never experience before.
“Well, well, well. Look who’s here? M’s top dogs! Here to catch me?” He said really arrogantly. I was so tempted to pounce and take him down there and then, but we have a bigger fish to fry.
There was an odd feeling that John felt in his chest. Constricting, as if something had just happened. Out of curiosity, he glanced up and looked at the telly, and Speedy’s flashed across the screen with emergency services at its doorstep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ask your brother and his fiancee.” She said before grabbing her coat and left with her husband in tow.
“And what did you hear?”
The monitors spiked and John’s eyelids fluttered.
John’s phone pinged on their work table while he was cooking lunch. Rayna was practising the violin with Sherlock and he glanced over.
He couldn’t say it, but Sherlock read it in his face. He knew it was going to be a long time before John would recover, or he may never, but Sherlock was determined to stay with John, for better or for worst.
Sherlock stood, stunned. He was filing away what John just said. John said he was
“Right. My friend did pay you that time, yeah? I don’t remember paying.”
“Right... I need a bit of time. Can we talk about it tomorrow? Dinner, perhaps?” Greg asked, hopeful that Mycroft would say yes.
“You’re the only family I’ve got too, Sherlock Holmes. The one and only I’ll ever choose.”
“We will drop whatever we are doing and come to you if you need us. You are a good friend Molly.” John said as he hugged her and gave her a peck on the cheek.
Next chapter we will be starting TGG!
“What are we getting?” She asked.
“Yes, and I’d like to apologize once again for my younger son’s behavior. The next time, he’s all yours to deal with. Don’t even bother with a courtesy call.”
“Oh ho ho. Boss is going to be thrilled. Keep him alive.”
“Well, you live like a king in a penthouse bought by an untraceable shell company. Of course you’d be miserable.” I teased as I walked through the living room, in awe of the floor to ceiling windows overlooking the city from a distance. “Fuck me. That’s a bloody view!”
With a loud huff, Mrs H slowly walked back downstairs mumbling about how she puts up with Sherlock all the time and threatened to not give them muffins this week.
There will be a developing Mystrade in this story. Here's the first installment of how and why there's no smut... FOR NOW.
Doctor and nurses ran in and look over John.
Sherlock shook his head.
No return address. He climbed the stairs and made a beeline to the bedroom. Opening the envelope, he sat down abruptly on the bed and pulled out a card. It was a short note, but it was enough to drive John absolutely furious.
John opened the cupboard and pulled out two sweaters. “Which one should I wear?” He asked Sherlock. The detective whipped his head around, staring at John’s ugly sweaters while tucking in the last corner of the sheets.
Twice John tried to take his own life. John was alone at the safe house the first two weeks which he spent cleaning every day. On the third week after the first two plea hearing and went through some finer details with the attorney, John had enough. Initially, John was assigned a state psychiatrist, but he wouldn’t speak to anyone else except for Sherlock - because he still believed Sherlock was dead, and the Sherlock with him was his hallucination. When he moved into the safe house, he had stopped taking painkillers and Sherlock was on his own trial and wasn't allowed to leave Mycroft's. Sherlock’s absence for two weeks threw John completely off balance.
“Delivery for Doctor John Watson?”
“Mmmhh…” Sherlock hummed as he fell asleep within seconds.
Imagine this with me - with sixty seconds to go, switching out an old lady who’s blind, filled with fear, strapped in… well, enough explosives to blow me into bits, with a two day old corpse of one of Moriarty’s men in disguise…
Sherlock wasn’t going to be home for another four hours. How was he going to kill four hours? John picked up his phone and called Aaron.
“JOHN! OPEN THE DOOR! PLEASE!”
“I’d like to see you try.” And being the stubborn shithead he is, Sherlock meant exactly what he said.
“Let her in, and tea.”
It was unlike M to send us messages that aren’t instructions. Perhaps it was a message for himself as well… Actually, it was an instruction, to brace ourselves for the end game. And it became clear to me that it was when we heard the call of two pips.
“Yes, I do. With all my heart, my life. I would die for you John. I would--”
“Oh. I always miss something.”
The moment Q heard Sherlock saying that, he fired out a message to all agents on the case.
I think you all know where this is going. While I do further character development between A & B, I will be taking a break from this fic for a month or so.
“John!”
“Sure.” John hung up and went upstairs to change. He grabbed his brown jacket and headed down the street to the bar.
“Boring? Who. Gives. A. Fuck?!” She yelled in his face. “Your father and I didn’t build this all for fun, did we? And have you thrown everything we stand for out the window? Killing innocent people now, hmm? Wasn’t that the first thing we told you NOT TO DO?”
John thought to himself and reached his hand up for Sherlock’s head. He wanted to pull the detective down for a kiss, but Sherlock couldn’t bend that far down. In that moment, John sat up and straddled Sherlock with the pillow still in between their groins. He held Sherlock’s face in his hands, waiting for the man to push him away, but he didn’t.
Sherlock was still leaking, his orgasm still riding high, but a shiver went down his spine, and he knew he’s had enough. “John. Captain.” He whispered, but his voice broke.
(See the end of the chapter for
M had always carried an umbrella with him. It used to be a regular umbrella until after that mission. He was under house arrest by A for six long months. He wasn’t allowed to go into the office. All his physiotherapies were done in his home, and A managed to shuffle everything around him, allowing him to recover.
The doctor and nurse calmly checked John and determined that he was still in a coma. “Perhaps someone he wants to see--”
Q’s team barely made it out before DI Dimmock and his team flooded the building. They obviously would find nothing. Q made sure of it.
Molly invited Greg, Mycroft, John and Sherlock over for an early Christmas dinner, and she has a surprise announcement!
“Yes, John, I am alive. Sorry, I am so sorry for leaving you in grief. All that you went through was my fault… I love you John, please, forgive me.”
“No, no, no, no.”
“Perhaps…”
The next morning, John woke up with a pounding headache. He reached up and felt the bandage on his head, then his shoulder hurt from the movement. As he tried to stretch his body out, Sherlock walked into the room with a cup of tea and two pills in his hand.
John’s nightmare was frightening. He was in captivity, skinned alive, tortured, branded with hot iron, physically and sexually abused. John was screaming when Sherlock tried to wake him up. In his nightmare, Erik had pinned him down and let the others rape him in turn. In reality, Sherlock was shaking his shoulders trying to wake him up. John’s eyes snapped open and flipped Sherlock down against his bed. His instincts was to kill. He choked Sherlock so hard it almost snapped his throat. One of Mycroft’s men had to knock John out to save Sherlock. When John came to, Sherlock was right there next to him, playing a song he had never heard before.
“Sherl--” John’s complaints were muffled when Sherlock kissed him hard, “--no we can’t
It's been awhile since I've wrote or posted anything. Life catches up to you. Bills ain't paying themselves :(
“It’s alright.” Mycroft interjected.
John kept coming, and didn’t stop fucking Sherlock when he did. He kept it up even when he felt like it was about to hurt. Then he felt the tight clench of Sherlock’s muscles around his cock, and his semen seeping down the channel towards the opening. John gave it a few more hard thrusts, and that was when he saw milky streams of cum gushing out of Sherlock’s slit. John’s cock was beginning to hurt from oversensitivity, so he pulled out, and shoved three fingers back into Sherlock’s arse, fucking the brunet with his own cum, slick and sloppy.
John grabbed a beer from the fridge and adjusted his pants to hide his half hard cock. When he was happy with how it looked, he turned and headed back to the front.
As the double turned around and walked out, Sherlock didn’t move for a few seconds, gun still trained at the door where
Worthless.
When Sherlock figured out the whole thing, he ran up to the flat, announcing the good news to John, who was nowhere to be found. Then he saw the yellow spray painted cipher on his windows.
I mean, we were dirt shit poor. My mother used to steal cars in the nearby cities to get by before she met my father. There was no way we could have afforded that car. Also we don’t have any friends or family member with that kind of money. Imagine driving a sedan like that through dirt roads that even horses frown upon.
The week after they solved the case with the pink lady, John Watson waved for a cab as I made the corner onto Baker Street. I assumed Sherlock was right behind him. As he got onto the cab, he asked to be taken to Scotland Yard. I couldn’t say no lest he finds out who I really am. But to his credit, he did anyway.
“He must have waited for John to leave.” Anthea chipped in.
“Goodnight, and happy birthday to me.”
“No. I played the violin all night. Mrs Hudson is going to kill me when she wakes up in the afternoon.”
“Hey! What’ve you done to my bloody wall?!” Mrs Hudson scolded when she spotted the wall with a yellow painted smiley face, a few bullet holes and plaster falling off. “I’m putting this on your rent young man!”
We heard him take a deep breath and few seconds later he was back in my line of sight.
What really goes on in Mycroft's head. Who is J?
“Yes.”
The nurses dragged Sherlock out of the room as the doctor ran some checks on John. Sherlock violently pressed his phone sending a flurry of texts to Mycroft, Molly and Lestrade.
Apparently too much.
John seemed to be in his own thoughts when Sherlock spoke. He blinked a few times, hard, and almost rubbed his face with his rubber gloves still on. “Shit,” he exclaimed when the stained gloves were centimeters from his face, “it’s just, you look… ethereal. With the window, snow, Christmas tree and all that.”
… albeit that last one was when he brought home six tongues for an experiment. But
“Hey Ben, how’re you holding up?”
“Do you still have more of those explosives in the flat?” John asked breathlessly after running down the stairs. His erection had waned, but at the sight of Sherlock lying flat on the sofa with his dressing gown fallen off his thighs, he felt his heart skip a beat and turned towards the kitchen before Sherlock noticed the front of his pajamas tenting.
“We can’t do this anymore. She’s coming home next week. I know it’s your birthday but…”
Bryn thought as he pulled up at 221 Baker Street.
“Where two people who like each other go out and have fun?”
We lost J in that mission. Till today we don’t know if he was dead or alive. We hope he was dead. Being alive in the hands of Black Lotus would be painful, even to think of.
Sebastian was annoyed, rightfully so. But to Sherlock, it was all about the puzzle. That man wouldn’t give two shits about instructions, even if they were paid handsomely to follow it.
“Nobody wants to die, but we all eventually would. It’s not about why we die, but how we have lived.” I said as Samuel’s coffin was lowered into the ground. Emotions were threatening to show, relieved, more than anything. I clenched my fists so tight I could feel my nails digging into my palm, the pain pinching tears through my eyes. Then I felt someone else’s hand next to mine in my coat pocket. Looking to my left, Anthea was there, shoulder to shoulder with me. She gently pried my fist open and entwined her fingers in mine.
“Twelve months, Jim. I wait twelve months every year for this day. So who do I get this year?”
“I got a case. I was testing the strength of an explosive when that happened.”
“Sorry, I made a mess… SORRY!” He yelled while running out of Tesco, headed back to 221B, as fast as his legs can take him.
“If you want me to.”
And we were on. While John and Sherlock was kept occupied by Moriarty’s little game, we had to stay ahead of him to wrap this up. If Q’s sister was caught, there would definitely be more. We were looking at a countdown.
“Do you like me? As in, more than a friend?”
“Why?” Mycroft was staring at the slice of banoffee pie in front of him. Greg had seen this face Mycroft was pulling, once, when Sherlock told him out of anger that he wished they were never brothers.
“My nightmares. You couldn’t sleep because of me.”
John thought to himself. And he was right to tell himself that. It was way too soon to make a move on Sherlock. Besides, that man told him he’s married to his work, for god’s sake.
Sherlock couldn’t do anything but to hold John’s hand tight, reassuring him that he is not alone.
“Get your arses to the pool, now!” Anthea ordered, and we were all scrambling to get into position.
Another round of words thrown back and forth, Mister Kaplan gave the signal that it was enough and they need to leave.
. The next thing he knew was Mycroft held close to his chest, and his fingers gently scraping his lover’s scalp, all while whispering soothing nothings into Mycroft’s hair.
That same night after the briefing, Bryn was told that Sherlock and John are looking for more codes, and received a location to rendezvous with his backup. When he arrived, John was running away from their hiding spot, calling for Sherlock. There were codes left behind by Black Lotus on the wall adjacent to where they were hiding.
John opened his mouth, he tried to say it but it was not the time nor place. He didn’t want the first time to be like this. The last time they had this conversation was right after John was kidnapped, when they first got together. Whilst he did say those words, but it was in a different context. He wanted to whisper those words into Sherlock’s ear in bed, perhaps one morning after breakfast in bed, or late at night after a fantastic post-case sex, or even in front of the fireplace in each other’s arms.
John’s thoughts were cut off when Sherlock snapped his fingers in John’s face.
Sherlock sat in Mycroft’s living room, hands wrapped around his knees against his chest. He had been in the same position for days since Molly last visited. He had been contemplating if he should escape for good and leave this all behind.
They continued to kiss, eventually their tongues got involved and their hands were roaming each other’s body. When John pulled away to breathe, Sherlock stiffened and pushed John to the side of the sofa, running straight towards the kitchen without saying anything.
On his laptop screen, there was a post on Sherlock’s website - The Science of Deduction.
“Take me now. I’m so close love.”
“I can’t.” Greg raised his hand to stop Mycroft from asking again.
“Someone’s got the weapon?” Greg asked quietly.
“Help me, please…”
“Should’ve known you’d make a demanding little bottom.” John chuckled and stuck his tongue where Sherlock wanted. This time, he pushed his tongue in and receive a loud high pitched moan from Sherlock. His jaws were starting to get sore, but his tongue seemed to be doing just fine. He probed deeper, and felt Sherlock’s hole clenching around his tongue, trying to pull his tongue in.
Mr Donovan turned off the telly as the news report ended but Sally continued to stare at the blank screen, reminiscing her first kill.
Early update again! Extremely busy this weekend...
Sherlock knew it was contaminated, but he needed a sample of John’s semen when it was ejaculated along with prostate stimulation… “Tomorrow? Why not tonight John?” He asked in late realisation after John had entered the shower.
Sherlock pushed John inside and closed the door, leaning close to John and whispered “delivering your gift.”
“And that would be her.”
The bell to the oven rang, and it was time for dessert - bread pudding. Mycroft and Sherlock were nowhere to be found. Mrs. Holmes opened the front door and she could smell it. They were bloody smoking!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hmm.” M made a non-committal sound, “both of you, meet me in twenty. Anthea, bring Q. We are executing plan B.”
When wrapping gifts took a naughty turn.
“Having an affair. That bitch came into my home! I found this,” Kate showed her best friend the photo of the lingerie, “in my bedroom!”
But what he saw was possibly the worst.
“Hmm… Anderson spent the night again?” Sherlock taunted as he walked past Sally into a crime scene.
We intercepted a package delivered to New Scotland Yard, addressed to Sherlock. When the phone was x-rayed, we had received intelligence from our correspondence that it was the same phone from Sherlock’s first publically ‘blogged’ case. Our guy on the inside had to repackage the phone, but who the fuck uses an iridium nibbed Parker Duofold fountain pen? And who the fuck knows these things?
“What is it? You’re aware that the case is closed right? Is this about Anderson? Listen, I know Sherlock isn’t Anderson’s best friend but there just wasn’t enough evidence for the murder. It was all circumstantial--”
When Greg and Mycroft finally appeared, John asked what did they do to make Mrs. Holmes that mad. What he heard was beyond his belief. He didn’t trust his own ears the first time, and asked them to repeat it.
“Is that all we have?”
Sally held on to Kate’s neck tightly and dragged her to the kitchen where it was dark. She flipped Kate over and pinned her down on the floor, cutting off her airway, just enough to knock her out. Once Kate stopped struggling, she went over to Layla and swiftly stabbed her with a six inch knife from the kitchen.
But noooo. Sherlock had other plans for him.
Or losing a friend.
John stuck a few Elastoplast on Sherlock’s hand and held them a little too long. When he looked up, he found Sherlock’s eyes and they stared at each other. John thought he saw something in Sherlock’s eyes, but cleared his throat and removed his hands from holding Sherlock’s.
“Leave that to Lestrade. I’m bored of this case already. Breakfast?”
“Who are you?”
She wanted,
“What?” Greg asked, thinking that Mycroft said that sarcastically, trying to hint that he was invading Mycroft’s space. “Am I bothering you by being around? I’m sorry. The moment I find a flat close enough to the Yard that I can afford I’ll get out of your hair.”
“How?”
Sherlock obeyed. With his middle finger still inside, he slowly pushed in his index finger. The way John’s hole stretched and wrapped around them was a sight to behold. Sherlock fucked John slowly, brushing past John’s prostate every other thrust in with his fingers.
And John was right. They had missed it so many times, when John finally noticed the clue Sherlock had been leaving behind, he was angry at himself. The times when Sherlock showed up at the corner of Baker Street where the CCTVs are, he would leave a coded message by tapping his finger on his thigh. It was Morse code, but translating it directly would make no sense to anyone except for Mycroft. The code was a Holmes family secret, not even the spouses are allowed to learn.
“That’s a really good double.” John commented as they sat.
“That is good. If he’s improving, he doesn’t need me--”
Sherlock.
John reached out and touched Sherlock’s eye bag gently with his fingertips, “you didn’t get any sleep?”
Mycroft thanked him with a gentle kiss, then pulled the shirt on, followed by the jumper. Greg was right, it felt a lot less stiff than before.
(See the end of the chapter for
“If it’s another one of your interesting characters that got injured during sexual intercourse, no.”
“Hold on, I thought you were looking for something related to Layla’s murder?”
“Why?” Harry halted and turned around facing Molly, “Why is it always John? I’ve abused his trust since we were young, but… he never deserved it… not any of this!”
“But evidence suggests Layla was the adultress.”
“If you can still crack jokes it means you’re alright. You’ve done worse bubba.” Q quipped as he walked into the briefing room with Anthea right behind him, and M was right behind her.
“John…” Sherlock whined, but all he got was another resounding spank, this time on his left arse cheek.
“Tell me about it. Listen, I’m just heading out to Tesco. Could you keep an eye on him?”
When James Moriarty first came into Mycroft’s radar, he had little to be concerned about. That was true until James’ patterns changed from what was originally planned. It was then he realized that the man had gone rouge just to play a game with Sherlock-fucking-Holmes.
that way.” John chuckled and gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze, prompting him to continue with the recounting.
“Sure. Ah, gotta go. Thanks doc.”
“Good. Perfect. Don’t stop. Please, please. Captain, please. Don’t stop.” Sherlock babbled, drool leaking from the corner of his lips where his head was facing on the side.
“I can’t.” Sherlock said in response to the hum.
“What case?”
“P--please…” He was going into shock from the pain in his chest. Sally noticed and knew the fun had ended. She looked into his eyes and smiled before pushing her body against the handle of her knife, feeling his last breath and his life coming to a stop.
While I was heading towards St. Bart’s where John and Sherlock are, all we discussed about was how Moriarty found Q’s sister. We are all off-the-grid, and our families live without us, on paper that is. We are supposed to be untraceable. But it seems like we have a…
“I mean, if I moved in, I wouldn’t be able to… control myself. And I’m still married, even though I don’t love her anymore. I can’t call her a bitch for cheating on me, then turn around and do the same. I would have to reject your offer...” Greg stopped when Mycroft started nodding and humming. “Mycroft?” He reached out and held Mycroft’s hands in his own.
He was happy. Very happy.
“Oh fuck fuck fuck!” Sherlock started screaming and moaning profanities. John felt the telltale signs of Sherlock about to orgasm, and slowly pulled his hand away before Sherlock came. John wasn’t surprised when Sherlock whined the moment his fingers were completely pulled out.
“Eat up. You’ll need a lot of energy tonight.” John said with a lusty grin when he noticed Sherlock had stopped eating in favour of panting out his mouth.
“Sherlock isn’t so sure. He said something is amiss but he couldn’t put his finger on it. But he’s always a little oversensitive. And safe for us to presume you’ve got your case sorted here?”
Sherlock Holmes is a unique fellow. A genius, but self-destructing. Like many of my fellow agents, they too had issues with alcohol and drugs, to the point of no return… His last three blood tests were clean. That’s nine months. Good for him.
The first two weeks at the safe house, John couldn’t stop cleaning. He would move every movable furniture to scrub the wall, carpet and floor. He had stripped all the bed sheets and washed them over and over. By the time Sherlock and Mrs Hudson moved in, the bedsheets had been scrubbed torn.
Sally's 30th birthday is coming up, and her lover's wife is in town.
“So,” Jim sets down a mug on the table next to Sherlock, “let’s get right down to business. I have a proposition for you.”
“Yes, John will fix it.”
Mycroft speaks crazy languages...
“His vitals are looking better. It’s improving as we speak.” The doctor told Harry as she held her brother’s hand in hers. It had been four days since the commotion with Molly and Sherlock.
In hindsight, he wished he was not dictated by his need for food like Sherlock.
“Really?”
Sherlock took another look over John and whined, “oh, yes of course.”
“Christ! Was he there this whole time? Alright, Rayna, head down to Gran’s. We’ll be back in a couple of hours alright?”
“Anything will do. I’m dying for that cheeseburger though, so if you can make this quick…”
“Sorry. I had to seal the deal quickly before anything else happens.” Mycroft pushed himself away slightly to look into Greg’s eyes. He knew it was time to tell Gregory what really happened. He trusted the man in front of him. He had never been more certain in his entire life.
“I won’t even ask how you know.”
“That was the plan, innit? One explosion to rid of all...” James snapped his mouth shut when his mother pulled a blade from her pocket. It was the one she used to cut off tongues… He knew it was a threat, and a serious one by the look in her eyes. Using Jeremiah’s son, her only grandson, was a risky move. He always had conflicting strategies with the family, and wanted to take over the empire for good by eliminating… well, his family. She was really annoyed this time. Everyone knew he was the favored son, but when push comes to shove, he also knew his mother had no more mercy for either of them than anyone else.
John and Sherlock made it back to their flat after a round of scolding by DI Dimmock. He was pissed that his team had to work overtime and had nothing to show for it. While John busied himself in the kitchen trying to find something to eat, he only found rotten pickled onions (how long would pickles need to be kept to be rotten?) and was about to settle for some biscuits when Mrs Hudson came up with some tea and nibbles.
“But you said you did.”
“What the hell is this? Why are you wearing my jumper? I thought you hated--
Again, Sherlock shook his head.
Strapping Anthea’s mother and myself in, I stepped on the gas as hard as I could. This was not how I wanted to test the throttle on my new Jaguar.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anxiously, he blurted out “looks like the normal folks are left behind, huh?”
They were all stabbed in their own homes during intercourse. No prints or DNA were obtained from the victims.
“You’re welcome, Timothy Hooper.”
“Yeah. How did I get in bed? I don’t remember much.”
That last five seconds was not enough for me get far enough. I felt that explosion shake the ground underneath, and it shattered straight through my heart.
“Why would he do that? There’s enough mystery in the world to keep him entertained, you know?”
Out of self-amusement, Sherlock tried to stifle a chuckle that ended up in a snort. “Of course the bills will pay themselves. That’s what Mycroft’s minions do…”
“I trust you, with everything.” He finally choked out when he realised what that speech was. Mycroft was preparing him for the worst, and he didn’t like it one single bit.
“No I’m not out. I can’t be!” Sherlock grabbed John’s towel from the floor and wrapped it around his waist before running down to his old bedroom. He pulled the door to his wardrobe and found nothing. There were no clean clothes… “How is this possible!” He shouted and ran back upstairs.
“Never mind your usual trivia. This is of national importance.”
There was a long pause, Sherlock contemplating if he wanted to tell John about the real reason they are going to a Chinese circus. He decided not to, and handed the flyer to John.
The bit about Bond night was from John’s blog. The texts between them were originally comments on that blog post, but I thought texting would be more intimate, and warped the context a little to fit my scene.
John’s voice was breaking at the end. He was very close to another episode of PTSD triggered attack, just like the one he had when they caught Black Lotus.
“I saw it on the telly, are you okay?” John went over to Sherlock and held the detective’s head in his hands, turning it left and right, checking for injuries. Sherlock had his violin in his hand, mindlessly plucking random notes. John pulled it out of his hands, placing it down slowly on the table.
I actually paused at the scenes where Sherlock thinks of the shortest route, where the London map comes up on screen, and wrote based on that. So if I got something really really wrong, please let me know, otherwise just imagine those routes exists!
Mycroft panicked for a moment. Multiple scenarios ran through his head. What could have warrant Gregory using his name, and swearing in the middle of it? But all that left his mind when Gregory pulled him out of his chair and hugged him tight.
“I’m going out. Tea won’t make itself!” John grabbed his coat and headed for the door.
“If you’re so keen why don’t you go investigate it?”
It was too close. John saw the arrow headed straight for his shoulder and suddenly he was back in the dessert. Explosions, gunfire, sweat and blood filled his mind. There was someone crying, someone sobbing and screaming in the vast wasteland with gunfire in the distance, people’s voices echoing in the distance. John hazily realised the crying and screaming was coming from himself, only for a short few seconds, then there was nothing.
“He needs you Sherlock. He’s been getting better, even mumbled a few words two days ago.”
This chapter includes Anthea's superpower - pulling Mycroft Holmes out of his Mind Office.
“As you can see, and obviously feel, I’m quite alright. I apologize Gregory. We were quite caught up with that whole… fiasco.”
I had a tough time writing this one. I may revisit this after Christmas.
John vaguely remembered the faint taste of chlorine in his mouth and being carried out of the closet around Sherlock.
“Really, John? Even the blind could see this,” Sherlock pointed at his chest where Rudolph’s red nose stuck out in a ball of knitted wool, “from space.”
“Yeah, right.” I stood up, unwilling to let Holmes junior glare further into my deepest darkest secrets, “I’m gonna get some food. I’ll be back in an hour.”
He needed John to stay out a little longer than twenty minutes. “We need milk, John.”
“With Layla, we have proven that it was impossible that Kate had stabbed her. Her medical showed that she was choked hard enough to blackout. If she was telling the truth, she wouldn’t be the first to encounter the same killer. Always at night, chokes the witness face down and tries to frame them for the murder.”
“I do love you, John. From the day I met you in Bart’s lab. Till today. And I promise to love you until the end.”
He walked towards the back and held the bottle of bleach, sat at the corner hugging the large bottle.
“The sweater, or sentiment?” John asked when they stood at the pavement outside waiting for a cab.
“Would you… can I have a bit of time to think this over? I’m not sure if I want to know.” Greg said, a little unsure of his decision. “Hey, I still love you for who you are, no matter what you do for a living, alright? I know it’s hard to believe me right now, but please, just give me a few days to mull things over. I won’t leave you because of this, I promise.” Greg quickly added when he saw Mycroft’s face falter.
During these times, I didn't want to be in touch with anyone. Every time I see an email notification from AO3, it was deleted immediately. I was depressed, sinking.
Greenwich pips. 221C. Potential explosions, and the case Sherlock Holmes never solved as a child. This was someone who knew Sherlock, and was playing a long game. One who centered their entire criminal career building blocks surrounding Sherlock Holmes, to keep them tangled together, to entrap, and eventually devour.
Early that morning, Greg found Kate hiding in a hotel six blocks from Layla’s apartment. She was covered in blood, and her bruises from her earlier altercation with Layla was obvious. She was mumbling to herself while rocking herself back and forth on the floor. No one could get her to talk until Sally went and sat next to her, admitting that she had also slept with her husband. Kate’s eyes went wide and attacked Sally. She had expected Kate to react that way, and it would only solidify their case against Kate’s aggressive behaviour towards her husband’s mistresses.
he thought to himself. Then a voice in his ear interrupted his thoughts.
It used to be just people on the street following me, a random international student in my class, or someone too decent to be looking for a flatshare. This one though, he was good. Before I met you, I didn’t notice him at all, until I accidentally threw cookie wrappers at him instead of cash one time when I was high. When the high came down I remembered, and since then I haven’t paid actual money for any of my cab rides.”
Sherlock Holmes. That name gave Sally goosebumps when she had first met him eighteen months ago. This was her first kill when he was sober. His keen observations and deductions gave her even more satisfaction when he couldn’t figure out who killed Molly’s older brother.
At the back, I found a business card without a name, only a number. I’ve recognised it from my days with intelligence. Q-branch made those. These cards are microchipped. If found in the wrong location, it would self-combust. I quickly memorised the number and threw it into the fireplace.
“I can feel a ‘but’ coming Sherlock.”
Harry didn’t want to hear any more of it. She knew how badly Sherlock had hurt her brother when he jumped, but she also knew she wasn’t any better. Between her drinking and mean words thrown towards John in the past, she too had broke their relationship in pieces. As she stormed out of John’s hospital room, Molly followed behind.
Have they upgraded from flatmates to friends already? “Quite sure he did. Would’ve shouted at ya’ll if ya didn’t.”
“Wake up sleepyhead.” John mumbled, water swaying from him shifting. “My lower back’s numb.”
“You need to keep your brother in line sometimes thought, poking his nose where he shouldn’t.”
John spent long minutes just licking on the outside, tracing circles around the hole, smearing saliva all around. When he got up to breathe, he saw it glistening, reflecting the bathroom light. He groaned, loud and deep, and that seemed to have made Sherlock even more aroused.
“It was. I’ve never felt that need, that urge to please before.” Sherlock felt vulnerable, unsure of what exactly he was feeling.
“Not a case then?” John asked.
“I know a place…” And John pulled out his most seductive smile, “221B Baker Street.”
The speakers crackled, and there were some voices coming through. “That’s the black box pilot recordings,” Q said, “and wait for it.”
Warning, a little angst + comfort.
Kaplan had that rule to stop anyone from their own organization of being in a habit of doing so. One, to protect herself when she became too old. Two, to protect any grandchildren she may have in the future. By conditioning the entire organization with one golden rule, she was essentially protecting her own lineage to the throne.
Kate did not wait for the door to open completely before landing a tight slap on Layla’s face.
On the other end of the hallway, Mycroft was dressing down (yes,
“Drop him.” It was Mycroft, and Lestrade right behind him with a dozen of heavily armed men. “I said drop him now.”
“Cover it up anyway.” Bryn instructed.
“Like I said, we can’t just point a finger without evidence.” He paused for a moment contemplating if he should get Sherlock involved. “You know what? Tell Mrs Anderson to drop by Baker Street later today. We don’t have a case for now and Sherlock has been climbing up the walls all day. This should keep him occupied for awhile.”
I'll be spending NYE writing. Oh what a life.
I picked up the last of the Welsh cake and shoved it into my mouth while I read the most recent reports on the younger Holmes’ surveillance. I was surprised at how evasive he was, given that he had no training. Did he pick this up on his own? He would have been Q’s favourite.
“Mycroft, promise me something, would you? Promise me you won’t ever tempt me, or push me about this. Promise you’ll wait for me, please?”
Waking up to a face full of hair wasn’t something John liked, at all. But this was Sherlock’s hair. Hair that smelled like home, comfort and the expensive hair product that he used all the time.
While nibbling on a Welsh cake, I went through the file thoroughly again, occasionally sweeping caster sugar and crumbs off the paper. These things I have discovered about Sherlock could be detrimental to Mister Holmes’ safety.
“You are not hallucinating John. Look. At. Me.” Sherlock held John’s hand and emphasised the last three words sternly. “John, I am here, I wasn’t dead. You almost killed me earlier though, good to see you’ve got some strength back.”
“Sent them a message.”
Still breathing heavily, unable to speak, Sherlock nodded. And that must have been the right answer because John dove in immediately, lapping at the pink hole, covered slightly in fine dark hair.
“It was in the files. I have to incorporate slangs in order for Lestrade here to comprehend my train of thoughts better, dear Watson.” Sherlock explained as he bundled up the files in his hand and labeled them with a post-it note as ‘Gang’.
The LED lights on the vest started to blink faster, and there was an audible beep heard. That was the plan all along. Moriarty wanted everyone here, including his own brother, and get rid of all of us once and for all.
The smell of a fantastic roast lingered in the hallways. The moment John opened the door to their room, he caught a whiff of it, along with freshly baked honey biscuits. He recognised that smell from when Sherlock brought some home, reheating it in the microwave.
“Ah, the wine.” She reminded herself.
“I was right! I’m always right!” Sherlock exclaimed. When he noticed John staring up from his favourite
Her eyes were bright, reflecting the morning sun. Her head shook gently, lips pursed into a tight straight line.
They both ignored it for the first two times in favour of sucking each other’s tongue, but the third ring jerked Sherlock away and out the bedroom in search of his phone.
The pillow helped him tilt his hips a little higher, and he heard the lubricant bottle pump twice. Then he felt a slick fingertip prodding at his hole, eventually it did. It was definitely one finger and most likely only the tip, but it was warm and gentle, nothing like what he used to do to himself - clinical.
Sherlock nodded and rolled off the bed, standing next to it. He pushed John towards the small en-suite upstairs, “go shower. I’ll change the sheets.”
Sherlock was pretending to watch the Jerry Springer show when John announced that he needed a walk.
Q was right that Sherlock did figure it out. He ran straight for the German couple from earlier, and snatched the ‘London A to Z’ guide they had.
“Stop.” John grabbed Sherlock’s phone before he hit dial again, “he’s probably trying to call you again.”
While Sherlock was frantically looking for clues, John woke up, tied to a chair, interrogated by a Chinese lady who thought that he was Sherlock.
“I can’t promise that, Molly.”
Today is a special day. Four years. John was getting better, and Sherlock had learnt the value of sentiment, of how precious emotions can be when it is with the people you love.
A trickle of cool air hit the most intimate part of Sherlock and he reacted by clenching. When he heard John took a deep breath, he relaxed and clenched again.
Sherlock now had his whole body weight resting on his shoulders and neck as John raised his lower half folded on top. John knelt on the bed and rested Sherlock’s lower half on his chest. His face was right where he wanted to be, right in between Sherlock’s plush bottom cheeks. He used his hands hook around Sherlock’s thighs to spread it open.
John had intentionally sat next to Sherlock, one hand scooping up fried rice with his spoon from the takeaway carton, the other casually fondling Sherlock’s trousers covered cock.
“Still denying yourself so confidently? Perhaps you don't love yourself, just like no one loves YOU!” Shan yelled and signalled her henchmen to release the sandbag.
“I’ll go get it.” Sherlock appeared from behind the bookshelf and ran straight for the door, shoving past Mrs Hudson but John caught his arm and pulled him back into the flat.
“He or she obviously wanted it to fail. God knows how many people the force has locked up were framed by this psychopath.” John added.
We knew that was the last fifteen seconds we have as friends.
Sherlock Holmes, alive and well… and Mycroft Holmes sitting in his chair.
“Oh, John. My dear John, what have they done to you? Let me help John, please...” Sherlock sat next to John on the bed and held John against his chest. The detective felt tears on his own cheeks, but they were tears of anger, and his fists balled up so tight his knuckles had turned white, fingernails bit into his palm. “Just say the word John, and I’ll rid the world of those fucking pests.”
“I want to reiterate that I am very, very against this monstrosity that you call a sweater.” Sherlock grumbled waving the sweater in John’s face. “But… your thoughtfulness is much appreciated.” He said while putting on the sweater, hoping that it would cover his face long enough to let the blush dissipate.
“Ohhh my dear. If this was their way of apologising, I would forgive them ten times over! Not that I want to plan ten weddings for them, but think of the possibilities! We could hire a circus! I’ve always wanted to see how a circus wedding would be like---” and she went on and on...
(See the end of the chapter for
John repeated after the man’s voice in his ear.
“NO!” Harry barked at the doctor before he could finish his sentence, “I will not let that bastard see my brother.”
“Sir, DI Lestrade’s here.”
Molly simply nodded and looked out the window. Sherlock could see her tears from the reflection and decided it was best to keep his mouth shut for the rest of the journey.
At the sound of Sherlock’s voice, John let out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding in. At the same time he was worried about what he had declared earlier… but no time for that now. He needed to stay sharp when shit hits the fan, and he was absolutely sure it would.
Shr’lock.” John barely coughed out Sherlock’s name.
“How would you describe me, John? Resourceful? Dynamic? Enigmatic?”
“You have a deal.”
had left, until he gaze drifted towards John. In an instant, he bent over, putting the gun on the floor and dropped to his knees in front of John.
In the ten minutes journey, he had managed to plan all the way ahead to have agents standby at the Black Lotus’ hideout. It wasn’t difficult to figure out their cipher, but he wanted to make sure Shan was there before he made a move.
“Kinda. His accent’s slightly off, and George wiped the bar after serving every pint. This one doesn’t. Routines can be learned but habits takes a lot more effort.”
“Right. Born into the Kaplan-Moriarty family, runs mainly nuclear and rare stones. Recently found some interest in American firearms. They mainly operate out of an island off the coast of Papua New Guinea. Now, the one you met…”
“Ohhh… it’s a bit nippy out there. He should have wrapped himself up a bit more.” She commented as she turned around from the kitchen towards the living room.
As much as I was tempted to, I’ve learned the hard way not to preempt any of Mister Holmes’ guests from twenty long years ago.
After the chilling briefing, Mister Holmes had quietly sneaked away while Anthea and I sat across the coffee table from Sam, John and Sherlock. I could tell that Holmes junior has his neurons firing away, no doubt laying bricks around his plans to capture Moriarty. It was difficult, having to sit so close to Anthea, unable to tell her that I’m worried about this entire situation, that I care for her so much to the point of…
As I sped down the streets of London, I knew I should stop thinking that way. We have pledged our lives to the service. We’ve lost our rights to our own lives the second we were recruited.
“Get some sleep.”
Sherlock was already in his ‘thinking’ pose when John left. As he was leaving, he saw Bryn’s cab waiting across the road. He went over and knocked on his window.
Mycroft was walking down the stairs when he texted Bryn and Lestrade.
John thought. And as if Sherlock read his mind, he leaned across the table and gave John a kiss, lips covered in sweet and sour sauce. Watching Sherlock lick it off reminded John’s throbbing cock its existence.
The duo managed to proof to DI Dimmock later that night that the murders were linked, and Soo Lin’s intel was genuine. Sherlock figured the books in Lukis and Van Coon’s apartment would lead them to the cipher’s code. As they spent the entire night cataloging, Bryn and Q can only hope they don’t figure out which book.
“Unfortunately it is a one way communication. I believe Moriarty monitors his every move, thus the code. We very rarely use it unless it’s a level ten emergency.”
“It’s too dangerous Sherlock. There must be more of them around.” John scolded while pushing Sherlock into the cab he just flagged down.
“Are you wearing… is that a…” Greg was lost for words. Never had he seen Mycroft wear anything other than parts of a three-piece suit, his pyjamas or a birthday suit.
“John. I’m here. I am so s-sorry for letting this happen to you. If I had known,
Inspired by Blacklist’s character Mister Kaplan. Little old lady with superpowers.
The rest of the day went on as if nothing had happened. Sherlock continued his mould experiment while John made tea, tapping away letter by letter updating their blog with their latest case on the child murderer. But occasionally, John would glance over to Sherlock and make a lewd gesture with his tongue.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John’s remark while demanding for bacon and pancakes.
“But there is something… something isn’t right.”
Greg had just got back from the Yard and was heating up some leftover bolognese sauce in the kitchen. The pan was still simmering when Mycroft appeared in the kitchen.
“I’m not good at this, emotion thing,” Sherlock whispered into John’s shoulder, “but I want you to stay… as my partner. You’re all I have John.”
“You may want to apologise to her, take her out for dinner. I’ve grown very fond of her muffins.” John told Sherlock when the consulting detective was done with his call. “What were you doing blowing up our floor?”
“Feels good?” John asked while slowing down. He wanted to stretch this out as long as he could. He was getting addicted to hearing Sherlock make those sounds, especially the screams that synced perfectly with his thrusts.
“Oh,” Sally chuckled sarcastically, “trust me, I know. But he will, one day, decide that they weren’t smart enough for him. He will do it just to prove he’s smarter than everyone.”
But seeing Sherlock standing in the middle of it all made John’s heart leap. His best friend whom he’s in love with, next to a Christmas tree, sunlight beaming in streaks with a little snow out the window… seemed like an angel in disguise.
They were halfway through the movie when Sherlock started complaining. “That is just… ugh! Why are you making me sit through this, John? It makes no sense!” Sherlock had been pointing out plot holes and technical flaws of the movie since the beginning.
Sherlock took the rest of the night explaining to John and Greg of what he analysed in those three stacks.
“Layla! I know you’re in there! Open up!”
John let himself lie flat atop Sherlock and kissed him, shoving his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, teasing him to do the same. When Sherlock’s tongue came into his mouth, he nibbled it gently and kept sucking on it, not willing to let go. When Sherlock managed to regain his tongue, John leaned their foreheads together.
On her lunch break, Layla walked up to John’s office and knocked it softly.
Gently, he pulled Greg to sit on the sofa and went back to pull a file from his safe. Dropping it on the coffee table in front of Greg, he motioned for the DI to go ahead and read it.
“You know I can multitask, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
, Sherlock thought.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at that, as if he knew how much was in Greg and Carol’s joint accounts.
It was also that time when Q started making weaponized umbrellas. They are absolutely terrifying.
“Do you really want to know?”
“Right. Do you still need the chlorine by the way?” John tried to ease the tension in the room by changing the subject.
Them walking down the stairs triggered Bryn to move. He realised that they would be splitting up in this investigation and called his team to keep an eye on Sherlock. It seemed like he would be walking to see Van Coon’s personal assistant at the bank. John would need the cab.
47, 48, 49… and the lock clicked. John let out a breath in relief. He wasn’t going to break the door down anyway. It would’ve hurt his shoulder bad for the next couple of days.
How annoyingly predictable.”
“On it.”
Those people who were strapped in bombs were not random strangers, apparently. Bryn experienced his first loss after coming back.
“We’ve been wondering if someone’s following you and Sherlock…” John raised an eyebrow and before he could ask if Sherlock was alright, Bryn knew the question was coming and answered it, “yes Sherlock is quite alright. We have agents in the same train cabin with him. He’s probably unaware of them. Last I heard he’s doing the mind palace thing and grinning like an idiot.”
“Why?” Mycroft’s heart was beating so hard, and his hands clenched tightly to keep himself composed.
Greg lifted an eyebrow and looked over to John who was equally as confused.
While the boys were outside having it out, Mrs. Holmes explained that they used to fight when there are other people around, but on their own, they would stop almost immediately and actually be loving to each other. It was odd, but she knew that they have their own way of showing affection to each other.
“大哥,请你不要,好吗?”
Sherlock opened the door and found John, standing by their bed in his camouflage, and a pair of trousers in his hand. He caught the trousers mid-air when John tossed it over, and took the hint to put it on.
Bryn was just leaving Mycroft’s office after their briefing on Moriarty’s additional surveillance. Two agents were on the same train cabin as Sherlock, and Moriarty was two cabins away.
“Right… how many types of explosives were you going to try?”
“No. Move in. You know how much I detest repeating myself. Would you like to…”
“Yes boss.”
“Scoot over. We’re watching James Bond tonight.”
“Anderson had an affair with both Layla and Donovan, but Layla more than the other. His wife found evidence to confront her best friend. The struggle was intense. Layla choked Kate during the struggle and when Layla hit the table, Kate could have experienced a blackout from a stress-induced psychosis break. Went to the kitchen, grabbed a knife and stabbed the victim. There was a blood trail towards the kitchen. If the murderer was Kate, she could have wanted to clean the knife in the sink, but broke out of her psychosis state right then. And realises what she did. Panicked and ran. Hallucinations are common during a psychotic break…”
“Sherlock?” He called out when he saw Sherlock wasn’t in the room. The bed was still made with crisp corners from that morning. He looked around - in the wardrobe, under the bed, in the bathroom. Nothing. Then he noticed the window of their bedroom was open.
“You will receive specific technical instructions from your next call.”
“Oh… what the fuck has he done now?”
, that’s what I call mine.” He said to me while pointing at his own head, then turned to face my parents. “Unfortunately the terms of employment are only for his ears. Would you allow me five minutes alone with him, perhaps in the kitchen?”
“Movies does not deserve my time nor my brain power.” Sherlock said while tilting his head down.
“What are you talking about?”
Anthea got into the car without saying another word. Her face still stuck to the phone, firing more instructions to Aaron while managing another operation in China.
It was tight. So fucking tight. John’s pinky finger was starting to cramp when Sherlock started to move his hips, fucking himself on John’s fingers.
“Where’s the grocery, John? Did you break all the eggs and milk?” Sherlock asked to distract himself.
John lifted an eyebrow in confusion. “Which cabbie is… who?”
“Are you going to interrogate me at all, Captain Watson?” Sherlock had put on his haughtiest look and voice, goading John to
As confused as John was, he was happy that his chair and flat was now free of one Mycroft Holmes, and he could return to his own chair instead of the uncomfortable arm on Sherlock’s.
“You heard perfectly well John. I heard Mother shouting last night when you were snoring away.” Sherlock answered on behalf of the other two without looking up from the papers. He took a large gulp of his coffee, then announced that he has some samples to collect from the garden, leaving John alone with Greg and Mycroft.
“And he has just done exactly that… Sally was right.”
John clenched up when he felt Sherlock’s finger touching his hole. He has never been penetrated before. The anxiety was killing him, but the thrill, the anticipation of having Sherlock fuck him slowly eased the tension. Then he felt the finger breach him. He knew it was just Sherlock’s index finger, but fuck, it felt so hot and full. The finger wriggled around a little, making circles up his arse.
“What did he say his name was?”
“Sally, is it?” Sally nodded as the detective spoke to her gently, “I need you to tell me what happened, could you do that?”
“Watson.” He answered. After a few non-committal hums and a groan, he motioned for me to stop. I parked by the side of the road and he handed me the phone.
What happens when Sherlock is away.
How I portray Mycroft Holmes in my writing actually is a reflection of myself IRL. People think I'm fine, but I'm not. I still work, I still excel, I still smile, but deep down inside all I need is a cuddle and someone to tell me that I should stay.
In my new flat, there was a table full of my favourite dishes. Glamorgan sausages, Welsh cakes, even a pot of cawl with lamb, potatoes, leeks, carrots and swedes, just like how my mother used to make them. I opened the fridge to find it stocked full of prepped meals, a lot of beer, and a few bars of chocolate that I let myself indulge in once in a blue moon.
“I think he knew we were involved, somehow. How the hell does he know that was the last pip?” Q continued to rant.
John was intrigued by Sherlock’s behaviour. He walked mindlessly back to their home, wondering what his partner was up to. As he opened the door to their home, he noticed the curtains were drawn, and candles were lit. It smelt like lavender.
“It was never like this. Never this… amazing.” Sherlock was about to tell John what had happened last time. “I never knew it could be this good. It used to… hurt, for days.” Sherlock sniffed, opening and closing his mouth a few times trying to start, but was cut off by John pulling him against the doctor’s chest.
Sherlock was quiet while Mycroft spoke on the other side of the phone. With nothing to do but wait, John quickly went into the bedroom and brought clothes out for Sherlock. He was still standing there, stunned, when John came out. He swiftly pulled Sherlock’s ribbon-wrapped pants down and tapped his knees for them to lift.
“No, it’s not that. We’re aware that her fingerprints on the knife were in the wrong position. No way she could’ve stabbed Layla in that angle holding the knife like that. She was framed, that much we are sure of. But there is something in this case, like we’ve seen something like this before. Just not sure what triggered that brain of his. We really need those files Greg.”
“Mister Driscoll, junior, please, have a seat. I’d like to offer you a job.”
“Because you didn’t, you git. I dressed you. Thought there was a case. But doesn’t matter because now I can unwrap my gift all over again.”
The sound of a trigger being pulled made John flinch and his life flashed before his eyes. Sherlock's face was the only one he saw when the gun clicked. It was empty. A sigh of relief escaped John.
when it all went to hell.
“They do have some issues to straighten out. I think in this case, Sally would be a good person for Kate to open up to. In the end they both did get cheated on by the same guy. Just never thought Anderson was such a dog!”
Halfway through the performances, Sherlock disappeared into the backroom and left John looking for him. John saw some odd movements in the drapes behind the center stage and suddenly Sherlock came flying out. The performers (or criminals) put up a fight, and John knocked one of them out. Sherlock could only catch a glimpse of his foot before John pulled him, running away from the location.
“Sherlock,” John gasped when Sherlock changed his angle slightly, “come here.” He pulled Sherlock on top of him.
“Congratulations. You’ve won the bet. Now, let’s get down to business.” Q followed up the briefing. It was simple. Follow John and Sherlock, contain Black Lotus, and capture Zhi Zhu and General Shan.
“Jesus, Holmes.” John sighed. “And you ended up in a scuffle? How did you get yourself bruised up like this punching someone? Look,” John dabbed the cuts on his hands with antiseptic solution and Sherlock hissed, “there are cuts.”
How did Mister Holmes suppose I follow his brother around? As I studied the last of his ‘free running’ patterns, I noticed he often disappears in back alleys near the fire escapes. Rooftops. Scaling from roof to roof as if he was Batman? That makes Mister Holmes… Alfred! And I’m the Batmobile.
My heart galloped. There is a date, finally. “What do you fancy? I was thinking…”
There was a brief second where I felt someone watching. Letting go of Aurelia’s hand, I handed her the takeaway along with a stern look.
Somewhere from the rooftop, a sniper’s laser appeared over the bomb.
“God, Sherlock. Please.” John moaned hoarsely, one hand releasing the bedsheet in favour of Sherlock’s hair.
“Yeah, I thought that was pretty clear last night.”
“Ta.”
“John Hamish Watson, would you give me the honour of loving you, cherishing you and protecting you for the rest of our lives, as long as we both shall live?”
“Because I had a row with the chip and pin machine.” John was agitated after his scuffle with the self-checkout counter, but he still noticed Sherlock’s hand holding the book. His knuckles were bruised.
“Bryn, you’re home.” My mum gasped when she saw me. “Come on, sit down. This nice man wants to offer you a job!” She almost squealed.
“Mmm…”
John grabbed the pen, signed on Sherlock’s palm and raised an eyebrow, silently asking “what the hell is going on”.
I've hit a writer's block. Took me 3 days to write this short piece of shit. But I'm really happy with it. I think I'm a genius to write smut and Her Majesty in the same chapter without involving her at all.
“You are the only one, John. The only family I chose. And you are enough… more than enough for a lifetime.” Sherlock whispered against John, dozing off quietly wrapped in the arms of his doctor.
“Sherlock! How nice of you to join me. Tea? Or would you prefer to have a cigarette?”
Mycroft had to ask Greg to sit in front with the driver while he worked behind with the privacy screen up. It also ensured that he was working in a soundproof environment.
Then we were just watching pieces unfold. The real Moriarty is on his way to be dealt with, and the double seemed to be trained extremely well. The double and Sherlock had a little squabble, picked up a phone call furiously, and left from the back door, distracted.
Soo Lin was one of the first Black Lotus runners into Britain. After a few passes, she fell into J’s radar. The last time she entered the United Kingdom, J picked her up and recruited her. He knew she wanted to leave that life behind, and offered her an out for information.
Her fingers halted from the furious texting so quickly, I could almost hear a screech. “Tomorrow?” She asked, looking up at me with a shy smile.
“John, before we… no, before you think anything stupid, I want you. I love you. More than anything.” Sherlock held both John’s hand and led him towards his chair and sat John down. He knelt on one knee between John’s knees, “John Hamish Watson…”
chirpy, and frankly, it was terrifying.
I MADE IT! This is the last chapter of the advent, and I hope you all have enjoyed it! Happy New Year xxxxx
“Can I kiss you?”
Mycroft gave up negotiating with Sherlock. In his entire career, he never backed down from a negotiation until he has won. He always wins, except when it comes to his own blood. His baby brother.
A knock on his door pulled him out of his thoughts. “Come in.”
“Never thought he was that daring! Any idea who she is?”
“You’ve obviously had trouble with yours. Just take mine, for the shopping.”
Year after year, the July 15th killer took one life, and left clues for Sherlock. He would follow the trail and hit a dead end after months. Sherlock never realised they were evidence planted to throw him off, until the death of a significant person on July 15th this year.
“Right, you know Philip? Philip Anderson? His wife’s my best mate and they have a little… situation.”
Greg thought. This man stops using contractions in his sentences when he’s putting up a wall, the wall they had slowly torn down in the name of friendship between them over the past two years, the wall Greg had desperately tried to keep down.
“Of course I meant every word. Facts, John, are never meaningless.”
However, there was one clear line between Kaplan and M - as long as it is beneficial for both parties, they will work together, otherwise they will go their own way.
John noticed Bryn’s stares and wondered if he was interested in the man professionally or personally. He nudged Bryn’s elbow on the table and tapped out in morse - ‘Hot or suspicious’.
It was John’s gun.
“They are working on something big. Sherlock’s given the task to plan the escape routes. He has twenty eight plans currently. Moriarty won’t tell him what the plan is, but from what he gathered, it would be a mass bombing in the city. John, he’s also asked me to tell you that he’s sorry, but he had to do this to protect you and Rayna.”
I remember checking into Q-branch for an evaluation when he asked me to test the latest version of it. The fabric is bullet proof. The handle held a sword, a gun and a small pin needle with two grams of botulinum toxin. Botulinum is the world’s most toxic substance known. 0.000001 grams would be fatal to a 70kg person. Imagine how many he could kill with two grams.
Almost everyone, except for her.
“And…?”
“I don’t know. Just deleted it. But I’m still annoyed. Very, very annoyed. I can’t seem to delete the emotions that came with the information.”
See you all soon! xx
Soo Lin was hidden in the safehouse accessible through an underground tunnel into the museum. It was built many years ago when Soo Lin first came into the country. Unfortunately the intel she had was slightly outdated, which caused the failed mission that got J captured, or if he was fortunate, killed.
“Hey, John!” Bryn clasped a hand on John’s shoulder and ordered himself a bitter. As the bartender walked away, Bryn took a good long look at his side profile to determine if he was the same guy from two weeks ago.
In the months after John was rescued, Sherlock’s name was cleared. After John’s discharge, he was housed at a safe house pending the trial of his captors. The trial was not due to start for another two weeks, but something happened to his captors while they were in prison. Apparently a gang fight broke out and they were all stabbed to death, except for Erik who had suffered stab wounds and internal injuries from being raped.
Samuel, out of that ‘miserable’ hideout, dismantled and reassembled the rifle in front of him over and over again. I could tell he was itching to get back out in the field. I was about to say something smart when I heard the door clicked open, with Mister Holmes and Anthea walking towards Samuel and I… and the younger Holmes along with Doctor Watson right behind. The familiar whirr and click told me that we are now in a Faraday cage.
And around the world, operatives were receiving messages that they had lost their bets. Only one Bryn Driscoll got the good news, and his celebratory howls could be heard by his neighbours.
“Tell me.”
“No, John. I am not going to leave. I am here for you. Let me help you find yourself again. We can’t go back, but we can move on. I will be here for you, next to you, as long as you want me to. Say the word, and I will leave if you don’t want me. I want you to be happy, John. That is all I want, with or without me.”
Zhi Zhu made his move and stood face to face with his only sister.
“Of course.” The consulting detective picked up his coat and turned to face John, “I’d be lost without my blogger.”
Mycroft nodded. The last person he needs to explain all this to is the most law-abiding person he had ever known.
Mrs. Holmes only shook her head, chuckling to herself when she finally closed the door behind her. She stared at them for a good two minutes, wondering how much longer they would hold their breath with smoke in their lungs…
“Sure.”
So he leaned down and let their lips meet.
“Yes I do.”
“Can’t come too soon…”
Layla was home from a late shift. She hadn’t noticed Sally hiding in the dark corner of her bedroom. While she was filling up her bath, she heard a knock on the door.
“I guess you owe me an apology then, freak.”
John Watson.
Apparently he was high in America when he solved one of DEA’s biggest case. Some big time drug dealer… ah, Hudson. His landlady’s husband. That explains how he lives almost rent-free in the middle of London without an income. But again, if your brother runs-- IS the British Government, you wouldn’t need to worry about money.
And I knew they bugged our flat. Almost gave them a good show too.”
“I’m going to make you see stars tonight, even if you have no idea what they are.” John said huskily, voice hoarse from hours of disuse.
Then she reloaded her gun, and asked about the treasure. When John claimed that he had no idea what she was talking about, she revealed the crossbow they used in one of their shows, and assured John that the arrow was very real. He didn’t have much time. There’s only as much time as the sandbag held.
“Sure.”
“Woomera, that’s it. Thought I’d gotten rid of you… Bryn Driscoll.”
What was that emergency call from Chapter 12?
“Lestrade. I’ve been summoned. Coming?” Sherlock walked towards the door and asked John without looking.
I don't know how or why, but tonight I decided to come back and see what I've missed, and I saw one comment that made me realize there are people across the world who anonymously support me. JunkenMetel, thank you.
While John was washing his mouth, Sherlock stretched in bed, and felt that bone deep satisfaction from their activities, yet having that urge to continue. It was an odd limbo to be in. Must have been caused by neither of them achieving an orgasm. He was thinking of the ways John would get them both off when said person came back to join him.
“Not as badly hurt as I would be if you were killed by Chinese gang members!” John knew they were in the safe cab, therefore there was no holding back when he shouted at Sherlock.
In the first year, John had sixteen panic attacks and every one of them landed both him and Sherlock in the hospital. The violent nightmares made him throw punches and kicks at whoever closest to him, and with Sherlock sleeping next to John every night, it was inevitably Sherlock who received John’s fists and kicks.
John could see bruises on Sherlock’s neck.
The flat across the street goes 'boom!', Mycroft visits and graces upon Sherlock a pile of dirty legwork.
Greg was lost for words, in a good way. He barely noticed himself mumbling
“I always like the naughty ones. Not fighting back, but in denial. Let me bring you back to reality, hmm?” She sing-songed as she drew a deeper cut across his left nipple. He screamed and wailed as the pain rolled through his nerves, caused him to shudder jerk involuntarily on the floor.
His feet dangled. The stool knocked on its side.
Planning a circus wedding for Gregory & Mycroft Holmes-Lestrade.
“What? Why not?” Sherlock looked up from the book he was pretending to read.
John sat on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s shoulder, “scared the shit out of me, love.”
And then they were at Shad Sanderson, an investment bank, meeting Sherlock’s apparent ‘old friend’ from university, Sebastian.
“Mother.” He hissed. “I see that your life is still intact.” When he tried to struggle out of his bonds, he felt another pair of hands on his shoulder. He knew who it was without looking. He could recognize his own twin brother just from the way he breathed.
Greg was holding onto Molly’s shoulder when Sally went over and offered her condolences to the crying sister. She held Molly’s free hand and pulled her into a hug. Deep down, a dark smile emerged as she felt the pain in her latest victim’s family.
They both sat there across each other, silently sniping at each other. It went to the point where they started kicking each other under the table. That was when Mrs. Holmes stood up and grabbed the nearest newspaper, rolled it up and smacked the kitchen counter really hard. That
Greg had made a copy of all unsolved stabbings since the early seventies and packed them into boxes. He drove towards Baker Street, wondering what John and Sherlock were going to find. He parked in front of Speedy’s and called John to help him with the boxes. Settling down in 221B’s living room, Sherlock started going through the cases, sorted them by types of wound, location, gender, age, occupation and race. A few hours went by quickly as the three of them organised the files by Sherlock’s instructions. They found themselves surrounded by half-empty mugs of cold tea and mountains of case files.
Let's keep John on the edge for a little longer...
“Moria--” was all I could choke out before I felt a pinch on my right arm.
“Harry, come on. Let’s go home.” Silently, Harry gave Sherlock an approving nod and held Molly’s hand while they leave John’s room. Sherlock went towards the only seat next to the bed and slumped into it, gently holding John’s hand.
“D-don’t… You deserve better. Not s-someone used like me.”
“What happened next?” John pushed. With how Sherlock stopped at that part of the recounting, he knew Sherlock had heard.
The second time he caught his wife cheating was close to two years after meeting Mycroft.
“It was getting really boring--” Mister Kaplan clocked him in the back of his head before he could finish his sentence.
“That’s enough Sally. Let the doctor leave.” Greg paced up towards them and signalled for John to leave. John nodded, glad that the conversation was over.
“The first thing you told me not to do was pulling Jeremiah’s hair when we were eight months old. I have an eidetic memory, Mother, or have you forgotten that as well?”
’, he thought to himself. The vibration in his pocket was unmistakably going to be a message from his nemesis, and as always, Sherlock was right.
“Shall we try again?” I offered and she hung up.
He would learn to embrace sentiment, for John.
“Not a chance.” Sherlock said in his normal tone. “The owner here was with the Chinese intelligence agency. He’s more paranoid than Mycroft is. Sweeps the place every morning before opening.”
“Nope, not serious about the milk then.” John said to himself while trotting down the stairs.
We stared at each other for a quick second and started giggling like schoolgirls. Her laugh, I will never get enough of the sound of her laughter.
“Oh, Mrs Hudson, you are a saint.” John whispered.
“You have news. Something important, about John?”
Wrote this in under an hour! Woohoo! So much fluff my heart is about to burst into pieces!
The scene was set. All she has to do now is to go home and wait for the call. She stripped down the sheet of plastic around her body and stuffed it in a bag before leaving the crime scene.
“I solve puzzles. Dead people are just… a part of it.”
In the past that was never the case with anyone else. I have extended that level of protection for Sherlock under my own supervision. He would not believe it, but there are others above me in the hierarchy. But I have made myself indispensable for them, to protect myself and the people I love.
There was a note embedded on the file with instructions to destroy all of this when I was done. It was written in an elegant script.
Sherlock felt that tug on his hair, and John seemed to be pushing him down. He pulled away and grabbed John’s hip, flipping the doctor over. His doctor seemed to know what’s next as he raised his hips on his knees and let them part as far as he could. Sherlock was feeling something he had never felt before as he grabbed the bottle of lube from John’s drawer and pouring it on his hand. He slicked up his fingers and as it warmed up, he touched John’s rim, just drawing circles, waiting for the muscles to relax.
Twelve seconds after he clicked ‘Post Entry’, his phone pinged.
As I walked into the elevator, the familiar clicks of heels echoed down the hall. Anthea turned the corner and smiled at me, motioning for me to wait.
if I had… I would’ve came back for you immediately. I would have… gave up chasing Moriarty’s network. As long as you’re safe and alive… but you’re barely yourself anymore John, and this is all my fault. Please, John. Please wake up for me. Let me make things right for you… John.
Short chapter - wrote a really long one yesterday! And was so busy with my Christmas party, I have no time!!!
#JOHNLOCK4EVER
The last thing I saw was John and Sherlock jumping into the pool before I was thrown off the roof by the explosion.
“All of them were stabbed in the heart, and it is always a clean stab. No torture or disfigurement. And the blood on the wound is always smudged, as if someone held themselves close enough to push the blade through with their own body, to feel the victim’s life seep out of them, their last breath, last heartbeat… we are definitely dealing with a psychopath serial killer here. One that knows how to cover their tracks.”
“Hey, you look familiar. Didn’t you take my friend and I to Lauriston Gardens last week?”
Hello darlings! If you are still reading this fic, BIG THANK YOU!
” Sherlock sobbed and let his tears fall freely, soaking his cheeks and John’s hand pressed against his face. He rested his lips on the back of John’s hand, whispering his apology over and over again, calling his name, hoping John would hear him and come out of his coma.
“You heard me perfectly. I’m not saying it again.”
“Would that be a date?”
“I thought you would never want to.”
John reached down and cupped Sherlock’s cock, gently rubbing it above his pants. As Sherlock got louder, he used his other hand and pulled Sherlock head down, muffling his moans.
“Take him home, brother mine. We’ll sort this out.” Mycroft said as he looked down at his brother, struggling to keep the doctor still. His cries could be heard from outside the tunnel, and Sherlock nodded.
“Every word I said was real, John.”
Q cleared his throat, seemingly annoyed by the interruption. “If you had allowed me to finish my briefing before you opened your gap, the answer should be somewhere in there.”
And John heard Sherlock’s thoughts through his eyes. “I’m always yours to have. I love you too Sherlock, very much.” John petted Sherlock’s hair for another minute, and started to pull away, “as much as I love cuddling with you, I’d rather not do it with semen all over me.”
“Wrote this song for you when I was in Russia. I missed you so much, couldn’t concentrate on my plans. Had to write down my feelings somewhere.”
“Yeah. Read everything and wait for a call, got it. But who exactly are you?”
“Can’t have a date end with stale biscuits, can it?” She whispered back.
John took the towel, wrapping it around his waist, then silently tugged Sherlock upstairs into their bedroom. He didn’t bother drying Sherlock’s hair, neither did the detective himself. They fell into bed together, pulling the duvet over their naked bodies. John was about to fall asleep on his back when he felt Sherlock stir, followed by an arm and a leg on top of him. He pulled himself closer to Sherlock, and fell asleep with his face buried in Sherlock’s wet curls.
“Queen and country, and all that?” Greg said jokingly, eyes still moist from earlier.
“John! Turn off the gas. We are leaving, NOW!” He grabbed John’s mobile and shoved it in his face in the kitchen.
“Shit,” John said, kneeling down on one knee next to the hole, “its big enough to put your foot through! Good thing he didn’t get the electrical wiring or the pipes…”
“Yes!”
John pinched the nipples between his fingers, and rolled them slowly, variating pressure to make Sherlock moan and keen. It was delicious, the way Sherlock reacted to the things John was doing to those nubs. It was getting difficult to stay in his trousers listening to Sherlock. The thought of the younger man all meek for him made him want to come just like that.
If it wasn't clear enough in the chapter, Greg and Mycroft are living together but in separate rooms, no physical contact. They still date and stuff, but no touching and kissing... until Greg gets his divorce papers. He will, eventually, but to stick as close to canon as possible, he doesn't until further down the line.
, those were the first, and mainly about his physical appearance. Then the puzzles fell into place - John is physically attracted to Sherlock.
So were we. But what made things worse was that we couldn’t let it show. No one around this circle could.
“He sounded so… soft.” She said. I quickly grabbed her earpiece and stepped on it with a crunch. In that last twenty seconds, when I looked up onto the floor where Samuel was on, I saw him looking down at us from the window. I knew he came prepared for this, but I wasn’t. We both knew there was no way for us to save all three of us.
Sherlock thought to himself while fishing for his mobile. He flopped onto the hotel bed and sent John a text while mumbling to himself about how boring this trip was.
While John probed further as to why Mycroft was so interested in this case, Sherlock felt a tad bit prouder than he should with his doctor’s line of reasoning.
. Upstairs, now.” John ordered.
Warning (or good news to some) - SMUT NEXT CHAPTER. We are sooooo getting there!
“Why not?”
John locked the door behind him and switched on the light.
of murder, clear intentions of causing the victim grievous bodily harm, which led to her death.
It had been a long day. Greg had just arrested a man accused of raping and murdering teenagers. Compiling the transcripts for evidence had been terrible, especially when the online conversations went from ‘how are you doing?’ to sexually explicit content within minutes. Provocative wasn’t a strong enough word for what had went on, apparently for years.
“I only have a few more minutes before I have to go.” He handed me a file. “Here’s your test. There is a satellite phone in there, connected to my operators. They will be calling you tonight at eight. In between now and then, study everything in that file carefully. Understood?”
Hello everyone. Life has been tough since I stopped writing for almost a whole year now. In the beginning it was because I was busy preparing for a new life. But in the past few months my passion for life seems to have sunk to a new low. My love for this fandom has not wavered. I was so excited to start a new life in a new country, a job I could have loved, and be with someone I could have spent the rest of my life with. But now I will never know because it has been all stripped away from me during this pandemic due to travel restrictions. It was an "act of god", but I still can be disappointed and depressed.
John stared into Sherlock’s eyes.
“Bit not good, Sherlock!” John said and walked towards the door, helping Mrs Hudson carry their shopping bags towards the kitchen. She flashed the receipt at Sherlock, putting down a few items wherever she found space for it. As she placed down the last item, she noticed the eggs were forgotten, and Sherlock needed it to feed whatever that was in his petri dishes. He was about to go into a stroppy mood.
during her interview with the neighbours), John stood back near the main entrance, staring at Sherlock in his full glory.
“Hmm, come on,
, Sherlock’s mind supplied.
It was a message from Sherlock.
Sherlock was interested. Absolutely interested.
“Gentleman. Do not let Sherlock engage, at all cost. I’m sure you are all aware of his new relationship status with John Watson, make sure he’s in your radar as well.”
Bryn was told during the briefing that Soo Lin was safe. They had sent agents to pick her up from her apartment the day they realised Zhi Zhu had passed through immigration into the UK under one of his known alias.
“I’m so sorry Mrs H. We’ll get it fixed.” John said.
I closed the door behind me once I’ve led him into the kitchen. He stood straight and still behind the kitchen counter, leaning against his umbrella.
Before John could put that thought into words, the doorbell rang.
“Hello. I remember you.” He said.
“Let’s go get some Chinese. Get changed.” Then Sherlock pulled himself out of the gap and went straight into his own bedroom.
“Oh god!” John exclaimed then stood up to hug Sherlock, pulling the taller man’s face into his chest. He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head, whispering sweet nothings into those unruly curls.
Bryn signalled to John that it was the second - suspicious. This was not the same man as before. From a distance he does look like the same bartender. To an untrained eye, he was undoubtedly George the bartender. But to Bryn, the map of veins on his face are different, as well as the curve of his lower lip. He nodded towards a table at the back and they both moved with their pints.
Sally thought to herself as she opened her safe and added her eighth cork in the oak box.
“Kate who?”
“Mr Holmes?” Sherlock lifted his head in a daze and saw the housekeeper by the door.
“Safe house? Why are my things in your safe house?”
“Got time for a shower with me?” John asked seductively.
“Sure, I’ll let Kate know. 221B Baker Street yeah?”
Both of them hid their lit cigarette behind their backs when they turned around to face their mother. “Nope.” Mycroft said quickly, trying to keep the smoke in his lungs. But Sherlock on the other hand, being the little menace that he is, threw Mycroft straight under the bus and pointed his finger at Mycroft saying “Mycroft’s smoking.”
“I have been, for years, Sherlock.” John answered, slowly smoothing his fingers up and down Sherlock’s forearm on his side. When Sherlock stood there, stunned, John thought he had fucked this up, royally. “You… if… if you’re uncomfortable knowing that fact, I’ll just go and get somewhere else to live. But I really, really still want to be your best friend, Sherlock. You’re the closest person I have to family. Hell, you are even closer than family. I’m sor--”
At the age of twelve, her father had brought her and her older brother, Marcus, to their first hunting season. They were each given a swiss army knife and a small survival kit just in case they got lost in the woods. After months of training, Mr Donovan was comfortable enough to let the kids run after their German Shepherd, hunting small preys. That was Sally’s first taste of the hunt. The thrill of the hunt and kill excited her, but pigeons and deers were eventually not enough.
Now, at that point in time, he was not the most powerful man in the world, yet. He was second-in-charge, where Anthea is today. He still had most of his hair back then, and his face was… softer, like an uncle twice removed from your mother’s cousin’s side, who meets you once in a blue moon and wants to hug the shit out of you.
