“So we need to get that information and stage an intervention at nine, possibly more places in multiple countries at the same time. Mycroft might help, he’s feeling guilty enough about betraying you to Moriarty.”
Her colleague pulls out a drawer, and I use the noise it makes as cover to sneak up on the side Mycroft will very probably not pass to look at the body. The body that most definitely is not Sherlock Holmes, though it is wearing the exact same clothes Sherlock wore at the time of his death, down to the scarf Harry knitted for me to give him as a present our first Christmas. The body looks very much like Sherlock, but there are too many small differences. A look-alike, but not good enough to fool any of his friends or family – especially not a perceptive mastermind like Mycroft Holmes.
“Any ideas for an alibi? I drew blanks trying to come up with one so far, but I haven’t yet calculated in your generous offer.”
Ten minutes later, we are walking along the Wertach river, which is conveniently close to the hotel. Obviously, Sherlock has taken my request for “outside” more literal than I meant it, but the fresh air will probably do both of us good. Neither of us has said a word so far, but now he breaks the silence.
Over time, I realized I had been on my best way to become a perfect copy of my father, and suddenly it scared me. I did not want to become an overweight idiot in the suburbs with a bitchy wife. I did not want to find my happiness in the pain of others. I did not want to choose my friends because they hated the same people and chose the same victims, anymore. From that realization on, I started changing. Suddenly, I spent much more time on schoolwork, and with some help from my teammates actually started to succeed in more than sports instead of just barely passing. Wanting not even to look like the carbon-copy of my father I had been before, I dropped down three weight-classes within a year, and finding out that one of my teammates was very much into the new me only sealed the deal. Dating him fell out of my parents’ perfect world just as much as Harry and his parents had, and I couldn’t quite bring myself to care.
Our papers say that Harry is my sister, sixteen months younger than me. Both of those are lies. We are barely three months apart, though she is younger, and she was born as my cousin. I first met her after her parents died, when I was one and a half years old, and we were at war with each other for most of our childhood. But let me start where it all begins.
[He’s right, and you know it. Both our Heidi and that old guy you brought with you agreed that they saw no weapon of any kind near this man when the shots fell. And they were ready to shot the guard if he hadn’t been shot from the other side already.]
Jegor Sokolov is quite obviously not the kind of person to stay at a hostel, and indeed Sherlock heads for a sparkling four-star hotel that is the exact opposite of his last accommodation. An employee helps to carry his suitcase up to the third floor, and when we’re finally inside a beautiful single room alone, Sherlock leans back against the door and sighs in relief. Obviously, the trip has exhausted him just as much as it did me. The first thing he does is rip off his wig. His own hair is plastered to the sides of his head – I don’t want to imagine what the airtight contraption felt like after a day and night.
I look at my watch. Roughly twelve more hours to drive Sherlock crazy waiting. This will be an interesting night.
“Highlighted where they’re holding kids and where women for those places I know yet. Added some notes on the place here in Augsburg, and some of the things Alexey told me. Trying to build a battle plan for today.”
“Es darf keiner wissen, dass ich hier bin”, I explain as soon as Sherlock shuts up for a second. “Ich passe auf Jacques auf wie du auf die anderen Kinder. Das geht besser, wenn mich keiner sieht.“
It’s very much not what I wanted to talk about, but I guess it’s been gnawing at my subconscious all day. After all, it’s been little more than twenty-four hours since that groundbreaking event, and I haven’t really had the downtime to process it.
“I saved his life from a killer the splinter group sent after him when we were sixteen. He was an idiot before that.”
“I won’t join you in the field, but I’m willing to play home base. Provide you with an alibi for a couple of months if you give me a week or so of set-up time. Supply you with various magical equipment to make your bodyguard job easier, and with ways to check in with me in person at least weekly. I’ll even loan you my cloak until this job is done.”
“I miss him, too, Mrs. Hudson, and you as well. I will be coming back as soon as I can. But my sister has just received news some days ago that her cousin in Russia has died, and left a ten-year-old boy orphaned. I want to be there to help them when he gets here.”
I can feel tears running down my neck where Sherlock’s face is buried, and I wrap both arms around him tightly. Sherlock Holmes, crying, again. That’s really happening too often lately.
“I have an informant who might be in danger during the raid. My orders are to guard him personally so he can testify. He has been of tremendous help in acquiring the necessary information.”
“No, Sherlock, I want to tie you to this bed right this instant and give you a blowjob, triggering every last bit of trauma you might have gotten from what happened to you in Lyon.”
Shops in the city center are not yet closed, and I end up buying a dark crimson scarf that wouldn’t actually be too ridiculous if it weren’t paired with this cardigan. It picks up the red from the flame motif badly, completing the effect, and offers opportunity to practice talking like the run-down biker I pretend to be while talking to the shop-girls. Meanwhile, Sherlock creeps around the department store doing who-knows-what, and on the spur of the moment I decide to take some pictures at the old-school photo box in a corner of the store for Harry.
“Uh-huh. Right. And just how, pray tell, does that lead to him kissing you, and to you coming here without making him wonder where you are?”
Pick me, please. I will do anything you ask, anything, if you only leave the others alone. Suddenly, the boy reminds me of Harry in her teenage years – she always protected her friends that way, might even have used the same words in a situation like this, and she still tries to do the same for me. Sherlock feigns incomprehension, asking the guards in his French-tinted English what the boy said. When they do translate almost word for word, he smiles wickedly.
Sherlock quirks a brow but doesn’t respond. Instead, he sprawls out on the couch with his hands pressed together and drowns himself in the stormy recesses of his mind.
“You don’t have to be so gentle with me. I can-ow!” Her hand slaps against her neck. “What was…what…did…”
Sherlock grits his teeth. Suddenly, right when he is about to release another dart, something whizzes past his head, missing him by centimeters, and sticks to the middle of the board. Sherlock jumps, the dart falling from his hand.
John clicks around on his laptop. “Let’s say our killer turns up. What do you think will happen to him?”
John comes barging in after him. “Lestrade, you know he hates being interrupted.” He glances at his flatmate. “Sorry, Sherlock. We’re on our way out.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to respond, only to close it. There’s no way he can defend his foolishness...not when he realizes the signs of John’s mutual interest have been there since they met. The spark…if only Sherlock pulled himself out of his denial and faced his feelings, they wouldn’t be going through this right now. Damn his emotional incompetence.
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobs, but he keeps his gaze steady. John steps in front of him, their bodies almost touching, and lowers his voice.
Sherlock nods and disappears from the room. John wets a kitchen rag and wipes himself clean of their mingled bodily fluids. He takes his sweet time putting his clothes back on and sits on the couch, wincing at the ache in his arse as he does so. When Sherlock reappears, he’s fully dressed with his cellphone pressed against his ear.
. Well, he’s done a thorough analysis on the body, so it must not be something physical. Internal, maybe? If that’s the case, he’ll have to get an expert opinion, just to be certain.
Sherlock blinks as John gets back to work ridding him of his clothes. Sherlock lies pliant beneath the busy hands until he, too, is only in his trousers. John sits back and admires the long, pale plane of Sherlock’s torso.
“I’m afraid that defense won’t hold up very well in court.” Sherlock gets in his face. “You stupid, brilliant bastard.” He presses their lips together firmly.
“You know not to do that, Sherlock,” she mumbles. “It makes me think one of the dead came back to life.”
“You’re a wanted murderer, John.” He slaps a pair of handcuffs onto John’s wrists. “I owe your capture to the Yard, as well as my own sanity.”
“Doesn’t that sound a bit far-fetched? The bloke steals morphine from a hospital in another country and travels here to kill prostitutes with it? Why not kill them in their country? Why London?”
. The lack of evidence at each scene suggests the work of someone who’s done their research. It’d be fascinating if it weren’t so damn frustrating.”
Sherlock taps out the code against his leg: “C-a-t-c-h m-e.” Wow, even the killer knows this game is getting ridiculous.
John sits with his book and flinches with each shot. “It’s going to cost you a fortune to get that repaired,” he comments.
She sounds like me now, at least close enough to fool most people. Everything else can probably be blamed on shock and mourning. Harry pulls on one of my sweaters and my trusty old jacket, and it almost looks like a uniform, even though I know her usual creatively patterned cardigans offer exactly the same protections.
“Sleep, please, Sherlock. It will help you deal. You’ll need all the strength you can get if you want to pull that investigation off tomorrow.”
“Survival gear and a week’s worth of food and drinks for two, just in case”, I add. “Weapons and ammunition, obviously.”
Watching Sherlock strip off his costume piece by piece is a beautiful thing, but I take my eyes off before he gets to the underwear. I am not a fifteen-year-old who abuses invisibility to see his adored naked. Even someone like Sherlock, who cares so little for propriety and privacy so often, deserves some privacy. I don’t follow him into the bathroom, either, no matter how much I’d like to take a shower, too. There is just no way to achieve that without him noticing.
The bus overtakes me a half-hour later, but I can’t bring myself to care much. I finished my early dinner while I walked, and I’m getting close to wherever Sherlock’s stopped. Finally reaching a large, cheap hostel surprises me. Is there someone or something here he’s investigating, or is he staying at this place? It seems out of character, but maybe it’s part of his cover identity. The trace leads me to an eight-bed dormitory, but Sherlock’s not in it. He’s locked the scarf in a small suitcase on one of the beds, and I can only hope he will be back soon and not go on his next adventure without it.
I finally catch up with him in a side street almost five minutes later, barely on time before he rings a doorbell at a small side entrance between two shopfronts. It seems to lead to some apartments aboce, and Sherlock gives what is probably the pass phrase of the day, written on the note the shopkeeper gave him. Luckily, there is a door catcher that keeps the door open, and by the time Sherlock pulls it shut, I have snuck past him. We’re in a staircase that looks older than the house front, and I silently swear to myself. The old wooden stairs will creak badly, threatening my cover.
Sherlock is already getting on a tram when I get close to him, and of course I miss it. I’ll have to take the same line to ensure I reach his destination, and the next one is listed in fifteen minutes. Time enough to grab a bite. Who knows when I will get the next opportunity, knowing Sherlock’s usual whirlwind investigation habits. There’s a small fast food restaurant on the other side of the street with an open front door, and I sneak into the bathroom to take off my invisibility cloak. Being seen is always a risk, but if I only take off the cloak inside, that limits the number of witnesses.
“Well done, John. I didn’t think anyone but Mycroft would catch all that. You were wrong about one thing, though.”
I follow Harry, or rather, “John Watson”, the copy, all the way to Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson is waiting next to an expensive-looking sports car I have never seen before.
“I can see why they got divorced”, Sherlock mutters, and he might be right. Clara’s taste in clothes was unconventional enough that we really should have suspected a connection to the wizarding world even before the wedding in hindsight – most of those “purebloods” raised without contact to the normal world do have very weird ideas about fashion.
Because there’s never any room to hide unnoticed up in the bus, and those luggage compartments are damn uncomfortable. Also, some of the drivers drive like maniacs – I’m still bruised all over from being thrown around crossing the Alps.”
“Er hat recht, und das weißt du. Sowohl unsere Heidi als auch dieser alte Kerl den du mitgebracht hast haben einstimmig bestätigt dass sie keine Waffe jeglicher Art auch nur in der Nähe dieses Mannes gesehen haben, als die Schüsse fielen. Und sie wären bereit gewesen, den Wächter zu erschießen, wenn er nicht vorher von der anderen Seite erschossen worden wäre.“
“Something to drink would be nice”, he says, quietly enough that even were someone near, they might not hear him. I nod and rise.
Not for long, if I have any say in that. If there is any way I can without consequences to the children, I will shoot this man, even if it is the last thing I do.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. I will bring the boy to visit you when he’s adjusted to life in London a bit. I know how much you like spoiling your sister’s grandchildren, and I’m sure Alexey will love you just as much as Sherlock and I always have.”
The others shake their heads, and Niedermayr gestures for Sherlock to join him. “Monsieur Poirot, if you would?”
“So rather later at night, not middle of the day, that answers that question. Think you can improvise sounding drunk in German? It does have to be better that your American accent yesterday.”
“Hey, brother dearest… did you have a good nap?”, she asks, and I grin inwardly. Harry is an expert at cover stories, I’ll always have to give her that. I nod.
“He died about four years ago, back in his home town. I did not even make it to the funeral because John was in the hospital after getting shot, and I didn’t want to leave his side for that long when Ksyusha called. She wanted to come live with me after the funeral, because life as a single mother without any family is pretty hard in rural Russia, but I have not heard from her since. Is that when she was taken?”
I hand him the cloak. With a smile like a kid in a candy shop, Sherlock steps in front of the large mirror. He drapes the cloak over his shoulders and marvels at how his head seems to float in the air. Then, he flips up the hood, finally raising the hem of the cloak up a bit to see how his feet become invisible.
“He stayed to protect the other kids, and from what we saw today, probably somewhat successfully, too.”
The answer is no, and it breaks my heart. Tears stream down my face as I follow them up the stairs, but I know I have to. If Sherlock and this boy can do this, I owe it to their sacrifice to at least stay and protect them in case something else happens.
“That was the only good moment of that episode, yes. I’ve had a great run of flabbergasting guards on this case.”
“Alright. So we modify our already fake family tree some more, that’s easy. Let’s see… So our mother had an affair with a Russian after John was born, he knew and so did his family. Makes Alexey’s mother my cousin, who’s sporadically been in contact. What’s her name?”
“When are you coming back, John?”, she asks after a while. “It is so dreadfully silent since you and Sherlock are gone.”
“Oh, my poor little Ksyusha… I knew I should have been more insistent when the police refused to file her as a missing person because she lived and disappeared outside Europe…”
“Oh, John! That poor boy!”, she exclaims, and once again proves how much she thinks of everyone else’s well-being first. “Help your sister for as long as she needs it, I will keep everything neat her for you.”
“Don’t underestimate how much noise you make even sneaking, especially when there’s someone there who knows about it.”
Sherlock moving around the room finally wakes me. My watch tells me it’s already late afternoon, and I feel surprisingly well rested. Sherlock is getting dressed, this time as neither of the previous identities but as a very mediocre middle-aged man who looks like he could be Djamil al Marad’s father or uncle, and it’s just as interesting to watch as the previous transformation. Back home, Sherlock never let me see this, usually just the finished product when he came back from one of his undercover stunts. Finally, he sorts through his luggage and grabs the barest necessities, then locks up the rest in a closet. Looks like he’s finally ready to leave.
more Harry. Glad to read you like her - she and you'll have to wait until she meets Alexey, still, but today, she meets Sherlock Holmes for the first time, and that might prove interesting all on its own.
Half an hour later, I am back in Augsburg, landing in the hotel hallway invisibly. Harry and I have argued back and forth for a while, trying to figure out how much is safe to tell Sherlock. He’s good with secrets, but he’s also deeply curious, and I fear he might try to figure out more if he even learns about the portkeys. Harry suddenly doesn’t care anymore, and eventually, I relent. It’s her secrets, her choice. I knock on Sherlock’s door, and when he sees no one upon opening, he smiles.
Sherlock actually growls at that, pressing me back against the wall again. The kiss grows more and more heated, and both of us are moaning into it by the time Harry clears her throat behind us. We hastily break apart, but Harry only laughs.
There is something I am not seeing about this, and I will find out. That is the only thing that keeps me going right now. I will save Sherlock Holmes, even if it appears to already be too late. Even if I have to save him from himself. They have not left me alone for a second since the fall, but I finally found a way. One of Mycroft’s cars is driving me to Harry’s place, and I overheard that Mycroft is due to identify Sherlock’s corpse in an hour. I will figure out the truth, even if it kills me.
“You’re good at this”, Sherlock says approvingly, and for a moment I get almost jealous. It should be me Sherlock’s collaborating with on a case, not my sister. But this is for the boy’s sake, and she’s very much a part of this now.
We settle down in the dining room, and I finally unroll all the paperwork we’ve brought with us. Sherlock explains some of the intricacies of the case to Harry, and I busy myself making tea. When I return, I hear Harry ask:
The answer comes so quickly that I know she’s thought about it a while, possibly all throughout my afternoon investigations.
He jumps up, almost knocking his teacup off the nightstand in his eagerness. I put a hand on his arm.
Harry plays her role incredibly well, shouting and swearing at the headstone, begging Sherlock to please not be dead. I watch the emotions play across his face, more than he would ever show in front of another human being. It seems to take almost every ounce of his self-control not to answer, but when “I” and Mrs. Hudson finally walk away, he turns around and briskly walks into the opposite direction. I follow.
With that, he pulls me down the hall and up the stairs, Harry’s bright laughter echoing behind us. I’m guessing that delay he asked for when we first started kissing is over now.
“I see the only thing I needed to do to get some consideration both for me and your transport’s demands was to kiss you”, I tease, and he chuckles darkly.
I keep watching Sherlock in the metro and on the walk back from the station to our hotel, but it’s almost impossible to guess how Mr. “sociopath” feels about this whole thing. Simultaneously, I’m wondering just as much what kind of information he learned from this stunt, and how it fits in with what he learned in Amsterdam. Was all this worth it, for the sake of Sherlock’s sanity? Or was this whole escapade just as fruitless as Lyon?
“That boy is someone special, John… he reminded me so much of you. Someone who lives to protect others. They keep both mothers and children in line with threads to kill the other if anyone revolts, escape or tries to get help, but he… He’s been there for years, and found out only a few months in that his mother had been killed shortly after he arrived. He’d have had so many opportunities to escape ever since, as he didn’t have anyone to endanger anymore… but he didn’t.”
They do small talk and coffee for a while, Sherlock actually stooping to drink some himself. I settle into a corner to watch and wait as another dozen officers trickle in. Finally, when the last man has grabbed a chair, Niedermayr steps up to the front.
Is the formatting of translations okay like this, or should I change something to make it more readable?
“Southwestern Russia, near the Ukrainian border. Bright, with the talent for languages children so often have and don’t get to train, and yes, very much like John. Like you, too, from what I saw today. Brave, loyal, protective, starting to develop the cynicism associated with bad experiences. Dark hair, so more believably a relative than if you’d have looked more like John.”
I can almost see things clicking into place in Sherlock’s head. He’s probably linking the story in with his own deductions, both today and before he met her, but his answer is most definitely not what I was expecting.
And Molly Hooper, the only morgue employee to know better, is on a leave of absence until after the funeral, supposedly to give her the time to mourn her friend. I smell a conspiracy.
“The name Oxana Vasilyeva has come up in a file about a large Interpol case I received this morning. I’m afraid she has passed away a few years ago, but her son Alexey has given your name as his only remaining relative.”
Afterwards, I hurry to follow as he struts down a street. He seems to know exactly where he’s going – he’s probably been to Paris multiple times before. I’ve never quite had the temptation, and I don’t speak a word of French. German was my language in school, and I got quite a bit of practice with that during the few months I was stationed with the NATO troops in Bergen in Germany shortly after I finished my doctorate, and then again on the few occasions we had to deal with the Bundeswehr in Afghanistan. Maybe it will give me a heads-up if this journey continues to one of the German-speaking countries next.
here with soldiers in training, they tended to get pretty rowdy on the weekends. Might need some cover identity though, something along the lines of your disguises. Think you can help?”
“I tried to file a Missing Person’s, but the police said they’re not in charge of people disappearing in other countries, and couldn’t do anything unless I had evidence of a crime, which I didn’t. I’ve kept worrying ever since.”
“Zwei Falafelwraps zum Mitnehmen, bitte. Und ein Glas Tee für die Wartezeit.” [two falafel wraps to go, please. And a glass of tea while I wait.]
“I’ll miss you, Mrs. Hudson, but everything here just reminds me too much of him right now. Would you… could you maybe go to his grave with me again tomorrow?”
I smile at his outburst. Does he really think he’s fooling me into thinking it’s only the case he’s concerned about? I was right to call him a sentimental fool, even if I’m no better.
“And just who was it that came up with such ridiculous claims? I am just a small IT expert, I really wouldn’t know anything about fake IDs.”
I hardly dared to hope, but there she was. I recognized her immediately, even though she had quite obviously gone through and already taken the potions she had told me about. The tiny, cautious smile was still the same, as well as her green eyes and the infamous scar. Nothing has ever made me feel quite as relieved as seeing her alive that day, and I couldn’t help but pull her into a tight hug. For a long time, we clung to each other like two people drowning.
Sensing the presence of Sherlock’s scarf in the suitcase next to me is incredibly comforting. It has come to mean Sherlock’s near, over the years. On instinct, I reach out to Harry instead. I can only feel location, not what’s going on or how she’s doing, but she’s at work, and I know she’s always happy when she’s baking.
“He thinks it’s an old heirloom. He didn’t even believe me until I came up with a plan how to useit to finally break that case and save all those people. That was what we were working on all night.”
A moment later, the boy is lying on his belly, and Sherlock is above him. His trousers are around his ankles, but almost nothing is visible of either of them. Sherlock’s shirttails cover his ass, and his lanky frame makes sure that almost nothing is visible of the struggling boy. It looks bad, but from the side I can see none of it is real, that it’s just make-believe for the cameras, even more that the scene between Sherlock and Faduma a few days ago. Even thinking about Sherlock going as far for a case as this is going to look on camera would break me, would make me shoot him and any other adult in this place, no matter the consequences.
“What’s this about, JD? Sherlock have a kid nobody knows about? He ask you to adopt when you both get home?”
The two of us are sitting in the dining room cutting up vegetables for dinner when the doorbell rings. Moments later, Harry calls out.
“Actually, John, I’m not here about you”, Mycroft clarifies. I pretend to startle. “Your sister’s name has come up in a file that landed on my desk this morning, and seeing the relation, I decided to visit both of you myself instead of leaving it to the usual authorities.”
“The work needs you, too. We’ve seen that again today. I guess you were right, this only works as a three-way relationship. No more secrets of that magnitude from now on, I promise.”
“What was it that you said to the ones in Lausanne?”, I ask. “Their reaction was pretty entertaining, but I never managed to figure it out. French isn’t my language at all.”
I can’t help but burst into giggles at the look of indignation on his face, and it’s echoed from the doorway.
I reach out and yank the hood of the cloak off his head, probably taking some of his hair with it. I don’t care. I need something to aim my incredulous glare at – I know something weird would happen if I let Sherlock borrow that thing.
We arrive in Lyon around sunrise. I watch Sherlock stretch while he waits to access his luggage, and can’t wait to do the same. When the crowds in front of the hold finally disperse, I have to hurry up to follow Sherlock.
In the wee hours of the morning, the case-chart is all sorted, and we’ve made progress on putting together a well-structured dossier with all the relevant information Mycroft might need to pass on to Interpol.
He sits down on the bed, resting his back against the headboard. Spreading his legs wide, he gestures for Faduma to join him, again holding her from behind. Strangely, the fact that he is still fully dressed calms me. This seems to not be headed towards another disaster like the one in Lyon. Starting with small, innocent touches, he begins to caress her, and she leans into him like a cherished lover. They keep whispering, Sherlock’s head hidden in her hair, probably to hide the fact that he understands her and answers. Slowly, the touches intensify.
The front door has hardly closed when Harry grips my shoulder and yanks me around to look at her. Her anger reminds me of Sherlock, burning bright and furious.
So yeah, I finally got around to typing out the next chapter, which was already written when I posted the first four. But it's twice as long as the previous ones, so enjoy - we're finally going to Amsterdam, and getting to see Sherlock investigate quite a few connections to previous cases. John is intrigued, maybe you will be, too?
I nod, and she drapes the cloak over me. I clutch the edge of it with one hand to make sure I won’t leave it behind when I port.
The guards watch Sherlock closely, but he does not show even the slightest bit of surprise. Either he suspected this, or he is even better an actor than I thought. His eyes slowly move through the room, following first one child, then another, probably deducing things about how this place treats them. One of the older ones, a boy of maybe ten or eleven, steps up in front of him.
[Good evening. This is room 317, could we get a large pot of tea with two cups, please? Yes, 317, thank you. Good evening to you, as well.]
He is still adopting that heavy French accent he has used in this guise throughout. Niedermayr nods.
“He was going to shoot you, or Alexey, maybe even both. I couldn’t let that happen. You’re both family now.”
It was was my decision to join the army that cause our first big fight. I wanted to become a doctor, wanted to save people the way she had saved me in so many ways. The army would pay for my education, and it would also – though I obviously left out that part when reasoning with Harry – teach more ways to save people, and offer opportunity to use them. Unlike most recruits, I knew exactly what I was getting into. I knew Harry’s nightmares and panic attacks. I knew how often she cried because of every single person she could not save. I knew every single one of her scars, , both physical and mental, yet I still wanted to fight. I needed to finally be the one who fought and saved others, instead of always being saved myself. I needed to pay back my dues.
He agrees, but I’m not all that sure I can trust him. Sherlock Holmes and an invisibility cloak, that might just prove to be more than the world can take. I will probably come to rue this.
An hour later, Djamil al Marad and the aging biker soon to be known as Werner Niedermayr walk into a small photographer’s shop in Amsterdam. Sherlock laughed out loud when I told him the name I had chosen some days ago. Neither of us will forget Kriminalhauptkommissar Jakob Niedermayr for a while, one of the most thorough officer’s we’ve met on this journey and the only one to get anywhere close to uncovering Sherlock’s secrets. The thought of him being related in any way to an identity like this one seems utterly ludicrous, which is exactly why I chose the name.
“You came… recommended. I have a few… friends who need to be able to travel through Europe freely, and someone hinted you might be able to help.”
“If he didn’t, it’s his own fault. He never quite realized how wrong he was about you, either. Nor that the scarf I gave him for Christmas has some usual properties. Though he did notice the unusual fiber blend, I’ll give him that much.”
“Maybe we are overlooking something—something that’s right in front of us.” He shrugs and sets the cup down before returning to the book on his lap.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I'm afraid not, Lestrade. I have my suspicions that John committed these crimes.”
Sure enough, a phone call to every pharmacy in London proved that John was right. A handful of people in the area are on morphine, and it’s the pill form, not the liquid, so every person was ruled out.
Originally, I had the ending where John just goes off to prison, no questions asked (which is very unrealistic, as there is only circumstantial evidence connecting him to the crimes), which meant his actions were all for nothing. Although Sherlock would've satisfied his sense of justice, he would've felt devastated after losing John in such a way. So, in a sense, both of them would've lost. I had to give John a redeeming moment as well. I can't imagine him going full-blown psychopath over a crush, basically. I tried to make Sherlock's conflict evident, but does covering for John seem like something he would do? Would Sherlock ever choose his affection for John over his sense of duty to the Yard? I'd love to hear any thoughts on how this all turned out. :]
Lestrade stands next to him. “We viewed the motel records. Nobody has checked into this room in over a month.”
Lestrade enters with another officer. “Well, who is the…” He trails off when he sees John in handcuffs. “Is this some kind of prank?”
Finally, John falls silent. He raises his steaming cuppa to his lips while gazing at Sherlock thoughtfully.
The cheap motel door opens to reveal a gorgeous, scantily clad woman. Her glossy, red lips spread into a seductive smile, while her blue eyes sparkle with layers of mischief.
Sherlock starts pacing, a mess of thoughts filling his brain. “The killer is taking the precious time to lure each victim to a filthy motel, instead of a dark alleyway or vehicle. This is a fantastic way to minimize suspicion and maintain control over the naïve victim. He can do virtually anything to end her life in this position. He could stab her, shoot her, beat her, but those are far too messy. He likes to keep his hands clean. Cleanliness and organization are important attributes of our killer’s profile.”
Lestrade exchanges glances with the other officer. “Well, if this is what your instinct is telling you, I suppose we could take him in for questioning. I really hope you're both wrong, though.” He hauls John to his feet. “Get the door for us?”
Two weeks fly by without another murder. Sherlock busied himself with smaller cases and solved them within a couple days. Still, he couldn’t fully drag his mind away from the prostitute murders. There is something incredibly troubling about them. Right when he refocuses on the case, a young woman’s body turns up in a shady motel.
At the morgue, Molly is about to slide the prostitute’s body inside the fridge when Sherlock approaches her from behind. She jumps, like she always does, and whips around, her gaze softening.
Sherlock sighs and pulls his eyes away from the microscope. “No, and there isn’t anything unusual on this sample. Fetch me the other one.”
“John, the perpetrator could have taken the morphine from any hospital in the UK,” he tried to reason again. “We’re not branching out far enough and exploring the other possibilities.”
“For God’s sake, John, he’s taking the time to carve my name into their flesh! Clearly the killer wants me to see something.”
“And go through the trouble of killing London prostitutes? What would be the logic behind that?” John retorted.
John releases right after, untouched, his come splattering across Sherlock’s abdomen. Sherlock pulls a face at the sticky mess. John collapses down onto him, only adding to Sherlock’s discomfort. They lay like this for a few moments with Sherlock’s mind whirring.
A smile tugs at the corners of John’s lips. “It doesn’t take a genius to know that crime is your oxygen, and mysteries are your aphrodisiac.”
John kisses back and follows him when the kiss breaks. Tears well in his eyes, giving Sherlock a heart-wrenching glimpse of the old, vulnerable John.
With his gaze fixed on the dart board, Sherlock carefully takes aim and tosses another dart. It sticks right in the middle target. John bought him the board in order to save what’s left of the wall. Sherlock’s taken to it quite well, which not only pleases John, but also their landlady, Mrs. Hudson.
Without thinking, he slides the syringe into his coat pocket before they turn around. John draws his bottom lip between his teeth, breath caught in his throat. Lestrade gazes at him expectantly.
When they part for air, John takes the upper hand and shoves Sherlock toward the couch. Sherlock falls back onto the plush material with John falling on top of him. John makes quick work removing his clothes until he is just in his trousers. He starts on Sherlock’s long coat before a pair of large, pale hands still his efforts.
Sherlock stands in front of him. They stare at each other before Sherlock lunges forward and smashes their lips together. The force causes John to drop the needle and crash back into the wall. They release weeks of pent-up emotions through the harsh clacking of teeth and frantic clawing at something intangible.
John’s blown gaze snaps up, and they lock eyes. Sherlock swears he feels his own pupils dilating. With that, John removes his fingers and squirts a generous amount of lube onto Sherlock’s erection. Sherlock sucks in a quiet breath at how cold the liquid is. He stares up at John but makes no attempt to remove himself from the situation.
Tossing the bottle of lube aside, John grabs Sherlock’s member and lines it up with his prepared entrance. Without warning, John slams down onto the hard organ, a shout escaping his lips. Sherlock hisses at the tight sensation. He squeezes John’s hips so hard he’s sure there will be bruises later.
Sherlock’s intense gaze finally snaps onto John. His hands twitch at his sides, his lips press into a tight line. John timidly reaches out and brushes the smooth, porcelain skin of Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock visibly flinches.
Sherlock cracks a small smile and rises from the stool. “Thank you for all that you do, Molly.” He says lowly.
In the blink of an eye, Sherlock whips out the pistol and presses the barrel into John’s forehead. “All those women, John…you sacrificed four women over a petty attraction?” he spits in quiet anger.
John increases his pace, his hands roaming across Sherlock’s chest. It’s not until John massages Sherlock’s nipples that his body stiffens and eyes widen. John moans at the reward of warm, thick fluid filling him up.
“Wouldn’t that make him easier to spot?” John asks, following him. “If he did handle the morphine legally, a pharmacist would have record of it.”
Sherlock scoffs lightly. “Where would they have trained somebody to acquire and use morphine with such precision?”
Sherlock blinks. He honestly doesn’t know what to think about that. Someone owning him? Well, he quickly decides he doesn’t like that thought very much.
Lestrade draws in a breath. “Please, let me know if anything turns up. Anything at all, even if it seems insignificant. Will you do that?”
work kept me awake every night wondering what I could have possibly been overlooking. So many facts; so little evidence. I nearly drove myself mad with the desire to solve this case.” He stops and turns to face him. “Your thinking wasn’t just brilliant, John; it was the work of a stupid, mad genius.”
Actually, Sherlock doesn’t want or need to know that. A familiar twinge creeps into his system. He doesn’t need the images of random women wallowing all over John with their cheap perfume and lipstick. Sherlock doesn’t respond to the statement and slips inside the reassuring familiarity of his mind.
Sherlock stares at him with the fury of a thousand suns. How could he have been so daft? When he thinks about it, John fits the killer’s profile perfectly. Not that he wants to think about it. Not with his gut churning in rage, betrayal, intrigue, and something else entirely unwelcome.
“Good evening, Lestrade. I think you will be pleased to hear I’ve apprehended our serial killer.” The color rushes out of John’s face. “Yes, it is a tremendous relief. Yes, justice is finally being served. He’s at my flat, so bring yourself over.” He hangs up.
I’m beginning to see why he gives those wicked smiles so often, because the one now creeping onto my face feels a whole lot better than it probably should. Maybe I’m not as nice a person as I always thought.
Harry’s house – not ours, not anymore, not since I left for Afghanistan – is located centrally enough that I make it to St. Bart’s on time easily. I know that Mycroft is just as perceptive as his younger brother, so I make a point of already hiding down in the morgue before he arrives. Sneaking in behind him would pose too great a risk at every door he passes through, even when invisible. Either Holmes brother would most definitely notice a door that pauses while swinging shut, and even more one that bounces back open afterwards. I cannot afford even the slightest bit of alarm in him.
“I’ve been working double shifts since Wednesday, alone, but today at least Adam’s back to take over afternoon shift. Everyone’s decided to get the flu at the same time, apparently. Counter’s similarly understaffed. So, yeah, I’ve had great distraction from worrying about you. You could help out for a few hours if you want to talk, I’d appreciate the help.”
Five hours later, I hardly recognize myself. My undercover identity looks about fifteen years older than me, with longish, unkempt gray hair and an epic moustache that makes me swear to myself to never grow one. With that dreadful cardigan, I do look like that aging biker Sherlock has claimed I reminded him of before. He’s done marvelous work, and I stare at my mirror image in wonder.
“I’m not making you go through that! I am not letting you pose as a customer for these people, it’s too risky, they’d never believe you! You’re too honest, they’d realize how disgusting you think all that is! They hardly believed my lies!”
“Thank you, too, Harriet Watson. That was great acting. I am glad I listened to John’s idea of asking you for this.”
Of course Sherlock does not sleep, and neither do I. He spends every minute going over every little detail of the case over and over again, and in the end, we’re at the police station almost forty minutes early. We seem not to be the only ones eager to solve this case, either. Niedermayr and one of his men are already in the conference room we are led to by a young uniformed officer, going over case details with large cups of coffee in hand. Niedermayr looks up as we enter and nods.
Sherlock finally takes off the cloak and says something in Russian, and Alexey rushes over to hug him instead, breaking into a monologue that sends Sherlock grinning. I turn to Harry, who watches uncertainly.
Mycroft is clearly taken aback by my sudden attack on his person. Good. That was exactly my intention – distract him from Harry.
By the time I found out I needn’t have worried, I found myself in the middle of a serial murder investigation, running through London without the walking stick Sherlock had known from the start I didn’t need. It was addicting, and everything I needed. A little white lie when I figured out he’d actually deduced everything he knew about me and Harry helped keep him in the dark, and he mistook my relieved burst of laughter when I figured out he didn’t actually know a thing for shocked surprise. He hadn’t called her my brother because he knew she was transsexual – he’d done so because of her name and the fact she’d been married to a woman.
Sherlock Holmes is hidden well among the trees, and my heart flutters when I see him. He really is alive, and obviously far more sentimental than almost everyone but me and Mycroft suspected. High-functioning sociopath, indeed – back in his trademark clothes that make him stick out so badly when he should be hiding, the treasured gift of a scarf back around his neck when he really should have left it with the decoy, lurking in the shadows to catch one last look at the people he loves. The ridiculous idiot might just be driven by his emotions more than almost anyone else in my life, and I love him all the more for it.
“That’s sort of a long story, not really one to be shared in a shower. Maybe… maybe we can take this outside and get dressed first?”
My name is John Watson. It’s not the name I was born with, but it’s the one that feels right. The one I carried for 26 of my 43 years, and the one that belongs to the person I want to be. For eight years, it has been Dr. John Watson, and the army awarded me the rank of Captain a while after that. But this will not be the story of either title, nor of how I came to the name that now feels like mine. This is the story of how, two years ago, I suddenly came to fear that all the secrets I’ve kept for so many years would come to light and ruin not only my life, but also my sister’s. This is the story of how I met Sherlock Holmes.
“Bullet holes might actually improve it – they’d fit the pattern in a weird way. Harry packed it as a joke to cheer me up, it used to be her ex-wife’s.”
It all started some weeks after I got out of the army officially, a few months after I got shot in Afghanistan. I was barely scraping by on my army pension, fearing very much that I’d either have to move in with my sister or leave London entirely. My sister had barely talked to me after I went through with army plans, even though she’d checked in periodically to make sure I was still alive and did not need to be rescued. She knew I was back, but I had refused to meet her. She thought I was angry because I’d got shot just like she prophesied when trying to thwart my army plans, but in reality, I just didn’t want her to know how badly my PTSD had gotten, in fear of triggering her own.
“Ms. Vasilyeva was one of the victims of a human trafficking ring Interpol uncovered this week. I really only took notice of her name before I passed on the file because it threw me that one of the star witnesses in such a case should be related to someone who worked on so many high-profile cases with my deceased brother. I’m sure you understand it is a strange coincidence.”
The guard barks another question, and this time, Sherlock answers with a single word for once: “Exquisite”, followed by a question I guess to be about money, as that is what he hands over a moment later. Then, he steps over the threshold, and for a moment I am tempted to stay in the hallway. Then, my sense of loyalty wins out, and I hurry past him.
When Harry returns with the tea tray and throws Paddy off the chair to sit there herself, Mycroft bows forward and looks at her inquisitively.
“That sounds like a case Sherlock should have been working on, doesn’t it, Mycroft? Have you already replaced him that easily? Are you planning to betray that one to the next bad guy who asks, too?”
“I put the tracker on him”, I hasten to defend myself, “and was right next to him the whole time, I promise. And I’ve brought it with me now, too. I had no other chance. He was the only one who knew what information we needed exactly and where to find it. I promise, I made sure everything went as safely and secretly as it could. Ask him yourself if you want, he’d never endanger me that way. You’re safe.”
“How much would you be willing to assist? I know you turned your back on this lifestyle, and I really don’t want to drag you back into it.”
The look in his eyes already tells me that he’s not finished, and that I’ll probably want to hit him for what he says next.
“The case we’re on… It’s bad”, I decide to start explaining my actions. “Human trafficking, prostitution, children in situations I wouldn’t wish on my worst enemy. Stakes escalated, and Sherlock had a nervous breakdown some thirty hours ago. I was afraid of what he might do.”
When I finally sit outside on a bench near the shop, I hold out my hand with one of the wraps in it. I can feel Sherlock take it, but not see his hand, and it disappears a moment later. He is learning from his mistakes. When I hear the tinfoil rustle, I open my own. It is even better than I expected, with homemade yoghurt sauce and fresh mint leaves in what seems to be home-baked flatbread. Just as good as in Afghanistan. I studiously ignore Sherlock to concentrate on it, then throw the wrapping paper and foil into the bin next to me. A second wad just like it sails over me to land beside it. Seconds later, a toothpick appears on my lap, and I laugh.
“That does sound like a useful man to have on hand. I have two rooms to point you at, specifically, then. An office and a storage room in the basement. I will draw something of a map once the rest of the team is here.”
I put down my book. After all this time, I’m used to the strange changes in topic and apparent non-sequiturs his whirlwind mind produces, even when it picks up threads of conversation we had on a different day.
Of course, I don’t actually search for anything. Sherlock and I have an appointment to keep in Amsterdam, and as soon as we’re through the door, Sherlock pulls me through the door of his room.
She is the only one I have ever told about my feelings for Sherlock, the only one except him who knows how badly every life I can’t save pulls at me. And she is also the only one who might be able to help me solve this case – my first case without Sherlock, the case of Sherlock Holmes himself. But it is not safe to talk out here, not with Mycroft’s car still outside and Mycroft himself in control of all security cameras in London. Very, very subtly, without loosening the hug, I push Harry back into the doorway, and she understands. Within seconds, the door closes behind us, and she pulls back to give me a scrutinizing look. The hallway is one of very few areas of the house that are safe from observation.
“Same family name… I like the sound of that. John and Harriet, brother and sister… maybe even twins? No… I think I like that you’re older than me, I’ll keep that part. My big brother John. I have some favors from less than legal contacts I can pull in, they should be able to work it out. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“They tried to ridicule me for ‘not being man enough to fuck a woman right’, and I needed a quick excuse, so I said…” He adopts the same haughty expression and Russian dialect je used as Jegor Sokolov. “Just because I lost all ability for orgasm to cancer does not mean I can’t enjoy a woman’s pleasure any more. After all, they are always so thankful, when all they usually get is fools who can’t do it right.”
My fear rises when we get to the cemetery and the scarf is already there. Are they burying it with him? That would throw back our plans by a whole lot, might even mean stalking Mycroft Holmes endlessly for hints to Sherlock’s location or first destination. I’m sure they are working together in some way or another, however much Sherlock usually resents to do so. But no, the scarf is still on Mycroft’s person, and he does not hand it to me when I stop to talk to him. All throughout the ceremony, I fret about the future of that precious piece of fabric, and about that of the man who used to wear it and hopefully will again soon. I know that back home, Harry is already preparing. Supposedly cleaning out my old room, she is actually brewing up large amounts of the shape-changing polyjuice potion and stocking my emergency pack with everything I or Sherlock might need. More will be added from my own personal things after we move my things from Baker Street tomorrow.
Around twenty minutes in, the door opens. Sherlock comes in, now looking like himself again. The beard is gone, the curly hair is wet and tousled, and he’s only wearing a towel around his waist. I should be used to the sight by now – hell, I saw him go to Buckingham Palace wearing only a sheet -, but my breath still catches. I can only agree with the wolf-whistles the two girls are giving him.
I barely make it into Alexey’s room before the guard closes the door. Sherlock sits down on the bed beside the boy, starting to talk quietly but rapidly in Russian, probably trying to explain our plans before the rescue team arrives. He looks to the door, and I make sure to stay in the camera’s blind spot before I take off the cloak and wave. Alexey stares at me, and Sherlock keeps talking rapidly.
The shopgirl apologizes, and soon, we’re proud owners of a set of passport pictures both in printed and digital form that highlight every last ridiculous detail of this character. They go nicely with the two sets of pictures we have already had taken of my other two new identities over the last days. We still have an hour to waste, and we spend it trawling Albert Cuyp market for things that might good additions to current and future identities for either of us, as well as small gifts for Harry and Alexey.
“Das ist die Kugel, die der böse Mann auf dich und Sherlock geschossen hat. Sie soll dich immer daran erinnern, dass wir alle eine Familie sind und auf dich aufpassen.“
“How did I earn that one?”, I ask when he finally has to come up for air, and he brushes a strand of hair from his face nervously. “Please tell me so I can do it more often.”
He stares at me incredulously, and suddenly we’re both giggling madly. When we finally sober up, a look of resignation crosses his face.
Harry lets me out of the trunk the same way she helped me in – by dawdling, seemingly because she fears the final destination of this trip. I let her and Mrs. Hudson go. Instead, I sneak around the edges of the cemetery, always following that strange little pull.
Both of them are in the room, hidden on my invisible person, but neither of them know that, even if Sherlock might suspect.
“No problem. Like my brother, family’s always first for me, and I guess there’s four of us to this family now.”
It is indeed Mycroft Holmes who comes by Harry’s house two days later. Sherlock and I have been sharing my room in the attic there since we arrived, but he’s been very careful about not being seen through a window, wearing the cloak around most of the house. Mycroft is always watching, we’ve learned that for years.
It takes a long time for Sherlock to fall asleep, and when he finally does, it is fitfully and quite obviously with bad dreams. Any small bit of jealousy I might have felt earlier dissipates when I see him looking so vulnerable. I have never seen him like this before. He has tried to hide any emotion he feels for so long even from those closest to him, and I know the only reason I get to see him this way now is because he doesn’t know I’m here. Quite obviously, going undercover this way is taking a lot out of him, and I swear to myself that I will do anything to support and protect this man. When his dreams get especially bad, I run my hand through his hair softly, whispering soothing trivialities. He sighs softly in his sleep, burying his face into the scarf. I can’t let him do this alone, I will stay at his side. Together, we will somehow solve this, as we have done so many times before.
“Right. You were here for tea all afternoon – quite obviously, as neither of us left the house. The kitchen window is open for my cats whenever I’m home during the day, any neighbor can confirm that.” Harry owns two huge Maine Coone tomcats who love climbing around on the fire escape in front of the window. I know that, so it’s obviously a description of my escape route. “You think he’s still alive?”
“Janus Cars. I wish from you the same services you offered their special clients. The same quality of work you offered my former employer, Richard Brook.”
Harry takes of my jacket and opens the car’s trunk, and I add an apology to my grumpy inner monologue. She dawdles long enough putting the jacket in that I can carefully climb inside, and suddenly I realize she’s had more than thirty years of experience in dealing with the problems that might arise while using this cloak, a few of them in the middle of a ridiculously crazy civil war. She’s subtly using every small opportunity to teach me more tricks that might be useful when every mistake could not only be my last but endanger everyone around me.
Sherlock stares at me incredulously, apparently surprised enough to take at least a first small step out of his shock and lethargy.
All throughout the next day, the scarf keeps moving, through stranger and stranger parts of London. Tracking and tracking again compulsively, often just minutes after I last checked, keeps my distracted throughout packing and moving. I’m sure Harry notices the way I keep touching my wrist, but she doesn’t say a word. Mrs. Hudson has ensured me that my things can stay here for a while, until I have decided whether to live here again, and that Mycroft has asked her to keep Sherlock’s things as they are, “in case any new information about his and Moriarty’s deaths comes up and the investigation needs something of Sherlock’s. If things hadn’t already been suspicious before, this would probably have triggered me to think for a while. As it is, it only strengthens my suspicions. I ask Mycroft for help with transport, even though I could probably fit the few boxes I take into a cab, just to make sure he knows I’m moving in with Harry for a while. Our alibi needs to be airtight, and more witnesses always help. The driver without a doubt reports back to him, and suddenly, I know just how to check whether my plans will work out. I make sure the driver’s listening when I say my goodbyes.
“Your sister? I’m not leaving Alexey with an alcoholic, John! I’d rather ask Mycroft. And Britain’s too risky right now. Too far to travel, too. I need to stay here, I want in on that raid.”
I don’t even hesitate before dropping my invisibility cloak and backpack. Harry said I would recognize when things are going too far and he needs me, and now, we’re definitely long past that point. I sink down beside him, not caring about my clothes getting wet, and pull him into my arms.
“Yup… and entomology is basically insect studies. We’re the people who give a timeframe on older crime scenes by studying what bugs have appeared.”
“I have a good guess at that. Alexey told me about a storage room in the basement that the kids aren’t allowed in. If I go visit him again, you could sneak down and look. I’m sure he’d be glad to help.”
[Thank you all for being on time. I assume you’re all familiar with the contents of the preliminary report. I want to introduce our French colleague Jacques Poirot. We owe his team the information in the report. He will accompany us on the raid.]
When I finally spot Sherlock, the sight makes me grin. The way he holds his almost-too-thin body is so very familiar, even from behind, but he’s proving his talent for ridiculous camouflage once more. His curly hair, usually just as unruly as Harry’s, is sleeked back tightly, and a full black beard groomed to within an inch of its life matches it and the clothes from the height of popular fashion. I don’t speak Dutch, but compared to the stallkeeper he’s talking to, there seems to be a strong accent in Sherlock’s voice. It reminds me of Afghanistan, so probably something from Western Asia, maybe Arabic or Farsi, to match the slightly darker skin tone he’s pulling off today.
“I was there when you gave that show in Lausanne, too. And I was there tonight. What did that boy tell you, Sherlock? Was it really worth what you did?”
feigned death we encountered recently – there would have been red flags if a recently deceased man boarded a flight to South America, so there must have been some kind of fake documents. And Moriarty’s strangely thorough cover identity that had convinced the world. They had to have come from somewhere, and Sherlock’s investigations had finally found the provider these conspiracies needed.
“Any chance you can change my ridiculous name, too? I doubt someone will try to track you by the cousin you hated, but… I don’t really want that connection, anymore.”
Molly hesitates but hands the samples to him without question. Sherlock sits behind the microscope and secures the hair slide into the microscope clip, examining it closely. Molly stands to the side, her gaze transfixed on him.
“I mean it, Sherlock. I’ve always admired you. I gave you so many signs that I was interested, but I kept getting overlooked. I was pretty sure you felt the same way, but you are a such a stubborn prat.”
Sherlock hums thoughtfully, his gaze hardening at the sample. Molly notices and glances over his shoulder curiously.
Molly flushes at their close proximity. “Um, the official cause of death is a morphine overdose via injection. No other drugs were found in her system. Also, there was no evidence of a struggle or sexual assault.”
“He wants the bodies to be found because he makes no attempts to move them or cover up the crime scene,” John adds.
Lestrade makes no attempt to argue and exhales. “Blimey.” He glances at the body, scanning it. “Those look like the same markings as the first victim.”
. Ironically, that word perfectly describes their meeting. The man nods and steps aside, allowing her to enter. A single candle on the dresser creates more shadows than light in the darkened room. The man quickly looks around before shutting the door.
“So, this means we’re looking for someone who has medical expertise and access to hospital drugs, right?”
“Does anything in this line of work ever make sense?” Sherlock snaps. “You should know by now to expect the unexpected."
“That’s it? There must be something we’re overlooking!” He takes off into the laboratory. “Where are the hair and fluid samples? I must see this for myself.”
John pulls back, admiring the angry skin. “Now you’re mine. Don’t you forget it.” He resumes the punishing pace, throwing his head back in ecstasy.
“Stupid. That was just bloody stupid!” He smacks him across the face. “And brilliant. Very brilliant.”
After a moment, he shakes his head and pulls away from the microscope in defeat. “I don’t understand. I’ve thoroughly examined each victim from the inside out. What could I possibly be overlooking?”
The man crouches down and pulls up her tight blouse to expose her abdomen. There, he carves a series of markings into the soft, pale canvas. Clandestine groans, her throat gurgling. The man squeezes her hand in an almost soothing gesture as small trickles of blood escape from the fresh wounds. With the job done, he cleans up and closes the door quietly after himself.
“That’s not to say they obtained the prescription elsewhere,” Sherlock tried to reason, “such as another part of England or even another country in the UK.”
Suddenly, she falls to the dirty carpet below, where a series of convulsions wrack her body. Within seconds, her body stills, her wide eyes transfixed on her supposed customer.
Lestrade shakes his head grimly. “Not all of them, unfortunately. We’re still looking for the third victim’s family.”
John approaches the board and pulls the familiar object out. “Remember these needles, Sherlock?” He dangles it in front of his face.
“I dunno, Sherlock. Those types of people can pop up all over the place,” Lestrade says doubtfully. “Maybe it’s a fan club out to get revenge for his death.”
“Killing prostitutes and carving my name into their flesh in Morse code isn’t exactly his style. He prefers a subtler approach.”
“We must be looking for a first time offender, then.” He looks across at Sherlock. “Someone we’ve never heard of, maybe?”
That’s when Sherlock notices the syringe John dropped on the floor earlier. He bends down and carefully picks it up. John casts a look over his shoulder. Sherlock makes eye contact with him, the syringe dangling from his fingers. John’s eyes widen.
John flashes a confident smile at his flatmate before walking past him out the door. Sherlock glances at Lestrade, unamused.
Sherlock remains still, lost in thought, as John rids them of their trousers. He’s not really engaging with John, but his half-hard member signals his body isn’t completely uninterested.
Sherlock stops at the entrance and turns. John accidentally runs into him. Sheepishly, the shorter man takes a few steps back, his face turning a light shade of pink.
“Of course. The killer knows that would expose them. There’s been no signs of forced entry, so they obtained a room key somehow,” Sherlock explains. “We’re dealing with a brilliant, methodical bastard,” he adds under his breath.
Two weeks later, I got shot, and my whole life turned around once more. When Harry came to visit me after the third surgery back in England, all the rest of the life that had seemed so perfect came crushing down. After the wedding, Harry’s wife had admitted to being a witch – she had, as Harry explained, legally not been allowed to tell her seemingly unmagical spouse before the wedding. In a sudden, atypical bout of optimism, or maybe love-fueled insanity, Harry had decided to not want any secrets between them, and confessed the whole truth about who she was. Everything escalated, and only major illegal magic as well as a quick divorce only weeks after the wedding had kept the story from being sold to at least one major magical news company and spreading like a wildfire through that world. Our secret was safe, and Harry alone and disillusioned once more.
In the summer when we turned sixteen, I finally reconnected with Harry. It didn’t quite happen in any of the ways either of us expected, but then again, which part of our lives actually had? Harry saved my life from something that was out to kill him, some creature from his ridiculous magic world, and the only thing my parents could do was blame him for getting me hurt. In hindsight, that was the final piece to the puzzle, the final drop causing me to break with them. Suddenly, I realized that Harry was a far better choice than my parents when choosing which family to stick with. That summer, we talked. I finally found out the exact amount of danger my cousin was in, and that there wasn’t a single thing I could do to help him, no matter how much I wanted to.
“I love you, Harry”, are my last words, then I activate the portkey. It feels as if a big hook grabs me right in the guts and yanks me forward, and I almost keel over when my feet suddenly hit the ground. I stumble forward a few steps to catch myself, and almost get hit by a biker who can’t see me. Quickly, I move further to the side, off the street, and try to orient myself. I recognize the street. It’s one of many similar small streets off Paulus Potter Straat. The name caused many a giggle when Harry and I came here in our youth, which is probably the only reason I remember it. It worked. I’m really right in the center of Amsterdam.
“Do you think I did the right thing not to interfere in all that?”, I ask quietly when I finish, and she pauses to think about her answer for a long while.
“The great Sherlock Holmes, gracious as an antelope. Or what’s that animal with the tusks called again?”
From the first time he laid eyes on me, he seemed to know everything about me, and it scared me. There was only a tiny fact about Harry in all of his first monologue that didn’t quite match the facts, but the amount of truths he rattled off in so short a time scared and ensnared me. I needed to figure out how much he knew about our past, and how he knew. I needed to make sure Harry was safe, and was quickly dragged into Sherlock’s ridiculous lifestyle in the process.
Just around the corner from our room, I portkey back to London and find Harry already in the kitchen making tea. It is 3:15 a.m. here, one hour earlier than in Augsburg. Everything I wanted to talk to her about is suddenly forgotten as I pick her up and whirl her around happily.
“Of course, Mrs. Hudson. Whichever way you prefer. I’m just thankful you’re coming with me. I really couldn’t stand the thought of going out there alone, and I’m already asking so much of my sister moving in with her…”
Sherlock Holmes killed himself in front of me yesterday, and everything rings false about it. I saw him jump, I saw his corpse, and I heard his voice talk to me clearly in his “suicide note” of a phone call. He told me it was all a lie, every single thing we survived together, every adventure and deduction. I don’t believe it. Then man I fell in love with more and more every day for two years, though he might never have made that deduction, was not a lie. I can think of dozens of deductions, dozens of experiments he made that do not support that theory.
They drag Sherlock up the stairs, into a room with a young Slavic woman who probably would be quite pretty under different conditions. I watch from the doorway, torn between the needs to rescue Sherlock and not blow my cover. The guard who first opened the door seems to be the more dominant of the two and says something to Sherlock in Arabic. I don’t understand the language, but his leery, malicious tone makes it obvious what he wants. Sherlock’s response is probably meant to sound just as leery and expectant to boot, but I don’t quite buy it, and neither seem the two men to. One of them gestures to the woman, then to Sherlock’s midsection, and they don’t even bother to close the door as she falls to her knees and opens his trousers. Once again I am tempted to intervene, but while Sherlocks struggles a bit against the hands still clasping at his arms, he definitely doesn’t put up even a small part of the fight I know him to be capable of. Maybe he has a plan after all – is he really willing to go this far just for a case?
“Don’t worry, that wasn’t what I meant. I couldn’t go through with that, hell, even you almost couldn’t. But I can stage a ruckus at the front door long enough for you to sneak in wearing the cloak.”
“We believe she had paid human traffickers to get her and the boy to England, and they enslaved them instead.”
Some of you have probably seen I've filled in the total number of chapters, and deduced correctly: yes, I'm almost done writing this, and it did end up being a few chapters shorter than the 20-25 I estimated half-way through. Things just started to fall into place. But as these characters are refusing to let me go, I am already plotting a possible sequel, told from Mycroft's and Harry's perspective taking turns as I think those might be interesting to consider after what is still to happen here. Any thoughts on that, so far?
It’s dark in the trunk, and there is little more to do during the ride than keep tracking the scarf. It’s on the move again, seemingly towards the same destination we are closing in on. The bait I set out yesterday has lured someone, though I don’t yet know whether it is the one I was hoping for. Someone who arrives at the cemetery a few minutes before we do.
“Yes. I tried to stabilize him just by being there, but he was so deeply in shock… he kept thinking I was a hallucination, a sign that he’d finally cracked.”
"Did you think that when you took off on your own after we left Kitty Reilly’s place, I’d just go back to Baker Street and drink tea while I wait for you? It was obvious he had to be the one responsible, so I figured confronting him about it might be the only somewhat useful thing I could do. And he really seemed torn up about the whole thing, about trying to buy a confession from Moriarty by trading stories about your life. Use it to blackmail him into getting Interpol to help us or something.”
I can’t help but smile at that. Of course she tracked my movement, how could I expect anything else from her? She’s always been looking out for me, ever since we were sixteen. Even if she never returns to the field, she still has my back.
“He admitted to that? My brother actually admitted to making a mistake of that order? I suspected a connection, but… When? How?”
“I have a backpack with multiple expansion and protection spells on it, based on that handbag Hermione had back when we were hiding out in the wilds hunting horcruxes for a year. We’ll have to make a list of what you need in it, obviously. Numerous port-keys for your check-ins goes on top. I want you back here at least once a week for dinner and a full report on what’s going on on both fronts. Half an emergency room worth of medical stuff, protective gear for both of you if he ever finds out the truth…”
Sherlock nods mechanically, but doesn’t make a move to bring either muffin or tea anywhere close to his mouth. I ignore it for now and sit down on the bed next to him. He stays silent for a long while, then finally, starts speaking monotonously. I diagnose another symptom of shock out of habit, but don’t interrupt him.
“I made a promise when I took the name Watson. I promised that I’ll always protect you, and I’m extending that now that there’s four of us. Just because the paperwork doesn’t match who we were originally, doesn’t mean we’re not family.”
There, I’ve done it. Now he’s really getting angry. He ignores my questions, grabbing me by the lapels of my coat and pushing me up against a tree. He’s standing close, too close, and I have to clamp doen on my instincts screaming at me to fight back. This is Sherlock, and he has every right to be angry. I’ve gone far on this journey, maybe too far.
It’s a glaringly oversimplified summary of a field Sherlock is very interested in, but it takes me answering the girl’s “Ewww!” with a charming “Yup… Professor Hamish William Hudson, expert on corpse-eating creepy-crawlies, Bakerville Institute, at your service” to finally get a reaction. It’s not the groan I was going for, but the elbow in the ribs works just as well at showing Sherlock understood my provocation perfectly. The girl disappears quickly after that – obviously, an entomologist is very much not the type of man she wants to flirt with.
“Ah, Monsieur Poirot. So good of you to join us. This is my expert for computer work, Bernd Weißmüller. Bernd, this is Jacques Poirot, Interpol undercover agent from France.”
The female officer next to Niedermayr, who was not part of the raid but seems to be a high-ranking officer at this police station, puts a hand on Niedermayr’s arm. I suddenly regret that I never bothered to learn German police ranks and therefore cannot begin to guess how she ranks in comparison to him. She’s been quiet up till now, following the two men’s escalating fight.
She still falls into soldier mode easier than almost everyone I’ve ever known. We are a lot alike that way, though it was such vastly different experiences that got us there.
Sherlock does not bother to dress before he opens the door, only briefly glancing into the mirror to check his hair pieces are still in place. He’s buttoning his shirt while he greets the man in front of him, who even I recognize as plainclothes police at first glance.
Both Harry and I have been in Amsterdam before, back when I was still in University, and it helps us form a battle plan. I caught up with her and Mrs. Hudson at the bakery Harry’s been working at since we moved here, and I was right on time when Harry’s shapeshifting potion threatened to run out. We quickly changed clothes in the staff room, and I introduced her to Mrs. Hudson. Harry invited her to come and visit around the shop whenever she needs company. The two of them got along incredibly well, but that also meant it took us hours to get back home. We quickly decided that I will not travel with Sherlock for now. After staying up almost all of last night worrying, I need a good night’s sleep, and we know where he is going this time. I will travel to the center of Amsterdam by magical means tomorrow around noon, and track and stalk Sherlock from there.
He doesn’t answer, and I continue down the side street at a more leisurely pace. We reach a large street that seems to be mostly occupied by bars, each of them well-filled up with people as only few dare to sit outside in this cold weather. Not exactly Sherlock’s level of challenge, yet. Also, I need food, and Sherlock does, too.
“The sect was at war with a splinter group who wanted to kill or enslave every non-believer. I was forced to kill for the first time when I was eleven, killed the enemy leader when I was seventeen. After that, I couldn’t take it anymore. I grabbed John and ran.”
He can’t possibly be thinking about going through with this, he just can’t! Was I wrong about him, were people like Sergeant Donovan right? Does he truly have so little empathy that he will use children as a means to solve a case? I want to curse at him, want to shoot the guards and get these children out – but no. No. There has to be a reason, he’s not just doing this because he’d do anything for information. What if there are children at one of the other locations? What if us rescuing these would endanger all of them once the network finds out about it? What if Sherlock finds out something here, from this boy, that will help save them all? Can I really risk that, just for this one child’s sake?
I pull him into my arms tightly, and he snuggles up to me. Sherlock Holmes, snuggling. Just a week ago, I’d have never believed it, but now it feels just right.
Alexey smiles uncertainly and nods. Sherlock keeps running on his monologue, and I catch Harry’s name multiple times. A ruckus starts downstairs, and I can hear someone running in the hallway up here. Only barely do I manage to shrug the cloak back on and step out of the way before the guard from a few minutes barges in, brandishing a gun.
“So this is it, then. This is how I finally crack. Hallucinating my only friend when the real him thinks I’m dead, inventing ridiculous, un-scientific gadgets to explain his presence. Giggling when I really should be crying about what I had to do today.”
I point at the dossier spread out over the table, which is still a mess. Then, I bow down to kiss Sherlock longingly.
Undercover madness! Meet John's new cover identity, and see what our two favorite idiots get up to...
“What is that, and why are you carrying it with you instead of shooting it? Expecting an ugly sweater contest on this trip? You’d probably win, too.”
Again I settle into a corner and wait for Sherlock to do something interesting. It takes hours, but finally he rises and slips back into his Djamil al Marad persona. The beard is back, too, and he wears the scarf when he leaves the room. That affords me enough time to both allow myself a bathroom break and grab some fruit from my backpack before I follow.
“I do love you, you idiot. That is why I came after you, as you’ve probably deduced already. But it is absolutely not okay to define something as a date when the other person involved hasn’t even the slightest idea you’re interested. Dates are what you do after that confession. Neither is it okay to kiss someone for the first time while invisible, again especially when they have no clue about your interest. At least let me look at you so I can enjoy this, alright?”
“I never go armed”, Sherlock responds with a haughtiness that’s more Jegor Sokolov than Jacques Poirot. “My job is getting intel and evidence, not shooting people.”
Down dozens of side streets, over bridges and down more quaint little side streets along concreted brooks. I have rarely seen so much water in one city, and I might actually enjoy it under different circumstances. Not now. Now, I run, not daring to glance left or right for fear of letting Sherlock Holmes out of my sight. I fear what he might do.
