Sam said no, but she took control of the car and the Impala drove on it's own.
"You wouldn't believe it." Castiel grinned and kissed him.
"He- Cas..."
"... I need a drink." Dean said.
Dean and Cas grabbed hands.
He ran and ran, until he saw the man who ran after him getting attacked by werewolves. The man held his ground. He punched them, but hesitated to shoot them.
"Well, that is exactly the kind of crack police work I'd expect out of you guys." Dean said and Sam stepped onto his foot. While Bucky glared at Dean.
"Of course not. Dean is the last person to deserve that, but if you make a deal with a demon, then it'll just be an endless cycle of you two idiots sacrificing yourselves for each other." Tony said.
"Yes sir." Dean grinned and got to work.
Behind Tony was a case that transformed into a robot-suit. It looked similar to Iron Mans suit, but less cool.
He held the door open and Eileen walked in and when she saw Dean, she stopped in her tracks, eyes wide.
"It will be, Tony. We will bring them back. No matter the cost."
"I don't believe you." Sam simply said.
John raised an eyebrow. "Huh."
"So those really are real?!" Clint asked. Bucky just nodded and Steve walked up to him.
As they walked back towards the Impala, Dean hit Sam on the head.
Dean leaned against the wall in the far back, while John and Mary got something to drink for everyone.
"Yeah... Yeah. It's just... weird."
"Thanks." Dean said, as he walked over. He looked into the bag and thankfully the Dean from this universe had the same style as him.
"By the way, I made a new program and I just installed it in JARVIS. Maybe... maybe it'll help with the search."
"That and we finally changed the Mustangs tires. Wanted to do that for a while." John said. "Has everyone been informed about tomorrow?"
"Well I won’t turn into a giant green monster, just to avoid getting dragged to hell. No offense Bruce."
"That's why she could never go home. She was too scared to face them." Sam explained.
"We, John and I, well... this is our house. By the way, we are in Lawrence, Kansas. John was a marine. He fixes cars now and I work at the town's hospital." Mary explained and Dean nodded. It was weird for him to see all these faces, knowing who they are and still feeling completely disconnected with them.
"It can not be. You are messing with us." Benny said.
"Here.“ Cas said and handed Dean the glove with the infinity stones. "I will be back soon.“ And then he was gone. Dean stood there and looked at the glove. Just six little stones, but so powerful.
"Oh, I knew you'd show up... Because I knew Sam wouldn't listen." Dean said and looked at his brother. "But you are not gonna teach him anything. You understand me? Over my dead body."
"Eh… it can wait. You just do your stuff first."
"It's just a car." Bucky said and Tony gasped dramatically.
______________________________
______________________________
John cleared his throat. "Like I was saying, you are more then welcome here and I think for now it's best if you stay with us. I don't mean to be rude, but of what you told us, you most likely have PTSD or something similar and no one should go through that on his own." John said and the mood shifted again.
"Everything alright?" Tony and Bucky turned around and saw another boy, who was even younger, holding a gun.
"Yes?" Bucky asked as he picked up Tony's phone. Tony was currently working on a new metal arm for Bucky and Bucky tried to help wherever he could.
Steve was on a phone, talking to SHIELD and he joined the others when he finished. "SHIELD will send a team over to go through the files and destroy everything else. Hopefully we can get some information about other bases."
"But-"
"Same." Benny said and then he looked at Dean. "If you ever need help or something, just call me. Dean was like a brother and a hero to me, so... it would be my honor to help you out."
"No, I have read enough for now. Come on, before Thor is too tired to take you on. Sam smiled and Dean grinned.
"I will go with them, I have to get the impala." Sam said. Now that he knew his brother was save, he should get car out of there, but Steve guided him onto the couch.
"You are dead." Benny whispered.
"You never had it easy Dean. It is impressive what you do for him and I understand that you don’t trust us, but… try to live here with us for a few days and maybe it works out just fine for you. Tony wasn’t lying. We have enough space, you could go to school and you would never be hungry again."
The robot-suit went into the fire circle and started to cover Lucifer's current vessel.
"But what about... God. Would he really...?" Bruce looked confused.
"We still don't know if it's really him." Sam said.
"No. I just want to see him again."
"Like I said, I knew you'd come." Dean said and walked away.
Sam and Cas looked confused, but returned the hug more or less.
Dean looked down, closing his eyes. "I only make things worse." He whispered.
"Of course, sir.“ FRIDAY answered from Tony‘s watch and Tony smirked.
"But... how?"
"I- No, I- it's not like that. Cas is... Cas. A friend."
"God damn it, Crowley..." Sam was pissed at him, but they had more important stuff to handle right now.
"It is not. It is just unknown to you." Rob said and smiled.
"Yeah, where Lilith is on shire leave." Dean said.
"You're welcome." Sam heard Bucky say in the background. Sam told them about what he found out and wondered why John hadn't destroyed the corpse yet, but Dean interrupted him.
"How long has he been gone?" Bucky asked and before Dean could lie to them, Sam answered truthfully.
Castiel walked over to him. "I have to go to heaven. See what is going on there.“ He took off the glove and his wings disappeared. Dean looked disappointed.
Dean looked at him confused.
"They are little devils."
"It- we... we lost, Dean. I am so sorry."
"Get inside!"
"You two are basically the sons of superheroes. You shouldn't commit so many crimes."
"You and I both know that that‘s not an option for me. Hey, when did Happy say he‘ll pick us up again?"
Sam tried to stab her, but she pushed him against the wall and he let go of the knife. Bucky tried to attack her, but she used her demon ability to kepp him against the wall as well. Then she used her powers to push Dean on the table.
"Of course. If something goes wrong, then Cas can zap us out of there.“ Dean said and smiled at his, now officially, boyfriend.
"What if he realizes that we are still alive?" Castiel suddenly asked.
"Especially because of that. Don't get me wrong, we didn't like the fact that a 15 year old went out to hunt monsters, but you did it to help your dad, to protect Sam and others... Most kid's would hide, but you always fight. Yes, you are reckless and can be an idiot sometimes, but you have your heart in the right place." Bucky said.
"Who is this Lilith?" Bruce asked.
"Dean? You okay buddy?" Tony asked carefully and Dean nodded.
"Bingo. Hydra pays really well. And on top of that, I can... play with lab rats."
"A- A demon?" Sam asked.
"Alright."
"They can not be that bad... right?" Tony asked, now clearly concerned.
"We should fight, not watching this entertainment show!" Thor said and got up.
He sighed... time to find help.
"Nah, Thor knows his own strength… most of the time."
"If we talk to Tony, then maybe he can figure something out." Dean said exitedly.
"Hell yeah! He is still a badass."
The others looked at each other.
"Scooby-Doo?"
"Bobby and Ellen know, so we should also tell Jo." Sam said.
"Great."
The next morning was a saturday and Dean and Sam came down to an almost empty kitchen. Only Tony, Bucky, Bruce and a red haired woman were there.
"The general public did not know about the supernatural. It's more of a small family business. If the parents knew, then often their children would become hunters as well. The life of a hunter was never easy. No payment, no recognition. We did it to save others and so that they didn't have to fight. Our mother's family were hunters and our father only found out when mom was killed by the demon and became a hunter after that. The Bobby and Ellen from my world were also hunters."
______________________________
"Why did you leave?" Natasha asked.
"Anyway, who wants pizza?“ Tony asked.
"Dean! Don't say 'badass' in front of Jack." Castiel scolded.
"They are taking it better then we thought..." John muttered and grinned at Mary.
It was quiet again, until John grabbed a few beers. He gave one to Bobby, one to Ellen, one to Dean and kept one to himself. The others didn't want one.
"No, you all died. I was the last one standing. It was only Chuck and me. He said there would be no heaven and no hell, so where the fuck am I?!" Dean grew more and more impatient.
Jack was now crying and burried his face in Miracle's fur.
"When you found this place, I knew that I could not defeat you in a fight. But I also knew that you would focus on this world and totally ignore me... again. Because of that, I was able to travel through time and space. I looked for a scenario, where Jack was powerful enough to take away your power."
"And don't die."
"We will see. Come on."
"Is that a sandwich on your table?!" Dean walked towards the kitchen area.
"I will go with you."
Tony landed next to T‘challa.
"Wha-? I'm not that bad of an influence." Dean tried to defend himself.
"We will just tell them what Rob had said."
"I don't want to cause any more trouble. Someone brought me back and it clearly wasn't you guys. I have to find out what's going on. Also I doubt that you want to replace your windows every day." He said to Tony.
"So much for the element of surprise." Dean said.
The two brothers looked confused, but shrugged it off. Dean told Sam to pack his things and then he himself grabbed a bag and put all the guns and salt in it."
"I‘ll just...look around."
Dean was clearly nervous, but he raised his hand slightly. "Hi."
Dean waited and waited and waited. He looked at his stark phone and he had 10 new messages and 4 missed calls. He sighed and wrote Sam a quick message, telling him that he works a bit longer. He didn't want to explain it over the phone, but if he said nothing, then Tony would probably start a search party for him.
"Dean... he... he is so strong. For 30 years he didn't do it. But then he couldn't... not- not any longer."
"...Jack...?" Dean couldn't believe it.
Natasha pointed her gun at the man, making him freeze.
"Oh com on, Dean. You like him. Admit it" Bucky said and looked at Castiel, who was still listening to Thor with great interest.
"Yes. It's a good thing to help others."
"Good morning." Sam said happily.
"So, what do you want to see?"
"Great. See ya." And with that Dean left the school and walked around the city.
"I'm not made for school."
"Yeah, that's total bullshit!"
"We will handle this Cap." Tony said and he and Bucky went down to the cars. They got into Tony's Audi and drove off.
"Thor, is there anything you know that could have done it?" Steve asked him, but Thor shook his head.
"By Monday. Right. The interview. Yeah. I forgot." Dean said. "You're really serious about this, aren't you? You think you're just gonna become some lawyer? Marry a girl?"
______________________________
"Your-... mhmm. He doesn't know you work here, I assume."
He ran to the Impala and drove back to the bunker where they stayed most of the time now when they weren't visiting the Avengers.
"Castiel at least wanted her to stay exactly the same as you- he left her." John explained. "Though he let her go to waste..." He muttered and opened the hood.
"I'll get you out." Sam took out his knife and cut through the leather straps around Bucky's wrists and ankles.
"Is this an octopus?"
"Thank you. I- I'm sorry, had I known-"
"Okay, go downstairy into the basement. Put a line of salt at the door. Do you understand?"
"You're alright, boy." John said and held onto his shoulder.
Dean opened his eyes. He stood outside, in front of the bunker. He looked to his side and saw Jack, or God standing there.
"I hope you liked it.“ Bruce said.
"No Dean, it's dad's job and he is failing miserably." Sam mumbled.
Dean gave Steve the four rings, to keep an eye on them. He figured it would be too dangerous, because he would always deal with demons and angels. It would be safer if the Avengers hid them somewhere where no one would look for them.
"You cannot buy weapons when you are under 18. His dad probably gave it to him. Now back to what you said before…vampires?"
They felt Dean nodding. "Yeah. Yeah, everything is alright now." He told them and pulled away from them.
Dean stared at him. "Get out of my way."
"Stop Sammy. Never apologize for something like that. I am your older brother and it's my job to keep you safe."
"No, you don‘t.“
"God is... not present right now. I don't know where he is, but he hasn't left completely." Castiel said.
"Ok, I have to find this kid and learn who his parents are and why they have awesome weapons."
"Yup."
"I- Do yo-... We want to go out for some ice cream. Do you want to join us?"
After a minute, Jack came out of the school door and looked around. When he saw the Impala, he smiled and ran towards it.
"Yes sir."
"Think you can explain it? You know more about the uh... supernatural stuff." Castiel said.
"Sam?" Tony asked, as he opened the visor of his helmet.
"Still, I-"
"Yeah, I should not be here, what did you do? Are you alright?" Castiel looked worried.
Everyone stared at him, still not completely sure what to make of the situation.
"Yes, we just had some trouble earlier and now there is some blood on the Impala and Dean is trying to make her look good again." They could basically hear Sam rolling his eyes, but Tony nodded.
"Huh. Alright." Dean shrugged.
"Alright then."
Dean snapped and pushed Sam against the railing of the bridge.
"The boys now have clothes for every season, though Dean almost only wanted flannel shirts."
"Calm down boys." Natasha said, but smiled.
"I have to..."
"It’s alright. You did your best and I am sure your brother knows that."
"Sounds rough." John said.
"Love you too."
"I am the 'Part of God' that Dean mentioned. You can call me Rob. I saved this universe, right before it would have been destroyed. And I saved Dean and put him here, because this is the only place available now."
"Bitch."
"Oh no! Sam will ruin it. He can not bring a lady there!" Tony got up and went straight to Sam.
"NO! He is injured! Also, Dean is 15. You could probably kill him with one punch, so no fighting."
Dean raised an eyebrow and looked at Bucky.
"And what about him?" Bobby asked and pointed at Bucky.
"Quick!"
"We want to understand more of this and we want to help you, Dean. You may not be our Dean, but you are still part of this family." Sam said.
"Hell yeah." Dean said and smiled.
Dean sighed and stopped looking Bucky in the eyes. "It wasn't four month you know." He finally said.
"Yes. They seem fine-"
Knock knock
"I don't know if it's good, when you pull up in front of his school."
"Still." Sam glared harder.
Dean's instinct took over and he ran as fast as he could towards the screams. Castiel grabbed Jack's hand and ran after him, as fast as Jack could and Miracle followed them.
"What about him?" Dean suddenly asked and pointed at Castiel who in return looked confused.
"Yeah."
"I don‘t know."
"Haha, Dean Winchester, being afraid of flying, who would have guessed." Tony laughed.
"Do you... do you prefer men or women?"
"Just like that...?"
"Just call me Pepper. I hope you two have a great time here." The boys nodded and Dean turned back to Tony.
"NO! Just stay back!" Dean yelled and went to the table to grab two more guns.
"Yes. If your bible is the same as ours was then basically everything that is written in there happened in my world in some crazy way."
"Just shut up." Crowley said. "You are just like our Dean was. Always having self worth issues." Crowley rolled his eyes and Dean looked confused.
"But-"
"Cas was there to heal me." Dean defended himself.
"We can and we will."
"This should be enough for now."
"Ruby went into one room and Sam and Bucky into another. They saw the bed and the mother and Lilith in it. Sam raised the knife and slowly walked up to the bed. The mother was awake and looked terrified. "Do it." She said.
"I feared that their father would drag them down a dark road. Should have arrested him." Tony said angrily but Natasha shook her head.
"Shut up." Dean said and God looked up at him.
"Dean!" Castiel took a step foreward, but Sam stopped him. "We would only be in his way."
Dean smiled and nodded. "Thanks Sammy."
"He is in him." Tony pointed at Vision who just nodded.
Dean and Bucky ran inside.
"Why did you step on my foot?"
"It was memory." Dean clarified and looked down. Then he realized that it must still be the middle of the night. "Oh god, I'm so sorry! I woke you up and-"
"I saw your reaction at dinner. Maybe you can fool the others, but not me. And neither Sam. He just wants to give you more space."
Sam nodded. "Yes, Cas and Dean adopted him when he was three years old. He lost his parents in a car accident and at that point, Dean and Cas had thought about an adoption for a while. "
"Yeah, I'm sure... mostly."
"What changed your mind?" Dean asked curiously.
"Great! Since it’s Friday, I can call a school close by and ask if guys could come next week for a few hours and see how it goes." Tony said.
"How were they broken?" Natasha asked.
"So, how's life on the road?" Tony asked Sam.
"We just have to make them realize that it is a family secret. I'm sure they will understand." Sam said.
"The mayor visited our school recently and held a speech." Eva said.
"Nope. I refuse to believe that someone who has better guns then me lives in a small cabin like this."
"You really want to just leave again?" Tony asked Dean.
"We know who you are." Dean said, but Tony shook his head.
"Actually the other way around." Rob said and nodded at Jack.
"Sammy?" Dean turned around, but all he saw was some dust floating in the air.
"You think?!"
Dean took the keys from Sam, as they stood over the open trunk staring at their belongings. Dean started handing Jack all of their blankets and pillows, Cas most of their food, and then Sam took everything they needed to make the house safe from monsters and ghosts. Dean took what was left, including the weapons. Once they had everything piled up in their arms, they silently made their way up the steps on the porch. After Dean picked the lock, they dropped all of their things in the living room and took a quick survey of their new space. The living room wasn't too small, but the large couch took up a lot of room. There were side tables, a broken television, shattered pictures barely hanging off the walls, and a few other small things scattered around the room. They'd have to do some cleaning if they wanted to stay here, but first they had to make sure the house was empty.
Even in the dark room, Dean could see the way Cas’ face twisted into a sad, pained look. The same one he had when he told Dean he loved him. “When are you going to start caring about your own safety? You have so much love in your heart, Dean, for everyone but yourself.”
“Ready to head out?” John asked, gesturing for Dean to follow him.
"I'm driving," Sam said suddenly, holding his hand out for the keys.
“I-I was busy telling Cas-” he started, pausing to wince at the pain. Maybe it was a good thing he stopped because he really shouldn’t go around telling people about him and Cas when they hadn’t even had a conversation about it yet. Cas probably didn’t want people to know about them anyways.
As they entered the store, Sam split off in one direction, and Dean went the opposite way. It was a relatively small building, so Dean could hear Sam's footsteps across the store. For a few minutes, they searched in silence. Dean ran his fingers over various food products, nothing really necessary since the trunk was basically stocked full. He saw a couple of stuffed animals which he considered grabbing for Jack, but then he thought that would be way too weird. He continued eyeing the shelves, shaking his head as he found literally nothing, until he and Sam met up in the back of the store, empty handed.
"No, I wasn't!"
"We found information about some experimentation with Hydra and came to investigate. Then we heard a woman screaming and found this house." Tony explained.
"By the way, has Coulson brought your car over yet?" Steve asked.
"I'm happy that you like it." Mary said and smiled at him.
"It's complicated...." Sam said and sat dwon as well.
"Hello Dean. It's been a while." Jack said and now Castiel took a step foreward.
Dean turned around to look at him.
Steve laid a hand on Sam's shoulder. "Come on. We should eat and then we can go through this again and prepare in case a battle is unavoidable."
The people who witnessed the fight between the Avengers and Dr. Doom, slowly started to do their normal stuff again. For the people in New York it was nothing new that an evil villain attacked. But they always knew that the Avengers would take care of it.
Castiel looked at him, but didn't dare to talk to him.
"I think it is best, if you all sit down and explain to Dean about this world. Help him through it. And on the other hand, you, Dean tell them about your previous world, so that they understand you. I know this is a lot and maybe I should have left you to die with your world, but see this as a chance and if you still don't know what to do after some time, ask for me and I will redeem you." Then Rob was gone and everything was quiet for a while.
"Sure, I'll try." Dean smiled at them and sighed. "Look guys... I- you-... Thank you. Thanks for everything. You didn't have to... but you still- and..."
No matter the channel, they all showed the same. Chaos.
"They are comfy." Dean shrugged.
"...Yes."
"How the hell did you get out?" Dean asked.
"Dean, I am not God."
"Of course. Ever since we met you and learned about the monsters, I make sure that we have loooots of it." Tony answered and opened a cupboard to reveal multiple packages of salt and a few silver knives.
"Just promise me that you will look out for Sammy. He will try to bring me back, but it’s too dangerous."
"Dean, wait." Castiel said and Dean turned around, looking surprised.
"I will not leave you here."
"I know it's all crazy, but... You deserve to know the truth, even though it's hard to believe."
"Yeah. We will watch each other. Don't worry." Sam assured them.
"Yeah, becaus he has soooo much experience when it comes to women. He was about to drag her to a one star hotel, with two single beds! That's not how it works."
"Then who else should we tell?" Mary asked.
Sam grabbed the knife. "I don't think so." Sam was about to stab her, but then Lilith left the body and the black smoked vanished in the air.
"So what now? Did you bring him here so that I should kill him?" God asked Rob and gestured at Jack.
"Ah the one who broke my windows." Tony said, but he didn't sound mad.
"They each have a ring. These rings have the powers that make them into the horsemen. If one uses all four rings, then Lucifer could be locked away again."
"I created you. All of you. You can not do anything against me." God pushed them all back and to them it felt like their bones were being crushed..
"It‘s... unbelievable... It can not...“ He grabbed Sam‘s arm and teleportet them away.
"What the-?" Charlie and the others were shocked.
"We should get rid of the bodies."
"HOW?!" God screamed at him.
"Uncle Dean! Uncle Dean! Can we come with you?!"
Everyone looked at Tony.
"Dean is gay?" Steve asked confused and Tony smiled at him.
______________________________
"I can help."
"He wouldn't wake up... B-But then he did and- and dad suddenly died... We think he made a deal with the demon. His life for Dean's. " Sam said.
"Steve, Nat and Wanda are here two but they went in the other direction to have a look." Bucky said.
"It is, but it's more important that we help each other."
"How so?" John asked.
"Also, you are treating the Impala horribly. The poor baby... I really have to save her." Tony joked and Sam laughed.
"Dean..."
During their first brake, the two brothers met outside.
"I have to find a way to-"
"Ooohhh this will be great." Clint said and he, Natasha, Steve, Bruce and Sam all stood at the side to watch.
"No, I'm not like you. This is not going to be my life."
"Yes?"
"I won't say 'yes'."
They watched in silence, while the Avengers cleaned everything up. Afterwards they all went to the boys and sat down opposite of them.
"I asked JARVIS, but a female JARVIS answered. I told her who I was and asked to not tell you guys. She did a scan and let me in." Dean shrugged.
He kept walking for half an hour and then he stepped out of the forest and saw the bright neon light from the sign of the gas station and made his way towards it.
"Dean?" Tony looked up when Bucky said Dean's name and went over to Bucky.
"Wow. You deserve it.“ Dean said and smiled.
"H-Hey Tony..."
"You, have some explaining to do." Mary walked into the living room and glared at her old friend.
"Quantum physics, you know. All the small atoms stuff..."
Dean turned to Sam. "What do you mean?"
Dean nodded. "The Mary from my world was a hunter, but left that life behind when I was born. Four years later, when Sammy was born, a- a demon got into our house."
Right then Tony and Bucky came walking in. "Hey, have you guys- what’s going on here?" Tony asked.
"We won't just let you leave, not after all this." John said.
"It looks like you worked with oil during your brake." Bucky laughed slightly, but Dean stayed quiet. "Seriously?"
When the food was ready, everyone gathered in the kitchen.
"Hush, sweetie. It's alright. It was just a nightmare." Mary said in a calm voice.
"I just want a normal childhood."
Charlie put a hand over her mouth, Benny's mouth went wide open and Kevin's eyes got larger and larger. Crowley visibly showed his confusion and Jo blinked several times as if she couldn't trust her own eyes. Jody got up immediatly and her hand went to the gun, that she was carrying on her hip.
"He... There was a lot going on, but God wasn't happy with the stories he 'wrote'. For him these universes are like books to authors. If he is not happy, then he leaves and writes a new story, creates a new world. We... In my world, we pissed him off and everything was spiraling out of control. He wanted to destroy everything and... and he did. Everyone I knew, they are all dead now. Only a small part of God, that didn't want to destroy everything, managed to save this world, this universe and send me here. Everything else is gone." Dean explained and sounded tired.
"Can you move?"
"...Really? Is this a way to meet new people?" Lucifer asked and looked around. "You know, this won't hold me back for long."
"Hey... Jack, right?"
"FRIDAY, activate code: 'Highway to Hell'."
"We will.“ Steve agreed.
"Well, this is not how I expected to see you again, Dean, but we are all happy that you are alright." Tony said.
"It's alright Sam. Really. I just never thought that you grew up with the Avengers."
"So, first of all, we should introduce ourselves." Tony started.
"So you had Miracle in your world too?" Sam asked.
The Avengers started to clean everything and the boys sat down on the couch, not knowing what to do.
Crash
Sam kicked open one door after another, but there were only more labs and computers.
"You alright?"
"What happened?"
"And I wish you'd shut your pie hole, but we don't always get what we want." Dean said.
Dean looked at Bucky and he nodded. "Alright, then both of you can come." Sam was about to say something, but Dean interrupted him. "Come on Sammy. It's in you and you know it."
"Fantastic."
"They are real?!" Clint starting to panic.
Sam glared at him. "You are smart Dean. You could become a businessman if you would just try."
Sam was able to hold on to the side, but Bucky and Dean had to jump down into the water. The Impala stopped and Sam climbed back up. He looked down.
"You speak to the husband. I'll get Dean out of there... somehow."
"You guys can not stop Hydra. There are too many." The man said as Natasha cuffed him.
Later Castiel appeard next to Dean, giving him half a heart attack. He told them that some angels are still worried and unsure of what to do, but most of them are just glad that Lucifer is gone again. Michael was apperently pissed, but he also didn't want to risk anything. Cas believed that Michael was more angry with God than with them and so he would not be a problem for now.
"Sam and I got from one mission to another and we helped a lot of people, but after some time it got more complicated... We had to deal with a lot of demons who were way too powerful for us and- and angels." Dean turned to Castiel.
"What about my wife?!" Suddenly a man screamed at the medics as he held his baby daughter and hugged his son.
"As long as they don't fly." Dean said.
"Who is Chuck?"
"If you want to, yes."
"Awesome."
"Alright. Well I ain't a babysitter, so I leave ya alone. Here are the keys. If something is wrong, I'll be inside, working on some parts." Travis handed him the keys of the Impala.
"Dean probably went ahead and Bucky had to follow him." Sam explained. He looked around and looked at the dead bodies. He stopped at one of them and looked closer.
"Oh, well you're right about that."
"Shoot."
"I'm super." Dean said.
"No, they would have been at a loss as well. Just like everyone else." Tony said sadly.
"The Avengers have a lot of fans who try to get pictures and autographs. And because Tony is not really discreet, he... let's say he likes the attention."
______________________________
"You have no one left, Dean. All your friends, Castiel, Jack and now your dear brother Sam. This is how it is. No humans, no angels, no demons. No heaven and no hell. Just an empty planet and you and me."
"So... are you now human?“ Bruce asked interested.
"Great." Dean nodded.
"Now you said it." Dean grinned and Jack chuckled.
Sam nodded.
"You're one of us."
"Hey, isn‘t that the body of the ghost we saw earlier?"
"Dean?"
Sam sat in the Avengers tower on the top floor and looked outside. The Avengers were on a mission and so he was all alone. He sighed and looked at the silver knife in his hand. Dean gave it to him and he always kept it with him. Even at school. He knows it was stupid, but it reminded him of his brother... It has been three years and he still hadn't heard anything from him. Tony tried to find him, but Dean and their dad probably used different names again... or they were dead.
"They are my creations. I can do what I want."
Suddenly, they heard a woman's scream.
"Any connection between the victims, besides that they're all men?" Dean asked, as he looked around.
"Oh! How about Ghostbusters." Clint suggested.
Tony suddenly stepped out of his Iron Man suit.
"Yeah. Help me."Bucky helped Sam out of the car and suddenly the woman stood opposite of the three men. She walked to the side and a dresser crashed into them, pining them to the car.
"You guys alright?" Tony asked concerned.
The brothers talked to Bobby. According to someone called Bella, someone named Lilith could be the one who holds the contact. Bobby laid out a map on a large table in the Avengers tower and put a device on it. He spoke the Latin words and  they figured out that Lilith was in New Harmony, Indiana.
Dean smiled and walked towards the door. "Just call if you need something." He walked out and closed the door.
"Anyway, we will help wherever we can. Maybe we can get some information." Bucky told Dean.
"Stay here." He whispered and then Dean walked over.
"Oh… you alright?" Sam asked worriedly and started to make himself a sandwich.
"Really, you even involed the kids?" Jody asked.
Dean sighed and sat down on a chair next to Steve, keeping an eye on his brother, as he and Bruce discussed some books.
"Told ya." Dean smiled.
"You wanna talk about it?"
"Oh eh not really. They say it was a dog attack."
"Nat and Clint are on a small mission and Steve and Thor take care of some bank robbers in Washington."
"Great, come on. Follow me."
"Not yet. Most people around here knew you. Like we said, our Dean saved a lot of people and even got some medals from the major for it."  John said with pride.
Castiel grabbed the salt and they scattered it around the doors and windows, while Mary distracted the children.
"Ha yeah right. And I am the lord of the rings." Tony joked.
"Jack is alright, as most of me is him. And don't feel sorry. I am happy and you will be too. Actually, I have to thank you. Without you, everything would have been lost. You saved everyone."
"What exactly do you mean?" Dean asked carefully.
"Alright, so you have me. Let my brother go."
"Bobby and Ellen found him unconscious on the side of the road. They were close by and so they brought him here." Mary said.
They brought the mother and child down to the basement where the father was waiting.
Bucky raised his arm with his gun. "Get your brother. I'll shoot if an enemy comes and Tony will handle those guys. We will be fine."
Sam didn't know what to say. Dean seemed like a sane person, but after everything he just heard, how could he still pretend to be alright? He should be visibly broken, but instead, he looked like a strong man who just didn't get enough sleep. Could someone really get used to that kind of life...?
"Oh come on!“ Dean was pissed now. "That can‘t be right... right?“
"H-He..." Sam couldn't get any words out.
Dean just nodded slightly and then he reached under the bed and pulled out a bag. "Here. There is a gun, a silver knife, salt and some holy water."
Chuck sighed. "I am a part of God. He... he chose a path I did not want and so I disconnected myself from him."
"Yeah, why are you scared?" Zoe and Eva asked.
"I think."
"This is not good."
"In my world you were an angel." Dean explained.
"We don't- I'm not sure if it would work." Bucky looked over to Tony who was completely frustrated know, because Steve didn't understand something that he and Bruce tried to explain to him.
Sam already pressed a towel against Deans arm and Dean hissed slightly.
______________________________
Bruce turned to Castiel. "Would it be bad if we did not... you know, believe in him...?"
"Who are you?“
______________________________
Sam nodded. "Yeah, you are right. My brother may be a jerk, but he is too cool to die. Thanks guys." Sam immediately felt better.
The Avengers looked at Sam.
"Why...?"
"It-... ut he-... ome on. Let-..."
The Avengers tried to smile and a few muttered a 'hello' to him as well.
"If you wanted, you could wipe her off the map without moving a muscle."
"Yes, sir... What are you doing here?" Dean asked his father.
"We?! What are you doing here? And don't scare me like this ever again!" Dean asked.
Castiel looked up at him. "You are not someone who can decide about the fate of the universe.“ Castiel said put the glove on.
"Yeah, most of the time we drove from one town to another. Sam and I had fake credit cards, fake IDs and fake FBI badges. We mainly ate fast food, though after some years of hunting, we found an old bunker. It was demon proof and became our home. Cas, Jack, Kevin, Charlie, Eileen and a few others stayed there with us for some time. There we managed to eat a bit more... healthy... I guess." Dean said and put some pancakes onto his plate.
"And what do you want?" Sam asked.
"You should have just let me die." Dean said and grabbed a beer.
The Avengers looked just as shocked as Sam and no one really seemed to know what to say.
"W-What the...?" He muttered and Sam stood up and took a step towards him.
"I don't know. He was with the Avengers for a while, then he ran off on his own, as far as I know." Bobby said.
"From what? The monsters?"
"Yes. Yesterday Bobby drove us home, so it was a good opportunity to bring the Impala here."
"But Sam is 11. You said you haven't seen your father for 3 years."
The whole drive to the tower was in complete silence and Dean became more and more nervous. They were literally in the car of a stranger. Exactly doing, what no one should do. But he was tired. Tired of running away, tired of fighting against monsters, tired of looking after Sammy… He was only 15 for fucks sake. He was allowed to make mistakes. If this turns out to be one, he has his gun ready to defend himself and save Sam.
"Alright. Just don't hurt him." Sam slowly lowered his gun.
"We did it together. He really was an asshole."
"Hydra? Seriously?" Sam asked concerned.
"Hi, is Dean with you?" Bruce asked.
"Why?"
"Good, I can put salt in them. Then you can just shoot them." Dean explained.
"Should we go and check it out?" Bucky asked and Dean looked at him surprised.
"We're coming. Wait for us."
Sam was about to say something, when suddenly Dean bend slightly over and held onto his head.
"When I went to bed, I- I wanted to read through my notes that I prepared for the interview, but I grabbed dad's journal instead. I thought about it and you were right. There are hundreds of other talented kids like me who can become great lawyers. But there are only two Winchester brothers who can stop these things and save lives."
"This is about me and Sam. Okay, this isn't your fight." Dean said.
Cas went over to him. "I don't have feathers on my-"
"You are right."
"I worked with them before. They know what they are doing." Bucky said and the officer nodded.
The three of them walked back to the main area and they prepared guns and knives, as they prepared to leave.
"We should thank you, man." John said.
Jack snapped his fingers and suddenly a familiar looking man appeared. "D-De-" Castiel couldn't say the name and just ran foreward and embraced the man who appeard. It was Dean. HIS Dean. He just stood there confused. "C-Cas? Wh- What..?"
"What if we have something that could keep him there?" Tony said and everyone looked at him.
Was Rob lying? Do demons exist in this world? If not, what was it?
"No! Mom!"
"That shit ain't real." John muttured and Mary put a hand on his shoulder.
"I think they are telling the truth, Tony." Bucky said.
"Just leave. Good luck guys." Dean said without looking at them and then they left.
"Yeah, yeah Thor-junior. I got this.“
"Bucky?" Dean still looked shocked.
"Fine. How was the mission?" Sam smiled and they walked up to Sam and each of them sat down on one side of him.
"Can she get past the sprinklers?" Bucky asked.
"FRIDAY already scanned him. Whoever it is, did a good job at impersonating Dean." Tony explained.
"...By the way, I'm sorry about John. I- You know we never were fans of him, because of the way he treated you both, but he was your father, so...yeah. We're all sorry."
"...-say what now?"
"What do you need, Cas?"
"I'm fine." Dean groaned. "No hospitals."
"Heaven. A different kind, but you have nothing to fear." Jack said. "Still, try not to die anytime soon."
Bucky looked after him and then turned to Sam. "Everything alright?"
Dean shook his head. "No, i-it wasn't- it wasn't a nightmare."
"Wow Sammy. She looks good. I'm surprised." Dean beamed as he looked his baby up and down.
"See ya tomorrow, kid." Bobby said and he and Ellen walked outside.
"I know, Sam. Just always keep your guard up. Don't want a random vampire biting you." Dean joked and Sam rolled his eyes.
"But Dean it’s… it’s Iron Man." Sam said in a small voice.
"Well Lucifer is back in his cage, so everything should be back to normal right?" Sam asked Castiel.
"Yes Dean."
"Tonight. He said I should just check her for oil and bulge out a bump. He also said to leave the trunk closed, so don't mess with it. Now come on. You got work to do."
Tony blasted open a door and two men stood in there. Both were huge and had white eyes. Their skin looked rotten and they looked like they were brainwashed.
"They are real. Believe it or not." Dean snapped and got up, as Bruce was finished with his arm.
Castiel nodded.
Dean shrugged. "No one knows. Probably a lot. We will never find all of them, but at least we prevented them from turning everyone who workes at the factory into skinwalkers. Most of the time they have packs, like wolves. So if they were the main ones, then this area should be alright."
"Well, I'm glad. It'll distract him."
Dean stopped breathing for a second. There was a boy standing beside a crib and he looked up. A woman was burning on the ceiling.
"Be careful Dean. You too Cas." Sam said to them.
"He is the new God... a better one." Dean explained, still not believing it himself.
Sam sighed. "Come on. Let’s sit down and you explain what happened."
Dean saw that there were a lot more people in the room and he realized that it truly were the Avengers. He saw them more than once on the news. Dean glanced over to his brother and Sam had sparkles in his eyes. He looked super excited and Dean guessed that this was like a dream come true to him.
"We have been with them for less then two days."
Steve continued. "He lives by himself now, out in the woods. Only Pepper visits him from time to time, but he doesn't want to have anything to do with us."
"Do you think dad would have been here?" Sam asked.
____________________
"Relax, Dean. It's me." He changed his form into the old man again, that he used before, when he introduced himself for the first time.
"Mhmm... Look kid, I'm not really a friendly guy."
"I hate you."
He put on a suit and stepped onto the platform.
"Just tell us if we can help with anything. Maybe you two need  a break, like a vacation. No hunting for two weeks and not just because you are injured and need to heal."
"Well- maybe he was there when we were at one of those stupid foster homes. He is still dad Sam. He cares."
"Now that, is great.“ Dean smiled and the others too laughed slightly.
"Impossible."
"I thougt that Rob said that there are no monsters or demons in this world?" Sam asked.
Dean nodded and then pulled himself out of it. "We should go back." He started to walk back towards the house.
Bobby just nodded and then got up. "Come on. I'll drive. The sooner we figure out what Sam did, the better." Dean coudln't agree more and they drove off to New York.
"You guys go. I'll stay here, keep an eye on them." Bucky told the other Avengers.
"I don't know how to help him Tony. I want to, but he..."
They quietly walked into the first room and saw some old computers with a lot of files.
Jo and Charlie shared triumphant fist bumps before Jo grabbed Dean's shoulder and planted a kiss on his cheek. "You're not gonna regret this, boyfriend," she teased, giving him a gentle shove as she let him go. "Now go help Cas count the inventory. No funny business until it's all counted!"
"I'm okay now," he promised, giving Dean's hand a small squeeze. Dean felt a blush creeping onto his cheeks, but luckily, Cas wasn't watching him anymore. "Lucifer. . . he had a woman with him, but she was half dead when I met her. He didn't seem to care about her, even though she was. . . pregnant with his child."
Jo was at his side in seconds, examining the wound with a guilty look on her face. "Dean, I am so sorry," she gushed, her voice frantic. "The bullet is still in your arm. We need to get you to medical. Can you get up?" she wondered, words catching in her throat, her voice cracking. Dean could tell she felt horrible about hurting him, even though it was far from her fault.
Cas seemed to be satisfied by Dean’s answer this time, pressing a soft kiss to the small of Dean’s back before licking a hot stripe over Dean’s hole, sending Dean to another fucking planet or something. Dean sucked in a sharp breath as Cas’ tongue lighting circled his hole, just teasing. Dean made some noises he’d never be able to repeat as Cas’ tongue slowly worked him open, dipping inside him just a little at first. As Dean’s moans became louder, only muffled by the pillow, Cas licked into him deeper, taking his time to make sure Dean felt comfortable the whole time. Dean’s whole body was trembling as Cas dug his fingers into Dean’s cheeks, spreading him wider as he sucked and licked, the noises alone making Dean see stars. If Cas kept at this, Dean would come without even touching his dick, which would be something new. He had no doubt Cas had figured this out as well, from the way he had Dean shaking and moaning into the pillow.
Dean couldn't help the nervous laugh that came out as he stepped into the room, shutting the door behind him. "Come here," he instructed, meeting Cas in the middle of the room, where they stood too close for Dean to breath normally. He batted Cas' hands away from the tie to do it himself. For a few moments, they stood there in silence, Dean's fingers working the tie knot until it came undone. "There," Dean hummed, sliding the tie over Cas' neck before folding it up neatly, handing it back to Cas with a small smile. As Cas took the tie, their fingers brushed, and the contact reminded Dean of why he was there in the first place. "Can we talk?" he blurted out, trying to hold onto the lines he had rehearsed. "About what happened earlier?" he elaborated when Cas cocked his head to the side in confusion.
"Couldn't sleep," Cas mumbled, his voice rumbling against Dean's bare shoulder. Dean let out a shuddering breath as Cas' fingers traveled agonizingly slow, brushing past Dean's collarbone, and even further until the pad of his thumb flicked gently over a sensitive nipple. Dean gasped at the sudden attention, arching into the touch. "Can I stay?" It came out as more of a rasp than an innocent question, but Dean knew it was far from innocent anyways.
Dean hummed, his eyes heavy as the sounds of AC/DC played through the speakers. "You have low expectations," Dean teased, closing his eyes. Cas made a sound that resembled a laugh, but Dean wasn't sure. He hadn't heard the angel really laugh yet. The noise made him smile as he slowly drifted off, unable to keep his eyes open any more.
Dean couldn't see Cas' face, but he was sure the angel was smiling. "Don't worry, she'll be here soon. Charlie was on her way to get her when she left me," he promised, gently looking over Kaia's wounds. He changed her bandages after cleaning them again, then instructed Kaia to lay down. Dean sat and waited patiently for Cas to finish playing doctor. Cas carefully pressed on Kaia's torso, until she cried out in pain for him to stop. Finally, Cas gave her some medicine and stepped back to give her space. "It looks like you have a few broken ribs and some bruising, but there are no signs of internal bleeding. You should heal nicely, but it'll be a lot of pain for about a week."
When Dean woke, he felt like he’d been asleep forever. He wasn’t sure how long it had really been, but at least he felt refreshed, which didn’t happen often. Dean stretched his arms over his head, feeling the repercussions of fighting those vamps yesterday. For a moment, he sat there, just breathing and allowing himself a moment to fully wake up. After so long, he pushed himself up off the floor, threw a shirt over his head, and lit the candle from last night. He grabbed the candle and walked closer to the bed, carefully sitting the candle on the bedside table. Cas was still asleep, adorably so, with his head nearly hanging off the edge of the bed. The angel had one arm under the pillow, the other next to his head. The blanket was only covering his legs and his shirt had ridden up to expose his belly. Dean swallowed hard, raking his eyes over Cas’ body for only a moment. He knew he couldn’t be thinking about him like that, but in the moment, he couldn’t stop it.
"You didn't come home last night," Cas answered, seeming somewhat frantic as he pulled back just enough to grab Dean's face. His eyes roamed over Dean's features, as if checking him for injuries. "Charlie told me where you were and I pretty much ran over here to see you," he admitted, and Dean noticed the pink flush of his cheeks and his slightly heavier breathing then normal.
“Uh, Cas, what are you-” Dean started to ask, but he soon forgot how to form a coherent sentence when he felt Cas’ tongue swipe over his hole, hot and heavy as Cas rested both his hands on Dean’s ass, massaging gently. “Oh my god, that’s- wow, fuck,” Dean moaned, burying his face into the pillow beneath him. He gripped the sheets so hard, his hands were already starting to cramp up.
Castiel's stomach grumbled in reply before Cas could actually say anything. Dean smiled, stretching to kiss the top of Cas' head. "I suppose we should eat," Cas mumbled, pressing a warm kiss to Dean's neck before sitting up with a small wince. He stretched his arms, and then his back, and finally his neck. Dean watched his every move, mesmerized by how sexy this man in his bed was. He would never get tired of admiring his body and every time he thought about how Cas was really his, it made his whole face turn red.
"W-What?" Dean stammered, his heart hammering. There was another knock on the door, louder this time. It didn't even phase Dean. He was too focused on Cas' words, still playing in his ear.
Jo’s red face said it all. She only got flustered like that when it was about Charlie. “I told her about my feelings for her, but not that I. . . you know, love her, or whatever.” She stared at her feet as they walked. “I didn’t want to scare her away.”
He was suddenly drawn from his dirty thoughts about Cas' cock in his mouth, the weight of another body shifting onto the mattress next to him. Dean sighed softly, a content sound he couldn't hold back, not that he wanted to. Cas fumbled around with the blanket until they were both underneath the warm cover, pressed shoulder to shoulder. Cas moved to his side, bringing a wandering hand up to neck, gently pressing his fingers against Dean's steadily increasing pulse.
“I’m glad it’s you I’m stuck with.”
"I can make it worth your time," Cas promised, circling a lazy finger over Dean's hip, driving Dean absolutely crazy. Cas grazed his teeth against Dean's neck, making Dean groan at the sensation, his hips thrusting up towards those wandering fingers. He wanted Cas touching him
"It's just what we do around here," Dean answered with a small shrug. "Take the rest of the day to make yourselves at home, talk to some people if you want. Just get comfortable. I'll check in with you tomorrow morning."
"I was glad to see him alive," Dean admitted, taking a step back from the angel, in hopes of making his breaths even out again. Seriously, two months, and he still couldn't be close to Cas without acting like a horny teenager. Dean moved backwards until his legs hit the edge of the queen sized bed, forcing him to sit. Cas followed him, but instead of sitting, he towered over Dean directly in front of him. "There's a lot to unpack there," he continued, his chest tightening for a whole other reason now.
"Why did you pick this one?" Cas wondered, picking up the end of the tie with a genuine smile on his face. Dean was frozen just from looking at that smile. He couldn't speak until Cas finally looked up, their eyes meeting again. "Dean?"
“I’ll walk you out,” Dean offered, despite his full plate of food sitting in front of him getting colder by the minute. He felt the need to see them out, just to watch them walk off into the distance. He felt like if he didn't, something ridiculous would happen, like a werewolf jumping out to eat them despite it not even being a full moon. He stood up, giving Sammy a look to make sure he stayed there to eat, since he needed to gain his strength back. Dean followed Cas and Jack up the stairs, removing the blockade for them to get outside. Again, today was quiet and the undead were nowhere to be seen. “It’s nice out today. I made sure to put water in that bag, so stay hydrated, okay?” He felt odd, caring about someone else’s safety other than his own, or Sam’s, but somehow he couldn’t stop himself.
When he woke again, it was very sudden and someone was shaking him, saying something in his ear. Dean jumped, his hand flying to the floor where he left his gun. Out of instinct, he wrapped his hand around it, but when he realized it was just Jack, he relaxed, withdrawing his hand back to the couch, resting it under his chest. Jack took a few steps back with wide eyes. He knew better than to wake Dean like that, yet the kid still did it all the damn time.
Cas looked between the two brothers, searching for something to respond with. Finally, he smiled awkwardly, shaking his head. “That’s a kind offer, Sam, but we wouldn’t want to intrude. We’ll just find an abandoned house to sleep for the night and-”
Cas’ eyes seemed to darken as he pulled Dean closer, their chests pressed together with not even a little space between them. “Just the two of us?” he wondered, raising an eyebrow. Cas’ hands slipped under the hem of Dean’s thin t-shirt, sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
wanted this alone time with Cas. “Maybe tomorrow, Dad. I’m gonna make sure Jo gets home safe and probably stay with her for a while.”
"This is good for today," Dean announced, leading Cas out of the store and back out onto the street. "Ready to head back?" He paused, glancing at Cas, who didn't seem to be paying much attention. He was scanning the street, eyes reading all the broken signs for each store, zoned out completely. Dean rolled his eyes, waiting patiently for Cas to snap back to the conversation.
"I-I'm not sure," Cas answered, his voice faltering. He struggled in Dean's grip, but Dean held on too tight for Cas to escape that easily.
, was the sentence Dean couldn’t finish. He couldn’t think about that right now, or ever. If Cas was gone, Dean didn’t know what he’d do. That couldn’t be the outcome here.
"I didn't," Dean said with a glare. "She asked me and I said yes, because what else have I got to do? I'm out of commission for the next few weeks, you and Cas are both still working, so might as well put myself out there, right? Dad's the one who set us up in the first place, so it'll make him happy."
Dean rolled his eyes, grasping Cas' shoulder as he moved behind his chair. "If there is anything to plan, you'll be the first to know," he promised, then turned his attention to Cas. He leaned down, pressing a warm kiss to Cas' temple. "I'll meet you at work after I talk to Claire, okay?" he said softly as Cas' hand covered Dean's, squeezing softly.
“Not exactly,” Cas answered, as Crowley chuckled at the question. Cas glared at the demon. “We spoke once, briefly, after-”
This one is waaaay early because I have no self control, so enjoy!
Ellen’s eyes widened, the fear washing over her already worried expression. “Is Jo-”
Dean sighed, prying Cas’s hand off of him. “Just trust me,” he whispered, lightly touching a hand to Cas’ cheek. Before Cas had a chance to argue, Crowley snapped his fingers and they were gone. When Dean readjusted to reality after freaking teleporting, or whatever the hell that was, he saw they were in the woods again. The same spot Dean saw Crowley last time, where he found Kaia half-dead against a tree.
The tour took a couple hours, but John was thorough. He showed them all the different places to work, explained more about the supernatural barrier, and took them around the entire neighborhood before bringing them back around to their house. They didn't do much talking except for John, and Jack's occasional question, but that was it.
"I would, Dean, but I wanted to read this book Sam gave me," he answered, smiling apologetically as he held up the book in his hand. "Maybe later!" he promised, already disappearing down the hall to his room.
"Alright," John conceded, pushing himself away from the counter with an agitated huff. "I guess I understand. You don't wanna ditch your friends. Fine. I'll show you to the house you'll be living in and let you get settled before dinner." The anger was slowly fading from his expression, dangerously calm at this point. Dean treaded carefully, the legs of his chair scraping loudly against the wood floors as he stood up, securing his bag over his shoulder. The others followed seconds later as John gestured with a small head nod for them to follow.
“Cas, c’mon,” Dean whined, as Cas smirked against his shoulder, biting down hard enough to make Dean yelp and jerk back into Cas’ hand again. “Please, Cas, I want you to fuck me,” he begged.
“Good,” John said, signaling the end of that conversation. “Glad we got to talk, son,” he added, making a move towards the door.
An update because it's my 21st birthday and I'm sick so I can't party
"Talk to me, Cas," Dean begged, suddenly very nervous. He could feel his heart beating in nearly every part of his body and he just hoped Cas couldn't tell. "You've been ignoring me since yesterday and I don't know what I did wrong. Tell me where I went wrong?"
Dean’s face was about as red as Cas’ was as they both realized how it sounded. “No, Jack,” Dean quickly corrected him. “His name is a mouthful. It’s just easier to say Cas instead.”
“And?” Dean prodded, hoping he wasn’t prying too much to make her shut down. Jo and Charlie seemed fine today, closer even, so he had faith it all worked out.
Cas stepped closer, but there was still so much space between them. "I lied," Cas continued, making Dean narrow his eyes in confusion.
"C-Cas, we don't have time," Dean tried to get out, but Cas was palming him through his jeans and there was no way Dean wanted him to stop doing that. Still, he had to finish his thought, so he mumbled, "Cas, dinner, we have to- oh my god, fuck, Cas-" and then all thoughts of stopping were out the window.
"We all just help out where we can," Dean replied with a small shrug. "All I ask is that you do your best. If you're familiar with hunting, offer to go on a supply run a few times a week. If you can cook, help out in the kitchen. We have a garden that's outside the wall, so we only send people who are comfortable being outside the wall to tend to it. Our main priority is making sure everyone feels safe."
More spicy scenes, more dreams, and more clues to the puzzle :)
“Okay, I’ll get up,” Cas sighed, finally dragging himself out of bed to get dressed. Eventually, after a little more teasing and flirting, they joined Jack and Sam in the dining room for breakfast Sam had gotten from them. Sam teased them for taking so long, until Dean brought up Eileen and how late Sam got back from their date last night, which shut Sam up very quickly.
"Let him find out," Dean mumbled, not really meaning it, but also not completely opposed to the idea. Sam was bound to find out anyways, so if it happened to be in the morning, so be it. Dean just hoped Cas would wake up before Sam, as he usually did. Either way, Dean wasn't letting go. Not tonight.
Dean ignored him for a moment, holding Charlie’s face in his hands as he looked at her, making sure she was okay. She gave him a reassuring smile as he kissed the top of her head and gently pushed her over to Cas and Jo. “If you touch my friends again, it’s not gonna be pretty,” Dean threatened, acting as a wall between his friends and John.
After a second time of Dean banging on the door impatiently, Cas finally worked up the nerve to open it and greet him. For a moment, they stood there in the doorway. Cas was admiring Dean's green eyes and the way they matched the long sleeved green shirt he wore, complimented by dark blue jeans that hugged his legs in all the right places. Dean wasn't so much admiring Cas as he was studying him, as if there might be something wrong with him. Cas realized he was checking to see if something was wrong and quickly gave Dean his best smile, hoping it was enough to assure him he was fine.
"I'll sleep on the couch," Dean insisted, without hesitation.
"You look tense," Cas observed, a small smirk on his lips. Dean glanced at him, raising an eyebrow as if asking what the hell he was talking about. "You just look like you could use a. . . distraction," Cas said, emphasizing the distraction part. Dean still looked confused for a split second before realization sank in, and then his face turned a dark shade of red. "So?" Cas continued, crawling onto the bed over top of Dean, waiting for an answer.
Cas was quiet for a minute, eventually turning to face Dean, bringing a hand up to rest on his cheek. “We’re going to get through this, Dean. All of us. Sam, Jack, the girls, Bobby, everyone. We’re going to be okay.”
Crowley flung Dean out of the way, sending him into the nearest tree. Dean hit the ground with a groan, the air briefly leaving his lungs as he tried to catch his breath. By the time he was on his feet again, Crowley had let Cas go and Cas was slowly getting back to his feet. "There, the angel is healed. The deal is complete," Crowley said, looking at Dean as if there were more to say.
“He tried to hand Kaia over, but Crowley let her off the hook because he wanted me to trust him. He wants to make a deal with me-”
“Sammy, you hear that?” he asked, his voice rough with sleep. He threw his blanket to the side, pushing himself up off the floor where he had been sleeping to keep an eye on Sam the past few days. He walked over to where Sam slept, checking on him with a worried expression on his face. “Hey, you feeling any better?” he said, cautiously touching Sam’s forehead. He still had a fever. They hadn’t eaten in three days because their resources were dwindling, but Sam had come down with something else. A bad cold, maybe. Not eating didn’t help, but they had no choice.
“Goodnight, Cas.”
“Honestly?” Dean answered, his jaw tense.
"It's okay, Dean," Cas assured him, only making it worse as his rough voice made the heat creep back into Dean's neck, flooding his face. "You didn't look comfortable, so I let you sleep on my shoulder. The snoring didn't bother me," he continued, deepening the redness on Dean's face more and more as Sam snickered in the front seat, his eyes holding Dean's with that amused, cocky grin on his face. This time, Dean did glare at him, but it didn't accomplish much. "Sam and Jack screaming to that rock music was way more distracting than your snoring. I'm not sure how you slept through it," Cas teased, making Sam and Jack yell at him in defense of their horrible singing.
"Kinda," Dean answered with a slight shrug. "We're going on a date tonight. Bringing Cas and Charlie along too, though. It's nothing serious right now." He didn't want to make things sound too complicated. He planned on telling Sam about Cas soon, but he just wasn't sure when the right time would be. For now, he'd let Sam think Jo was still in the picture.
Things are about to get messy :)
Dean held onto Cas for as long as possible, since no one could see them in the back of the group. It was only when they came to a halt in front of a large house that Dean slipped his fingers back to his own side. Cas glanced at him with a questioning look, but Dean wasn't able to give him a good answer. He couldn't tell Cas that the reason he wouldn't hold a dude's hand in front of others was because of years of conditioning. Years of hating himself for liking things he was told he shouldn't like. Things he couldn't get past, even now, well into his thirties.
John showed them into the house, but didn't get much farther than the living room before excusing himself. He claimed he had other business to attend to, but Dean could tell he was still getting over the fact that his sons didn't want to live under his roof. Dean didn't mind that John left so quickly. It actually gave him a sense of relief once John was gone, leaving the four of them to figure out sleeping arrangements and what not.
He rummaged through his closet for clothes to put on, finding a pair of jeans Cas hadn't stolen yet and a green t-shirt. The pants went on easily, but the shirt was always a struggle, so he didn't even try. He balled up the dark material in his hand and went in search of Cas, or anyone at this point, to help him. He didn't get far down the hall before bumping into Sam, the other man fully dressed and alert.
Dean missed the days when he and Sam could walk the earth freely killing monsters and saving people. He never thought things would get so bad that they, the Winchesters, would have to go into hiding. When it happened, it was so unexpected that they didn’t have time to talk to any of their friends or family. Dean remembered it vividly, ten years ago, the wave of demon infected undead killing people left and right. Dean had dragged Sammy into the bunker, secured the perimeter, locked up the entrances, and that was where they stayed. They developed a set of rules over that extended period of time. They never left alone, always together. If they were to encounter someone in living flesh, they were not to approach that person. Dean grew up not trusting anyone but his father and his brother, and he wasn’t about to start now.
“What do you need, Dean?” Cas asked, squeezing his hip gently.
"Mornin' boys!" Bobby called, clapping Dean on the shoulder as they congregated into a big group. "Just waitin' on a few more now and we'll start dividing everyone up and give you your assignment," he explained, handing over weapons from the trunk of one of the cars they had parked next to Baby. Dean tucked the gun into his waistband, along with the silver knife and machete they were given.
Dean would have been content to kiss Cas like this all day, with or without the sex, but the world always liked to make his life difficult. A delicate knock on the front door broke them apart, reluctantly, as Cas sighed and scooted away from the table to see who had interrupted them. Dean composed himself from Cas’ confession and his mouth, but eventually followed Cas into the living room. The culprit, who Dean planned on murdering later, was Charlie. Behind her, leaning against the pillar on the porch with a lazy grin on her face, was Charlie’s partner in crime, Jo.
It took him four hours, but he finally finished the book. Cas was still gone and Dean was getting a little worried. He put his book back on the coffee table, sinking down lower onto the couch, curling up with Cas' pillow under his head, breathing in the sweet scent. The weight of his eyes and the exhaustion plaguing his body became too much and it didn't take long for him to drift off into a deep sleep.
Dean started to follow them, but hesitated for a moment and turned back towards Cas, gently grabbing the angel's face to pull him in for a short kiss. When he pulled away, Cas seemed a little surprised, which only made Dean smile wider. "I'll see you tonight," he promised, pressing his lips to Cas' forehead just because he couldn't get enough of touching him. "I'll be safe," he added.
John was quiet for a few moments, making Dean’s stomach churn horribly as he held back the urge to vomit. Finally, the look on John’s face faded back to normal, just blank as he blinked slowly. “I hope that’s true, Dean,” he finally said, articulating each word in a way that made Dean hold his breath. “Because I really want you to stay.” The words hit Dean hard, making his head spin. Of course, John’s response to Dean liking guys would be to kick him out, to never see him again. What else would it be? God, he didn’t know what he expected, but it wasn’t this. Though, hearing it now, he wasn’t surprised at all.
"Oh, and one more thing," Jo stopped him as he tried to slide his way past them to leave. She grabbed his shoulder, a mischievous look on her face. "I've planned our next date for tomorrow night."
Jack wore that confused face again as he looked at Cas for a better explanation. “You’re a mouthful?” he asked, eyes narrowed as he tried to figure out what it meant.
"We told everyone the truth," Sam nodded. "Those who believed us and wanted to stay did, and anyone who wanted out, like Martin and Ketch, they all left."
“He’s a demon,” Cas said, never tearing his eyes away from Crowley, as if waiting for him to make a move.
“I found her, dad!” Dean shouted, grabbing his wrist to push his hand back to his side. John’s face fell, his mouth hanging open at Dean’s words. Clearly, he hadn’t expected that. It was all the proof Dean needed to know that John was involved. No innocent man looked that scared when goods news about a missing kid came up. “Yeah, I found her last night. She was passed out in the middle of the woods. Somebody tortured her and left her there to bleed out.”
"I did agree to that, didn't I?" Dean tried to joke, in an attempt to make himself feel calmer about telling Cas things he didn't talk about with anyone. He didn't have to go deep into any painful details, but anything from his past was usually hard to talk about. He'd told Cas plenty about his mom, about how beautiful and amazing she was, but other than that, he hadn't told Cas much about his past.
"No," Cas denied, and then, "I mean, maybe. I don't know." The words hit Dean like a bag of bricks, knocking the wind out of him. Did Cas just admit that he felt something for Dean? That was the last thing Dean needed when trying to get away from the feelings he had for Cas. For the angel to give him hope. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, his heart beating so hard he could feel it in his ears. "I don't know what it means to be romantically interested in anyone. I've never had the opportunity. I have no experience. But I guess since you don't want anything like that, I have nothing to worry about. We can just stay how we are, right?" There it was. Cas didn't have feelings for Dean. He just didn't have experience with human emotions. He was getting friendship confused with romantic relationships. That had to be it.
Dean wanted to tell John what he really thought, but that would only escalate things again, so he just nodded in agreement. “Yeah, maybe you’re right, dad,” was the best response Dean could think of. It seemed to satisfy John, because he let it go after that. The rest of the day was kind of awkward, but John made small talk like things were fine. He asked about Dean and Jo, so Dean had to lie through his teeth about how great their relationship was and how things were going. It wasn’t too hard, considering how close he and Jo had gotten lately, but it felt like he was betraying Cas. He couldn’t do anything about it, but it still made him feel pretty shitty. They talked about other things too, but Dean mostly tuned him out and gave short answers. He wasn’t in the mood to talk to John as if the man were a true father figure to Dean. He had no interest in a relationship with him at this point. Maybe when he was younger, Dean craved a father-son relationship with him, but after John sent him away, all those wants and feelings went away.
Dean carefully sat their bags of food on the ground next to the rack of suit jackets, giving Cas an odd look. "How is this supposed to help?" he wondered, watching Cas take a red jacket off a hanger to examine the clothing.
"Well, he told me you were nice, charming, and easy on the eyes," she shared, squinting as if she were studying him, trying to figure out if he was, indeed, easy on the eyes. He liked to think he was an attractive guy, but not being able to bathe with soap more often than a few times a year really did a number on you. "So far, the only thing I could agree with is that last one. Haven't really charmed me yet and of course, insulting me before you even knew my name isn't something a nice guy would normally do."
Cas hooked his fingers into the band of the jeans, tugging them down until Dean kicked them off the rest of the way, growing even more impatient. "You want to feel my mouth on your cock?" Cas asked, hoping Dean was into this dirty talk thing. Cas wanted to try it. He was a little embarrassed, but it excited him, and luckily, it made Dean's eyes widen slightly as he eagerly nodded his head. Cas grinned, dipping down between Dean's legs, kissing his hips, teasing his fingers down Dean's thighs. "Tell me, Dean," Cas rasped, meeting those green eyes.
"But Dean," Cas argued, still clearly confused. "I couldn't fall asleep in the bed. You know I have trouble sleeping. For two months, I've slept on the floor. I thought it would help to have the same environment, so I moved to the floor in my room. I still couldn't sleep. Then I realized, I didn't have you snoring in my ear, so I came in here. Finally, I could fall asleep. That's why I'm not sleeping in my bed."
“Inside with Eileen,” Jack answered, grabbing onto Dean’s arm in return. “You’re scaring me, Dean.”
“Yes,” Cas agreed, a frown set on his lips. He glanced at Jack, as if expressing his worry for the boy. Dean understood needing to protect your family and he felt bad about kicking them out after this. “Anyways, thank you for the meal. We should get going.” He pushed his empty bowl into the middle of the table with Dean’s, waiting for Jack to do the same. As they started to stand up, Sam stopped them.
They set out towards the kitchen, Sam and Jack leading the way, but not too far ahead of Dean and Cas. Surprisingly, they included Dean in their conversation the entire way there, even though Dean wasn't always sure what they were going on about. Jack talked about his plans to hang out with Claire, Kaia, and Krissy after work at the park. Sam mentioned someone named Eileen, which Dean pestered him about all the way there, but Sam wasn't giving out any details other than "she works in the kitchen, but we're just friends."
Dean stared at his empty plate, knowing there was nothing he could do at this point. Cas wasn't his responsibility, as much as it felt like he was. "Alright," Dean mumbled, standing up quickly as he scooped up Cas' empty plate as well. "Get changed and pick a room upstairs to sleep in." He left Cas sitting on the step as he took the dirty plates to the kitchen, setting them off to the side to be cleaned later. Hopefully they could find some clean water running through town soon to cook and clean with. For tonight, Dean didn't want to worry about anything but sleeping.
Every month, Dean and Sam made a supply run. They killed their fair share of the undead, had a few brushes with death, but they always made it back alive. Every day in the bunker was the same. The undead scratched at their door, reminding Dean of the inevitable fate that he would someday succumb to. He wasn’t stupid. He knew he and Sam wouldn’t be able to outrun them forever. The days stretched on and on, blending together until Dean couldn’t remember how long it had been.
"You do realize, once I've terminated the deal I have with your father, the protective spell around your neighborhood will fall, leaving everyone you care about vulnerable to the evil creatures lurking in those trees," he pointed out, a bored expression on his face like he didn't care whether those people lived or died. He was a demon, so of course he didn't care, Dean thought.
They were only halfway back to the meeting place, Dean watching the toe of his shoes as he walked down the sidewalk, when he physically felt Sam tense up beside him. It was subtle, so Dean didn’t think much of it. But then Sam put a hand on Dean’s arm, his grip gradually tightening until Dean couldn’t get out of his hold.
"Don't go," Cas said again, pleading with him. "Please, Dean. . ."
Dean realized he probably looked like a crazy maniac and considering Jack was technically only like five years old, he most likely looked pretty scary. He took a deep breath, moving his hand to Jack’s shoulder to look him in the eye. “Don’t worry, kid. Everything is going to be fine. I just need you to go to Charlie’s and stay there until I come back. Got it?”
It was quiet when Dean walked into the medical building, but he could hear the faint scuffle of shoes on the wood floor coming from the back room. He knew Cas was the only one there, so he didn't bother announcing his arrival, instead just heading back to where the angel was. When he found Cas, he was on the floor with his head ducked under a cabinet, probably counting the contents. All Dean could think about, however, was Cas' ass in those tight pants, just right there in front of him. He felt his breath hitch in his throat, the heat taking over his face. He wanted to touch, but Cas didn't even realize he was there yet.
Dean sighed, but he didn't get his hopes up. He figured this would happen. The mysterious man in the woods didn't seem human, so there was a good chance Kaia got her memories wiped on purpose. Dean just had to figure out why. "Well, I'm glad you're okay. Claire was worried sick," Dean added, their eyes meeting.
"So you told him?" Jo wondered, raising an eyebrow skeptically.
“You met the King of Hell today?” Sam asked, suddenly worried as he leaned forward as if making sure Dean wasn’t sporting any new injuries.
"Right," Dean mumbled, clearing this throat. He shrugged off his jacket, still unsure why he was listening instead of leading them home where they should have been going instead of this place. Dean dropped his jacket next to their bags, his feet glued to the floor as Cas stepped closer, helping Dean into the ridiculous suit jacket. "What's the point in this again?" he asked, holding his arms out like a child as Cas smoothed the material on Dean's sides.
“I’m fine,” Dean promised, trying to hide his bag from Cas’ view. It was dark, but the window provided enough moonlight that Dean was just visible enough to make out in front of the door. All he could see, though, was Cas’ silhouette. “I was just going for a walk.”
"Thanks, but I'll stick with Sam," Dean answered coolly, instead of exploding like he wanted to do. "We work well together. Have for the past ten years, at least. Even before then. No point in separating us now."
Cas met Dean halfway, letting Dean look him over and run his hands over Cas' face where there used to be cuts and bruises. He looked perfectly normal. Dean breathed a sigh of relief, but each breath hurt even worse than the last. "I'm okay," Cas promised, a flash of worry on his face. "But are you-"
“When his men brought me to him, I tried to escape,” she explained, her voice shaking as she relived it in her head. Dean felt bad for bringing it up and almost stopped her, but she continued. “He said what I did- what I am- is disgusting. They beat me until I passed out. I can’t remember what happened to me after that. It’s blank up until the moment you found me.”
“I’m glad you didn’t wait,” Dean mumbled, hesitantly wrapping his arm around Cas’ waist, pulling him closer because that was something he could do now. He could touch Cas without fear of rejection, and he could kiss him whenever he wanted, just as long as they were alone of course. “Maybe when we get home, I could. . . return the favor,” Dean suggested, his heart racing at the thought of it. He really wanted to touch Cas, in every way possible. He wanted as much of him as he could get.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “So, what do you want me to do about it?”
"I have to count the inventory above your head," Cas informed Dean, suddenly inches away as he reached up to open the cabinet directly above Dean. For a moment, Dean was still focused on counting the rest of his things, not really paying much attention other than noting how close Cas was to him. Then, he finished counting and turned to get up, only to realize just where his face was. Cas was still counting, very focused actually, and Dean was transfixed on the strip of bare skin where the t-shirt (which he stole from Dean) was riding up his stomach.
"Don't worry about it," Dean cut him off, licking his lips hesitantly. "I know how much those things suck. Sometimes, it feels like it'll never stop. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy." He bent down, picking up Cas' notebook of the ground where he must have dropped it after taking it away from Cas. He offered it back to Cas, who took it and tucked it under his arm. "You just wanna start the project tomorrow?" Dean wondered.
“What the hell do you-” she started, before dropping her hands from her face to take in the situation. “Shit, Dean,” she breathed, eyes landing on Kaia, unconscious in Dean’s arms. “You found her?”
"That would be nice," Dean chuckles, thinking about how long it had been since he'd taken an actual shower. The water had worked for a while after the world went to shit, but it had still been years. The best they got was rinsing off with damp wash clothes and an occasional dip in a lake or river. "So your friends didn't want to hang out today?" Dean wondered, coming up on the edge of the only park in town. Dean briefly remembered sitting on the bench not too far away, talking to Jo about his boy problems.
Before Dean could get a word out, Cas was stepping in front of him, the glare set deep into his features. “He had a bullet in his arm. He’s not going to be hunting
Castiel's hand squeezed Dean's leg out of nowhere, forcing Dean to look at him in concern as Cas narrowed his eyes. "Dean, no," he said, voice low.
Kaia frowned, shaking her head. "Now that you mention it, I don't remember anything. The last thing I really remember was coming home from work and- and then it's blank."
Charlie rolled her eyes, pointing a thumb towards the other room where Cas had run off to. "That was because of you," she accused, giving Dean a stern look that made him slump in his seat guiltily. "If you can't see it-" she started, then cut herself off, giving a small sigh. "You two are going to be the death of me," she said instead, dropping her head to her arms as they folded on top of the table.
"Great, I'll be right back," Dean promised. He quickly ran to wake up the others, banging on Sammy's door until he yelled at Dean that he was already awake and getting dressed. Jack was much nicer when Dean woke him up, even smiling at Dean and telling him good morning. After about twenty minutes, they were all dressed and ready to go. Dean followed John out the door in anticipation, more than excited to see Bobby for the first time in ten years. Cas was right last night when he said today would be a better day. It was already off to a great start.
“I read one of your dumb books,” Dean admitted. “Cas likes it when I read to him sometimes and we ran out of fiction books.”
Dean listened in, laughing every now and then half-heartedly, but he was sort of zoned out, worried about Cas and Jack being away from them all day. He knew they were safe, but he just couldn't help himself from worrying. It was what he did.
At first, Cas didn't say anything. He was clearly being passive aggressive as he threw things in the trash with too much force and ignored looking in Dean's direction. When Dean sighed again, Cas whipped around to look at him, stepping into Dean's personal space so fast, Dean nearly fell backwards off the bed.
Charlie stood in the middle of the living room, struggling to get out of the grip of two of John’s men. Dean recognized them as some asshole named Ketch and John’s friend, Martin. Dean didn’t like either of them, especially not now that he knew the truth about John. They probably did all of John’s dirty work.
“Jack, he’s not going to hurt you,” Cas said, his voice calming as he pulled the boy’s hands away from his face. “This nice man said he can feed us tonight. You’re hungry, aren’t you?”
personal space. “And so are you.” He finished cleaning the wound before taping the gauze to Cas’ head, making sure it was secure before stepping away. “So you’re staying with me, right?” he wondered, finally meeting Cas’ eyes. He put the pain pill into the man’s hand, their fingers brushing. Dean quickly pulled away, still waiting for an answer.
They hadn't seen much action the past three days, which Dean assumed was a good thing. If people weren't coming in, then people weren't getting hurt. In a neighborhood like this, Dean didn't think there were much opportunity to get hurt, unless it was someone who was out past the wall, like Sam. He did worry each time the door chimed, signalling someone walking in. He looked around the corner every single time, his heart racing until he saw that it wasn't his brother. It would just be a kid who fell off his skateboard, or someone with a stomach ache that needed nausea medicine, or something else minor like that.
"Those two can get you into a whole lot of trouble if you're not careful," Bobby said with a fond look on his face. "I'm guessin' you and Jo have some sort of deal to keep John from finding out about your boy Cas?" he asked bluntly, bringing up the topic Dean had successfully been dancing around. Dean didn't answer, instead staring at the table, scratching his dull nails lightly across the hard wood. "Dean, you know you can tell me, right? I could have killed your dad for what he did to you all those years ago. I would never-" he cut himself off, the anger seeping into his voice. He always shut it down before he could explode, especially around Sam or Dean. He didn't like to yell around them because John would do it all the time. It always made Dean flinch, getting yelled at like that. Not that Bobby was yelling at him right now, but any kind of angry tone made him shiver at the horrible memories.
"That sounds horrible. I'm so sorry," Dean mumbled, wishing there was something more profound he could say.
Cas chuckled softly, swaying closer to fake a glare as their noses bumped. "I blame you for keeping me up all night with your rambling about 80's music," he teased, and Dean didn't have a reply, because it was the truth. Cas asked one simple question, then Dean kept him awake for hours talking about it. Instead of defending himself, Dean laughed and kissed the tip of Cas' nose.
"At least for today," John answered through clenched teeth, his jaw tense as he held back that anger Dean knew all too well. For the sake of being around others, he kept it inside. "You'll be circling the perimeter with your partner. We've had sightings of a skinwalker around the back area of the woods. If you find it, kill it. Stay on high alert for other monsters too. There's a lot of hungry bastards out there."
“Okay, okay,” Dean cut her off, the heat creeping up his neck. He felt Cas’ hand still on his back, but he didn’t pull away. Claire didn’t know any better, outing him for saying he loved Cas. Dean secretly hoped Cas hadn’t caught that, or at least didn’t think anything of it since Claire sounded so frantic right now. “We’ll go with Cas’ original plan. You and me out there, alright? Just promise me you’ll stay away from John.”
“Shut the fuck up!” John screamed, cutting Dean off with a scowl on his face. “You don’t know anything! You chose that stupid son of a bitch over your own blood! We’re family, Dean, and you still chose him. That’s why I took him. To make you see who your real family is.” He was straining to talk now, and a crowd of people were starting to gather around them. Sam was standing a few feet away with a gun pointed at Ketch’s head. Martin had run off the second Dean pulled his gun out, but that was no surprise seeing as the guy was afraid of his own shadow.
“I found it years ago,” Jo told him, staring off into the distance, over the surface of the lake. “The undead didn’t come here, so I spent a lot of time getting to know this area. I told a few people about it. Charlie, my friend Ash, and now you.”
As soon as they were in the other room with Cas and Charlie, they both received glares. "Are you two idiots going to explain what the hell you were screaming about in there?" Charlie demanded, a hint of amusement on her lips as if she already knew what they were talking about. Dean really hoped she didn't.
"You say that, but I know how dad was," Sam argued. Dean ignored him, walking past the door to the section of the store they hadn't been through because they didn't need any clothes. He saw something that caught his eye and he wanted to get away from Sam and this conversation, so he walked off without saying a word. "Dean, don't walk away from me!" Sam called after him.
"I helped carry the plates," Jack agreed with a large grin, probably just happy to be included at all. He was pretty easy to please.
"We're not getting into this again," Dean snapped, forcing Sam's hands up in surrender. "It's just one date. It's not like we're signing a marriage certificate."
He didn't have to wonder for long because as soon as he seriously considered getting up to join Cas on the couch, he heard the door creak slowly, hesitantly even. At first, Dean wanted to just invite Cas into bed and cuddle up next to him, kiss those soft lips, let his hands roam over warm skin, maybe even wrap his lips around Cas'-
“And if that happened, could you still keep my friends safe?” Dean asked.
Dean grinned. "Meet you here at three?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I think it would have been a distraction from what’s really wrong,” Cas said, still red in the face as he shifted awkwardly on the stool, his hands digging into his thighs.
Jack seemed to relax a little when he realized Dean wasn't angry with him for asking about telling Claire. He opened up a lot more now that he felt safe enough to do so. "A couple days ago, Kaia left," he shared, a sadness in his voice. "It was in the middle of the night. She never said goodbye, or told anyone she was leaving. Claire thinks something else happened to her, but she said no one believes her." He paused, staring at his empty breakfast plate with a deep frown. "I believe her, but I don't know how to help. I just wanted to do something. . . cheer her up, maybe. But if you don't want me to say anything-"
Sam grumbled something that Dean didn’t quite catch, but he assumed it was just him giving attitude. “Can you, I don’t know, read their lips or something?” Sam asked, holding onto Dean’s ankles as he struggled to stand still.
Dean wasn’t sure what there was to talk about, but he knew he couldn’t disagree. He could only stand up to John about some things, like the lives of innocent girls at stake. Standing up to him about this- about not really being with Jo, that would have to be some other time. “I’ll think about it,” Dean said, standing up a little straighter. “There’s something I wanted to talk to you about, too,” he added. Now there was no going back. He had to say something, even if it was going to get him into trouble. John had never held back before, so Dean prepared for a blow to the face after he said the next thing. “Claire told me her friend, Kaia, left town a couple days ago.”
"He's still working," Charlie told him with a vague gesture towards the medical building. "I told him I would stay late and finish inventory, but he insisted. I'm sure he'd love your help so he can get to dinner some time tonight."
Dean swallowed his anger, but he couldn’t help the snide remark. “Yeah, it’d be really unfortunate if anyone went missing.” He wasn’t necessarily looking for a fight, but he was prepared for one. Especially since they were alone. John had to have been planning something.
When they made it to the building, Cas and Dean stayed back while Jack met his friend at the door. Dean assumed that one was Krissy, since Claire and Kaia didn't work with Jack. Next to Jack and Krissy was a woman with dark brown hair and soft features. She waved at Sam, who just walked over to meet her without a word to Dean or Cas. Dean watched them talk, or sign really. Sam didn't know sign language, so he figured this girl, Eileen, had to be teaching him, which was pretty cool. Dean wanted to meet her, but he respected Sam's privacy, so he stayed next to Cas, probably standing a little too close.
Dean swallowed another drink of water, accepting Cas' help to sit up in the bed. "The wall is down. We haven't lost anyone, have we? It's not safe here anymore." He had been out for a week, which meant there was a week with one less hunter out there to protect the innocent people John left behind. Dean had been thinking about them since he made the deal with Crowley.
"Right, well," John continued, clearing his throat awkwardly. "I have some people I'm supposed to meet, so I'll leave you boys to it. I also had someone bring the rest of your stuff over from the Impala, should be inside." He squeezed past Sam and Jack on the stairs, pausing at the bottom. "I'll see you tomorrow, bright and early!" he called, giving one last wave before he was off again.
Crowley smiled that smug grin again as he zapped himself out of there, leaving Dean alone with an injured angel and his own injuries to deal with. He had one hour to get Cas home and find Sam and Bobby to help him take down Crowley.
"Hey, you're hurting him!" Dean yelled, panic setting in as he started to reach for Crowley to pry him away from Cas.
“Did you hear a word they said?” Sam wondered, once they were alone and could talk freely without being caught.
Dean nodded slowly, eyes glued to the front door. “I can do this,” he repeated, taking one step at a time towards the door. He stopped at the top of the stairs, turning back to look at Jo with a terrified look in his eyes.
Dean’s blood was boiling as John left without another glance back. He felt the urge to run after him and throw a good punch, something that would make up for all the hits Dean took as a kid. He knew it wouldn’t solve anything, but he was really itching to just hit something.
Dean’s face felt a little red as he realized he did, in fact, give Castiel a nickname. It just rolled off the tongue better than his full name. “No big deal. Castiel is just a mouthful,” Dean defended himself. It didn’t mean anything. They wouldn’t see each other after tonight anyways.
“They’re not doing anything,” Sam whispered from their hiding spot in the bushes next to John’s house. “Can we go now?”
Cas flung the door open, so now they were standing there face to face, silence washing over them. Dean seemed to have lost what he came to tell Cas, his mind blank, eyes staring into Castiel's. He swallowed, shifting the weight in his feet, trying to come up with something. He wanted to apologize, but he had too much pride. "We're going to get dinner," Dean suddenly remembered, the words catching in his throat as they came out.
Cas looked down at him as Dean leaned in, planting a wet kiss to the inside of Cas' thigh. "Very okay, Dean," he breathed, scooting a little closer to the edge of the cushion. Dean smirked, slipping his hand under the thin fabric covering Cas' legs, pressing his fingertips into his firm hip. Cas gasped when Dean's teeth scraped the skin of his thigh, then soothed the sensitive spot with an open mouthed kiss. Dean groaned as Cas' fingers threaded through his hair and tugged a little harder than necessary.
"See you later, dad,'" Sam called from across the table. Dean gave a small wave, trying to ignore the fact that John didn't tell them first thing that Bobby was alive and in the same place as them. Dean would have gone to him immediately, but now he had to wait until tomorrow with that information just swimming around in his head.
Dean swallowed hard, trying not to let that accusation hurt him. “No, Cas, you’re not a burden. You can help us find supplies and the sleeping arrangements are nothing. That’s the least of my concern. Please come back with me?” He wasn’t sure why he was trying so damn hard. He didn’t get rejected much, so he guessed that was why he kept trying. “Besides, we’ll probably move on from the bunker soon. It would be nice to have someone to talk to who isn’t my little brother. We can find a place with more supplies, more light, and I don’t know, some place we can all fit.”
. Because Dean never understood how angels love, or if there could be a perfect equivalent to humans’ feelings; and angels aren't even supposed to feel anything, let alone in a human way. From his point of view, he’s not
“You know what?” In that moment, Sam gives up. “Cass,” he says, in a way that’s incredibly close to a prayer. “You know you’re busy, but I have an important question for you….”
Dean spills the coffee on his shirt, cursing. Sam laughs like an idiot. This is going to be a long day.
Sam’s propelled to hug him because, really, Cass has terrible tastes in men. Sometimes you needed some divine patience with Dean.
Dean rubs a hand on his face. “Cass, I swear, if you’re really listening to this bitch, I pray you: ask Jack to shut Sam up.” he stops only because Sam has a satisfied look on his face. “What’s that smile?”
Dean stops just to point a finger at Sam’s face, discovering that the bastard is not hiding that smile anymore. “What?”
“Yeah, when you don’t know them.” Dean makes a crooked smirk. “But when you do…” he glances at Sam.
“Okay, he might have said that.” Dean rolls his eyes, trying to exit the conversation. Sam does that thing where he twitches and distorts his lips downwards pretending he’s not hiding a smile. Then he clears his throat, and Dean has to add “
“Dean?”
: time to go into a different room.
Sam’s waiting “So he loves you… like an angel.”
For all that matter, that conversation is over.
“Mind your fucking business, Sam”
. Sam should get the memo that asking him about his best friend’s death--the most recent, for what it matters-- is not part of those new boundaries they’re trying out. Dean’s swallows, and walks away.
“Firstly, stop calling Cass. Secondly, fuck you, Sam. Cass’s your friend too.”
“Anyway, you know I love you, right?” He says finally, entering the Man of Letters library, where Dean’s trying to have a coffee in peace. “What I want to understand… do you love me too.... like an angel?”
Dean opens and closes his mouth, thinking that Sam should shut the fuck up. That he’s interpreting that confession the best that he can, that there’s nothing new in the way Cass spoke to him because that’s how they said
What he doesn’t understand, however, is Sam’s fascination with Cass’ words, as if they were something important. Dean has phrased the same meaning in different words more times than he can recall. He’d said
There’s no point in articulating his thoughts. To say:
“Cass, can you hear me?”
He glances at him with a sore knot in his throat. “Maybe those were not his words, but… Cass’s an angel.”
I know I want this conversation to be fucking over.” He uses the
with it.
and thanks for all the fish - whether Sam likes it or not. Weren’t they trying to respect each other’s choices? Trying to embrace the whole free will shit?
“He specifically said ‘I love you like an angel’. He said that?”
Sam blinks like Dean’s announced his retirement from hunting to become a lap dancer  “But we do know this one, right?”
Sam raises his hand, gesticulates midair, and then he clenches it and puts it on his nose. “How do you know….” He stops, probably realising he’s being sidetracked. Then he put a hand on his shoulder, all serious. “Dean, are you telling me that he said specifically ‘I love you like an angel’ before sacrificing himself to the empty? Am I quoting this correctly?”
. “You know what? We were missing you. This is our emergency. Dean visited your room three times already, and it’s only nine --” which was true, hands down. Sam entertains Cass with info about their new case, he tries to convince him to stay, just for a while,
Cas looked at him, a smile replacing his usually unchanging calm expression. "Yes, just happy you and Sam are here," he replied, making Dean's heart swell.
"Definitely," Dean hummed, pushing Cas out from between his legs, instead moving them around until they were laying on the bed on their sides, Cas still tucked against Dean's chest. Dean wrapped an arm around Cas, pulling him even closer. Cas realized they were cuddling, something he never thought he'd be doing, especially not with Dean Winchester. Instead of thinking about it too much, he just let it happen. "Go to sleep. Got a project to finish tomorrow," Dean said in his half asleep voice, making Cas smile a little. He sounded so cute like that. Much different from the voice he used when jerking Cas off minutes before.
“Not happening, Dean,” she snapped, just as he thought she would. He opened his mouth to argue with her, hoping Cas and Charlie would back him up, but Claire wasn’t done yet. She narrowed her eyes at him. “How would you feel if it were Cas out there? Don’t you remember what you said about not wanting the people we love to get hurt? I’m not sitting on the sidelines when Kaia is out there, alone and injured. I can’t, Dean. I have to do everything I can-”
“And what about your life, Dean?” Cas nearly shouted, finally moving closer, his hands grabbing Dean’s face to keep him from looking away, as if he could avoid talking about this if he didn’t look Cas in the eyes. Dean opened his mouth like he had something to say, but he didn’t have a single word that would make this better. “Do you have any idea-” Cas started, his voice cracking as a tear slipped down his cheek. Cas took a breath, hesitating as he visibly swallowed. “Do you have any idea how much it kills me when you’re gone? When I have no idea where you are, if you’re alive or dead?” His voice shook more with each word. “You’re the first person who has made me feel anything, Dean. You have taught me so much. You’ve shown me what a family is. You have made me realize that I can truly be happy.”
After the meal, they started packing everything into bags. Blankets, pillows, food, guns, salt, and anything else they could fit into the trunk of the Impala. “That’s everything,” Dean announced, slamming the trunk closed as Sam opened the garage door, flooding them with light. “Everyone in. We’ve got a long drive.”
Castiel appeared surprised.  “You want to talk about me now?” he asked.
Dean unlatched the safety, though he knew he would never shoot Crowley and risk damaging the Impala unless Crowley actually posed a threat.  Unfortunately, he had a feeling Crowley was banking on this.
Before Dean left to confront Amara, he requested to go to Mary Winchester’s gravesite.  Castiel stood with Crowley, Chuck, and Rowena, silently watching the brothers give their respects to their mother.
Castiel’s mouth turned down in disappointment, and he headed inside, followed by Sam.  Dean took a deep breath, scowled, picked up his bag, and headed into the house reluctantly.
“Sor-sorry, Cas-…” Dean grunted.  “You’re-… where did you?...”
Yes, Dean knew immediately.  He was sure.  A need overwhelmed him to feel Castiel inside of him.  This had to be
the Rod, obviously.  But, I’m willing to settle for one.  Seeing as we’ll both likely be using the Staff
“I would say that you're lying,” Castiel snapped.  Something like hope rose up in him and he stomped it out quickly.
Dean staggered back from the words.
“Like hell,” snapped Dean.
“Functional,” said Kelvin.  “You know, there’s the usual infighting, but… let’s just say that Lucifer having a baby on board has brought us all together.  You know, this is an all hands on deck situation, Castiel.  Including yours.”
He had seen a special on TV one time where a couple broke up and returned all of the other’s belongings in a box.  When they went to return each other’s belongings, they had ended up making out and getting back together.
During the first week, Dean forced himself not to worry.  There was a lot going on, anyway.  Dean was furious to learn that his mother had been working with the British Men of Letters, but reluctantly agreed to give them a chance after Sam agreed to take on cases for them as well.  It was certainly keeping him busy, and Dean begrudgingly admitted to himself that they were doing good work.
Dean opened his mouth to protest, but Crowley put up his hand.  “The point is, we’re all on the same side now.  Now I’d like both the Staff
Castiel stood in front of Kelly, resolute now.  Joshua was gone, and it was only the Winchesters.  He would
“Hey, ass-butt!” Castiel yelled, the words wrenched from his throat once again in a time of need.  He could see the cage, not in the depths of Hell like it should be, but somehow magically transported here.  In the cage was Lucifer, standing over Sam, who was bleeding onto the floor.
It had been a few days since Dean had rebuffed Castiel at the bar – an eventful few days.  Castiel had been hurt by Dean’s words – hurt enough to take drastic action.  It had paid off, however.  Now, he had to relay a message to Dean.  Sam might be in trouble.
For Dean, it would always be “a year and a half since Cas died.”
A few days later, Dean finally got answers.  One of the members of the Styne family, the old European family who sought the Book of the Damned, told Dean while captured that the Book was spelled against fire damage.  It hadn’t been burned – Sam had lied to him.
Sam chuckled along with him.  “I blame you for this, you know.”
“Now what is that supposed to mean?” snapped Dean, jerking backward to look at Castiel.  A horn honked, and Dean realized he’d started to drift into the other lane.
Dean found Castiel’s prostate at the same time as he nudged his firm hip with his other hand.  Castiel lifted himself wordlessly off the bed with another moan as his erection caught on the sheets. Dean rose to his knees and began to stroke Castiel’s cock in time with the thrust of his fingers.  His own erection stood proud against the back of Castiel’s thigh, and he thrust forward unconsciously.  “Feel that, Cas?  I missed you,” he said huskily.
“Oh,” said Dean, moving back toward Castiel.  “Is that why we’ve always had this… thing?”
about planning to abandon Dean in Purgatory…
“What… in… creation…” Castiel said, looking around, Dean knew, for anything he might’ve missed while he was otherwise engaged.  He looked thoroughly debauched, his ragged hair even messier than usual and his eyes alight with surprise and wonder.
Now, however… now was a different story.
Sam, on the other hand, had been squirming almost since they left the bunker.  “All right, who wants music?” he asked finally.
The memory of Sam as a 4-year-old made Dean smile.  “Sam, you’re my baby brother.  Does she make you happy?”
“No.  I’m already… prepared, as you would say,” Castiel answered.  “And I can’t contract human diseases, nor can I give them to you.”
Dean waited a few moments, selfishly, before pushing his hand against Castiel’s shoulder in the universal “get off” gesture.  He pulled Castiel on top of him, their cocks moving together in a rhythm that he knew well, but had missed terribly.  When had this become so addicting?  He relished the feeling of being completely naked – the feel of sweat and skin without the fabric of pants, the feel of Castiel’s torso against his own, the cleanliness of their bodies and smell of aftershave that was just slightly different than Purgatory.
!” Dean shouted back through the phone.
Season 9, Part 1
Dean nodded, excusing his brother.  “Go to bed, man.”
to actually having… something.  Maybe.  After all, Castiel was human now, and having sex with other people.  But maybe the angel wouldn’t have even wanted… something.
He made fun of Castiel when he attempted to obtain information about the deceased by sniffing him.  He ridiculed him for interrogating a witness and possible suspect.  Worst of all, he refused to allow Castiel to remain in the motel room and watch over him during their first night in Oklahoma.
“No, why-…” Dean started, ignoring the pang of stinging nostalgia at Castiel’s full name.
“Yeah, my best friend,” Jo shared, a small smile lighting up her pretty features. “Kind of like you and Cas. He is your best friend, right?” And of course, if there was any way possible for it to end up being about Cas, that’s right where the conversation would go. Especially when he was trying to avoid it the most.
After they picked up their dinner, Jo continued leading Dean to wherever the hell it was she was taking him. She just kept telling him, “Don’t worry, you’ll like it!” and that was the end of the conversation each time Dean asked. Dean was still recovering from the conversation with Cas only thirty minutes before, so he wasn’t much of a conversationalist when Jo tried to talk to him. He gave short replies, tried to smile sometimes when she looked at him, but otherwise, his head was spinning. As much as he tried not to think about Cas, he couldn’t help it. The words “don’t go” and “I want you” were playing on repeat in his mind and there was no pause button.
Dean gathered up his mess of demon summoning ingredients back into the bag, setting them off to the side before getting up to check on Cas. While Dean expected him to still be out cold, he actually found Cas struggling to sit up despite his injuries. He must have had a couple broken ribs, at the very least.
"I'm done talking about it," Dean replied, searching through the shirts until he found one that didn't look as worn out as the others. He took it off the hanger, folding it up to tuck under his arm. He wasn't sure why he grabbed it, if not to just get Sam off his ass. That wasn't the only reason, but he was too embarrassed to admit the real reason he wanted that shirt. "Let's go. We need to keep moving before it gets dark."
"I promise," Jo smiled, this time a little more genuine. Dean thought he might have been getting through to her. "I've got to get home, but I'll see you tomorrow night."
"Bullet went through the skinwalker, then right into his arm," John explained, letting him go as he finally relaxed against the hard mattress of the hospital bed. "I'm pretty sure it's still in there," he added, taking a step back to stand next to Bobby.
“You tell me,” Dean replied, clenching his fists at his sides. John could deny it all he wanted, but Dean could see it in his father’s eyes. He was being far too defensive. Dean had seen this before, years ago, but he remembered the look in John’s eyes. The day Dean got back from his year spent away from Sammy. John had looked past Dean, right into Sam’s eyes, with the same excuse.
"Of course," Sam replied without question. "Just be careful. Whatever you're planning, I want in."
Cas looked up, giving Dean a worried smile. "Okay, just be careful," he sighed, kissing Dean's knuckles before letting him go. "I'll tell Charlie you'll be a little late," he offered, watching Dean work his feet into his boots with his one good arm.
Dean groaned, holding Cas tighter. "We can skip. I'm the boss."
"It's great!" Jack beamed, nodding his head in time with the song. Dean smiled, satisfied as he continued driving down the long stretch of highway, his fingers tapping the steering wheel as the songs played. He watched Jack every few seconds, his heart swelling as the kid slowly learned the words to the choruses in each song and began to sing along.
Jack glanced at Sam for a moment, then back to Dean and Cas, his mouth half open and his eyes narrowed as if trying to figure out some impossible math equation. "I know I'm young and pretty gullible, as Dean likes to point out, but did I miss something?" he answered, gesturing between Dean and Cas. "Are you guys officially. . . you know, together?"
Dean glanced at the radio for a moment, then looked at Jack in the rearview mirror. "Yeah, but we've only got one tape," he answered, digging through the glove box while Sam slept peacefully in the passenger seat. Cas was asleep too, his head leaned against the window in the seat next to Jack. "Looks like some AC/DC," he read, squinting at the writing that was fading on the tape. There used to be so many tapes in various places throughout the car because John had an arsenal of different music. Dean grew up listening to all kinds of bands and music genres. He loved nothing more than a little classic rock, which he was happy to subject Jack to. The kid could use some good music in his life. Dean briefly wondered if the kid had even listened to music before, considering he had been born in the midst of an apocalypse. For a second, Dean had an image of Castiel teaching Jack the words to some obscure pop song and the two of them jamming out, which made him chuckle.
Dean slowly turned around, his feet barely leaving the ground as he spun to face the angel, the tie hanging loosely in his hands. He met Cas' eyes, admiring that color as his hands moved on their own, without permission from his brain. He draped the tie over Cas' neck, pausing to pop the collar on his shirt. He watched his fingers work, slowly knotting the tie as Cas watched him, both of them basking in the silence. When it was tied, Dean carefully tightened it, fixing Cas' collar to complete the look. He wanted to move his hands away immediately, but he couldn't seem to pull away. Cas dropped the pants he had been holding onto, which was the only thing that snapped Dean back to the real world. He cleared his throat, taking a step away from Cas, his back smacking into the tie display.
Dean felt relief wash over him now that he knew the people were safe. He knew Sammy would be able to come up with something using that big brain of his. "Do the people know. . ." Dean trailed off, hoping Sam knew what he was asking. He didn't really want to talk about John and the shit he had put everyone through, especially since that part of their lives was over for good.
Sam stepped further into the room, unable to stop himself from smiling at his big brother. "I'm glad you're okay, Dean," he said genuinely. "And I know you're probably worried about everything but yourself right now, so I'll tell you everything that has happened since you've been out, if you're up for it."
“We’ll figure something out,” Bobby said, then gave each of them a very stern, pointed look. “You two idjits stay out of John’s business for the next three weeks. I don’t need you making any demon deals and getting into trouble. You come to me and we figure this out together. Understand?”
Dean let out a strangled moan that he at least attempted to keep in, but luckily, Cas didn’t stop to tell him to shut up this time. Dean felt that familiar sensation building in his gut, warming his entire body as Cas kept swallowing him down.
“I know the rules, Sammy. I made them,” Dean cut him off, moving across the room to get to him. “I never said I trusted them. We’re just feeding them and then they’re gone. I couldn’t let the kid go hungry, alright?” He gently pulled the blanket from Sam’s shoulders, helping him to his feet. “Come meet them for yourselves. Just don’t get attached.”
Dean closed his eyes, pushing the urge to cry back down. "When I get home, Cas-" he started, not daring to look at the man again. "We'll talk, okay? Just give me some time."
As soon as they made it through the door, Charlie was asking a million questions that only made Dean’s head spin faster. The girl talked a million miles per hour on a normal day, so when she was worried, that frantic tone in her voice made her words come flying out of her mouth even faster. “What the hell happened?” she eventually settled on, effectively glaring at Dean to make him feel small. She helped Cas get Dean into the other room with the beds and Dean all but threw himself onto the mattress before he could pass out from standing any longer. Charlie began poking and prodding at him and Dean was too disoriented to stop her. The only thing he was aware of was Cas’ hand in his own. That, and the pain.
Maybe Dean should have cared that he was past the wall with only a handgun for protection. The bullets were silver, so a skinwalker or a werewolf would be an easy kill if he happened to get attacked, but any of the other monsters lurking outside the wall were at an advantage. Though, Dean couldn’t find it in him to be that worried about it. He wanted to get his hands dirty. He wanted a fight, hand to hand combat. He couldn’t hit John, so he at least wanted to hit
"I can take care of myself," he answered weakly.
Dean swallowed slowly, leaning back on his hands, staring up at his angel. "I wasn't leaving you," Dean confessed, heart still thumping wildly. He knew he could calm himself again if he just looked away, maybe stared at his shoes or something instead. But Cas' eyes held him captive, unable to move an inch. "H-He used to," Dean found himself elaborating, the words stumbling messily out of his mouth. "Control me, I mean. He told me what to do, made me basically raise Sammy, wouldn't let me talk about mom, wouldn't let me date. . . well, anyone really. I wasn't my own person. I was his blunt instrument." He had no idea why he was telling Cas all of this. Maybe it was the look in his eyes. It made Dean feel safe. Safe enough to spill everything, every little secret. His eyes were understanding, sympathetic, and he was really listening to Dean. "I don't want to be that, Cas. I don't want to be angry, and destructive, and broken," he continued, his voice breaking. He knew if he kept talking, he was going to cry. He hated crying. He hadn't cried since the beginning of the apocalypse. After a couple months of taking care of Sam and fighting off the undead, Dean was desensitized to death and the feeling of loneliness that trapped him at night as he tried to sleep. He felt it, but he didn't cry. This was the closest he had been to crying since then.
“We gotta talk,” Dean said, giving Eileen a small smile. “Sorry, I need to borrow your boyfriend for a minute,” he added, because why would he pass up on an opportunity to embarrass Sammy, just a little?
“I didn’t torture anyone,” Crowley said, ignoring Cas’ shocked expression. “That is how she was given to me. I torture souls, not people.” Dean was more than confused, but he kept an open mind. He still somehow thought his father was involved, so maybe Crowley could be telling the truth. Then again, he was a demon, so probably not.
“It doesn’t matter who’s fault it is, Sam,” Dean answered, to avoid the pity. Dean would blame himself no matter what. “I just need to find him. The last time I saw him. . .” he trailed off, remembering how worried Cas was for Dean’s safety. He had told Dean he loved him and Dean brushed him off. Cas knew Dean loved him, sure, but he still didn’t say it back. “Look, just move out of my way so I can find him.”
“You want his soul and we’re the only ones who can give it to you,” Dean barked, annoyed by the stupid game Crowley was trying to play. They didn’t have time for this. People’s lives were in danger. “If anything happens to our friends because you think this is some kind of game, I’ll kill you and then I’ll kill John myself.” Crowley didn’t have to know that Dean was bluffing. He could never kill his own father with his own hands, even if John was a murderer who made Dean’s life hell growing up. He was the reason for all of Dean’s trauma, all the self hatred, the wanting to give up on himself. John deserved what was coming to him, but Dean could never do it himself.
Cas nodded, his eyes staring back into Dean’s in a way that made him shift uncomfortably in his chair, even in so little light. “Yes, Dean. That works for us.”
Dean fumbled around until he found the blanket, discarded on the ground, and laid it flat in the grass. When he turned back to Cas, the angel had already taken off his shirt and was working on his pants. Dean watched, unable to tear his eyes away from the beautiful man in front of him. “Lay down,” Cas told him, voice low and firm. Dean did just that, lowering himself onto the blanket as Cas towered over him. As Cas dragged his jeans down his legs, Dean sat up on his elbows and watched him carefully, his mouth watering. He wanted to do so many things to him, it was driving him absolutely crazy. “Dean,” Cas said, dropping to his knees, slotting himself between Dean’s legs.
." His eyes were pricking with tears but he held back the urge to let them out, gripping the edge of the table until his knuckles turned white. "I was seventeen then. I've had years to get over it. And now I finally. . . I have something that makes me-"
As he worked out calculus problems in his notebook, he heard the usual hoard of jocks filter through the door, cursing and shoving each other, being annoying as usual. Cas tuned them out, focused on distracting himself so he didn't have a panic attack in the middle of class. For a few seconds, it worked. Until someone grabbed the notebook out from under his hand, dragging a line of ink across his homework page. Cas reached for it on instinct, but the other guy was faster.
Crowley seemed interested now, narrowing his eyes. “If he were to break his end of the deal, his soul would be mine.” As he said it, realization settled on his face. “You would not be at fault if that happened.”
"I can't believe you," Dean sighed, glancing at Sam in time to see his little brother chuckle. Dean rolled his eyes and relaxed back into his chair. "Well, I guess it's all out in the open now. Obviously, you can't tell anyone. If dad finds out-"
“Because,” Dean sighed, his free hand gripping the edge of the chair as he forced himself to tell Cas. “I couldn’t punch my dad.” Cas didn’t say anything, so the silence settled again. Cas carefully pulled Dean’s hand closer, pressing his lips to the back of Dean’s hand, a kiss for each of his bruised knuckles. Dean watched, his chest tight and his eyes burning. “I really don’t deserve you,” he blurted out.
“If angels are real, then that means God is too,” Sam realized, the dark circles under his eyes making him look like a completely different person. I hadn’t looked at him much in the light, but with the candles lighting up his skin, it was much more visible. “Why hasn’t he done anything?”
You, Dean thought.
“Okay,” Charlie agreed, examining Dean’s injured arm carefully after walking around to the opposite side of the bed. She carefully helped his arm back into the sling before making him sit up and swallow down some pills to help with the pain. “I’ll let Cas know you and Kaia are both okay.”
“I’ll see you soon,” Dean replied, returning the smile to tell her he was fine. He could do this, just like she said.
“Yeah,” Dean grumbled, turning to look at Sam once more before separating from him. “Take Jo with you,” Dean told him, waiting until Sam nodded before setting off with John, despite the sinking feeling in his chest. At least Claire would be with Bobby and Jody, so Dean knew she was safe. As long as Sam kept an eye on Jo, things would be fine. Dean only had to worry about himself.
Cas' mouth was suddenly on him again, hot and wet and unrelenting. Dean was unraveling under his touch, somehow melting even deeper into the mattress as Cas took his sweet time tasting Dean, clearly enjoying it from the sounds of his soft moans coming from deep in his throat. Dean couldn’t even find it in him to ask for more, because Cas was giving so much already. Suddenly, Cas pulled away with an obscene, wet noise as Dean’s hips collapsed to the mattress. He hadn’t even realized how much he was moaning until he had to catch his breath as Cas’ weight dipped off the bed.
"John," she greeted, her smile warming up a little. "What's the occasion?" She opened the door even further, inviting them in without actually saying anything. John took that as his cue and walked through the door, the others following close behind until they were all inside and the woman had shut the door before rushing around them to stand in front of the five of them. "Bobby just sat down for his morning coffee, if you boys want anything?"
“You want to find other survivors?” Cas asked, confused. “You mentioned you don’t trust other people easily. Me being the exception, I assume. Why would you want to purposely find others?” He spoke with such a serious tone, sometimes Dean could only stare at him strangely, wondering what freaking planet this guy was from. He had to remind himself Cas just only became human, that this dude was literally an angel from heaven.
Dean had a clear view of John’s back from where he hid behind a large tree and some overgrown brush. Sam was a few feet away, trying hard to blend in with his freakishly tall self. At first, Dean was a little confused as to what was going on. John, Ketch, and Martin were all standing in a circle, not talking or going anywhere. They weren’t on a hunt, they weren’t patrolling, and there was no King of Hell.
“You got hit pretty hard last night,” Dean defended himself, finally meeting Cas’ eyes before he did something stupid, like grab Cas’ hand, or worse. “I was just worried about you, that’s all.” That was the reason at first, until Dean noticed how beautiful he looked asleep in Dean’s bed, but he would never admit that out loud to anyone. To cover himself, he cleared his throat and got up from the bed, stepping a good distance away.
“Yeah,” Dean answered, his voice cracking as it was barely above a whisper. “It’s me, Cas,” he continued, still running his fingers through his dark hair. Cas mumbled something under his breath, craning his neck up to lean into Dean’s touch. “I’m sorry it took me so long. . .” he breathed, shaking his head at himself. He was already losing it. “I’m sorry it took me until now to say it. . . Cas, I’m so sorry.” The words were barely making it out of his throat, each one felt like it was getting swallowed back down. Dean had to force it out, even if Cas wasn’t really awake enough to really hear him. Cas deserved the truth.
"You're not responsible for what happens to me," Cas cut him off. Dean looked at him with curious eyes, wondering what was going through the angel's head. "I appreciate you taking us in, but I'm not just going to sit around while you and your brother risk your lives for us. I'm going with you tomorrow. There's nothing you can do to stop me." It was the first time Dean saw Cas really stand up for himself, which was a good thing despite the fact that he was arguing against Dean. Cas needed to have that kind of strength to get by in this shitty world.
He decided to drive a little longer, just because he still didn’t think he’d be able to sleep unless he tried harder to find them. Just as he thought he should give up, something caught his eye. The faintest light coming from a window of a house. It almost looked like a candle, which Dean had put into Cas’ bag in case they needed extra light.
"Hey, I would never cheat!" Cas shot back, offended by the accusation.
She nodded slowly, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth nervously. Dean didn't know how to make her feel better, especially since he had never been good with emotions himself. He used to try to make Sam feel better after a rough day at school, or when Sam was worried about him after a hunt, but he was hardly successful. He never knew the right thing to say and that still hadn't changed.
Today was different. When Dean woke up, there was no scratching at the doors. There were no sounds of bones crunching as the undead had their breakfast right outside where he slept. It was silent, for the first time in years. Dean sat up, rubbing his eyes as he looked around the dark room. The bunker didn’t have windows and the generators had stopped working a few years before, so the only light they ever got came from candles, which they burned only when they needed to in order to conserve their resources.
Sam was dying of silent laughter from his chair and if he hadn’t been weak and sick, Dean would have smacked him in the back of the head. “I like these guys,” Sam mumbled through his laughter.
Desperately hoping she wasn’t saying what Dean thought she was, he looked to Jo for the full story. Jo shook her head with a sad look on her face, her eyes watering. “He came in here looking for Charlie. He took my weapon first so I couldn’t defend them. When they grabbed Charlie, Cas told them to take him instead.”
“Leave?” Sam responded, quickly. Dean couldn’t tell if he liked the idea or not. There wasn’t enough light to interpret the look on his brother’s face, so he gave Sam another minute of silence to see if he had anything else to say. “I don’t know, Dean, we’re safe down here. I mean, hell, you just took down a nest. That’s evidence enough for us to stay here, right?”
Dean chuckled, ducking to avoid a low branch as the leaves and twigs crunched under their heavy boots. "I spent ten years with no one but my kid brother to talk to," he teased, bumping into her shoulder lightly as they walked side by side. "It takes a lot to scare me off," he promised. "Jack's done nothing but ask questions since I met the kid. Cas is horrible at board games, yet he's the only one who will ever play with me. The guy makes me read books to him when he can't sleep. I'd say I'm pretty tough if I can handle those three."
The next chapter (chapter 11) will be up soon, as I mentioned I might post along with this one. It'll be tomorrow or the next day :)
“It’s not crazy,” Cas whispered, suddenly inches from Dean’s lip, his breath hot against Dean’s skin. Cas brought a hand to Dean’s cheek, running his thumb carefully over the days worth of stubble. Dean waited a moment to see if Cas had anything left to say, but the way he was staring into Dean’s eyes was answer enough. Dean was the one to close the distance, pulling Cas in with a hand wrapped around that stupid tie. It was like Cas had been expecting it, no moment of hesitation, no awkward pause before he kissed back. Those strong hands of his were planted on Dean’s chest, tugging at the t-shirt Cas helped him into this morning. If Dean was dizzy before, it was much worse now. But he wouldn’t stop this for anything.
However, this time, he just decided to go with it. "You know what, Jo, I
"How-" he started, cut off by a fit of coughing from how dry his throat was. Cas offered him a sip of water, which Dean graciously accepted. He took a deep breath before continuing with, "how long was I out?"
Bobby looked like he had more to say, but his eyes lingered somewhere behind Dean as he clamped his mouth shut, crossing his arms over his chest. Dean raised an eyebrow in question, but turned around to find why it had become so quiet. John was on his way over, headed straight for Dean.
“He’s not much of a conversationalist,” Cas deadpanned. Dean thought it was a joke at first, but Cas didn’t crack even the smallest of smiles. He decided to just let that one go because he didn’t want to get into religion anyways. They walked the last ten minutes in silence. When they reached the bunker, Dean could see his guests were impressed. “This place looks secure,” Cas observed.
Cas smiled softly, his fingers grazing Dean's knee for a moment until he gestured for Dean to scoot over, giving enough space for Cas to sit next to him in the bed. For a few minutes, they sat in silence, but it was comfortable. Dean thought he might be happy just being in Castiel's presence for the next few hours, as long as they stayed like this, side by side, their shoulders pressed together casually. Cas suddenly said something, but Dean had zoned out, focused in on the weight of Cas' body next to his.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, burying his face in Dean’s neck as he came a few seconds after Dean, eventually collapsing on top of him with a content sigh. He slipped his hand out from between Dean and the mattress, running his other hand through Dean’s hair.
"I've been ready," Dean grumbled. He was in for a long few weeks.
Cas rolled his eyes, but Dean kissed him before he could come up with a witty response. "That was a good distraction," Cas mumbled against Dean's lips, making Dean laugh and pull away, instead pressing his lips to Castiel's forehead.
“Cas, let him in!” Jack called from inside. Cas sighed, hesitating for a moment longer before moving away from the door to let Dean into the house. The door shut behind them and Jack threw himself at Dean as soon as he saw him, hugging him the same way he did this morning. “I never thought I’d see you again,” Jack mumbled, pulling away quickly as if remembering Cas’ warning about personal space. “You were worried about us? That’s so nice.”
“It’s fine,” Sam said for him, waving Cas off. “We have plenty for the next month. You guys need it more than we do right now.” Dean was surprised Sam was on the same page as him about this, but he wasn’t going to say anything about it. Sam had always been the more understanding of the two. When Dean made the rule to never speak to strangers, Sam tried to object. He countered with an argument that not all people were evil and trying to kill them. It only took one experience, one stupid asshole who pulled a gun on Sam, and Dean put his foot down. Sam, the one who had a gun pointed at him, tried to reason that some people were still good. Dean didn't believe it. Not until now, at least. Even now, though, they didn't know Cas. He could have been lying about the whole angel thing. He could have secretly been plotting their death. Dean really doubted that, but he couldn't help the way his head worked.
"He's my old man," Dean answered, watching the look of shock on Charlie's face grow even more. This girl was a walking billboard for over dramatic reactions. Dean found her pretty comical though. "My brother and I happened to run into one of your people, Jody. She brought us here. Kind of a miracle we found him, if you ask me. After ten years, we thought he was dead for sure."
“No, you wanted nothing to do with me after you found out about me,” Dean growled. He was tired of the lies. Tired of John pretending his years of abuse never happened. “And if you don’t tell me where Cas is
Charlie’s face was red as if she had been crying. When she met Dean’s eyes, her eyes filled with tears again and she began sobbing, dragging her knees to her chest. “Dean, I’m so sorry!” she cried, shaking her head. “I tried to stop him!”
Dean woke up earlier than normal, the sun just beginning to rise outside through the window of the medical building. He had managed to catch at least two hours of sleep, but he couldn't force himself back to bed if he tried. His arm was aching far more than usual, his neck stiff, and his back felt like it had been twisted in about ten different directions. He could hear Kaia's shallow breathing from the bed next to his own, so he knew she was still alive at least. He had no idea how bad the damage was. When he found her last night, it was too dark to tell for sure and he was a little out of it on top of that. He carefully readjusted himself to sit up against the wall, the pillow behind his aching back as he looked over at Kaia.
Dean cut through the rope, keeping an arm around Cas to keep him upright. The hellhounds were closing in, their growling so loud it felt like they were drooling over Dean's shoulder. He needed to move faster, but it felt like his arms were filled with sand. Everything felt heavy. He was exhausted. He was doing as much as he could with what strength he had left. He finally got Cas free and had just enough time to haul him up onto his shoulder before the hellhounds started snapping at his heels. He took off at a run, unsure where he was even planning on taking Cas. He couldn't take him into the safety of the wall because he needed to summon Crowley to call off the hellhounds. There was no telling what the limits to the wall ever were. Maybe the hellhounds were strong enough to get past it and then they'd all be screwed.
“Telling Cas what?” Charlie pressed, finishing up the bandaging before helping his arm back into the sling. Apparently that was all that needed to be done, but it was already helping with the bleeding. “What could you have to tell him that’s more important than you bleeding out?” God, she had no idea. Dean knew his arm was fucked last night, but telling Cas how sorry he was was his top priority.
“I’m here now,” Dean said with a long exhale, the guilt settling back deep in his gut. Cas must have been waiting for him to return home all night. What if he was still sitting in bed, wide awake, just waiting for Dean to get back? Dean hated thinking that Cas was suffering all because of him. “I’ll stay with her tonight,” Dean found himself offering. Despite knowing Cas was probably up waiting for him, he wasn’t ready to face him yet. He didn’t want to talk about what he was feeling, or what had happened with John earlier.
“We switched our days with other people,” Charlie explained, an excited grin on her face. Dean couldn’t be mad at her when she looked that happy to see them. “So now we can hang out. We still haven’t rescheduled our double date and Jo and I agreed you wouldn’t go unless we randomly showed up and forced you out of the house.” She wasn’t wrong, but Dean wasn’t happy about it. He was really looking forward to that alone time with Cas.
Cas didn’t move, his eyes lingering on John like he was about to beat the shit out of him. Dean would have let him if he thought Cas could fight John off, but Dean had been on the receiving end of John’s fist before and it wasn’t pretty.
“Oh, thank you,” Cas replied, setting the clothes on the bed as he immediately began to strip his clothes off. Dean’s eyes widened in surprise, the heat creeping up his neck as he told himself to look away, but he couldn’t. He watched Cas’ back muscles move as he dressed himself. Shifting uncomfortably on his feet, Dean tried to think of something else to say, so it wasn’t so awkward. Cas turned around before Dean could think of anything, holding his suit and trench coat in his arms. “Uh, I appreciate this, Dean,” he said, an endearing look on his face.
After they cleaned up, they met Sam, Eileen, and Jack outside on the porch. Sam gave them a dirty look, but there was a hint of amusement behind his disgusted eyes. "I met the new guys," Sam said as they started walking down the block to the kitchen. "Charlie was already talking their ears off."
Cas went back to sitting on the bed, his hands on his thighs as he looked at Dean. "It's fine, Dean. We can just forget about it." He didn't seem angry anymore. He hadn't seemed angry since that look he gave Dean at dinner, but there was still something bothering him. Something caused by Dean, which meant he needed to make it right.
Dean shook his head, poking his fork around his food as he tried to figure out how he wanted to bring this up. “This involves all four of us,” he explained, which really made Sam curious, his eyes widening slightly as he stared at Dean impatiently. Dean sighed, deciding to just get it over with. Either Sam would agree, or he would shoot it down and they would just stay in the bunker. “I was thinking we could leave the bunker. Things outside have settled down, the supplies around here are running dry, and we could use a place with more space, more light, and I don’t know, maybe more people.”
“Three weeks until the next sacrifice,” Dean provided.
"Cas, I don't know if you can hear me, but you're gonna be fine," he promised, laying the angel on the cushions as he remained unconscious. Dean tried not to spend too much time fussing over him while the hellhounds were still out there. He made sure Cas was laying down with his head propped up to keep the blood from choking him to death before leaning over him to kiss his hair. "I'll take care of this."
“That was awesome,” Jo laughed, grabbing the front of Dean’s shirt to pull him against her, crashing their lips together without warning. Dean was shocked at first, so he didn’t move, but then he gained back his senses and gently pushed her away, putting a good amount of space between them.
He thought Kaia was sound asleep, from the way she looked at least. Her eyes were closed, arms wrapped around herself the same way they were when Dean found her. From the way she breathed, Dean could tell she was in a lot of pain, but he still didn't expect her to say anything.
“Sounds like my brother is a real hero,” Sam chuckled after Jack finished rambling, glancing across the table at Dean. “I’m really glad he brought you guys back here. I was getting kind of tired of his company,” he teased. Company was one way to put it. For ten years, they only had each other. There was only so much they could do, or talk about. They played the same card games over and over, made up games and crosswords, talked about what they would do if the world ever went back to normal, told stories, read books, whatever they could do to pass the time.
Dean really didn't want to get into all of the details, but Jo already knew most of it anyways, so he didn't really see the harm in telling her. "I was hoping to sneak off in the Impala later tonight as long as John's not around," he admitted. The good thing about this place, despite his dad being a hardass, the gates around this place weren't really guarded.
"Guys!" Charlie yelled as Jo continued through the main room towards one of the side rooms, without even glancing at the other two. "You're going to have to leave for work soon!" Charlie added.
"What about Cas?" he asked instead, changing the subject to another thing Dean really didn't want to talk about. Dean looked at him nervously, his cheeks red. Sam raised an eyebrow. "You seem happy when you're with him."
"Come on," Dean said, trying to cover up his smile as Cas winked at him. "I'll show you around."
“Claire,” Dean warned, finally getting her to look at him. She trusted him the most, so her attitude seemed to soften a little as Dean stared at her sternly. “I’ll talk to John tonight, okay? If he knows anything, I’ll pry it out of him.” This seemed to make her feel better because she started to relax, her shoulders slumping guiltily as she glanced at Cas, then back to Dean. “So no more snapping at people who are trying to help, okay?” he added, raising his eyebrows while he waited for an answer, or an acknowledgement that she understood him at least.
Dean opened his mouth the reply, his hands shaking as he reached up to take John’s hand off of him. Before he could speak, the door to the back room flew open and John and Dean both snapped their heads up to find Castiel standing there, his eyes dark and his hands in fists at his side. “Dean-” he started, voice low and threatening.
Dean sat up straight, rubbing a nervous hand over his chin as he shook his head. “I’ve been trying to figure that out,” he admitted easily. “Any ideas?”
“I wish I could help,” Dean replied, following her gaze to Cas and Charlie as they laughed about something Charlie had said. Dean smiled to himself, watching Cas for a few more seconds before glancing at Jo again. “I’m still trying to figure that out myself.”
"I want to be better," Dean mumbled, closing his eyes, leaning into Cas' hand. "I want-"
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas breathed, just as Dean opened his eyes to watch Cas wrap his lips around Dean’s cock.
"I guess. . . I've mentioned my mom before, but I never told you about my dad when she was still around," Dean began, starting with something easy. Memories that didn't send him spiraling into a panic attack. They were only painful because Dean missed the person John used to be, but they were still good memories. "He used to be- I don't know what you would call it- but he was different with my mom. He was kinder, more caring. My mom died when Sam was only a baby, so the only father he's ever known is the broken, angry, harsh man who raised us as hunters."
All throughout their meal, Dean kept his eyes to his food, and nowhere else. Besides the occasional glance at Charlie when she spoke to him directly, he wanted to make sure he wouldn't look at Cas. He was formulating some kind of apology in his head. Something he could say to Cas when they got home to make this all go away. He couldn't handle going much longer without Cas talking to him. It would drive him absolutely crazy. So while he ate his food, and sometimes talked to Charlie, he came up with what to say to the angel when they got home. He played the conversation over in his head multiple ways, preparing for all the different ways Cas could react to his apology.
"Our new neighbor is waiting in the living room with Jack, so go out there and introduce yourself once you're decent," Dean told him, stepping back out into the hall. "I'm gonna get Cas and then meet you in there," he added, waiting for Sam to acknowledge him with a nod before closing the door to give him privacy to change. Dean took a deep breath, preparing himself to face Cas as he took slow steps down to the end of the hallway. He knocked lightly a couple times, waiting for Cas to open the door. When the door didn't open, Dean knocked again, harder this time. "Cas, come on man, open the door," he called, sighing heavily when he heard shuffling from inside the room. Dean figured he would wait a few more seconds before just barging in, but luckily, he didn't have to.
"Dean," Cas said quietly, but not exactly enough to keep Jack and Sam from hearing. "Are you coming with me to work today?" he wondered. Dean didn't see why he wouldn't, considering they had been going together for the past few days. Maybe Cas wanted a repeat of yesterday, fooling around in the back room before John showed up and killed the mood.
. Dean was overwhelmed with how much he loved Cas like this, letting him see Dean at his most vulnerable. He had never trusted anyone this much. Never loved anyone like he loved Cas.
The woman moved in a little closer, just enough for Dean to see her features a little clearer. "The name's Charlie Bradbury," she introduced, holding out a small hand for Dean to shake. Dean obliged, taking her hand in his for a few seconds before letting it go.
John shoved his hands in his pockets, looking between the four of them as if he was just now deciding. "Castiel was requested by one of our medical personnel," he started, eyes on Cas with a rather uncaring expression on his face. "I doubt you have medical experience, but she'll teach you everything she knows. You'll basically be an assistant. It's not hard," he explained. Cas didn't say anything, only nodded his head as a reply. "And Jack- wait, how old are you kid?" he asked.
"Cas, hey," Dean exhaled, kneeling down beside him with an unavoidable smile. "You're okay?"
Cas was quiet for a moment, making Dean glance at him. He looked like he was deep in thought, so Dean gave him time to gather his thoughts. "It started with God's absence," he finally spoke, staring at the wall in front of him, hands in his lap. Dean watched him carefully, listening to every word. "The archangels were fighting over who would take over in our father's absence. Michael thought he should rule, while Raphael thought he should be the one to give Heaven's orders. The archangel Gabriel had disappeared, and no one has yet to hear from him to my knowledge. Heaven was chaotic when this all began."
"You rang?" He shoved his hands in his pockets, as if this were just some routine stop for him on his busy schedule. He acted as if this were a normal day, just some minor inconvenience. "Your angel's looking a bit rough," he added, glancing down at Cas with a slight wince.
"Great," Dean answered, taking her bags to pass off to someone else behind him. Cas was suddenly sliding out of the driver's seat of the truck, a smile lighting up as he found his place at Dean's side. "You met the new guys?" Dean wondered, hugging Cas' shoulders with a kiss to the angel's temple.
"I tried," Cas mumbled, pulling the blanket up to his chin with a small sigh. "I can't seem to fall asleep." Before Dean could answer, Cas continued with, "why are you in here? I thought Sam was still home."
“That guy looked like a dick,” Sam offered, as if that would help Dean feel better about the situation. Dean did huff a small laugh, because yeah, Crowley did look like a dick. Mostly because he
, Cas,” Dean mumbled into the angel’s mouth, throwing his head back as Cas pulled away, attaching his lips to Dean’s neck instead. Dean blinked a few times, making sure this wasn’t some kind of dream, because it sure as hell didn’t feel real. “Are you sure you want to do this here?” Dean found himself asking, his voice wavering as Cas somehow unhooked the button on Dean’s pants, shoving them as far as they would go past Dean’s thighs.
Today was another routine supply run, just like the past two months. Dean scarfed down his breakfast that Jack worked so hard on this morning, drank half a bottle of water, and started gearing up for the run. Cas had eaten his breakfast outside with Jack, the two of them sitting together on the rusty porch swing. Sam was with them too, leaning against the wooden railing that looked moments from snapping under his weight. Dean appreciated how comfortable they all were now, but he didn't particularly feel like conversating this morning. He didn't get much sleep last night. Every sound he heard from outside reminded him of the monsters out there waiting to rip their flesh off. He laid awake all night, torn between listening to the imaginary sounds, or Cas' soft snores from beside him.
"You never went into much detail about how you boys met," Ellen pushed, clearly desperate to get off the topic of cars.
"Let's finish this packet and we can work on the model tomorrow," Dean suggested, in response to Cas beating himself up for wasting the day. "It's not like I have any other plans, Cas. I want to be here." The last part made Cas raise his eyebrows, looking at Dean in confusion as the other boy just shrugged, like he actually meant it. Dean didn't say anything else, or take it back. Instead, he just put the packet back in Cas' hands, along with the pen he was using. "Come on, let's knock this out."
Dean searches for some answers
For a moment, John didn’t say anything. Dean thought he might ignore the comment, but then he came to a sudden stop and whipped around to face Dean, his eyebrows drawn together with a frown set on his face. “Is this about that girl? I told you, she just left. I don’t know what-”
Dean sighed, slowly making his way down the hallway to Sam's room. He knocked on the door and waited a few seconds before barging in, eyes landing on Sam sitting in the middle of his large bed, a book in his hands, wide awake. "Jack said you were sleeping," Dean yawned, still waking himself up as he stared curiously at his brother. Sam looked up from his book, raising his eyebrows. "Dinner time," Dean elaborated.
Dean gave up on trying to stop blushing, even after five years of being with Cas, because the guy was constantly making Dean's face hot. Just the right look from him would send Dean over the edge. "I'll make the tour quick," Dean promised, leaning in to kiss Cas briefly. Cas grinned as he waved goodbye, disappearing to talk to Claire as Dean turned back to the new guys. "Alright, this way!"
"Would you consider keeping the spell up as part of our deal?" Dean asked in an accusing tone. He didn't think Crowley would be willing to give more than Cas' life in return for one soul, so he didn't ask.
"I don't know," Cas admitted, slightly shrugging his shoulders. "I still don't understand how he managed it, but he did. It was a gradual loss, but we got weaker and weaker every day, until eventually, our power had run out."
’ but he held his tongue, instead settling on a polite, “Me too.” And then as John opened the door, “I guess I’ll see you later.” As John left, Dean shut the door a little too hard behind him, leaning up against it as he let out a long, shaky breath. Before he even realized he was crying, two arms wrapped around his waist, pulling him away from the cold door. The warmth was definitely welcome and Cas’ strong body pressed against his back, grounded him, reminded him that he was safe in those arms. But it wasn’t enough. He wanted to be closer.
"You boys wait here," Jody announced, taking a step up onto the porch. "There's someone who will want to see you." She disappeared into the house, leaving the four of them standing out on the sidewalk under the watch of Ketch and Garth, one of which did not look intimidating at all. Dean ignored both of them in favor of turning towards his brother, giving Sam a "are you sure about this" kind of look. Sam shrugged, not really giving Dean the answer he was looking for. The longer they waited, the more anxious Dean grew. What if he just led them into some kind of trap? He shoved his hands in his pockets, ignoring Cas' judgmental looks, asking Dean what was wrong without any words.
Everyone laughed, even Cas, who hardly ever smiled. The conversation continued like that, jokes and teasing, light hearted talk about people around the neighborhood, and happy memories of Sam and Dean's childhood. Dean found himself smiling and laughing more than he had in ten years. It felt good to be around family again, new and old. John wasn't as into the conversation as the others, but he did contribute a few times. Eventually, Bobby and Ellen had to get to their jobs and John wanted to continue the tour, so they said their goodbyes before heading out.
“You’re beautiful,” Cas told him, like he usually did when they were intimate like this. It always made Dean blush. Cas was the only person to ever say that about Dean and mean it. Dean smiled softly, opening his eyes to see Cas watching him, admiring him. “Thank you, Dean,” he said, leaning over top of Dean to kiss him wherever he could reach. Dean’s neck, collar bone, chest, and face were peppered with light, gentle kisses as Cas continued to graze tender hands over Dean’s thighs and his hips.
