?!” He turns to Tony waiting for proof, Tony nods. Steve looks like a disgruntled pelican looking back and forth again. “You two know each other?”
The next hour they work on their projects, sometimes they turn their laptop screen and comment. Very civilized.
Tony knows he doesn’t shut up whole watching movies, his running commentary is just something you get used to after time. It’s no surprise that he talks for most of the movie. He points out plot holes, stupid diologue, or just plain bad plot. He’s currently going on about how this movie is not scientifically possible when it happens.
. The demographic of the bar were all students who were trying to forget the stress of classes. As soon as Rhodey and Tony were entering, two boys were leaving. Two very, cute boys. The first one was Tony’s type to a T. His head was thrown back, laughing boisterously. Tall, check. Blond hair, check. Gorgeous smile, check. What else could a guy want?
Tony grumbles and quietly murmurs, “I'm an idiot sandwich.” Rhodey looks at him while he is biting into his sandwich. “You okay?”
“Oh,” Steve says, “happy to fulfill your life long goal.” Steve’s never thought about it from a customers point of view, of how being a regular at a coffee shop is different for them. He didn’t know people would try to be regulars.
Although as soon as Tony had read the script he knew he wanted to work on this project. It was a coming of age film, loosely based on the director's life. Two twenty year old males living in New York. The movie is Phil Coulson’s baby, it’s about finding your identity, changing your destiny. As soon as Tony read the script he immediately called his agent. He had worked with Coulson a couple of times, and had got an audition for the role of Polo. Polo had just got out of a bad relationship, struggling financially and was questioning his sexuality. These three components Tony could see in himself.
“That is not what you should be getting out of this. Just don’t make your passwords so obvious, IronMan123, really?”
Later, when people are leaving Tony notices that the house is surprisingly not that dirty. Ever since Tony got the position of president, he has gotten the brother to clean up after themselves more frequently, but more often than not the house is still a mess.
As October goes on, the group projects pile up. He discovers that he and Rogers make a good team when they are not at each other’s throats. It’s funny, in class they are all civilized but as soon as they see each other at a party, it’s on sight. He has gotten into many screaming matches with Rogers, all forgotten by the next morning because of his hangovers.
Oh, how a difference a month makes.  If it was October, Tony easily would have marched up to Steve, then proceeded to yell at him. If it was November, he would simply just turn his eyes anywhere else. Now it’s December, Tony simply just nods and shyly smiles. Steve lifts up his beer.
“I was talking! You can’t post that,” he says, shocked. Tony grabs the phone out of Steve’s hands then the camera is going off again. Now it’s Tony’s turn to smirk at Steve, catching the photo the exact moment Steve is talking to Tony.
As the coffee finished, Steve poured it into a cup then walked to where Tony was sitting. Tony pulled the seat next to him out, and indicated for Steve to sit there.
Rhodey forces Tony to go to a party, clearly Tony’s excuses to not attend were not working. As they enter, he glances around the room, unsure of what he is looking for. Halfway through his look over the room, he spots Steve. Who is in a conversation with a dude wearing a football jersey and Bucky.
“We have spent so long perfecting everything, and I just don’t want to mess this up,” Steve says. “I want this scene to be perfect.”
Steve looked at him through his eyelashes and took a step closer to Tony. “Hi serious, let’s fuck.” As he grasped Tony’s hand and intertwined their hands together.
When their professor reveals that the highest mark in the class is a tie between two students, Steve and Tony immediately turn to each other. He’s nervous. He knows his presentation was good, but Steve’s was great. He doesn’t even care if the highest mark was him. As the paper gets handed to all the students, he begins to drum his fingers against the chair.
Now, Steve is not about to give his recipe away. But this guy is crazy good-looking. He somehow manages to make messy, straight out of bed hair look really nice. The cute guy looks up from where he’s taking a sip.
“Tony Stark,” the professor calls out, as she reads off a paper, “Would you like to share with the class what you are discussing while my presentation?”
“You know the rest. She’s carried too much crap for far too long, and then she jumped right into helping you because darling, I love the shit out of you, but you were a fucking mess and I wasn’t much better. And Toni just…”
“Maybe,” Tony says, pulls his arms free. “But I’m not the only one who’s predictable here, Rogers. You’re missing the big picture, as usual.”
It’s rage and pain. Grief and soul-numbing despair. It’s standing in the rain beside a fresh-dug grave. It’s landing rough and hard outside the medical facility because he’s crying too hard, shaking with fury too hard, to see straight.
He smiles. It isn’t much of a smile, just a twitch upwards of the corner of his mouth, but it may as well be the Grand Canyon of happy expressions compared to what was on his face before. “My name is Bucky.”
His bagel pops in the toaster, but he ignores it in favor of looping his arms around her shoulders and kissing her forehead. The bond between them hums with contentment. “I’ll muddle along somehow, I suppose,” he replies with a smile. “Will you have time for lunch, do you think?”
“I’m very sorry, JARVIS,” she says. “I was pretty unappreciative of you this week. I’ll try to be more considerate in the future.”
I give no fucks how hot you are.’” Bucky grins at the memory as Steve laughs, and tips his chair back on two legs. “She called me James for weeks. Felt like I was back in school and I'd just pissed off one of the nuns.”
fucking industry I have the whim to dabble in within a week! You don’t get to tell me what’s not possible! Get this through your
on Clint’s face registers: smooth as stone, strange and distant. He jerks back, rises halfway out of his chair, suddenly certain something’s happened to Toni, because Clint wouldn’t look like that unless something is terribly wrong. “Clint, is Toni--”
Sparks fly above her head and the door protests with a violent screech as a metal fist punches in, right where her skull was a second ago. She yelps and fires her jets and stabilizers, shooting her out of the way of her attacker’s follow-up knee strike, down the hall.
Steve’s eyes flick back up to his. “Are you sure I’m back to myself?” he asks, and there’s a moment of sheer panic at the thought that maybe Tony screwed something up when he was inside Steve’s head, because there’s no chance in hell normal Steve would sound that innocent with that gleam of interest in his eyes. He’s not
Tony leans forward, digs his wallet out of his back pocket, and thumbs open the billfold. “I have thirty-seven dollars cash,” he says after a quick tally. “And I'm here because Steve is a Hydra agent, and I figured out of everyone I know, you'd be the first one who might have noticed something was a little off about him.”
He says nothing, continues staring at his hands until Toni’s almost convinced he’s become a statue. She sighs, closes her eyes, rests her head back against the wall.
“Thank you,” Tricia says, and sits back down. Toni honestly can’t wait to read that article, makes a mental note to buy a dozen copies as soon as the magazine goes to print. Doesn’t even care that Pepper’s threatening violent dismemberment in her ear, as she selects a reporter at random and takes the last question of the day
“Okay,” he says, and pushes his hands through his hair. His voice is shaking just a little, but Tony’s not going to be the one who mentions it. “I believe you, Stark. What do you need us to do?”
Steve laughs, and it's a sound so familiar and comforting, Tony feels warmth blossom in his chest, spreading through his whole body and draining a kind of tension he didn't even realize he's been carrying. “I don't think I'll ever be as good at sneaking around as Natasha,” Steve says with a rueful grin. “I'm sorry if I scared you. Wasn't my intention. I just wasn't sure where your head was, given everything, and I was trying to be unobtrusive, give you a chance to see me first.”
near Tash’s league. “There’s no hidden agenda here, Stark,” she says. “They’re sensitive contracts. Top-clearance, eyes-only.”
“Give me a minute on that, J.” Finally, she takes her eyes off the floating screens, looks over to Coulson. “Did you have something to say to me, Agent, or are you just here to check up on my mental state? Actually, how the hell did you get here? I thought you were in New Mexico.”
Toni stares pointedly at the outstretched document until Carter drops it on the desk. Toni picks it up, and a surge of irritation rises. There are a lot of tabs sticking out of the side, indicating many pages, all of which no doubt have this tiny, tiny text. Just for a moment, she debates just signing blindly, just to get it over with, trust that Carter’s been forthcoming in what the contract entails. Then again, she can count the number of times SHIELD’s been forthcoming on one hand, and still have five fingers left over.
Toni falls in a blaze of light and flame through a maelstrom of images that flash past too fast for her to catch more than the barest of glimpses of Bucky’s wicked smile, Steve’s broad shoulders, her own glossy hair. They’re above her, below her, swirling around and around until she should be dizzy, but isn’t.
He learns that Toni is far more accepting of the flaws and mistakes of others, but holds herself to impossible standards. He learns, after the first time she disappears for two days into her workshop, that he shouldn’t take it personally, because she is powered by insomnia and caffeine, and always emerges tired and happy and carrying some new device she swears is going to revolutionize the world.
The door slides back, and she turns to watch him. Someone, probably Natasha, has tucked his useless arm up into a sling, and he’s found a change of clothes. Toni shivers at the cooler air suddenly blasting into the sauna-like shower stall. “Hi,” she says, teeth chattering. “Either get in, or wait for me to get out. You’re letting the heat escape.”
“Shit,” she says, wide-eyed as she stares at him, dragging her hands back and forth over her denim-clad thighs. “What time is it?”
at the red star that has never been anything but cold but is now angry and electric and throbbing. A spasm of her knee jolts her book, and she instinctively snatches at it, trying to snag it before it falls. It slips through her fingers. She wobbles, overcorrects, screams as she slides right off the branch and is falling head-down towards the ground, thirty feet below.
Her head has that foggy, drifting feeling that means she’s on some truly epic painkillers. She knows everything hurts, but it’s distant and dull, ruthlessly shoved and smothered under a numbing blanket of narcotics and sedatives. Her mind isn’t screaming along at warp speed, it’s crawling on its hands and knees and stopping to take power naps. It’s going to take her days to shake off the fogginess.
“You seem agitated, Tony,” he says, tone casual but words oh-so-carefully chosen to serve as his opening salvo. “Is there anything I can help with?”
life, Toni has a hard time restraining herself from punching Agent Sharon Carter in the fucking teeth.
Clint doesn’t move, so Bucky doesn't either. “I can almost guarantee that it won't be just sleep happening,” he says, leaning on the door frame with his forearm. “That sits okay with you?”
There'll be another update soon. This one got too long, so I cut it in two. The second half will be up maybe later tonight, but within a few days at the extreme.
She sags sideways, into him, under his chin, forehead and temple pressed against the warmth of his throat. “Yeah, James. I’m with you.”
The nice thing about a modern kitchen, he figures, is that he’s not waiting for one thing to finish before he makes another. The bond meal he’d made for Bucky had taken him the better part of a day on their rusty old wood stove. Toni’s meal will take only a couple of hours.
, her voice alone might be his undoing, be enough to break his shaky self-control, all lazy and throaty and practically purring.
“She’s my soulmate,” he says again, trying it out, testing the facts. He feels a little stupid with wonder.
He’s not sure if this is behaviour his therapist would call “health-oriented” or “survival-oriented”. He’s not sure he really cares about the difference right now. All he knows is that it’s helping him find some sort of path through hell, and he isn’t going to give it up any time soon.
Toni feels the blood drain from her face, and her hand comes up to clutch at her chest. She knows no one can see, but she’s suddenly aware of just how fragile her protection really is. “So what—” She stops, clears the hoarseness out of her throat, and tries again. “What are you suggesting?”
“Makes sense,” Steve agrees, and he’s back to smiling that weird, fond smile, and their blended mark pulses warm and happy.
“Enough is enough, Toni,” he says, reaching out an arm to snag her and push her back. “You’re either leaving here under your own power, or I’m going to drag you out. Kicking and screaming if I have to. You need sleep. You need food. You need a fucking shower. You need to socialize like a real goddamn person, not lock yourself away down here until you run yourself into your fucking grave.”
The door opens and a woman in white comes through with a syringe in hand. His legs push, and he launches across the room in a single jump. He shoves the woman roughly out of the way. She bounces off the door and sprawls onto the floor, crying out in shock. He doesn’t pay her any attention. He’s already past her.
JARVIS informs her quietly that a Hydra goon still unaccounted for managed to restore communications, and there are reinforcements confirmed to be on the way. Toni’s too tired to throw much of a panic fit, but it’s still not good news.
The next time he wakes, it’s slow and gentle. He opens his eyes, thoughts foggy and clouded, and lets the ceiling come into focus. His entire body hurts, and nausea churns in his gut with a mild but building urge to vomit. He groans softly, curls into himself, a palm pressed to his abdomen. He closes his eyes again, concentrating on breathing through it.
Tony slumps in his chair, massaging the bridge of his nose with one hand, and wondering if he’s got time to pop by Xavier’s mansion, or Genosha, or the Savage Land, or Attilan, or
“Oh,” Pepper says airily, “I won’t keep you. I just know you had a meeting with Toni this morning and she was in a remarkably good mood all day afterward. Best mood I’ve seen in awhile. I was calling to see if you were still alive, because for a little while there I was afraid she’d thrown you out of her office window.”
“That’s because spoiled, pampered Americans can’t handle how hard we Russians party,” Natasha says, sliding her legs under her and pressing two fingers to the inside of Toni’s wrist, head bent in concentration over the watch on her other wrist. “Not our fault you’re a wuss. Next time, go to France. I hear even their neofascist secret Nazi bases have feather mattresses and bidets.”
Bucky doesn’t think he’s fidgeted so much in his life. The three hours in the quinjet have been the longest three hours he’s ever spent. Full of nervous energy and unable to sit still, he’s lost track of the number of times he’s lapped the hold with restless pacing. His skin is itchy, humming, and while it’s not painful, it’s helping to tip him into edginess.
From the moment he wakes, he’s engulfed in chaos and cacophony. The 21st century is noisy and dissonant, with blaring horns and bright, glaring lights everywhere he turns. The air tastes different too, dense and sick, and for a couple of days he thinks his asthma might be returning.
“So don’t leave. Stay here. With us. You don’t do well on your own, and it’s going to break something in him that can’t be fixed if you leave.” Natasha takes a step towards, and her mask cracks. “It’ll break something in me too,
because if JARVIS is saying that in front of Coulson and FitzSimmons when she gave him specific orders to never mention it in front of any eagle-toting agent not Clint or Natasha, it’s infinitely worse than she could expect it to be. “--and there is a file I believe requires your immediate attention.”
Toni runs her tongue over her lips, guilt surging unpleasantly in her stomach. “I seem to be okay now, though,” she says tentatively, though how that's possible, she has no earthly idea. She looks around, squinting through the unhappy throb of her eyeballs and the dark of the room. “I mean, this is my room in the manor, so it can't be that bad, or you'd have me in the hospital.”
“I have three lawyers read to Level 5 clearance,” Toni points out. “That’s a level higher than my official clearance.”
He turns completely around, slow and careful, scanning for … anything, anything at all, that can help him out of this predicament. Off in the distance, the ruined spires of the Blue City are just barely visible, and it’s an embarrassingly long time before he realizes exactly where he is. The Blue Area. Artificially created to mimic Earthlike conditions. He’s not dying of oxygen deprivation because
he projects, and smirks broadly at the brief flare of panic that crosses Clint's face. “Don't worry, Barton,” he says aloud. “I won't tell anyone what's in your spank bank.”
“Awesome.” Clint grins faintly, bumps his fist against Bucky’s. “I will, of course,” he adds, “still kill you if you fuck it up.”
of all fucking people fuck up her designs. That happy occasion, having to fight off a small army of drone suits based on her tech, had done
There’s an uncommon tremor in his hands as he hesitantly lifts them to frame Steve’s face, tentatively brush through Steve’s hair. He’s dreamed of this, off and on from the time he was twelve and formed a desperate crush on that poster still on his wall back in the manor. He’s pushed this down time and again since they found Steve in the ice, because he’s never felt he could measure up to the kind of person Steve deserves, no matter how hard he tries.
But he knows he needs a second opinion. An unvarnished, expert witness who always sees the things no one else does.
“And yet, there you are,” Bucky says with a smirk, “still calling the man ‘boss’. Real subtle, sweetheart.”
“Well,” Clint says, leaning against the frame of his balcony doors with his arms crossed across his chest. “This is a new look for you, Tony. Something you want to share with the class?”
Carol jerks her arm free, and her eyes are huge as she takes a step back and looks him over. “So it's true,” she says accusingly, and in her voice there's a hollow note, maybe tinged with fear, sorrow, hard to tell anymore with her.
“Dammit,” she grumbles, smoothing her hands over her hair because running them through her tight french braid is out of the question. “I’m out of practice.”
She stares at him, and it hurts to see how washed-out that brilliant, sparkling blue has gotten. “I’m trying,” she says. “I’m really trying, James.”
“How much longer until we get to the mansion, J?” he asks for what has to be the thousandth time now.
“Hi boss,” she says, forcing cheer into her tone. “It seems that, with all of you away, I’m slightly under attack here at the tower. JARVIS counts eight invaders, at least. I’ve got him controlling the other suits. FitzSimmons are on lockdown in the workshop.”
There’s resistance as she descends into the lower levels, full of shouting and gunfire and the kind of energetics that she usually lives for, but just can’t dredge the fucks to give about now. Her arms are leaden, try to refuse to lift, but she keeps raising them, and the whine of her repulsors keep jolting her out of the fog settling in her thoughts.
There is more than just their shared name and shared love for Clint. There is movie night and lunch on the boardwalk and late night texting and ice cream and hours in the gym beating each other up. There is laughter and friendship. There are nights curled with Clint around Toni, because she dreams of IEDs and torture and palladium poisoning and loneliness and a nameless cold, a freezing, drowning dark, and needs the comfort of warm bodies to remind her she is alive and free and well.
She watches Bucky’s face light up with the sort of happiness that would make anyone with common sense flee as he pulls out the repulsor rig she built to clip onto his cybernetic arm. Clint actually nuzzling his new bow and counting all the different kinds of arrowheads he now has available. Natasha, testing the weight and balance of her combat knives, which Toni’s chest muscles are
She slides her foot back, letting muscle memory take over to set her body for whatever he’s going to do next. She dodges to the left as he throws a punch with his right hand, her arms automatically in motion to deflect his rising knee strike with her crossed wrists.
He shoots her a pointed look over his shoulder. “I know which one Rhodey would tell me is the smarter of the two options. So that's the one I'm hoping we can agree is the right choice.”
Peggy watches him carefully, eyebrows twisted in compassion and pain. “They said you might have some memory loss,” she says quietly, and reaches out to touch his forehead, trace her fingers down his jaw. “I thought… I thought I was prepared for ….” She looks away, swallows, closes her eyes. Turns back to him with a soft, gentle smile. “I’ll get the doctor,” she says, and kisses his forehead. “I’ll be right back. Dr. Fennhoff can explain things.”
He’s bulkier than the photos Steve’s seen, but there’s no mistaking the blue glow in the center of the chestpiece, or the bright red and gold. A cool voice with a British accent says, “I’m afraid you’re not authorized to be here. Retreat is recommended, or force will be utilized. This is your only warning.”
Steve gently cuts Tony off with a smile and an upraised palm. “Extremis rewrote it,” he says. “Carol told me. She also said the chances of you being compromised by whatever is left of the Phoenix are too great to brush off.”
Without conscious decision, she finds herself making her way down the dark, paneled hall to Howard’s office. This was his kingdom, the seat of power of his technocratic plutocracy. Toni as a child was never allowed through the doors unless summoned. It’s more than a little unsettling to learn that, at least for the time being, she is the Stark in charge of everything.
Toni actually laughs a little, faint and delighted. “Of course you’d take that as a compliment. Go bring her around to the side bay doors marked
He picks up his shield and slings it onto his back, then races for the cockpit and slides into the controls. Peggy’s voice washes over him, and he remembers how her lips tasted when she kissed him not more than fifteen minutes ago, a good luck and a goodbye that might have been something more, maybe even the person represented by his other, solitary mark, but Bucky’s gone and his heart is hollow and Steve is long past caring.
He learns their quirks, and their rules. Learns their coping mechanisms and their strange way of orbiting around each other. Learns that, as tight-knit and close as the three of them are, there is plenty of room for a fourth person. Learns that they are happy to make room for him, learn his quirks, his rules, his coping mechanisms.
Morgan shoves his hands in his pockets and rocks back on his heels. “Nah,” he says breezily. “No point in waiting. I’m moving in here as soon as possible, so I have to have the renos started immediately.” He grins and actually rubs his hands together. “I can’t wait. Neither can Mother. She thinks it’s finally time the house came to the proper side of the family.”
Near 9:30, a flying suit of armor circles the tower before hovering outside a window high off the ground. Steve tenses at the sight, thinking of the photos Fennhoff showed him, Peggy's face blasted into something unrecognizable, something that was meat and bone and not a person anymore, but doesn't order the attack. Even from this distance he can see that the coloration and side profile are wrong to be Iron Man.
“In my defense,” Steve says, pushing himself off her chestplate and pulling his cowl away from his head. “I wasn’t trying to skydive without a chute. I was trying to get back onto your boot, and--” His eyes shift to over her shoulder, widen, and his mouth snaps shut abruptly.
Pepper's arms slip around her, and her embrace is fierce. “Because one of those things you hired me to care about,” she says gently, “the ones you are incapable of caring about, is your well-being.”
Toni wants to cry in relief, but settles for sipping the water. It goes down cool and wet, and some of that terrible, cottony pressure disappears. “Then no,” she says, and already her voice sounds much better. “I’m just accident-prone, I guess. Do I even want to know how badly I fucked myself up?”
“Of course, ma’am. Captain Rogers requests that you meet him in the courtyard prior to entering the flight bay.”
He roams the corridors and common areas restlessly, looking for solitude and peace. Looking for something familiar in this strange, alien world of light and sound and machines and color, finding nothing but disconnection and noise no matter where he goes. He’s hounded by it, surrounded by it, drowning in it.
The elevator doors at the far side slide open, and a youngish couple step out, a man and a woman who don’t quite look legal to drink. They’re dressed business casual, in jeans and neatly-pressed button-downs, and each has a messenger bag slung over their shoulders.
he’s got her hooked now. Coffee, Lola… Was it always this simple and he just never thought of it? “Then I’m afraid I’ll have to go on my way,” he says, regretfully. “Other meetings to attend and all. I’ll have to take Lola to the Triskelion. The SHIELD mechanics are good. Not as good as you, of course, but with what’s powering her…” He trails off, keeps from grinning in triumph when she scoffs.
He’s careful driving out of the building, wouldn’t do to dent the shine to which Toni’s bots buffed his baby girl, hands at ten and two on the wheel. This is a big step forward in his relationship with Toni Stark; he’s painfully aware of how awry it can go with absolutely no forewarning. Phil has to carefully consider his options lest he drive her right back into avoiding his phone calls, yelling at him, or trying to have security remove him.
“Ma’am has not slept in twenty nine hours, fourteen minutes. She slept for two hours, six minutes. Prior to her ‘power nap’, ma’am had been awake for thirty-eight hours, forty-five minutes. I anticipate your next question to be regarding her eating habits, sir. Ma’am has not had a substantive meal in three days, eighteen hours, and has been relying on Doctor Cho’s nutrition supplements to fuel herself.”
Simmons’ shoulders firm up a little under that, and Toni’s gotta say, she likes the fire in the woman’s eyes. “Understood,” she says.
Brave words, but she knows how much bullshit they are when he just grins, sudden and gleeful, and comes at her with a staggering speed.
There are hundreds of self-help books about soulmates, but she's pretty sure not one of them covers carrying the ice-cold marks of a semi-mythical superhuman her father's in love with who drowned during World War II, and a tall ghost with black hair and greasepaint that may or may not have been a figment of her imagination.
Tony grimaces and puts a hand on the back of his neck. “I'm fine,” he says, clearly lying through his teeth, which Steve finds irks him a little more than it used to. Interesting. But before he can call Tony on the lie, Tony relents. “Okay, I'm clearly not fine. I just don't know how to explain it.”
Natasha sighs faintly, and stares off for a moment, gaze unfocused and distant. “In some ways, not as bad as I was when Clint brought me home,” she says finally. “In others, he's worse. The bond seems to have broken through most of the programming, but it’s not a magic cure-all, and there’s still a lot of work to do. Memories and experiences to sort through. To learn to deal with. It will be rough.” She squeezes Toni’s hand tightly, smiles in reassurance. “We’ll get through it.”
Kobik shrieks, fear, pain, temper tantrum, he isn’t sure. Doesn’t care, either, as he streaks towards that single, barely-there point where all the lines connect. Where they’ve been tied to a frozen figure, anchored in the ice keeping Steve, the
Also, a personal note: I understand some of you may wish to murder me for what happens here, but please bear in mind, the next chapter will not come out if I'm dead. :)
Another unseen hand caresses his cheek. “You’re not alone,” says a hauntingly familiar, feminine voice in his other ear. “Never alone, Steve.”
until you’ve had a break,” Bucky growls, and she glares up at him defiantly. He stops, takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly. Tiredly, “Fuck’s sake, Toni. You gotta make it as fucking difficult as you can, don’t you? Well, can’t say I didn’t warn you.”
He learns that Toni grows still sometimes at the mention of Afghanistan, goes cold sometimes and shivers violently. He learns that she doesn’t like the sound of bombs exploding, and sometimes panics if a car backfires too close to her. He learns that she needs a hot drink, a warm blanket, and a quiet voice to bring her back from the dark.
She rolls back towards him, looking up from her nest of pillows. He’s standing at the edge of the bed, arms folded loosely, watching her. His expression isn’t exactly an open book, but he’s clearly miserable and worried. She sighs softly, and lifts a hand from the warmth of the bed and holds it out to him. “You’re not gonna hurt me,” she says. “You haven’t even tried since you saw my face, and I'm still sure you were brainwashed then.”
Best not to think about it that now, however. He sighs, steels himself, and kneels as he palms the activation on the holo-com, and is in Schmidt's preferred position when the glow lights up overhead.
She hitches forward, wraps her legs around his waist, her arms around his neck, trusting him bear her weight completely. “Fuck the meeting,” she agrees, and sinks her teeth into his earlobe, thrilling when his breath stutters, bites down the side of his neck. Doesn’t even care when he nearly loses his grip on her. “Bedroom, now. Go.”
The phone vibrates in his hand again, automatically scrolling to the bottom with the new messages. This time it’s on the other side, meaning Toni’s texting Clint
Natasha listens to Clint rant as Eastern Europe soars away underneath the quinjet, and touches the hilt of her favorite blade. Toni is hers, now. Hers and Clint’s. No one is permitted to harm her and walk away unscathed.
“Soulmates,” Toni announces, throwing herself at Rhodey’s couch and sprawling over as much space as she can manage, “are bullshit.”
“11:04am, ma’am. Your press conference begins in 56 minutes. Miss Potts has scheduled a note that she will arrive in approximately 6 minutes to begin your preparations.” A beat. “Shall I send your assistant for coffee, ma’am?”
She’s got the documentation in her hand, both the original files stamped all over the place with the SHIELD logo, and the drafted charter for the Avengers Initiative, the words are right there in front of her, but she still can’t wrap her head around it. “I know he says one thing and means another like, all the time, but I somehow doubt that the words
past her limits.  “Oh fuck,” he says, miserably, and reaches for her. “Jesus Christ. Toni, fuck, I didn’t mean--”
She can’t catch her breath, and panic slams into her throat. She hitches and flails, claws at her chest, vision going spotty and grey...
Pepper is merciless, maneuvering Toni across the office and into the private bathroom with little pushes and nudges, ignoring with frightening efficiency all of Toni’s protesting whines. “You have five minutes,” she says, shoving Toni into the bathroom and standing in the door with crossed arms. “Shower fast. Wash your hair. We don’t have time for your malingering ass-dragging today.”
He catches a glimpse of Toni and Bucky as the elevator doors close. Bucky is stricken and upset. Toni’s face is still white and her eyes are huge, but he sees relief in them. Relief that he’s leaving. Relief that their official meeting as soulmates is pushed off until another time.
“The building has limited camera access, but I am able to monitor approximately 60% of the remaining levels.”
Natasha hasn’t decided for sure yet, but she thinks she might have preferred it when Bucky and Clint were glaring at each other from across the room, because the two of them on the same page are aggravating.
Learns that she wants him, learns that she craves his touch. Learns that he wants her too, but that he’s afraid he’ll hurt her. He learns that she will never say anything about it, will never push. Learns she’s waiting until he trusts himself enough to do more than curl around her and sleep tangled together.
Clint pulls something off his fist, tosses it thoughtfully between his hands. Brass knuckles, only made of some duller, thicker, weightier metal than brass or steel. “Adamantium,” Clint says calmly, and enunciates every syllable precisely. “Toni made it for me a few years ago. It’s not quite as satisfying as hitting you with my bare fist would have been, but I figure there are enough broken bones in this place at the moment.”
, Cap,” she says again, and if she’s more reverent than a devout Catholic at Sunday morning mass, it’s only because she’s okay with feeling like a starry-eyed kid watching the old newsreels all over again.
Fennhoff nods. “We learned quite a lot while the Winter Soldier was still in our possession,” he says. “What compounds would work, which techniques were most effective. The Winter Soldier was trial and error. Captain America, on the other hand…It was just a matter of adapting our techniques to account for Erskine’s purer version of the formula. Once we adjusted the process, he fell swiftly into line.”
“Fuck you,” Toni mutters, and pulls a pillow over her face to muffle Natasha’s fond, but mocking, laugh.
which is why I let you do it.” He squeezes his eyes shut, feeling sweat pop, go cold, go clammy. He doesn’t know if he can get through this and still be sane once he’s out the other side. “Talk to me,” he says desperately. “I don’t care. We can be pissed later. Just fucking talk to me. I’m gonna fuckin’ snap if you don’t.”
“So,” Kate says, after an awkward silence. “You want us shooting things and knocking down SHIELD agents and superhero types who might be compromised?”
Voices are calling her name, swearing viciously. Hands and fingers and bodies swirling around her. Rhodey's face looms over hers again, fright and relief and hope and worry all storming through his eyes.
At least he hasn’t brought up her father yet. Maybe he’s finally learned that Toni does not go all teary and soft when Howard Stark is mentioned. “There are other names in the weapons industry, Obadiah,” she says, flicking a hand at the screen. It scrolls over to a very technically-written request for a lab upgrade, and she squints at it, trying to decipher Mbenga’s cramped, tiny script. “And Stark Industries will still have an excellent relationship with the military. We have no intentions of risking the lives of soldiers, which is why we provide them with tactical armor, medicines and combat-injury care. I am far more interested in providing security and patching soldiers up than I am blowing their faces off, Stane. And I’m a little tired of having this conversation.”
“I’ll take your word for it.” Steve flops onto his back, and pulls a pillow over his eyes. “I don’t really remember a whole lot clearly. I’m not entirely sure I know what happened and what didn’t.”
Toni’s kitchen looks nothing like the simple kitchen of his mother’s house, but somehow it’s easy to imagine his mother’s voice guiding him through the steps of the stew and the batter, the dough and the mead.
He sets his still-unopened now-warm beer on the table in front of him with a resolute clink, and pushes Bucky’s feet off his legs.
“Honestly?” He shrugs. “I don’t know, Carol. If you want guarantees, I can’t give them. You want assurances I can handle all the new shit I can do? Fuck, I’ve been awake for two weeks. I can't give those either. All I can do is ask you to have faith in me. Because Steve needs you to, and Rhodey would want you to.” He swallows, hard, and isn’t sure he’s going to like the answer to his next question. “Think you can do that?”
Bucky has no idea what importance that has, and right now doesn’t actually care. He resumes his pacing, making tight circles, and tries not to worry about the fact that his bonds have gone quiet again. They’ve been spiking and ebbing for hours now, since long before he was aware of it this morning. In hindsight, he should have seen it from the moment he opened his eyes. All’s been silent for at least thirty minutes now.
JARVIS quietly informs Toni that Project Warbird has finished the fabrication, assembly and paint cycles in four hours, six minutes. Toni tells him to park the armor right next to Rhodey’s, and then finds a moment to sneak off and tape a note on the bright yellow stripe-and-starburst bifurcating the red shoulders and head from the blue torso and legs.
She and Clint have spent months cultivating her image, setting up a public persona that sets the bar very low. A party girl and her wastrel soulmate, drinking and dancing and sleeping their way through high society, sex-addled fools with too much money and free time. They have spent months making sure that no one takes her terribly seriously, but it still stings a bit to realize that her captors have bought into the legend of Toni Stark so well it didn’t even cross their minds that she might be dangerous.
“Maybe all of that is true,” Natasha replies evenly, and her hard stare doesn't leave Toni's face, “but don't lie to me or yourself. That isn't the reason you packed your bag.”
“Not everything is about sex, Toni,” Steve says primly, even though the hint of a grin betrays his amusement.
This anger, though. It doesn’t feel like his. She knows it is, can feel him in it, the bright flash of his mind laces through it, but it’s not anger he’s ever had before. It’s a quiet, bleeding well as deep as an ocean, as still as a mirror. And that anger, she knows intimately well, because it’s hers.
With that, she turns back to her desk to answer the ringing phone with a crisp, “Dr. Stark's office”, leaving Phil to contemplate the coffee cart next to the door. If he remembers correctly, Toni takes extra white, extra sweet, so he carefully fixes her a cup, then one for himself, and juggles them in order to open the doors.
She steps out into the light, feeling like rage is snapping in sparks from her eyes. “You want to get between my thighs, Ty? Well then, let me oblige you.”
He runs a hand through her hair, gently loosening the tangles with his fingers. “You need to sleep, sweetheart,” he says softly. “Doc Cho said as much. Food and sleep. You’re getting the first, sorta, but not the second.”
It would be easier with touch, he knows that from his interactions with Charles Xavier, but not even the theoretical lure of the last cup of coffee on earth could make him walk into that room and find an excuse to put his hand on Steve now.
“Maybe not today,” Toni says, and he catches her eyeing him speculatively. “Later tonight? I can do the finishing touches myself, if you’d prefer.”
Everyone who would possibly text him lives with him, and they’re all home. If they wanted him, they’d just come get him, or ask JARVIS to relay a message.
“This isn’t the way, kid,” he says, a little sadly, as he’s joined in the air by Carol, Lehnsherr, Thor, a handful of other fliers. “You can’t
Bucky’s hand is tight in her left, Steve’s enveloping her right, and their linked hands together across from her, and no one is letting go. And Steve is staring at her with the same expression of reverence he wore when they completed their bond, and Bucky’s face is soaked with tears, and the wind whispering in from the infinite, dark Pacific beyond the balcony is chill against her own wet cheeks.
Steve makes another noise, deep in his throat, and Tony is suddenly interested in figuring out how to make him sound like that again.
A significant pause. “I think it would be for the best interests of everyone’s safety if I did,” he finally says.
“I know all about Captain America,” she says. “Howard was his number one fan. He didn’t really say much of anything about the man inside the spangles, though.”
Set a reminder for me so I don't forget to donate you. Also, see if anything in there can be remote-detonated, will you? Seriously, I hate it when people steal my shit.”
In the next second, he’s got himself all but convinced that he’s finally gone batshit crazy, because there’s no way Steve Rogers,
Clint isn’t going to care, because their relationship isn’t one of deadlines and absolutes, but Toni respects him almost as much as she adores him (which is almost as much as she wants to murder him in his sleep some days), and she hates being late to meet him without a good reason.
Toni turns back and lifts the shield off the bench, flips it in her palms so the star spins to face down. There are new arm straps attached: the brown leather is replaced with stiff black fabric that glows with blue lines, the same color as Toni's arc reactor. “One of your weaknesses,” she says, “is you can lose the shield. Sure, it bounces back, but that doesn’t happen all the time, right? So I fixed it. I think.”
She grits her teeth. “Hi honey,” she says, forcing false cheer into her tone. “How was your day?” Distantly through the connection, she can hear Natasha’s rapid-fire Russian in the background, knows she’s cursing Toni’s lineage all the way back to the Stone Age.
He flinches, ever so slightly. “I’m never going to forgive Hydra for this,” he says, soft and dangerous.
He tackles her from the left, crashing into the already-compromised plates. She screeches as fresh new fun forms of agony explode from her ribs. They spin across the floor, rolling together and she desperately pulses her flight stabilizers to try and gain back some slim shred of control.
, but she’s almost done. One more day. “It looked comfy, and it is. It’ll be Morgan’s soon enough, and I wish him much joy in it.”
Toni eyes the ceiling for another minute, considering. She could force JARVIS to tell her, because Steve doesn’t have the kind of access Bucky does, can’t keep her from anything, can’t lock her out of anywhere. “Okay, kiddo. You two have your secrets. I can wait.”
“Fuck,” he breathes, leaning against the wall of the elevator with the side of his arm, his face pressed against the other side of his arm. The panic in his chest is gone, and the doubled star is quiet. There has to be a way to fix this, he thinks, but he’ll be damned if he can come up with it right now.
“I’d laugh off a threat like that from almost anyone else. But Stark has the connections, money, and resources to
“Wake up, sweetheart. I know I was just yellin’ at you to sleep, but this is something you need to wake up for.”
She wakes sometime later, swimming back to consciousness to find herself tied to a chair in the middle of a room. It’s cold and damp and she doesn’t have her shoes, but she still has her dress on, always a good sign. Experimentally, she wiggles, shifts her legs, feels the sheaths still tied to her upper thigh, under the curve of her left breast.
There's no more reason to talk, and nothing pressing any of them have to say. So they sit, Toni tucked under Steve's left arm, Bucky under his right, and she's holding Bucky's hand in Steve's lap.
Instead, he goes through a mental exercise to suppress the spike of anger, shock, disbelief, everything else that gets in the way of him protecting his people, and merely raises his eyebrow. “What do you mean, you lost Captain America? When did you
Most of the others seem inclined to leave him alone, which suits him fine. He’s not an unsociable kind of guy, he normally loves talking to people and getting to know them, and this seems like a fine group. But the anger churning in his gut is a constant companion, one he has tenuous control over. Half the time, he feels like a bomb ticking down with indecipherable numbers, like he should be treated gingerly and with an eye to getting out of the way for the inevitable explosion.
. The business, the title, the cushy penthouse office. The properties in Europe. The manor. His workshop.
Thankfully, Toni’s seen that quote a thousand times, and the only thing that twitches when she hears it now is her eyebrow, upwards. “Isn’t Trump just adorable?” she asks, leaning casually forward on her elbows, and a laugh ripples through the crowd. “To address the comment in general, Tricia, I am still defending this country. Stark Industries and Stark Solutions both contract with various arms of the US military and US government to supply a wide variety of supportive and defensive equipment. The last six months have been difficult, as we’ve made the changeover, but projections for the first quarter of next year show an estimated 10% increase in profits over my father’s best quarter as CEO, adjusted for inflation.” She grins, all teeth and attitude and kiss-my-ass. “I assume that’s good. I mean, I am but a woman, and need finances explained to me in little words.”
“This is way bigger than I thought it would be,” Tony says, eyes roaming worriedly over the flickering, holo-blue images displayed in the air. Timelines, correlations, theories, corroborating events, individuals… It’s a very disturbing picture.
Her attention abruptly focuses on him, and Phil smiles inwardly. He should send Paula flowers for the tip. “You brought me coffee.”
“You’re a cruel man and I regret my decision to employ you,” she grouses as she pads back to the center of the mats and takes the loose, defensive stance he’s spent weeks drilling into her.
Bemused by the politeness, enraged by the sight, he lets his body uncoil in a fluid push forward, hauling the shield off his back and onto his arm in time to drive it into Iron Man’s chest. The suit staggers back a pace, heavy feet digging grooves into the floor. Before he can recover, Steve launches another flurry of heavy strikes designed to tear the armor apart, slicing into joints and seams with the edge of the shield.
He learns that they will snap and scrap, fight like animals sometimes, tearing at each other’s throats and loudly listing each other’s faults, but it’s another way they show affection.
“Probably not,” she says, a little breathlessly, and moves her head to give him better access to her throat, which he seems more than happy to take advantage of by how quickly his lips kiss down to her pulse point. “Mmm… How come you’re not down in the den, playing with your toys?”
Toni isn’t allowed to approach the podium without an earpiece in her ear, because Pepper’s just that kind of control freak. If Toni’s being honest, she’s grateful to have Pepper’s directions to guide her, because she’s been in sleep debt for so long, she’d probably just lay down on the stage and go to sleep if left to her own devices.
Her eyes slide half-closed and her head tilts forward, all of their own volitions, when his thumb starts rubbing circles behind her ear. “You’ve completely ruined the illusion for me here, Steve,” she says, voice more a purr than human words.
She reaches under her skirt, shaking her head to clear the lingering effects of the chloroform, and pulls her knife free. Thus armed, she stands and pads on silent feet towards the door.
“You’ll be fine,” Bucky says, and his left hand reaches out to trace around the double star marked on Steve’s terribly thin chest. “We’ll both be fine. This is proof of that.” And he shifts his hand over so it’s almost, but not quite, touching Toni’s blue circle. “It’s still bright. Our third’s still in our future. As long as the marks are clear and clean, we’re okay. Who knows? Maybe I’ll find them over there and bring ‘em home. Wouldn’t that be somethin’?”
“Not in twenty minutes, they can’t. Goddammit.” This time, she does thunk her head against the wall, very gently. “Do you have eyes inside here, J?”
If JARVIS had eyeballs, this would be the perfect moment for an innocent flutter of the lashes. Toni suspects he’s doing the cyber-equivalent. Blinking an emoji, maybe? Something to look into at a later date, anyway.
“Alright,” she says, feeling more than hearing the whine of repulsors powering up. “Let’s see what this baby’s packing. Don’t go easy on me, kid.”
On some level, he must have noticed the presence of another person, because he doesn’t instinctively prepare to attack. The voice is unexpected, but there’s no rush of adrenaline, no honed reactions swinging him around with clenched fists, just a tight, unhappy knot between his shoulderblades.
Have they always been that particular shade? He frowns a little, trying to force the tip-of-his-tongue sensation to manifest into something he can grasp, track, recall.
He knows that, just as Toni and Clint and Natasha made room in their strange co-orbits, they’ll make room for Steve. And not just for Toni’s sake. For Bucky’s too, because he’s integrated with them now. He belongs to them, and they belong to him.
Toni swears as something inside Bucky's arm singes her fingers, jerks her hand out and sucks the burn with an irritated glower. “Ow,” she complains, pops the finger out of her mouth to examine her fingertips. Her index and middle finger are red and stinging, but it doesn’t seem to be too bad. She reaches in, more cautiously, and feels her way along burned out circuits, blindly rewiring by touch and gut feeling. “Try now. Anything?”
. He carries them both over to the counter silently, as she slams the fridge door closed and turns around with murder in her eye.
Steve sits beside her and starts unwrapping his hands. He shakes his head with a rueful smile and rolls his shoulders. “I really didn’t,” he says. “It won’t work on me again, but you caught me off-guard with it that time.” He tilts his head, speculative. “Clint’s been your primary instructor, right?”
. She levers herself off him, patting his chest wearily as she drags herself clear. “Just so you know,” she grunts, though he can’t hear her, “I’m counting this as our first fight. And I totally won.”
that. And he’s just fucking stupid for her too. He’s got that stoic Russian I’ll-kill-you-with-my-eyes shit going on, but I can tell.” There’s another pause. “He’ll kill for her, without hesitation. So will I. So will you. I just don’t understand why, with three fucking trigger-happy assassins around her, the world can just reach right past us and knock her on her ass. I can’t wrap my brain around it. We’re supposed to have her back, like she has ours, but how the fuck are you supposed to fight something that you can’t even see coming?”
She drops to her knees, pulls up the access panel and drops into it, letting out an involuntary squeal at the sudden crash of the shield against the door. “I’m in a goddamn horror movie,” she says, feeling the urge to laugh wildly and just barely restraining it. If she starts, she’s not going to stop.
Warmth and awareness wash through him, something waking up in alarmed response to his surging, uncontrolled emotions. He’s only peripherally aware of it, but it builds in size and presence, weaving through his rage and smoothing it out, until it’s righteous wrath flaring bright and hot, until he’s burning with the unbearable pressure, until his skin can’t contain any more.
If you follow me on Tumblr, please be aware that I've broken the smut into its own chapter, just for ease of keeping things organized. Later tonight, early tomorrow morning, it'll be posted in its entirety as Chapter 24, "Your Touch".
, he’d do anything to keep that look on her face forever. It’s the most powerful feeling in the world, and the most terrifying. Nobody should have that much power over another person, but she’s given it to him, and she’s never going to want to take it back. Bucky’s pretty sure he’s never going to be worth a tenth of what she is, but he can try to be. And he’s going to fucking try.
He feels a sudden flare of sheer panic from Toni and a sudden flare of exhilaration from Steve. The comms crackle under the onslaught of Steve’s cheering laughter and Toni’s stream of desperate, inventive epithets. He opens his eyes, peers through the windshield, scanning for two dots in the sky, sees them off to the left, plummeting from the clouds.
"So here’s your one and only warning: You two will get your shit together and you will fucking keep it together. She deserves far better than either of you will ever be, but you are who she’s stuck with. And you will
Rhodey just gives her another one of those bland smiles, the ones that hide his amusement so well. “Ben & Jerry’s,” he says. “Freezer of the plane. You’ll love me again once we’re wheels up and you’re spoon-deep in Chocolate Brownie Fudge.”
“You fly at speeds up to mach 2 and perform insane maneuvers not even the most fearless stunt flier with the world’s biggest death wish would consider trying,” Rhodey says serenely. “You only pull out that heart condition bullshit to try and guilt me. Fuck your heart condition.”
and promising she is brilliant and telling her not to listen to her father, who is only a man, after all, and a very silly man at that.
By the time Hogan parks the car in the lot in front of Lady Lexa’s Fine Jewelry, Steve has a very good idea of exactly the kind of concerns Hogan has in keeping Toni safe and secure. Precious little of it has to do with the fact that she regularly seals herself inside a tin can and goes flying off at Mach speeds.
Steve tells himself it’s in deference to Toni’s busy schedule that he leaves her session open, but he knows he’s lying and he hates himself just a little for it. Maybe he should have had Pepper book the appointments for him, but Toni’s depending on him to do this right, and the last thing he wants to do is half-ass it by handing it off to someone else when it gets a little hard.
With effort, Fitz flips himself onto his back and drags his Starkpad off his bedside table. “Yes, please,” he mumbles, then sits up with a startled blink at the request for a retinal scan. “JARVIS, what’s this?”
“Yes, do. Pause it when it’s ready for the paint cycles, though. I still haven’t decided if I want the classic design or the alternate version.”
Toni turns her face into his side, her forehead pressing against his ribs. “No,” she says, voice muffled in his shirt. “It’s stupid. I’m probably just PMSing. You know how crazy emotional chicks get when their period is about to start.”
Rhodey scoffs. “It’s Friday. You mean to tell me that you’ve magically discovered responsibility and aren’t off charming lonely nerds with valid IDs into pouring booze down your throat?” He makes another derisive noise. “You forget who you’re talking to, Toni.”
He finds himself smiling and swiping to answer the call before making a conscious decision to do so. “Coulson,” he says, his customary salutation, ignores the nervous flutter in his stomach and eyes the elevator doors as they open silently in front of him.
He finds himself smiling grimly, and adrenaline rushes into his veins, surging energy and alertness through him in anticipation of the fight. “So much for not letting Stevie out to play,” he mutters, and brings a hand to his ear. “Rogers is on the field. I've lost eyes on Kobik. Watch your backs and your brains, people. I'm going to be busy for a little while.”
He wakes up the next day with a raging hangover. He helps tidy up the house along with Rhodey. The rest of the weekend is spent working on the project from his Shakespeare class. Also dodging phone calls from his father and going to the engineering lab to work on other class projects. He is sitting on the kitchen counter while Rhodey makes them grilled cheese. He is going on his whole rant about how Tony has to cook by himself because he is not always going to be there to always make him food. It's a rant that Tony has got many times but suddenly, it
Steve kisses him. Tony hadn’t even thought this was a possible outcome. When they finally have to part to catch their breaths, Steve smiles. “You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do that,” he says. He moves into Tony’s space again.
Tony can honestly say he was shocked when they were assigned partners. Why did he have to sit next to Steve Rogers? Tony’s fascination with Apollo begins to dissolve as the weeks pass by. Steve would always ignore him in class. As soon as they would get dismissed he would be out of his seat and already halfway to the exit. Tony was beginning to get annoyed, sure their fraternities had some sort of rough history, but what had he done to him personally?
“Oh, yeah, I’m a trust fund baby, so not really for me I guess.” Tony mentally slapped himself as he said that, god, what was happening to him?
“What’s happening between you two? It’s been a while since we’ve seen you two interacting on Instagram.”
Steve’s lying on the bed with the blanket kicked off of him. He's lying naked, skin all golden from the sunlight. Steve’s arms come around to Tony’s waist as he moves closer to Tony’s side of the bed.
“Have you ever thought of it? Now, hear me out. If you take over the company, you can change it. You always said you had better ideas for it. Say nothing irrational, just think about it, Tony.”
Steve started laughing lightly. “Guess you will have to come to our party to find out.” He looked back to Tony with a smirk.
“Yes, absolutely.” What is wrong with him? It’s just a mark. Tony’s never been nervous to look at a mark before. This is a new feeling. He locks his eyes with Steve. “Could you please flip it?”
“Oh, golly gee, my good sir, thank you for such kindness,” he says pointedly glaring at Steve. He leads the way in, stopping at the entrance to talk to the previous window watchers. “Tony and I will be having a civilized talk upstairs. If you hear screaming after 5 minutes, mind your own business,” Rogers says to his members as they walk upstairs. As they make their way to Steve’s bedroom he whispers to Tony, “We’ve got to be careful okay, be quiet.”
. That also becomes a thing. Steve. Somehow his brain had switched from him always being Rogers too now just Steve.
“Oh, you probably won’t like it, god knows everyone living under my roof hates it.” Tony raises an eyebrow, what could possibly be so bad? He was probably overreacting. His thoughts stop when Steve says, “it’s EDM.” Tony looks at him shocked.
“It’s cute that you think that’s going to happen. Maybe I should let you think you have the upper hand.”
Much later in the night when they are finally leaving. Tony asks the dreaded question. He’s sitting in the passenger seat. They are currently stopped at a red light. Tony looks straight across. “What are we? We haven’t really discussed what this is yet, and the whole crew seems to think we are dating.”
They work in silence for the next twenty minutes. Tony cleans the floor from where drinks have spilled and Steve gathers all leftover items. Tony decides to break the silence. “You mind if I put some music on?” Tony asks imploringly. Steve looks shocked. “What about your brothers, won't they wake up?”
“Time to go, honeybunch,” he says, lays his hands on the surface of the ice, and reaches deep within himself, brings forth the fire, wills everything to
,” Natasha says, but her voice is distant and echoing as the mansion and its memories dissolve into mist around him.
It’s abrupt, the shift. She throws a mental switch, changes gear, drops into another track. One instant, she’s the careless, carefree billionaire in tech no one in their right mind would ever think she’s qualified to own, let alone operate. The next, she is focused, tactically-aware and crunching environmental profiles, attack vectors and threat probabilities as fast as she registers them, with the same tech an extension of her body and will. Her mouth might still run free and wild, but her mind is all business. “Any indication they’ve taken notice?”
“Sorry,” Helen says, not sounding sorry in the slightest, and reaches for the next one, relentless around Toni trying to dodge away. “Some of these are on pretty well. Hold still, this might hurt.”
There’s a trail of bodies behind him, and he’s not sure how many are still breathing and how many are corpses. They know now that he is aware of their presence, and they’ve abandoned all pretense of stealth in order to swarm him from all directions.
He doesn't hesitate, just launches himself out of the chair and hovers midair, clothing shifting into his Phoenix armor, blue flames licking around his wrists and ankles. A moment before his head goes blessedly, blissfully silent, all the angry, grumbling thoughts shift to confusion or frustration or surprise.
Before she can fall much farther, Toni flips down again and accelerates to nearly Mach 1, looping wide to head for the shoreline again. “While I appreciate your cost-saving, J, I built them to blow them up.”
She’s silent for a moment, and that moment lasts forever with the endless stabbing in his shoulder. Then, she settles in the stool beside the chair, takes his hand and rubs her thumb along the back of it. “I was seven when my soulmarks manifested,” she says. “I didn’t know who they were supposed to be, but Mama did. I’m almost positive she did. She said, ‘don’t even tell your father,
“One of the many services I’m paid to offer.” His hand rubs her upper arm, soothing and warm. “Wanna talk about why your panties are in a bunch about soulmates this time?”
He sighs with his arms folded, looking through the one-way glass into Steve’s isolation room. It’s supposed to be rated for something called a Hulk -- which he assumes is big and strong, from the name -- so it’s holding Steve just fine while he sweats out whatever chemical cocktail the good docs at Hydra Labs had been loading him with.
“On another day, ma’am, I would do my utmost to prevent you from doing something I know you would regret,” JARVIS replies. “Today… no, ma’am. No, I do not think I would. Agent Coulson is requesting permission to approach the manor.”
“Three,” Toni says, holds out her hand. She’s never been more sure of anything in her life. “Us three.”
He’s expecting her to laugh it off, he’s expecting yelling, he’s expecting anything but a thoughtful look and for her to turn back to the window. “That’s a hover-capable ‘62 Corvette down there.”
A different voice, tired and lost and thin, calling from the bottom of a deep, dark hole in the ground, a whispered scream howling his name like it’s a plea for help.
“I don’t think we have the time necessary to devote to telling you just how stupid we think you are, Star-Lord,” Clint says with a smirk, lounging in a chair near Tony and twirling an arrow between his fingers. “We could try, but I think we’re on something of a clock here, what with Nazi Cap running amok and all. Raincheck?”
Toni pauses mid-blast for a moment, then carries on. It's muted, it's not as all-encompassing, but she's definitely still got some anger management therapy to do. "I'll keep myself occupied, boss," she says, eyeing the remaining pair of agents through the faceplate, hot and hungry and needing blood all over again. "There's still
Ho Yinsen’s ghost whispers in the back of her mind, sounding rather like her conscience. “--but I can’t remember actually ever looking
“Keep me updated.” Steve turns his attention back to the blueprints, and a plan of attack begins to come together in his head. He’s always been a good tactician, it’s where he really shines. He pulls open the Velcro flap on the side pocket of his combat pants -- always jumps a little, even though he’s sure he’s heard the sound a thousand times before, because it feels like he never has -- and fishes out a pad of paper and a pencil.
"Raincheck. I’ll take my breakdown later.  We'll trade 'em off. Right now, it's your turn, so shut up and close your eyes already."
what she would do with Stark Industries. “Besides, I’d have to move back to Manhattan, and I’d much rather get a massage on my private beach in Malibu than sit in some stuffy old boardroom with a bunch of stuck-up old guys and argue about stocks and, like, quarterly reports.”
He clears his throat firmly, shoots Toni with the Rhodes Death Glare of Lethal Doom, and says, “Why don’t we go on up, Carol? Clint should have the barbecue going by now.”
She wiggles her right hand until she catches the opposite edge of the knot with her fingernails and drags it as tightly as she can to the right. It’s uncomfortable and threatens to cut off her circulation, but there’s more than enough slack to pull her left hand free. Seconds later, she has her right hand free, and grimaces as she massages feeling back into her wrist.
“Tony, you're on fire. That's not the part I'm curious about, though I realise it speaks volumes about how fucked up my life is when a friend shows up outside my window on fire and I don't bat an eyelash.” He tilts his head, but doesn't budge.  “Mostly, I'm wondering what the hell you're doing
“It’s okay, James,” she says and, still telegraphing her gestures, cups his cheek, rubs her thumb along his nose. “You’re safe. Just breathe with me. You’re safe.”
“Sorry,” she says softly, and slides her palms around his neck, thumbs drifting gently over his cheekbones. Opens her mouth to him and scoots forward an inch so she can hook her knees loosely around his thighs. “I’m a terrible girlfriend,” she says, muffled in his mouth. Keeps kissing him in between every third or fourth word, lets her hands drift over his shoulders and arms. “I probably should have... warned you... about that before... you got involved with me.”
Toni flinches violently, almost like Pepper physically hit her, and her eyes are suddenly hot and burning. “Jesus, Pepper,” she whispers, and her voice quavers, chokes. She puts a hand over her face, tries to reach for outrage and indignation, but doesn’t find them. “Fucking
one foot in the grave already. We should pick out a casket before you just up and die. Shower, that way. Move it.”
Savage glee rips out of her in a wild cackle. “Right boss,” she says in a completely different tone, and picks Sitwell up again, this time by the back of the shirt and pants. A pulse of her jets powers her mad leap out of the van as the driver finishes losing control. If Sitwell’s head smacks off the roof on the way out, it’s purely by accident. She clears the back a moment before the van flips, hitting the road with its side and rolling with the screeching groan and crunch of abused metal.
I've been asked privately a couple of times if I'm going to address a comment received on the last chapter, regarding the direction the plot moved in.
“I think your judgements about Stark are off-base. Yes, she's arrogant and impulsive, and it may seem like she sets herself against authority simply because it's there to be railed against, but authority has given her little reason to respect it.”
“You were legally registered? You weren’t actually bonded, though. How’d you manage to pull that one off?”
He’s almost to the steps leading to the massive entrance, eyes blurred and greying, light-headed and dizzy with the onset of hypoxia, when he
He’s faster than she can follow. One minute, she’s right-side up, the next, she’s upside down. The world lurches as he slings her over his shoulder and strides towards the door. She doesn’t have the presence of mind for a long few moments to do anything but hang there, stare at the swaying floor, and try not to hurl.
Toni closes her eyes and leans her forehead against the smooth, cool metal of his shoulder. “Then it's functionally dead,” she says. “If Hydra gave half as much of a shit about their craftsmanship as they do their convoluted evil plots, the EMP disk wouldn’t have even dinged the paint job.”
“Extraction. A ride home. Medical attention. A goddamn cheeseburger. A shower. In that order.” Her firm tone fades. “Come get me, Clint?” she pleads.
Toni’s been expecting this conversation for some time now, and she closes her eyes, because she knows what’s coming. “But..?”
He shrugs again. “I decided you were right. So mark your calendar. I got no reason to be jealous, and we've all got enough shit on our plates without making more drama for ourselves. You’re not a threat to me and her. I shouldn’t be a threat to you and her.”
He debates taking a suit back to the Helicarrier, because he’s pretty sure that arriving there with his body aflame the same way the security footage showed he left is just going to attract all sorts of attention he doesn’t want, but two things make him decide against it. The first is that he’s pretty sure they already know what he’s become, because he left in a streak of orange-yellow-gold fire that apparently burned through multiple bulkheads and the outer hull of the Helicarrier.  Coming back in a suit isn’t going to change the fact that they already know about him.
Bucky’s hand is squeezing his leg so hard he’s going to have bruises, and his jaw hurts from clenching it tight. The Asset is whispering around the edges of his mind. This Stane asshole better be dead and burned, or Bucky’s going to track him down and make the last few hours of his life
“You have to be. He's happy, and you're doing much better and you need time together to grow comfortable with each other. I'm only in the way right now.”
He hates doing this ritual Schmidt insists he perform, not only because it’s so ridiculously ostentatious and self-aggrandizing for the Red Skull, the body paint also takes forever to scrape off his skin unless his communique with Schmidt takes less than five minutes.
with no resources to draw from, because that’s when his nigh-supernatural luck always comes into play.
Before he can reply with another terrible bird-related one-liner, the door opens and he’s face to face with Carol Danvers for the first time since he was yelling at her about self-fulfilling prophecies and Miles Morales, since she was doing her best to put her fist through his skull.
Toni snorts again. “No way I’m faster than Clint,” she says, “but please don’t ever tell him you thought I was, because he’ll run my ass into the ground proving you wrong. I don’t have the ability to keep up with him without rocket boots. Any faster, and he’d break the sound barrier.”
“And the other half is full of exciting explosions and bad guys,” Coulson says mildly. “It's a fair tradeoff. You did good today, Toni. You'd make a good agent.”
, Toni, but you’re too much of a dumbass to accept that. You just handed me top-level clearance to everything you have. You fucking stupid goddamn idiot. Are you that fucking desperate you’ll just open wide for whatever freak of nature you feel like bringing home?”
but Toni hears them anyway. “The black site is thirty miles from the turn-off. Give them a lead of fifteen. No more than twenty.”
Toni drags herself to her hands and knees and crawls towards the door, weakly reaching up to the handle and falling into the glass when she misses. And Bucky freezes dead in his tracks, because Toni’s shirt is hanging open, and her skin is ashen grey, and there’s a dark, hollow place in her chest where the arc reactor should be.
shield. I paid the Wakandan government for it, fair market price with seventy years of interest. Seemed only fair, since it was pretty much stolen from them in the first place. It cost me a fuck of a lot of money, and you seem pretty intent on hitting me with it, so I’m not really inclined let you have it.”
“Commander Rogers.” Schmidt always sounds the same, pleased and smug, every time his voice oozes across the channel. “How unexpected. You're outside your standard communication schedule.  Do you have something to report?”
He edges closer to the bed, slowly reaching out for her hand. “You’re too goddamn trusting,” he says gruffly. “I’m dangerous.”
Some time later, she stirs from sleep. She’s not awake enough to really know where she is or what woke her, but she’s warm and content, and has a man wrapped around her. Her nose is buried in the crook of his neck, breathing his scent. His cheek is against her temple, his breath in her ear. Her legs are tangled with his, and there’s an arm curled around her hips She makes a contented noise, burrows back into the warmth of his neck, and descends back into sleep.
Clint points at them both with the first two fingers of his right hand. “You two are going to shut up,” he informs them. “I am going to speak, and you are going to listen. Do you understand?”
until he’s taken them all apart, cleaned them to his satisfaction, probably test-fired them if he can find the range. “Yeah. Why?”
Mutely, Toni nods. She has the urge to shrink into the pillows, would if Natasha wasn’t holding her still. She remembers suddenly why she prefers to never, ever piss Natasha off.
As soon as he feels ready to use his legs again, he turns and dips his fingers in the font of holy water mounted on the wall beside the door and blesses himself, then moves to the first pew before the small altar and settles onto the hard wooden seat. He lays his sketchbook and pencil box aside and reaches down to carefully drop the kneeler to the floor. He inches forward until he’s kneeling on it, settles his elbows onto the padded support and bows his head behind his clasped hands.
He’s being uncharitable, and he knows it. Cho needs equipment transported, is taking the time to ensure it’s packed away carefully, crossing her Ts and dotting her Is before making the trip to New York. But the stress is just
, but the heat of her sex sears his cock, makes it jump, makes it ache, even through the double layer of sweat pants between them.
He nods to the screen as it resolves in a full page spread, a giant blow-up photo of her and Clint, walking out of a coffee shop. She only knows it’s Clint because she was there; the picture just shows the back of his head, but has caught her in full view. She’s holding her coffee and a box of donuts, face turned towards him, laughing at whatever it was he said. Whoever took the photo caught her in a moment of unguarded happiness. It’s a good shot.
She scrambles on her hands and knees backward as Steve approaches, kicking up onto her feet when she has clearance. Her brain is racing in a hundred different directions, only a few of which are bright and jagged paths to fear and panic at the sight of blond, blue-eyed muscle stalking towards her. But mostly, she’s focused and grinning, anticipating where his first strike will come from and calculating what her best course of action will be.
Steve sighs and rubs the back of his neck. “When I was… not myself, I studied footage of all of you. Hawkeye is quick and unpredictable hand-to-hand. He adapts quickly and comes up with unconventional angles of attack. You’re faster and a little more efficient, but I recognize his style in yours. Widow’s too, but mostly his.”
“When have you ever known me to sit still, Cap?” Clint retorts, but gives up on the ridiculous position and, Steve hopes, whatever he’d meant by
“Completely,” Tony deadpans. “You know me so well. I could never possibly reciprocate.” He turns to face Steve, tilts his head. “I know you were a little busy not being yourself, but you
Toni throws her hands up in exasperation. “Fine, you want me to say it? Yeah, it was great. I appreciate the backup, Phil. Wish it could happen like that every time.” She drops her hands onto her face and rubs tiredly. “But that isn’t going to happen. My life doesn’t work like that, and you know it. It never has. I don’t get to have cooler heads prevail. I don’t get to have angels on my shoulder telling me how lethal I can be. I don’t get the voice of God in my ear, the one I know I can trust to make the right call. It’s just me. And sometimes Clint and sometimes Tash, and sometimes JARVIS, but it’s mostly just me, me, me, and I have to do it all on my own, crunch everything, second-guess everything, try not to fuck up, try not to die, try not to climb into a bottle when I get home and my brain won’t shut off and--”
“No sweat.” She beams up at him and sets her coffee aside to fix him a plate. She piles it with fruit and bacon and toast, pours him a glass of juice and carries everything to the table. “I usually sit there,” she says, nodding to the chair at the end of the table, but stops at the one next to it, on the side. “Here good?”
“Fuck,” he breathes. Well, that just leaves one option then, an option that even two weeks ago, he wouldn’t have ever considered, but is somewhat surprised to discover that he doesn’t mind even a little anymore.
For the first time, she seems to see him, take in his expression, his posture, the tension in his shoulders. She blinks and a hand touches her soulmark lightly. “Jesus, that’s what that is,” she murmurs, and raises her eyes to his. “What’s wrong, James?”
With some coaxing from Steve, he finds a more natural stretch, propped on his elbow and several very stuffed pillows, and smirks up with his most aggravating smile. “Couldn’t help but notice you haven’t talked to Toni yet.”
“Let’s get you started then,” Steve says, tone just a few notes lower than normal and hand still resting on Tony’s trembling fingers. “I’ll be in the next room. An aide’s been waiting in there for me for the last ten minutes, and they only do that when it’s important.”
“No, Miss Stark,” he says, and that crawl is now a colony of fire ants marching up and down her back. He’s nervous. His eyes keep flitting back and forth, darting around like koi in a pond. “Just traffic. I think there’s an accident ahead. I’m going to have to take an alternate route. Is that alright?”
“S’alright if I touch you?” Toni asks around another yawn. At his nod, she nudges his arm under her pillow, tucks her head near his shoulder, and settles her hand on his chest, right over his soulmark. “S’okay,” she mumbles, and her eyes slip closed. “Y’won hurt me. S'okay, Buck…” She slips into slumber, still murmuring reassurances.
Helen gives her a small smile. “There’s a lot of delicate work to be done there. It was a judgement call. I assumed you’d want your complete flexibility and dexterity back.”
“Asscrack of the morning. Around four, I think. It’s dark anyway. You were asleep a while.” He readjusts his head until his cheek is on the back of her skull. “Bucky said you had a panic attack. You need a walkthrough?”
, but that statement snaps her right back out of her pleasant haze. She freezes, muscles locking back up into knots, and whips her head to stare wide-eyed at him. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Jesus,” she says, as she presses a hand to her racing heart, fingers splayed against her arc reactor, and turns around. “I have a fucking heart condition, Rhodey. Warn me if you’re bringing company so I don’t keel over and die, would you?”
A map flares to life, state-level with highways and the city’s borders highlighted. Moving more or less parallel to the coast of the Long Island Sound blinks a red dot. “Any idea where they’re going?”
out of your league. I’ll be right outside the door, and if you’re not out and clean in five minutes, I will scrub you myself and you will
Toni nods a little. “Cos if it isn’t Fury, then who? That occurred to me too, when Phil said it wasn’t greenlit on or off the books.” She pauses, then says quietly, “I came really close to losing my shit today, Clint. Like, really, really close.”
in here, all the things they want to say but never will, all the blame they want to throw, all the apologies they want to make. Christ, he’s choking on their pride and their stubbornness, and it’s just making his headache so much worse.
“I’ve tried,” Toni says in exasperation. “But their tech is proprietary and Howard kinda torched any good will the Stark name and America in general might have had when he appropriated a nearly twenty pound chunk of the stuff back in the 30s. A-ha!” Her hand closes around what, to Steve's untrained eye, looked like a rough-shaped bracer and lifts it free. “Gimme your shield arm.”
“You do have a habit of feuding with Cap,” Peter, who abandons hanging upside down to crouch on the wall near Tony’s chair, says reluctantly. “And you were in a coma for an awfully long time, Tony. It would be easy to get things confused, even without something like the Phoenix Force invading your system.”
She pulls in a breath, sharp and cold, and her lungs twinge, dully throb. Her eyes are dry and gritty, and she drags a hand from under the blanket to rub at them. The song trails into silence. Natasha slides into view in front of her, a hand on either side of her face, cradling her jawline. Toni meets her gaze, tips up a half-assed smile she doesn’t feel, and rubs her eyes again.
“Best to think positively then,” Paula replies in sympathy. “Straight through the doors there, Agent Coulson. Coffee is to your right.”
The man doesn’t look like he understands what just happened. His eyes are baffled, uncertain. Swiftly, he sets her on her feet and takes a step back, eyes still boring into hers. Then, he turns to disappear into the bushes again. Toni’s too shocked, too shocky, to say or do anything to stop him. He’s fast as well as silent, but not swift enough to stop Toni from catching a glimpse of the design on his metal arm. A star. A red star. On a silver arm.
“I am monitoring the laboratories, Doctor Simmons,” JARVIS says. “I will notify Natasha in those cases.”
Hydra played him pretty masterfully, though he hates to admit it even to himself. Fennhoff was convincing in his carefully-worded, mild-voiced conversations, knew just what to say to seed doubt and confusion deeper. Manipulated Steve into trusting him, and Steve was too stupid to listen to every instinct that screamed about how wrong things were.
He loses a blade to a particularly well-placed snap-kick from the next group of enemies. More darts hit him. He shakes his head hard, trying to clear the sluggishness of his movements. He’s too slow to avoid the impact of brass knuckles to his face, feels his head crack back, feels something jab him in the spine and send electricity jolting all across his body.
