'That groan was surely human!' said he. 'I WILL speak.' 'Who is it,' cried Sherlock in a faint voice, 'that wanders at this late hour?'
Sherlock stood abruptly. “Here we are, then,” he announced, sliding past John and bounding of the bus.
Oooh my goodness gracious me! Spooky bedrooms?? Secret passages? The BLACK VEIL???? Mysteries abound!
Sherlock sat in silence during the service; he tried to deduce the character of the nuns; but boredom was the result; they were all women who were either escaping an unwanted marriage or who had been so unfortunate as to be caught engaging in intimate relationships before they had entered that holy state.
Mycroft looks across at her with an extremely insincere smile. “Oh, am I happy too? I haven’t checked.”
Sherlock, who had observed his father and concluded his illness was very severe, endeavoured to persuade him to defer travelling till the afternoon; but he seemed very anxious to be at home, and his anxiety he expressed repeatedly, and with an earnestness that was unusual with him. “I am as well as I have been, of late” said he, “and I could better bear travelling the cool hour of the morning, than –ah!”
Sherlock gets confronted by some facts about Village life, and an Important Plot Development occurs.
“How was the beach?” Bill asked, reaching across John’s body to grab the Pasta Puttanesca serving spoon.
On turning the angle of a mountain, a light appeared at a distance, that illumined the rocks, and the horizon to a great extent. It was evidently a large fire, but whether accidental, or otherwise, there were no means of knowing.  Holmes thought it was probably kindled by some of the numerous banditti, that infested the Pyrenees, and he became watchful and anxious to know whether the road passed near this fire. He had arms with him, and prepared one for himself and its pair for his son in apprehension of the danger. While Sherlock shook his head in amused silence at these outlandish fears of his father; he heard a voice shouting from the road behind, ordering the muleteer to stop. Holmes bade him proceed as fast as possible; but either Michael, or his mules were obstinate, for they did not quit the old pace.
'No,' replied La Voisin, 'there is no occasion. When we reach that brook, monsieur, (Sherlock observed light upon the water where the peasant pointed), we shall be at home presently. I don't know how I happened to mistake the path; I seldom come this way after sun-set.'
As he listened, he distinguished female voices mingling with the laughter, and this confirmed his deduction, concerning the character of Signora Livona and her companions. It was evident, that they had not been brought hither by compulsion, but by profit; and he beheld himself in the remote wilds of the Apennine, surrounded by men, whom he considered to be criminals, and their worst associates. It was at this moment, when the scenes of the present and the future opened to his imagination, that the image of John failed in its influence, and his resolution shook with dread. He thought he understood all the horrors, which Moriarty was preparing for him, and shrunk from an encounter with such remorseless vengeance, as he could inflict.
'Well, signor!' said Monsieur Mycroft, 'I protest you are a Frenchman; I never heard a foreigner say any thing half so gallant as that!'
'Well, if that is the case, you shall hear.—You know, I suppose, that the Signor and his husband used sometimes to disagree. It is none of my concerns to enquire what it was about, but I believe you know it was so.'
“So, do you think Mary had something to do with it, then?” said John round a mouthful of scrambled eggs, seated at one of the long tables in the cavernous athlete’s dining hall. Sherlock shook his head quickly, eyes on the small line of tray-carrying athletes straggling past the various serving areas.
At this melancholy period Holmes was likewise visited by Monsieur Mycroft, the son of his wife’s previous marriage, who had been some years a widower, and now resided on his own estate near Tholouse. The intercourse between them had not been very frequent; Mycroft had been raised by the family of his father, who had not thought it necessary to maintain much of a relationship between the infant and his mother. In his condolements, words were not wanting; he assured Holmes that he sincerely sympathized with him, praised the virtues of his late mother, and then offered what he considered to be consolation. Sherlock could not bear to look upon him while he spoke; Holmes was tranquil, listened to what he said in silence, and then turned the discourse upon another subject.
“Laughable. You must know they’ll not qualify and not get close to a medal. Perhaps if everyone from the Russian and Bulgarian teams accidentally injures themselves or each other with the apparatus –”
“Yeah, yeah, sure,” John replied, absently watching as Sherlock pulled down sweat pants to reveal dark grey tights.
'The Signor, it seems, had lately been very wrath against Monsieur Mycroft. I saw all, and heard all,—a great deal more than people thought for; but it was none of my business, so I said nothing. A few days ago, the Signor sent for me. "Barnardine," says he, "you are—an honest man, I think I can trust you." I assured his excellenza that he could. "Then," says he, as near as I can remember, "I have an affair in hand, which I want you to assist me in."—Then he told me what I was to do; but that I shall say nothing about—it concerned only the Monsieur.'
“I have a contact at the Department of Sport, if that’s more your thing than Industry,” Sherlock drawled, tapping a mobile phone against his chin. “You’d fit in well there, I expect”. Anthea’s eyes flicked up from the phone and over Sherlock, before she nodded, turned on her heel and walked off.
It would be funny, he thinks, all of them doing their macho posturing in sequined unitards, except that there’s so much at stake. Many of these men have fought for the sport’s inclusion at the games, fought against what it means to do a ‘girly’ sport, fought to get resources and funding, and fought against the gymnastics establishment for the right to be here. There is so much riding on this for the fledgling sport and no-one wants to be the one to fuck it up.
A short contest ensued between the parties, in which that of Moriarty, however, were presently victors, and the horsemen, perceiving that numbers were against them, and being, perhaps, not very warmly interested in the affair they had undertaken, galloped off, while Barnardine had run far enough to be lost in the darkness, and Sherlock was led back into the castle. As he re-passed the courts, the remembrance of what he had seen in the portal-chamber came, with all its horror, to his mind; and when, soon after, he heard the gate close, that shut him once more within the castle walls, and almost forgot the danger he had escaped, could scarcely think, that any thing less precious than liberty and peace was to be found beyond them.
John promptly started off into a discussion of the competition, praising Shirai’s Yurchenko entry with three and half twists, which led of course to explaining the tiebreak rule in detail (“because Shirai had the highest before the average, do you see, and…”).
The side of John’s nose twitches. “Hang on – you were saying ‘Sorry’ a minute ago. Don’t spoil it. Go on: what have I done that’s so bloody stimulating?”
“Oh, I say!” says Sieger, and breaks into peals of laughter. “Bet no-one else will have one of these, eh?” he chokes out. “Wait till I show this to the chaps down at the Arms! Ho-ho, we hear about what you lot get up to don’t we? Well, well,” he says, still chuckling. “An Olympic condom of my very own, what a thrill.” He smiles at it fondly before dropping it back into the envelope.
Holmes thankfully accepted his offer, and they set out together, the young men on foot, for John refused the invitation of Holmes to take a seat in his little carriage.
He considered for a moment how to proceed: then, not choosing, lest it should endanger his love, to mention his name, and yet too much interested to neglect the opportunity of enquiring, he called from the casement, 'Is that song from Gascony?' His anxious attention was not cheered by any reply; every thing remained silent. Sherlock’s impatience increasing with his fears, he repeated the question; but still no sound was heard, except the sighings of the wind among the battlements above; and he endeavoured to console himself with a belief, that the stranger, whoever he was, had retired, before he had spoken, beyond the reach of his voice, which certainly, had John heard and recognized, he would instantly have replied to. Presently, however, Sherlock considered, that a motive of prudence, and not an accidental removal, might occasion his silence; but the surmise, that led to this reflection, suddenly changed his hope and joy to terror and grief; for, if John were in the castle, it was assured that he was here a prisoner, taken with some of his countrymen, many of whom were at that time engaged in the wars of Italy, or intercepted in some attempt to reach Sherlock. Had he even recollected Sherlock's voice, he would have feared, in these circumstances, to reply to it, in the presence of the men, who guarded his prison.
Sherlock’s legs cross and uncross while he waits for the score to flash up, foot beating out a staccato rhythm on the air. The crowd is noisy, so
John is still re-running that in his brain to understand that conversational twist even as this pompous git is guiding him to an elderly couple standing at the other end of the coffee service.
John suddenly noticed the noise level increasing – the athletes must have started to march out.  John looked up, trying to quash a sudden flurry of nerves. “So, uh, what’s your name? Are these your first games?”
It was long after this, that he recollected the purse; and as he was depositing it, unopened, in a cabinet, perceiving that it contained something of a size larger than coin, he examined it. At the bottom of the purse was a small packet, having taken out which, and unfolded paper after paper, she found to be an ivory case, containing the miniature of a—lady! He started—'The same,' said he, 'my father wept over!' On examining the countenance he could recollect no person that it resembled. It was of uncommon beauty, and was characterized by an expression of sweetness, shaded with sorrow, and tempered by resignation.
“Jeez, flash, innit?” Anderson mutters next to him, forcing John to try and peer round the back of his head as they approach their destination. As Anderson looks sadly at his phone (his photo of a scene at dusk taken from a moving vehicle has gone about as well as can be expected), John can finally see the blue, red and white streams of light that illuminate the historic building.
In his own marriage he did not follow his sister's example. His lady was an Italian, and an heiress by birth; and, by nature and education, was a vain and frivolous woman.
Having listened, in vain, for some sound, that might confirm, or destroy his fears, he, at length, laid his hand on the lock, and, finding it fastened, called on Mycroft; but only a chilling silence ensued.
“We all remember that Irene, Watson so stoically pressing his lips together as he iced up his shoulder just before the routine, looking like he was in tremendous pain but going out there and giving the performance of his life in front of the home crowd at the North Greenwich Arena. He had that shoulder reconstruction just days after the games finished.”
'The only way, by which you can do either,' replied Monsieur Mycroft, 'is to contradict the report wherever you go.'
“Scores for the rings, Zanetti, the local favourite through, certain to have two Chinese athletes qualify in the next subdivision; and now the parallel bars, Watson finishing just behind Moran at this point, although with strong competition from Russia and Ukraine in this event we may see that slip a little. So four, potentially five gymnasts in the individual apparatus finals, excellent result for the men.”
Music and conversation detained them in this enchanting spot, till the sun's last light slept upon the plains; till the white sails that glided beneath the mountains, where the Garonne wandered, became dim, and the gloom of evening stole over the landscape. It was a melancholy but not unpleasing gloom. Holmes and his family rose, and left the place with regret; alas! Madame Holmes knew not that she left it for ever.
“Off to a wonderful start here Kate, those strength positions are certainly very impressive, holding those for three seconds there rather than two, wonderful cross position now… hardly any movement in those rings at all… and a two and a half flip to land. Very elegant routine there from this experienced competitor. His score… is a 15.533, which ought to be enough to seem him comfortably into the finals for this apparatus to defend his gold medal.”
'Good night' said Sherlock quietly, as he closed his casement and retired to reflect upon the strange circumstance that had just occurred, connecting which with what had happened on former nights, he endeavoured to derive from the whole something more positive, than conjecture. But his imagination was inflamed, while his judgment was not enlightened, and the terrors of superstition again pervaded his mind.
“Oh, bugger,” says Lestrade, face falling. John looks at his coach as he thinks, brain clearly as fuzzy as his face. “Oh,” he says again, before his face suddenly reassembles into something approaching normal. “Righto,” Lestrade barks, wincing; “coming through!” and marches John out of the building.
One part of the cavalcade now extended along the valley, and another wound among the mountains towards the north, while some troops still lingered on the woody precipices, where the first had appeared, so that the great length of the procession seemed to include an whole army. While Moriarty and his family watched its progress, they heard the sound of trumpets and the clash of cymbals in the vale, and then others, answering from the heights. Sherlock listened to the shrill blast, that woke the echoes of the mountains, and Moriarty explained the signals, with which he appeared to be well acquainted, and which meant nothing hostile. The uniforms of the troops, and the kind of arms they bore, confirmed to sherlock the conjecture of Douglas, and the troop in due course passed by. Moriarty did not, however, leave the rampart, till the bases of the mountains had shut them from his view, and the last murmur of the trumpet floated away on the wind. Douglas and Verezzi were inspirited by this spectacle, which seemed to have roused all the fire of their temper; Moriarty turned into the castle in thoughtful silence.
'Hear me, Sherlock,' resumed Wilkes, 'hear me! I love, and am in despair—yes—in despair. How can I gaze upon you, and know, that it is, perhaps, for the last time, without suffering all the frenzy of despair? But it shall not be so; you shall be mine, in spite of Moriarty and all his villany.'
As Sherlock awaited anxiously some information from below, he now saw from the casements a body of troops pour over the neighbouring heights.  At length, he heard a footstep approach his chamber; and, on opening the door, saw, not Molly, but old Carlo! New fears rushed upon his mind. He said he came from the Signor, who had ordered him to inform Sherlock, that he must be ready to depart from Musgrovio immediately, for that the castle was about to be besieged; and that mules were preparing to convey him, to a place of safety.
Thus the time passed, as he sat at his casement, awed by expectation, and by the gloom and stillness of midnight; for he saw obscurely in the moon-light only the mountains and woods, a cluster of towers, that formed the west angle of the castle, and the terrace below; and heard no sound, except, now and then, the lonely watch-word, passed by the sentinels on duty, and afterwards the steps of the men who came to relieve guard, whom he knew at a distance on the rampart by their pikes, that glittered in the moonbeam, and then, by the few short words, in which they hailed their fellows of the night. It was now very late, he was bored with watching, and began to doubt the reality of what he had seen on the preceding night; but he still lingered at the window, for his mind was too perturbed to admit of sleep. The moon shone with a clear lustre, that afforded a complete view of the terrace; but he saw only a solitary sentinel, pacing at one end of it; and, at length, tired with expectation, he withdrew.
When his recovery was more complete, he raised himself and went, but with only a faint hope, to examine whether the door was unfastened. It was so, and he then stepped cautiously out into the gallery, but paused there, uncertain which way he should proceed. His first wish was to gather some information, as to his brother, and more broadly to the state of the fighting within the castle, and Sherlock, at length, turned his steps to go to the lesser hall, where Molly and the other servants usually waited.
“Kohei Uchimura of course an unstoppable force in men’s gymnastics. He’s won the past six all-around titles at the World Championships and of course the all-around gold in London four years ago for Japan. The overwhelming favourite to win this event, but showed some uncharacteristic errors in qualifying – but don’t write him off, he’s still the hot favourite here.”
'I am not so ignorant, Signor, of the laws on this subject, as to be misled by the assertion of any person. The law, in the present instance, gives me the estates in question, and my own hand shall never betray my right!'
Sherlock work at an early hour, little refreshed by sleep, for uneasy dreams had pursued him, and marred the kindest blessing of the unhappy. But, when he opened the casement, looked out upon the woods, bright with the morning sun, and inspired the pure air, his mind was soothed.
“But a bit of public profile might open up a few more options for you, wouldn’t it? Must dash,” said Anthea, leaving John feeling distinctly off-kilter for the 23
Sherlock listened in vain hope for the name of John. Mycroft spoke in his turn of the delights of Venice, and of the pleasure he expected from visiting the fine castle of Moriarty, on the Apennine; which latter mention, at least, was merely a retaliating boast, for Sherlock well knew, that his brother had no taste for solitary grandeur, and, particularly, for such as the castle of Musgrovio promised. Thus the party continued to converse, and, as far as civility would permit, to torture each other by mutual boasts, while they reclined on sofas in the portico, and were environed with delights both from nature and art, by which any honest minds would have been tempered to benevolence, and happy imaginations would have been soothed into enchantment.
'I have deserved this,' said he, 'but not from Moriarty. It is from you, Sherlock, that I have deserved punishment, yet I receive only pity!' He paused, for he had spoken with difficulty. After a moment, he proceeded. 'I must resign you, but not to Moriarty. Forgive me the sufferings I have already occasioned you! But for THAT villain—his infamy shall not go unpunished. Carry me from this place,' said he to his servants. 'I am in no condition to travel: you must, therefore, take me to the nearest cottage, for I will not pass the night under his roof, although I may expire on the way from it.’  Cesario was now going to call up the carriage to the great gate, but the Count forbade him. 'I cannot bear the motion of a carriage,' said he: 'call some others of my people, that they may assist in bearing me in their arms.'
Sherlock stared. John began to giggle, back against the wall, hands clutched over his chest as he laughed. Sherlock slumped against the counter, unable to fight the answering snigger that turned into a chuckle, a laugh, a guffaw. It was as if something broke loose in his chest as looked at John, laughed with him.
Holmes gazed earnestly and tenderly upon his portrait, put it to his lips, and then to his heart, and sighed with a convulsive force. Sherlock could scarcely believe what he saw to be real; he could form no deduction relating to this circumstance.
He fidgets and squirms in his seat, occasionally being shot quashing looks by hateful Mycroft who sits statue-still, hands resting on the umbrella upright between his legs. On his other side, Father is too busy examining his new pins and sticking them into his hat to pay much heed to Sherlock’s frustrated sighs. And Mummy is thoroughly enjoying the show, clapping and ‘ooh-aah’ing at the appropriate spots and resolutely ignoring them all.
Sherlock suddenly remembered the wounded person, whom he had seen borne into the servants' hall, and scarcely doubted, that it was Hopkins, but he concealed the circumstance from Molly, and endeavoured to comfort her. Then, impatient to be on his way, he again enquired the way to the turret.
'Who is that young man?' said his brother, in an accent which equally implied inquisitiveness and censure. 'Some idle admirer of yours I suppose; but I believed brother you had a greater sense of propriety, than to have received the visits of any young man in your present unfriended situation. Let me tell you the world will observe those things, and it will talk, aye and very freely too.'
The travellers saw plainly their danger. John was silent, but laid his hand on one of Holmes's pistols; Sherlock drew forth another, and Michael was ordered to proceed as fast as possible. They passed the place, however, without being attacked; the rovers being probably unprepared for the opportunity, and too busy about their supper to feel much interest, at the moment, in any thing besides.
When, however, in the silence of his own apartment, Wilkes determined not to neglect the present possibility of obtaining Sherlock by other means. To his confidential valet he told his design of carrying away Sherlock, and sent him back to Moriarty's servants to find out one among them, who might enable him to execute it. The choice of this person he entrusted to the fellow's own discernment, and not imprudently; for he discovered a man, whom Moriarty had, on some former occasion, treated harshly, and who was now ready to betray him. This man conducted Cesario round the castle, through a private passage, to the stair-case, that led to Sherlock's chamber; then shewed him a short way out of the building, and afterwards procured him the keys, that would secure his retreat. The man was well rewarded for his trouble; how the Count was rewarded for his treachery, has already appeared.
They landed at St. Mark's, where the gaiety of the colonnades and the beauty of the night, made Mycroft willingly submit to the Count's solicitations to join the promenade, and afterwards to take a supper with the rest of the party, at his Casino. It was fitted up with infinite taste, and a splendid banquet was prepared; but here Sherlock's reserve made the Count perceive, that it was necessary for him interest to win the favour of Monsieur Mycroft, which, from the condescension he had already shewn, appeared to be an achievement of no great difficulty. He transferred, therefore, part of his attention from Sherlock to his brother, who felt too much flattered by the distinction even to disguise his emotion; and before the party broke up, Sebastian Wilkes had entirely engaged Mycroft’s esteem. Whenever he addressed him, Mycroft’s ungracious countenance relaxed into smiles, and to whatever Count Wilkes proposed, Mycroft assented. The Count invited him, with the rest of the party, to take coffee, in his box at the opera, on the following evening, and Sherlock heard the invitation accepted, with strong anxiety, concerning the means of excusing himself from accompanying them thither.
Sherlock strode through the village, keen to get back to his room quickly. The sky looked like it was going to cloud over again, although the whipping winds of the morning had died down. His laptop should be done charging by now, meaning Sherlock could get back to his research. That is if Hudders hadn’t a) noticed he’d swiped it back; and b) managed to find it where Sherlock had hidden it up in the ceiling, having pried open a promising looking ceiling tile. He reflected with momentary smugness on this hiding spot, but only fools were complacent. The old woman was both wily and determined. She was continually acting on her threats to convince Sherlock to ‘enjoy the atmosphere,’ conniving ways to snap pictures of Sherlock each day and text them to his parents like some strange sports-themed proof of life in a hostage situation. The metaphor being entirely apt; really; vis-à-vis:
'Who, I!—No, I never did. But this morning,' continued Molly, lowering her voice, and looking round the room, 'this morning, as it was broad daylight, do you know, ma'am, I took a strange fancy to see it, as I had heard such odd hints about it, and I got as far as the door, and should have opened it, if it had not been locked!'
Sherlock received, about the same period, a much more interesting letter, and which soothed for a while every anxiety of his heart. John, hoping Sherlock might be still at Venice, had trusted a letter to the ordinary post, that told of his health, and of his unceasing and anxious affection. He had lingered at Tholouse for some time after Sherlock’s departure, that he might indulge the melancholy pleasure of wandering through the scenes where he had been accustomed to behold his lover, and had thence gone to his brother's chateau, which was in the neighbourhood of Bakersfield. Having mentioned this, he added, 'If the duty of attending my regiment did not require my departure, I know not when I should have resolution enough to quit the neighbourhood of a place which is endeared by the remembrance of you. The vicinity to Bakersfield has alone detained me thus long at Estuviere: I frequently ride thither early in the morning, that I may wander, at leisure, through the day, among scenes, which were once your home, where I have been accustomed to see you, and to hear you converse. I have renewed my acquaintance with the good old Mrs. Hudson, who rejoiced to see me, that she might talk of you: I need not say how much this circumstance attached me to her, or how eagerly I listened to her upon her favourite subject. You will guess the motive that first induced me to make myself known to Mrs. Hudson: it was, indeed, no other than that of gaining admittance into the chateau and gardens, which my Sherlock had so lately inhabited: here, then, I wander, and meet your image under every shade: but chiefly I love to sit beneath the spreading branches of your favourite plane, where once, Sherlock, we sat together; where I first ventured to tell you, that I loved.'
for our favorite sportspeople, like 40+ per athlete.  That's enough to take some home for a souvenir.  They were indeed dispensed in vending machines and also by
'I fear, to thy peril, my good Molly,' said Sherlock; 'for it seems her verses have stolen thy heart. But let me advise you; if it is so, keep the secret; never let her know it.'
At length, the travellers began to ascend among the Apennines. The immense pine-forests, which, at that period, overhung these mountains, and between which the road wound, excluded all view but of the cliffs aspiring above, except, that, now and then, an opening through the dark woods allowed the eye a momentary glimpse of the country below. The gloom of these shades, their solitary silence, except when the breeze swept over their summits, the tremendous precipices of the mountains, that came partially to the eye, each assisted to sink the solemnity of Sherlock's feelings into the deepest gloom. He was going he scarcely knew whither, under the dominion of a person, from whose arbitrary disposition he had already suffered so much, to marry, perhaps, a man who possessed neither his affection, nor esteem; or to endure, beyond the hope of succour, whatever punishment revenge might dictate. The more he considered what might be the motive of the journey, the more he became convinced, that it was for the purpose of concluding the nuptials with Count Wilkes, with that secrecy, which his absolute resistance had made necessary to the honour of Moriarty. From the deep solitudes, into which he was descending, and from the gloomy castle, of which he had heard some mysterious hints, his sick heart recoiled in despair.
But where was he now?  John had (reluctantly) waved him off back to his own room to get ready for the closing ceremony with strict instructions to wear his medal and not to forget to charge his shoes. But the buses out to stadium had been manic and John hadn’t seen him and Sherlock wasn’t answering his phone. He chewed at his lip.
Sherlock, now full of suspicion and neither approving these 'roundabout passage,' nor the other part of the request, now positively refused to go. 'Tell him,' said he, 'if he has any thing of consequence to impart, I will hear him in the corridor, whenever he has an opportunity of coming thither.'
“God, Mycroft, couldn’t you have organized this better?” Sherlock says idly as they wait for their parents, who have disappeared in the coffee queue, leaving them strict instructions not to move.
Thus John he was set down in the midst of Paris, in the pride of youth, with an open, unsuspicious temper and ardent affections, without one friend, to warn him of the dangers, to which he was exposed. Sherlock, who, had he been present, would have saved him from these evils by awakening his heart, and engaging him in worthy pursuits, now only increased his danger;—it was to lose the grief, which his remembrance occasioned, that John first sought amusement; and for this end he pursued it, till habit made it an object of abstract interest.
“Well, Kate, here we are at the half-way point in this competition, and it has not disappointed! Uchimura taking the early lead over Verniaiev after their first event on floor, but the Ukrainian battling back and outscoring Uchimura on the next two events and currently in the gold medal position. The Japanese star in Bronze medal position and our own John Watson currently in the silver medal position with three rotations to go.”
“That’s why there was no-one on the CCTV leaving, because no-one left. Huh,” says John, to Sherlock’s nod.
“Fuck! Fuck!” John scrambled upright and against the corner of the bed, peering into the gloom. “Sherlock?!”
This was the first and the last entertainment, given in celebration of their nuptials. Moriarty, though the severity of his temper and the gloominess of his pride prevented him from enjoying such festivities, was extremely willing to promote them. Moriarty was a master of cruelty and exploitation; in such gatherings of people he could find those on which to practice his talents.  But his husband, who had a consciousness of his inferiority to other men, in personal attractions, which counteracted his readiness for mingling with all the parties Tholouse could afford.
It was not till they had passed the eastern limits of the Milanese, that the travellers saw any troops, when, as the evening was drawing to a close, they saw what appeared to be an army winding onward along the distant plains, whose spears and other arms caught the last rays of the sun. As the column advanced through a part of the road, contracted between two hillocks, some of the commanders, on horseback, were distinguished on a small hill, pointing and making signals for the march; while several of the officers were riding along the line directing its progress, according to the signs communicated by those above; and others, separating from the vanguard, which had emerged from the pass, were riding carelessly along the plains at some distance to the right of the army.
'O my Sherlock!' he resumed, after a long pause, 'I do then see you once again, and hear again the sound of that voice! I have haunted this place—these gardens, for many—many nights, with a faint, very faint hope of seeing you. This was the only chance that remained to me, and thank heaven! it has at length succeeded— But you are going from me,' said he, 'to a distant country, O how distant!—to new society, new friends, new admirers, with people too, who will try to make you forget me, and to promote new connections! How can I know this, and not know, that you will never return for me—never can be mine.' John’s voice was stifled by sighs.
“Here come the athletes now for their introductions, Irene. The first group is made up of the top six qualifiers – what can you tell us?”
“Oof! What was that for?” he complained, clutching the pillow that had been thrown at him to his chest.
'I had hoped, sir, that it was no longer necessary for me to disclaim it,' said Sherlock, ‘I had hoped, from your silence, that you were convinced of your error.'
After this conversation, the mind of Holmes appeared to be much more at ease; but exhausted by the effort of speaking. Sherlock played upon the violin for his father; drew airs he designed to be soft and soothing but were inadvertently infused with his own melancholy.
'Nay, Molly, you do not think I can wait in the gallery all night,' replied Sherlock. 'Direct me to the turret; in the morning I will endeavour to release you.'
'This discourse, Count Wilkes, sufficiently proves, that my affections ought not to be yours,' said Sherlock sharply, 'and this conduct, that I should not be placed beyond the reach of oppression, so long as I remained in your power. If you wish me to believe otherwise, cease to oppress me any longer by your presence. If you refuse this, you will compel me to expose you to the resentment of Signor Moriarty.'
'This is very extraordinary!' said Holmes without attending to the question. 'Why is it so, my dear sir?' said Sherlock, in a voice of curiosity. Holmes made no reply, and in a few moments asked who had succeeded to the estates. 'I have forgot his title, monsieur,' said La Voisin; 'but my lord resides at Paris chiefly; I hear no talk of his coming hither.'
They are moving out, the long line slowly snaking out through the one entrance into the stadium.  For as long as the eye can see in front and behind is a swarm of white jackets and shoes flashing up in blue, white and red. He shakes the flag out from under his arm and starts walking out into the music and the lights.
to be my agent, it is an honour I did not solicit. I myself have constantly assured Count Wilkes, and you also, sir, that I never can accept these proposals, and I now repeat the declaration.'
While he continued gazing, Douglas, Verezzi, and Bertolini came forth from the hall, habited like the rest, except that they wore hats, with a mixed plume of black and scarlet, and that their arms differed from those of the rest of the party. Moriarty then appeared at the hall door, but un-accoutred. Having carefully observed the horsemen, conversed awhile with the cavaliers, and bidden them farewell, the band wheeled round the court, and, led by Verezzi, issued forth under the portcullis; Moriarty following to the portal, and gazing after them for some time. Sherlock then retired from the casement, and went to walk on the ramparts, from whence he soon after saw the party winding among the mountains to the west, appearing and disappearing between the woods, till distance confused their figures, consolidated their numbers, and only a dingy mass appeared moving along the heights.
'What impropriety! why that of receiving the visits of a lover unknown to your family,' replied Monsieur Mycroft, not considering the impropriety of which he had himself been guilty, in exposing his young brother to the possibility of conduct so erroneous.
The deep stillness, that succeeded, was as expressive as the strain that had just ceased. It was uninterrupted for several minutes, till a general sigh seemed to release the company from their enchantment. Sherlock, however, long indulged the pleasing sadness, that had stolen upon her spirits; but the gay and busy scene that appeared, as the barge approached St. Mark's Place, at length roused her attention. The rising moon, which threw a shadowy light upon the terraces, and illumined the porticos and magnificent arcades that crowned them, discovered the various company, whose light steps, soft guitars, and softer voices, echoed through the colonnades.
'O! a great deal, indeed, monsieur, for the Signor laid claim to the castle directly, as being the next heir, and they said, that is, the judges said, he could not take possession of it till so many years were gone by, and then, if, after all, the lady could not be found, why she would be as good as dead, and the castle would be his own; and so it is his own. But the story went round, and many strange reports were spread, so very strange, monsieur, that I shall not tell them.'
“Good evening viewers and it’s great to be with you again as we come to you with the final artistic gymnastics event of the day, of these games in fact, it’s the pommel horse final. It’s already been an outstanding day here for Great Britain, John Watson taking a surprise gold in the parallel bars less than two hours ago, and Amy Tinkler taking a bronze in the women’s floor final later on.
Sherlock had been some time in his apartment, before the tumult of his mind allowed him to reflect upon several of the past circumstances. Then, again, the dead form, which the curtain in the portal-chamber had disclosed, came to his fancy, and he uttered a groan, which terrified Molly the more, as Sherlock forbore to satisfy her curiosity, on the subject of it, for he feared to trust her with so fatal a secret, lest her indiscretion should call down the immediate vengeance of Moriarty.
“Wonderful. Well John, congratulations again on your success here at Rio, thanks for talking with us today.”
'You can never hope any thing from Moriarty,' said Wilkes, 'he has used me infamously, and my vengeance shall pursue him. And for you, Sherlock, for you, he has new plans more profitable than the last, no doubt.' The gleam of freedom, which the Count's former speech had revived, was now nearly extinguished; and, while Sherlock's countenance betrayed the emotions of his mind, Wilkes endeavoured to take advantage of the discovery.
Someone moves in front of the urinal between them and John hurriedly tucks himself back into his pants and moves over to the sinks. In a few moments Sieger is at the taps next to him, looking inquisitive and John is lamely trying to explain about the athlete seating regulations.
Reason, had Mycroft consulted it, would now have perplexed him in the choice of a conduct to be adopted. It would have pointed out the danger of irritating by further opposition a man, such as Moriarty had proved himself to be, and to whose power he had so entirely committed himself; and it would also have told him, of what extreme importance to his future comfort it was, to reserve for those possessions, which would enable him to live independently of Moriarty, should he ever escape from his immediate control. But Mycroft was directed by a more decisive guide than reason—the spirit of revenge, which urged him to oppose violence to violence, and obstinacy to obstinacy.
Sherlock said he hoped not, but this expression of hope Molly thought implied fear, and her own increased in proportion, as Sherlock endeavoured to encourage her.
'I see you are still thinking of Mons. Watson’ said his brother. ‘Pray get rid of all those fantastic notions about love,  they are nothing to the purpose—for your marriage with the Count takes place tomorrow, you know, whether you approve it or not.'
Sherlock looks down his long nose at John. “To get you something to eat,” said Sherlock eventually. “It’s obvious your hunger has impaired your brain function.” John’s stomach heartily agrees with this suggestion, so John ignores the insult and walks briskly alongside Sherlock, who’s still muttering something about kinetic energy and blunt force trauma.
On the following day Mycroft, being alone with Sherlock, introduced the mention of Count Wilkes, by expressing his surprise, that Sherlock had not joined the party on the water the preceding evening, and at his abrupt departure to Venice. Sherlock then related what had passed, expounded on what he called a ‘mutual mistake’ that had occurred between Moriarty and himself, and solicited his brother’s offices in urging him to give a decisive denial to the count's further addresses; but he soon perceived, that Mycroft had not been ignorant of the late conversation, when he introduced the present.
Violet tuts. “Oh dear, yes I’m sure they’ll be very excited!  We are terribly lucky to be here with our Sherlock, indeed.” Her youngest son stares up at the ceiling, teacup and saucer in hand.
When the servants had withdrawn, Moriarty and his friends entered into close conversation, amidst which one of them imprudently introduced again the name of Wilkes; and Verezzi, now more heated by wine, disregarded the expressive looks of Douglas, and gave some dark hints of what had passed on the preceding night. These, however, Moriarty did not appear to understand, for he continued silent in his chair, without discovering any emotion, while, the irritation of Verezzi increasing with the apparent insensibility of Moriarty, he at length told the suggestion of Wilkes, that this castle did not lawfully belong to him, and that he would not willingly leave another murder on his conscience.
Molly went to deliver this message, and was absent a considerable time. When she returned, 'It won't do, ma'amselle,' said she. 'Barnardine has been considering all this time what can be done, for it is as much as his place is worth to leave his post now. But, if you will come to the east rampart in the dusk of the evening, he can, perhaps, steal away, and tell you all he has to say.'
When Molly recovered, she was helped by Sherlock into the chamber, but was still unable to speak, and looked round her, as if her eyes followed some person in the room. In time Molly affirmed, and with a solemnity of conviction, that almost staggered the incredulity of Sherlock, that she had seen an apparition, as she was passing to the bedroom, through the corridor.
Sherlock sat down to the little table, that was spread for him and gestured Molly to sit also. While Molly ate, she told of the arrival of the men, whom Sherlock had observed on the ramparts, and expressed much surprise at their strange appearance, as well as at the manner, in which they had been attended by Moriarty's order. 'Do they dine with the Signor, then?' said Sherlock.
In the evening, not choosing to venture down to the ramparts, where he would be exposed to the rude gaze of Moriarty's associates, Sherlock walked for air in the gallery, adjoining his chamber; on reaching the further end of which he heard distant sounds of merriment and laughter. It was the wild uproar of riot, not the cheering gaiety of tempered mirth; and seemed to come from that part of the castle, where Moriarty usually was. Such sounds, at this time, when his brother had been so few days dead, distressed Sherlock, consistent though it might be with the late conduct of Moriarty.
Sherlock gets his chance to speak to Mons. Anderson about his many and varied problems.  How will that go, I wonder?
'I was not on guard that night,' replied the man, 'but I heard of what happened. There are some amongst us, who believe strange things. Strange stories, too, have long been told of this castle, but it is no business of mine to repeat them.'
The intelligent eyes of Sherlock seemed to read what passed in the mind of his father, and he fixed them on his face, with an expression of such tender pity, as recalled Holmes’s thoughts and he remembered only, that he must leave his son, not yet of age, without protection. The sun now threw a last yellow gleam on the waves of the Mediterranean, and the gloom of twilight spread fast over the scene, till only a melancholy ray appeared on the western horizon.
They travelled on, sunk in that thoughtful melancholy, with which twilight and solitude impress the mind. Michael had now ended his ditty, and nothing was heard but the drowsy murmur of the breeze among the woods, and its light flutter, as it blew freshly into the carriage. They were at length roused by the sound of fire-arms. Holmes called to the muleteer to stop, and they listened. The noise was not repeated; but presently they heard a rustling along the side of the road. Holmes drew forth a pistol, equipped his son similarly, and ordered Michael to proceed as fast as possible. Before they had covered much ground a horn sounded, that made the mountains ring.
From a little hill he looked back upon Tholouse, and the far-seen plains of Gascony, beyond which the broken summits of the Pyrenees appeared on the distant horizon, lighted up by a morning sun. The trees, that impended over the high banks of the road and formed a line of perspective with the distant country, now threatened to exclude the view of them; but the blueish mountains still appeared beyond the dark foliage, and Sherlock continued to lean from the coach window, till at length the closing branches shut them from sight.
John is standing at the urinals during the break between the rotations, contemplating the mysteries of the universe (what are his chances on Strictly, realistically? Plus: he could do lots of lifts, easy. Minus: existing dance experience is mostly grinding in dark clubs) when he hears his name called.
Having crossed the foot of the stair-case, and passed through an ante-room, they entered a spacious apartment, whose walls, wainscoted with black larch-wood, the growth of the neighbouring mountains, were scarcely distinguishable from darkness itself. 'Bring more light,' said Moriarty, as he entered.
John restrained the impulse, that urged him to the house of Moriarty, to demand what had been denied to his entreaties. He only repeated his solicitations to see him; seconding them with all the arguments his situation could suggest. Thus several days passed, in remonstrance, on one side, and inflexible denial, on the other; for Moriarty was neither softened to pity by the agony which John's letters pourtrayed, or awakened to a repentance of his own injustice by the strong remonstrances he employed. At length, John's letters were returned unopened, and then, in the first moments of passionate despair, he hastened to Moriarty's chateau, determined to see him by whatever other means might be necessary. Moriarty was denied, and John, when he afterwards enquired for Monsieur Mycroft and Monsieur Holmes, was absolutely refused admittance by the servants.
Moriarty was silent; the guests looked at each other, to know who spoke; but they perceived, that each was making the same enquiry. Moriarty, at length, recovered himself. 'We are overheard,' said he: 'we will finish this subject another time. Pass the goblet.'
What happens next is a jarringly painful blow to his thigh, sending his legs spinning out into the air and he is slowly falling, fingers desperately grabbing for a hold once again as he slides over the edge. The shock of his legs smacking into the wall nearly undoes him, the air leaving his chest as his stomach scrapes over the ledge.
“This competition wide open Kate. The gold and silver medallists from London retiring after those games, not back to contest their medals, our own John Watson coming second to this man at the world championships, let’s see how he does now… very strong beginning with this handstand sequence.”
Lestrade sighs and fumbles in his pocket before waving his phone at John. “BBC app - data charge’ll kill me, but I can’t be having with your sad face,” Lestrade says into his knees; but John is already navigating his way to the live stream of today’s events.
It seems inevitable that he’s run to the training facility, its white walls shivering in the breeze as John’s feet run ever closer to it. Outside, he can hear classical music playing through the tarped walls, something moody and dark. He puts his fingertips to it and thinks about something Sherlock had said about not needing much sleep.
While he said this Sherlock turned round, and perceiving that John was still bleeding, the subject of his alarm changed again, and he hastily formed some handkerchiefs into a bandage and pressed them with a trembling hand to John’s shoulder. This stopped the effusion of the blood; but Sherlock, dreading the consequence of the wound, knew not how John, in his present state, would bear the motion of the carriage for the remaining distance to Beaujeau, and observed that he was already faint from loss of blood. When he mentioned this, John entreated that he would not suffer himself to be thus alarmed on his account, for that he had no doubt he should be able to support himself very well; and then he talked of the accident as a slight one.  Sherlock abused John for an idiot, directed him into the chaise, and as his father was now revived and John’s horse recovered, they moved slowly on towards Beaujeu.
John was a stranger to the gradual progress of scheme and intrigue, against which he could not be on his guard. He had not been accustomed to receive ridicule, and he could ill endure its sting; he resented it, and this only drew upon him a louder laugh. To escape from such scenes, he fled into solitude, and there the image of Sherlock met him, and revived the pangs of love and despair. To forget himself and the grief and anxiety, which the idea of Sherlock then recalled, he would quit his solitude, and again mingle in the crowd—glad of a temporary relief, and rejoicing to snatch amusement for the moment.
It was very late before their gondola was ordered, and Sherlock's surprise was extreme, when, on quitting the Casino, he beheld the broad sun rising out of the Adriatic, while St. Mark's Place was yet crowded with company. Unusually, sleep had long weighed heavily on his eyes, but now the fresh sea-breeze revived him, and he would have quitted the scene with regret, had not the Count been present, performing the duty, which he had imposed upon herself, of escorting them home. There they heard that Moriarty was not yet returned; and his husband retired in displeasure.
We now return to John, who, it may be remembered, remained at Tholouse, some time after the departure of Sherlock, restless and miserable. Each morrow that approached, he designed should carry him from thence; yet to-morrow and to-morrow came, and still saw him lingering in the scene of his former happiness.
“Oh my, would you look at that,” Mycroft says in an utterly unsurprised tone, holding his phone up for Sherlock’s inspection.  “Footage of Ryan Lochte vandalizing a petrol station has come to light, how interesting.”
'O! that is the Chevalier Watson,' said Douglas carelessly, and looking back. 'You know him then?' said Monsieur Mycroft. 'I am not acquainted with him,' replied Douglas. 'You don't know, then, the reason I have to call him impertinent;—he has had the presumption to admire my brother!'
One night, on which a council was not held, Morstan came in great agitation of spirits, and dispatched his confidential servant to Moriarty, who was at a Casino, desiring that he would return home immediately; but charging the servant not to mention her name. Moriarty obeyed the summons, and, on meeting Morstan, was informed of the circumstances that occasioned her visit.
With light and hasty steps Sherlock passed through the long galleries, while the feeble glimmer of the lamp he carried only shewed the gloom around him, and the passing air threatened to extinguish it. The lonely silence, that reigned in this part of the castle, oppressed him; now and then, indeed, he heard a faint peal of laughter rise from a remote part of the edifice, where the servants were assembled, but it was soon lost, and a kind of breathless stillness remained. As he passed the suite of rooms which he had visited in the morning, his eyes glanced fearfully on the door, and he almost fancied he heard murmuring sounds within, but paused not a moment to enquire.
Sherlock gave him a little half smile. “No, John; we need to get you some breakfast.” John felt an unexpected flush of warmth at Sherlock’s thoughtfulness.  “I could hear your stomach rumbling even over the music you enjoyed
, Sherlock is beautiful. Tall and willowy, he’s removed the tie from his Olympic suit and the now-open collar of the shirt elongates his neck to swan-like proportions. In the reflected light from the building his skin is so pale as to be almost blue, and John thinks:
Sherlock knew indeed, that his brother had little reason to love Moriarty, but could scarcely have believed Mycroft capable of such perfect apathy, as he now displayed towards his husband; having obtained permission, however, for Molly to sleep in his chamber, he went thither immediately.
'I have just been writing to Mons. Anderson,' said he when Sherlock appeared, 'in reply to the letter I received from him a few days ago, and I wished to talk to you upon a subject that occupied part of it.'
Anthea smiled widely, showing a mouthful of straight white teeth in a way that was both innocuous and terrifying. “Oh, don’t you worry about me,” she said as she picked up the tray.
At that simple command, they took a small step forward and up onto one leg, bodies turned away from each other. The other leg was raised high, parallel to the floor, curving towards the other person. The arm closest to John was raised gracefully up, the other extended back behind the body. It was a stunning composition, and John just looked over the top of the camera for a long moment, drinking in the symmetry and beauty of the pose. Fortunately, he remembered what he was meant to be doing and pressed down on the button, inadvertently taking 17 separate photos.  He looked down at the screen and swallowed. “It’s lovely, guys,” he said. “Yeah, it’s a good one.”
“Well you know how I love variety Irene, and this routine has it in spades. Impressive difficulty too, I’m really looking forward to this routine from the third-highest qualifier.”
Sherlock was roused from the musing mood into which the picture had thrown him, by the closing of the garden gate; and, on turning his eyes to the window, he saw John coming towards the chateau. On meeting him in the parlour, Sherlock was struck with the change that appeared in his air and countenance since they had parted in Rousillon, which twilight and the distress he suffered on the preceding evening had prevented him from observing. But dejection and languor disappeared, for a moment, in the smile that now enlightened John’s countenance, on perceiving Sherlock. 'You see,' said he, 'I have availed myself of the permission with which you honoured me—of bidding YOU farewell, whom I had the happiness of meeting only yesterday.'
The dance ceased on the approach of the carriage, which was a phenomenon in these sequestered woods, and the peasantry flocked round it with eager curiosity. On learning that it brought a sick stranger, several girls ran across the turf, and returned with wine and baskets of grapes, which they presented to the travellers, each fluttering their eyes at Sherlock’s beauty. At length, the carriage stopped at a neat cottage, and his venerable conductor, having assisted Holmes to alight, led him and Sherlock to a small inner room, illuminated only by moon-beams, which the open casement admitted. Holmes, rejoicing in rest, seated himself in an arm-chair, and his senses were refreshed by the cool and balmy air, that lightly waved the embowering honeysuckles, and wafted their sweet breath into the apartment.
'Then, sir, we entirely misunderstood each other,' replied Sherlock, at a loss, for to move away from Moriarty was to move closer to the Count.
Moriarty having determined not to leave Venice, till towards evening, that he might avoid the heats, and catch the cool breezes of night, embarked about an hour before sun-set, with his family, in a barge, for the Brenta. Sherlock sat alone near the stern of the vessel, and, as it floated slowly on, watched the gay and lofty city lessening from his view, till its palaces seemed to sink in the distant waves, while its loftier towers and domes, illumined by the declining sun, appeared on the horizon, like those far-seen clouds which, in more northern climes, often linger on the western verge, and catch the last light of a summer's evening. Soon after, even these grew dim, and faded in distance from his sight; but he still sat gazing on the vast scene of cloudless sky, and mighty waters, and listening to the deep-sounding waves.
'O, but, monsieur, I forgot to ask—how did you sleep in this dreary old chamber last night?'—'As well as usual.'—'Did you hear no noises?'—'None.'—'Nor see anything?'—'Nothing.'—'Well, that is surprising!'—'Not in the least: and now I deduce that you have something to tell me about these  chambers, Molly, so pray come out with the story.'
They brought a retrospect of all the strange and mournful events; the terrible discoveries and suspicions which had taken root in his mind; which had occurred since he lived in peace with his parents. And to Sherlock, who had been so tenderly educated, so tenderly loved, who once knew only goodness and happiness—to him, the late events and his present situation—in a foreign land—in a remote castle—surrounded by vice and violence—seemed more like the visions of a distempered imagination, than the circumstances of truth.
John, still apparently looking right at him, is moving his arms and doing some kind of rolling motion with his midsection that is whiting out parts of Sherlock’s brain.
Sherlock returned, with delight, to the liberty which their presence had restrained, to his books, his walks, and the rational conversation of M. and Madame Holmes, who seemed to rejoice, no less, that they were delivered from the shackles, which arrogance and frivolity had imposed.
'My brother IS murdered, then!' said Sherlock in an inward voice, and shuddering instantaneously. Sherlock, recollecting the attempt that had been made to carry him off, asked if the contriver of it had been discovered. Molly replied, that he had not, though he might easily be guessed at; and then told Sherlock he might thank her for deliverance.  'I was determined to be even with Barnardine for refusing to tell me the secret, by finding it out myself; so I watched you, on the terrace, and, as soon as he had opened the door at the end, I stole out from the castle, to try to follow you; for, says I, I am sure no good can be planned, or why all this secrecy? So, sure enough, he had not bolted the door after him, and, when I opened it, I saw, by the glimmer of the torch, at the other end of the passage, which way you were going. I followed the light, at a distance, till you came to the vaults of the chapel, and there I was afraid to go further, for I had heard strange things about these vaults.’
'I have no time to attend to these idle whims,' said Moriarty, 'that chamber was prepared for you, and you must rest contented with it. It is not probable, that any person would take the trouble of going to that remote stair-case, for the purpose of fastening a door. If it was not fastened, when you entered the chamber, the wind, perhaps, shook the door and made the bolts slide. But I know not why I should undertake to account for so trifling an occurrence.'
'Do you know this hand?' said he, in a severe tone, and with a look that was intended to search his heart, while Sherlock examined the letter with a show of great attention, assured his brother that he did not. He had, of course, instantly deduced by the strong, upright characters of the letter ‘H’ that John Watson was his brother’s correspondent.
'Not any whatever, Sir,' replied Sherlock, 'and, therefore, at least, suffer me to be happy in my humility.'
” It’s all rather interesting, and then his lungs remind him there’s insufficient air and he is gasping, sucking in air and retching.
John paused a moment, in great agitation, and then added, 'May I venture to tell you the purport of my visit, without incurring your displeasure, and to hope, that you will not accuse me of precipitation in now availing myself of the permission you once gave me of addressing your family?' Sherlock, who knew not what to reply, was spared from further perplexity, and was sensible only of fear, when on raising his eyes, he saw Monsieur Mycroft turn into the avenue. As John moved to stand at his side; Sherlock felt his solid warmth and this fear was so far dissipated as to permit him to appear tranquil, and, instead of avoiding his brother, he advanced with John to meet Mycroft.
A fortnight passed in a round of dissipation and company, and Sherlock, who was forced to attend Monsieur Mycroft in all his visits, was sometimes entertained by the opportunities to practice his deductions, but oftener wearied. He would have been struck by the apparent talents and knowledge displayed in the various conversations he listened to, if it were not that the talents were for the most part those of imposture, and the knowledge nothing more than was necessary to assist them.
Having reached the pavillion, he paused a moment to look round, but he heard only the plaintive sweetness of the nightingale, with the light shiver of the leaves; and plains extending gradually and indistinctly to the eye to distant mountains, and the nearer river reflecting the moon.
Here we are back where we started: the Maracanã Stadium, to put the cap on a fortnight of sports, crime, and love.  Merry Christmas, all.
Choice made, John jogs around the rear of the stadium, eyes peeled for a Team GB uniform, but luck is not with him. Just empty concrete. “Fuck,” John mutters mulishly, kicking a demountable trailer parked up against the stadium wall for good measure. Its sheet metal sides send out a satisfying reverberation of sound, but the impact on his toe is less gratifying. “Ow, fuck!” he says again, this time with a grunt of pain.
'Caterina went to the north-gallery, that is the wide gallery we passed, ma'am, before we came to the corridor, here. As she went with the lamp in her hand, thinking of nothing at all—There, again!' cried Molly suddenly—'I heard it again!—it was not fancy, monsieur!'
It was unnecessary to call Molly, whose lamentations were audible upon the first approach to the gallery, and who, bewailing her own and Hopkins's fate, told Sherlock, that she should certainly be starved to death, if she was not let out immediately. Sherlock replied, that he was going to beg her release of Carlo; but the terrors of hunger now yielded to those of Moriarty, and, when Sherlock left her, she was loudly entreating, that her place of refuge might be concealed from him.
'The saddle will be ready in a minute,' replied the man who was buckling it, at whom Barnardine now swore again, for his negligence, and Sherlock, calling for help, was hurried towards the horses, while the ruffians disputed on which to place him, the one so designed not being ready. At this moment a cluster of lights issued from the great gates, and Sherlock heard the shrill voice of Molly above those of several other persons, who advanced. In the same moment, he distinguished Moriarty and Douglas, followed by a number of ruffian-faced fellows, to whom he no longer looked with terror, but with hope, for, at this instant, he did not tremble at the thought of any dangers, that might await him within the castle, whence so lately, and so anxiously, he had wished to escape. Those, which threatened him from without, had engrossed all his apprehensions.
“Right, it must be, yes,” says Connie, who is clearly also following the ‘say the same thing three different ways, it takes longer’ theory.   “With your competition over now, what are you planning for the rest of the games?  Will you be checking out some of the other events?”
It is now necessary to mention some circumstances, which could not be related amidst the events of Sherlock's hasty departure from Venice, or together with those, which so rapidly succeeded to his arrival in the castle.
This did not make for a convivial supper party; whilst the others were taking ices and coffee and calmly enjoying the beautiful evening; Sherlock, when he looked at the snow-capt Apennines, ascending in the distance, thought of Moriarty's castle, and suffered some terror, lest he should be conveyed thither, for the purpose of enforcing his obedience; but the thought vanished, when he considered, that he was as much in Moriarty’s power at Venice as he could be elsewhere.
“And it’s a 15.783 for Albers, that’s enough to move him into the silver medal position with two competitors to go.”
“Moving into the strength elements now with the inverted cross… you know I don’t think that was held for the required two seconds before moving into this forward roll sequence and oh! Oh he’s off!”
Sherlock was amused to hear him talk of being tempted to remain abroad, after he had mentioned his presence to be so necessary at Paris, that it was with difficulty he could steal away for a month or two; but for his father, the possibility that these projected improvements might be deferred, gave him a hope, that they might never take place.
“Listen to this crowd! The other competitors will really struggle blocking out this noise, Henry Knight for Team GB on the parallel bars will need all his energy to block out the cheers of this delighted home crowd here, at the Olympic Arena. Zanetti of course taking home the gold in London in this event, which was also Brazil’s first gymnastics Olympic medal… can he repeat the feat at his home Olympic games?”
“I shall tell her you send your felicitations, Sherlock,” said Victor, although he seemed uncertain, questioning.
They retired early to their chamber on the night before their departure; but Sherlock had a few books and other things to collect, and the clock had struck twelve before he had finished, or had remembered that some of his scientific instruments, which he meant to take with him, were in the parlour below. As he went to fetch these, he passed his father's room, and, perceiving the door half open, concluded that he was in his study. When he was below stairs he looked into this room, but without finding his father; and as he returned to his chamber, he tapped at his parent’s door, and receiving no answer, stepped softly in, to be certain whether he was there.
Increasing illness made Sieger now more anxious than ever to finish the day's journey, and he stopped the muleteer to enquire how far they had yet to go to the next post. He replied, 'Nine miles.' 'I feel I am unable to proceed much further,' said Holmes; 'enquire, as you go, if there is any house on the road that would accommodate us for the night.' He sunk back in the carriage, and Michael, cracking his whip in the air, set off, and continued on the full gallop, till Holmes, almost fainting, called to him to stop. Sherlock looked from the window, and saw a peasant walking at some little distance on the road, for whom they waited, till he came up, when he was asked, if there was any house in the neighbourhood that accommodated travellers. He replied, that he knew of none. 'There is a chateau, indeed, among those woods on the right,' added he, 'but I believe it receives nobody, and I cannot show you the way, for I am almost a stranger here.' Holmes was going to ask him some further question concerning the chateau, but the man abruptly passed on. Every moment now deepened the twilight, and increased the difficulty of finding the road. Another peasant soon after passed. 'Which is the way to the chateau in the woods?' cried Michael.
As Sherlock gazed, with these emotions, upon the turrets of the castle, rising high over the woods, the stranger, whom he believed to be confined there, returned to his remembrance, and anxiety and apprehension, lest he should be John, again passed like a cloud upon Sherlock’s joy. He recollected every circumstance, concerning this unknown person, since the night, when he had first heard the stranger play the song of his native province;—circumstances, which he had so often recollected, and compared before, without extracting from them any thing like conviction, and which still only prompted him to believe, that John was a prisoner at Musgrovio.
'Degrading indeed, my poor friend!' said Madame Petitbois. 'You may rely upon it I will contradict the report wherever I go;' as she said which, she turned her attention upon another part of the company; and Douglas, who had hitherto appeared a grave spectator of the scene, now fearing he should be unable to smother the laugh, that convulsed him, walked abruptly away.
With a sinking feeling, he turns over the red thing he’d seen from the ground, to see the embroidered ‘Team GB’ winking up at him. He looks at the tag on it, but knows before he sees the name inscribed on the luggage tag, that it belongs to one tall, gorgeous, but possibly very stupid, male rhythmic gymnast.
Sherlock still gazed on the countenance, examining its features, but he knew not where to detect the charm that captivated his attention, and inspired sentiments of such interest and pity. Dark brown hair played carelessly along the open forehead; the nose was rather inclined to aquiline; the lips spoke in a smile, but it was a melancholy one; the eyes were blue, and were directed upwards with an expression of peculiar meekness, while the soft cloud of the brow spoke of the fine sensibility of the temper.
'No, forsooth. Launcelot and I were on watch together, and every thing was so still, you might have heard a mouse stir, when, suddenly, Launcelot says—Sebastian! do you see nothing? I turned my head a little to the left, and then thought I did see something move; but there being no light, but what the stars gave, I could not be certain. We stood quite silent, to watch it, and presently saw something pass along the castle wall just opposite to us!'
Sherlock gasped a breath round the meat of his palm as John’s mouth was upon him, his gasps echoed in the shiver of the leaves in the night, only stopped once John’s mouth was upon his own again, claiming his cries as he felt the strong, sure, hand of John around him; around them both, driving him to the heights of the sublimest ecstasy.  His body trembled and shook, he was undone, he was entire, he was shattering apart under the body of his lover, he was coalescing and reforming under the moon-light and the cry of the nightingale.
John stepped forward, waved to the crowd as “John Watson, Great Britain” was called over the PA. Before the man next to him had even stepped forward the crowd was screaming, yelling; you could only hear the “Sergio Sasaki, Brazil” if you really strained. A little thought scurried into John’s brain:
“Is that for your event as well?” John asked, leaning over as other spectators began to get up around them, making a quick dash for the loos or drinks. “Are they your main medal competition?” As the words left his mouth, he reflected that could be quite an insensitive question. He didn’t even know if Sherlock thought he had a chance for a podium place; but somehow it seemed like Sherlock didn’t do something without intending to do it well.
“Yeah, well, I want to see Sherlock’s qualifier, and we’ve already missed half of it,” says John with forced calm, holding up his medals so they get into someone’s selfie.
“Hello viewers and welcome back to the Rio Olympic Arena, where the men take centre stage here for the third time. You’re here with me, Kate Garridebs and my co-commentator, Irene Adler. Twenty-four of the world’s best, aiming to become Olympic all-around champion. Athletes from Ukraine, Japan and Russia are the top three qualifiers, but sixteen nations are represented in this contest, this gladiatorial tournament of skill and discipline. These are the iron men of gymnastics, they must perform on each apparatus, six events for each, it will be an electrifying day’s competition in front of a great crowd here. Irene, this field of sportsmen is incredibly impressive. We are in for a thrilling day of gymnastics.”
With what emotions did he meet John in thought, at the customary hour of sun-set, when, wandering among the Alps, he watched the glorious orb sink amid their summits, his last tints die away on their snowy points, and a solemn obscurity steal over the scene! And when the last gleam had faded, he turned his eyes from the west with somewhat of the melancholy regret that is experienced after the departure of a beloved friend; while these lonely feelings were heightened by the spreading gloom, and by the low sounds, heard only when darkness confines attention, which make the general stillness more impressive—leaves shook by the air, the last sigh of the breeze that lingers after sun-set, or the murmur of distant streams.
As he said this, he took Sherlock's arm, and they began to ascend towards the woods, guided by the bell of the convent. The moon now threw a faint light over their path, and, soon after, enabled them to distinguish some towers rising above the tops of the woods. Still following the note of the bell, they entered the shade of those woods, lighted only by the moonbeams, that glided down between the leaves, and threw a tremulous uncertain gleam upon the steep track they were winding. The gloom and the silence that prevailed, except when the bell returned upon the air, together with the wildness of the surrounding scene, struck Sherlock with a degree of fear his logical mind could not quash, which, however, the near and solid presence of John somewhat repressed. When they had been some time ascending, Holmes complained of weariness, and they stopped to rest upon a little green summit, where the trees opened, and admitted the moon-light.
Sherlock endeavoured to obtain an understanding of the castle. Through a folding door he passed from the great hall to the ramparts, which extended along the brow of the precipice, round three sides of the edifice; the fourth was guarded by the high walls of the courts, and by the gateway, through which he had passed, on the preceding evening. The grandeur of the broad ramparts, and the changing scenery they overlooked, excited Sherlock’s admiration; for the extent of the terraces allowed the features of the country to be seen in such various points of view, that they appeared to form new landscapes. He often paused to examine the gothic magnificence of Musgrovio, its proud irregularity, its lofty towers and battlements, its high-arched casements, and its slender watch-towers, perched upon the corners of turrets. Then he would lean on the wall of the terrace, and measure with his eye the precipice below, till the dark summits of the woods arrested it. Wherever he turned, appeared mountain-tops, forests of pine and narrow glens, opening among the Apennines and retiring from the sight into inaccessible regions.
because of the noise and the flags waving and the muscles and the John! and he’s only just gone and done it, 16.041 and that’s it, the Cuban after this will never score that highly, John Watson is a gold medal winner and Sherlock can
John wishes Sherlock goodnight as the lift doors obscure him from sight. He tucks the cushion under his arm and heads down to hallway to his door, which is, by a great mercy, sock free.
'Certainly. Why should I not? they interrupt my prospects. There is a chesnut which spreads its branches before the whole south side of the chateau, and which is so ancient that they tell me the hollow of its trunk will hold a dozen men. Your enthusiasm will scarcely contend that there can be either use, or beauty, in such a sapless old tree as this.'
luck, Victor,” said Sherlock, sounding incredibly upper-class and irritating. For some unknowable reason, John was heartened.
“John, call her over,” nodded Sherlock at the line. John cranes his neck around, looking to see who Sherlock can possibly mean.
Sherlock was still for a moment before John heard the squelching of the cream and felt Sherlock’s hands on him. Sherlock was oddly conscientious about it, spreading the cream in great vertical stripes down John’s back with his large hands, right from his shoulder and hairline to the waistband of his trunks, as if making sure no inch of John’s skin would be left unprotected.  Used to mates slapping on cream on the shoulders haphazardly with one or two cursory rubs (nothing that could be considered as putting the romance into bromance!), it was a bit unusual, to say the least. Nice though.
“Mmm-hmm,” Bill replies. “Hey, Mike, do you remember a Greek bird, sailing or something, from the Beijing games?  Bailed me up in the cafeteria when she saw the uniform, wanting to know if Johnny was here again. Half his luck, I thought.”
The scene within was scarcely less gloomy. The old servant, who had received them at the gates, now entered, bending under a load of pine-branches, while two of Moriarty's Venetian servants followed with lights.
It must be getting close to the end of the qualifying session. Hopeful and nervous competitors are beginning to come in, filling up John’s little anteroom; the women’s qualifying rounds start immediately after this. John hunches over the phone and stares at it ferociously, doing his best to ignore the slowly building volume.
They chose a walk towards the mountains, intending to visit some old pensioners of Holmes, which, from his very moderate income, he contrived to support, though it is probable M. Anderson, with his very large one, could not have afforded this.
There was no time to be lost, and, committing his father to the care of Michael, who refused to go far from his mules, he stepped from the carriage in search of the chateau he had seen at a distance. It was a still moon-light night, and the music, which yet sounded on the air, directed his steps from the high road, up a shadowy lane, that led to the woods. His mind was for some time so entirely occupied by anxiety and terror for his father, that he felt none for himself, till the deepening gloom of the overhanging foliage, which now wholly excluded the moon-light, and the wildness of the place, recalled him to a sense of the adventurous situation. The music had ceased, and in the darkness, no deductions were possible – he had no guide but chance. He hurried on, however, not knowing whither, avoiding the recesses of the woods, and endeavouring to keep along their margin, till a rude kind of avenue, which opened upon a moon-light spot, arrested his attention. The wildness of this avenue brought to his recollection the one leading to the turreted chateau, and he was inclined to believe, that this was a part of the same domain, and probably led to the same point.
“You shouldn’t pick passcodes that are simple geometric patterns if you don’t want people to guess them,” replied Sherlock, flicking at the screen with a long finger.
'Not for the world, I would not trifle for the world; but one cannot help making one's remarks, and there is the Signor in such a bustle, as I never saw him before; and he has sent me to tell you, monsieur, to get ready immediately.'
Amid all the thankfulness, which Sherlock felt for this concession, he thought he observed a malicious triumph in the porter’s manner, when he pronounced the last words; but, in the next moment, he assured him that he would be punctual to the appointment, Sherlock bade him good night, and retired, unobserved, to his chamber. Seated on the bed, he reflected that his brother was yet the prisoner of a man, to whose vengeance, or avarice, he might fall a sacrifice; and, when he further considered the savage aspect of the person, who was appointed to guard Mycroft, his doom appeared to be already sealed, for the countenance of Barnardine, he had deduced, certainly bore the stamp of a murderer. These reflections brought to his remembrance the tone of voice, in which Barnardine had promised to grant the request to see his prisoner; and Sherlock mused upon it long in uneasiness and doubt. It struck him, that Mycroft might be already murdered, and that this ruffian was appointed to decoy Sherlock to some secret place, where his life also was to be sacrificed to the avarice of Moriarty, who then would claim securely the contested estates in Languedoc. From these subjects, his thoughts, at length, passed to others; and, as the evening advanced, he remembered, with somewhat more than surprise, the music he had heard, on the preceding night, and now awaited its return, with more than curiosity.
'Please your honour, he may be a robber,' said Michael. Holmes considered there may be some grounds for this apprehension; and determined to return to the road.
Moriarty and his companion did not return home till many hours after the dawn had blushed upon the Adriatic. The airy groups, which had danced all night along the colonnade of St. Mark, dispersed before the morning, like so many spirits. Moriarty delighted in the energies of the passions; the difficulties and tempests of life, which wreck the happiness of others, roused and strengthened all the powers of his mind, and afforded him the highest enjoyments, of which his nature was capable. Of this kind was the habit of gaming, and in this occupation he had passed the night with Douglas and a party of young men, who had more money than rank, and more vice than either.
“Well, Kate, this is an unbelievable day of gymnastics! What a thrilling couple of rounds -that strong vault from Uchimura pulled him above Watson and moved him closer to Verniaiev after the fourth rotation; but in the fifth, a huge performance from the Ukrainian eclipsing Uchimura on the parallel bars, leaving him with the gold medal for the taking. Verniaiev brings an 0.901 lead into the final rotation, where everything is on the line!  High bar is arguably Uchimura’s best event and he will begin with a higher difficulty routine. He fell on this routine in qualifying; that’s got to be going through his mind.”
Over the beautiful plains of this country the devastations of war were frequently visible. Where the lands had not been suffered to lie uncultivated, they were often tracked with the steps of the spoiler; the vines were torn down from the branches that had supported them, the olives trampled upon the ground, and even the groves of mulberry trees had been hewn by the enemy to light fires that destroyed the hamlets and villages of their owners.
'He is in the cedar chamber, ma'am, counselling with the other Signors. He is going to give them a sort of treat to-day, to make up for what passed at the last, I suppose; the people are all very busy in the kitchen.'
“John and I will just stay a few moments longer,” Sherlock announced. John blinked at this information.
, winced John. Still, they’d avoided any major disasters. John and the other GB supporters stood and cheered the team off the floor at the conclusion of their routine.
Horrifically, Sherlock could feel his face begin to flush. “What are the big ones?” he said, hating the quaver in his voice.
“Once the compulsory drug screens are over, I shall worry about him. Constantly.” He stares down his nose at John, waiting for him to put all the pieces together.
In the tense few moments that follow, it doesn’t escape John’s attention that Victor does not in fact offer his congratulations.
“And a one and half turn there with a small step along the bar, there’ll be small deduction for that… somersault element now, this is a very strong routine so far…. Going for the double front roll off to finish…”
‘But then, again, I was afraid to go back, all in darkness, by myself; so by the time Barnardine had trimmed the light, I had resolved to follow you, and I did so, till you came to the great court, and there I was afraid he would see me; so I stopped at the door again, and watched you across to the gates, and, when you was gone up the stairs, I whipt after. There, as I stood under the gate-way, I heard horses' feet without, and several men talking; and I heard them swearing at Barnardine for not bringing you out, and just then, he had like to have caught me, for he came down the stairs again, and I had hardly time to get out of his way. But I had heard enough of his secret now, and I determined to be even with him, and to save you, too, for I guessed it to be some new scheme of Count Wilkes. I ran into the castle, but I had hard work to find my way through the passage under the chapel! Luckily the Signor and Signor Douglas were up, so we had soon a train at our heels, sufficient to frighten that Barnardine and his rogues, all together.'
“Oooh, nice one,” said Mary, looking at her phone with satisfaction. “Mike, are you on Instagram? Sherlock?”
), only to find another hand pinching one, two, three of the tasty morsels. John makes a mournful sound round his mouthful of beef and pastry.
Sherlock turned back to face them, sharp on his heel. “Very well,” he said, leaving John’s head spinning at the sudden change of tack.
While he yet listened, the breathing was distinctly heard, and his terror was not soothed, when, looking round his wide and lonely chamber, he again considered his remote situation. At length, he determined to call loudly for assistance from the casement, and was advancing to it, when, whether the terror of his mind presented sounds, or that real ones did come, he thought footsteps were ascending the private stair-case; and, expecting to see its door unclose, he forgot all other cause of alarm, and retreated towards the corridor. Here he endeavoured to make an escape, but, on opening the door, was very near falling over a person, who lay on the floor without. Sherlock stifled his cries, fear yielded to surprise, for he recognised the features of Molly. He instantly set about reviving her.
Soon after this conversation, Mycroft sunk into a doze, and continued slumbering, till evening, when he seemed better than he had yet been. After midnight, Sherlock gave Molly the same injunction, as on the preceding night, and withdrew to his own apartment. But his spirits were wakeful and agitated, and, finding it impossible to sleep, he determined to watch, once more, for the mysterious appearance, that had so much interested and alarmed him.
“Like hell he’s not,” Bill mutters. “Now that you’ve buggered off to Molly’s room, he was all excited to have the room and he’s taking it out on me that I’ve camped there. He keeps having extra loud sex, I can hear him from bloody outside. Not that he lasts long, but still. It’s not right, Mike, it’s not right!  They haven’t come out since yesterday. I knocked this morning and they’re still bloody going. I sent John a text to ask if I could come in and get some fresh pants, look what I get!”
John smooths his hands down the front of his suit trousers, mainly to keep himself from fiddling with his hair.
When the moment of departure from the convent arrived, Sherlock was stoic; the abbott repeated many kind assurances of regard at their parting, and pressed him to return, if ever he should find his condition elsewhere unpleasant.
'Astonishing! Will you deny what you wrote to Mons. Anderson, your uncle? if you do, your own hand will bear testimony against you. What have you now to say?' continued Moriarty.
“Sherlock!” breaks from John’s lips like a prayer as he clambers up on to the unit. Sherlock’s attacker is standing, back to John and gazing down at a horribly still Sherlock. John unflinchingly kicks out, catching the man in the side; he doubles over, wheezing.  John kicks out again, and this time there’s a sickening crunch as the man’s jaw and John’s foot make contact and the man drops bonelessly to the ground.
'I perceive you do not know,' said the lady who sat near Monsieur Mycroft, 'that the gentleman you have been speaking of is Madame Petitbois's nephew!' 'Impossible!' exclaimed Monsieur Mycroft, who now began to perceive, that he had been totally mistaken in his judgment of John Watson, and to praise him aloud with as much servility, as before he had censured him with frivolous malignity.
“I’m just going to text this to myself,” announced John, thumbs sliding over the screen. When he looked up again, Sherlock was pulling on his shoes, tracksuit back on.
Baffling. John, blowing across the surface of his tea, seemed unruffled. Perhaps a change in questioning tactics.
Sherlock’s dad sits back down beside him and sticks the earbud back in, only to jump up and lose it again when the scores come in; although this time John is up on his feet, joining him. It’s a 19.05, edging out any of the other competitors, and Sherlock is in first place.
'Who talks of treachery?' said Wilkes, in a tone of unrestrained vehemence. 'Let him that does, shew an unblushing face of innocence. Moriarty, you are a villain! If there is treachery in this affair, look to yourself as the author of it. IF—do I say? I—whom you have wronged with unexampled baseness, whom you have injured almost beyond redress! But why do I use words?—Come on, coward, and receive justice at my hands!'
'Yet Monsieur Watson'—said his brother, before drifting into silence, and sinking into a restless slumber; saving Sherlock, he thought, from a hard effort in maintaining his own silence; and so he departed for his own chamber.
“Sherlock!” Sarah cried, sounding inexplicably relieved.  John turned to look Sherlock man in the eye, smarting a bit from his gibe from yesterday.
“The Staniouta turn sequence was excellent,” said Sherlock, sounding warm and enthusiastic. “You did well on the pivot turns too.” John felt staggered. What was this new, friendly Sherlock? Mary seemed not at all worried, immediately engaging Sherlock in a conversation about switch turns. Or something. Vaguely nodding along, John let his eyes wander round the room.
“Bien. I must go back to my seat. Perhaps I shall see you both about the Village? Good luck, anyway!” finished Victor in a rush as Mike jostled past him to resume his seat.
John turns and looks at Sherlock; frozen to the spot, gaping a little, incongruously holding two trifles in glass cups in each of his large hands. “John,” he said faintly. “You… look good.”
It’s a text from an unknown number, and it reads: ‘No sock, no room. SH’. Mike guffaws, sending a spray of special sauce at the screen.
Sherlock looked impatient to be gone. 'I entreat you, Count, to consult your own safety,' said he in a bored tone, 'and linger here no longer.'
.  Thankyou to those of you who left a comment or kudo already - this is actually my first fanfic *blushes* and the first time I have written for pleasure in more than 10 years, so you guys have really made it extra-special.
'I now leave the affair entirely to the Signor,' added Mycroft, 'but I must say, that M. Watson never was a favourite with me, and I was overpersuaded, or I should not have given my consent to the connection. I was weak enough to suffer other people's uneasiness to affect me, and so my better judgment yielded to your affliction. But the Signor has very properly pointed out the folly of this, and he shall not have to reprove me a second time. I am determined, that you shall submit to those, who know how to guide you better than yourself.'
From this period John made frequent visits to Monsieur Mycroft, and Sherlock passed in his society the happiest hours he had known since the death of his father. They were both too much engaged by the present moments to give serious consideration to the future. They loved and were beloved, and saw not, that the very attachment, which formed the delight of their present days, might possibly occasion the sufferings of years. Meanwhile, Monsieur Mycroft's intercourse with Madame Petitbois became more frequent than before, and his vanity was already gratified by the opportunity of proclaiming, wherever he went, the attachment that subsisted between their relations.
When Sherlock perceived, that all his efforts were ineffectual, he interrogated the terrified Molly, and learned, that Monsieur Mycroft had fallen into a doze soon after Sherlock's departure, in which he had continued, until a few minutes before his death.
I'm sorry this was a little delayed, I've been travelling for work. But isn't it nice we end on a happy note?
He leaned pensively on the little open casement, and in deep thought fixed his eyes on the blue vault of heaven, studded thick with stars.  “What is the stuff of stars?” he mused.  “Is it truly the domain of spirits? Is my father to be one of their number soon?”
'Stay, Molly, I have another question to ask; tell me what you have heard concerning this room, and whither that stair-case leads.'
The moment in which Sherlock took leave of M. and Madame Anderson, was, perhaps, the only satisfactory one he had known in their presence. On the following day they returned to Venice, and Moriarty, in a short conversation, which he held with Sherlock, informed him, that he would no longer be TRIFLED with, and that the marriage with the should be celebrated without further delay, and, if that was necessary, without his consent.
'Under his protection!' exclaimed Wilkes, proudly, 'his PROTECTION! Sherlock, why will you suffer yourself to be thus deluded? I have already told you what you have to expect from his PROTECTION.  You trifle with my patience and my distress!' continued Wilkes. 'Is a marriage with a man, who adores you, so very terrible in your eyes, that you would prefer to it all the misery, to which Moriarty may condemn you in this remote prison? Some wretch must have stolen those affections, which ought to be mine, or you would not thus obstinately persist in refusing an offer, that would place you beyond the reach of oppression.' Wilkes walked about the room, with quick steps, and a disturbed air.
Sherlock, without replying, turned from the rude gaze of the chevaliers, and Moriarty then followed him to the hall, whence he dragged him to a small room, of which he shut the door with violence. Sherlock then told him, that he wished to return to France, and came to beg, that he would permit him to do so— Moriarty looked surprised, and enquired for the motive of the request.
It may be remembered, that it was by a door leading into the bedroom from a back passage, that Sherlock had secretly entered a few hours preceding. He now deduced, by the calmness of Mycroft’s air, that he was not apprised of the accident, which had befallen his husband, and was beginning to inform him of it, when Mycroft interrupted by saying, he was acquainted with the whole affair.
The next day Sherlock was granted an audience with Moriarty. Sherlock called up all his fortitude to support the shock of his presence and the dreadful recollections it enforced. Moriarty was with several of his officers, in the cedar room; on observing whom Sherlock paused. He was beginning to go, when Moriarty's voice arrested him. 'These are my friends,' he said with a challenging look to Sherlock, 'whatever you would say, they may hear.'
At length Holmes returned the picture to its case; and Sherlock, recollecting that he was intruding upon his fathers’ private sorrows, softly withdrew from the chamber.
One evening, Sherlock was playing upon his violin, when he was alarmed by a strange and loud knocking at his chamber door, and then a heavy weight fell against it, that almost burst it open. He called to know who was there, and receiving no answer, repeated the call; but a chilling silence followed. It occurred to him—for, at this moment, he could not reason on the probability of circumstances—that some one of the strangers, lately arrived at the castle, had discovered his apartment, and was come with such intent, as their looks rendered too possible—to assault, perhaps to murder!  He went to the gallery door, and then, fearing to open it, lest some person might be silently lurking without, he stopped, but with eyes fixed in expectation upon the opposite door of the stair-case. As thus he stood, he heard a faint breathing near him, and became convinced, that some person was on the other side of the door, which was already locked. Sherlock sought for other fastening, but there was none.
“What makes you think I know anything about this sport?” Sherlock mutters as he draws his feet up onto the chair, out of the way of Mycroft’s sprawling legs.
Moriarty was alone. 'I sent for you,' said he, 'to give you another opportunity of retracting your late mistaken assertions concerning the Languedoc estates. I will condescend to advise, where I may command.—If you are really deluded by an opinion, that you have any right to these estates, at least, do not persist in the error—an error, which you may perceive, too late, has been fatal to you. Dare my resentment no further, but sign the papers.'
Sherlock cursed bitterly as these thoughts passed over his mind, and he determined to consider what could be done for Mrs. Hudson, and to talk very explicitly to M. Anderson on the subject; but Sherlock rather anticipated that his cold heart could feel only for itself. He determined also to enquire whether Anderson had made any mention of these affairs, in his letter to Moriarty, who soon gave him the opportunity he sought, by desiring that he would attend him in his study. He had little doubt, that the interview was intended for the purpose of communicating a part of M. Anderson's letter concerning the transactions at Bakersfield, so Sherlock went immediately. Moriarty was alone.
It was several days after the arrival of Monsieur Mycroft's servant before Sherlock thought he could no longer put off the journey to Bakersfield. On the evening preceding his departure, he went to the cottage to take leave of La Voisin and his family, and to make them a return for their kindness. The old man seemed to love Sherlock as his own son, and shed tears.  Sherlock avoided going into the cottage, since he knew it would revive emotions, such as he could not now endure.
Sieger picks up the pin and looks at it fondly. “My wife doesn’t appreciate these like I do, you know,” he says reflectively. “She’s a bit of a genius. I could never bear to argue with her. I’m something of a moron myself. But she’s ...” he trails off, glancing up at Violet who is walking back with cups of tea before leaning back to John, “... unbelievably hot.”
“You utter bastard,” John says in tones of the greatest admiration and respect. Sherlock just smiles and presses the button for the lift.
“Closer? It’s in my room, eight stories up from here. How can it possibly be closer?” replied John, staring Sherlock down.
“Where were you stashing that, then?” John demands through his laughter, turning the cushion over in his hands. “Incredible,” he says, looking at Sherlock. “Amazing.”
In the evening, Moriarty sat late, carousing with his guests in the cedar chamber. His recent triumph over Count Wilkes, or, perhaps, some other circumstance, contributed to elevate his spirits to an unusual height. He filled the goblet often, and gave a loose to merriment and talk. The gaiety of Douglas, on the contrary, was somewhat clouded by anxiety. He kept a watchful eye upon Verezzi, whom, with the utmost difficulty, he had hitherto restrained from exasperating Moriarty further against Wilkes, by a mention of his late taunting words.
“I have had the, uh, individual events already. The team event is still to come, of course,” replied Victor.
'Explain, Molly, explain the meaning of all this before you go,' said Sherlock, so overcome with surprise and timid hope, that he had scarcely breath to speak, let alone the energy to deduce these circumstances.
.  He backs up a few yards and runs at the trailer wall, planting the balls of his feet against the wall and using the momentum to carry him up, up to grab at the thin rim at the trailer’s corner and hauling himself up and over.
struggle all the way to the end,” says Mycroft waspishly as he and his mother head over to the urns.
'It is very necessary you should be under the eye of some person more able to guide you than yourself. I, indeed, have not much leisure for such a task; however, since your poor father made it his last request, that I should overlook your conduct—I must even take you under my care. But this let me tell you, brother mine, that unless you will determine to be very conformable to my direction, I shall not trouble myself longer about you.'
Thus heavily moved the hours till midnight, when he counted the sullen notes of the great clock, as they rolled along the rampart, unmingled with any sound, except the distant foot-fall of a sentinel, who came to relieve guard. Sherlock now thought he might venture towards the turret, and, having gently opened the chamber door to examine the corridor, and to listen if any person was stirring in the castle, found all around in perfect stillness. Yet no sooner had he left the room, than he perceived a light flash on the walls of the corridor, and, without waiting to see by whom it was carried, he shrunk back, and closed the door. No one approaching, he conjectured, that it was Moriarty going to pay his mid-night visit to her unknown neighbour, and he determined to wait, till he should have retired to his own apartment.
Sherlock’s made an indistinct noise, reply muffled inside his hoodie as he pulled it over his head. “Something like that, yes… John?”
John observed the open door of an apartment, and hastily took Sherlock’s hand to lead him thither; Sherlock scarcely knew what to say, and made some comment regarding going to seek his brother.  'I must speak with YOU, my Sherlock,' replied John, 'Good God! is it already come to this? Are you indeed so willing to resign me? I was wretched enough when I came hither,' exclaimed John, 'do not increase my misery by this coldness—this cruel refusal!’
At this time, a 'casino' was more like a private club or salon than the big gambling establishments we know today (although certainly gambling would take place).
Sherlock's emotion would not suffer him to reply; and John, who now ventured to look up, observing Sherlock’s blank countenance and rapid blinking; pressed him by the shoulder in reassurance. When John spoke again, his voice told the tenderest love. 'I will not presume,' he added, 'to intrude this subject longer upon your attention at this time of your mourning, but I may, perhaps, be permitted to mention, that these parting moments would lose much of their bitterness if I might be allowed to hope the declaration I have made would not exclude me from your presence in future.'
.  This would be news in a western country, let alone in China where this is still taboo and tampons are widely (and incorrectly) believed that they can rob a woman of her virginity (according to the linked article).  Fu Yuanhui, you're a fucken' legend!
“Well, as it is, I think Mary is right” says Sherlock, further shocking everyone. “We all know the Russians have got the gold locked up. I think it was more just to prevent you outranking Mary in the final, who would naturally then have fewer opportunities for sponsorship and publicity at the end of the games. I think Mary was aiming for a media career and felt as if another, higher-performing athlete in the same sport was too much of a threat to that. If there’s two choices for the next season of Strictly Come Dancing, wouldn’t you choose the medal winner, even if it’s not a gold?”
Four routines; clubs, ball, rope, and hoop. Eight difficulty elements; of which one must be performed with the left hand. The choreography must cover the entire floor and contain a balanced choice of the groups of elements including jumps, leaps, pivots, balances and flexibility movements. The body must be aligned, with toes pointed and knees straight. The apparatus must be held properly and caught with precision. When it’s all written down, boiled down to the component ‘musts,’ it seems so straightforward, so obvious. But nothing is so deceptive as an obvious fact.
“Sherlock, did you know that the prize money on Strictly Come Dancing is one hundred thousand pounds?” John licks his lips. “Wouldn’t even have to win to get enough money to rent a nice little flat in London while we finish uni, my residency; not much, we wouldn’t need much space, I thought, and then if we both earnt some extra on the side, we’d be doing pretty well, I thought, wouldn’t have to survive on beans and toast and we could go to the sea, to the Calanques, just like you talked about. We could do that every year even, if we went on the cheap, if that’s what you wanted, Sherlock, because that’s what I want.” He licks his lips.
John crossed his arms over his knees, leaning forward as he peered down at the floor below, at the Ukrainian staring down the vault.
John has a rest day to recover from today's exertions, but finds it rudely interrupted (all in the name of crime-solving, of course).
Monsieur Mycroft was not of a nature to bear injuries with meekness, or to resent them with dignity: his exasperated pride displayed itself with regularity. He would not acknowledge, even to himself, that he had in any degree provoked contempt by his own duplicity, but persisted in believing, that he alone was to be pitied, and Moriarty alone to be censured. His vanity had already been severely shocked by a discovery of Moriarty's contempt; it remained to be farther reproved by a discovery of his circumstances. His mansion at Venice, though its furniture discovered a part of the truth to unprejudiced persons, told nothing to those who were blinded by a resolution to believe whatever they wished. Mycroft still thought himself little less than a prince, possessing a palace at Venice, and a castle among the Apennines. To the castle di Musgrovio, indeed, Moriarty sometimes talked of going for a few weeks to examine into its condition, and to receive some rents; for it appeared that he had not been there for two years, and that, during this period, it had been inhabited only by an old servant, whom he called his steward.
Sherlock was saved the necessity of answering by the door opening and one of John’s teammates falling through the door, looking as if he was in danger of having his face sucked off by an immensely tall blonde woman. Implausibly tall, in fact.
Beyond Milan, the country wore the aspect of a ruder devastation; and though every thing seemed now quiet, the repose was like that of death, spread over features, which retain the impression of the last convulsions.
At length he commanded his voice, 'My dear child,' said he, trying to smile through his anguish, 'my dear Sherlock!'—and paused again. 'My dear child, I would soften the painful truth I have to tell you, but I know that you have deduced it. It cannot be long before we must part; let us talk of it. In death there is nothing new, or surprising, since we all know, that we are born to die.  I am an old man; had my life been spared now, in a very few years, I would still must have resigned it.  Old age, with all its train of infirmity, its privations and its sorrows, would have been mine; and then, at last, death would have come. Rather, my child, rejoice, that I am saved from such suffering, and that I am permitted to die with a mind unimpaired’.
“Mike Stamford also competing today for Great Britain. We’ve all heard the shocking news of last night’s attack on British rhythmic gymnast Sarah Sawyer, struck in the leg by a mystery assailant within the Olympic Village itself. John, Mike and Sarah all long-time training partners at the Bakersfield Gymnastics Club in London. Sarah formerly competed in the artistic gymnastics disciplines before making the switch to rhythmic gymnastics in her late teens, so these three would have grown up together. Is anxiety for their teammate likely to impact their performances today?”
He continued walking in the gallery, till evening threw its melancholy twilight through the painted casements, and deepened the gloom of the oak wainscoting around him; while the distant perspective of the corridor was so much obscured, as to be discernible only by the glimmering window, that terminated it.
“Well, it’s £100k if you win, you know that don’t you?” Sarah looks at John, spluttering in suprise. “I thought for sure you were gunning for it with your little parallel bars ‘look at me, I have abs’ dance,” she continues. “No? Well, stay by the phone, and if you don’t want it, tell them to ring me.”
, thought John with an uneasiness he immediately tried to quash.  Victor was tall; taller even than Sherlock. His dark skin seemed to gleam against the immaculate white of his uniform. In his tailored pants and form-fitting polo, he looked like he’d stepped right out of a magazine and into John’s conversation, which had been going very well thank you very much.
John looked over at Sherlock, who was resuming his seat looking more perplexed than ever. “What, don’t people cheer at your events?”
“Here,” said John, picking the medal up again and holding it out to Sarah. “Do you want to have a go?”
Here's some scenery of the Languedoc-Rousillon region our travelers find themselves in today- they have come out of the mountains and are approaching the coast.
While he raised wet eyes to heaven, he observed the same planet, which he had seen in Languedoc, on the night, preceding his father's death, rise above the eastern towers of the castle, while he remembered the conversation, which has passed, concerning the probable state of departed souls; remembered, also, the solemn music she had heard, and to which the tenderness of his spirits had, in spite of reason, given a superstitious meaning. He continued musing, when suddenly the notes of sweet music passed on the air. A superstitious dread stole over him; he stood listening, for some moments, in trembling expectation, and then endeavoured to re-collect his thoughts, and to reason himself into composure; but human reason cannot establish laws on subjects, lost in the obscurity of imagination, any more than the eye can ascertain the form of objects, that only glimmer through the dimness of night.
By the directions which Holmes had given him, Sherlock readily found the board he had described in an opposite corner of the closet, near the window; he distinguished also the line he had mentioned, and, pressing it as he had been bade, it slid down, and disclosed the bundle of papers, together with some scattered ones, and the purse of louis. With a trembling hand he removed them, and his eye settled on the writing of some loose sheets, which lay open; and he was unconscious, that he was transgressing his father's strict injunction, till a sentence of dreadful import awakened his attention and his memory together.
'Why the Signor, sir, and all the Signors, and a great many more —there they lie bleeding, and the swords are clashing, and—O holy saints! Do let me in, they are coming this way—I shall be murdered!'
During the few days that intervened between this conversation and the departure for Miarenti, Moriarty did not once address himself to Sherlock. His looks sufficiently declared his amusement at Sherlock’s distress; but that he should forbear to renew a mention of the subject of it, exceedingly surprised Sherlock, who was no less astonished, that, during three days, Count Wilkes neither visited Moriarty, nor was named by him. Several conjectures arose in Sherlock’s mind. Sometimes he thought that the dispute between them had ended in a duel fatal to the Count. Sometimes he was inclined to hope, that weariness of the rejection of his proposal had induced him to relinquish it; and, at others, he suspected that the Count had now recourse to stratagem, and half expected to be abducted when he ventured outside.
'Good God!' thought Sherlock, 'can Moriarty’s heart be so light, when he has made another being so wretched; if, indeed, my brother is yet alive to feel his wretchedness?'
Twilight came on, before the abbess's kindness would suffer Sherlock to depart, to be reconducted by La Voisin through the woods, the pensive gloom of which was in unison with the temper of his mind.  He pursued the little wild path, in musing silence, till his guide suddenly stopped, looked round, and then struck out of the path into the high grass, saying he had mistaken the road. He now walked on quickly, and Sherlock, proceeding with difficulty over the obscured and uneven ground, was left at some distance, till his voice arrested La Voisin, who seemed unwilling to stop, and still hurried on. 'If you are in doubt about the way,' said Sherlock, 'had we not better enquire it at the chateau yonder, between the trees?'
Redbeard, now in the chamber, fawned over Sherlock when he returned, and licked his hands, 'Ah, poor Redbeard!' said Sherlock, 'I have nobody now to love me—but you!' and he felt the hot pricks of tears at his eyes. After some time, his thoughts returning to his father's injunctions, he remembered how often he had blamed him for indulging useless sorrow; saying that the faculties of the mind strengthen by exertion, till they finally unnerve affliction, and triumph over it. He felt his own weakness against this standard, but at least Redbeard did not appear to mind it.
John suddenly feels in full control of his faculties; no cold shower was ever so effective as that ill-timed text and its alert tone.
'I think,' resumed Molly, 'the Signor would do well to hang it in a better place, than this old chamber. Now, in my mind, he ought to place the picture of a lady, who gave him all these riches, in the handsomest room in the castle. But he may have good reasons for what he does: and some people do say that he has lost his riches, as well as his gratitude.'
They passed slowly on, for they were now almost in darkness, which, together with the unevenness of the ground, and the frequent roots of old trees, that shot up above the soil, made it necessary to proceed with caution. On a sudden Michael stopped the carriage; and, as Holmes looked from the window to enquire the cause, he perceived a figure at some distance moving up the avenue. The dusk would not permit him to distinguish what it was, but he bade Michael go on.
All at once gravity is not his enemy, a hand is clutched in his hoodie and is pulling him back up onto the roof. He scrabbles, finally able to brace his foot against the wall and heave up, one elbow at a time; grazed stomach; left knee, right knee.
The dawn, soon after, trembled in the eastern horizon, and the light tints of morning, gradually expanding, shewed the beautifully declining forms of the Italian mountains and the gleaming landscapes, stretched at their feet. Then the sun-beams, shooting up from behind the hills, spread over the scene that fine saffron tinge, which seems to impart repose to all it touches. The landscape no longer gleamed; all its glowing colours were revealed, except that its remoter features were still softened and united in the mist of distance, whose sweet effect was heightened to Sherlock by the dark verdure of the pines and cypresses, that over-arched the foreground of the river.
John let out a breathy, high pitched giggle. “There’s, ah, proper chairs over there,” he nodded towards an unoccupied cocktail table. “Can you grab my shoes?  I’ll take the tea.”
Huffing a laugh, John turned to watch Henry Knight begin his sprint up to the vault; a roche with half turn. “Let’s see what he can do and… Ho ho! Nailed it!” Knight’s feet remained frozen on the floor as his head swivelled towards them, an expression of disbelieving delight on his face.
He shakes his head between his hands, no, and coughs. “Do you feel like you’re going to be sick?” John asks, face close to his, perhaps unwisely close if he really suspects Sherlock is going to vomit. “No,” Sherlock croaks out. John reaches out and cups Sherlock’s face in one hand, gently turns him so that Sherlock is staring into John’s blue, blue eyes. “How many fingers am I holding up?”
“Perfectly sound analysis, but I was hoping you’d go deeper,” rumbled a deep baritone, as a long collection of limbs folded itself into the vacant chair at John’s side. “Sherlock!” John smiled, unable to keep the grin from his face. “So go on then, give us a score prediction.”
Moriarty now took possession of the chateau, and the command of its inhabitants, with the ease of a man, who had long considered it to be his own. His friend Douglas, who had been extremely serviceable, in having paid Monsieur Mycroft the attention and flattery, which he required, but from which Moriarty too often revolted, had apartments assigned to him, and received from the domestics an equal degree of obedience with the master of the mansion.
“Bloody hell, he’s done it, he’s done it!” screamed Bill into his ear, clapping him on the back.  They were half-giggling in their seats with an excess of adrenaline as they had to quieten down for the next two competitors, who John watched with a keen eye, suddenly paranoid that one of them would pull some shifty manoeuver and deliver some outrageously high-scoring vault. They didn’t though; and John and his mates were free to holler as loud as they could as Henry stepped up to the podium and waved to the crowd, smiling as if his face would split with the joy of it.
Other sounds soon awakened his attention: it was the solemn harmony of horns, that swelled from a distance; and, observing the gondolas arrange themselves along the margin of the terraces, he leaned over the balcony till he could discern in the distant perspective of the canal, something like a procession, floating on the light surface of the water: as it approached, the horns and other instruments mingled sweetly, and soon after the fabled deities of the city seemed to have arisen from the ocean; for Neptune, with Venice personified as his queen, came on the undulating waves, surrounded by tritons and sea-nymphs. Sherlock looked upon the bare-chested sea-king, muscled and masculine, but ‘he is of no comparison to my own lover’, Sherlock decided.
When the company arrived, Sherlock saw Signor Moriarty was one of their number, and who now seemed to converse with Monsieur Mycroft with the familiarity of old acquaintance.  This Signor Moriarty had an air of conscious superiority, animated by wild spirit, and strengthened by talents, to which every person seemed involuntarily to yield. The quickness of his perceptions was strikingly expressed on his countenance; and Sherlock felt admiration, but not the admiration that leads to esteem; for it was mixed with a degree of fear he knew not exactly wherefore.
“Coming up to the dismount now…. A little bit of flair here and… oh! A stuck landing! He’ll be happy with that Irene.”
The elder Holmes distributed to his pensioners their weekly stipends and listened patiently to their complaints; whilst the younger deduced them.  Upon Sherlock advising one shepherd that he should certainly hasten the marriage of his daughter if he did not wish for her babe to be born outside of wedlock; they shortly found themselves on the way home, leaving behind a degree of uproar which was not inconsiderable.
The rooms were a solemn place; recollections crowded him once more and he sank slowly into an armchair. As he mused he saw the door slowly open, and a rustling sound in a remote part of the room startled him. Through the dusk he thought he perceived something move. The subject he had been considering, and the present tone of his spirits, which made his imagination conquer the reason he had so carefully honed, gave Sherlock a sudden terror of something supernatural.  The silence, which again reigned, made him ashamed of these fears. ‘It is merely one of those accountable noises, which sometimes occur in old houses’ he told himself, pulling his knees to his chest.
He then took up the torch, and led her along the passage, at the extremity of which he unlocked another door, whence they descended, a few steps, into a chapel, which, as Barnardine held up the torch, Sherlock observed to be in ruins, and he immediately recollected a former conversation of Molly, concerning it, with very unpleasant emotions. He looked with apprehension on the almost roofless walls, green with damps, and on the gothic points of the windows, where the ivy and the briony had long supplied the place of glass, and ran mantling among the broken capitals of some columns, that had once supported the roof. Barnardine stumbled over the broken pavement, and his voice, as he uttered a sudden oath, was returned in hollow echoes, that made it more terrific. Sherlock's heart sunk; but he still followed him, and he turned out of what had been the principal aisle of the chapel. 'Down these steps, sir,' said Barnardine, as he descended a flight, which appeared to lead into the vaults; but Sherlock paused on the top, and demanded, in the strongest tone he could muster, whither he was being conducted.
As they drew nearer, Moriarty, distinguishing the feathers that waved in their caps, and the banners and liveries of the bands that followed them, thought he knew this to be the small army commanded by the famous captain Utaldo, with whom, as well as with some of the other chiefs, he was personally acquainted. He, therefore, gave orders that the carriages should draw up by the side of the road, to await their arrival, and give them the pass. A faint strain of martial music now stole by, and, gradually strengthening as the troops approached, Sherlock distinguished the drums and trumpets, with the clash of cymbals and of arms, that were struck by a small party, in time to the march.
After some time in deep thought Sherlock cast an restless eye around, deciding to return to the chateau, and often stopped for a moment to examine the shadowy scene before he ventured to proceed, but he passed on without perceiving any person, till, having reached a clump of almond trees, not far from the house, he thought she perceived a person emerge from the groves, and pass slowly along a moon-light alley that led between them; but the distance, and the imperfect light would not suffer Sherlock to judge with any degree of certainty whether this was fancy or reality. He continued to gaze for some time on the spot, till on the dead stillness of the air he heard a sudden sound, and in the next instant fancied he distinguished footsteps near him. Fearing discovery by Mycroft, wasting not another moment in conjecture, he hurried to the chateau, and, having reached it, retired to his chamber, where, as he closed the window he looked upon the garden, and then again thought he distinguished a figure, gliding between the almond trees he had just left. He immediately withdrew from the casement, and, though much agitated, eventually fell into an exhausted sleep.
“Yeah, right. I was thinking of going in tomorrow afternoon, watching the team qualifiers. Showing support for the Brits, you know.”
“Aaww, poor dear,” said Mary, squeezing John’s upper arm. “It was a big day for you yesterday, wasn’t it?  Bit tired now, aren’t we?” She gave a little cluck that somehow managed not to sound sympathetic at all. “I dare say you don’t know a Kundry catch from your elbow, anyway,” she said, giving his bicep another squeeze.
“Well, Sherlock, that was just something, wasn’t it dear! I’m sure your young man will have found it very impressive!”
John turns around again and blows a kiss to the audience, who have passed through rowdy, left behind boisterous and have happily arrived at earsplitting as John does another handstand before swinging down and off the bars to dismount. Sherlock stares after the retreating blond figure and crosses his legs.
The carriage again moved slowly on; Michael following the peasants up the lane, which Sherlock had just quitted, till they came to the moon-light glade. Holmes's spirits were so far restored by the courtesy of his host, and the near prospect of repose, that he looked with a sweet complacency upon the moon-light scene, surrounded by the shadowy woods, through which, here and there, an opening admitted the streaming splendour, discovering a cottage, or a sparkling rivulet. He listened to the merry notes of the guitar and tamborine with a calm complacency.
The servants were now summoned, and the chamber was searched, but no person was found. The surprise and consternation of the company increased. Moriarty was discomposed. 'We will leave this room,' said he, 'and the subject of our conversation also; it is too solemn.' His guests were equally ready to quit the apartment; but the subject had roused their curiosity, and they entreated Moriarty to withdraw to another chamber, and finish it; no entreaties could, however, prevail with him. Notwithstanding his efforts to appear at ease, he was visibly and greatly disordered.
It's really Mummy's lion toy, she just makes Mycroft hold it. He's called Pride the Lion (really), which works on a lot of levels for this story.
'No, not fighting, but almost as good, for I believe there was not one of them sober; and what is more, not one of those fine ladies or gent either. I thought, when I saw them first, that all those fine silks and fine veils,—why, monsieur, their veils were worked with silver!—boded no good—I guessed what they were, and last night, they were not attired in much beyond the veils, or so I am told!'
“Mystery, mate,” said John, budging Mike aside and making his way into the room for a fresh round of applause.
Perhaps Sherlock and John sit in a garden like this one, dominated by a huge plane tree. This garden is in
“Well Irene, he looks cool and collected, a small smile on his lips as he assumes his starting position for his last routine in this historic final, the first gold medal competition in men’s rhythmic gymnastics. The music begins and – my God, Irene-”
“Wasn’t so bad, was it?” says John, ignoring all the evidence, and strides out of the room and down the hall.
'It used to be the Marquis's favourite residence,' resumed La Voisin, 'but he took a dislike to the place, and has not been there for many years. We have heard lately that he is dead, and that it is fallen into other hands.' Holmes, who had sat in deep musing, was roused by the last words. 'Dead!' he exclaimed, 'Good God! when did he die?'
Moriarty smiled satirically at what Sherlock had written, but did not object to it, and Sherlock withdrew to his own apartment, where he sat down to begin a letter to John, in which he related the particulars of his journey, and his arrival at Venice, described some of the most striking scenes in the passage over the Alps; his emotions on the first view of Italy; the manners and characters of the Venetians, and some few circumstances of Moriarty's conduct. But he avoided even naming Count Wilkes, much more the declaration he had made, not wishing to give John even the slightest reason for believing he had a rival.
“You’re breaking my heart,” John said conversationally, running his hands over Sherlock’s bum, watching shivers spreading like ripples over his lover’s skin. “What are you going to do about it, I wonder?”
The uniform the gymnasts wear for these events look like one piece but they're actually a leotard, stirrup tights and socks.  Over at Cosmo, they have a
'They may open upon the great stair-case, perhaps,' said Sherlock, passing on till he came to a chamber, hung with pictures, and took the light to examine that of a soldier on horseback in a field of battle.—He was thrusting his spear upon a man, who lay under the feet of the horse, and who held up one hand in a supplicating attitude. The soldier, whose visor was up, regarded him with a look of vengeance, and the countenance, with that expression, struck Sherlock as resembling Moriarty. He shuddered, and turned from it. Passing the light hastily over several other pictures, he came to one concealed by a veil of black silk. The singularity of the circumstance was striking, and Sherlock stopped before it, wishing to remove the veil, and examine what was so carefully concealed, but somewhat wanting courage. 'Holy Virgin! what can this mean?' exclaimed Molly. 'This is surely the picture they told me of at Venice.'
When he was alone, Sherlock’s thoughts recurred to the strange history of Signora Irene and then to his own strange situation, in the wild and solitary mountains of a foreign country, in the castle, and the power of a man, of whose character Sherlock now regarded, with a degree of terror, apparently justified by the fears of others. Sherlock knew, that Moriarty had invention equal to the conception and talents to the execution of any project, and a heart too void of feeling to oppose the perpetration of whatever his interest might suggest.
Sherlock tests the weight of them in his hand, smiles, and hands over one of the first set to John, and one to Sarah. “Mary’s competition clubs. How much would you say they weigh, John?”
The clubs routine is different – it’s dramatic and fast paced, right from the start of the routine when Sherlock somehow rolls one of the clubs around his shoulders and neck to fall into his waiting hand before moving into a fast pirouette. The music is dark and edgy, and Sherlock look suitably intense - in what just looks like extremely tight suit trousers and an even tighter white dress shirt, but which must be something specially made. Normal buttons would not hold up to those contortions, surely?   It’s precise, cerebral – each movement like clockwork – John gasps out loud when Sherlock catches the clubs after a high throw out of his field of vision – putting out a hand behind his back, into empty space, only to have the clubs fall into it, one after the other.  Sherlock spins immediately into a complicated series of hand movements where the clubs whirl like nunchucks – and John feels sure in Sherlock’s hands they’d break a bone rather than just dislocate it if used offensively. John waits anxiously at the end of the routine but the scores are good, and Sherlock finishes the rotation in third place.
'I am prepared for the worst, my friend,' said Sherlock, in a firm and solemn voice. 'I can support any certainty better than this suspense.'
By the hems on the woman’s petticoats and mud splashes upon her boots Sherlock pronounced the tale as true; John asking eagerly what was the value of the stolen sheep; turning away with a look of disappointment on hearing the answer. Holmes put some money into her hand, Sherlock too gave something from his small funds, and they walked towards the cliff; but John lingered behind, and spoke to the shepherd's wife, who was now weeping with gratitude and surprise. He enquired how much money was yet wanting to replace the stolen sheep, and found, that it was a sum very little short of all he had about him. 'This sum then,' said he to himself, 'would make this poor family completely happy—it is in my power to give it—to make them completely happy! But what is to become of me?—how shall I contrive to reach home with the little money that will remain?' For a moment he stood, unwilling to forego the luxury of raising a family from ruin to happiness, yet considering the difficulties of pursuing his journey with so small a sum as would be left.
Mary jerks her head up as Sherlock drops to a crouch in front of her, leans forward and tugs on the headphone cords, popping the earbuds from her ears.
'Barnardine, ma'amselle,' said she, 'dare not come to the corridor, lest he should be discovered, it is so far from his post; and he dare not even leave the gates for a moment now; but, if you will come to him at the portal, through some roundabout passages he told me of, without crossing the courts, he has that to tell, which will surprise you. But you must not come through the courts, lest the Signor should see you.'
Because of its size, Team GB occupied an entire building but the process of working out which teams are accommodated where begins TWO YEARS before the games.
'If we could command our time, my John, it should not be thus….hasty; we must submit to circumstances.'
'True, monsieur,' said the Count, who had been some time silent, and with a low bow, 'but the gallantry of the compliment had been utterly lost, but for the ingenuity that discovered the application.'
The athletes from Team GB attend a swish function at British House.  Among the dignitaries, John has an encounter with someone in a minor position in the British government.
Sherlock and John were happy and together when we left them,  but can it last?  What will be revealed in Chapter 13?
Towards the conclusion of his letter, which dated a week after this sentence, John adds, 'I have received a summons from my regiment, and I join it without regret, since I am shut out from the scenes that are so interesting to my heart. I rode to Bakersfield this morning, and heard that the new tenant was arrived, and that Mrs. Hudson was gone. I should not treat the subject thus familiarly if I did not believe you to be uninformed of this disposal of your house; for your satisfaction I have endeavoured to learn something of the character and fortune of your tenant, but without success. He is a gentleman, they say, and this is all I can hear. The place, as I wandered round the boundaries, appeared more melancholy to my imagination, than I had ever seen it. O Sherlock! surely we are not separated for ever—surely we shall live for each other!'
'I am not superstitious,' said Moriarty, regarding his companions with stern displeasure, 'though I know how to despise the common-place sentences, which are frequently uttered against superstition. I will enquire further into this affair.' He then left the room; and his guests, separating for the night, retired to their respective apartments.
. He bounced into someone, now looking up at him from where his face had bumped into Sherlock’s chest. He was wearing an oddly expectant expression (Fair skin already pinkening even in overcast sunlight, would be freckling before the week was out; drinking: tea; British, then; muscular but lean, one of those sports with a ball?  But didn’t you need to be tall and this person was short? More data required). The round face seemed familiar…. Mick? Mark? Mike?
“Stop thinking about it, Sherlock,” chides Mrs Hudson with uncanny accuracy. “You can’t do anything about it now, can you dear?  Try to think of something calming. Something that makes you happy.”
He hasn’t quite made up his mind before the bus pulls up and they’re all blinking in the bright glare and the others are waving him goodbye as they head to the spectators entrance; John and his coach heading back around the building to the athletes’ entrance for the final time. Lestrade is tugging his sleeve, dragging him further round the building to – oh.
He walked a while in the gardens, arranging his thoughts; he saw John amiable and intelligent, and Monsieur Mycroft neither the one, nor the other. The remembrance of John, however, brought with it many very painful emotions, for Sherlock was by no means reconciled to the thought of resigning him; and, Monsieur Mycroft having already shewn how highly he disapproved of the attachment, Sherlock foresaw much suffering from the opposition of interests; yet with all this was mingled a degree of delight, which, in spite of reason, partook of hope.  Still, what should occur when they should next, if ever, meet again was an occurrence impossible to deduce.
Sherlock sunk into a chair. 'Stay, Molly,' commanded he, 'do not leave me—The Count, you say—he is come, then?'
“No worries mate,” John said slowly, an idea crystallizing in his mind. “We were just heading out.” Sherlock looked up from the laptop, brows raised in query. John met his look with a broad smile. “We’re going to the beach.”
‘Sherlock!’ cried John. ‘Pray do not go! I have spoken hastily – God – I have accused your bright and shining mind falsely - I am unworthy of you!’
“But you’re not, are you,” said John. Sherlock looked at John, lain out on the room’s small sofa, rain streaming down on the glass windows behind him. One hand under his head, grey t-shirt pulled tight over the bicep. This same shirt rode up a little at John’s hips, the sliver of warm golden skin exposed there seeming to glow in the room’s dim light. And at the end of the couch, John’s small feet, crossed at the ankles; callouses on the soles white with the chalk of a thousand practices. Sherlock felt a peculiar urge to touch; would they feel dry? Or would they be soft and warm? Would John allow him to take the posterior tibial artery pulse below the medial malleolus of the ankle?
more!” before reaching again into his pocket and pulling out some cereal bars, pushing one towards Sherlock.
Sherlock took the opportunity to examine the flora growing at these altitudes; John often stopped to enquire what he was looking at, to be amazed by Sherlock’s knowledge, and to contribute his own knowledge of the medicinal properties of some of the plants.  Holmes was pleased with him: 'Here is the real ingenuousness and ardour of youth,' said he to himself; 'this young man has never been at Paris.'
While he was conjecturing what could thus occasion his absence, he heard a key turn in the lock of the gate near them, and presently saw a man advancing. It was Barnardine, of whom Sherlock hastily enquired what he had to communicate, and desired, that he would tell it quickly.
“Thanks, mate, lovely stuff, we couldn’t get a photo, could we?” Getting out from the building is a maze of tiny corridors and selfies with BBC staff that John feels like he can’t refuse. Lestrade is no help, hungover as shit, wandering round with a paper cup of coffee and peeking into the rooms full of cables, computers and complexity.  Then he berates John for looking a bit uptight.
. God, when will this blighted performance be over? This hateful show is meant to be fun, fun for the crowd with all the athletes and ‘entertainment’ on display, and fun for the athletes with no scoring to worry about.
“I’ve been swapping them ‘round the village for you, since you were collecting them,” says John by way of explanation. “I thought you might like them.”
Sherlock now thought he saw destruction surround him on every side. That Moriarty had formerly sold him to Wilkes, was very probable; that he had now withdrawn his consent to the marriage, was evident from the Count's present conduct; and it was nearly certain, that a scheme of stronger interest only could have induced the selfish Moriarty to forego a plan, which he had hitherto so strenuously pursued. These reflections made him tremble at the hints, which Wilkes had just given, which he did not hesitate to believe; and, while he shrunk from the new scenes of misery and oppression, that might await him in the castle of Musgrovio, he was compelled to observe, that almost his only means of escaping them was by submitting himself to the protection of this man, and all the horrors that would be visited upon his body and soul that would entail; so that these evils more certain and not less terrible appeared,—evils, upon which he could not endure to pause for an instant.
When all the house had retired to bed, Sherlock decided to visit the corpse. Silent, and without weeping, he stood by its side. The features, placid and serene, told the nature of the last sensations, which had lingered in the now deserted frame. For a moment he turned away, in horror of the stillness in which death had fixed that countenance, never till now seen otherwise than animated; then gazed on it with a mixture of doubt and awful astonishment. His reason could scarcely overcome an involuntary and unaccountable expectation of seeing that beloved countenance wake; of hearing his father’s voice.
Sherlock's mind had not yet sufficiently recovered from its late shock, to endure the loneliness of his chamber, and he remained upon the ramparts; for he had lost all wish to explore the gloomy and mysterious recesses of the castle. The ramparts, therefore, were almost his only retreat, and here he lingered, till the gray haze of evening was again spread over the scene.
John blinks rapidly and Mycroft and Sherlock are approaching the group again, neither looking particularly impressed.
'These scenes,' said John, at length, 'soften the heart, like the notes of sweet music. They waken our best and purest feelings, disposing us to benevolence, pity, and friendship. Those whom I love—I always seem to love more in such an hour as this.' His voice faltered, and he stopped.
John nodded politely and raises the teacup to his lips, but it’s still scalding. More milk. “What about you?” Mary asked, “lined up any post-competition prospects?”
'And only for my recovery?' said Wilkes, with a sigh. 'For your……. general welfare,' added Sherlock.
He was recalled from this reverie to a mere mortal supper, and could not forbear smiling at the fancies he had been indulging, and at his conviction of the serious displeasure, which Mycroft would have expressed, could he have been made acquainted with them.
'Nothing probably upon this subject, but what I see,' said Sherlock. Molly frowned and began to talk upon some idle topic – the regattas of Venice.
In the hall, confusion and tumult still reigned. Sherlock, as he listened anxiously to the murmur, that sounded along the gallery, sometimes fancied he heard the clashing of swords, and, when he considered the nature of the provocation, given by Moriarty, and his impetuosity, it appeared probable, that nothing less than arms would terminate the contention. Mycroft, having exhausted all expressions of indignation, remained silent, in that kind of breathless stillness, which, in nature, often succeeds to the uproar of conflicting elements; a stillness, like the morning, that dawns upon the ruins of an earthquake.
'Interesting!' exclaimed Sherlock, considering this intelligence; 'and is SHE come to Musgrovio! She does well to endeavour to conceal herself.'
“But what is it?” asked Mike, looking at it in Sarah’s hand. “Kind of looks like something you’d get in a Happy Meal, doesn’t it?”
Oh! A big step backward on landing but he’d landed. Would the high difficulty be enough to carry it over?
'Alas!' exclaimed Douglas, surveying Monsieur Mycroft with affected ecstasy, 'how vain is that assertion, while that face—that shape—that air—combine to refute it! Unhappy Watson! his discernment has been his destruction.'
'Be calm, sir,' said Sherlock, turning to his brother, 'I entreat you to be calm, I am not frightened—not frightened in the least, do not you be alarmed.'
The carriage drove on, and the increasing dusk made the travellers very thankful that they had a guide; the frequent glens, too, that now opened among the mountains, would likewise have added to their perplexity. Sherlock, as he looked up one of these, saw something at a great distance like a bright cloud in the air.  He deduced that it was the snowy summit of a mountain, so much higher than any around it, that it still reflected the sun's rays, while those below lay in deep shade.
Holmes, when he was told that company were expected, felt a mixed emotion of disgust and indignation at the insensibility of Anderson, which prompted him to return home immediately. But when he looked at Sherlock, and considered that a time might come when the enmity of his uncle would be prejudicial to him, he determined not to incur it himself, by conduct which would be resented as indecorous, by the very persons who now showed so little sense of decorum.
The travellers, as they descended, gradually, exchanged the region of winter for the genial warmth and beauty of spring. The sky began to assume that serene and beautiful tint peculiar to the climate of Italy; patches of young verdure, fragrant shrubs and flowers looked gaily among the rocks, often fringing their rugged brows, or hanging in tufts from their broken sides; and the buds of the oak and mountain ash were expanding into foliage. Descending lower, the orange and the myrtle, every now and then, appeared in some sunny nook, with their yellow blossoms peeping from among the dark green of their leaves, and mingling with the scarlet flowers of the pomegranate and the paler ones of the arbutus, that ran mantling to the crags above; while, lower still, spread the pastures of Piedmont, where early flocks were cropping the luxuriant herbage of spring.
'Why—we must see the young man, I believe,' replied Mycroft to the unasked question, 'and hear what he has further to say for himself. You may tell him he may come.' Sherlock dared scarcely credit what he heard. 'Yet, stay,' added Monsieur Mycroft, 'I will tell him so myself.' Sherlock’s surprise would have been less had he deduced what Monsieur Mycroft had not forgotten—that John was the nephew of Madame Petitbois.
Several days passed with Sherlock in total seclusion. He, at length, determined to make other efforts to persuade Moriarty to permit his return to France. Why he should wish to detain him, was a simple deduction: the estates, which had occasioned so much contention, were now his, and he then feared Moriarty was about to employ some stratagem for obtaining them, and that he would detain him as his prisoner, till he succeeded. This thought, instead of overcoming him with despondency, roused all the latent powers of his fortitude into action; and he resolved, that no common sufferings should ever compel him to give them to Moriarty. For John's sake also he determined to preserve these estates, since they would afford that competency, by which he hoped to secure the comfort of their future lives. As he thought of this, he anticipated the delight of that moment, when, with affectionate generosity, he might tell him that their future was secure. Sherlock saw the smile, that lighted up his features—the affectionate regard, which spoke at once his joy and thanks; imagined being swept into John’s arms in transports of joy and tenderness; and, at this instant, Sherlock believed he could brave any suffering, which the evil spirit of Moriarty might be preparing for him. Remembering the papers relative to the estates in question, he determined to search for them, as soon as the interview with Moriarty was over.
On the seventh day, the disorder was at its crisis. The physician assumed a graver manner, which she observed, and took occasion, when her family had once quitted the chamber, to tell him, that she perceived her death was approaching. 'Do not attempt to deceive me,' said she, 'I feel that I cannot long survive. I am prepared for the event - do not suffer a mistaken compassion to induce you to flatter my family with false hopes. If you do, their affliction will only be the heavier when it arrives: I will endeavour to teach them resignation by my example.'
I like to imagine the monastery where Sherlock stays as something like this, the Abbey of Saint-Martin-du-Canigou which is in the Pyrenees near the Spanish border.  As well as being geographically appropriate and stunningly scenic, it seems to fit for a lot of reasons: St
Sherlock, extremely vexed at this coarse speech, attempted to interrupt it; but Monsieur Mycroft would proceed, with all the self-importance of a person, to whom power is new.
“Because she set it up, naturally,” drawls Sherlock. “Communicated her wishes to her offsider, Moran, via Instagram, of all things.” He pulls a phone John hasn’t seen from his pocket, one with a four-leaf clover design on the case. “Rather ingenious, really. See John, this one’s me,” Sherlock says, pointing to a computer emoji on one of Mary’s posts, one of her just going into the qualification session yesterday. “And this one’s you,” he points at another one.
Tearing his eyes up again, he spied two vivid green beanbags and immediately flopped himself in, swivelling his bottom from side to side and prodding at the sides with long fingers in an attempt to mould the seat to the most comfortable position. He was still engaged in this engrossing endeavour when John returned, distracting musculature now covered in a deep blue hoodie and a grey towel wrapped snuggly around narrow hips. “Back in a tic,” he said, depositing a bundle of gear at his feet and disappearing once again, towel swishing round his calves (
Wearied and disappointed, Sherlock first ridiculed, though he shared, Molly’s fears, and then tried to sooth them; but neither attempt succeeded, and the girl persisted in believing and affirming, that what she had seen was nothing human. It was not till some time after Sherlock had recovered his composure, that he recollected the steps he had heard on the stair-case.
Sherlock made a face. “Marseilles beaches are usually full of people, and if the wind blows the wrong way, full of filth from the port. And I don’t like the pebbles, they hurt my feet,” he said primly. John laughed quietly, entertaining an endearing mental image of Sherlock delicately picking his way across a pebbled beach.
“What a disappointment! Well, that’s the end of his ambitions to qualify for the all-around I’d say Kate. And the expression on his face, he knows it. Is he going to continue with the routine? No, there’s his salute, and the camera following him down, he doesn’t look happy, not happy at all. John Watson coming over to the apparatus now but we’re going to cut to the floor where Karoly Baumann is taking position.”
The crowd is going absolutely mental and Sherlock’s parents are up and screaming; the live commentary is barely audible.
It seemed to conceal a recess of the chamber; he wished, yet dreaded, to lift it, and to discover what it veiled: twice he was withheld by a recollection of the terrible spectacle his daring hand had formerly unveiled in an apartment of the castle, till, suddenly conjecturing, that it concealed the body of his murdered brother, he seized it, in a fit of desperation, and drew it aside. Beyond, appeared a corpse, stretched on a kind of low couch, which was crimsoned with human blood, as was the floor beneath. The features, deformed by death, were ghastly and horrible, and more than one livid wound appeared in the face. Sherlock, bending over the body, gazed, for a moment, with an eager, frenzied eye; but, in the next, the lamp dropped from his hand, and he fell senseless at the foot of the couch.
“Oh it’s fine, Gavin,” says Sherlock, rising smoothly to his feet. “Mary wasn’t expecting to see me, that’s all. You see, she’d been informed that I’d died. Killed, as it happens, on the roof of this very stadium.”
'What, because it never spoke?' said Sherlock, trying to laugh away the fears that began to steal upon him.—'No, monsieur, no;' replied Molly, rather angrily, 'but because something has been seen there. They say, too, there is an old chapel adjoining the west side of the castle, where, any time at midnight, you may hear such groans!—it makes one shudder to think of them!—and strange sights have been seen there—'
“Mmm, and since the Opening Ceremony you’ve gone on a beach excursion and now you’re solving crimes together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the Closing Ceremony?”
He turned to go, when a second message arrived from Moriarty; and he again directed Wilkes, as he valued his life, to quit the castle immediately. Wilkes regarded him in silence, with a look of fixed despair. But Sherlock had no time left to participate in histrionics, and, not daring to disobey the second command of Moriarty, he left the corridor, to attend him.
As the bus zips along the express ‘Olympic traffic’ lane towards the park, John’s phone remains silent, although Lestrade next to him is getting texts aplenty, it seems. Lestrade hadn’t volunteered much, but it seems like Mary had been quietly shipped back to Britain to languish at Her Majesty’s pleasure, which John can’t feel bad about. He wonders idly if Moran has had the same privilege, because a part of him (a large part) isn’t sad at the thought of him fighting off rats in prison. John shakes the thought from his mind and thinks about his gala routine, pondering the correct amount of Watson magic to apply.
‘Or feel it, in this case’. Sherlock looked down upon John’s head, the blond hair silvery—grey in the moon-light.
John squinted up at Sherlock, dramatically silhouetted against the afternoon sun. “Get it?” he called, but Sherlock is already beginning to clamber back down the wall. Heart in mouth, John is too anxious to marvel at Sherlock’s impressive flexibility as he reaches between balcony and guttering pipe, dropping the last metre or so.
, John had thought, exultant.  The camera had cutaway to the British supporters in the stand, and John laughed at the screen – the Holmes’ were out in patriotic force, brandishing flags and cheering. Even Mycroft was getting in on it, nursing a stuffed lion in his lap, though still wearing a three-piece suit, John noticed.
John turned his face towards the gymnastics, smiling broadly. It was easier to maintain focus on the sport now, and even give an appreciative ‘oooh’ after a particularly impressive synchronized ribbon foot-throwing. Foot toss? Whatever.
With these considerations, he had left Venice; and, with others totally different, Wilkes had, soon after, pursued his steps across the rugged Apennines. When his arrival was announced at the castle, Moriarty did not believe, that he would have presumed to shew himself, unless he had meant to fulfil his contractual engagement, and he, therefore, readily admitted him; but the enraged countenance and expressions of Wilkes, as he entered the apartment, instantly undeceived him; and Moriarty then banished Wilkes from his sight.
John thumps Mike soundly on the back as he chokes. “Gotta watch those nuggets mate, they’re bloody killers. Sure you’re ok?”
Holmes awoke at an early hour, refreshed by sleep, and desirous to set forward. He invited the stranger to breakfast with him; and, talking again of the road, John said, that, some months past, he had travelled as far as Beaujeu, which was a town of some consequence on the way to Rousillon. He recommended it to Holmes to take that route, and the latter determined to do so.
“Well, come and swap with your father then,” says Violet, implacable. “You can come and commentate for me.”
“And the all-around standings now, of course only two athletes from each nation can qualify, in this case it will be Watson and Stamford, Philip Anderson’s fall from the rings apparatus too serious to recover from in the scores. Twenty-four athletes in total will qualify; after the results from the third subdivision I’d say the Brits will be placed somewhere in the middle of the qualifying field with these scores.”
“Not that you’re not very welcome, of course,” says Lestrade; causing John, Sherlock and Mycroft to all stare at him incredulously. “I mean, it’s, ah, good to see you?”
was a better landing, John thought to himself as he stuck his closing two and a half twist. Very tidy. Rolling his shoulders, John heard the rise of chatter outside the doors – the girls had arrived. Toeing the ground as the assistant coach ran through some minor points, John looked at the door from the corner of his eye.
It was a still and beautiful night, the sky was unobscured by any cloud, and scarce a leaf of the woods beneath trembled in the air. The midnight chant of the monks soon after dropped into silence; but Sherlock remained at the casement, watching the setting moon, and the valley sinking into deep shade. At length he retired to his mattress, and eventually sunk into tranquil slumber.
All the terrors of Moriarty’s countenance unfolded themselves as he accused Sherlock of eavesdropping, of which he had not been guilty, and sternly questioned what he had overheard, Sherlock assured him he had not come thither with an intention to listen to his conversation, but to entreat his compassion for his brother, and for Molly. Moriarty seemed to doubt this assertion, for he regarded him with a scrutinizing look; and the doubt evidently arose from no trifling interest. He looked upon Sherlock only with a malignant smile, which instantaneously confirmed his worst deductions of his brother’s fate.
Sherlock was shocked by the salutation with which Monsieur Mycroft met his father—'Dear man,' said he, 'I am concerned to see you look so very ill; do, pray, have advice!' Holmes answered, with a melancholy smile, that he felt himself much as usual; but Sherlock's fears made him now fancy that his father looked worse than he really did.
The relief of it is like a high; the ecstasy of it is painful in its intensity. Everything is brighter, better; a shining moment of clarity where the world becomes ordered and still. Weightless and unbound, you could jump higher; spin faster; finish stronger. And just like a high, it doesn’t last; because tomorrow you have to do it all again.
In a lovely long chapter, Sherlock & John have an excursion, investigations continue, and Sherlock makes a deduction.
'Yet how is it possible, Molly, I can pass to the terrace at that hour?' said he, recollecting himself, 'the sentinels will stop me, and Signor Moriarty will hear of the affair.'
John held up the phone, clearing his throat and feeling horrifically obvious as he looked at Sherlock and Mary standing at arm’s length from one another, Sherlock a little further from John. “Ok,” he said, positioning them in the centre of the screen. “Go”.
“Just a spectacular day’s sport, one of the highlights of these games, one for the ages, what a nail-biter, the adrenaline is absolutely coursing through my body Irene and I am spent, SPENT.”
During dinner, the conversation was chiefly on war and politics. They talked with energy of the state of Venice, its dangers, the character of the reigning Doge and of the chief senators; and then spoke of the state of Rome. When the repast was over, they rose, and, each filling his goblet with wine from the gilded ewer, that stood beside him, drank 'Success to our exploits!' Moriarty was lifting his goblet to his lips to drink this toast, when suddenly the wine hissed, rose to the brim, and, as he held the glass from him, it burst into a thousand pieces.
As it turns out, Sherlock’s performance in person is something else altogether. The hoop routine is first, the one John had watched on Lestrade’s phone. On the screen, Sherlock had seemed graceful and smooth; but in person, it is the power that strikes John the most. The height of his leaps, the casual strength in his body as he rolls and tumbles and throws the hoop. He is graceful certainly, and flexible (there is one particular step in the routine where Sherlock balances the hoop under his bum and then backflips over it that causes John to breathe a bit deeply), but it’s the energy and muscle so clearly thrumming under the surface of his skin that really makes John sit up and pay attention.
“Seems a bit quiet, doesn’t it?  Thought they’d be a bit flashier,” remarked Mike to his right at the end of the routine. “Think all those ribbon drops are more of a worry though,” replied John, flexing the expertise gained from a half-hour’s spectating.
'Is this, then, the reward of my ingenuousness?' said Sherlock, when he was alone; 'the treatment I am to receive from a relation—a brother—who ought to have been the guardian, not the slanderer of my reputation,—who, as a man, ought to have respected the delicacy of honour, and, as a relation, should have protected mine! But, to utter falsehoods on such a subject—to repay the propriety of my conduct (or at least the conduct that he was aware of), with slanders—required a depravity of heart, such as I could scarcely have believed existed, such as I weep to find in a relation'.
Madame Anderson, meanwhile, was expressing to Madame Holmes her astonishment, that she could bear to pass her life in this remote corner of the world, as she called it, and describing, from a wish, probably, of exciting envy, the splendour of the balls, banquets, and processions which had just been given by the court, in honour of the nuptials of the Duke de Joyeuse with Margaretta of Lorrain, the sister of the Queen. She described with equal minuteness the magnificence she had seen, and that from which she had been excluded; while Sherlock's vivid fancy, as he listened with the ardent curiosity of youth, heightened the scenes he heard of; and Madame Holmes, looking on her family, felt, as a tear stole to her eye, that though splendour may grace happiness, virtue only can bestow it.
The remark of Molly had revived Sherlock's terrible suspicion, concerning Mycroft’s fate; and he resolved to make another effort to obtain certainty on this subject, by applying to Moriarty once more.
Sherlock was surprised and alarmed, at the secrecy which this man seemed to think so necessary, and hesitated whether to meet him, till, considering, that he might scarcely be in more danger from the meeting, resolved to go.
Speaking of warnings, those gymnasts are indeed, pretty damn muscular.  Earlier this year US gymnast Sam Mikulak, lamenting the lack of interest in men's gymnastics compared to the women's sport, posited that they should compete shirtless so people could see the muscles and thus perhaps make the sport more popular.
'Sherlock, I have been looking for you all over the castle,' said she. 'If you will step this way, I will shew you a picture.'
'I cannot doubt the truth of it,' replied the lady gravely, disgusted by the abrupt contradiction she had received, concerning her opinion of John Watson's merit. 'You will, perhaps, doubt it,' said Monsieur Mycroft, 'when I assure you, that it was only this morning that I rejected his suit.' This was said without any intention of imposing the meaning it conveyed, but simply from a habit of considering himself to be the most important person in every affair. 'Your reasons are indeed such as cannot be doubted,' replied the lady, with an ironical smile. 'Any more than the discernment of the Chevalier Watson,' added Douglas, who stood by the chair of Monsieur Mycroft, and had heard him assume for himself, as he thought, a distinction which had been paid to his younger brother. 'His discernment MAY be justly questioned, Signor,' said Monsieur Mycroft, who was not flattered by what she understood to be praise of Sherlock.
While he was in this state of perplexity, the shepherd himself appeared: his children ran to meet him; he took one of them in his arms, and, with the other clinging to his coat, came forward with a loitering step. His forlorn and melancholy look determined John at once; he threw down all the money he had, except a very few louis, and bounded away after Holmes and Sherlock, who were proceeding slowly up the steep. John had seldom felt his heart so light as at this moment; his spirits danced with pleasure; every object around him appeared more interesting, or beautiful, than before. Sherlock observed the uncommon vivacity of his countenance: 'What has pleased you so much?' said he. 'O what a lovely day,' replied John, 'how brightly the sun shines, how pure is this air, what enchanting scenery!' 'It is indeed enchanting,' said Holmes, whom early experience had taught to understand the nature of John's present feelings. 'What pity that the wealthy, who can command such sunshine, should ever pass their days in gloom—in the cold shade of selfishness! For you, my young friend, may the sun always shine as brightly as at this moment; may your own conduct always give you the sunshine of benevolence and reason united!'
Sherlock, as he travelled among the clouds, watched in silent awe their billowy surges rolling below; sometimes, wholly closing upon the scene, they appeared like a world of chaos, and, at others, spreading thinly, they opened and admitted partial catches of the landscape—the torrent, whose astounding roar had never failed, tumbling down the rocky chasm, huge cliffs white with snow, or the dark summits of the pine forests, that stretched mid-way down the mountains. But who may describe Sherlock’s rapture, when, having passed through a sea of vapour, he caught a first view of Italy; when, from the ridge of one of those tremendous precipices that hang upon Mount Cenis and guard the entrance of that enchanting country, he looked down through the lower clouds, and, as they floated away, saw the grassy vales of Piedmont at his feet, and, beyond, the plains of Lombardy extending to the farthest distance, at which appeared, on the faint horizon, the doubtful towers of Turin?
From this state he was recalled by a knocking at the chamber-door, and, enquiring who was there, heard the whispering voice of Molly.
“Mmm, a bit ambitious there if you ask me Kate. While we were looking at Moran, Mike Stamford scored a 14.3 for Team GB, respectable work… but up Anderson comes now to the apparatus. Starting off with a backwards roll through to planche position, lowers to lever and then back up to Maltese cross, so incredibly difficult…”
'You must go to the servants’ hall’ said Sherlock, ‘and see what you can hear regarding the Count’s intention of staying at the castle’.  'Yes, sir,' said Molly with readiness; 'but how am I to find the way, if I leave the lamp with you?'
The first interruptions to the happiness he had known since his retirement, were occasioned by the death of his two daughters. He lost them at an early age; and though, in consideration of his wife’s distress, he restrained the expression of his own, and endeavoured to bear it philosophically; he had, in truth, no philosophy that could render him calm to such losses. One son, Sherlock, was now his only surviving child.
Some bloke in black leggings rewards John’s stubby-fingered screen poking. It’s not Sherlock; but John watches it attentively, hunched over the tiny screen. The man walks off the floor at the end of his routine and there’s a few replays before it cuts to the kiss ‘n’ cry where the athlete and his coach sit and wait for the scores to come in. It looks awful - at least in the artistic world you can jump around, hide your face and run if you have to; rather than staring straight down the camera while you wait to hear how badly you cocked it up.
'Holy Saints!' rejoined Molly; 'How I was surprised! I met her just now, on the rampart below, there. I never was so surprised in my life! Ah! this is a strange place! I should never have done wondering, if I was to live here an hundred years. But, as I was saying, I met her just now on the rampart, and I was thinking of nobody less than of her.'
John looks at the tiny Sherlock on screen; confident and poised. His outfit is a dark charcoal, almost black, with a block of blue on the chest, a thin red pinstripe detail separating the two dark colours. He looks impossibly tall and slim, one long line with his hair slicked back in an unforgiving style.
While he paused, the music ceased; and, after a momentary hesitation, he advanced to the fishing-house, which he entered, and found unoccupied! His violin lay on the table; everything seemed undisturbed, and he began to believe it was another instrument he had heard, till he remembered, that, when he followed M. and Madame Holmes from this spot, his violin was left on a window seat. As he pondered this, he perceived that to the lines on the windowsill others were added, in which his name appeared.
“Righto, come up then,” he muttered. Ignoring Sarah’s cheery wave goodbye, fluttering all her fingers at the two of them as they headed to the lifts.  They stepped in and Sherlock jabbed at the button.
'I have given a solemn promise,' said he, 'to observe a solemn injunction. Let me hasten to remove the temptation’ he said to himself; and he consigned the papers to the flames, though the next moment he longed to snatch them from the consuming fire. His eyes watched them as they slowly consumed, his mind twisting at the recollection of the sentence he had just seen, and at the certainty, that the only opportunity of explaining it was then passing away for ever.
Moriarty then went to his husband's apartment, whither Sherlock was summoned soon after, and found them in high dispute.—'You shall be a witness,' said Mycroft to Sherlock, 'of my opposition. Now, sir, repeat the command, I have so often refused to obey.'
John tossed the phone in his hand, up and down, up and down, eyes never leaving Sherlock’s. The scratches in the silver finish of the phone caught the light in jagged flashes. With a small, private smile, John rose, crossing the small room and handing the phone to Sherlock wordlessly.
“I like your funny leotard. Good luck in the finals today, I’ll be watching. Let’s have dinner. From Victor, dear,” narrates Mrs. Hudson. “Though not sure why he thinks your costume is funny; bit rude, that.”
'Ah monsieur!' said Molly archly, 'now I dare say you are thinking of Monsieur Watson, and that he may have come among the armies, which, they say, are come from our country, to fight against this state, and that he has met with some of OUR people, and is taken captive. O Lord! how glad I should be, if it was so!'
His brother looked at him with displeasure, but wanted the relief of complaint too much to stop talking.
Feeling the giddy rush of spirits that sometimes comes after a fright; Sherlock took the dog into the garden, and walked down to the terrace, that overhung the river. The sun was now set; the bat flitted silently by; and, now and then, the mourning note of the nightingale was heard.
. The Sunday of Victor-bloody-Trevor’s fencing match.  “Mm,” said John through tightly pressed lips. The door opened and John marched through, fishing in his pocket for the keys. Once inside, John flicked the switch on the kettle as behind him he heard Sherlock open the laptop and settle on the couch.
Afterwards, he was inclined to deduce, that Count Wilkes had obtained admittance into the castle; but he soon recollected the difficulties and dangers, that must have opposed such an enterprise, and that, if he had so far succeeded, to come alone and in silence to his casement at midnight was not the conduct he would have adopted, particularly since the private stair-case, communicating with his apartment, was known to him; neither would he have uttered the dismal sounds he had heard.
'But the Signor will oblige us with the reasons, which urged him to believe, that the lady committed suicide.'
Sieger looks at the pin John has presented. It’s Pride the Lion, the Team GB mascot, doing a handstand on a pommel horse (terrible technique).  Sherlock’s dad seems utterly delighted with it. “OO-oohh!” he exclaims, peering at it closely in John’s hand. “No, that’s a new one!  May I?”
“Thanks Mary,” he said, handing over the phone. “Glad you’re… keeping well. Good luck with those, er, Kundry catches!” he called, jogging after Sherlock, who was striding towards the door without a backwards glance.
'It is a subject of some interest to you, undoubtedly,' rejoined Moriarty, 'and I think you must see it in the light that I do; indeed it will not bear any other. I trust you will agree with me, that any objection founded on sentiment, as they call it, ought to yield to circumstances of solid advantage.'
“Not my young man, Mrs. Hudson,” replies Sherlock, gently easing the first leg of tights up his calf.
“Getting underway here with a beautiful inverted cross… moving through these strength positions, holding each for the full two seconds required… Murray of course an Olympic veteran, taking the bronze in the horizontal bar apparatus in London at the last games….”
