It took Bruce and Tony another good hour to get preparations on the way. In the meantime, Thor had finally returned to the tower. The troubled look on his face was gone, replaced by determination. And against all of Steve’s expectations, Thor seemed to agree with Tony’s plan. When he had looked down at the cradle, something close to relief had washed over his face.
His grin might’ve turned a little diabolic then. “Told him it’s also Ian’s three-weeks-birthday and that we would have to wait a whole year before we could throw a party for him otherwise.”
“It could,” Steve agreed, though he didn’t truly believe that. They’d already been brought to their lowest. And he’d learned from his mistakes. He caught Tony’s eyes and held his gaze. “It could also be amazing.”
"So you wrote an A.I. all by yourself," he finally said. It was true—he didn't have enough knowledge in technology to be called anything more than average, but he did know that Artificial Intelligence was a seriously advanced field. "That's, uh, impressive."
He couldn’t… he couldn’t believe the nerve of that guy. The way he’d just expected him to do what he asked of him, like it was perfectly normal… like he was
In this position, it was easy for Steve to control the force and depth of his thrusts, and that in itself presented an improvement to last time, which was saying a lot. It was a relief to feel Tony slipping, to know he was going to come. As Tony cried out his release, Steve realized he hadn’t even needed his dick touched, and that realization was more than he could take.
They always referred to Tony as ‘the person’, because even though Steve knew it wasn’t illegal anymore to be with another man, he couldn’t bring himself to share that bit of information, yet, and Natasha never asked.
It was almost like the green face in front of him was smiling then. “Cut off one head, two more shall take its place.” The face contorted into Hydra’s symbol.
Answering him over his shoulder, Bruce said, “It should, yes. The blade’s still in there, and we need to get it out before Extremis can heal the wound. Plier?”
“Oh, I’m sure we could,” Steve retorted, and promptly leaned back down to give Tony a real kiss, tongue and all.
“He was there for all of the not-so-nice parts of my life. I mean, the other AI back-ups have one hundred percent the same programming as JARVIS had, but it’s… not the same. It’s not bad, it’s just… the longer he’s gone, the more I realize JARVIS was a one-of-a-kind kind of guy.”
there were voices in front of the barn, followed by Barnes’ shouting: “Steve! Get your pants back on, for God’s sake. We gotta go!”
“Go back to bed, then,” Steve suggested. Tony had only come home late last night, another meeting in DC holding him hostage. And Steve knew there was another one in Manhattan this afternoon.
, had expected to hear when it came to Natasha’s past. He was aware that Clint probably knew all of it, but that was
Even so, it surprised him when he lifted his hand and looked down at his watch. He very rarely slept past seven, and now it was almost eleven a.m. He glanced back at the RV, and noticed the closed curtains. Well, that provided all the evidence he needed. The others had been sleeping in as well.
“Shut up,” Tony said, and kissed him again. His fingers had somehow opened Steve’s zipper in record time, wrapping around his cock, while shoving his jeans down with his bare feet. His hand pumped up and down the length of his shaft as though they had been doing this for ages. In just a few seconds, any hesitation Steve had harbored about this flew out the window. A throaty gasp tore through his lips, and his head collapsed against Tony’s shoulder.
“No,” Steve said as he reached forward to pull at Tony’s shirt. Tony raised himself up on his elbows, helping him, then dropped down on the mattress again. Once Tony’s chest was bared, Steve immediately leaned down, tonguing one of Tony’s nipples, pushing the soft nub inwards and smiling when Tony shivered. “I also checked you out in the river,” he confessed without looking up.
Turning around, Tony dropped down next to Steve. With a sigh, he leaned back against the wall and drew his knees up to his chest. “I have a feeling I just made my life a lot more complicated.”
me for weeks to take her with us. And by the way, you can’t fool me. You just want to sleep with her before she leaves for Colorado.”
what I was trying to say is… My opinion on a lawsuit like this might not change, no matter how often you travel back in time, but… you changed everything else. Don’t you see? We’re all still here. Together. We’re a team.”
Tony raised a brow, and finally pulled off his shaded sunglasses. There was no hurt and no tears in his big brown eyes today. The mask of professionalism was back up and very firmly in place. “You’re alone?” he asked.
Tony reached his free hand across the table to grab hers. Then, he pulled it to his lips and pressed a quick kiss to her knuckles. “Please don’t be mad at me.” He was probably laying it on a bit thick now, jutting his lower lip out and batting his lashes to see if he could save himself from receiving the sharp end of Pepper’s heels.
Bucky screamed. And the fact that he still didn’t let go, stubbornly holding the chip in his trembling hand, was just one more proof that Bucky was still in there. Somewhere.
He was going to die. He was going to die, and he’d never meet Tony in person. He’d never have this, never be with Tony.
They had come running into the main hall right behind Natasha, who was twirling around the Winter Soldier in fast elegant movements. Three of Phil’s SHIELD agents joined the fight only a moment later. The brown-haired girl—
Thor and his goddamn talk of past lives. He sounded so sure about it, like there was no doubt in this world or the next that reincarnations were real. That what he and Steve had back then, was real…
“Obviously it’s not,” Steve said, unaware of Tony’s inner freak-out. “Come on, we need to go. I’ve done enough messing up my future by now.”
When he opened his eyes again to look at Tony, and saw the worried look he gave him, Steve could do nothing but shrug helplessly.
“There are alternate futures, of course,” Strange said as he sat down across from Steve, “so it’s not always possible to travel to the same one. The Time Stone, however—its power is based on
Still. It just didn’t seem enough for Tony to be so… out of it. He’d always been running on too little sleep, and he usually handled it just fine, whether Steve liked it or not.
Instead of commenting on the co-leader jibe, Tony bit his lower lip and folded his arms across his chest. The others agreed immediately and he watched as they set into motion, bickering back and forth while they cleared the couch table from its various snack-packages, soda bottles and glasses, bringing all of it into the nearby kitchen.
Steve was still looking at him through the mirror, Tony realized. So he cleared his throat once more, and said: “Just wanted to see if you have everything you need.”
“Said he’d be out to talk to me as soon as he could,” Steve replied, guiding her to a chair. “I called Jim, and he should be here in a—”
She only shook her head, sighing. “I haven’t seen him since…” She stopped, taking a deep breath. “He asked for a room. To be alone.”
“Alright, that’s nice, really,” he said, giving Obi a firm glare for that last comment. “How about we all calm down a little. I wasn’t asking for your permission, I just wanted to do the polite thing and introduce you. Doesn’t mean my sex life’s up for discussion now, I—”
… entertaining the idea of starting a family in the foreseeable future, she had—in a very elegant and stoic kind of way—pretty much lost her shit. And ever since, Pepper had made it her personal life goal to move things forward.
“You know, I read those SSR files,” Fury said. “‘Greatest generation?’ You guys did some nasty stuff.”
Tony couldn’t help but feel a little giddy at those words. So it hadn’t just been him. Pepper had been annoyed as hell about his moody behavior and it was good to know that Steve had been affected by their long separation, too.
But Steve also thought of the way his relationship with Tony had already changed in these past years. It had taken them nearly
"It is not a dead parrot, sir," said Jarvis, injecting just the right note of surrealism as Tony circled the zombie bear-dog, just out of its reach, distracting it as the reporters and camera-people fled for their lives
He didn't like the way Tony took the privileges of great wealth for granted – but, of course, he had been born to the life, didn't know anything else.
Tony still didn't know who had taken charge of the prisoners and didn't really care. He did know that an APB had gone out for the vigilante – whose name turned out to be Frank Castle – but no one seemed in the least hopeful about catching him.
Jan snorted. "I've been with Betty in enough tough spots over the past few days to know that's not necessary. But I think all three of us might be safer in New York. With the other Avengers."
Steve's instincts had been doing their own subconscious calculation of speed and trajectories. "Now!" he shouted, but Iron Man's hands were releasing him even as he spoke.
The Ancient One ignored that. "I warned Doctor Banner about the possible consequences to the timestream of taking the Infinity Stones into the future. I trusted him. It appears I was wrong."
But the seats on his immediate left and right were noticeably empty, and Okoye stood at his shoulder, other members of the Dora Milaje lined against the wall behind her.
The sun was dropping towards the sea when they finally climbed back into the Ferrari and set off towards Malibu.
Even before she had finished speaking, Storm was descending from the aircraft, Jan following him with the other woman right behind her, her handgun still pointed at Jan's head
"That one was effective in neutralising him," North pointed out, nodding towards where T'Challa stood, apparently unaware of his surroundings. "Yours contains the factor carried in the blood of the Chiefs of the Panther tribe that allows them to survive your rituals."
"That hardly matters, brother, I have you exactly where I want you – and I even have a use for Stark."
When he found it, he turned the SUV onto a short drive and drew to a stop at a closed gate. He took out his cell and tapped in a number. "It's Tony," he said. "I'm at the gate."
Beyond the windshield, he could see concrete and glass sliding by, with a wing tip just skimming the cars and cabs on the street below. Then suddenly the ornithopter was out of Manhattan and over the water...
"Shields at full strength, Jarvis." Steve snatched up his own shield and ran for the door. As he moved, he felt something land on his shoulder – Wasp, presumably – but ignored it, hoping that she could manage to cling to his T-shirt.
"It had better be possible. I'm now in charge of the situation here," Danvers informed him, flashing her identification.
Tony realised he was shivering in the climate-controlled armour, and didn't know why. Sure, this accident had its elements of horror, but he had seen far worse and the armour had always enabled him to maintain a little emotional distance. Not now. Now he was shivering and scared which he shouldn't be, never was in the armour, and he didn't know why.
"So bill me. I'm still trying to work out whether I can do the same to you for the damage to the foyer of my tower. By the way, unless those thugs were yours – and I do hope not – then there's a leak somewhere in SHIELD or with its masters, because they knew Captain America was the real thing. They came looking for Steven Grant Rogers and no-one else."
Steve jumped. "What? I mean, what, exactly?" He couldn't remember venturing an opinion about Pepper Potts. In fact he was pretty sure he wouldn't dare; his feelings were too conflicted, too influenced by his feelings for Tony...
"It isn't," Jarvis interrupted. "There is no street, building, suburb or village called Merryweather in or around Winchester, or, indeed, in the whole of England. 52-J is not a form of numbering used anywhere in the UK. In fact, I have failed to find anything even approaching that formulation. If it is meant to be an apartment, it would be Flat J comma 52—"
"Darn it," Steve said. "I am so disappointed," and tickled Tony again. This time, though, Tony was ready for him, and the tickling turned into something else entirely.
Laurel and Hardly looked at each other then, somewhat suspiciously, beyond Tony, to where Steve was leaning with his back against the bar arms folded.
"Friend Stark, the good Jarvis informs me that you were asleep. I am sorry to have to wake you, but the matter is urgent. An hour ago, my dear Jane's base camp was attacked. My friends fought back valiantly. Erik's defences held firm, and Darcy wielded her taser mightily."
"Something you won't tell me about. For that, bro, I am sure dialling back on your birthday present."
Like hell, Tony thought. However, he climbed into the back seat of the vehicle as instructed. Steve was about to follow when the warrior holding the dog, which was now alternately growling and barking in earnest, spoke to him in Wakandan, his voice rising in an obvious question.
"With a whole bunch of your damn arrogant thugs telling me to butt out. You get down here, Danvers and sort this damn thing out."
None of it made sense, least of all his own existence. There was so much the man he was supposed to be shouldn't know but was familiar, and so much he should know but didn't.
Tony did not hesitate. He was already changing his grip, swinging Steve, below him, an arm around his waist as he said, "Gotcha. I'll make that fifty feet."
Steve was wishing that Thor was here instead of him, because Thor wouldn't have worried about offending Tony, just hugged him without over thinking the consequences and that, he was almost certain, was what Tony needed. And he'd just learned it would not be acceptable from Captain America.
He ran the figures – which way the helicarrier's decks had been facing when she hit, the strength and direction of the waves generated, the state of the tide, the currents in the Sound – to estimate the Captain's likely position after the crash, then what someone with enhanced vision might see, and what reasoning they might employ. Then he headed for Long Island.
"Do it!" Steve ordered, as Jan – full sized again – opened a locker close to the main hatch and heaved a parachute onto the floor. She paused to speak urgently to Betty as Steve carried suit-and-sunglasses forward, Shuri at his heels. Together, they inserted the unconscious man into the chute harness.
"Your wish is my command, oh my captain. Except it's five miles to the highway – Christ, that was close! – and that'll be full of traffic."
The light cut off abruptly. He felt the scratch of Tony's beard against his neck, the press of his body against his back as his arms slid around his waist, the softness of his genitals against his thighs...
was the message Tony carried with him, first to the penthouse for a quick shower and a change of clothing, then to his workshop, and finally to the Avengers conference room.
His disappointment in SHIELD was bitter, even if it was not unexpected after what they had done to the Living Laser. Trusting the organisation with anything important never worked out well, despite his Dad's faith in Fury.
"Of course not, Tony." Steve's reply was amused, but there was a note of unease at the back of it that made Tony's stomach lurch.
"Yeah. I'm not going to open up your floor, even if you could make it down there. The furniture is covered in dustsheets, and you left nothing of your own when you moved upstate. It's not fit for habitation. Now, do you think you can shower without falling down and hitting your head? Yes? Good. Friday, keep an eye on him and make sure he stays awake."
Bracing himself, Tony went back to the bodies and examined them more carefully than was good for his digestion. All were in SHIELD agents' uniform, with med-tech coats flung over. One actually had a gun in his hand... except that hand dangled from a broken wrist and his head was at an unnatural angle.
It was only then that he remembered that the whole complex had been shut down and mothballed in 1972. Whatever puzzle had been left, it hadn't been for him.
"Uhuh. But I was General Chester Phillips's driver for a while. He used to talk a lot about him. Guess your father did too."
Natasha took her cue from his silence. "Good evening," she said, with her best smile. "We've come to speak with your boss."
There was also an empty glass on the floor beside the couch, and a half-empty bottle besides it. Steve took a look at the label and winced. Even he knew what the words '40 year old Single Cask Malt Whisky' signified and that it was really, really too good to be used as an anaesthetic.
Pepper frowned at him. "I do not forge your signature, Tony, though I am often tempted. If your signature is on that contract, you signed it."
There was a smile on Frigga's lips and in her eyes. "My son Loki did you great wrong, yet you allowed him to live. Even if Thor had not pleaded with me, I could not have allowed one of those who made that choice to go unrewarded. But now you must rest." The last thing Steve saw was her hand moving above him in a complex gesture, and sleep came easily.
Through the morning and into the afternoon, Jan, Betty and Steve were engrossed in reading everything Jarvis had sorted for them. By common consent, Steve dealt with the military details, Betty with the science – with Jan's occasional help – and Jan with the accounts and administration.
"They're good," Steve said quickly. "But, Thor, I may have to ask for your help. How much control do you have over the weather – specifically, storms? In this case, a hurricane."
There was a silence as they drank their coffee. Steve, at least, was trying to put his thoughts in order. There was something he wanted to ask Jan, because asking Tony seemed fraught with peril on all sides. "Jan, there's something I don't understand. I'm— I'm gay. Maybe a little bit bi, because there was one woman, though I – we – never— Otherwise I've only ever wanted men, though back in the forties it was better not to act on that. But when... I wanted to know whether I had a chance with Tony, if ever he and Pepper split, I searched on line. There wasn't a hint that he was anything but totally straight. Then we... and it turned out he's bisexual and experienced."
Somehow or other, Steve hung onto control, just as he hung onto Tony's hands, not allowing them to twist loose. "Perhaps it was your choice of company. Not particularly classy, Stark."
"And then you met Hank?" he said, hurriedly, to divert her, with a smile to take any sting out of it.
The contraption on which he had been transported, which had been hovering above the floor with no visible means of support, swung towards him, and he had to leap aside to avoid it carrying him with it as it crashed into the wall.
" he added as Steve kissed them. "I won't have it, Steve. I'm a middle-aged ex-arms manufacturer with a machine in my chest keeping my body alive. I've wasted most of my life and now I'm on borrowed time. You're young and talented and a hero and so many things I'm not, and you haven't had the chance to live: depression era slum kid, impoverished student, soldier in wartime, man out of time with PTSD, mourning his past. So..." He slid his fingers sideways to stroke Steve's cheek, ruffling the short beard. "Promise me."
For the first time Steve really understood the cliché about 'pacing like a caged tiger' because that was exactly how he felt. Tony's workshop, indeed the whole Malibu house, had become a prison. He wanted, needed, to be on the East Coast, and there were a dozen reasons why he could not be, including that Tony had specifically asked – ordered? – that he stay here.
Tony made a cutting motion with one hand that he knew Jarvis would pick up and the line went dead. "Steve?" It was lucky, he thought, that Cap was sitting down right now, because he looked almost as if he was about to faint. Indeed, Bruce had risen to his feet and moved quickly to his side.
Unlike Steve, Tony was still breathless and shaking. "Attack could have been aimed at you," he said.
"Rogers here," it was Steve's Captain America voice, and that boded no good at all. "There're some things you need to know.
For a moment there was silence, except for cooking noises, then Pepper said, "Tony was worried when you went off-radar."
"For saving what's left of your reputation, you mean? Not that they would have had to do it if you'd had a chauffeur drive one of your damn supercharged death traps."
Steve shuddered in a strange half-laugh. "Thank God you can't. I'd be so tempted to save Bucky, to save all my friends, but I couldn't do that, it would change things. You might ... might ... not even ... exist."
But there was a highball glass and a StarkPhone on the table next to the spa, and Tony's robe was hanging from a rail next to the shower.
"Don't give me that!" Danvers spat. "War Machine was spotted over the coast only twenty miles from here four days ago."
Clint nodded. "It might tip our hand. Which, as it's no more than a couple of low value pairs, isn't going to scoop the pot for us. I say we continue to bluff."
There was a sharp command in what was probably the same language in reply, and then the voice demanded, in English, "Mr Stark, how did you obtain the vibranium you are using right now."
Jan smiled mysteriously and said, "It must be seriously annoying to Tony that you don't notice." Then, before he could reply, she glanced at her watch. "Is that the time? We might even have been missed. Let's go find out."
Before he knew Tony well enough to have a clear idea of his motives, Steve had been dragged into every room in the Avengers part of the Tower to find the one with the best light. Within a week, and without his knowledge or input, it had been converted into an extensively equipped artist's studio.
right, I call the fourth amendment, so produce your warrant. If you do have the authority to search this building. Which I doubt."
It was the first time that Steve had seen Asgard from outside Thor's apartments. On the balcony or looking out through the windows, the gargantuan towers had always gleamed golden against a sky that never seemed to change, a red sun low on one horizon, the stars and galaxies bright in a black sky on the other, blue streaked with fine white clouds overhead, with the sea sparkling beyond and the rainbow bridge a dazzling streak between water and sky. The weather had always been perfect. Now, though, everything was masked in something between drizzle and mist. The cloak hood which shadowed his face was a perfectly natural protection against the weather, but with the huge bulk of the giant Volstagg on his right and the stony-faced Hogun glaring about him on his left masking him from passers-by no one was likely to notice that one third of the Warriors Three was a ringer. And if either of his companions reached out to steady him at each exact moment he needed that support, well, that was also hidden by cloaks, mist and familiarity.
"I don't blame you," Steve said, with his best reassuring smile. "But that portal confirms that you were kidnapped by or at the request of Hunter's allies. I intend to deliver you to King T'Challa and let him explain everything to you. Meanwhile..." He opened his comm. "Colonel, go really high, head for New York, but maintain stealth mode and radio silence. Oh, and watch out for airliners and drones."
"When he has time to think about it. I couldn't take care of the company all day, and then take care of Tony. I just couldn't, Steve. I wanted someone to, just occasionally, take care of me."
"Of course not," Pepper said, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "Just because you don't want Steve to hear my side..."
Instantly, the display surrounded him, their own security cameras giving a three hundred and sixty degrees full colour and holographic display of the area around the tower, while below that were ranged the banks of smaller displays, mainly in black and white and all in 2D, some fuzzier than others.
Tony glanced up at him. Steve was battered, the back of his off-the-peg but still expensive designer jacket torn into ragged strips, which hung from his shoulders like a poor imitation of an Asgardian cloak. Tony didn't like to contemplate the state of his back.
"Yeah, well, someone's brother stole my watch," he said, glancing towards T'Challa in the hope of seeing a reaction, but the man's face was still hidden from view. "So sorta lost track of time, and other things."
"What vibranium? The only guys who can mine safely it are the locals, and they've bolted. We don't even know how to operate their equipment. It's like nothing we've ever seen before."
This time, Steve didn't just nod. He turned his head and kissed Tony's hand. "Yes," he said. "Always."
"Internet shopping," Jan said. "My fashion house has a branch in LA. I'll contact the manager. Meanwhile, I may borrow one of your shirts. Right this way, Betty."
"Just below the scapula. A little blood. Not currently bleeding. I would judge whatever it was didn't hit anything vital."
"I believe," Tony said steadily, "that there is one thing we can do to guarantee that they can't get me to testify against you on a Federal charge, at least not without my lawyers fighting all the way to the Supreme Court."
It was then that the pain began, spreading out from his chest. But Tony had endured a damaged heart, had been dying when Mallen had torn out the reactor the armour had used to save him, that had been keeping him alive.
In triumph, she'd called Rhodey to tell him about it, assuming he was on her side. Rhodey, however, had been horrified that she'd gotten not just into SI's legal Department's files but, through them, to Roberta's home computers.
Even on the single word, there was no mistaking that voice. Tony had to hold onto the chair back because his knees were jelly and his pulse pounding in his ears, louder than the thunder and the waves. It seemed years since he had breathed.
There must have been a desperate note in Steve’s voice that reached him, for the next second, Tony’d frozen in place. “I never know what to do, Tony. My God, I’ve been lost since we got here! I’ve never felt so lost in my life. And I can’t talk to you—”
They’d agreed to eat lunch together, making a slightly awkward small talk on the way over, then brought their food outside to eat on the tower’s rooftop.
The sight that greeted Steve when he summoned up the courage to face the room was enough to break the strongest of wills. Bucky was on his knees staring at the abandoned bed in front of him. He was still only wearing pants, his hair hanging messily over his face. He wasn’t moving, wasn’t breathing. For all intents and purposes, he might as well have been a statue. A stone figure reduced to his knees through his distress. Not an inch of his body flickered in recognition; nothing betrayed his knowledge of Steve being there.
It took Tony a moment to realize Steve had zoned out on him. Those last words he had said had been a bit slurred, and then Steve’s gaze had become all absent and empty, and yeah, Tony should’ve realized what was happening immediately.
“Did you just say a sentence?” Steve asked Ian, then remembered the question. “No I won’t go, darling, I… God, he learned to form sentences… and I missed that.”
He rolled on his side of the bed and held his arms open for Tony. With a smile, he settled against his chest, slipping a leg over Steve’s. Steve settled a hand over Tony’s hip; the other at his arm, thumb tracing the skin at his shoulder tenderly.
Bruce shrugged again. "Hiding, stalling. Call it however you want. His godfather drops by every two months, always telling him to leave college and work at the company. Come to think of it, he's due pretty soon. I'd keep away from the labs if I were you, at least for a few weeks."
The biggest advantage to the position, as far as Steve was concerned, was the ease with which he could move. Tony clenched around him tighter than usual, making low rumbling growls fall from Steve as he struggled for self control. He took his hand from Tony's shoulder, with Tony's own still clasping on, and reached down to close his fingers around Tony's neglected cock.
Arrival at Stark Tower one day later went, for all intents and purposes, as was expected. Steve nearly doubled over when he tried to get to the medical floor, demanding to see Barnes right away.
He wasn't exactly sure where Tony's room was, but the dorms were all located in one building, so he figured that would be his best bet. Hopefully, by the time they got there Tony would kindly tell him where his room was.
“You’re the best,” he replied, stretching slightly. He really only cared for the taste, the caffeine didn’t do much for him unless he’d drink a couple of canisters—and even then, the effect didn’t last much longer than thirty-two minutes. Tony had counted.
“Don’t wanna wake up,” Steve murmured as he glanced to the large window front. It was still dark outside, but there was now a sliver of red filling the horizon, and he knew that the sun would rise soon.
Steve rolled his eyes, even while he jumped high into the air to dodge a missile shooting towards him from behind. On the next beat, he raised his shield, hurling it through the air once again and knocking five HYDRA agents to the floor. “And my weak spots are ‘not being very impressive’?”
Both were true. It already was everything he’d ever hoped it would be. Steve was at his side, and Tony realized that there was nothing that could go wrong.
Tony hummed, suddenly chuckling. When he was done, he returned Steve’s smile. “It was a start,” he answered and for the first time since Siberia—or Ultron, really—he looked at Steve like the only thing that mattered was this moment, right here, right now.
He took his time, soaking up every soft gasp Steve released. The hand around Steve’s cock moved up and down more firmly, trying to take his mind off the weird feeling a bit. He encircled its length, pumping him slowly, while thumbing the slit whenever he reached the top.
He had a feeling he wouldn’t like this conversation. While he’d wished to find out more about Tony, he knew that there was every chance the new information would kill all hope for him.
Tony snorted. That had been so long ago. “That was movie night, you jackass. And the pants were a gift from Clint.”
“What should we do?” Steve asked. The body was still impassively hovering in the air, staring out into the city. “Go and talk to him?”
“I’d prefer if you didn’t,” Steve answered with a little soft bite to Tony’s left nipple, forcing an embarrassingly high-pitched whelp out of Tony’s throat.
On one hand, Natasha had told him about her own visions and Clint's, but what they were seeing had actually
Averting his gaze, Tony grasped said hand currently lying on the table next to him, and let his finger trail over the engagement ring there. “And what’s
Tony eyed Steve with a weird mixture of disbelief and… fondness. The guy actually seemed to be amazed by DUM-E, and while Tony always had believed that the bot could be all kinds of amazing, this was… new.
“I’ll hold you to that,” he said, just as Steve had slipped the ring on his finger, brushing his thumb over it reverently. “One condition, though. You will never leave it to Clint again to pass on any sort of message to me, because hearing that you need ‘time out’, going to
There was no way around it any longer. He and Tony, they were living together. They had a relationship. They were, what—
TS 2:24 P.M.>You’re telling me all that while talking business with Fury?? You’re my favorite person right now. Just say the word, and I’ll take the suit and snatch you right out of that carrier
News. News had to be a good thing. News meant it was over. It was over. It was over. Relief swept over him. A tidal wave of pure, unadulterated relief.
It was late morning, and when Steve awoke, the sun was already nearing the crest in the sky. He awoke to a deepened state of relaxation, lying under a patchwork quilt he didn’t put there, his eyes blinking at the clear blue that met his vision.
However, the giant Daisy below picked up that moment to basically blow up like a balloon, and Tony had about two seconds of envisioning a horrible explosion right in the middle of Manhattan, before the plant-monster simply deflated, and died.
But Tony knew Steve was still searching for him and he had secretly started doing some research himself—not because he wanted to go after Barnes, he wasn’t that petty—he simply wanted to make sure the guy didn’t do something stupid and get himself killed in the process.
"What I want has nothing to do with it," Steve said in a stern tone, and finally took a step back, dropping Tony's hands. He could see the hope building, determination Steve should not be encouraging shining behind those brilliant browns. "I'm really sorry," he said again and turned away from him. "I have to... go."
“Just to be clear: I’m the puppet in this, right?” Steve asked, loosening his grip around Tony’s middle. Immediately, Tony turned around and rolled on top of Steve, all but plastering himself on his body. He grinned down on him, and Steve couldn’t help but smile back.
to let it happen, it was growing increasingly difficult to fight the wealth of affection blossoming within his chest for this man. This stupid but brilliant man who’d pushed him to his limits so often.
Tony dropped the rest of his pancake. “Hey, I’m not his dad,” he said defensively, then huffed, when Natasha cast him an impassive look. “Well, technically I made him, but that doesn’t mean he’s my responsibility. This is Vision we’re talking about. When have you ever heard of anyone ‘making’ him do something?”
“One more step,” Tony said, an arm wound around Steve’s torso, as they walked up the stairway. No elevators, Tony groaned. What kind of a place doesn’t have a fucking elevator? And Steve was very much staggering. When Tony stuck his hand into the back pocket of Steve’s pants to reach for his keys, the guy was snorting against Tony’s neck, pressing against him again. And he was so goddamn cute when he was this carefree, this boisterous and straight-forward, Tony couldn’t help but kiss him again.
“Morning,” Steve replied, fisting his t-shirt and pulling Tony’s mouth back to his. His touch wasn’t nearly as domestic as the night before; his tongue tackled Tony’s, tasting him to the fullest. God, how was Tony supposed to just let this go? How could he possibly just say goodbye to Steve? How could anyone expect him to move on from this?
It was getting ridiculous. Bucky’s trial had lasted over eighteen months now, and Steve wished he could be helping him, but instead, things only got worse every day.
Their nanny sure had come over during crazy hours once or twice already, but Steve tried not to make a habit out of it. After a weeklong background check as well as double-checking her references, Veronica had been the only nanny that Tony had deemed acceptable, and Steve really tried not to push her patience if he could help it.
The green light blinked again, and the rear hatch opened. Even though Tony couldn’t directly feel his touch, the HUD informed him that Steve was grasping his hand, and Tony squeezed right back.
“I love you,” Steve said without hesitation, his arms clenching as tremors seized his body, ecstasy ripping through his every fiber. Tony’s muscles clamped down around him and Steve gave back as good as he got. His teeth were nipping at Tony’s throat, the moans rumbling through his body, melting into helpless whimpers as Tony suddenly trembled hard and spilled himself between both of their chests.
messy,” Tony replied, and managed a weak, hopeful smile. Steve opened his mouth, probably to explain that he was talking a long-term relationship and not their little back and forth, but Tony stopped him.
At that, he bucked beneath her, pulling his knee up underneath her ass so that he could throw her off him. She braced her fall with her hands, pushing herself up almost before she touched the ground, back on her feet in the time it took him to climb to his own.
“Youbrokemeagain,” he mumbled into the skin of Steve’s shoulder, the words blurring together. Goddammit, he was completely limp—again. And still shaking, and exhausted—again. But also much,
With a little wince, he leaned back further, balancing his weight on his toes so he could stand up. And
She chuckled. “Oh, don’t worry. I wouldn’t dream of bursting the perfect macho picture your husband has of you.” She tilted her head in thought, then, staring at a nonexistent spot on the table for a moment, before smiling at Tony. “You know what? Go back to DC, be with Steve. I’ll cancel all your meetings tomorrow. We all need a few days to cool off anyway. This is too important to chance it.”
Tony walked across the room, ignoring his question. “I’ll probably dream of you for decades after this is over. I’m in too fucking deep. And this is so goddamn
Steve sighed, one hand clumsily moving in Tony’s direction. At once, Tony reached out. Some innate part of him had to touch Steve. When their fingertips touched, he nearly crumpled at the raw strength that coursed beneath Steve’s skin.
“No,” Steve disagreed. “No, you haven’t. You shut yourself off. I’ve tried to approach you so many times and you didn’t even give me a chance.”
Steve let his gaze sweep across the room, landing on a little monitor that held on old picture of Arnim Zola from the time when Steve had taken him prisoner in 1943. “His name was Arnim Zola. He was a German scientist who worked for the Red Skull,” he explained slowly. “He’s been dead for years.”
“No,” Rhodey said, shaking his head. “When you decided for yourself that you wanted to stop drinking. To become better for him.”
The heady look in Tony's eyes was intoxicating. Steve's breathing was becoming ragged and heavy just seeing the way he looked at him. Clothes came off faster than Steve thought possible, and though he was a little remorseful at the lost chance to undress Tony, the feeling soon made way for things much more pleasant than that, like the sight of him, aroused.
"I still can't believe you actually went through with it," Sam said, looking from Tony to Steve, then to Natasha. "What made you set them up after all?" He was plainly ignoring Tony's displeasure but wasn't too obnoxious about it.
Tony was shaking, he realized, and it was then, when he felt it. He felt the heat of Ultron’s mind burning into his own. There was a second of clarity, before Extremis’ network was flooded with Ultron’s code.
Tony huffed, and grinned into the darkness. “’Do, too’? There you have your proof, you’re basically twelve.”
"Don't regret it now," Steve said by way of answer. Tomorrow was so far away, and Tony was so close right now. He'd leave worrying about such trivial things for his future self. "Dunno 'bout tomorrow."
Tony offered a little wave with hand, which was enough to break Steve from his daze. The air between them was suspended. He heard Tony breathing. Watched the curve of his mouth as he smiled at him. “Surprise,” he said.
When it briefly stopped raining, they made their way into the woods. It took them half an hour before they found some trees with orange fruits hanging from their crowns. They’d first found them a few days ago, on one of their walks through the woods. Not sure if they were poisonous at first, they’d done a few tests—touching the fruits to their lips, keeping it in their mouths, only eating a little and then waiting for reactions. By now, it was safe to say the fruits were edible, and aside from fish, rabbits and boars and a deer-like animal with
Steve sat down beside Bucky and firmly pulled his hands away from his face. “Bucky.” His voice made a point of staying very controlled. “Not. Your. Fault. We’ve been over this. It happened before, it will probably happen again. You’re in safe hands, we have it under control.”
Tony glanced back at him. “Usually I’d say you need to buy me dinner first, but technically speaking, you’ve constantly fed me for the past weeks, so…”
“No,” Natasha said on a sigh. “But I think we should try to give the others a chance to get out of town.” Natasha finally dared to broach the subject that had been on everyone’s mind for hours. “Hide them until we can get negotiations of the Accords underway. It will give us a different ground to work on.”
“No!” Tony yelled, unsure what was even happening, but the beam already hit Steve. Just a second before Strange could wrangle its powers again, Steve fell to the ground, staring at the thundering sky, unmoving.
Eventually, though, the day started to wear on him. Natasha showed him the gym, then the library. She said he’d eventually get his own telephone, and something she’d called a ‘tablet’, promising he could research everything he wanted to know about the new world. For now, they didn’t want to ‘put too much on his shoulders at once’.
It seemed as if time stilled between them for a moment. And Steve saw that compromise right before his eyes, saw something that both gave people a sense of security and still let the team do their job when the world needed them. It wouldn’t be easy, but maybe it wasn’t impossible.
It was Bruce who broke the silence. "Something wrong with modern theoretical physics, Stark?" He sounded curious rather than sceptical.
"I took my PhD – it's in particle physics, by the way, Stark – at University College, Oxford," the Panther said. "So yes; it would be difficult to avoid such a universal undergraduate icon."
"Yes. I'm Fandral. Sometimes called 'the dashing.' One third of the Warriors Three. And part of Thor's personal war band, for which he also claims you, so we are comrades in arms."
"Drone or missile?" Danvers asked, as she poured on the power, sending the plane straight upwards into the clouds.
"Yes, sir." The woman's voice had changed, now a tone or two higher, and the Englishness replaced by East Coast American. "Why are you calling this nu—?"
The soldier bent over Steve and laid fingers on his neck. After about thirty seconds, he announced, "Can't find a pulse. Guess that serum's not so hot after all."
What he really wanted to do was to put his arms around Steve and hold him – but it became clearer and clearer that Steve didn't want to touch him, dodging away from his outstretched hand.
The Hulk's huge fists clenched and his mouth opened in a roar that was louder than the explosion had been.
"He has a healing factor in his DNA," Tony said. "It's still working because he was hit by what was probably a piece of shrapnel from the explosion. There was blood on his clothing – his shoulder – but even the scar is gone."
Tony stared at his phone. "It's a cell, Romanoff, not radio," he pointed out to the empty air. "Stark out," he announced to no one in particular, took one more look at the fading contrails, and headed back to where he had left the armour.
Looking at Tony's black suit and scarlet silk shirt, Steve felt underdressed again, but then the other man looked up and smiled, and none of it mattered.
"It was Jarvis's idea, actually," Jan said brightly. "He alerted me that they were out there and in trouble. Identified them for me, too, because I'd no idea what either of them looked like unsuited. "
"We're not in touch with Steve right this minute," Natasha told him. "Trust us this time, Tony. We need you out of there."
As the doors closed, she said, "I'm moving into one of the hotel executive suites we keep in LA as a temporary measure. I'd appreciate you giving access to my contractors to pack and move my personal effects, both in the penthouse and my office, though, of course, I need to keep an office of some kind here. My PA can cope with routine duties. She's ready for promotion."
Steve gathered what little will he had left for one final effort. "Asgard... cannot... come... rainbow bridge... broken." He as pretty sure he did not say the words, that his lungs were blocked, his throat seared and frozen, his heart no longer beating. "Dissolve... magic... otherwise... we're both dead."
"Open the doors, Jarvis," he ordered, and dived towards the dark hole that opened in the cliff face below the house, the transporter units lining up to follow him.
There was silence for what seemed like a long time. Tony glared at each of his companions in turn, daring them to comment.
"SHIELD's trouble," Tony said. "Hank wouldn't like them. They build WMDs and have political masters who use them."
"Rogers. I'm glad to see that you're in one piece." That was Nick Fury's voice, and Tony braked to a halt, putting his weight on his heels so that Bruce had to stop too, and reaching up to take off his sunglasses. Bruce slapped his hand down and they had a small, undignified struggle which Tony won.
"I'm fine," Tony said, though he was shaking, not so much with cold as with anger, not at Steve but at his own stupidity. He knew Steve had a temper, knew he kept it under strict control just
"Fuck it, Steve, how can you have known me this long and not know me at all?" The anger was surging through Tony again. He fought to control it and lost. "When the alien ships are falling from the skies, do you really believe that I, and those who stand with me, won't fight against them, with or without government approval, even if it costs us our lives?"
Carefully, he shifted position until the tail was over tarmac and within reach of the work crew with their lasers and mobile cranes.
"Never," Jan's voice said cheerfully from behind them. "Except about sex and alcohol and making things go bang..." She was standing in the doorway, Hank and Steve flanking her, a frown slowly replacing the smile on her face as she took in Bruce's and Tony's expressions.
"The ornithopter-that-ate-New York. Except that it didn't. That guy. He tell  you anything? Like who sent him? And who built that wonderful machine?"
"Right at this moment I wish I knew," Tony admitted. "But, believe me, we mean no harm, whether we've been playing in our own timeline or not."
"So I could throw Ross out of it, what else?" Tony replied blandly. "I do not like Ross, but I hadn't considered him. He's fixated on the other guy, not me or Steve."
"And they have something that looks like a variant on Chitauri weaponry," Hawkeye added, as a final explosion shook the world about them.
Even as he stared the armour flowed out from the arc reactor and embraced him. Though this was far more advanced, the look of it was close enough to the 2012 Iron Man armours to pass muster at a distance.
The hand closed round the artefact. There was a ring on its finger, a yellow gold band with a jet-black stone set amid sharp points...
Steve had never seen him before; he was sure of this because he would certainly have remembered the dark blond hair falling rakishly to one side of his forehead, short-trimmed beard and curled and pointed moustaches, not to mention the dark green jerkin, breeches and knee high boots.
He'd been fucking pathetic last night. And he was lucky to be waking up at all. Those were things he could not say to Steve. He
Tony wasn't going to answer that one. He was just going to lie in Steve's arms and listen to his voice.
The white clad man nodded once, as if Tony's words confirmed something. "The artificer," he said, his voice surprisingly soft and, irritatingly, not in the least annoyed. "And you," he turned his eyes to Steve, "are not Horace Hogan. You are the Captain. Good."
"Not sure they did, Steve," Bruce replied. "The explosion probably would have temporarily blinded you, as it did Tony, but we don't know much about the gas."
But Tony was laughing so hard that he couldn't even attempt to reply. Instead, he leaned against the solidity that was Steve to hold himself upright as his body shook with mirth. And he'd infected Steve, who couldn't have understood either joke, because he was laughing too.
Fury ignored that, probably as too patently obvious. "You gonna help us recover the body?" he wanted to know.
This was interrupted by a shout of surprise and rage. As he came to his knees, Tony saw that one of the gunmen was twisting in circles, trying to dislodge Jan, who, clad in nothing but her dignity, was riding his shoulders, her naked legs wrapped about his neck, her fingers locked in his hair, dragging his head backward until his neck seemed stretched out of shape.
It had been easier than he had expected to get Steve to sleep. A little exaggeration of a necessary limp had had him insisting on helping Tony into the bathroom without him having to ask. (That he had already made use of it and treated his various injuries while Steve and Jan had been preparing lunch up in the Penthouse kitchen was something he didn't need to mention.) Yanking a fully-clothed Steve into the shower with him had produced language that had him tut-tutting with glee. And Steve's response to his laughter:
Guns were part of Tony's business, or had been, for over twenty years. He hadn't designed this gun but whoever did had known his business too. Tony's hand fell onto place naturally, and the controls were instinctive.
Two of the men were struggling to shift one of the small crates towards the portal, but were staggering under the impact of the Wasp's stingers.
Steve contemplated counting to ten, but abandoned the idea at two. Years of dealing with James Barnes' particular sense of humour urged him to counter attack instead. "An' you look equally ridiculous. Get 'em off, Stark."
"I cannot prevent her," Hunter said. "She is Wakandan, of the Panther Tribe, and its Chiefs. The magics of the Panther God that conceal and protect Wakanda will not affect her."
"I don't know," Tony replied. "I'm not sure I know you anymore. What I do know is that your loyalties are now divided between SI and SHIELD. Apparently, I'm left out in the cold."
"Tony, you haven't slept for nearly three days and during that time you've been pitched down into a cave, possibly concussed, and assaulted by the Hulk. I let it go earlier, but right now you have a choice of walking to your bed or being thrown over my shoulder and carried there. Which will hurt, believe me."
Steve gave himself up totally to the kiss, to the taste of Tony's mouth, the press of his lips and tongue, the scratch of his beard, the hard scrape of the edges of the Iron Man helmet...
"Yes. In most humans when the body dies, the mind dies too, and the soul energy shatters and is returned to the fabric of the universe. There is no consciousness there, but the fragments carry faint memories and are drawn to minds with aspects that match their own structure. An infant human collects soul energy in its first year. Others, particularly those that carry magic, have souls that hold together even after death." She was still staring at Steve. "Your mind is mainly human," she told him
"Then he's no use to us," Tony said, using a panga to cut away a warrior's weapon belt and split it into two thin strips with which he could bind its owner. This alloy really was amazing.
"You need to keep the beard for the evil overlord look. Otherwise people will start trusting you and then where will we be?"
"Perhaps that's for the best," Steve suggested. "As it stands, it's going to revolutionise logistics."
At first glance it was like something out of a Rider Haggard novel: the last of the sunlight fell between the clouds to gild the skin of Wakandan warriors, both men and women, gleaming on gold and on their naked shoulders. An array of spearheads glittered, now raised and shaken as the whole crowd shouted in protest or greeting.
Tony had raised the Iron Man faceplate and was examining Steve with anxious brown eyes. "Everyone's fine, if still asleep. Not that there were many originally. It's the off-season, remember. Only three suites were occupied, excluding us. A dozen staff. Between me and the fire-fighters – mainly me – they're all out and safe. And the sprinklers dealt with the fire, though you can't stop fire-fighters letting loose with the hoses, particularly when they've got such a ready water source. It's pretty much out though the top floor's a mess, mainly from the water. The bill for this one is gonna be a doozy."
Then there was James Rhodes – Tony had not only allowed him to keep the stolen armour but upgraded and tailored it for him. Rhodes had plainly wanted to be a superhero, and Tony had indulged him. Even now he had not demanded its return.
It seemed increasingly likely that Tony was mad at him for some reason, though Steve had been sure that he had gotten over his annoyance at being sedated and put to bed back in Oklahoma.
"I was... I dunno... relieved. Profoundly. Shocked, too. I'm kinda used to dealing on my own. With Steve. Yeah. It was, y'know, Steve. He's my—"
The armour wasn't built for running, and Steve had to leap aside as Iron Man came close to mowing him down, only the use of the repulsors bringing him to a stop. He had to bite his tongue to forebear commenting.
It was now Howard's turn to shake his head. "Tony's had too much experience of people he admired turning out to have feet of clay to let that happen again. He isn't in need of a role model, Steve, just friends. And he is loyal and protective of his friends. So am I. Eat, Steve. Watch some silly TV, and then go to bed. It may look very different in the morning." He patted Steve's shoulders, then reached past him to turn off the laptop.
Bruce didn't even bother to answer that; they'd had this conversation too many times already. He said, instead, "So we know they're still experimenting, probably on the Abomination and who knows what else."
"Call the armour," Tony ordered as, ignoring the Energy Secretary, the Head of Roxxon Oil and the Miner's Union Secretary, all of whom were trying to stop and question him, he ploughed his way out of the door.
"But can we trust any of them?" Tony shot back. "We certainly can't trust anyone allied with SHIELD."
Steve's eyes were a little unfocused as he frowned into the distance, staring at the wall. "She said, 'War Machine was spotted over the coast twenty miles from here four days ago.' Five days now," Steve added. "She didn't say who spotted War Machine or how she knew about it."
"Their leviathan exploded," Fury said laconically, looking from Steve to Tony as if daring either of them to comment.
"You've been talking to Jarvis," Tony accused, keeping his own voice to a whisper in respect for what appeared to be Thor's hammer trapped in his head and trying to get out.
"You have a better suggestion?" Jan asked, from where she was kneeling beside Hank, cradling his head in her hands.
"Are you going to stick with the White Fang thing? Or go down a few pay grades? That Hatut Zeraze armour looks good."
Someone said something urgently in a language Tony did not understand or recognise, though it sounded a little like Swahili.
could tear your head off. Though he'd probably just punch you out." He didn't know why he was fighting so hard to keep Steve's death a secret. Maybe because if he didn't say it, it wouldn't be real. And there was still that chance, calculated at between point three and point eight five per cent that Thor had been able to save him, that he was still alive in Asgard.
And then there was Tony. What had happened to his soul when he had died in the future? Suppose the Soul Stone had...
Steve was now sitting up in bed, his arms round the tent made by his raised knees. "So that was how they knew where you were. And that car is – was – identifiable if they knew you had one."
Tony hesitated, though Steve suspected it was only to phrase the reply so that he would understand it. "I left myself a way into the helicarrier's computers."
Tony brought his hands down, angling the repulsors not just to repel the blades but to change their flight path. Behind him, he knew without watching the HUD display that Steve had done the same with his shield.
Steve tossed aside the pad and his concerns at the same moment. Damning the consequences, he almost leaped into Tony's arms.
Thor stood on the air, buoyed up by winds rising from below, his long blond hair rising like a halo about his head, his red cloak flying level with his shoulders, Mjolnir held aloft.
Jarvis, however, had no compunctions at all – and he really must think about building some into his protocols – about interrupting him.
"The disguise is a disguise, not an invitation, Stark. What was SHIELD doing out there? If it hadn't been for the Hulk—"
The walls on either side of the gate were ten feet high; a physical barrier that Tony had told him was more for show than an attempt to stop a determined attack. With a quick order to Jarvis to shut off the invisible force shields – which were really meant to stop such an attack – for five seconds, Steve vaulted the wall, and landed, running, on the other side.
Tony groaned. He was both sticky with sweat and shivering with cold. His stomach ached and his lower gut was also protesting.
The long boots slid onto his legs as if made specifically for them. "You're avoiding the issue. Why am I running – not that I could run even if Loki himself was chasing me? Should I be scared of what Odin may do to me – or Thor?"
For the Hulk had stamped, and the expensive granite that had only been repaired a couple of months before split and splintered under the impact. Whether or not it was the Hulk, there was something large, heavy and strong out there.
"They have security cameras in a cemetery?" Steve was horrified. "Surely we haven't been reduced to grave robbery in this century?"
Steve put his head in his hands and groaned theatrically. "Playboy, did you say? Most eligible bachelor?"
"You can still go east," Jan said. "You probably won't be there in time to help, but I suspect – no, I know - Tony will be... delighted... if you're there when he comes ashore. Call Potts. She'll make sure you have a flight back to New York."
The 'cabin' was actually a substantial house, roofed in shingles of local timber that would hide most of it from the air. A long transparent deck on granite stilts strode out into the calm waters of the lake, tempting Steve to just sit at its end with water and trees surrounding him.
He didn't remember running or flying, but somehow he was kneeling at Steve's side, with the Iron Man's faceplate opened and his gauntlets lying on the floor beside him.
Danvers was still looking around wildly, then her shoulders hunched as she glared at Steve. "You want my serial number too? Yeah, I'm Danvers. Who was that? Who the fuck are you? And where's Stark?"
"Well, that doesn't seem to matter to you," he retorted, "though my Dad was your friend. Supposedly. And you're damn lucky Director Carter never suspected that Hydra had infiltrated SHIELD because at that point they would have sent him to take her down, the way they sent him to take you down. For that matter, the Winter Soldier came close to killing Fury, Natasha and you."
Suddenly, he knew. "Were you jerking off? Thinking about me?" He moved a hand to Steve's chin – newly shaved, he noticed absently – and turned the other man to face him. The blue eyes met Tony's definatly. "You were. I mean, you were thinking about me. God, Steve, that is so hot. You should have woken me up. At the very least, I could have watched. Jarvis, did you record—?"
"I assumed that from the burgers," Steve said. "We have beer, wine and soda, as well as sparkling water, by the way."
Had Captain America really just accused Fury and SHIELD of supplying alien tech – though, of course, they didn't know it was alien tech – to the USAF?
All three turned to look at Tony. It was Hunter who finally spoke: "My brother pleads for your life, Stark, on the basis that you not taken anything that belongs to Wakanda. But you came here for vibranium."
The house was cool and dim, built round a central court filled with white tiles, plants and flowing water. As he watched the old man filling three beakers with liquid from a faucet with a spout fashioned in a crocodile's head, Tony wondered idly how they raised the water, whether it was recycled, if the drainage system went through the pillars on which the house stood, or if there was a central services core that he hadn't noticed on his way inside. The first beaker was offered to T'Challa, who took it with a murmur of thanks, then the others to Steve and Tony, before the old man bowed again to T'Challa and backed from the room.
"I thought that must be who you meant. She's Lieutenant-General Thaddeus Ross's daughter." There was a warning in Natasha's voice.
Steve took a deep breath, seeing his way clear as Tony was hustled forward towards the bench – altar? He glanced sideways, to the shadow that was Okoye, his expression holding a desperate plea. He saw her eyes blink, once.
"Exactly. But the Norn stones merely pose a threat to the Nine Worlds, including both Asgard and Midgard."
"Nothing would give me greater pleasure," he said. Then, because he couldn't resist it: "Can I tell him that if the helicarrier enters your airspace you will shoot it down?"
In the quiet after the emotional storm, they lay naked on Tony's bed, exhausted but unwilling to sleep in case the other man might vanish and this turn out to be a dream.
"We saw the Infinity Gauntlet," she pointed out. "It had melted and the Stones were gone. Thanos mocked us, told us we could never restore half the universe because the Stones no longer existed."
Suddenly, all was quiet, save for the occasional pseudo-camera noise of the odd cell or tablet. Even the traffic was quiet, engines stalled or turned off. The police sirens were still at the very edge of hearing deadened by noise of the shot.
The warrior's eyes shifted away from Tony's. "To make sure... to make sure Prince Thor is not hurt or captured."
Then the man put down the mug and looked directly at him. It was not until one of the heavy eyebrows went up in a characteristic gesture that he recognised him.
The walkway led to a real verandah and a door into the main building. Steve opened it a crack and peered inside. Beyond was a small, empty room. Steve kept his left hand on Tony's arm, with his right resting on the butt of the holstered gun as he stepped through.
Not for the first time, Steve tapped the edge of the device on his wrist, the controller that Tony had conjured from equations and theories and made time travel possible almost overnight. He watched as heavy green-tinged fingers pushed the switches.
"Never mind that. His Majesty wants to see you. He's been in council with his advisors, and you have—" Hank checked his watch "—fifteen minutes to get showered and changed into these ceremonial robes." He hefted up a bundle of crimson cloth.
In the rear seat, his ridiculous helmet disguised by the darkened windows, Hank Pym was attempting to interrogate the local ant population. Jan sat beside Steve, alternately navigating – because they didn't dare use a SatNav that might lead someone back to the hidden valley and the labs – and surfing the local radio stations for clues to the Hulk's whereabouts.
"We think Colonel North is down," the woman replied. "Apparently Iron Man is loose somewhere in Wakanda, and we've just had to deal with a Hulk incursion. This is now the only working quantum-bridge we have here. My orders are to snag as much vibranium as we can, hide the quantum-bridge generator and evacuate. We'll be back, never fear. Now, do we have any vibranium at all?"
Howard put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed. "Yeah. I know. Welcome to the twenty-first century, Steve."
"You see, we couldn't figure out how anyone knew we were there, until I remembered you'd had to tell someone their booking had been cancelled."
"Sir," Jarvis interrupted, "there is a concentrated and highly sophisticated attempt to access SI's and your personal computers in progress."
He woke instantaneously, all his senses alert, aware that the room was empty – he could not hear any breathing – but that he was warm and comfortable, naked between soft sheets.
"Then we'll unofficially kidnap him," Steve said. "What Colonel MacTavish doesn't know won't hurt him. Let's get him onto the plane."
"Well, this new Captain America... I just don't see how Phil could have stood for the name and uniform being reused."
Of course, if he'd had his StarkPhone he could have pinpointed their exact location, but what little electronic equipment they had had with them had been – very politely – confiscated before they boarded the plane.
"That seemed logical. I tested it on a small piece of Chitauri machinery. The result was spectacular. I'm going to take better precautions when I test it on a tissue sample, but I'm willing to bet the results will be the same."
Colonel Rhodes – or War Machine, if you insist on pretending you don't care about the man rather than your tech?"
Even as they spun out of control, Steve was thinking about the effect on Tony's severely bruised ribs and winced in sympathy, and not just because the Iron Man's grip on his arms was tight enough to be painful. For which he was grateful...
Steve was unmoving, half hidden under the live oak. Tony could only hope he would be okay. Meanwhile, his more immediate problem remained: War Machine, which had landed beside the remains of the Ferrari, no doubt to make sure that its occupants were dead.
"Which does not answer my question. As to yours, yes, we have something, but it will cost you physically."
"White Wolf, then." It wasn't a question. "And with T'Challa and Tony presumably captured, I'll bet everything I've got that they're being taken there too."
"All the people involved in creating the... process that gave me these so-called powers are dead," Steve said. "Have been for a while."
Steve made a noise that was meant to be a chuckle, but came out more like a sob. "I'm so incompetent at this. So scared of losing you because of it."
He came to rest against more metal. Pain lanced into his shoulder, as if something was trying to claw its way up his convulsing body. Dimly, he heard Tony's alarmed voice, but it was lost in pain as unconsciousness claimed him in truth.
Hiding his fond smile, Steve followed, bringing up the rear as T'Challa led the way into the rain forest.
"The Winter Soldier had killed too many high profile people. Everyone wanted revenge. Including you. After all, he killed your parents," Steve retorted, and the confirmation of that – of what Natasha had told him – ripped into Tony, fuelling his anger.
"Tony," he said reluctantly. "If you aren't trying to seduce me, I think you'd better back off a tad."
"If that's what you want, I'm good," Steve said, though every word cost him. "It needn't change anything else."
Julia stuck her tongue out at her mother, grinned at Tony, and made her exit, though Tony was pretty sure her ear would be pressed against the door within moments.
Their vehicle shot out of the trees into clear air, and swerved once, picking up straight-line speed. At the controls, the man in black was chanting, the words urgent but unintelligible.
"The only thing I'm accusing you of is telling SHIELD too damn much. What about my tech? What have you handed over?"
"Why?" Steve asked as, without asking or being asked, Hogun began helping him with the unfamiliar clothing. "What do you think he'll do?"
"Indeed they do." The voice was commanding and the gawkers scattered at once, some heading back through the big doors, past the bald-headed man in what would have been a wheelchair, if it had wheels, and others round the side the building at a dead run.
"Things have gotten complicated," Tony said. "I need you to stand back from this, Rhodey. It might compromise your career."
The Black Widow nodded slowly, as if she was working her way to an understanding of the situation. "Congratulations," she said. "I'll be happy to eat your cake and drink your Champagne." She flicked a finger at Hawkeye and headed for the door.
Black-clad agents were massing around a large crane, which had been moved to the edge of the carrier deck, and were readying a boat for launch, but Fury was easily identifiable, standing back watching critically as Hill bossed the proceedings.
Beyond the bedroom was a long hall, panelled in wood and lit by pools of soft light from table lamps but also containing deep shadows. The effect was almost gothic, as if it had been there for many years.
"She's acting on Dad's instruction," Tony replied. "Among other things, Fury's trying to get us to pay for building another helicarrier."
"Still somewhere in Wakanda, probably. It's a round room about fifteen feet across. I can't touch the ceiling or find a door. Or any furniture. "
"That does not take effort," Natasha replied, without missing a beat. "We've been working undercover to pinpoint who was after you and Cap, which is not an easy job. You – the Avengers, but especially you – are not popular in the capital, Tony, with either the Executive or Congress."
He tore the mask from his face, freed his left arm, reached for the catch on the band and wrenched it apart, then drove his fists and feet up into the shadow surrounding him. It cracked and shattered, and there was blinding light. He didn't let it slow him down, bounced to his feet and somersaulted sideways, pain tearing into muscle as something else pulled free. He landed in a crouch on a metal floor, cold beneath his bare feet.
"Steve, darling, every time you look at him your face lights up, and when you lose his attention you have to get it right back. And Tony has it just as bad. And has for longer. Back in Oklahoma, when you said he didn't flirt with you – though I noticed he couldn't stop himself occasionally – I knew he must be worried that either you would take it seriously, or that Pepper would."
"It was never meant to go that far," Pepper protested. "Phil asked me to help before I'd heard of Iron Man, before we were lovers, before you were found, before the Avengers."
"Oooh, now the Pentagon is fair game. They try to hack me, I do hack them," Tony said. "I have my own list of our problems there. Jarvis will need to compare your list of people working against us with mine. I need to be sure who is pulling government strings before I aim the pair of you at them."
Indeed, the Wakandans looked nervous, and after a moment's dithering, one of them stepped forward, levelling his spear at T'Challa's throat. Tony did not understand the question he asked, but he could hear the challenge in it.
T'Challa's mouth twisted. "It's a decision I have to make as the ruler of Wakanda and not as the brother of Shuri," he said. "And, thank you, Black Widow, but I cannot place Wakanda in SHIELD's debt so soon after their incursions."
Finally, Tony flexed his shoulders, rubbed his eyes with his fists and asked, "Anyone I've forgotten, Jarvis?"
"Rhodey!" Tony did not know at this moment whether to be delighted or horrified that his best friend was standing in the centre of the cabin's living area, coffee dripping from the lip of the mug which he was holding in his hand. Lori, who was sitting on the sofa, reached out a hand and delicately pushed the mug upright with one finger.
So was the fact that Steve had been asleep beside him for a while. Yesterday must have exhausted him more than he would admit. He wasn't healing half as quickly as he pretended.
But leaving Tony behind hurt. Tony was his only friend in the world... no, that wasn't fair to Howard. Howard had been just as kind, and even more understanding, despite being justifiably uneasy about taking on SHIELD.
"Deputy Director Hill arrived with Ms Potts, sir," Jarvis intoned. "Did you wish me to deny them both entry?"
here and I must report that your – it was you, Wolfy, wasn't it? – hospitality wasn't what your envoys promised."
"I don't understand," Steve replied. "You're a magician? And a physician? And what is the Allspeak?"
Until they'd learned trust and respect in the wrecked innards of a helicarrier engine, and then sympathy in shared grief for a friend. In that latter intimacy, he had become 'Tony' to Cap...
The next morning it became clear, very quickly, that, wherever they were going, Tony intended that no one could track them there.
"Then your agents aren't being held prisoner? And your helicarrier can't be shot down if it enters Wakandan airspace? Except that they are and it will."
During their early days in the cabin Steve had discovered he loved watching Tony work. More importantly, he knew that once his friend was engaged in research or design, or had a problem to solve, everything else would be pushed into the background. Right now seemed a good time to encourage him to pick up his tablet again.
"Yes, Ma," Steve says sarcastically, but immediately confirms Tony's suspicions when his jaw then cracks on a yawn.  Tony lowers her head and snuggles into him.
Tony's jaw drops. "Really?" she says gleefully, shuffling around on the bed to get a better look at her glowering counterpart. "You couldn't crack them?  You couldn't crack them?  God, I am a fucking genius, I am so smart I can even beat--"
"He's probably got something of Pepper's laying around," Tony clarifies, and knows she's correctly interpreted the look on his face when his expression clears and he looks slightly embarrassed.  "Steve,
"Jesus Christ," Steve chokes out on a strangled moan, fingers spasming against her scalp.  She nuzzles her nose against his pubic hair and hums contentedly, closing her eyes to just enjoy the feeling of him pressing on her tongue, in her throat, stretching her lips wide around his thick base.  It's delicious, the feeling of heaviness and fullness in her mouth and throat, the way she can feel his pulse racing and his hands twitching.
"No idea, but he's ruined my nightcap. You better have a damn good reason for disturbing the sanctity of my roof, pal," Man-Tony snaps, on his feet and scowling at the man despite their several-inch height difference.
"I had nothing to lose. I mean, he already hates me," she points out, rubbing her temples slowly. "Worst case scenario, nothing changes. He won't kick us out; that would go against his sense of duty."
Tony had trouble getting to this point, at first--she couldn't hold out.  The second, fourth, fifth times they'd fucked she'd had to look away, shy and uneasy under the new intensity of emotion she saw and unsettled by how much she felt in return.  Now, she still feels overwhelmed, but in a strange and sudden epiphany she realized at some point that all she ever needed to do was accept the feeling.
"You," Tony says, with an extreme sense of vindication possessed only by someone whose has just had their drink thrown off a roof, "are a
"...So I'd gathered," Doctor Strange replies, his smile pleasant but subdued.  An aura of mystery surrounds him.
"I'm hopping in the shower," she declares again, speaking loudly to cover her sudden nervousness. "You're welcome to join me, obviously; it's more than big enough for two people."  Then she hurries inside, like a coward, and shuts the door to the bathroom.
I figured I've been slaving over this for long enough, haha.  The last third hasn't been proofread, but I just needed to get it done and published; I'll go back and agonize over it later.  For now, I hope you enjoy <3
"Wait--so," Man-Tony begins suspiciously from across the room, "Hang on. What I'm getting from this is that you
" he complains as he crosses the room to join them, rolling his eyes as if having someone make you a sandwich is the most annoying thing in the entire world. "Have it your way."
Bruce, ever the voice of sanity and reason among them, removes his glasses in the curious silence that follows and offers to the general assemblage, "So what now?"
"Whoa, jeez. Did you piss someone off, or something?" he asks as she approaches, probably still fuming visibly.
Steve, who is a quick study in sex as in everything else, begins relentlessly hammering against that spot.  It's a good thing Tony already wasn't doing any work, because after a few strokes of that she very quickly becomes utterly useless, melting back against Steve's chest as her strength gives out under the onslaught, waves of rising pleasure crashing through her body and mind as he slams against that deep place inside her over and over and over again.  Her mouth falls open, eyes falling closed as the overwhelming tide of sensations overcomes her.
"Tell them we'll be right out, JARVIS," Steve says, draping their used towels back over the towel bars.  She takes a moment to admire his ass as he reaches for his clothes, which he's left in a neatly folded pile on the counter, and begins pulling them on.  Watching him, Tony suddenly realizes something.
"Enjoy your sandwich," he says, smiling neutrally.  Tony ignores the weird flip her stomach gives when he says it.
"Apparently not," Steve says quietly, and Tony feels his gentle fingers brush over hers in the crook of his elbow. The touch makes her feel a little better, but it doesn't fully erase the heavy ball of disappointment that sits low in her stomach.
Carefully and gently, so as not to make any noise, Tony sets down the decanter and glasses she carried down from the bar. She looks at her counterpart for a moment, then shakes her head, huffing with a weary sense of empathy.
"Please what, Tony," Steve asks her calmly, his voice dark, thick, and rich, like molasses.  Tony twists in his grip, letting out a little cry of frustration as he fails to give any further.
Even now, every time Steve turns over the contents of the sentence itself in his mind (though calling such a frantic run-on a "sentence" might be a little generous), he finds something else interesting.  He was ruminating on his words a few weeks after waking up while he released all his pent-up tension on a punching bag in the local gym, when for the first time it hit him how lucky he was.  Most people's first words aren't so long, nor are they so easy to identify--Steve's known plenty of people who had marks that said things like, "It's a pleasure to meet you," or "Sorry; pardon me."  Steve, on the other hand, is lucky enough he'll absolutely
She finally gets close enough she can drop awkwardly to her knees, shuffling closer and ignoring the broken glass that cuts into her jeans as she whispers, "Steve, Steve, baby, are you okay, are you conscious?  God, please
"Lead the way," Steve offers, glancing at her counterpart with a long-suffering air.  Tony huffs, but follows along behind them anyway when they head out of the guest suite, shaking her head internally.
"Nice try," Natasha says behind her.  Tony grumbles, but she gets to work, bending over the table and prying off the helmet, which is harder than usual with the damage to the suit.  Once she's got it, she stuffs it over her head and waits patiently as the auxiliary power comes online, slow and sluggish.
get a say in this?" Steve asks her mildly, faint amusement in his eyes as he watches this entire exchange.
Fortunately, Steve just glances up at her before one of the hands on her hips moves to brush through the top of the thin patch of curls, and she shivers.
"I believe the chicken in question is, indeed, current," JARVIS offers drily above them, right as Steve makes an affirmative noise and pulls a Tupperware container from the fridge's upper shelves.
The man's cape, much like Thor's, flaps majestically in the wind. He seems bemusedly confused, looking from one of them to the other with clear puzzlement on his face.
The feeling was still new then, but it still helped Steve pick himself up off the floor.  Once the initial tide of emotion had settled, he splashed some cold water over his face before heading over to the small desk in the other room.  There, Steve sat down, picked up a pencil, and wrote his words out on paper for the first time.
She's frowning thoughtfully to herself by the time Steve nuzzles restlessly against her shoulder.  Tony lets her hand drop as he lifts his head, and turns carefully in his lap, ignoring the pang of loss she feels as he slides out of her.
to get stuck with skinny, asthmatic little Steve Rogers?  At the time, he figured there wasn't much he could do for any dame, or any
"Drink your Gatorade, Tony," Steve says instead, patently ignoring her poorly executed innuendo.  Tony rolls her eyes, but does as he says, sipping slowly at her second bottle even though she's no longer thirsty.  She soothes her undamaged ego by reminding herself that it doesn't actually matter at this point how he responds to her cheap shots at seduction: Steve's a sure thing.
97? His soulmate's gonna be on their fucking deathbed by the time he gets in touch with them, and Logan himself is gonna have to wait decades before anything happens. He stalks around, fucks around in wars while Victor mocks him relentlessly (the jackass), and tells himself he doesn't care how his soulmate's growing up--he's not gonna meet them for years to come, anyway. His words are a damn timer, counting down to what everyone says oughta be the most beautiful moment of his life.
"Looks a lot like what I have back at my place," she says with interest, peering into the body of the machine and watching, fascinated, as it whirs and hums, the light within the compartment shimmering and moving over the fabric. "Is it in scanning phase?"
In the gym, three weeks into the future and the rest of his post-war life, Steve huffed a chuckle to the empty room as he wiped the sweat off his brow.  He couldn't
Tony's eyebrows jump up into her hairline. That sort of good-humored, even eager response is so incongruous with the imposing, grandiose way the man looks, Tony can't help but feel surprised. With his severe, well-groomed features, his ornate archaic clothing, and his austere, mysteriously fluttering cape, Tony would
There's a strange, almost awkward silence for a moment while they all consider each other.  Bruce is the one who finally breaks it.
The piece of tech Man-Tony's standing with is already started up; Steve's suit is underneath a glass shield in a compartment that's glowing with blue light. Steve stands back, looking mildly interested, but as always he isn't too interested in the inner workings of the thing so much as the job it does. Tony, meanwhile, is very interested in the workings and has no concept of personal space, so she sidles in close to her counterpart to get a good look at the thing.
"Of course," Bruce says simply with a glance at Natasha, who's just.  Watching them, speculatively.  Tony stares steadily back until, finally, Nat turns away.
Now, the things Steve knows about Tony Stark start rolling through his head like a film reel as she, along with Natasha, comes screaming down from the skies in her flashy, red and gold suit of futuristic armor.  She rides in, guns blaring, and cuts in between Steve and Loki.  He uses the time she gives him with her loud, distracting entrance to catch his breath, rolling up into a crouch as soon as the muscles in his wounded leg stop protesting enough to make it viable.  By the time Steve's got his feet under him again, the all-over ache in his body is already beginning to fade.  He's ready to go.
"This is some weird, Thor-level shit right here," Clint declares, lounging on his railing.  Tony completely agrees.
Tony's torn between laughter and justified, shrieking anger when he leans in to rub his beard all over her face and neck like a giant cat.
Steve, who's been working rather hard not to laugh at the picture she paints, staring at him worriedly in her advanced, bullet-proof suit of highly weaponized armor, decides it's past time to put her out of her misery.  He puts his free hand on hers, and chooses his next words carefully. "Please do shut up, Miss Stark," he says to her gently, unable to keep some part of his amusement from showing on his face.
"So," Man-Tony cuts in, snipping that ominous thread of worry before it can really begin, "what's the deal, big guy?"
unheard of: everyone knew someone with a mother's brother's hairdresser's second cousin who didn't have a soulmate.  The second they found out you didn't have words, it always came out--every street corner, every paper stand, every pizza shop.  It followed him everywhere.  Then, of course, there were the urban legends, the fairy tale villains, and all kinds of religious discussions surrounding older folks with blank skin.  In the old days, Steve tried not to let the prejudice get to him.  Matter of fact, most people weren't even born with words, anyway--in the 40s, age differences made the blank-to-written ratio for newborns about a sixty-forty split.  It made it easier.
Tony huffs a laugh, grinning down at her soulmate; he smiles as he finishes drying off her other calf, then rises to his feet.
"JARVIS, give the man a gold star," Tony says absently as she examines the grain of the granite. It's nice, clearly something high-brow and imported--a little bit darker than what Tony has in the kitchen at home.
"It means I don't do well with saying 'no,'" Tony says, picking a robe out of the closet at random.  It's white and fluffy, and will work perfectly well; the sleeves are a little long, however, and Tony turns to Steve, holding out a hand wordlessly.
"Nice try, Rosie the Riveter," he quips, quirking an eyebrow.  He exchanges a look with Natasha before shaking his head and stalking out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Steve asks as they head out into the bedroom, a frown creeping over his features.
Thor seems pensive.  "I have thought much on this, but I cannot say for certain," he admits.  He quiets, then, and something sad blooms in his face.
"Well, Toto," she mutters wearily before flopping back down on the bed, wishing she could put her head in her hands, "it looks like I'm not in Kansas anymore."
Tony is just lucid enough to see the stranger make some kind of weird motion with his hands, and suddenly Tony can breathe again. She takes a deep, gasping breath and sits up, grasping her head with both hands and trying very hard not to vomit from the whiplash.
Steve looks over as they enter the room and smiles up at her tiredly from the clean white bed. "Hey," he says, then glances at her cuffed wrists and immediately frowns.
. She twists, trying to catch a glimpse of him over her shoulder.  Then her eyes meet his, and what she sees in his face in that moment makes her feel as though time has crawled to a halt.
You and I are both perfectly acceptable human beings, once we stop letting our own feelings of inadequacy influence our decisions."
on temper tantrums. If you thought I would flee in shame after one piddling insult, you were sadly mistaken," she spits, shoving her finger into his chest. He opens his mouth to say something, and she steamrolls right over him. "No, I'm not finished. I did you the favor of listening to your little speech without telling you it was a crock of shit; you can damn well do the same for me. How Pepper copes with your inferiority complex is beyond me, because even
"Reactor's not poking you, is it?" Tony mumbles into Steve's collarbone, slipping one arm up around his neck so she can feel his soft, clean hair against her skin.  Steve chuffs and shifts so that his cheek is pressing against the top of her head, probably getting dust all in his face.
Antonia "Tony" Stark goes silent.  Her mouth falls open in surprise.  Then--completely heedless of the chaos and violence going on around them, or maybe completely uncaring--her expression shifts from shocked to speculative, and, with no hesitation and with complete shamelessness, she leans back with a glimmer in her eyes and blatantly gives Steve a once-over.
Tony thinks faintly as everything clicks into place. No, of course. Of course; it all makes sense. Of course he hates her.
There are three different tidy, well-appointed guest rooms near the end of the hallway, mostly for friends staying in the Tower, and this is where Tony initially assumes her counterpart is leading them.  Instead, to her surprise, he stops at the first door past his own.
what kind of miseries they must have collectively been through.  Some real, serious shit must have gone down, to fuck everyone up so badly.  Because Tony?  Tony's
Obvious or not, his play seems to have worked, if their teammates' body language is an accurate indicator: Natasha's chin has lifted, Clint's lowered his bow a fraction, and the muscles in Bruce's shoulders have unclenched, relief plainly visible on his face. Tony, for all that she's vulnerable and lacking a suit, would have done the same sort of thing, if she'd landed in this situation at home--she might have gotten there first in
"Pay up, losers."  Two twenty dollar bills are deposited ruefully into his palm, and he fists them with a grin before shoving them into his pocket.
it was a relic that did this," Bruce clarifies carefully, frowning in that way he does when he's chewing through a puzzle that he hasn't quite worked out yet.
"As long as your boner is down my throat now, I literally do not care," Tony declares as she undoes his fly.  Without any ceremony, she tugs him gently through the waistband of his boxer briefs and sucks him down.
Tony groans, and she feels more than hears Steve do the same as he slides slowly in, lingering so they can both enjoy that first delicious push.  Her vision blurs, and Tony's eyes flutter closed as Steve begins to move, slow and steady and
"Fuck me, this is weird," Tony mutters and closes her eyes, wishing she had a stiff drink, or at least the freedom to bring a hand up to her face.  She can feel a headache forming behind her eyes.  Great.
Tony's always had a lady-boner for soaking tubs, but this thing is the soaking tub of fantasies.  It's so big, it almost feels insulting to call it a tub:
"Yours has a much better sense of humor," Man-Tony says as they head back to their work stations. "I must admit I'm jealous."
When Tony Stark, Iron Man, meets Steve's eyes again, all she says, with an air of false casualness, is: "Once this is wrapped up, I'm gonna suck your dick."
"Jeez; warn a gal next time, will you?" Tony complains, peering up at her fiancé with a well-deserved scowl. "I
"If you insist," he says, joining the others in the elevator.  Clint claps him on the arm, which is...strange.
So, for a while there in the thick of World War II, Steve was doing pretty well.  Every day was tough, but it was fulfilling.  His life had meaning.
As she takes more of Steve into her mouth, about three-fourths of the way down his nicely-sized erection (not too big, not too small), she reflects on this benefit and hums as his hands weave their way through the slight curl of her hair.  He chokes a bit, then moans when she draws back to tongue at the head, licking at the slit and enjoying the salty taste she finds there before tightening her lips around his frenulum and sliding back down.  With one hand, she cradles his balls, rolling them gently every so often, and with the other, she keeps him steady while she sucks.  Once she's halfway, she flattens her hand and, drawing in a breath, opens up her throat and slides all the way down to the base.
of you," Clint says seriously, pointing an accusatory finger back into the room.  His eyes sear into them like LASERs. "Or you'll wake up to being waterboarded by Gatorade."
She grinds down against him again, just to feel the friction as he presses against her core before she pulls her mouth from his, tongue darting out to lick her lips.
Natasha just nods.  Steve looks conflicted for a moment, but finally he reaches out and places a hand on her shoulder.
"Yeah, it just initialized. JARVIS and I have to fill in the missing pieces, obviously," Man-Tony says, dragging and highlighting the hologram in front of him into a whole, undamaged model of Steve's suit. He glances at Steve and adds, "Your suit design's a little different than our Cap's, which, well, is to be expected, but it still means legwork."
Steve Rogers has always prided himself on being a level-headed individual.  Through the Depression, training, the War, and everything that came afterwards, Steve has always managed to keep it all well put together, as Bucky might have said.  And he supposes you can't wake up from a 70-year coma and cope even halfway decently unless you're already pretty good at handling anything life throws your way.
something about it. Tony wipes the slime on her hand onto her equally disgusting jeans, and wrinkles her nose.  It's time to figure out the laundry situation in this universe, and, additionally, time to find the bathroom and see what sort of ridiculous shower her man-self has installed in this place.
her, in the bed and out of it.  Sometimes, sex with him feels like a battle of wills; it's heady and intoxicating.
Thanks for sticking with me, folks!  We should be back to a regular schedule now.  Hope you enjoy this chapter!
the damn thing.  He spent several long, frustrating minutes in front of the bathroom mirror, lifting and lowering his left arm and craning his neck awkwardly to try and pick through the messy scrawl now tattooed permanently over his skin (and Steve has no doubt he looked like a real, bonafide idiot during every one of those minutes; if Bucky had been there, he'd've been laughing his ass off), but all of the grief and extra effort his soulmark gave him didn't seem to matter very much once Steve started reading all of it:
She's drawing back, and she's just about to try and get him to face-fuck her when he pulls her off abruptly, leaving a trail of spit down her chin.  She makes a frustrated noise and chases his dick, then glares up at him with a prickle of annoyance.
his breath on her hot like a brand, his skin sliding slick against hers.  He hovers above her like a vision, wet mouth open and panting, eyes hooded (his lashes are so long), staring at her through his halo of sex-tousled hair with an expression so intense, it
" she argues, but then Steve's big warm hand cups the back of her neck, and, as usual, Tony sighs and gives up fondly.  She allows him to pull her in for a long, lingering kiss, his lips soft and warm as his hand scratches through her short-cropped hair.
Logan barks a laugh. "Believe me, when your words showed up in 1917, I was pretty pissed off." He offers Bucky his knuckles, and his soulmate reaches out with his flesh hand like he can't even stop himself, breath hitching as he traces his chicken scratch writing on Logan's body. "Made me think I was gonna wait almost a century just to have you die right after."
Tony looks at Steve, who has that amused twinkle in his eye. She shakes her head and sighs, gesturing vaguely.
Doctor Strange definitely doesn't miss their exchange; when Tony looks back at him, his eyes are flickering between them with an eerie, unsettling sense of perceptiveness Tony usually only sees from Clint. If he's able to parse the subtext, however, he doesn't comment--instead, he shrugs and takes a seat near Natasha and Clint on one of the lounge's leather couches, tilting his head as his cloak settles out across the armrest.
"'M fine," Tony croaks to Steve's sweatpants, and to the room at large. "Happens." Now that she's becoming more confident in her faculties, she begins to roll her face surreptitiously against his clothing, wiping the perspiration away from her skin while simultaneously testing her current limits.
The quizzical furrow in her counterpart's brow smooths out immediately, comprehension clearing his features.
It's almost like all the time away from each other was enough that everyone half-convinced themselves, subconsciously, that this had all been some crazy dream or another.  Steve's other self seems doubly weirded out to be meeting
The concern evaporated later once he got to the gym, and, pulling off his shirt, caught sight of the looping scrawl of his words in the locker room mirror.  He smiled to himself quietly and slung a towel over his shoulder, shaking his head at his own doubts.
Ten minutes later, Tony has finished explaining in slow, careful detail the basics of the soulmate system.
The thing Tony really misses, walking through this version of the tower...is some subtlety. Everything is about 1.5 times larger than it is back home, every appliance and every entryway, and honestly, Tony knows she has an enormous ego, but
"Tony," Steve chides playfully, raising a brow at her before dipping his head back down to tongue right at where his words on her breast say 'shut up'.
"Oh, Steve," Peggy's soothing voice crackled over the line as she sighed, changed by age but somehow still so familiar. "You
"We don't know how much me being female changes things," Man-Tony finishes, staring at her. "Not to mention what the whole soulmate thing could do."
This chapter has not yet been proofread in its entirety, but I'm a lot happier with it than I usually am when I first post a chapter, so I'm posting it anyway.  I will go back and make minor edits later, catch any typos that managed to slip the noose, but this is pretty much its final form.  Also, this chapter contains fucking!  WOO!  Actually, this chapter is mostly fucking, tbh.  Anyway: as always, thanks for reading <3
into the gravel and she's skidding, skull rattling like a tin can, across the hard surface of the roof.
Tony has fallen through a magical portal into a place where no one seems to know who she is.  Ergo, the only logical conclusion is that either the portal wiped her existence from reality, or this is some universe where Tony doesn't exist.
of composure during the brief but somehow painfully long trip down from the roof. The veneer of dignity she's given the team lasts about until they're all filing out into the lounge, and then her counterpart decides it's time to
Tony couldn't really tell you how long she sits there lost in her own thoughts. But regardless of when it happens, she's roused some time later by stirrings from across the table.
It's only after Tony's naked and standing underneath the stream of hot water that she realizes she should've waited for Man-Tony to come back with her things.  She stares at herself in the mirror above the sinks across the room for a long moment, water sluicing through her hair and down her back, and reflects wearily upon her own stupidity.
"Don't gimme that, Steve," Bucky chided him, prying the bottle out of Steve's hand with a frown. "That ain't true and we both know it.  Your soulmate's--"
"Yeah, speaking of that," Man-Tony says, voice gaining some strength, "You are one ruthless, cold-hearted bitch."
, you piece of hairy garbage--I KNEW I should've dropped you off the helicarrier when I had the chance; fucking--
"Does she ever stop talking?" Clint's voice asks conversationally as her eyes adjust to the light, and she hears someone--probably Steve--shush him.
Tony feels vaguely offended.  She glances over at her counterpart, but the withering, muted glower he's serving up the Captain says that this isn't something unusual in their universe.  God, if this is how they talk to each other all the time, Tony's not surprised the relationship is tense.
"For a man's man, Logan, you can be awfully sensitive," Ororo says drily on the jet ride there. Peter snickers. Logan just snarls.
Natasha, without speaking, grasps the sleeve of Bruce's pajamas and begins to tow him towards the exit. The Hulk puts up a token protest, but gives up soon enough and joins the Wonder Twins in the lift with an air of weary resignation.
"It takes more time for some than for others, Steve," she told him the first time he asked, her laundry-chapped hands warm on his small, bony shoulders. "Your soulmate's just...taking a little longer to get here, that's all."
"Good idea," he agrees, eyes meeting hers as he pulls his hand back and scoots up the covers, leaving her to crawl forward on her hands and knees to meet him.
Despite being sweaty, dirty, and bloody, with a couple gaping holes in his uniform, he looks utterly
"In the wall, between the two doors and the towel racks, Miss," JARVIS replies blandly, with undertones of disapproval thick in his voice.  Tony rolls her eyes at his stuffiness and turns back towards the bathroom, holding her pants at arm's length.  Given enough time, Tony thinks they could probably acquire sentience.
The elevator doors open, and Tony feels a chill go down her spine as she realizes that this is the floor where she was being held, earlier.  She passes each door with some trepidation, until Clint opens a door on their left and Tony relaxes when she realizes it's just a normal-looking hospital room.
They both stare down at it for a while, contemplating the mess. Between the giant hole in the chest and the unrelated battle damage, Tony's estimating at least a day's repair work before she's back at full functionality.
The hands pull away, and Tony, who feels like the world is doing somersaults around her person, panics for a moment and reaches out blindly for the ground, surprised when she encounters a familiar-feeling arm, instead.  She grabs onto it desperately all the same, clinging to it gratefully like an anchor in the storm.
"I don't know, Steve; you figure out the rest," Tony decides, folding forward over the countertop with her chin in her hands. "I'm an invalid; I can't be expected to make decisions."
"To be honest, I didn't think I even had a soulmate," Steve admits to her later, after they get back to the (very destroyed, but with lower levels still inhabitable) tower.
Shut up, Barton; you know what I mean," she adds when Clint opens his mouth to inevitably make some stupid joke about Buddhism or hippies or something.
Tony, without reacting, faces forward again and maintains her casual expression despite the growing pit in her stomach, and inwardly wonders exactly what the hell has happened here.
"Relics...usually have a specific use, or purpose," the Doctor elaborates after a moment, his nose wrinkling like he's not used to explaining these things and isn't sure how to put this in terms that mere mortals will understand. "For example, boots that let you walk on air, a pendant you can use to manipulate time... that sort of thing. So, someone could have used a relic to send you to another universe, but off the top of my head, I can't think of one that'd do it." He lifts his hands in a shrug.
seem to have bothered putting his gloves on in whatever scant seconds he had before they all came storming up here, Tony's ninety percent certain those are slippers on his feet. Steve (
When JARVIS replies, "Yes, Miss," Tony's drowsy brain can almost forget they're in a completely different dimension.
"No, it's fine," he says, one hand idly rubbing her back through her tank, which has really seen better days, at this point.  He pauses a moment, then adds, "All I can feel is your breasts."
"That's one word for it," Steve says, shaking his head. He looks back at her, then adds somewhat ruefully, "I guess I can understand your feelings about my double, now. This is incredibly confusing."
Tony quietly inched over a little bit so he could turn his head and study Steve’s face. He was still asleep; his deep, even breathing causing his chest to rise and fall steadily. His tousled blond hair had fallen across his eyes, but otherwise, he looked peaceful… at rest. The moonlight played across the planes of Steve’s face and Tony couldn’t resist tracing a finger across his cheekbones, following its path.
Tony stopped pacing again. “Risk’s too high. Ross isn’t stupid, and he’s monitoring my every move. The only way he’d believe we actually failed to arrest the others will be when we’re down for the count. If they miraculously fall off the radar now, they will cut me off, too. It’d be the end of the Avengers.” Tony’s voice softened and caught on a hitched breath. “Or is that what you want?”
“The real power is inside the cradle,” she ground out, gritting her teeth as Steve pressed in a bit more. “The gem. Its power is uncontainable.”
And Steve had kept himself busy as well, talking to Wanda and Pietro, refusing to think about having lost one of his dearest friends, with no way to get him back any time soon.
“You kinda ruined me for everyone else,” he murmured softly, “that... might become a problem one day but otherwise, no, I don’t regret any of it.”
Barnes had finally settled in and little by little, his attitudes began to change. His suffering didn’t alleviate, but his ability to tolerate it progressed by leaps and bounds. There was a yearning in his eyes that hadn’t been there before—a yearning to know, to take part in the life happening around him.
He moved carefully around the corners, sliding through the shadows at first, his enhanced senses extended as far as they would go. Nothing moved except the wind from the ocean and the odd cloud scutting across the moon.
Peggy wiggled a bit at that, her cheeks flushing. “I didn’t steal it so much as I… took it without letting him know. It’s one of your boy’s.”
Seeing how this was only about their fifth real mission after officially becoming a team, things were looking pretty well coordinated, Tony thought. Steve, as always, was fighting at the front like a good little soldier, with the wonder-twins as back-up. He and Thor kept the skies in check, and Bruce, since he wasn’t jumping around and smashing things, gave clever tips via the comm-line.
In the depths of his mind, he often asked himself what he’d done wrong—why he’d never managed to find a place for himself. Somewhere to belong and someone to come home to. He’d long ago made his peace with the fact that not everyone was made for a steady relationship, and he was apparently part of that group, but he just…
Tony raised a hand to stop Steve. Then, he reached for his knife and put some butter on a slice of toast, taking a huge bite of it. Halfway into chewing, he asked conversationally, “Tell me, do you enjoy working for Hammer?”
He felt himself shake and tremble and watched in absolute horror as he spent himself all over Tony’s expensive clothing.
Because Steve would move to New York sometime soon even if it killed him. He had to be closer to Tony, since driving out here every other weekend was wearing him out. Besides, Bucky was spending more and more of his time with Natasha, and it was getting cramped in his tiny apartment.
“Of course,” Steve repeated softly. He knew he had no choice, none whatsoever. He needed this job—it was all he had.
“Of course not,” Tony replied, earning himself a confused look from Peter. Quickly, he moved to explain himself. “You’re going to be a young man going to school so he can go to a college and get a degree and make a better life for himself. People do it all the time, Peter. Afterwards, you can decide what to do with your life. It doesn’t have to be this. It’d probably be better if you decided to do something else entirely.”
Tony nodded, staring at him. They should probably be up and running by now, and it was stupid—stupid to even think it, but a part of Steve… didn’t want to leave.
to. The only thing I know how to make is the goddamn Thanksgiving dinner menu, and I can’t exactly make him turkey. And I also can’t order pizza all the time either, since that’s not very healthy. And then there’s not just dinner… There’s breakfast and lunch, and I have to make sure Ian eats a healthy breakfast and I don’t—”
“Steve,” another voice called, and Steve felt his eyebrows going up as he saw Vision walking towards them through the white corridor.
want to go in there by yourself so you can try to pull this memory bullshit with Barnes again. Don’t insult my intelligence. But you know what? This isn’t the time, or the place. He’s going to rip you apart, limb from limb, and piss on what’s left over.”
They didn’t spend a lot of time in the Washington Square Park area. While Steve was awed by all those remarkable events that had taken place here—the George Washington monument, the eternal flame in front of the huge grave for all those nameless soldiers, and the park itself—but it was also unbearably hot outside and after half an hour, they were back in the RV.
So he figured action was a better language. It was his turn to show Steve what this thing between them meant to him.
Steve still had no idea how things could’ve gone so wrong in such a short amount of time. Or maybe, he just hadn’t seen it coming. His shoulders felt sore from how tense he was; there was a hollow ache in his chest, and, as the merciful numbness after the bombing began to dissipate, it was replaced by an overwhelming sense of worry.
“I think I know why you did it,” Barnes told him after a moment, and when Tony stared up at him once again, he just shrugged. “You want to protect him, I can get behind that. But Steve never took well to being lied to. You of all people should know that by now. How could you think this was a good idea?”
If he sent the letter away now, that’d be the last thing he’d say to Tony, and hear from him, for a very long time.
How could it? His own world and Mister Stark’s… they couldn’t be farther apart. And once Mister Hammer decided to leave Monte Carlo, Steve would become a vague memory at best. He was a man of no money. No talents. Nothing whatsoever. A boy whose name would perhaps cross Mister Stark’s mind once every ten years. Why should he remember the time they’d spent together?
The note that settled over the room as they took their leave was carefully optimistic at best. And Tony—he had to cling to the good memories. The way Steve’s skin felt under his touch. The way he’d tasted when they’d last kissed. The way he’d looked when he’d first laid eyes on Ian.
For a second, Tony considered keeping his mouth shut, relishing in the fact that they had both miraculously survived this stupid stunt, and yet, he couldn’t help but go for the dig. “Of course, you shouldn’t have come in here in the first place, but I guess even you got that memo, now.”
Also, their latest conversation at the fire had somehow left Steve in a confused state of agitation. It wasn’t about Tony liking both men and women. Admittedly, Steve hadn’t known that about him, but Steve didn’t
A still beat. Iron Man’s eyes settled on Steve. “I don’t care. He killed my mom,” he said and without another word, Tony raised his free hand and shot a repulsor-beam directly at Steve’s chest. It pushed Steve off, but didn’t even smolder his uniform. It was enough power for his grip on Tony to loosen, though, and he heard the whoosh of foot thrusters and didn’t manage to hold him back in time.
“We gotta go,” Tony said, and it might be wishful thinking, but Steve thought some of what he was feeling was reflecting in Tony’s gaze, too.
Tony’s hand slipped from the table, and he felt his heart beating so fast he was sure the man in front of him could hear it.
As soon as Tony opened his mouth to say something, a sudden dart-like contraption came flying out of nowhere, impaling Steve’s headrest about two inches away from his left ear. They both jumped back in shock, then whirled around to see the Winter Soldier standing on the street right in front of them.
They’d booked another motel room for him this night. It was even one of the nicer ones, with clean linen sheets and a radio on the small table next to a reading chair. When Steve walked into the bathroom, holding his toothbrush under the water, his mind kept drifting off. He brushed his teeth, but his thoughts were far away. Only two days ago, he’d thought that maybe he could make a difference. That he, and the many other super soldiers could bring this war to an end, right the many wrongs out there, but now he… didn’t know which way to turn.
“Scandalous,” Tony replied with a laugh. There was a dangerous glint in Steve’s eyes and Tony shot him an equally challenging gaze.
Something was different this time, with the vision, and Steve only took a moment to grasp it. He stared at Tony and pushed himself up as well. His memories had been completely unlocked, and if Tony's gaze was anything to go by, so did Tony's. It was all there, from the moment they'd met, through all their little encounters and Steve's—Stephanus'—concerns.
Tony nodded as well. He turned around, made to leave, then stopped and faced Steve again. “If this is about me—I’m not even going to be around much in the mansion anyway. We wouldn’t have to see each other often.”
Tony sighed, delicately running a hand up Steve’s arms to link behind his neck. He brought their foreheads together, rejoicing in the contact. “I’m not mad at you,” he whispered against Steve’s lips. “Of course I’m not. Occupational hazard, right? I knew the risk going in. We all do. We’re a team, or did you already forget your own words?”
But instead of deterring the conversation further, Tony tried for a smile, and boldly leaned up to press a small kiss on Steve’s lips. “What did you think I was talking about?”
“Oh, Detective. Don’t challenge me,” Tony warned, hands balled into fists after he’d put the bottle of scotch back on the bar counter. “Trust me, you’d be losing.”
Steve clutched at him desperately, head flinging back. “Oh my God.” He hissed and threw his head back when Tony’s teeth came out to play, his grip on his shoulder tightening. “Fuck.”
“We need to stop this guy from freeing the other Winter Soldiers,” he said eventually, coming up empty for now. “That’s our primary mission. Everything else has to be secondary.”
“Things that never happened?” Tony echoed and frowned at Steve. “I don’t… no, I don’t think so. Clint gave Bruce a few examples, and he said it was mostly sequences that had some… ‘emotional value’ to him? But it was all something of his more recent past, so…” It took him a moment before the meaning behind Steve’s words truly sunk in. And with that, his behaviour of the last days was suddenly put in its proper context.
still his lab, isn't it?" he asked, glancing at the door. The writing on it had peeled off ages ago due to exposure to whatever materials it was Bruce was working with.
“There you go, buddy,” Tony cooed and deposited his son in Steve’s waiting arms. “Yep, I think he’s hungry.” With that, he walked over into the living room, heading for the kitchen. He warmed up some milk, only just remembering to check the temperature before walking back into the bedroom.
When he was done, Steve gently shook Tony awake. A part of him would’ve preferred to simply walk out of the door and leave without having this conversation. He’d already told Bucky and Sam about his plans—his wish to have a bit of time for himself, before the three of them made any plans for the nearer future. The city lay in shambles, yes, but now that all missing persons had officially been found either dead or alive, Steve couldn’t be much of help aside from carrying rubble around. And he couldn’t really think about what he wanted to do with his life from here on out, either. Not when he was so very clearly not done processing what had happened in the last few weeks.
Steve looked up the heavens as if in supplication. "I don't know what in... heck... you are talking about. This gets crazier by the minute."
"We did, once we finally got the reports and made the connection; the hangar's empty now. But the locals report a helicopter landing at that field five days after the Avengers took down the Chitauri, and maybe thirty six hours before we arrived. Which was so unusual as to merit their attention. The copter took off again about an hour after that."
"She's not that petty, Jan." But he had to admit that he'd known about Pepper's antipathy to Jan, much as he'd tried to ignore it. It was one of the reasons he'd not mentioned helping Jan and Hank go undercover, but it was something he'd never understood. Jan and Pep had so much in common...
"Good." Well, it was good that they were close and could take over here, but bad, really bad, that they just happened to be close to the Stark Installation. Even worse if they were here because he was...
"Yes. Possibly even back in time to when Doom first arrived. But here's the thing, Tony, Doom or the Doombot wasn't after you or your armour or even Steve, but some sort of magical thing or person—
"It's a helluva comfortable bed. And you don't have to share it. I'm not gonna push. You can have the floor or one of the sofas if you really want to rough it. It's your choice. Really. What do you want to do?"
Margaret Carter's headstone was simple; it showed her name, her birth and death dates, and the simple inscription: "She fought the good fight."
Tony just had time to wonder if it was made of the same material as the spearhead and, if so, where he could get his hands on some, before the man he had downed first began climbing to his feet. A short burst from the gun sent him back to the ground.
"Sure. I've been with Mr Stark quite a while, Captain," Happy replied, deadpan. "Started out carrying aspirin and prophylactics but it kinda grew from there."
Rhodey sounded so angry and so near to desperation, that Tony sobered. Hank, meanwhile, had been silenced by the unfamiliar voice from the speakers, and Bruce and Jan were looking abashed. Jan moved to Hank's side, the carpet of ant splitting into two to let her pass, and began to whisper to him. Tony hoped the room microphones weren't sensitive enough to pick up whatever she was saying.
on the radar, and massed population on the infrared. We suited up, Bruce hulked out, and we went in."
As the jungle gave way to plantations of fruit trees and palms, T'Challa steered the flier even lower, skimming about a foot above the ground between the trees and shrubs. Their glimpses of the plain and lakes below grew longer. But the more Steve looked, the stranger the shapes of some of the islands seemed.
That he didn't trust instinct was the reason that, despite the fact that Gene had done so, apparently without harm, he wasn't going to touch it without the protection of the Iron Man armour.
"Yeah, sure, grows like weeds. Disguising you is a bit more difficult, but change into this uniform, and wear the hat and tinted specs at all times. Lucky your hair's so short now – if you apply this brown eyebrow pencil I stole from Pepper, no one will realise you're blond."
"She's linked to the mask," Tony reminded him. "It had taken over her mind. But a Doombot? Really? I didn't know any of them had survived the Latverian uprising."
Steve was beginning to worry about the way Tony was circling the elephant in the room – and sometimes he did feel elephantine around his mercurial partner. Now he moved behind him and placed a hand on his back, just above his waist, reminding him that he was here, and alive – and hoping to stem the ridiculous flow of words.
"Sure, back down because you could beat the shit out of me. For someone who hates bullies, Steve, you get close to the line of becoming one sometimes. I'm intimately acquainted with your 'dark side'. Now let me go. Promise I'll be back." Unexpectedly, Tony kissed the top of his head, startling Steve into letting him break free.
"Supposedly he's been assigned to run a training squadron out in Nevada, effectively a demotion. The armour's GPS places it there too – oh, I installed that when I tailored the armour for Rhodey, along with some nasty little surprises for anyone who tried to tamper with the repulsors or the reactor. I hope it isn't Velasco. I kinda like him—"
Inwardly, Steve winced. He knew that city and state governments were often corrupt – he'd seen enough in Europe, let alone growing up in 20s and 30s New York – but hearing Tony talk so casually of 'buying' Federal support hurt. He didn't need his faith in government – or in Tony, come to that – undermined any further.
Once they had finished eating, the Panther produced a small flask of what turned out to be some unidentifiable liquor, smooth on the throat and warm in the stomach.
They exchanged identical glances that might mean anything or perhaps they were just electing a spokesperson. If so, Natasha got the unanimous vote.
"I am not taking their side." It was Pepper Potts' voice. "I am trying to avoid a faceoff between Stark Industries and the US government, not to mention you and the Board."
Howard was working late in his office but, as ever, put everything aside to listen to Tony. "This is sample of the original Captain America's DNA," was how Tony opened the conversation, laying the sealed sample on the desk. "According to SHIELD's scientists it's identical to that of the guy who was frozen in the ice."
Tony felt desperately for a pulse in his neck. It was there, strong, but far, far too slow. He gasped in relief, tightening his grip. "Don't you remember why?" he whispered into Steve's hair. "Because, Christ, I do."
Perhaps Steve was the vulnerable one. After all, he wasn't Captain America, and, even if this body was enhanced, he didn't have the training to use it.
It was no use protesting that Jarvis could fly him home even if he was unconscious – Jarvis didn't and couldn't have a pilot's licence.
"About four months ago. We took down a Mexican criminal cartel which had decided to try a little sideline in piracy in Gulf of Mexico. Routine stuff and, despite what Tony says, I was perfectly safe. Cream? Sugar?"
"Most things are possible in the Mirror Dimension," the Ancient One replied with the first hint of a smile that Tony had seen.
The holograph disappeared and, for once, Jarvis refrained from a smart-ass remark. Which was just as well, because right now Tony was mad enough to reprogram his protocols.
"I've no intention of trying to hide our relationship from the team." Tony's mouth twisted slightly. "The press is a different matter.
Tony slid to his feet, winced at the cold of the rock which penetrated right through the cotton and silk mix of his socks, and paused to don his shoes before making his way over to the firebox and taking the stool beside Steve.
"Not Van Dyne, no," Pepper snapped. "Security reports Steve had three women with him, and one of them was certainly Van Dyne. Presumably another one was Danvers. I don't know who the third woman was."
"I've been here before, remember? That summer when Mom had been ill and Howard sent her and my father out here for a vacation."
"We notified the Colonel an' he's supposed to be bringing in a replacement workforce," one of the men offered.
"I'm trying to save the world, fuck it! Even if we get the ARC reactors distributed worldwide in the next three years it may be too late. You know that, Pepper."
She led the way to a broken circle of comfortable looking sofas, with a low glass table at its centre.
"Second," a crisp female voice said from behind them. "You report to SHIELD, Stark, and don't forget it."
Even as it flew in, he heard Jean say, "Illyana, get out of here. Go back to the Professor and— no, go
"They did medical tests on me when I first came round," Steve said slowly, "but nothing... excessive."
A woman was waiting for them in the drive, her smile wide. She was neat and slim, dressed in jeans cut for riding and man's sports shirt.
Behind the falling man, a dozen of the mercenary soldiers, in their green jungle camouflage battledress, rounded the bend in the pathway, their guns already in their hands.
The woman who stepped out in front of him was tall and slender with strawberry-blonde hair in a slightly untidy chignon and a dusting of freckles not at all disguised by her minimal make-up. She was wearing a skirt short enough to make Steve to avert his eyes, though not before he had taken in the shapeliness of her legs or that she was barefoot and so even taller than he had supposed. Unfortunately, raising his eyes meant he saw that her striped cotton blouse was unbuttoned far enough to reveal the top curves of her breasts.
"Hello Tony," Bruce's voice said. "Jan and Hank say, 'Hi' too, and want to know when you and Steve are going to visit again. You ought to see the results of our recent research."
"Not according to his commanding officer. Who is spitting mad about it, though not as mad as Lieutenant Storm, apparently. He’s spent every moment since protesting his orders, with his CO backing him up – he's the one I've gotten all this from. Only about forty-eight hours ago Federal agents arrived and frog-marched Storm onto a plane."
He charged, changing direction as his opponent skipped aside, and, stretching out an arm, grabbed a handful of tunic and hauled him in. They crashed to the floor together.
"Not to me. But you're good at keeping secrets. And I may need a weapons designer to owe me a favour, one of these days. So I'll help you, if I can."
Though he knew the location of the 'Golden City', as T'Challa had called it, that was too large (and possibly still too dangerous) for him to hope to find help there. He would, he calculated, have a better chance at the 'research centre'.
He grabbed for the nearest projection, which happened to on the flight attendants' station and even as he clung on through another series of bumps, a silver coloured pole telescoped up from the floor and some very un-Tony-like bump-and-grind music started up.
The body wore a uniform of some kind. Dark, almost certainly identical to those of his captors and probably distressingly obvious in city crowds. There also seemed to be some sort of utility belt.
"Have you had any contact with him?" Jan asked. "Is he still heading that super-secret project that everyone I know knows about?"
"Don't blame me," Steve said. "Jan made it." He swallowed a mouthful of his own coffee and pronounced, "I've tasted worse. A lot worse, actually."
Besides, he had a suspicion who they were going to meet, a suspicion that was confirmed when they landed at a small airport not far out of Tulsa, changed into nondescript coveralls and picked up a delivery truck  onto which they loaded the crates from Tony's workshop.
The driver, who addressed him in English and by name, had been sent by Okoye to wait for him. Instantly, however, on hearing Tony's rapid explanation of Jan's plight, he put aside whatever message he had for Iron Man, and led him swiftly to the same highly guarded medical centre where Hank was working with Wakandan medics to restore T'Challa's mental capacities.
"Is that any way for the CEO to treat the Chairman, I ask you, Pepper? Particularly as he comes bearing specifications that are going please the board and earn us lots of lucrative contracts and even appease the military."
With a sigh, Tony turned his back to the wall and slid down until he was sitting with his arms clasped around his knees.
"So Ross is in this up to his scrawny neck," Clint said, his holographic image staring straight at Betty as if trying to force a confession of complicity from her.
"The World Security Council isn't pleased – is, in fact, extremely displeased about your annexing Captain America."
"Steve doesn't have his shield," Natasha said. "Will he bothered by the loss of the hammer as well?"
There was an expression on Tony's face that Steve had never seen before, except on Looney Tunes characters hit by falling anvils. Then he pulled himself together. "Okay. I guess we'd better try and find our way out of here – though I'd be wary of anything Dad had marked 'Exit'."
Because if it had they should have let him die. He couldn't face losing everything... everyone... again.
"I intend to take Shuri back to Wakanda, though she will undoubtedly argue for a return to the Sorbonne," T'Challa said quietly. "There are matters I need to take care of in Wakanda but I will come back to New York soon. I think it is time Wakanda made two way contact with the rest of the world. When I return I would like to make the Tower my base, temporarily, until I can purchase an appropriate embassy building."
"I won't trouble you again," Steve said in a dull voice, turning away because he didn't want Tony to know how vulnerable he had become to his angry tongue, but his weakness betrayed him. He stumbled, and the scabbarded sword he was wearing somehow tangled with his legs, pitching him forward to crash to the floor, his head only just missing the flight of white marble steps that led to a ridiculous red concert grand, knocking the breath out of his body.
Wordlessly, Steve opened the top drawer of the bedside table, took out the StarkPad inside, and put it on the bed besides Tony.
Then Jarvis alerted him to what appeared to be a firefight close to the borders. Gleefully passing this intelligence to the small group of warriors who had been accompanying him and signalling them to follow, he sped towards the battle.
"Your will is locked in my briefcase. That is the hard copy of the contract you asked for before you disappeared into wherever it is billionaire superheroes go to get away from it all."
"No, no, before that," Stark interrupted. "Frozen sleep. Remember when you crashed into the ice? The serum kept you alive. For seventy years. You're in the early part of the twenty-first century. That's why the tech is more advanced than you remember it—"
Of course, he wasn't going to be able to sleep right now, and he was determined to be around to mock Steve if... when... he failed to talk the Panther round.
The truck's rear doors flew open and half a dozen black-clad masked gunmen – or possibly gunwomen for who knew nowadays? – barrelled out, but Happy's error had accidentally positioned the limo so they were delayed in getting to the doors. Happy himself was still clinging to the wheel, but Tony thrust the nearest door open, slamming it straight into one gunman's face as he himself twisted below it, sweeping a second gunman's feet from under him.
It took all Tony's willpower to remain unrelenting in the face of that crack in Steve's quintessential stubbornness. "I've spoken to Barton," he said. "You refused to see that, refused to recognise it as a possibility, which is why Zemo is still at large, possibly with the Winter Soldier at his side."
The pain woke Steve. It was deep under his shoulder, burning cold and angry, demanding his attention despite other aches that suggested he had gone several rounds with the Hulk.
It was cold, even for December in New York. From the twenty-foot high windows in his penthouse above the city, it seemed to Tony Stark that the skyscrapers below had been transformed into quartzite pillars, sparkling like fairy lights in the rising sun. Fog lay over the rivers and the streets. A winter wonderland that would be gone within an hour. It was as if he was alone in a transformed world.
"I'm Colonel Danvers, AFOSI," she said, as soon as they were close enough so that she did not have to raise her voice. "I'm here to interview Lieutenant Storm."
In an eyeblink the massive alien-like humanoid was transformed into a tall young man, as tall as Steve himself, but as dark as Steve was fair. He appeared to be Chinese or Japanese to Steve's untrained eye, but was clad in slacks and a black shirt with a dragon motif. Only his tinted glasses set him apart.
"Sir, your heart rate is 171 beats per minute, your blood pressure is 161/104 and your body temperature is ninety nine degrees. You are not fit to operate the Iron Man suit."
He thought he'd already worked out the answer to that, and it worried him. After what had happened to Bruce Banner, to Mallen and to far too many at Project X, you would have thought the government and their allies would have given up trying to create super-soldiers. But now they had a non-protesting means of obtaining the serum. Or had had.
mate?" Tony's knew his scepticism was obvious, but there were limits to how much unscientific mysticism he was going to stand for. "There's no such thing."
Once again dry and respectably clad – well, Tony's T-shirt wasn't really all that respectable, but at least it was clean and dry – they met in the workshop to watch Natasha's message.
"Great. Jan, Betty and I have been working through the files Jarvis has marked as important. Seems as if Ross has been negotiating with SHIELD to buy samples of my blood—"
Carter looked straight at him, with eyes, that Tony suddenly noticed, were within a couple of shades of Steve's own blue. "25th May 1943, according to his birth certificate."
There was what seemed to Steve like too long a pause from the other end, then Pepper said, "Tony, is anything wrong?"
What was even more worrying was that nothing reached the press about Captain America, despite the fact that the police were well aware of the identity of the shield-wielding civilian who had restricted the casualties to single figures, and must have seen Iron Man fly off with him in the direction of Stark Tower.
the original Captain America," and was overjoyed – and envious – when he discovered that Steve had been instructed by Major Sykes himself.
The Ancient One was now watching him with intense curiosity. "Dr Banner told me something I knew could not be true. Yet he plainly believed it. I thought— Was it Strange who told you the Infinity Stones had been destroyed in your future?"
"It's not cold out here even without the damn heaters and if you're going to drink on an empty stomach you can make the Martinis yourself. And you don't get off the hook that easily. What were you doing, Tony?"
He lay awake in the narrow bed, wondering what part Natasha had played in these arrangements. Though Clint was perfectly capable of deciding that his best friend should be offered the chance to seduce the man she was interested in... And that was a reminder that he ought to be just as mad at Bruce, except he was damn sure that Tony was the driving force behind Ultron.
"All the same, as a precaution, evacuate the remaining staff except the building engineers. From them I want a full structural integrity check right now."
"You are not to blame yourself for that break-up," Jan said firmly. "Remember that Tony thought you were dead. And he can be ruthless with what looks like betrayal."
The emotional rush that gave Tony made him want to dance on the spot, punching the air and yelling, "Yes!" What he actually did was smile at Steve and challenge him to, "Say that again when I've been tinkering for seventy-two hours straight in the workshop trying to meet a deadline."
"Yes. Well guarded. We... or rather my mother, and I would not argue with her on this... believes it is not of the Nine Worlds, but will not say what she thinks it is to anyone but my father. All she will tell me is that it could pose a threat to the universe, perhaps to all the universes."
"Not at that time, though eventually it proved impossible to hide such a project from the Hatut Zeraze," the Panther admitted, with a wry twist to his lips. "But I am getting ahead of my tale."
"Contact me if you or Erik – or, for that matter, Dr Foster or anyone on her staff – need transport. Or lab accommodation here."
Bruce looked as if he was going to comment on that, then leaned forward, plainly about to switch off the link. Suddenly, he paused. "Steve, who knew that Tony would be in Seattle yesterday?"
Howard's lips tightened in an obvious attempt to keep his response internal, and it was in that awkward pause that the computer's voice entered the conversation. "Rescue is approaching the armoury."
"I suspect she is too busy trying to retrieve the Norn Stone," Thor said. "She almost certainly believes you dead, and therefore that the secret of her presence on Midgard is safe."
However, instead, it was Clint's face that appeared on the big screen. "Hello, Tony," he said. "Thanks for the assist, pal. This is in part repayment and part self-preservation. Jarvis should have all the details for you in the compressed files but, to summarise: both you and Cap are under attack from our own government.
Bruce flinched, looking everywhere but at Tony. "Not well. I don't think the Other Guy wants me to get rid of him. There's damage..."
This election year, though, she was trending high on social media, while the polls, though inconsistent, called the result close.
It was then that Pepper noticed the glass in his hand. "For God's sake, Tony, it's a quarter before ten. Are you drunk?"
Tony was watching the internal security feeds from the lobby that led to the beach when the two men stepped through the door, which Jarvis immediately closed behind them.
As the jet rose into the yellow and grey of the New York dawn sky, Tony unbuckled his seat belt and leaned over Steve, right into his personal space, and whispered, "Bodyguard, eh?" into his ear.
"Don't be ridiculous," Steve said, looking about him at a cluttered office space lit by nothing more than a bank of monitors. "No one knows we— Jesus!" There were two uniformed men in the room, one lying on the floor, one slumped over a desk beneath a bank of flickering screens.
The sky was a huge swirl of bruised cloud, lit by flickering sky lightning. Waves of hail rattled on the armour and bounced off Steve's head and shoulders. He was taking a battering but made no complaint, focusing instead on scanning the battlefield.
"Then I'll leave it to your silver tongue," Steve had retorted in a mixture of irony and relief. "Though I can think of better uses—" He had been stopped in mid flow by one of those 'better uses' and they hadn't wasted the rest of their time together talking.
dreaming this, deep below the Arctic Ocean. Except he had no memory of dreaming there and Bucky, Peggy, Howard, Dum-Dum... all of his people... would all still be dead. Nor would the Avengers exist.
And now it was Tony – Iron Man – riding the missile into the Tesseract vortex, falling helpless through the sky, lying on the ground, the ARC reactor black and silent, his face still and pale.
"Maybe whatever you saw passed over here," Tony suggested. "Should we get Jarvis to try to locate it?"
Tony snorted. "Pepper would tell you she wasn't anyone's 'girl'. She certainly isn't mine any longer. Nor Stark Industries CEO." He waved his hands wildly, spilling whisky on his worn jeans, the floor and Steve, but not appearing to notice. "In fact, she isn't anything to do with it... me... us. Not anymore."
"Even more so, I suspect, as I have had far more years of command," Thor replied. "Far, far more years than he, or you, have been alive, though I am still young by the standards of my people." He sat down beside Tony. "But old enough to recognise love in all its forms when I encounter it. Until tonight I wondered both whether you were aware of the Captain's feelings and if you returned them. No longer. But you are troubled when you should be happy."
The mechanisms at his feet whined, and the robot arm waved threateningly at him. "Don't worry," Steve said, feeling foolish but oddly happy. "He has family now. We'll take care of him."
For the moment, Rogers chose to ignore that assertion. "And this 'bunch' ?" he demanded. "Are they really US military?"
Not clouds, he realised as they drew closer, but smoke rising from the remains of burnt and shattered buildings, continually renewing the streamers as the wind caught them, the brightness of flame flashing at their base.
"Damn right you're not an agent – or, at least, not a good one. But you were on first name terms with Coulson, who got into both the Malibu house and the Tower with depressing ease – something you had the information and access to Jarvis to facilitate." He shook his head. "I should have known then, when I joked that the security breach was on you. Because it was. Deliberately."
I thought Dad had created a new element, but suppose he had analysed it instead? I really need a good look at Cap's shield.
"I think you are working from insufficient information, sir," Jarvis put in. "The brunette – 'call me Lucky' was it? – is currently attempting to download data from one of the penthouse terminals..."
"I'm trying to be mature and responsible about this," he said, at last, "though neither is really my thing."
It had felt like waking up from the ice. Again. Only this time with someone he knew there to greet him.
Thor's expression was sympathetic. "Or that, given the opportunity, you would extract yourself from the situation. As you did," he said. "He also convinced Bast to dissolve the magic that hides its country, which saved his life and, I suspect, many others. And I must thank you for trusting me on so little hope."
