Castiel's stomach lurched. He didn't want to lie, but he didn't want to burden Dean with the truth of everything that he had done in heaven. Luckily, he remembered that Dean had taught him the art of omission. "The crypt," he managed to choke out.
Dean is looking down at the floor with the guilty expression of a scolded child. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he says. “I just thought, you know, you’ve been around for so long, my whole life has been like a millisecond for you, so I figured it didn’t really matter all that much."
"You're gonna be alright, Cas," he said, though Castiel wasn't sure who exactly he was trying to convince.
“I may not need you to protect me,” Cas continued, “but I appreciate that you want to. It means that you see me as more than just an angel.”
They only made it so long without teetering over the edge into what they are now because of the constant promise of catastrophe that seems to follow them everywhere. There was never time for Dean to let himself really thinkabout Cas beyond the question of his immediate safety. Even when Cas died, there was too much else going on for Dean to get analytical about his grief. He felt it, hard, but in all the chaos of Jack being born and Mary getting kidnapped by Lucifer and Asmodeus running amok, he didn’t stop to think:
Although it wasn’t at all Castiel’s style to purposefully make him feel insecure, to Dean it felt somewhat like a dare to stay in the room. It wasn’t as if he was ashamed of his body – he knew he had plenty of reasons to show it off – but with all the tension between them the prospect of revealing more skin than necessary was admittedly causing him some anxiety.
– for some time now that there was something wrong with him. His software was defective. He was manufactured with faulty wiring. Whatever euphemisms he used, the knowledge was much more catastrophic to him than he let on. An undesirable, but entirely plausible explanation was that he was becoming less of an angel, his grace deteriorating exponentially like some radioactive element. Perhaps his grace was leaking out, unable to remain housed inside a being that had done so much wrong. The idea of being human did not disgust him, and it certainly would have its advantages, but it would not be an ideal outcome. After all, millennia of existing in a particular state of being can make someone rather resistant to change.
If you've been with this fic since I started it back in 2014, wow, thank you. Sorry for making you wait so long and taking so many hiatuses.
I drop the knife into the sink, flinching when it clatters just a little too loud, and sure enough, Dean wanders into the kitchen, squinting in the light. He’s in a t-shirt and boxers, and his hair is sticking up in all different directions. I can’t help smiling.
, vengeful spirit or otherwise, showed up, and just in case Cas couldn’t handle it by himself, as unlikely as that was. Dean scrambled for an excuse. “Yeah, well, maybe I don’t trust you. Maybe you’re gonna fly off and ditch me again.”
Dean looked down at Cas’ hand, surprised by the gesture. It was so casual, like they had been together for years. In a way, maybe they had.
Dean looked at Cas in a way he hadn’t for a long time, like he could see what he really was, beyond the human form he knew so well. There was no fear in Dean’s eyes, just recognition of Castiel’s place in the order of the universe. He gave an almost imperceptible nod.
“Cas, if you’re ready to take things a little… less slow... then I’m all for that. But there are some things I haven’t told you that I need you to know first.”
“Yeah, and what makes you the expert?” Dean’s expression twisted again when he saw the smirk on his brother’s face. “You’re not…”
He’s so damn grateful for this. Sam and Jack are safe (assuming they don’t do anything stupid this weekend).
not ready for that. At most, their casual touches – Cas’ reassuring pat on Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s hand on Cas’ back to let him know he’s passing behind him – linger a tiny bit longer. Sam brazenly stares at them sometimes, as if he’s hoping to gather more evidence. But overall, his reaction has been about as understated as Dean could’ve hoped for.
“I’ve been avoiding the topic for your sake, but I value our relationship and I want to maintain honesty with you… ” He trailed off, looking down at his lap again. When he looked up, Dean was shocked to see tears in his eyes. “And if I’m being honest, I’m scared.”
Cas stepped closer to him and threaded their fingers together lightly. Dean considered reminding him of their agreement about PDA, but Cas’ look of sincerity stopped him. Cas spoke quietly, low enough so only Dean would be able to hear, even though they were completely alone behind the bar. “Protection isn’t all you’re good for, Dean. You are a brave and dedicated protector, but there are other reasons for you to be needed, and loved.”
Cas finally seems to realize what’s happening, and stands up. “I’ll come with you to the store, Dean. It’s important that I know what to get in case this happens again.”
Sam Winchester shuffled uncomfortably in his chair, avoiding eye contact with the angel who was gazing at him intently from across the table. The fluorescent lights in the Men of Letters’ bunker made Sam’s head hurt, but evidently had no effect on Castiel.
Cas gave him a fond look that seemed to be laced with a bit of sympathy as well, as though he thought Dean was being naïve. “My grace has been through a substantial amount of trauma. It has been destroyed and recreated, suffocated by the souls from purgatory and by the Leviathan. And in many ways, I have fallen, although I have retained most of my angelic abilities. It is a wonder my grace is still intact.”
“I’ve always been honored to know you, to be your friend. But I would be lying if I said I never longed for more.” Cas says it with such composure that Dean almost wants to smack him.
“Honestly, sometimes you just have to… do stuff. Go for a run, make something, stuff like that. For you, maybe it would help to go work some miracles. Small ones, though,” he added. “Don’t attract attention.”
Tammy sighed and stared straight ahead, out the windshield. “You guys aren’t cops. Or FBI agents, or whatever. You can’t be.”
They head back inside, and the warmer air prickles and stings Dean’s face where he had started going numb from the cold. He closes the door behind them. “Does this place have central heating?”
"My room," Dean said. "My bed's more comfortable. You might be having nightmares because the couch is so awful." He continued to hold Castiel's hand as he led him down the hall to his bedroom.
Castiel seemed to consider this. “Anxiety is a human response to impending dangerous circumstances,” he said flatly. “But nothing is currently going wrong.”
At the end of a short hallway they find the master bedroom, which shares the same vintage feel as the rest of the house — wood paneling, earthy tones, and a floral bedspread not unlike those Dean is accustomed to seeing in motels. He heads over to the bed and presses his hand into the mattress, hoping for memory foam. No such luck. But the bed seems like it will be reasonably comfortable anyway, and much bigger than his bed at the bunker.
“I will,” Cas said. Sam gave him a questioning look, perhaps due to how quickly he had volunteered. “Maybe there are parts of his mind,” Cas said, “that Dean would rather his brother not see. No offense.”
To his surprise, Cas responds with a small smile. “In a way, it was. My grace, the very essence of me, had been taken away from me without my consent, and had the potential to be used for unsavory things – ”
Cas pulls away after a moment, and presses their foreheads together. “I’m glad I’m here, too,” he says. “There is nowhere else I’d rather be.”
This would be funny, Dean realizes, if it were like the time when he told Sam to pack lots of layers for a hunt in Maine in the dead of winter, and Sam ended up freezing his ass off because he’d only packed his regular jacket. But this isn’t like that. This is Cas, who is supposed to be all powered up and completely self-sufficient at temperature regulation.
. Still, Rowena agreed to show up, as she usually did, going on about some sort of favor being owed to her. Castiel could think of very few things he wouldn’t give to save Dean, so he for one had no objections to this deal. There was hesitation in Sam’s voice when he agreed, but also the kind of raw desperation that Cas knew all too well. If anyone else could understand what losing Dean felt like, it was Sam.
“I know. And you and Sam are great hunters. But that doesn’t stop me from being terrified of losing you. Or from feeling useless.”
Dean’s jaw clenched, his hands in fists by his sides. “Alright,” he practically growled. “You’re right.”
“Yes,” she said, and this time pulled a dark blue book from her bag, setting it on the table next to the jar. “I have a spell here that will allow you to enter Dean’s mind for a brief time. I don’t know where Michael has him locked away, but if you manage to find him, there’s a
Dean got up from the table, stretching. He walked to the doorway and stopped there, turning back to look at Cas. “Uh, Cas?”
“Oh?” Sam says, clearly feigning surprise. “Okay, that’s… That’s great.” He clears his throat and looks back down at his book, turns the pages like he’s looking for something. “Have a good time, guys.”
Tammy sat down in a chair in the living room and gestured for Dean and Cas to sit on the couch, so they did. She was a tall girl with a short haircut, and Dean tried not to think about the fact that she looked a lot like Meg Masters, only with brown hair. “I heard you were here. Rob’s mom called to tell me you were on your way over. Can I get you some coffee?”
Tammy looked between Dean and Cas. She had tears in her eyes, but blinked them away. And she didn’t look sad. Almost frustrated. “How does this work? Do I need to say a code word or something before you can be honest with me? Or is everything classified regardless?”
On the walk to the garage, Cas feels like he’s on his way to be executed. It’s only when he approaches the door and hears Dean singing along (terribly) to Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd that he feels slightly less afraid.
“Dean Winchester, you are not ‘damaged goods.’ I’ve known about what you went through in hell since the moment I raised you from perdition. And that knowledge did nothing to shape the way I see you, except perhaps for forcing me to know you more intimately than you would have consented to. I would have rather allowed you the opportunity to share those experiences with me if and when you were ready, but in order to save you, I had to hold your soul inside my grace. There was no way I could have avoided learning everything I learned about you in that moment. I’m sorry for the way that it happened, sorry that you couldn’t be afforded any agency at the time, but I’m not sorry for knowing you. For knowing your soul.”
Dean walks in to grab a beer from the fridge and immediately looks at both of them with concern. “Is she trying to con you, Cas?”
“Dude, she had a huge crush on you. Even when she was bossing you around, I could tell. You didn’t know?”
So he just follows Cas around the festival, a strange, pleasant feeling bubbling up inside his chest. He buys Sam his peppermint bark, and buys some for Cas too, and smiles when Cas says something about peppermint bark being one of humanity’s greatest achievements. He doesn’t even complain when Cas asks for money to buy various things he doesn’t need, or when he has to scrape the snow off of Baby’s windshield before they head out.
“He gave us a look.” Dean opened the trunk of the Impala and pulled out two hockey bags filled with everything they would need for their first visit to the bar. He handed the lighter bag to Cas.
Michael thrashed, eyes opening again for a brief second, just long enough for Cas to see that they were now
Sam lit the holy oil, and the flames rushed several feet into the air for a second, then settled to a few inches high.
“Yeah.” When it felt somewhat odd to not return the question, he added, “How was your, uh, meditation?”
“It’s beautiful, Cas. He’s gonna love it.” He closes the box and passes it back to him. “Why did you want to wait?”
Neither one of them let go, which was somewhat of a relief to Cas. Dean’s hand was like an anchor; without it, Cas was afraid he would dissolve into the nothingness that surrounded them. It was almost like the Empty, he thought with dread. Only there, he had been able to see his hand in front of his face.
Cas groans and releases Dean’s right wrist, then slides his palm across Dean’s to slot their fingers together while his other hand traces Dean’s jaw. The grace-glow in his eyes subsides, and there’s a tangible shift in his demeanor as he leans down, their lips just barely brushing together. The heat is still there, just tempered as the kiss gradually deepens.
Cas squints at the type on the box. “Forty-eight seems like a lot. From what I understand about the menstrual cycle – ”
Dean looked back and forth between the angel and his brother, like if he killed some time, they would forget that Cas had asked him a question. Sam cleared his throat.
Dean tried to clear his throat, but a choked sob overtook him instead. Somewhere inside he felt humiliated, but that was nothing compared to everything else he was feeling.
Cas broke away from the kiss, seeming to sense that Dean’s mind was elsewhere. “Is something wrong?”
“It makes sense, Dean,” Cas said. “Perhaps the act of confession itself was incomplete without forgiveness.”
Cas must see the concern on Dean’s face, because he presses a gentle kiss to his lips. It’s subdued, especially compared to what they were doing before, but it still succeeds in easing Dean’s worry, at least a little. “Before we get too…” – Cas pauses, searching for the right word – “
“All the information we have at this point says that it was an accident,” said Cas. “We just have to cover all our bases.”
Dean walked around to the trunk of the Impala and opened it. The usual weapons cache was absent, the trunk empty. “Damn it,” Dean muttered, and slammed it shut. “Nothing,” he said.
“Oh, I know,” she said, pointing to the cover of the book she was holding. “What’s up with that? I don’t know if I could date someone who hasn’t seen
“What if the world ends when he’s away? Then it has to be his decision whether or not he comes back. And whatever he’d choose, I’m sure he’d be grateful that you gave him options.”
Sam and Jack each get up and hug him, too. It’s a little too sappy for Dean’s comfort, but he rolls with it. Jack looks at him with admiration, like he’s something special, and it pulls on Dean’s heart a little. “Do you feel different?” Jack asks him.
“In reality, you’ve always done what you thought was best for them. You put their safety and happiness before your own, and yet you still feel inadequate.” Castiel looked down to where his hands were folded in his lap. “So the thought of forming meaningful relationships scares you, and I understand that.”
Dean shook his head and smiled vindictively. “This is stupid. I don’t have to put up with this from you. Get off your high horse and admit that you’re just tired of cleaning up me and Sam’s messes, so you’re punishing us while you do it.”
Dean picked up the newspaper that was laid open on the table. He scanned the headlines for anything unusual, even though he knew they couldn’t hunt with Sam in his condition. He was doing better for now, but it would be too big a risk to put more stress on his system. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, so he turned a few pages and started reading the comics.
They had held hands before, but only for very brief moments, and only when helping one another up, or some other circumstance where it had been necessary. Now, Cas had enough time to appreciate the weight and warmth of Dean’s hand in his. Perhaps he idled too long, however, because Dean was looking at him as though waiting for a signal to proceed.
“I can regulate the temperature of my vessel, Dean. The cold won’t be a problem for me.” Cas says it with a bit of a smirk.
“Wow,” Sam whispers when he opens the box. The ring is a silver band with a stripe all the way around it that seems to be blue and white and silver all at the same time. “Wait, is that – ?”
Part of him wants to remind Cas that it’s just a bag of candy. That he grabbed it off a shelf in a convenience store and paid less than five bucks for it. He wants to make a joke about how ever since he started falling again, Cas has been all mushy. But it feels too good to hold Cas like this, to see him safe and acting stupidly grateful over a bag of peppermints.
“Yeah. I mean, I think they were well liked enough. But they were assholes, you know? They drank too much and talked shit about women, and then turned around and wondered why Nick was the only one with a girlfriend.”
?” Dean said, raising his voice. “Cas and I spent the whole drive over here thinking something had happened to you two, and you’re just – just – in here
Cas looked around for some way to prove that he was right, that he was telling the truth. “Look,” he said, and gestured all around them. “There’s no road anywhere. How did you get here in your car? There’s no way through the trees.” It was true, the clearing was surrounded on all sides by trees, with no path for a car to fit between them.
Cas glanced at Dean, who was standing with his arms crossed, wearing a stoic expression. “Dean always forgives his family,” Cas assured her. “And I know he regards you as such.”
Dean marveled at the weight of Cas’ arm on his chest, the way it made him feel safe rather than burdened. He moved his own arm so that it was on top of Cas’, and slotted their fingers together.
Cas wondered whether or not the hair had been acquired with Dean’s knowledge, but again, he decided it wasn’t important at the moment. Sam handed the satchel to Rowena, who extracted a few of the light brown hairs and placed them into her bowl. Next, she opened the jar containing the djinn brains and, to Jack’s obvious horror, put her bare hand inside to scoop the slimy mass out and into the bowl. “Now,” she said, flicking the excess liquid off her fingers. “The grace.” She handed Cas an empty vial.
Both of them jumped at the sound of a twig snapping. Footsteps. Approaching voices. Neither of them moved. As the voices grew nearer, Cas easily identified Benny’s deep drawl. “If you would quit arguin’ maybe I could think.”
Anger jetted through Dean’s body, and he got up from the table, picking up his plate and pitching it down into the sink. It clattered against the metal with a sharp ring, but didn’t break. His hands gripped the counter as he stared down at his white knuckles, waiting for the adrenaline to pass.
“I am tired, Dean. I’m tired of being treated like some tool for you to use when you can’t do something yourself. I’m tired of waiting for you to take some responsibility for your actions. I’m tired of feeling like I left my home and gave up everything for someone who sees me as a machine that’s supposed to produce solutions for him.”
“You catch on fast,” Dean said as he put his own bag down on the other bed. He stood there awkwardly for a moment, pretending to examine the hideous trout-patterned curtains. “So, uh, you want me to change in the bathroom?” Dean immediately cringed at how juvenile the question sounded.
He upends his bottle of whiskey on the recently dug earth, pours out a steady stream and then drinks the rest.
It doesn’t work. He’s just going to have to keep going for the portal and hope he finds Dean there beside it. Hope that Dean doesn’t wander through it in a reckless fit of pique. He doesn’t know what the consequences of having two bodies on earth will be, but well, it’s their fucking lives, of course it won’t be good.
A little of the tension dribbles out of him, but not much. He’s looking at her warily now, like he thinks she’s about to land him one.
“This is so not fucking fair.” He groans, attempting to massage his ass with one hand and hang on tight to the reigns with the other. “How are you guys so good at this?”
SORRY ABOUT LAST WEEK. I had the stupid flu and I couldn't read anything longer than a sentence without getting muddled so I couldn't edit. BLEAUGH.
SORRY FOR THE HORRIBLE BREAK, I got really caught up in my DCBB last week because of TERRIBLE PANIC that I'm not going to finish it in time and by the time I'd caught up with myself a bit it was thursday and I only had the first paragraph of this chapter written.
Uzziel is the sixth angel they’ve visited since parting from Druiel, and the sixth angel who has had nothing new to offer. She hasn’t seen any suspicious characters, she hasn’t seen Castiel, and no-one has recently tried to immolate her or harm her in any way.
“So, Dean tells me you’ve been doing hand exercises already, that’s good.” Sam says as he trots through the door, hair still wet from the shower. For a moment Cas finds that odd, showering before working out, and then he remembers that what classes as a workout for him probably won’t even cause Sam to break out in a sweat.
The display lasts for nearly half an hour – the palms she had to grease for that, honestly. She didn’t put the display together herself – trusting to an expert to do that, and she’s glad she did. It’s phenomenal to watch reds and blues and greens chasing each other across the sky. Bursting to light again and again. It should be repetitive, but somehow it’s hypnotic. There’s a playlist going in the background too, bassy and loud, covering the whistling of the rockets and making it more of a surprise when each new spark burst to light.
“Sigils.” He says, after fondling the rocks for rather a long time. Long enough that Dean almost thought he’d fallen asleep sitting there. “I’d guess there are thousands of them carved into the stone. Spells, warnings, protections against everything from the elements to the undead.”
That said, he likes knowing about nature. It feels like a connection, a tether to the place he’s chosen to make his home.
“I uh, investigated that avenue. Thought about getting Charlie to like, hack him onto a health plan or summit.”
“I knew there was something weird about him. He was all polite but a jerk – like those snobs who think they’re above you but can’t be bothered to cause a scene by telling you to polish their boots.”
Dean is driving, which no one thinks is a good idea. Like they’d ever be able to stop him, though. He’s driving fast and sloppy enough that even Sam – who's sat shotgun with him for years of reckless chases – is on the verge of telling him to tone it down. He doesn’t get the chance, though, because Dean slams the car to a halt.
“No, we go to a drive-thru movie, or if there’s too many people there maybe something else you can do from a car – a safari maybe?”
“Damn straight. You wanna see the setup I’ve rigged in the basement. There’s so many failsafes it’s overdoing it even by my standards.”
“We’re not having a moment in the middle—” Cas twists to the side to avoid a punch, sends another back “—of a brawl.”
“I’m fine standing.” Cas says, but Dean shakes his head, gestures to where Cas is leaning on his stick.
“He means he lost in one hit and he’s hiding behind his angelic knowledge of every game ever invented to weasel his way out of admitting it.”
Cas stands unsteadily, totters to the tub and grabs onto the edge. It’s a wide rimmed tub with a shelf built into the wall next to it, so there’s plenty to grip onto, but even so, he can’t seem to haul himself into the water.
“Why wouldn’t they like you, Tammy?” Cas asked, but something about the way he spoke made Dean think Cas already knew the answer.
Dean hesitates, but eventually takes the box from Cas’ trembling hand with one of his own. His frown deepens when his eyes rest on the band of swirling blue and white embedded in the silver. “You – ” he starts.
He let go of the doorknob and walked back to his room. He had loved Dean for years. He would wait for as long as he had to.
“I tried to remove everything. But most of it was too deeply cemented. The only things I had a chance with were the things you were already trying to repress yourself.”
“Yes,” says Cas, his tone instantly darker. He steps closer, brushes a finger over Dean’s bottom lip, quirks one eyebrow. “Are you saying you want to go back to bed?”
It seemed that this was Dean’s way of telling him he wasn’t going to stay angry.   “I don’t exactly have a ‘pay grade’ anymore,” Cas said, using air quotes. “And besides, a few hours of inactivity is hardly a burden for me. Before my mission to raise you from hell, I spent millennia watching the earth. Although I’ve since learned much about the pleasures of participating in the world, it’s not unpleasant to simply observe.”
He pulls into the gravel driveway. When he turns off the car, he doesn’t make any move to get out. He just sits still for a moment, looking through the windshield at the place where they’ll spend the next few days together, alone.
Sam felt a pang in his chest at the Bobby-esque reply. He shut the bedroom door behind him. “Will you cut the crap? I’m serious.”
“SAM? SAMMY?” Dean rushed down the stairs with Cas right behind him. “CHARLIE?” There was no answer, but there was a bang from somewhere in the bunker that sounded like a gunshot. They shared an anxious glance and rushed down the hall.
By some miracle, the angel handcuffs worked. This was a temporary solution, one they had formulated just before they charged into that high rise in Kansas City. As soon as Michael snapped the spear, Dean broke through for just a moment, long enough to hold out his wrists for Sam to snap the cuffs on before Michael regained control. With Michael’s powers dampened, Castiel was able to put him to sleep inside his vessel – inside Dean. It had taken a dangerous amount of grace, but Dean was safe.
But being pleased at the thought of Cas’s autonomy being taken away like that makes Dean a monster. He knows that.
This was one of the many places he would often go to be alone. He also frequented an abandoned temple in Cambodia and a mountaintop in Argentina, but today he wanted to stay closer to the bunker in case Dean or Sam called him back. The difference in flying time would be miniscule, just a fraction of a millisecond, but Castiel had an uneasiness turning in his stomach that kept him close to Kansas for the time being.
“I know I’m not the expert on humans, Dean, but I don’t think people stop needing family when they turn eighteen. And the way you are with her… ” He pauses and sighs. “I think you’d make a good father, Dean. I think you could give her back a part of something that I took away from her.”
“Cas, buddy, I’m sorry I yelled. Things are just really crazy right now.” As Dean spoke, Castiel finally looked up from the floor and met his eyes. He had to stop himself from looking away from the intensity that the angel always managed to convey with his eye contact.
“No. That’s not how this works. We’re not running on a quota. You’re really prepared to say we’ve done enough?”
But this overwhelming love he felt for Dean was not pity. Castiel wanted to mend everything in Dean’s life that had ever brought him pain, but there was something much stronger– and more terrifying– beyond that. There was selfishness.
“I wasn’t going to stop you,” Cas replied, a little defensive now. “I’m sorry if I’ve overstepped, but I was just trying – ”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says. He sounds genuinely moved. “I’m honored to be a part of your family tradition.”
“Dean, that’s a matter of language. Our words for one another in Enochian have no English translation; sibling is the closest, but is still not quite accurate.”
“I don’t have a last name to give you. I suppose I could use Novak, but it’s not truly mine. So I was wondering if I could take your name.”
“Well, thanks, I guess,” Dean says. He knows there’s quite possibly something else that Cas isn’t telling him, but he starts the car anyway, trying to ease some of the tension. If anything, the tension is only worse by the time they’re out of the parking lot and back on the highway, so Dean tries something else. “Look, man, I don’t want you to think that I’m freaked out by whatever that girl thought, or whatever people are gonna think. Who cares, right?”
Dean heaves in a few deep breaths. He’s not going back, he’s decided that. But that doesn’t mean he’s skipping out entirely. He’s gotta make sure Cas is safe first. He’s gotta catch the guy, get him locked down. He’ll deliver him to the bunker’s door. And then… and then that’s that.
“Well, he’s never lost someone like Cas before, has he.” She points out mildly. ‘Cause Dean’s lost every single kind of friend and family it’s possible to have, but apart from Lisa, he’s never really had a significant other to lose. And now he’s lost Cas, and not in normal circumstances. In the worst way he could.
The garden centre is busy, noisy and full of places for someone to hide. Dean can’t help noticing these things, his hunter senses whirring along overtime. Usually he can shut them off, stuff ‘em in a bag and only let them out to breathe when he needs them. But, yeah. Ever since Cas his paranoia has been a little high alert. He’s sure it’ll settle down once Cas is back to being Cas, but this twitchy-eyed, slow reflex version is hardly gonna be able to defend itself so paranoia, meet Dean.
“Talk to him about it first. If he decides you’re going behind his back he’ll refuse out of principle.”
He appears to be, settling down and pulling Dean onto his lap. He grabs the lube from the side and squirts it onto his fingers. It’s silicon based, suitable for use under water. He suspects Dean bought it for this very purpose, the sneaky bastard .
It reaches out and touches the three way seal on Dean’s arm, flinches back and then starts to laugh again - nothing deliberate or calculated this time, just wild, hysterical bursts.
But, of course, all that pales against the other thing. Bone deep, blood deep, carved into him and suffusing every atom of his being, every nerve and every conscious thought.
“Hey, Cas, Dean, Sam.” She holds out her spare hand and shakes with them all in turn. “I’m in charge of this place, so any questions or concerns, you come to me. And you two,” she nods at where Cas and Dean are still holding hands, “anyone gives you trouble for that, let me know and I’ll sort it out for you.”
Lucifer says as he eats Dean out with Cas’s long tongue – almost like it was made for this exact purpose.
Dean searches the crime scene with such painstaking thoroughness that it takes nearly twice as long as usual. He is rewarded, though. In one of the angel’s pockets, tucked deep down and out of sight, is a motel key. He takes it, sleight of hands it away under the noses of the officers on the scene.
Cas knows everything now, what the forest is going to use his grace for, what will happen to Dean as a consequence.
And that’s a distracting train of thought, but not a pleasant one, so lets not dwell on that. He flips through the book until he sees a picture he likes, takes up one of the plain sheets of paper and starts folding.
And he wants to laugh at his own wording, because 'normal visit'. Like it's something casual, a fucking sunday afternoon stroll in the murder woods of Dean's nightmares.
“Yeah, I do. That place was big, noisy, full of people and places to hide. That’s like, top tier crap.”
Before long there are three women standing in front of Dean, but they’re unsettled, shifting. Every time he blinks, or flicks his gaze from one to the other, they change. Rotund at one glance, lithe the next, short and broad shouldered, or tall and weighed down with muscle and fat. Their skin changes too, dark as a crow’s feather, pale as bone, the yellow of an old bruise, cold and grey as an iron blade. The only thing that doesn’t change is their hair – brilliant red, blood-slick.
He throws back his head and slugs down as much as he can without throwing it right back up. This isn’t about enjoying it. This is about silencing the fucking demons, in his head and on his arm, giving him some fucking peace.
Stop it. He can’t assume. It’s not like that, it can’t be. It’s just the fucking stress of the whole situation – Lucifer, Amara – making Dean paranoid. He’s got to believe that.
And speaking of Dean’s fucked up orbit, time to try and go rescue the one person most irrevocably tainted by it.
Headache forgotten, Dean throws himself out of bed, makes it almost to the door before he remembers.
Angels don’t need to eat or anything like that, but when an angel gets banished they end up somewhere on earth. So plane tickets, or gas, or a fucking gun. Or a cash withdrawal to go off grid.
Lucifer internally lets loose an anguished wail so loud it makes Cas’s consciousness throb. He keeps on going until Cas eventually interrupts.
“I shouldn’t, it’s disrespectful to you. You were never supposed to know.” He looks like he’s about to throw up, like he thinks Cas is about to hurt him.
“How you doing, Cas?” Charlie asks from Cas’s seat as he opens the back door, a little surprised to see her there.
“I’ve always admired your kindness.” Cas suspects that the key to complimenting Dean Winchester is to only throw out one at a time. A list he’ll rebuff without pausing, but focus on one thing and shut down any arguments he throws at you, and maybe, just maybe he’ll internalise the tiniest bit of it.
“I’m sorry.” He tells Sam, wiping one eye with his manacled hand – and Sam frowns at it, wants to take it off so badly. He hates looking at him there, chained to the fucking bed. But what other choice do they have?
“Mm. It finds enough opportunities to fuck me over without me presenting them, neatly packaged. Some residual distaste for my crimes against destiny, I assume.”
He hacks and slashes at them, throws vicious attacks and parries their blows. For a little while he thinks that he’s doing okay, that he’s at least holding his ground, that he has a chance.
Dean Winchester for I love you, and I want to spend time with you, even if things are tense, even if we’re both waiting for the fight to break out.
“Yes.” Hannah replies, doesn’t care to elaborate further, instead says. “And best pray that they don’t know about his immunity – or Castiel might as well be dead.”
Sam gets up early the next morning, ass crack of dawn early. But that’s fine, because so does Dean. He sets an alarm for Sam’s usual hour, but he also takes precautions – hides a baby monitor in Sam’s room while he’s otherwise occupied. Which yeah, risky move depending on what Sam has planned for that night, but Dean is lucky, doesn’t hear a squeak out of it until 3am.
“Even if I wanted to subject you to a literal eternity burning at the centre of the sun, I can’t teleport.” Cas says morosely.
It’s a topic she and Cas discussed at length. Well, more like Cas would text her and complain about Dean getting him up at the literal break of dawn, and she would laugh at her phone, go back to sleep, and reply smugly about three hours later when his hunt was well underway.
Sam slips a clean pair up over his jutting hipbones, but doesn’t cover up the rest of him yet. He wants to give the poor guy some vague sense of modesty, even if he knows there’s every chance he’s gonna soil whatever Sam puts on him anyway, but he also needs to check his injuries, make sure nothing is infected. That’s the last thing they need right now, when angel healing doesn’t mean shit.
Cas lets Dean sink to his knees this time, and Dean finally gets a good look at his cock. And maybe he’s a bit biased, but it’s fucking perfect. Thick and fat and gorgeous looking, precome beading at the head. Dean nuzzles at Cas’s crotch, can’t resist a little tease before he licks along the shaft and swallows down as much of it as he can fit in his mouth. Cas groans, fists his hands in Dean’s hair and pulls at it just the way Dean likes it. He fucks into Dean’s mouth in staccato bursts, and Dean lets him carry on just long enough for Cas to get really worked up, and then pulls off.
“We can’t just go to the nearest place, Cas.” Dean says this slowly, like he is talking to a two year old and not a billion year old creature who until not too long ago, existed in multitudes that Dean Winchester could barely comprehend.
There’s some sort of congealed tomato concoction in the kitchen. Sam takes a taste – better than it looks, he decides. Also one of Dean’s hangover meals, so he’s guessing they still aren’t doing too hot.
“Alright, Mr Flippant. I had an evil magic tattoo, you once got turned into a plastic toy, and Sam used to be able to kill demons with the power of his mind. Less of the tone, huh?”
When Cas knocks on his door a few hours later he’s got it all marshalled, but he keeps to himself while they go through the ritual of changing his bandages. He understands this might get dicey, and he’s not cruel enough that he’d force Cas to listen by withholding help until he does.
“But it isn’t leaning towards that side. It’s going towards the right – even though the branches there are bare, gnarled and strange.”
Cas wakes during the night with Dean's clenching death grip on him. He knows why he's holding so tight. It's because he leaves, he always does. But he only does it for one reason – because he hasn't been asked to stay. He has been – enough – this time.
Sam runs into the kitchen, skidding along the floor and hoping to hell he left shoes somewhere around here – and comes to a dead halt. Because there’s Dean, fast asleep on Sam’s laptop, cheek mashing down half the keys as the poor machine repeatedly beeps an error message protest.
“Can it with the pity parade.” He snaps back. “I know exactly how pathetic I am.” He discovers new depths of self-hatred on a whim. They come and they go, with no pattern or reason.
“Cas, baby, I know I’ve been bratty and I don’t deserve it, but can I ask you to do something for me?”
“Right, so, you remember about a month ago when we got more than a little tipsy?” Dean begins, having straightened up but keeping his eyes on the button of Cas’s shirt his fingers are playing with. Wow, he
That kind of desperation wasn’t worth looking into though, Dean was certain of that. It was just a perfectly natural addiction to powerful daily orgasms. Everyone would have behaved like Dean and Cas, given the chance. So it was useless to waste time analyzing their inability to keep their hands off of each other. It was absolutely normal. Everyone would have done the same. There, that was a solid, rational conclusion. Moving on.
Dean can’t honestly say he’s unhappy. He isn’t. His family and friends love him and he loves them back. Music takes up a big space in his life and in his heart, and is able to fill him with happiness and fulfillment like few other things can. He loves his job, loves spending the days creating and working with talented artists.
. He should probably let Cas see that he can actually be smooth, before he starts acting like the giant dork he knows he is in his heart. His friend Benny always tells him that’s one of the things that make people see Dean is good people, and his friend Charlie always says that it’s one of the things that make him cute and bangable, which Dean isn’t sure he should take too much into consideration because she couldn’t be more gay if she tried.
By the time Dean has entered the space himself, closed and locked the door and turned around, Novak has placed his bag on the floor and has positioned himself in front of Dean, still silent, eyes still searching, barely there frown still in place.
As much as he’s spent the whole day wishing he could just talk to Cas, he could have told him over dinner. And he could have certainly led with something other than “can we talk”. Facepalming at himself wouldn’t be a winning move, would it? Because Dean kinda wants to do that right now.
Novak’s gasp signals he definitely likes the plan, but still he looks doubtful. “That’s never happened before.”
Unlocking the screen shows him that he has a few messages, all replies to the texts he had sent to his family and closest friends earlier, to let everyone know he had got to New York safe and sound and was in the process of settling in.
Dean knows he’s lucky. He’s healthy, he’s got a job, a roof above his head and food on the table, friends who love him and that he loves, a little brother who’s sometimes a pain in ass but also a decidedly good man Dean’s proud of.
As they make their way to the museum through the busy streets and even busier public transportation, Dean observes that the city might benefit from starting using volocopters extensively. He’s absolutely delighted when Castiel tells him he’s aware of what volocopters are and when he says that he finds the idea of manned and electrically powered drones that can be used as air taxis absolutely brilliant. Dean agrees wholeheartedly, even though he adds that he would never use them himself because he‘s afraid of flying. This leads Castiel to think with a certain amount of sadness that they’ll probably never join the high-mile club – which, in turn, is further proof that Castiel is now definitely onboard with this and just needs to find a way to break the news to Dean – but it also kickstarts a discussion about green mobility. Castiel is immediately reminded of Dean’s enthusiasm at the conference, and he also finds out this is the reason why Dean got a promotion that brought him all the way to the New York Headquarters. He’s part of a research and development group who successfully pitched the idea that GM should start investing in mobility which is 100% green, like volocopters. But, considering how expensive that still is at this stage, it can only work in big cities where landing space abounds and people can afford to take a volocopter rather than a regular cab. New York, with all its skyscrapers and the many well-off, when not outrageously rich, inhabitants, satisfies both requirements.
“Thank you. You know, for telling me about her. Now I feel even luckier that you’ve decided to come here and share this experience with me,” Dean almost whispers, as if afraid that saying those words aloud will make Castiel realize what a big thing this is and run for the hills.
all over again, and Dean’s fucking glad he doesn’t own a sewing machine because he’d certainly be using it to make his own pink dress right now if he did.
When Novak comes to, Dean looks at him and he’s momentarily awe-strucked by how beautiful he is, all fucked-out hair, drooping eyes and sated smile. Dean doesn't even have the time to finish the thought that's forming in his head about scooping up Novak's bathroom to find some lotion to put on his backside that the man starts speaking.
“Anyways, this explains why I know him. It doesn’t explain what he’s doing here when I know for a fact that Jack can’t afford a place like this,” Dean points out while pinching his eyebrows closer together, hoping that’ll be an enquiring enough expression for Castiel to hear the implicit request for an explanation. Super hot owner or not, super nice hotel or not, if this man is actually a sleazeball taking advantage of an 18 year old innocent boy who’s in a difficult situation, Dean is leaving this place super fast and taking the kid with him. And probably punching the guy in the face before doing that, for good measure.
“Yeah, I am. Even though, I think I could give this place a run for their money. If I didn’t think you’d think I was just trying to get in your pants, I would have invited you over and made breakfast for you. I can make some mean pancakes myself, and I could have baked you pie.”
But then Dean starts moving his own hips to get more of Castiel inside of him, and Cas stills the movement of his hips in response. He breaks the kiss and rests his forehead against Dean’s. “That’s it, my beautiful, perfect boy,” he manages to let out with the little breath he has right now, “make yourself feel good, Dean, take what you need. Whatever you need.”
Castiel was all professionalism and plastered smile when he asked “What can I get you two on this fine morning?”
They don’t usually bring their marriage into their scenes like this, but this isn’t a conventional scene either, and Castiel would lie if he said he minds what’s just transpired.
how not to be good. That didn’t mean Dean wasn’t thrilled to give Cas what he had asked for and he didn’t absolutely love seeing Cas choke on his cock and his tears fall from those sparkling blue eyes while his boy worked to learn how to take all of him down his throat.
Watching Jimmy being so unsure and tentative as he walks in the direction of the bathroom is both the cutest and the saddest thing Dean’s seen in a long time. He needs to get busy with dinner like now or he’ll make himself really fucking disheartened just thinking about it.
“Know? What do they know?” Castiel wonders. When Dean starts slipping into subspace, he starts making less and less sense the farther he gets, and Castiel needs to understand if that’s the case or he’s just being unclear because he’s also busy trying to control the reactions of his body.
He tries to rein in his sad, resigned smile, he really does. He doesn’t want to play the victim here, or seem like that’s what he’s doing, or guilt trip Cas –
“And wherever you are, it’s not too late. I should have stopped you. You’re my best friend but I just let you go. ‘Cause that was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
has Novak under his hands and can make him beg for release without the whole courthouse knowing what it is they’re doing in here. Still, he uses the hand not currently around their erections to silence his increasingly vocal partner with his pointer finger against his puckered lips. Even lost in lust as they are, Cas’s eyes immediately zero on the action and stare, transfixed, at Dean’s mouth, their pupils dilating even more. Dean knows
to agree with his brain on something, for a change.) And she keeps telling him that she’s dying to tell Cas all about their crazy adventures together and see if she can get him involved too. As if Dean would ever let that happen. He really hopes the two of them will meet one day – they are two of his favorite people, after all, and he loves having his favorite people all in the same room – but he’s gonna make 156% sure they are
Castiel wonders if Dean’s still gonna be so smug once Castiel has him under himself. Probably not. Castiel
“Sshhh,” Cas shushes him softly, caressing his face and kissing him lightly on the lips. “I’ve got you, sweetheart.”
. Rationally. Not with his guts or his dick or his heart. But with his brain. He almost sends his mind into overdrive, replaying everything from the beginning. The conference, the phone call, the times they’ve met since then. He even reads their chat again, in case he missed something. But no, it’s all there, black on white. Dean is giving himself to him completely. Can Castiel accept the gift and handle him with care? Or will he always doubt him? In the latter case, Castiel should do both of them a favor and just let it go. He’d make them miserable otherwise. That’s no way of living, being with someone you don’t trust fully and who knows you don’t trust him. Both Castiel and Dean deserve better than a relationship where Castiel would never let his guard down completely and Dean would always feel compelled to walk on eggshells. The person you love is supposed to be your home, and your home is the place where you can let your hair down. They both deserve that.
Once he finally bottoms out, sweat on his forehead matching the sweat on Dean’s upper lip and chest, Castiel rolls his hips a little and Dean moans unabashedly.
to be pumped full of Dean’s come – still one of the hottest things he’s ever experienced and will probably ever experience. He screams so loud it’s frankly a miracle someone’s not called the cops yet and he buries himself in the warm channel of his boyfriend’s ass to the hilt, stilling his hips as his cock shoots strip after strip of come into Cas’s perfect hole. It seems to go on forever, and his breathing is so short and loud, and he’s hot all over, his damn clothes drenched in sweat and come and plastered to his body, and it’s all so damn uncomfortable but he
It’s really not surprising then that Castiel has tried to reason, then plead, then bribe his way out of this shindig. But, in his position, he simply wasn’t allowed to escape this torture.
After grabbing the other pillow to place below Dean’s hips so he’s propped up a bit, Castiel grabs the condom and rolls it down with shaking fingers. He doesn’t even need to stroke himself he’s so hard. He pours more lube on his erection and spreads it around carefully. Hurting Dean is not conceivable.
adorable. Castiel’s given up on the pretense he’ll ever be able to stop using ‘Dean’ in combination with ‘adorable’ in most of his thoughts.
You guys, this is the beginning of the long(er) chapters. I apologize profusely. When I read a fic, I couldn't care less about chapter length. Turns out when *I* am the author, I obsess about having chapters of similar length. It worked with Wrap You Up, but it just didn't with this one. Some chapters are just so much longer than others, but splitting them just didn't work, so, here we are, I'm afraid.
No one knows, however, that their behavior in public is just an extension of their D/s dynamic at home. Every kiss, every hug, every touch, every word of praise, every term of endearment is a reward for Dean’s unique ability to please his Dom and a reminder that Dean belongs to his Dom and his Dom only. Every text is a regular check in to make sure Dean is safe and isn’t dropping, to let Dean know how happy his Dom is with him, and what he expects from Dean.
to take advantage of Dean. But he can’t stop thinking about Sammy’s look of pity and condescending tone when he replied that Dean was too good-hearted for his own good, which led Dean to point out that “down on your luck and scumbag aren’t synonyms, Sammy”, before upping and leaving.
No, Castiel wasn’t really trying to impress Dean. He was trying to ascertain whether the money and the prestige, including the possibility of dining at fancy places, that Castiel can offer might be one of the reasons why Dean seems to be so interested in him. Yet here he is, overflowing with delight at having being brought to a place where they couldn’t spend a grand even if they both ate and drank everything on the menu of the restaurant.
Checking the time tells him he doesn’t have time to reply though, as it’s 3 minutes to 3.30. He will not call late. In fact, he will call at 3.29, so it’ll be 3.30 by the time Castiel’s secretary puts him through.
the club – the noise, the drinks, the dance floor. No, he goes there to hook up. And that means that, once he’s chosen and engaged his target, he never wastes time looking around, he just gets them out of there and back to his place as soon as he can, especially if he’s very horny.
The deer-caught-in-headlights look on Samandriel’s face when he sees them walking through the door, however, is totally, completely, absolutely, royally worth it.
Dean had relaxed more and more as Castiel explained himself and was looking at him with his signature “you’re an idiot but I love you” look by the time he was done.
The slightly longer silence before she replies “One moment, please” only confirms Dean’s suspicion that she’s, at the very least, a little baffled.
“Dean, breathe,” Cas interrupts his rambling, with a fond smile and eyes which are even mistier than a few moments ago.
news, for all intent and purposes. But what if Cas doesn’t see it that way, for some reason? What if he sees it as Dean trying to control him? Or change him? Or-.
He goes back to spanking him, slowly, faster, softly, harder, until his hand is burning and his arm is aching, his lover’s backside is crimson and his sounds have grown louder and more incoherent.
Samandriel’s eyes widen and a bright flush colors his entire face, and the fifteen year old within Dean starts dancing the Macarena.
He opens the buttons of his slacks and pulls down his zipper to give himself some relief but doesn’t shed any of the clothes he still has on – his suit jacket long forgotten on the floor in front of the door. There’s something extremely hot about doing this clothed while Novak is completely naked and vulnerable. It makes Dean feel even more in control, and he’s ecstatic to see Novak’s OK with that. The restroom wasn’t a fluke then. This man likes his man to take charge. And take charge Dean shall.
Dean had rolled his head from where it was resting on the couch backrest to look at Castiel with a soft, smiling expression.
“I’m sorry I don’t have a ring, baby,” Cas says, and Dean’s almost shocked by the sound of his voice breaking the perfect silence they’ve been in for the last several minutes. “I promise I’ll buy you one tomorrow,” he vows.
“She’s my best friend. And she is very much gay. Much more than me, in fact, seeing as I’m bi. You got at least that one right.” A better man would have spared the flustered baby in front of him that final jab. Dean wasn’t a better man. And he was still a little hur-. Pissed. He was still a little
“Oh, thank heavens,” Dean says, showing a relief Castiel would only justify in case someone told him the Earth just survived an alien attack. “This is like the vegan thing. I don’t think I could date someone who doesn’t like pie.”
“I have to go now, Dean, I have work to do,” the kid informs him with a proud smile. Castiel isn’t just giving these kids shelter, he’s helping them find purpose again. That’s just as  important as a bed and food. “I have to go to the storage room and count of all the products to put in bedrooms they still have, so Mister N knows how much he needs to order next month.”
them. Because if you are passionate about something, you want to share it with the person you like. And you hope they like it too, so you can enjoy it together and bond over it.” Castiel knew that music was one of the few beautiful things Dean allowed himself to indulge in. And he had wanted to share it with him. His
to be a reason, this wasn’t that kind of thing, Cas could have very well just grown bored of the kid he was screwing and realized he could spend his time and energies doing bigger and better things - or people. Still, they could have parted ways on more amicable terms. Dean honestly didn’t think he had done anything that could warrant a similar behavior.
Once they’re calm again, Dean lifts his head and presses a series of closed mouthed kisses against Novak’s lips, until he can feel a smile spread on them. When he opens his eyes, he’s greeted by the man’s bashful smile and dropping gaze, and yes, seeing that smile and that gaze and knowing they’re a result of their fucking is just as satisfactory as Dean’s imagined it’d be.
What he didn’t expect was how much he’d end up loving it. The music club was actually made up of a bunch of very interesting characters, from nerds to computer geniuses to football players and everything in between, and he made some friends, such as Kevin, Charlie and Benny, who have by now become family – a family who also includes his former art and music teacher, Mrs. Moseley, now just Missouri, who is the closest thing Dean’s ever had to a mother.
Dean smiles in response, and gets up with both grace and eagerness, clearly happy to move things along too.
“But I love foreplay.” That’s definitely Cas’s pouty voice and Dean hates to deprive his boyfriend of something he wants, but he’s getting desperate. Well,
“I want to live and work with you every day, and do what we can to help our community and, then, one day, I want us to retire and move to a little house on the beach, where we can have lazy and boring old men sex and dip our toes in the sand while we sit by the sea.”
All because he had chosen to “do penance” instead of acknowledging and rewarding Dean’s hard work to get them both out. “I planned to stay all along, I just didn’t know how to tell you”, Castiel had confessed to him. Only to be haunted, from that moment on, by Dean’s distraught expression when he realized Castiel had deliberately lied to him. Or, at the very least, withheld vital information. “You can’t save everyone my friend, though you try” Castiel had added, as a final attempt at making Dean understand the blame fell entirely with Castiel, not with the hunter.
Their pants get shed too, and Castiel loves to see how they’re both hard in their boxers. He knows he’s getting impatient again, but he honestly can’t spend as much time on Dean’s lower body as he did with his upper body. Not when Dean’s hips and cock are so close to be finally revealed to him. He’s gonna give Dean’s feet and legs and thighs all the attention they deserve next time – if he’ll be granted the privilege to have Dean like this again. But he can’t restrain himself now, he needs to see those boxers go.
“Your True Mate,” a deep voice that sounded how smokey whisky feels going down your throat answered.
After some time, he heard Cas asked shyly “Dean.. don’t you want to... you know, fuck me? You can, I’m all ready.”
at least a couple of times a year, every year. Dean’s as curious as he is hot with jealousy at the prospect of asking Cas if Balthazar ever succeeded in convincing him, but he doesn’t have to. Cas turns to Dean and makes a point to watch him straight in the eye when he says “I never partook though. I’m strictly monogamous, you see, and I do not particularly love sleeping around.”
Dean cannot keep on rambling for much longer. It would be just great if Cas could do him a solid and
He forces himself to put down his phone and not reply to Dean’s text until he’s done with work and can finally leave the office. If he replies now, he knows all too well how that will turn out: he’ll leave at 6 rather than at 4 because they’ll start texting back and forth and Castiel will get distracted and that will slow him down.
All the while Castiel can’t help eye fucking Dean. He’s totally aware that’s what he’s doing. He even tried not to do it at first, he really wanted to have a quiet conversation while they ate and get to know Dean a little bit better still. But by all the gods past, present and future, in this universe and every other, is Dean beautiful. And when he’s animated, as he clearly is now as he talks about his nerdy passions, his beauty trespasses into gorgeousness and it’s all Castiel can do not to yank him forward on his lap and demand Dean ride him like his life depended on it.
While the kids sleep, Cas focuses on tidying up and taking care of their two four-legged children’s dinner, while Dean takes care of dinner for both the big and the tiny humans.
Cas loves this man so much. Every single cell of Cas’s body, soul and mind is in love with every single cell of Dean’s body, soul and mind. Always.
, so he can go downstairs and check his car and, in the unlikely event Cas might actually be right, go to the hotel where he’s left Cas earlier and bring him his precious papers. If it turns out he was right, as he expects, he’ll be a good, understanding boyfriend and won’t rub it in, but he also won’t be lying when he tells Cas that he checked and no papers were left in his pride and joy. Lying to Cas is a line Dean doesn’t really want to cross, like
Dean was mesmerized when he swiped his thumb over Cas’s bottom lip where it was stretched around his cock and said “You are so beautiful Cas. Absolutely stunning. I am so, so lucky. Say it, Cas. Say you’re beautiful, and that you’re absolutely stunning with my cock in your mouth.”
Eyes fixed on Novak, who’s looking back at Dean through the mirror in front of him, Dean opens the door to one of the stalls – thank goodness for how spacious and clean these bathroom stalls are, he thinks distractedly – and he jerks his head. He doesn’t say a word. The sexual tension between them is strong enough and their eye-fucking has been going on for long enough that Dean knows Novak knows what Dean’s asking.
Dean’s second favorite version of Cas. Sprawled and ready-to-be-used Cas remained solidly in the first place.
I told you, eh? You sure you weren’t considering taking a shiny new model for a spin? He certainly is what I no longer am.”
Dean cracked a smile. Cas always knew just what to say. He pressed his forehead against Cas’s, his entire expression beaming. “I love you.”
After dinner and watching some flicks on TV, Sam and Eileen retired for the evening. Then Dean and Cas were alone again. This was when things got a little awkward.
Sam shook his head. “No, it’s not your fault, Jack. Cas was like that. He would never want us to be in pain– He knew what he was doing when he made that deal. I’m sure he thought he could find another way out of that agreement”
God would return and he would destroy them and Dean couldn’t care less. “Nothing,” Dean said. “We’re not going to do a damn thing.”
“I-uh-I’ve never been in a relationship...with uh…” He cleared his throat. “If you want to of course. I  want to be with you, but I don’t have a clue what I’m doing.”
Jack turned back around. “I know. I will try to get Cas back. I know Chuck was able to manipulate the Empty but all of these powers are new to me. Give me some time.”
Slowly, Dean’s head rose to make eye contact with his brother. His red, puffy eyes revealed the emotions he normally would fight to hide. There was no hiding now. He couldn’t bring himself to speak.
The question hung heavily in the air. There was no immediate answer. The three remaining Winchesters remained there for longer than they could count, immobile, feeling the weight of the universe on their shoulders.
Tears welled in Jack’s eyes as he listened to Dean’s admission, but interrupted before Dean could say anything further. “It’s my fault. He did this–He made that deal so it would take him instead of me. He saved both of us. It’s my fault he’s gone.”
Dean was the first to loosen his grip, pulling back just enough to stare into Cas's blue eyes. He then slipped his hands to Cas's cheeks. His darted to Cas's lips and then he leaned in to give him a kiss, a kiss filled with his heart and soul.
Some nights Cas confessed his truth and just as the Empty opened up a portal, Dean grabbed Cas and tackled him out of the way so only Death would be taken.
Sam cleared his throat. "Right, well, I'm sure we can handle that in time now that Jack's got everything under control."
It only took a moment for the shock to wear off before Cas was kissing Dean back in return. It was a slow, passionate kiss of one soul meeting another.
Eileen added, "There are other things too, you know. The holidays are coming up. And this place needs decorations. You can help me pick some out!"
When the last bit of grace had escaped, Dean’s head fell to his chest. After a moment he looked up, panting, his shirt soaked in sweat. He looked as surprised as any of them that he was back (except perhaps Rowena, who mostly looked smug), but Dean said nothing. He just sighed and looked up at the scorched ceiling where Michael’s grace had exited.
Dean groaned and slid out of bed. His back cracked as he stood up, and he winced. He was too young for this. He was technically in great shape, what with the whole constantly running and fighting for his life thing, but recently he could feel his body aging prematurely from years of stress and abuse. Cas said he had to rebuild Dean completely after pulling him out of the pit, but Dean often wondered if his decades in hell somehow still affected him physically. He never told Sammy, but sometimes on hunts he would feel his joints grinding together and have to slow down. Now certainly wasn’t the time to bring it up, because Sam had his own problems. Besides, he would probably give Dean another lecture on the benefits of healthy eating habits.
“No, Dean. I believe you were genuine.” He looked out the passenger window, turning his head away so Dean couldn’t see his face. Dean briefly wondered if he was blushing and was hit with a twinge of satisfaction. “But I know you,” Cas continued. “And I know the patterns of your past relationships. Commitment doesn’t sit well with you.”
Cas narrows his eyes. “…specifically because you thought she and I might have had feelings for one another.”
“I appreciate that, but I don’t know that we can find a way out of this. The Empty is older than God, perhaps older than time itself.”
“That sounds pleasant,” Cas remarked, earning a slight smirk from Sam. He sat down as instructed, and closed his eyes.
“I know, Dean,” I say, though, perhaps aided by my dream, my mind can still manufacture scenarios in which it would.
“Nope,” Dean says. And it’s mostly the truth. Time has always felt a little odd to him since he came back from hell, and he suspects it always will. Forty doesn’t feel too different from thirty-nine, not in the grand scheme of things. He’s used to the surreal feeling of making it to another birthday; each year he lives through (especially
Cas smiles. “Sam said he doesn’t mind if we take the Impala. I can leave my car here in case he needs to go anywhere.”
“Right. A bit of his hair,” Rowena said, gesturing at Dean. “We might have to put out the holy fire, unless one of you would like to walk through it.”
Protecting Dean was not a whim. Cas felt as though the very fabric of reality would unravel if anything happened to him. Well, anything
Cas puts his hand in his pocket, just to have his hand on the box before he starts talking. He clears his throat awkwardly. “You might think this is unnecessary, but I wanted to do it, because… well, I just wanted to. So even if you think it’s just a technicality, or too, um, traditional, I don’t want you to think that it’s too good for you. Because you seem to think a lot of things are too good for you, but they’re not. You’re too good for a lot of things, actually. And I might be one of the things. The things that you’re too good for.” He’s rambling. Dean’s frowning. This is not going the way he rehearsed it a million times in his head. “Anyway, I am a completely changed being because of you, and I never thought I would feel the things I feel now, and I, um…” he trails off as he pulls the box out of his pocket. His hands are shaking, and Dean’s mouth is hanging slightly open, but he keeps going, kneeling down, opening the box and holding it out to Dean. “Will you marry me, Dean Winchester?”
“He was misquoted. Besides, have I not made it clear where my loyalties lie? I have been rebelling against heaven for you for years. This is no different.”
She hesitates, and seems to consider it, but Dean and Cas say “No,” in unison. Jack’s been trying to worm his way into going on hunts lately, but as long as he’s in his weakened state, no one wants to risk his safety. He may be smart and brave, but he’s also young, inexperienced, and reckless.
anything, he hasn’t confessed his undying love, it’s just that he’s so damn easy to read that he didn’t really have a chance of hiding it. Besides, he’s still finding it difficult enough to breathe, let alone speak.
“I know. I mean, he didn’t literally kidnap you or anything. But according to these” – she held up a
Cas sighs. “If my presence disturbs you, Dean, I will go elsewhere.” He starts to get up from his chair, but Dean places a hand on his shoulder and gently pushes him back down.
Cas starts tucking himself back in and then, cool as a cucumber, says, “Grab your jacket, baby. We’re going out to say goodbye to the party boy. We’ll tell him we had to rush to the restroom because you were feeling sick and that we think your cold might be coming back, so it’s better if we go home.”
Only once he’s satisfied that he’s taken the time to watch all his beautiful boy has to offer from head to toe, he gives his first order.
, Dean,” Cas says as his mouth starts kissing and nibbling along Dean’s jaw and neck, “I wanna do so many things to you-“
Something flashes through Dean’s features, there and gone, again. If Castiel had to bet, he’d bet on surprise this time. But Castiel has nothing to wager, so. Whatever it is Dean is thinking, he seems to finally make a decision. He seems resigned when he says “You’re not taking advantage, I’m offering,” as a sort of last ditch attempt.
First of all, that wasn’t true. There were still five minutes to go. Secondly, what the fuck? Since when did Dean get treated like that?
mentioned breakfast the previous night, but Castiel hadn’t dared hope. Better to have low expectations than fierce disappointment. The street sure is a generous teacher. And Castiel needs to at least remind Dean he doesn’t see that as a given. He’s been way kinder than Castiel could have ever hoped for. What he’s already done is so much more than enough. He’s done more than letting him take a shower, feeding him a good meal and offering him a comfortable bed. He’s respected him, helped him without asking for anything in return, anything at all, treated him like a
And then they’re staring at each other like nothing else exists in the world. They do that a lot. Castiel hopes they’ll never stop. So does Dean.
“Is everything alright, Jack?” a deep voice that goes straight to Dean’s cock says and Dean turns toward the direction the sexy voice came from to find the most beautiful man he’s ever seen squinting at him as if he could smite Dean with the force of his look. Dean’s first conscious thought is ‘If Jack has a father, why is he living in the street?’, because damn if this guy here isn’t the spitting image of the kid, and the second is ‘Can you please be into guys and, more specifically, into me?’
Since that first, blissful morning, Dean has taken his sweet time having breakfast and chatting with Castiel. He never seems to be in a hurry, which Castiel attributes to him being his own boss and thus being able to schedule his working day as it best fits his needs. And his needs seem to revolve around slowly but surely eating every kind of food and drink they serve – he even confessed to be trying hot tea with honey for the first time in his life and liking it far more than he thought he would – and getting to know Castiel. Because their conversations are never purposeless. On the contrary, they’ve talked about one thing they like or dislike a day. If music was the topic of conversation Dean chose on day two, his car was the topic of day three. It didn’t take Castiel much to connect the dots, even though he’s pretty sure his brain melted a little when he realized that
Finally, I know the situation is anything but easy and safe in the USA atm, and I hope that all my North American fellow fans are as safe as they can be. I'm with you all in spirit guys (and with what I can do from overseas) and I send you all my love and support.
When Dean does, Castiel groans and his hold on his boy’s hair tightens without a conscious decision on his part, which makes Dean hum, and the pleasure the resulting vibrations cause spreads from Castiel’s dick down to his toes. He doesn’t plan to be too rough tonight, even though feeling, watching and hearing Dean choke on his dick is one of the things Castiel loves the most in life, but he can’t help to start guiding the motion of Dean’s head a bit and letting his hips thrust up minutely to amplify the pleasure of the slide of his cock going in and out of his boy’s mouth.
He pushes himself back up and starts fucking Dean slowly, while his hands roams over his body, caressing skin, grabbing flesh, kneading muscles.
They were probably both thinking about what a big leap into the void this was for the both of them, Dean muses now. Jimmy
“And once I found the courage to admit that to myself and others, it didn’t take too much introspection to also admit that it was you the one who made me realize that. Even though I didn’t have the guts to admit it at the time and acted like an unforgivable jerk about it.”
idea,’ his brain reminds him immediately), the smile Dean hopes Cas might wear when seeing those objects is the one
He should, however, have enough time to ask Cas where he wants to take things from here. He won't leave this apartment before he knows that.
His husband’s chuckle is also the most beautiful sound in the world. Dean’s life is filled with most beautiful sounds and he’s so, so grateful for it.
“But you’re going to be good and wait for me to give you permission to come, aren’t you, Little Alpha?”
Somehow, Castiel lets the nickname slide without correcting Dean. He doesn’t seem to have noticed the misstep, which means he’s relaxed over dinner and isn’t carefully controlling each of his words or actions. Which, in turn, means Dean’s words and actions
“That fucker of your boss was onto you because he’s a narrow minded, ignorant prick, and he would have found some shitty excuse sooner or later anyway. And the people in your life who didn’t take the time to really get to know you and appreciate you for who you are, and dropped the ball when you turned out to be different from the image they had of you, weren’t people you could have built any healthy, meaningful relationship with. Those who want you to be like
Castiel hated hearing her cry like that over the phone. He had known that that Carl guy was trouble all along.
been Dean’s most secret dream. But not even in his wildest dreams could he have come up with someone as incredible as Cas. So beautiful and hot, with the most perfect scent Dean’s ever smelled in his life, combined with a personality which is as enticing as it is endearing – a perfect mix of clever sassiness and dry humor, of strength and sweetness, of naivety and determination.
"Once I’m done, I’ll clean us up and we’ll spend some time on the couch catching up on our show. And your pretty mouth will warm my cock for as long as I want. Until I’ll feel like using my whore again. That's when you’ll get me hard with your perfect cocksucking lips so I can fuck your mouth and come down your throat."
Logically, Dean knows all of this, and that's why he shouldn't want to put his hands around Samandriel's throat and squeeze until his eyes roll back in his skull every time he sees the kid.
The lyrics caught Castiel’s attention and brought him back to reality. This song was much slower than the one he was listening to before his mind decided to wonder back to the morning Maggie taught him about Spotify. It was… comforting. Castiel had noticed most slow songs were sad. This one seemed to mean to convey hope instead. The possibility of new beginnings, better beginnings, after dark times. “After the storm” was the phrase most commonly repeated, and Castiel had learnt that usually meant it was the title of the song. He hoped it was, in this case. It was fitting. Castiel hoped it would be fitting for him and Dean too. He really, truly hoped the storm was behind them. That they could finally have times when no tears would need to be shed, and they could enjoy some sunshine raining down on the flowers. That Dean would let Castiel’s grace enter his heart, like Castiel had let Dean’s soul enter his. That their love wouldn’t break Dean’s heart, or Castiel’s, any longer, but it would help their fears dissipate.
For a moment there, when Dean asked Castiel to stop while they were on the couch, Castiel thought that desperation had been the biggest mistake of his life. He was terrified that doing what he had done, towering over Dean like that and basically forcing him to sprawl down for him, had made Dean mad and given him the impression that Castiel was only interested in fucking him and was simply taking it for granted that Dean would put out.
“No, I’m not. But I was hoping that might change and I could start seeing you. I would like to take you out to dinner, even right now, if you’ll let me.”
Once they’ve both stopped panting, Dean lifts his head and enjoys the view of his boyfriend sated face smiling back at him. They grin stupidly at each other and start kissing, slowly, unhurriedly, sweetly, just lips locking with lips while they enjoy the afterglow.
Dean whines and brings his hand to his erection, eyes on his Dom, his beautiful lips parted while he pants.
“Would you, um, be amenable to do this again tomorrow evening?” Castiel had asked when it became clear the long working day was finally taking its toll and their evening together was about to end.
Right. Being boyfriends meant cuddles were also included in the package. Dean was starting to like this boyfriend thing more and more.
Castiel doesn’t get to finish his sentence before Dean throws his head back and laughs loudly. “Oh man, I thought I’d never hear you swear! I didn’t think you even
He really doesn’t have any good excuse for lying to Dean’s face for days on end, if not his own selfishness. He’ll just have to be strong enough and face the music he himself started playing.
His spiraling thoughts sour his mood enough that he doesn’t think he can – or should – keep talking with Dean tonight. He might say or do something he could regret. So he uses the long working week as the excuse to bid him an early good night and switches off the phone.
“That’s.... that’s actually a great idea, Dean. I hadn’t thought about that. I... don’t know how to thank you.”
It all happened in a flash. One moment Dean was watching Castiel watch him with wide eyes and mouth opening and closing like a fish’s, and the next he had him crowded against the lockers at his back, enjoying how Castiel was frozen on the spot, clearly meaning to let Dean set the pace, while his Adam’s apple bobbed to swallow his shock.
“I’m sorry for lying about the papers,” Cas says, totally serious all of a sudden and making sure their eyes lock. “I hate lying to you, but,” he drops his gaze and bits his lower lip, a show of regret in complete contrast with his demanding attitude one second ago. “I wanted to surprise you,” he concludes, his big blue eyes earnest and pleading, as if he was really worried Dean might seriously be upset with him.
They very much stand by the rule of not keeping what they don’t use and can donate –  including their time, since they now both volunteer with an association that brings homeless people food and drinks at night, with the garden-fresh veggies the Winchester Singer family are unable to eat being used for some of those dishes too.
turn you down. You have a home here whenever you want. I did pass by your spot before coming back home because I could tell tonight would be freezing outside, but you weren’t there, so I thought you were at the shelter.”
Letting Dean go a second time is not an option. He’s keeping Dean close this time. He’s giving Dean everything he might want and need, so Dean won’t ever need to look anywhere else.
The argument’s getting very old and tedious very fast, the only choice left to Dean being making sure Cas never goes there without him and glaring at Samandriel whenever Cas is distracted. And the damn kid has the guts to glare back. Dean totally knows his endgame, Samandriel knows that Dean knows, yet he's nothing if not persistent. If the whole ruse wasn't about the most important person in Dean's life, he would honestly appreciate the kid's perseverance and clearly excellent taste. As it is, Dean needs to restrain himself from punching the smug smirk Samandriel gets whenever Cas smiles sweetly back at him or compliments his work ethics or some equally annoying shit. Cas is just too good for this world and doesn't realize he's the damn exception and not the rule.
Dean’s eyes on him. He can only imagine what those green eyes are seeing right now. Cas, completely naked, clearly aroused, loving to be so subservient to his boyfriend, sitting down and in the process of removing his boots and socks, while Dean sits comfortably on the couch, enjoying a glass of wine and looking his fill of the man who’s offering all of himself to him. Cas is well past half hard now.
He paused as though waiting for a reaction. Dean wasn’t sure where this was going, so he could not provide one.
“But you’ve never been with someone who understands the whole hunting thing. Cas lives it. He gets it. So if you had to take off for a job, he wouldn’t flip out. He’d probably go with you.”
Once in the car, Cas spoke again. “She’s human. But I’m guessing you gathered that from your search of the apartment.”
“I’m talking about the things you almost say but never do. The things you leave open to interpretation.” Cas leaned into Dean’s ‘personal space’ to emphasize his point.
Talking about the hunt appeared to make Dean feel better. Cas sat next to him at the kitchen table while he drank his beer and relayed the story of the hunt to Sam and Charlie (leaving out, of course, any parts about sharing a bed with Cas or slapping his ass in front of motel clerks). Sam and Charlie each had a beer as well, and sat across from Dean and Cas, listening intently.
“Alright, Cas,” Dean says. “I’ll adopt your adopted daughter. But nothing’s going to happen to you.”
They checked in at a sleazy motel a few blocks from the bar they would be investigating. Dean had to do an internal run through of Zeppelin song titles in alphabetical order to prevent himself from reaching across the counter and punching the clerk, who had definitely smirked when Dean handed him his credit card. Dean knew that smirk. He was ashamed of himself for it, but he had definitely given it to a few guys in the past. Castiel seemed oblivious to it, so Dean bit his tongue and gave the dude a sarcastic smile when he handed the card back with the room key. As they were leaving the lobby, Dean gave Cas a good slap on the ass and turned to wink at the clerk, just as a final
Once Dean has his coat on, he says, “Let’s roll,” and starts making his way to the garage, Cas following shortly behind him.
“Hello, Sam. No, you’re not fine. I agree with Dean, maybe you should sit this one out. Yes, I’ll watch him.” He chuckled. “No tequila. Got it. Bye, Sam.” He hung up the phone, looking amused.
Dean snorts. Cas has always been a sarcastic bastard, but living among humans in the modern age has provided him with more material for his dry humor. “Fine,” Dean says, “if you’re awake in an hour, wake me up.”
“We’d be interested in any information you have about them as well,” Cas said. “But we’d like to start with Nick. We feel his case may be related to the recent homicides.”
He was interrupted by the whooshing sound of wings, and Cas appeared next to him. “Hello, Dean.” After a moment of prolonged eye contact the angel seemed to notice Sam was in the room. “Hello, Sam. Thank you for the advice. I am feeling much better now.”
Cas frowned. “My research indicated that yellow roses signify friendship to humans. I was simply trying to express that sentiment.”
“Well, let’s go tell him the good news. And after that, my shower offer still stands.” He throws Cas a wink.
“Yeah, well, I’m sorry if this shatters your worldview, but people aren’t completely defenseless without you, you know.”
He didn't mention it to Dean the next morning, but in the last moment before falling asleep, Castiel felt the kiss that Dean pressed gently into his hair.
A whoosh of wings later, Cas was in the passenger seat, eyeing Dean with the kind of caution that was rare for him. It was only in the most vulnerable moments of their relationship that Castiel had ever shown any real unease in his direction, and each time it happened, Dean was both surprised and humbled. It was unbelievable to him that an Angel of the Lord could possibly feel afraid of him, to any degree. He knew, on some level at least, that it was because he had the power to devastate Cas emotionally. Cas had given him that power a long time ago. Dean only hoped the angel understood that the reverse was true as well.
Sam bit the inside of his mouth to stifle his oncoming grin into an only slightly more reserved smile.
Dean willed himself not to look up, but he couldn’t resist the pull. He met the unbelievable blue of his angel’s eyes–
Cas tells Dean all about the cabin while he packs. Two acres of land, right on the water, with a dock and everything. It’s been a relatively mild winter, but he advises Dean to pack lots of layers, just in case they get snow. “There’s a full kitchen, and it’s stocked,” he says, “so we won’t have to worry about food.”
?” Cas looks as if someone’s just told him that his entire existence has been a giant hallucination.
“Well, Carver Edlund – or Chuck, or whoever – is a good writer. A good prophet? Let’s not get into that. My head always hurts when I think about that meta stuff.”
“No, Dean. That’s what you’ve been told, but you are a whole person. You are allowed to exist outside of your role as protector.”
Dean continued to eye his brother with suspicion as he cut into his eggs. The yolks ran and he scraped at them with the edge of his fork. The refrigerator hummed.
Sam tried to interject, but Dean slammed his fist against the cabinet. Sam jumped, and Dean felt a sliver of guilt settling in his chest. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself.
Dean stared blankly at his brother. “So, we close the gates and what? I get a job? Buy a house? You go back to school?”
And now Cas was here again, lying by omission, hiding his deal with the Empty. Worse, Jack had been dragged into the lie.
Cas shrugs, as if it’s not a literal life or death question. “I don’t feel the way I felt when I was running on borrowed grace, if that’s what you’re asking. I just feel like I’m becoming more human.”
Cas worked mechanically, first carrying Dean down the stairs and through the winding corridors to the dungeon. He half-kicked a chair into the center of the room, and placed Dean down in it. Dean’s shoulders slumped, so Cas leaned him back, letting his head fall forward to his chest. Next, Cas checked that the handcuffs were still secure. He was half waiting for the other shoe to drop, for the handcuffs to melt off Dean’s wrists like butter, giving way to Michael’s disdainful laugh. But still they held.
Dean pulled his right hand off the steering wheel and flexed it, hissing as his muscles clenched up. Usually he could drive for hours without getting a hand cramp, but when he got tense, he gripped the wheel until his knuckles were white and his tendons locked. He had done some research about trigger finger, and because the condition was most common in “people whose work or hobbies require repetitive gripping actions,” Dean had no idea whether he had damaged his hand working on cars, driving, or holding a gun every damn day of his life – which would be pretty funny considering the name
, but maybe the poor guy didn’t want to feel whatever it was. Just yesterday – God, was that really yesterday? – he had expressed fear about diving into whatever this was. The last thing Dean wanted to do was freak him out even more.
Cas turns around to look at him. “I just want to experience Christmas the way humans experience it. And I think part of that means enjoying the festivities with loved ones.”
Dean was feeling increasingly uncomfortable with this conversation, but he knew it needed to happen.
“Believe me,” said Cas, “I’ve experienced your power firsthand.” He remembered her attack dog spell and its aftermath vividly.
“Sure. Give me just one sec.” She slid a beer to an older guy who was sitting at the end of the bar and took his empty shot glasses. After depositing them in the sink, she came back to where Dean and Cas were waiting and leaned on the counter. “What do you want to know?”
Dean has to stop outside the barn; wait and just fucking learn how to breathe all over again. He has to fight it down, the sick, bone deep fear of what they’re going to find inside.
“Why would he get suspicious about that, but not about you not wanting him around while you exercise?”
Shove it down, fucking bury it, because if you stop still for one second to think about this, it’s gonna take you down.
He picks up the shin, for want of a better weapon, and he brandishes it around threateningly, daring anything hidden to come out and get him.
“You do not get to complain that no-one else uses the kitchen if you’ve cordoned it off and peed in every corner.” Sam says.
He’s feeling…uneasy suddenly, and he isn’t sure why. Just a faint undercurrent, something subtle and ephemeral that he can’t quite pin down.
Cas hisses, and yeah, it’s a low blow. Sam kinda hates himself for it. But sometimes you gotta – yeah.
“I’m debating as to whether you deserve a bed, or whether I’m just going to fuck you right here on the kitchen tiles.”
The only thing left to do is say goodbye to Sam and Jack. He’s not looking forward to it. What if Jack asks questions? What if Sam teases him? Ordinarily, a little teasing from his little brother is the least of Dean’s worries, but he’s sensitive about the topic of his relationship with Cas, and he just hopes Sam won’t take advantage of that.
Almost. But there’s something about Dean standing there in his beat-up jeans with dirt all over him and a smudge of grease on his cheek that makes Cas think that now is the right time. Because Dean’s never been one for things being clean or perfect, and their relationship certainly never has been either of those. This is the Dean that Cas loves, the Dean who sings when he thinks no one is listening, and gives forehead kisses after only hours apart, and wants to shower together, and pours his heart and soul into his car, and has that stupid look on his face, and manages to look beautiful while he’s covered in dirt and grime.
“Certainly not on his own,” Rowena added. She was already cleaning up her workspace, packing her belongings away into her bag.
P.S. There was a duplicate chapter before, for some reason (I guess the site decided to post one chapter twice), so thanks to everyone who pointed that out. It should be fixed now.
He stood behind Dean (mostly for his own protection, in case Michael were to wake up) and maneuvered Dean’s right wrist so that it was flush with the arm of the chair. He looped the cable tie around Dean’s wrist, just below the handcuffs, then around the arm of the chair, and threaded the end through. He gritted his teeth as he tugged until there was no slack. He repeated the action with Dean’s other wrist, then knelt to fasten his ankles to the chair as well. It did occur to him how futile this seemed, binding an archangel’s wrists to a chair. Even surrounding Michael in a circle of holy fire, the next order of business, would not necessarily harm him, merely dissuade him. But Cas knew they had to take every possible precaution – anything that could slow Michael down, even for a split second, could only help them.
She shrugged. “I’m good at reading people. And you two have been doing this for so long that you can’t see past your own crap anymore. Maybe I should move in and be your full-time therapist,” she added with a smile.
“I’ve been a real dick, okay? I know you don’t have to do any of this shit for us. You do  it because we’re family. And I know I act like I take it for granted, but… what I’m trying to say is, I don’t. I don’t take you for granted.”
“I had faith in you Dean. I always do,” Cas said, and a light blush rose to Dean’s face at the words. “But I was still afraid. You are…” He paused, hesitating. “You are more important to me than I can say.”
“You have nothing to apologize for. We got you out, that’s all that matters.” Still, a question burned on his tongue. He almost choked it down, but his curiosity got the better of him. “Although… right before Michael left, he said… something about going through more doors. What was in there that he wanted me to see?”
Sam was thinking of a good way to get the conversation back on track when they both heard the somewhat muffled sound of wings. They looked at each other for a brief moment, then got up and opened the door. They walked the length of the hallway with matching strides, exchanging a concerned look when the sound of wings came again, and this time faded. They reached the main room and were instantly hit with the pleasant smell of baked goods.
“No, but there should be a space heater in the closet if I remember correctly. I’ll go get our bags.”
Cas didn’t answer. They didn’t have a choice. He grabbed Dean by the arm and waded toward the sign. He could barely make out the outline of a door at the end of the hallway, faintly illuminated by the sign above it. He had the fleeting, selfish thought that if this was a trap, if Michael had fabricated this as a way to capture the both of them, it wouldn’t be so bad to be locked away with Dean. It would certainly be better than losing him.
“That’s not what I’m saying. I’m saying you need to find a way to be angry and functional at the same time.”
At the checkout stand, the cashier lets out a soft laugh when she sees what they’re purchasing. “I’ve seen this combination many times,” she says. “One of you guys is a really great boyfriend.”
“Find out who it is, salt and burn the bones. If that doesn’t work, we look for an object it could be attaching itself to and get rid of that.”
“They would be the most poorly behaved children ever,” Charlie said, breaking out into laughter. “Apocalypse 2.0!”
Logically, it makes sense. If she had an issue with it, she probably wouldn’t treat Cas like family.
A part of Sam wanted to tell her to forget it, that she didn’t even know the right places to look for the info they needed, that he had already looked a thousand times and hadn’t found anything. But he could already feel the tide coming in again. His eyelids fluttered, his energy drained from his excursion to the front door and the effort it took to eat, and though he was still hot and sweaty from his fever, the weight of the blankets against his body was nice.
It was oddly familiar to Dean, the way the angel looked at him in that moment. He soon realized that he had seen it in small doses many times, in glances cut short by impending mortal peril or perhaps by self-control on Cas’ part. Seeing it now was captivating and slightly unnerving. It was like hearing a different version of a favorite song.
Dean looks to where Claire’s hand is splayed across her lower abdomen – less casually than she had hoped, apparently – and a look of recognition crosses his face. “Hey,” he says. Once she meets his gaze, he asks, “You okay?”
Dean clears his throat, like that’ll erase how pathetic he just sounded a moment ago. “I’d feel better about it. You know, just in case. There are always psychos out there.”
Dean shook his head. “Maybe this is it, Cas. Maybe after everything, after all you did for us and everyone we lost, this is just how it’s gonna be. Me and Michael, just like he wanted. Even if it isn’t the same version of him.”
“Are you ready to go? Where’s Sam?” Cas says, his tone of voice almost comically serious considering his current wardrobe choices.
He didn’t even get any weird vibes from the apartment. It wasn’t messy, but it was lived in, not operating-room-sterile like some of the places Dean had done interviews in before. With all his experience, Dean had learned that if the house was a total wreck, that could be a sign of a monster that doesn’t care enough to pick up after itself, but if things were too spotless, that could be bad news too. Some monsters think they’d fit in better if they look all Stepford. But Tammy’s place just looked like someone lived there and didn’t have time to constantly clean. Fair enough.
Dean wiped his lips with the back of his hand. “Does that answer your question?” he asked, looking too smug for his own good.
It was just past midnight when Cas heard the TV turn on in Dean’s room. Dean had been asleep for almost eight hours, and Cas had forced himself to stay away until he knew for sure that he was awake. Cas tiptoed down the hall, careful not to wake Sam and Jack, who had both gone to sleep around ten o’clock. He gently knocked three times on Dean’s door.
“I’m saying I love you, you son of a bitch. And it scares the hell out of me. So if you don’t feel the same way, please just do us both a favor and zap yourself back to the bunker and pretend I never said anything.” Dean tries to ignore the adrenaline rushing through his system, and braces himself for rejection.
