More and more voices and arms joined the maul, someone possibly even kissing his cheek at one point, before the referee’s whistle invaded their revelry, urging play to continue.
“That’s not even-” John snarled, stepping forward, eyes flashing, but Sherlock interceded, stepping out from under Harry’s arm.
John laughed as he opened the door. “Come on, she’s waiting,” he said, beckoning Sherlock out into the corridor with a nod.
“Hey, John?” she beckoned, and the man eagerly turned toward her, eyes bright and expectant. “Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine.”
“Know him from rugby,” John explained, pausing at a pedestrian crossing as a group of students wobbled past. “He lives with some other guys on the team.”
“What are you up to?” he hissed, and Molly tilted her head at him, a coy gesture in direct opposition to the shrewd glint in her eyes.
John wasn’t aware his face shifted at all, but the flutter in his chest must have shown somehow because Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock studied him closely, currently green-tinged eyes glinting, and John wondered what he must look like to Sherlock, his face spread out in a map of small expressions that led all the way to the darkest corners of his thoughts.
“You want anything?” he called, Sherlock humming a negative he presumably understood, reappearing several minutes later with only one cup. He hovered at the edge of the coffee table, glancing back at his chair with indecision, but Sherlock slid down the sofa, tugging his chips over and readjusting his blanket. John nodded, lowering himself down onto the cushions, but kept tight to the armrest, chancing furtive glances at Sherlock as he sipped his tea.
“Sherlock-” John started, and then fell silent as Sherlock ripped back the cover page of the report, his eyes falling on the series of lines and check boxes marred by Mr. Hooper’s nearly illegible handwriting.
Motionless, he stared down at the floor, and then, dragging in a much-needed breath, he lifted his chin, dropping his phone back to the table and boxing yet another bulging bag of emotion away as he slumped toward his chair. His attention was diverted, however, by a sound from downstairs—two muffled pops followed by a heavy thud.
Their hands pulled apart, Sherlock eyeing Greg curiously a moment before a hesitant laugh hissed over his teeth. “Er…thank you?” he replied, shooting John a quizzical look, but John avoided his gaze, turning his face up to the sky and asking God to look away when he murdered Greg later. “I, um, haven’t heard anything about you either.”
“Of course, cologne is a terrible accelerant, and the man woke up before the fire or smoke inhalation got to him, but- Well, I suppose it made me curious,” he continued, shrugging against John’s arm, his voice growing quiet, clearly wary of John’s response. “I wanted to know if there
There was a rustle of tearing paper, followed swiftly by an overdramatic gasp Sherlock had been waiting for, sighing heavily as he twisted around.
“This!” he exclaimed, thrusting the image into John’s face, and the blond recoiled a moment before drawing nearer, eyes widening in recognition. “Did you send me this?” Sherlock demanded, and John’s mouth moved silently a moment before he closed it, swallowing as he nodded.
Greg beamed, pulling Molly’s chair—beside him, of course—out for her. “Her Majesty thought it may be more…comfortable for everyone if myself and Mike were here.”
“Nothing,” John panted, shaking his head as he waved a hand in dismissal. “Nothing, it’s just- That was
“I’m sorry, I-” He paused, a great gulp of air whistling out of his mouth as a floorboard creaked at Sherlock’s back. “I find it difficult. This- This sort of thing.”
“You didn’t,” he assured, shifting his weight as he curled his legs in tighter. “I’ve been up since 1.”
“You don’t remember?” he said, hoping to hide most of his tension with a sip, and John shrugged, placing the French press back on the counter and returning to his seat.
The crowds of shoppers, so loathsome mere hours ago, were now a source of infinite amusement, Sherlock taking great delight in deducing what was in each and every one of their shopping bags. The lights wrapped around lampposts and strung over the streets were no longer a migraine waiting to happen, and instead seemed to drape over them like a canopy of daytime stars, flickering and flashing as a layer of pure white snow fell atop everything, softening the concrete edges of the city.
“Kidnapping?” John echoed, blinking up at the side of the man’s face. “How the hell’d you get involved with that?”
Mycroft was still a moment, and then hissed out a trembling sigh, stepping closer before lowering himself to perch on the edge of the sofa beside him. “Sherlock, if you never listen to another word I say,” he began, and Sherlock couldn’t look at him, focusing back down at the jacket instead, “at least hear this.” He paused, clearly waiting, and, after a moment, Sherlock tilted his face just enough to peer up at his brother through his lashes. Mycroft tipped his head further into his view, tone dropping low with sincerity. “I was wrong,” he said, the words barely more than breath, and, dimly, Sherlock recognized the unprecedented nature of the sentiment, but he didn’t have it in him to care, and instead dropped his face away, crushing his eyes shut. Mycroft didn’t say any more, merely stood, grazing a hand over Sherlock’s shoulder before moving toward the door, and Sherlock did not open his eyes until he heard his footsteps reach the bottom of the stairs.
“Well, er...goodnight,” John muttered, fingers twitching at his side, and Sherlock nodded, forcing himself to hold John’s gaze.
.” The word was practically spit out, and a drop or two may have actually landed on John’s face, but the fairer-haired boy didn’t flinch.
When he did, it was first in the form of a tremulous moan vibrating through his throat, and then he tilted his head, his tongue swirling back against Sherlock’s with dizzyingly perfect pressure. One hand fell on Sherlock’s waist, slipping beneath his coat to grip against the navy fabric beneath, and the other crept up his chest, drifting toward his shoulder, where it would no doubt flit off into Sherlock’s hair, twisting in and pulling him where he saw fit, but Sherlock wasn’t quite so willing to yield today.
“Everyone’s an idiot to you,” John chuckled, flashing a smile down at him as he turned back through the pages from the torn piece of notebook paper he was evidently utilizing as a bookmark.
“Oh, god,” John groaned, wilting down into the blankets to hide his burning embarrassment in the cotton, but he couldn’t escape the recollections.
Suddenly, Anderson began laughed, throwing his head to the ceiling as he shook his head. “Seriously!?” he sputtered, looking incredulously between them all. “We’re supposed to
Finally, he closed his mouth, lips forming a fond smile as he shook his head gently at the detective. “Just bludgeon Anderson,” he advised, moving back to sit on the floor behind his laptop. “I’m gonna cue up the episode.”
“Sherlock!” John interjected, and the man fell silent, ducking his head with heavy breaths. “Sherlock,” he repeated, softer this time, but the boy did not look up, only shifted his gaze to the side and swallowed. John reached across, tangling his fingers within the paler ones. “You don’t have to worry about that,” he assured. “I’m pretty much game to kiss you whenever you like,” he added with a smile, and a slit of grey peered up through dark lashes. He turned Sherlock’s hands over in his, reaching around with his thumbs to stroke at the palms. “And you certainly don’t have to ask first. I mean, you’re my
“Please. That man can barely find potassium on a periodic table, let alone find an appropriate use for it.”
Mycroft looked down at him, gaze unwavering, a pained creased between his brows as his jaw shifted, and all the air left Sherlock’s lungs, quivering away over his lips.
He was two blocks away before the gravity of the situation sunk in, and slowed his stride, walking toward the nearest cross street to get his bearings as he thought.
“John, look,” Molly said, casting a brief glance over her shoulder before leaning in toward him again, Mary following suit. “You don’t have to say anything, okay? You don’t- We don’t- We’re not going to-”
People began to trickle out, many students having classes that picked up soon, and, as Irene got up to toss her can and empty crisps bag in the bin, Sherlock took the opportunity to scan the crowd once more, tapping out another message to lure his target into the open.
“Are you sleeping with him?” she repeated, cigarette burning away on the ledge. “Because he’s been with a lot of people, Sherlock. You have to be careful.”
Lestrade’s brow furrowed, a puzzled sort of smile curling at his lips. “You came halfway across town on a Saturday night to post bail for a kid you’ve never met?”
Sherlock grimaced in sympathy, his gaze then falling to his hands twisting in his lap. “When do you normally work, then?” he asked, quieter now, and John’s grip tightened on the steering wheel, the innocent question nevertheless sending his stomach into somersaults.
Sherlock snorted. “Don’t be absurd,” he scoffed, watching Mrs. Hudson’s face fall in his peripheral vision as he looked out the window. “Who’d want me for a flatmate?”
It was only a new rug, but it still felt like an invasion, like something he should have been consulted on instead of the powers that be deciding to redecorate in his absence, to transform yet another place into a fresh world he’d never touched. Just as quickly as he’d narrowed his eyes at the intricate red and grey swirls, however, they sprung wide again, his mind finally piecing together why the new rug was there, and his gaze shifted to the spot beside the fireplace where Moran’s body had fallen, something growing cold within him as he stared at the now-clean expanse of floor, all evidence of his crime most certainly washed away.
He hadn’t known what he had been expecting until he didn’t see it, but he was shocked to find a fully functioning bedroom. No organs he’d rather not be able to put a name to sitting on the shelves, no suspiciously sizzling vials suspended over Bunsen burners, no cupboards with yellow tape stretched across the handles. There was simply a wooden chest of drawers, a desk pushed up against the window, a door that looked to lead to a closet, and a double bed draped in a faded, green duvet.
Sherlock said, and then muted the conversation, returning his phone to his pocket as he looked back to John.
“Well, I’ll, er- I’ll leave ya to it,” he muttered, clearing his throat as he waved a hand down between Sherlock and his coffee, and then beat a hasty retreat, disappearing back toward the counter.
John laughed, retracting his hand and letting the menu fall to his side with his arm. “No, ‘fraid not.”
“Ha ha,” Sherlock said without humor, but John laughed, head rolling to the side as the phone pressed warm against his ear.
they had been required to print out before the first class. He reached down, flipping back the top of his messenger bag, but his fingers stalled as he surveyed the contents. Twisting so he could stretch both arms down into the bag, he pulled out two, identical packets, turning them over in his hands as his eyebrows furrowed. One of the packets was suddenly snatched out of his hand, and he twisted back to find Sherlock opening it and flipping through the pages.
“Are you alright?” she asked, her eyes flicking up to the landing behind him. “I-I heard some shouting earlier.”
“You didn’t,” John said softly, shaking his head as he tightened his hold on Sherlock’s hand. “I just- God, this is awkward! Okay.” He turned, angling his body as he pulled Sherlock’s hand atop his thigh, taking it in both of his. “I- There’s not a lot I have to tell you, Sherlock,” he said, tingling over Sherlock’s hand with a grazing touch. “You probably already know what my…
Sherlock lifted his chin, eyes widening as John dropped down into the chair beside him, expression strangely sincere. Sherlock glanced side-to-side, as if hoping the answer would appear from behind a nearby bookshelf. “For what?” he finally asked, and John leaned forward over the table, folding his arms across the surface.
“Sherlock, calm down,” Lestrade urged, lifting his hands, but Sherlock was gone, breath heaving ragged through his lungs and pounding in his ears, and he lunged out an arm to the table, bracing himself as the world spun.
He should be happy, ecstatic even, but he couldn’t stop thinking about Harry. He’d had to leave her behind, leave her to make her own breakfasts and lunches, to get herself to school, to clean the house while their mother snored on the couch, freshly back from yet another attempt to hit every pub in town. He made a mental note to periodically remind Harry about the bin he usually put out by their mother as he tapped out a response.
The Thai food arrived promptly, and was eaten even faster, helped along by John periodically poking Sherlock in the ribs with his wooden chopsticks when the boy would drift away from them, staring listlessly out the window as his forehead creased.
-” He paused, twisting his hand helplessly in gesture over his chest as his mouth floundered. “But then you just…
Sherlock was sitting in the center of the sofa, his legs crossed beneath him as he cradled a mug over his ankles.
. It had evidently been quite the showdown as well, considering the frustration Sherlock could read in his brother’s text.
?” he added, a bit more of his desperation sneaking in than he would have liked, but John couldn’t leave, couldn’t be angry, even though Sherlock couldn’t yet tell him why.
Sherlock watched the realization and regret shift through John’s eyes, his grip tightening on the file in his fingers. Sherlock knew that was not a mistake that awake-longer-that-two-minutes-John would have made, however, and felt the uncharacteristic need to assuage the guilt he could see creeping into the lines around his eyes with a small expression of trust. “14,” he said, answering the question that would never have been asked.
“What?” Lestrade asked, abandoning any effort to intervene as he came up to watch at Sherlock’s shoulder.
Moonlight caught in the facets of John’s glass in amber shards, his expression shadowed as he looked away from the light of the window, but his posture was stiff, voice tight with control as he shifted his weight between his feet.
Sherlock considered a moment, then tipped his head, conceding the point. “Fair enough,” he answered as the elevator chimed down the corridor, quick footsteps closing in on their office door, and Sherlock went to pour himself a cup of coffee, feeling Molly’s eyes burning into the back of his neck.
“For some reason,” John echoed, trying to keep a straight face as he watched Sherlock glare at him in his peripheral vision.
“No!” John persisted, eyes blazing, and Sherlock had never wanted to want to hit someone so badly in his entire life. “For chrissake, Sherlock, can you stop being so bloody stubborn for five seconds and
And Molly—sweet, incredible Molly whom he’d never doubted for a moment—merely shook her head. “Nothing,” she said, “must have been the wind. We can cross now.” She placed a hand over his forearm, gripping just hard enough for the sympathy to be conveyed, and then let the touch glide away as they walked briskly across the street.
John laughed, marveling at how endearing even her confusion was. “You were talking about moving to London,” he reminded gently.
“Right. Well, thanks,” he said, taking one last glance at the seemingly harmless bathroom before taking the door from Sherlock’s hand and closing it.
“Sherlock, stop!” Mycroft shouted, but he paid him no heed, hardly able to even hear the man over his own gasping breaths.
“Okay, um, Sherlock.” John paused, clearing his throat, Sherlock frowning as he tried to listen and count through his breaths at the same time. “First of all, I want to say that I was completely out of line the other day with what I said. While I may give you a
with him, what the hell is wrong with you!? … Yeah, sure, knock yourself out; I’m sure you’ll make his minimum-wage day. ... Alright. …  Yeah, I’ll be there. … Been a delight talking to you too.”
John nodded, perfectly at ease while Sherlock spun down an internal rabbit hole about living in sin. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Yeah, just…work on something else for a while,” he suggested with a small shrug. “Clear your head a bit. Maybe, if you take a step back-”
!” he implored, shaking his head helplessly as he met Sherlock’s eyes. “When I think about losing you, I-”
“Yeah,” John chuckled back, kicking off his trainers and tugging off his coat as he prepared to change.
It was a few moments of unloading pens and notebooks, intending to catch up on his blog, before he noticed Sherlock had gone quiet, and he turned to find the detective standing beside him, twirling an envelope in his hands. He blinked, startled by the sudden proximity, and was about to make a joke about bells or squeakier shoes when he noticed how nervous Sherlock looked, eyes downcast as he nibbled at the corner of his bottom lip.
rocketed across the low table between them, hitting John hard in the side of the head. “You’re lucky that’s a paperback,” he muttered, rubbing at his skull, and Mary stuck out her tongue at him.
He stilled, breaths hissing in frantic gasps as he turned up to his brother’s face, blinking clear his blurry vision.
Again, the response was nearly immediate. Sherlock may be a bit manic, but at least he was punctual.
“Alright,” he acknowledged with a nod, and John ducked his head, taking his leave into the kitchen as Sherlock moved down the corridor. He stopped when he reached his bedroom door, bandaged hand stalling on the handle as he felt a prickling on the back of his neck, and turned just in time to see what he thought was the elbow of John’s jumper disappear from the side kitchen door. Biting his lip to keep his grin from becoming a snicker, he shook his head, shutting himself inside his room and heading straight for the bed, kicking his shoes off along the way.
“Yeah, you, er- You too,” Sherlock replied, smiling sheepishly back at John’s grin, and then abruptly cleared his throat as he caught Molly’s pointed smirk. “Bye,” he muttered, flicking a brief wave before bolting out the door, miraculously catching a London cab in the rain, and then sat in the warm comfort of the backseat, mentally berating himself for waving like a moron as the cab weaved its way back to the lit windows of 221B.
John choked, and they both turned, John bracing himself up on his elbows to better see over Sherlock’s back.
“Well, music is that hour, and they’re just down the hall,” she explained with a shrug, and then returned to writing something in her planner, but John’s curiosity was piqued.
“Wow, that was terrible,” he muttered, eyebrows knitting together. “You must really be sick if your lies are
Sherlock smiled, grabbing another handful of popcorn as he directed his crunching mouth away from the phone that was broadcasting John’s voice on speaker. “But it’s so obvious!” he argued, lifting a hand to the television even though there was no one else in the room. “They are literally the only other things in the room. ‘Oh no, where ever has my friend gone?’” he mocked, scoffing at the frightened blonde protagonist. “And now she’s going to explore. Of course she is. Really, you would think that people would have more common sense than- AH!” Popcorn toppled to the duvet as he jumped, his hands losing their grip, and John’s laughter filled the room, loud where the phone rested on the pillow beside him.
“You were questioning whether Ms. Jones’ wound could still have been self-inflicted in spite of being on the right side of her head,” Sherlock stated stiffly.
“Exactly!” John exclaimed, throwing his hands up toward Sherlock. “I don’t even know,” he murmured, seemingly to himself as he shook his head down at the ground. He then stilled, biting his lip as he plucked at his sheet. “There is…something I’ve been meaning to talk to you about, though,” he muttered, eye contact flickering.
“Ice, John!” Sherlock said, his grin rabid with excitement as he shook John’s shoulders, and then dropped his hands to tug at John’s jacket.
Sherlock clenched his teeth behind tight lips, turning his face as far away from Mycroft as possible.
John stalled halfway through trailing chocolate over a pile of cream, a drop of syrup trembling on the tip of the nozzle as he snapped his face up to Sherlock. “Okay?” he repeated, lifting his brows, and Sherlock swallowed to stave off his throat closing as he nodded.
this!?” he accused, glaring as best he could with tears threatening to spill over his lashes. “Why are you even
“That’s a waste of time,” Sherlock snapped, grabbing a pair himself, and prompting John to do the same. “Going through all those files will take weeks.”
John shrugged, looking down at the buttons of the cash register and nowhere near Sherlock. “I’m just-”
The grand finale, John assumed, as thousands of individual flecks of color twisted and arched across the sky, an avalanche of falling stars. He watched openmouthed as firework after firework burst and ebbed, until finally, as the previous round was fading into a fog, a massive yellow smiley face opened up overhead, fizzing with sparks of gold. John turned to Sherlock, lifting an eyebrow. “A smiley face?”
They both nodded, but John stayed silent, apparently content to now let Sherlock take the lead. “Rob Morgan,” Sherlock said, and Lestrade nodded. This wasn’t entirely unexpected for either of them. “Although, I suspect his real name, or at least another alias, is Sebastian Moran.”
Swallowing hard, he flipped the opposite direction, curling up to breathe in the worn scent of the leather as he pressed his head down into the armrest. His arms folded across his chest, his left hand rubbing absentmindedly at his right forearm as he thought, frowning into the shadow created by the back of the chair.
John chuckled, shaking his head. “Nothing,” he replied, and then reached between them, pulling the book from Sherlock’s hand. “So what part do you need help with?”
Sitting on the edge of his bed, his eyes loosely focused on the tower of incomprehensible papers and books on Sherlock’s desk, he wondered at just how much he didn’t understand about his roommate. The way his moods could shift so drastically was alarming, an out of control rollercoaster, apparently entirely dependent on the progress of his latest case. He wondered if the disappearing was going to be a habit as well, in which case John would have to get a better handle on his natural propensity for worry.
He read it through again. Once more. And then leapt from the sofa, scooping up the laptop with a hiss as his shin slammed into the coffee table in his haste.
to him!” she commanded, glaring shifting to include Sherlock too. “And you neither! I was your friend first, so, rugby teammate or no, this stays between us, alright?”
John blinked down at his lap, uncertain he’d heard right, but, when he looked to Mike, his friend’s soft nod confirmed it.
John nodded, forcing a smile even though he knew the effort was wasted on Sherlock. “Well, have fun,” he bade, and Sherlock gave a soft scoff. “Season of love and goodwill and all that.”
“Fuck,” John breathed, eloquent as ever, but it did prompt a zephyr of laughter from Sherlock’s lips, the air in his lungs growing less heavy. “I mean, that’s- That’s gotta be- Fuck!”
John licked a thick stripe back up the man’s shaft, robbing Sherlock of the last syllable, and then closed his mouth about the heated flesh, bobbing quickly down to the base before lifting back up to tongue at the head.
“You don’t even try!” John shouted, but there was pleading in it in spite of the glare. “You act like you don’t care, like none of it bothers you, but it’s the biggest load of bollocks I have ever seen, so will you just put on a fucking pair of jeans and
“Oi, Stevens!” Lestrade barked, and the man started, fingers slackening in their grip. “Let him through,” the inspector ordered, waving a hand. “He’s with me.”
“It’s the Superman symbol,” he’d attempted to explain, nodding down at the injury. “The only thing that can hurt him is kryptonite, so I figure his plasters have gotta be the best.” He smiled, bright and bold and genuine, and Sherlock’s tongue was paralyzed, unable to muster a response as John shuffled a step back. “Well, er, I’ll…see ya in class,” he’d muttered, and, though all Sherlock had managed was a nod, John’s answering smile was brilliant as he flicked a hand and darted off to join a group of other children at the swings.
“No,” Sherlock answered, watching the back of John’s head as he rolled it back with a laugh. “No, it’s not.”
“He knows,” John said, his voice growing quieter even as it pulled tight. “About-About us. Talked to me about it on the coach.”
“I hope you all kept your gear with you like you were supposed to, but if anyone did leave something with their other luggage under the coach, let me know when we arrive. We won’t be unloading fully until we get to the hotel, so make sure you have everything you need before we go into the locker room,” Coach Powles announced, gripping two seats to hold his balance in the aisle.
“A long time ago,” Sherlock interjected, forcing a melancholy smile to reassure the question had done no harm. “I was nine. My father passed six years later.”
“Not unless you rolled it in frosting first,” he muttered back, and John laughed, tossing a grin over his shoulder, and it was a lucky thing he was still holding onto Sherlock’s hand, because, otherwise, Sherlock may very well have tumbled down the stairs.
He looked uncertainly between the constable and Sherlock for a moment, reading in Sherlock’s frown that he had no idea what John was about to say, hadn’t pieced this bit together yet, which was going to make this all the more difficult. “Last night,” he began, leaning forward over his knees as he spoke directly to Sherlock, “I was wearing your coat.”
Sherlock blinked, words fleeing his brain at the sudden shift of John’s voice. It was quiet, yet bitingly cold, and blue eyes were looking down at him with a similar sharpness.
Sherlock swallowed, blinking at the twinkling silver Christmas tree at the corner of his desk, the red plastic baubles swaying with the vibrations as his foot bounced against the carpet.
Sherlock hesitated, a strange fluttering feeling set loose in his chest, and then nodded, passing the tape across his body as John shuffled between the sofa and the coffee table, taking the bandage from him as he perched on the edge of the cushion, as far away from Sherlock as he could get without climbing onto the arm.
John held up a hand, waving Mary’s apologies away as he stepped next to her. “Don’t worry about it. My fault. I didn’t sleep well last night.” He did not add ‘because I couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock’s fingers when he plays the violin’. He smiled with self-deprecation, and Mary’s mouth lifted to express her sympathy.
Sighing heavily, he shoved his hands in the pockets of his black trousers and began to walk in the direction of what looked like a rather busy cross street. He could probably get a cab there, at least, and hopefully the driver would know where Langley was. The smooth plastic of his phone brushed against his fingers, and he pulled it out, opening the contacts to investigate the new ones Lestrade had entered. The endeavor was cut short, however, as he noticed a new name had been added to his favorites, hovering at the top of the list along with his mother and sister. Chuckling, he clicked the name, opening a text.
He groaned, throwing an arm over his face, as if that thin barrier of flesh and bone could hold back the image. He was just tired, that was all. This was insomnia-fueled distraction, fixation brought on by exhaustion, nothing more. An hour or two of sleep and John would be boring again. But had he even been boring in the first place?
John chuckled. “Well, if I start skulking around in a trench coat, feel free to initiate an intervention.”
.” He snorted, and Moran stayed still and silent, long since passed being offended by such comments. “Victor hasn’t died in some urine-soaked back alley yet, has he?”
Hands shaking, body numb, John dropped back down to the cold leather, staring blankly up at the clouds rolling by overhead as the car made its way toward London.
“Er.” John blinked, mind searching and scanning for the reference this question was supposed to pull up, but he came up empty. “I-I didn’t know we had anything planned.”
can’t go out,” Sherlock clipped, plucking his coat from its hook and shoving his trembling hands through the sleeves. “I can do whatever I like.”
“It’s fine, Sherlock,” John interrupted, but he didn’t sound entirely confident either. “I can handle it,” he amended, and that much, at least, Sherlock believed.
It was one thing to imagine no longer dating Sherlock—although John could only push himself so far as to consider them taking a break, a permanent dissolution of the relationship too much for his already cracking heart to contemplate—but Sherlock leaving entirely, packing his things and abandoning London, the walls of 221B left to hold only memories? John couldn’t imagine it, genuinely couldn’t force his mind to wrap around a world where Sherlock Holmes didn’t leave chemical burns on the kitchen table, didn’t charge into Scotland Yard at least three times a week, didn’t always order the same thing from the same Chinese place and then end up mostly just eating the prawn crackers.
John hesitated in the doorway for a moment, but he supposed there was nothing for it now. He stepped inside, not entirely closing the door behind him.
“Seriously?” the blonde sputtered, raising a brow, and John’s fingers twisted self-consciously into the cuffs of his uniform jumper. “You didn’t notice an upswing in flowers and candy floating around?”
Moran watched him, trying to read the hidden novel he was sure the comment contained, but there was no clarity to be found, and Moran nodded, the only thing he felt he could safely do.
“Okay,” he repeated, barely a breath between them, and John scanned furtively between his eyes, searching for the lie.
“Good, that’s-that’s good,” he answered, voice high and thin, and then they lapsed into silence once more, Sherlock sucking his lips in over his teeth as he rubbed the chapped skin together.
“Um, I-” the man stammered, a telltale flustered expression on his face as he looked frantically over the menu, and John was just opening his mouth to tell him he could come back when Victor spoke out instead.
of his pen, “had you received any threats recently? Noticed anything unusual—strangers lurking about and whatnot?”
Mary huffed, rolling her eyes as if his adherence to the dress code had ruined her whole week, and John turned, quirking a puzzled brow at Sherlock.
Hello all! I don't plan on making these author's note things a regular occurrence, but I just wanted to take a second and thank all of you for reading, commenting, kudos-ing (it's a word now!) and just generally being a phenomenal group.
John snorted bitterly, rattling his head as he slipped off the mattress. “Killjoy,” he grumbled as he passed, but there was a smirk playing at his mouth, and Sherlock just smiled after him as he followed the blond through the doorway into the bathroom. “Fucking hell, is this whole
“If you could, on occasion, pass along information about Sherlock—nothing untoward, nothing you would feel particularly uncomfortable with—just the odd question I would need answered-” Mycroft explained, and John’s fingers tightened against the leather, “I could arrange a fair amount of money to be transferred into your account on, let’s say…a weekly basis.” He smiled as if he had just asked something as innocuously innocent as what John took in his coffee, but John’s blood was boiling.
As if summoned by the mention, Sherlock rounded the corner, back from a trek to the cafeteria with the cardboard carrier of everyone’s beverages, a voyage he always volunteered for in order to escape practice.
fix them, they were still salvageable; it hadn’t all gone up in conflagration. John wasn’t dead, he hadn’t left; Moriarty hadn’t taken anything! Not yet, anyway, the death blow now in Sherlock’s hands to deliver, but he’d be damned if he was going to give anyone that satisfaction, allow their machinations to be the engine that drove John away. No one but him was going to wield that kind of power, and, in spite of what he’d suggested to John, he never intended to use it.
There was no one in the corridors as he sprinted into Kingsley, and he ignored the few startled sputters from the common room as he barreled past. He fumbled with the door handle of his laboratory for a moment, his hands shaking in rebellion against his commands. After an endless second, the door opened, and he stumbled inside, collapsing back against it to close it with a bang. His legs were failing as he crossed to the bathroom, hanging off the doorknob to swing inward with it, falling to his knees with a stab of dull pain against the hard, tile floor. There was barely time to get the lid up on the toilet before the vomit he had been suppressing for dignity’s sake rose in his throat, wracking his body with a choking shudder.
“I don’t always argue with you,” Sherlock muttered, a little sharper than he’d intended out of a panic he couldn’t quite explain.
“That…is unexpected,” he muttered, and John smiled, crossing his ankles as he leaned back against the table.
The basement door closed mere seconds before a knock sounded on the front one, Mrs. Hudson bustling to answer it, no doubt anxious for her deception debut, and Sherlock quickly made himself uncomfortable in his chair, folding his legs and placing a book in his lap, though he was careful to be looking listlessly out the window when the quartet stepped through the door.
“Oh,” Sherlock murmured, brow furrowing as he looked between John and the back of Greg’s head, the man too engaged in what sounded to be a drunken fight over the latest
“Well, they did meet here,” Irene offered, apparently the only person on John’s team, and he waved a hand at her, seconding the point.
including the propolis I told you would improve your lingering blisters because you are too stubbornly invested in so-called “modern medicine” to admit that apiological chemistry is
Planting in front of the empty grate, looking hard at the mantle with Sherlock’s magpie-like collection of oddities and contraband solid objects, with the thick orange and violet city light streaming in like a flood, staining the floor and walls with familiar colours, he tried not to decide whether he was more furious with all of them, or himself. It was a close call.
, then. Someone else: someone completely unknown to Gruener, or Miss De Merville, or conceivably any of their security staff. Someone with a strong enough moral centre to agree to do this on short notice—’
‘No, it’s all right.’ She chomped on a crunchy bit of cereal, absent-mindedly stirring the milk with a faint
For a moment, John felt a surge of terror jangle beneath his ribcage. He suddenly feared, despite his own words, that if Sherlock left his bed now neither of them would know how to get back to it. Reality and the outside world would reappear and they wouldn’t discuss it, Sherlock would pretend it hadn’t happened and John would laugh it off, and then he would have to go back to living
) last couple of days to keep them a while. Instead, John gradually tipped them back out of the kiss, fingers still curled between two of Sherlock’s white fine dress-shirt buttons.
By the time he finished, John was not sitting any closer, but the way he looked at Sherlock — a welter of anger, fierce protectiveness, confusion, (several other things that had no accurate label even in Sherlock’s growing hieroglyphic lexicon of John’s expressions,) and… gratitude — allowed Sherlock to release the full exhalation he had been holding since this morning, knowing their itinerary. Since just under an exact year previous, when Sherlock had returned to Baker Street. Since seeing an old-yet-new familiar face illuminated by flashing red/blue police lights, calmly waiting behind police tape, disguising gunshot residue with an oatmeal jumper. Since he knew not when.
‘I hope you do not mind if I smoke?’ Gruener added, with another flash of wry confidence, as if this false-afterthought would put Sherlock off-balance. Little did he know…
‘You did visit the man’s house,’ John observed in an unamused voice that spoke volumes about what he thought of
‘Five minutes alone in Gruener’s study would be more than sufficient, I promise you: I would leave with more than enough proof to put him away for a decade.’
Visibly relieved to return to the proper chain of command, the spotty young man nodded once and weaved between them in the direction of the mess.
He watched, transfixed by the easy, calm precision of their movements and the slowly resolving shape of the figure (the mandala, he was told later) emerging from their craftsmanship. As the sun rose, patterns of blazing pinks, mint greens, golden yellows, and clear sky blues took on their distinct shades in ribbons and signs which, he naturally deduced, held symbolic meaning for the group. When finally, hours later shaking himself out of the stupor of absorption, he watched the men rise and, bodies aching (his own neck, at the minute angle he’d been watching their process, was sore; he glimpsed, in their muted way, the various strains of knees, shoulders, eyes, and ankles that afflicted them all), nod to him as they exited the hall. The mandala was incomplete (some areas had been traced but not yet filled in), yet already the vast circle of complex undulations, petals, complimentary colours, and dizzying business was demonstrably beautiful.
Sherlock had pulled his arms through his sleeves and was gathering his keys. John felt suddenly furious. It was one bad joke after another. Never mind getting a leg over, Sherlock clearly was trying to prevent their ever being alone in the same room together. The same clutch of fear John had felt last night when Peterson had interrupted them, a shivering premonition that if they didn’t get back to John’s bed soon, they would forget how, washed over him again.
‘Go on, put me down for a match or two,’ he offered. ‘Though the whole detective thing makes me a pretty unreliable back. It makes me an unreliable
‘Molly, we’re tracking down an internationally infamous serial killer and probable paedophile! Surely that takes precedent!’
of a punch to his gut, a bruise that was never allowed to heal. It rearranged his internal organs to make room for the constant battering of grief that flew away only to soar back, like the sway of an old grandfather clock. Like she — his mother Liz’s oldest sister, hands lifting a shaking cigarette to her mouth, numbed by the loss of her last remaining sibling at the age of 47 to ovarian cancer — had muttered, it didn’t get lighter: your body just got used to it. Her name had been Mary, too.
A flashdrive was too obvious, too modern for the likes of medieval, macabre Gruener — and anyway electronic files were the stuff of too many hacks and scandals. So it had to be real, tangible, original.
. He had said ‘I love you’ accidentally but it blindsided him now with the force of a tank that he hadn’t really said it, despite everything he’d been saying reassuringly and meaning so intensely. Until today — soon, in fact, the absolute second they got home (he blinked again from his fog, judged he was marching on Baker Street, ETA under ten minutes) — and then he was going to tell Sherlock — with poetry and wine and kisses and his own cautiously optimistic mouth — in a way that Sherlock would finally believe. They were terrible at being
of John. The idea that John might take pride in having contributed something to the world’s only consulting detective was, in Sherlock’s mind, incredible.
‘Ah, ah, ah,’ she chided, sliding the gun fractionally over and up, away from where it had been staring directly into John’s chest to, he had no doubt based on the angle, the neighbourhood of Suze’s head. ‘I wouldn’t.’
The small eyeroll of annoyance that belied a smile was the most encouraging thing John’d seen all day. Instead he came close, fingers absent-mindedly picking at a frayed thread.
had he been thinking? Or rather, how had he so catastrophically and categorically allowed himself to
‘I don’t mean,’ Sherlock began again quickly, throat thick, wishing he could clutch John’s upper-arms tightly for balance, ‘I was not referring to suicide. I meant rather that I… will try, not to let my tendency to rush in override…’ he searched briefly for the words, all of which made him sound like a parody of the security services he so reviled, ‘proper communicative channels.’ He grimaced at his own terrible phrasing. ‘I will make an active effort not to
‘I found him as I was on my way home last night,’ she told them, regarding the bird – an African Grey parrot (
, underneath. And somehow they seem like they’re gonna swallow you up, like a black hole. And no matter how hard you try, it’s like when somebody’s holding both your hands, and you pull and you pull but you can’t get away — only it’s just in those ten seconds between the person asking you a question and those dark, flat eyes almost telling you you’ve got no choice at all but to give up?
This was perfectly true – John, though awkward in terms of fluency, had a fairly passable memory from his school-age German classes.
Little did she know, of course, that ‘snap’, in Mary’s case, apparently meant ‘shoot you in cold blood.’
that only placed him a matter of inches (approx. 20* anti-clockwise) closer to Sherlock. His hands spasmed, clenched.
.’ A young constable receiving these instructions gawped queasily over Sherlock’s shoulder, plainly hoping Bradstreet would countermand this no doubt joking orders.
Soundlessly, he crossed the threshold between the antechamber and the hall, thus breaching John’s sole injunction, at the very moment John – here, though like the rest of them all out of his eye-line – spoke again.
— it was two decades’ learning that he was incapable of having the things (the people) he wanted in moderation…
‘Mphlf!’ John managed in surprise, before sinking into the kiss. His heart-rate pounded in his ears as Sherlock’s warm tongue caressed his. ‘T-tomorrow?’ he choked out, as Sherlock pressed his entire body, shins to collar, into contact with John’s; the heat of his skin against John’s already warm skin was
to keep feeling that — to believe that such a feeling would safely shield them against every, entirely likely, change to their relationship (against a future version of himself he could not even begin to predict) — was impossible.
But… sometimes, after other days — often ones that coincided with Sherlock having no particular case of interest (and John shied away from thinking too much about this correlation) —, days of dancing around each other, suddenly Sherlock seemed like he couldn’t help but touch him, crowd him, radiating heat and want and adoration (John had half-convinced himself that he was reading Sherlock right and not just projecting). And then John’s unreliable homosexuality kicked in and he
Hope the wait was worth it. This chapter gave me a lot of trouble and Sherlock's perspective was deliberately disjointed... but (full disclosure) I still think it could be improved. Oh well. Next chapter is where I'm really looking.
‘What’s the magic word,’ muttered Peterson in a sickly chime. John didn’t bother acknowledging the remark but went ahead of her toward the interview rooms.
. His hips against Sherlock’s arse, his hands cradling Sherlock’s hands. That, and a kiss that could scorch the roof off a rocket, was all he ever needed again.
‘How do you mean? Something Flint said?’ John’s tone was amused – he had, in spite of his early protests, rather taken to teaching. (This was not surprising: John was a nature leader and fixer, and took particular satisfaction in seeing the direct impact of his efforts. Hence why Sherlock had agreed to eat the bread roll at lunch.)
It wasn’t so surprising to John, which almost certainly meant it was zero percent surprising to Sherlock. The question of what to
, for you — or, I suppose, any other reason, though your safety is quite obviously of critical importance to me, so it would realistically only be you for whom I would consider such unilateral action and regret it. Anyway, that — I will no longer allow that, without giving you some… point of entry into the situation.’
of his bedside lamp almost forced him to open his eyes, but the sudden warm shuffling of the body next to him, and presentment of two large feet to glance accidentally off his, made him keep his eyes shut. ‘As early as we consider convenient,’ Sherlock told him in an undertone. ‘There is a substantial reward for returning the jewel.’
Rosie is breathing heavily against him, not fidgeting anymore, and she’s still young enough and prone to impromptu midnight play sessions that he reckons she may as well go for a nap. And... John can check her arms as he puts her down.
A bit upset with myself that this Mary wasn't quite as S3 as she was S4, and then not even that? And in fact, while I'm listing grievances, bit sorry that Molly didn't get as many lines as the boys. Being a fem-identifying feminist writing from cismen's perspectives? Headache, at times.
‘Naturally.’ Sherlock did know, after a fashion: knew that John and Mycroft had exchanged multiple brusque conversations that exceeded John’s customary levels of rudeness, a transgression almost exclusive to moments of anger; knew that John had been holding back these past few days — had been more frustrated than his words made it seem — that Sherlock had been tweeting, in his few seconds of privacy, to contacts outside the hospital to exaggerate the severity and nature of his injuries; saw, in the lingering side-long glances at how much food Sherlock was consuming versus how much work he had already taken up on this case (inconvenient though it continued to be from his hospital bed), John’s concern that somehow this case was taking on the shape and unstoppability of the days after the initial Reichenbach painting affair.
‘I think there is,’ John agreed amiably, while Sherlock moved about the room. In former days, he would have enjoyed the pleasant sensation of flirting with a beautiful woman, one whose stilettos put her head about three inches above his and her budget at a digit longer. Her smile was the plastic, all-purpose variety common to people in her line of work – the frontline against salesman, paparazzi, and uninvited guests – but she was also young (he guessed about thirty? not much more) and confident. And blonde.
Modesty was a false self-conception: certainly there would be a few audience members (of both genders, probably) who spared him an assessing glance. But of course, John’s modesty was entirely sincere: his confidence was founded more upon his experienced seduction techniques than his perception of his good looks. As ever, he underestimated himself.
He’s awake, for god’s sake! He looks at her, and she nods sternly again. The room, bright and brisk and sterile, doesn’t remind him of Molly at all, but then again, the rooms in his mind often don’t. The pressure on his abdomen is getting harder to ignore, lungs struggling to compensate —
The bottle, defying physics, made it back to the nightstand as John rolled over him, flushed and hungry, chasing the taste of this man’s whisky-soaked tongue, submerged in those hands in John’s brutally-short hair, hands on his arse as their groins brushed and John’s semi-erect prick jumped at the contact.
He untucked Sherlock’s shirt from his trousers to imprint his fingertips around Sherlock’s hips, and Sherlock groaned and grabbed for John’s mouth again because he had to. The electric shocks jolting his skin were going to send his heart into arrhythmia; he felt like the breath in his lungs (what little he could get, though he didn’t want it anyway) was burning him from the inside out, tendrils of hot liquid
[*It's worth noting that this chapter's epigraph comes from a harrowing, deeply personal account by academic Claire Jarvis about her mental health following her pregnancy and birth of her child. I urge you, if you feel even mostly up to it, to go read her incredible reflection on this stuff, here :
,’ John nodded, to himself, mouth almost duck-shaped as he pretended to consider this neutrally. A sure sign, if ever there was one, that John was
John blinked at him, which seemed eminently reasonable, since somehow Sherlock’s mouth and lungs and voice had just articulated, albeit somewhat circuitously and with no hint of ‘romance’, the question of how John wanted to spend the rest of his life — asked him this
(Sherlock didn’t feel compelled to inform John, or Sgt. Challa for that matter, that he had spent the entire autumn before his sixth birthday enthralled by stories and, of course, research into the history of nautical knavery, including the requisite study of its motifs. His bitter disappointment that Christmas at not receiving either a parrot or any length of cable had been compounded by Mycroft’s taunt that Sherlock could at least ‘swab down the kitchen if he wanted to make himself useful’. Hateful.)
Creeping here, along the cliff’s edge, with the waterfall thundering around him, Mycroft’s taunts and the ghostly echo of Moriarty’s laughter rising up from the deep, it seems like there’s no point.
tastes,’ Sherlock intoned, with the firmness of an algebra teacher reminding a careless student that
John’s mouth was pressing into his from the side, lips surrounding his while John’s tongue glanced hotly across his; John’s left hand was holding firmly the clammy skin at the back of his neck, while John’s other hand was placed agonisingly lightly beneath his jaw; John’s knees were bumping his knees, ankles brushing his ankles as John pressed himself into Sherlock, heavily, deliberately…
Exhaling, John threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s, examining the tangle of bare limbs. ‘Sherlock –’
, Molly had seen the dressing gown, seen that Sherlock had come out of the bedroom only minutes after John, heard him say already, ‘
It was too easy to see: they were both too stubborn, too similar. He saw across his vision a parade of the same type, the kind of broken couple they encountered in the casework, leaving behind indifferent lovers, secret lives, pools of blood. Fleeting.
ed loudly when the evidently French woman ahead of them glared daggers at them. She — Mary, not the Frenchwoman — wanted to hold hands and kiss in public and duck under ‘INTERDIT’ signs and get drunk by the riverbank, and there had been no good reason why he hadn’t loved every second of it.)
He taped a fresh square of cotton wool over the skin after rubbing water, iodine, and antibiotic ointment over the area, then stiffly stood up (his knees groaning, dear Christ he was getting old), shoved the overdue pills in Sherlock’s direction. Began to wash his hands. Most of the blood there wasn’t Sherlock’s, anyway – at least not this time.
of skin on industrial-strength cotton prickled his ears as Sherlock’s head on the pillow turned to look at him.
Eventually, when he trusted his voice, he cleared his throat to get Sherlock’s attention. ‘Alright?’
bladdered, and saw a gorgeous looking fella in an even more gorgeous suit, staring at me. Let’s just say, after the luck I’d been having, I was ready to go home with anyone who looked at me twice.
Sherlock’s stomach give a pitch and roll of fear — was that it? How could it be so thrilling, so physiologically as well as mentally stimulating, surpassing the threshold of mental intake so that data seemed still to be flooding his system, as if on a delay: did
(John itched to text Sherlock. Wondered what he was doing. After several hours of radio silence, the nagging voice at the back of his mind began to whisper   several suggestions of how Sherlock might be spending these long, tempting hours before the descent on Gruener’s party this afternoon — the kinds of trouble he might get in, alone. What he got up to whenever they weren’t together, and if John really had any clue when he should be worried and when things were all right.)
Sherlock’s ears burned; of course Mycroft had noticed their situation. ‘And how go the troop withdrawals, Mycroft? Everyone home on schedule?’ he parried. (This was an area proven to alienate his brother from John, a move Sherlock was keen to foster since they were behaving rather too much as they considered Sherlock and his parrot the opposition.)
Sherlock strode into the room, buttoning John’s favourite of his shirts, because he was a complete dickhead and he apparently wanted John to get sacked for being late and to destroy that shirt with his teeth.
Sitting a bit uncomfortably, John had turned to stare across, wondering if it was only the weird proximity of his left hand to Sherlock’s spine that made it feel very late all the sudden. Only a few moments after, when Sherlock had finally, still tensely rolled to face him, did John stop holding his breath.
He wasn’t entirely sure if it had been the sheer thrill of suggesting they do something radically different in bed, or the shock on Sherlock’s face, just as the theatre flashed the lights to call them back to their seats, that John had been the one to suggest this particular act, or that he’d dared say such a thing to Sherlock Holmes in
He couldn’t – If they didn’t go home now, wrap themselves in the certainty of Baker Street and all it held, its strange and vital power… Sherlock refused to go to the hospital, its stringent separation: no. John was his doctor until such time as he renounced the role, and not a
A humid gust of breath stirred the minute hairs on his upper lip, nose… John. (Good.) Probably waking up ((bed)room temperature low: still early) to go to work or some other ill-advised distraction from the far more interesting work of the case (and Sherlock). The usual sounds of morning (it had to be morning: Sherlock hadn’t even come to bed until just before half-four), John rolling over to verify the time on the bedside clock (as if he couldn’t deduce it: soldier’s habit!), then drowsily moving around more. Not nearer to Sherlock: unimportant.
Putting aside the absurdity of Sherlock always deleting the names of clients he found too boring to retain after the case was concluded, John cast his mind back. ‘Hang on,
have found some way to reassure Sherlock, to reaffirm that putting off their big plans for one night — indefinitely, even — was not going to chase him away.
,’ Sherlock intoned, dragging it out. He had in fact selected just the person. It was more a matter now of making John see the wisdom of his choice. ‘Someone often underestimated in their work, but who is entirely capable of defending herself —’
‘Right,’ said John, grinning broadly and flipping open a dictionary. ‘Let’s teach this bird some Greek.’
‘Yes,’ Sherlock confirmed. ‘Only someone determined to get the carbuncle exclusively would do such a poor job of faking a burglary. Horner either is or isn’t a cunning burglar, but he cannot be both. Meanwhile we still have no evidence to free him, nor of the current whereabouts of the jewel itself. If Ryder had intended to sell it and live off the profits, he would hardly have turned up to his shift today, to say nothing of his appallingly obvious guilty demeanour.’
In spite of himself, Sherlock repeated, blankly, ‘Ideas?’, because, while Sherlock had never really stopped thinking about what he wanted to do to/for/with John, it seemed almost incomprehensible, even with the preliminary evidence of John’s arousal caught between their bodies, that he – that he wanted – Sherlock’s mind was spinning.
) was itself a misnomer. Sherlock was the least companionable person he knew: he was seldom willing to tag along, to listen disinterestedly, to give those little pre-packaged words of comfort and reassurance and inspiration which other people sought from their
‘John, the likelihood of these people recognising you, if they recognise me, is approaching ninety-five per cent.’
Quirking an elegant eyebrow in dismissal (the man had an unusually mobile yet opaque face, revealing very little apart from the mask he deliberately put forward), he shrugged and shut the box with a muted thunk.
Again John bristled. ‘But I’m here. And you’re here. Even today, when… But I’m staying,’ he added, with sudden shift in tone.
Not that either of them were especially good at talking, but he knew that on occasion when Sherlock was rattled he flitted around the flat, impatient and needing a ballast. But this morning Sherlock had proclaimed his intention to venture to the British Library for further research, so John had decided there was no point hovering and making things worse.
‘Well, ‘course he’s “good” when he can duck under any proper police tape he wants and swan off again as he likes.’ She raised her well-groomed eyebrows at him. ‘I still don’t get how you stand it, someone that intrusive and self-centred.’
Another laugh for his Mind Palace shelf: this one was quiet, a high, fluttering thing that made Sherlock crack a smile, against every odd he would have lain down only five minutes before.
‘No.’ He wrapped his coat – stowed (with foresight he was grateful of now) in the car – tightly around himself.
‘And what do you get out of it, hmm? A little attention? Little laugh? I know you feel like all us normal people aren’t clever enough for you, but, come on, John. If I’ve learned anything, it’s that they’re
The bolt of disquiet this sent through Sherlock made him speak before he could stop himself: ‘She was an assassin, you know.’
Nose wrinkling in distaste, Sherlock went to the window to stare down at the street. ‘No, it’s not that, she isn’t —’
, John.’ As flicker of doubt stole into the blue, and Sherlock huffed to think such a suspicion had survived so long. ‘Whatever your assumptions about my heroic yet somehow simultaneously idiotic time “away”, I was never sexually abused or even realistically threatened with it.’
Naturally, her flat was bigger than 221A, B, and C put together. Plus a garden balcony. Her cut-out orchid-print sofas (two of them) looked like they cost as much as he’d made in a year in Afghanistan. And... empty.
‘Dr….’ Baker considered them both, then settled correctly on John, ‘Watson, I must thank you for contacting me. I can only imagine the trouble you put yourselves to.’
Frowning at him, Sherlock insisted, ‘I need you to take the Carbuncle back to Lady Morcar and convince her to drop all the charges, but not until
It would be difficult, he saw now as he considered the years ahead. The flat returned to its baseline of ticking clocks and silent skulls. The cases evacuated of the laughter, the mischief, the drive to care in the first place. Perhaps he wouldn’t stay in the flat at all. It might be easier, to avoid the same relapse as he’d undergone at the lowest points of his time on the run. Easier, too, on Mrs Hudson, not to have to bear the burden of caring for him without a buffer, without someone to tell him when he’d truly crossed the unforgivable line. It had been borrowed time (an expression he’d never particularly liked). No one had believed it when John had stayed; they’d been impressed and sceptical when John had returned. And, for once, they were right. But Sherlock wished he’d committed more of the previous night to memory, the soft heat of John’s body next to his, fingers scratching minute, beguiling aches of sensation across Sherlock’s skin, humming and smiling and behaving as though it wasn’t the last time.
(His body felt just one degree out of his control— it was already doing it — his hormones were firing at danger-response levels, awakening him to the familiar, exhilarating sensory blitz that was John — John, up-close, heart-rate slightly elevated, golden-brown coarse facial hair faintly (enticingly) visible along his jaw and flattened upper lip (making him look a full five years younger). Always his unconscious tic, John’s tongue had darted out three times in the course of this conversation (the first words they’d exchanged since the argument, unless one counted the hushed frantic broken obscenities of the episode in question: Sherlock didn’t).)
The thought, occurring to John as it always had, had taken a moment to register as not so impossible. Not anymore.
,’ he insisted, with a crinkle of plastic which (hateful) required both his hands, including the one that had been caressing Sherlock’s scalp.
John fully expected Sherlock to launch into a well-rehearsed tirade against ‘good luck’ charms and other illogical and in every way idiotic superstitions, but was surprised to hear him ask instead, ‘Is there any possibility your husband stole the jewel for the insurance?’
The man blanched, and John considered whether he should be afraid for Ramani or himself. Wordlessly, the proprietor turned and walked toward the door marked ‘EMPLOYEES ONLY’, Sherlock one step behind. As they crossed the linoleum floor, John saw Sherlock wiggle his ankle again, before returning to his brisk gait with a
As per John’s injunction, Sherlock set himself the task of (removing the Mary Morstan problem from his mind, for now, and) devising a plan to entrap Gruener in a legal and inescapable net of his own creation.
John had not mentioned a particular date on which their relationship was… confirmed? Accredited? (That made them sound like a university rather than a couple.) Certainly not ‘serious’: they’d been solemnly devoted to each other before there had been any sexual interaction — or, deliberate sexual intercourse, perhaps was more truthful — between them at all. Whatever the correct terminology, there had been no precise date affixed to it. Nor had this seemed to matter. But it struck him, now, as slightly odd, that he had spent 797 days in France, Norway, Serbia, Indonesia, Florida, Venezuela, counting every single day like a toll on his life, as though each precious one stretched and contracted into the distance, taking with it the finite amount of time on the earth that he could, should be spending with John Watson. And so to discover that, having — so improbably, so utterly humblingly —
Outside the station in the muggy, overcast morning light (he supposed they were in for another storm), he stopped beside Sherlock on the pavement. ‘What are we going to do now?’ he asked him.
‘Not if we keep talking,’ John said pointedly. ‘And you should sleep too. Forty minutes is not enough for someone still on a long-term physical therapy schedule. But,’ he interrupted, because Sherlock had started to protest, ‘whatever, do what you want: just… either lie down, or go finish sorting out my backstory.’ He settled more deeply into his pillow, tucking one hand underneath and wiggling his toes to warm the cold sheets up a bit. Yawning again, he started to work on slowing his heart rate and breathing, exhaling, evenly measuring each inhale and each —
He smirked. ‘I’ll refrain from pointing out that it was your genius idea to stop next to the sewer monster's own skip.’
Down by the car, the driver handed Sherlock his utilitarian tie (a size too big, though counterintuitively that would do perfectly) and keys. ‘Eurus,’ said the man – mid-forties, unmarried, currently seeing two women, fond of (Sherlock noted, removing his hands in the pockets) Rolos, wanted to become a stand-up comedian.
‘I think I got most of it,’ John agrees, though he knows there must be more for Sherlock to be so retreated into himself at something as silly as a misunderstanding with a notoriously intractable pre-schooler. He knows, of course, that whatever happened, Sherlock is beating himself up about it—and, judging by Rosie’s demeanour, that ‘it’ was nothing more than bit of nervous parenting on Sherlock’s behalf. The ‘anxious father’ look was one that had come gradually upon Sherlock, more or less just as John was beginning to shed the fragile shell he’d built around them and allow Rosie to do things like sit alone for more than a second when he needed the loo, stick her fingers in her mouth without being disinfected first, go more than two days without being inspected for rashes, bumps, and other alarming signs of imminent disaster.
The world, tipped on its side and therefore wrong, didn’t seem to affect John, who was next to him, gravity-pressed; yet somehow — physics was not Sherlock’s primary scientific speciality — John was most heavily creased along his brow, the low, pained dip between his eyes, running perpendicular to the earth’s pull. He might be on reconnaissance, for all the noise his breath was making.
‘Except, in order to do any activity at all, like, oh I dunno, chase suspects or spy on murderers through opera binoculars, you actually have to have some energy to start off with.’ His mouth creased into a line of unsympathetic annoyance, difficult to see at this angle. He chewed on the perfectly boiled-and-then-baked vegetables, mulishly ignoring the weight of Sherlock’s gaze falling down upon him.
when Neville St Clair had disappeared leaving nothing but a blood splatter in an East End drug hovel, leaving the one person in his life who had sworn in words and actions to believe in him, to trust him, to put him ahead of everyone and everything else because she loved him, this man had made this woman believe he was dead, had blind-sided her with the fear that kept her up at nights and stopped her midway through her coffees while she watched the news, throat tight, terrified, with the knowledge that one day, someday, the best part of her life would require her identification so it could be put in the
The homeless man jerked into waking and yelled, attempting, disorientated, to escape the sharp sting of the impromptu wash on his open cut. Sherlock dug his fingers in sharply at the scalp.
John considered her for a moment. Had she seen so little of life, or been so oblivious to it, that she genuinely couldn't see this man for what he was: a fortune-hunting, power-mad vampire -- and she was the prey?
. His faded blue walls struck him as expansive and bare, and he realised he had never hung so much as a calendar. (None of his various girlfriends had brought this to his attention, probably because none of his previous girlfriends had been willing to spend much time at 221b, what with the mad genius haunting the place like a ghostly, incredibly untidy chaperone.) Even the strict tidiness of his floor, of his books in their imprecise stacks beneath his bed and his albums (vinyl and disc) in the crate in his wardrobe, caught his eye as never before.
Of course Sherlock had sprung to his feet, no doubt aching from doing so but too stubborn show it, and was glaring, backlit by the front window in its waning grey light. ‘We
‘She dead, then? Got herself killed, like I told her she would.’ Her laugh was bitter and aspirated: smoker since early adolescence. ‘Stupid cow.’
about fucking time, and John rushed him forward with sheer momentum until they found an obliging wall at the foot of the stairs.
With glassy-blue eyes quickly scanning the passersby as they darted into or were disgorged by the shop, Billy’s mouth wriggled slightly over his teeth. (Clean: over a month; nevertheless, old habits, etc.) ‘Maureen’d know more,’ he equivocated at last. Interesting: usually he was more (though seldom
’Help yourself,’ Sherlock replied distractedly. The first bin, so far, showed very little of interest: a pungent array of collapsed boxes of crackers or pasta, gooey heads of tomatoes, apples, lettuce, oil-stained parchment paper from pastries — ‘No grease on the coat!’ he called, as Suze just about made it to the corner —… bits of dental floss, used condoms (these gloves were, blessedly (deliberately), not his nice pair: they were destined for this very bin once his search was complete), takeaway menus and polystyrene containers, plastic packets with the residue of — he sniffed — caviar, another of smoked salmon, a third of prosciutto: rather more splendid a spread than the rest of the contents, all store-brand ravioli and the same faux-healthy bars that John bought (at the same discounted price, most likely). So: approximately two, possibly three, days ago, a posh evening affair, requiring the — yes, here it was — supplements of
? In the pandemonium of things John was currently feeling, stress was decidedly absent. Horror slid into his stomach instead. ‘Christ, Sherlock, I don’t go around snogging people because I – I’m
, such absolution for the fact that Sherlock had been instrumental in the deaths of other human beings, had left John behind, when now he knew, or suspected, that in fact to bring John anywhere was to make the world, and himself, safer. John kissed him, twice (it was always the second kiss with John that mattered: the first was frequently the only one in a series, a gesture of affection akin to a brush of a hand along his shoulder as John paraded by on the way to work; when there was a second, however, it meant he wanted to stay. A second sometimes lapped into a third, a fourth, beyond count, but the second was always the richest, the taste on his palate just right, like the caress of fine, well-aerated Cabernet).
‘Evidently so,’ Sherlock conceded. ‘Well you’ve already been reprimanded once this week for failing to disclose your whereabouts or answer your chief inspector – incidentally you should consider a higher vibrate setting if you’re going to leave your mobile on “silent” while out on cases, it’s rung twice since you’ve been here –’ Challa gave a small cry of surprise and took both hands to her pockets, sending ‘Flint’ (oh, Challa was definitely going on his mental list of allies) to the floor with a flutter of wings and an unceremonious
There wasn’t — there weren’t enough words or syllables or sounds in any language in the universe to wrap around the entirety of what he wanted to say, so releasing one hand from John’s (now also creased) shirtsleeve, Sherlock drew the pen from his breast pocket and turned in John’s arms, making very,
A moment and he was on his feet. He didn’t bother to look at her again: simply released a heavy, furious breath and marched out of the restaurant without another word.
Soundlessly, Lady Morcar nevertheless emanated an air of complete shock. After a moment she took the Blue Carbuncle into her palm, probably testing its weight or smoothness or possibly just making sure it was not a mirage.
The lurch to a sudden halt in his speech left the words, biting and urgent, full in the room between them, somehow simultaneously stuffed and deflated, like one small prod would send all the air rushing out of it and leave everything collapsed in on itself, them included. He felt twisted internally, behind the place where the millstone left its bruise, fear clutching his guts with claws that stung.
‘— your best friend’ (he swallowed any other epithet for himself) ‘is a sociopath who solves crimes as an alternative to getting high; YOU! You, most of all, you’re a doctor who decided to go to a warzone. You shot a cabbie the night you met me —’
To the words spoken and unspoken, Sherlock nodded again. ‘And remember, Molly,’ he noted, finally shifting in his seat so she could come into the mirror frame, ‘Gruener wants to show off for you. Make him. Salacious, yet cold.’
Sherlock: at Angelo’s, at the flat, in taxis, at the crime scene, at Bart’s lab. Close to Sherlock, and unfazed.
It was surely a sign of the mind-addling effects of prolonged exposure to fools, and four kinds of medication, that made his stomach lurch at the sight, sound, smell(, phantom taste and touch) of
She rolled her eyes again, and for an instant he caught a glimpse of a spoiled child who had never been told ‘no’.
Anne was sitting in the armchair, evidently enjoying her pastry. She pointed with a pinky and a grunt at the mug of tea on the dresser. Then she set her danish down on a plate, like a civilised person, while John leaned on the furniture and drank deep. After he’d finished his (second) croissant, Anne looked at him heavily.
For some reason, this — this one detail — suddenly set John’s face into a riot of twitching anger, until he could no longer restrict the reaction to his face — had to be on his feet —
Will *try* to keep to the twice-weekly posting schedule, but now that the teaching semester has started, and considering how long both revisions and formatting take, I can't entirely promise. But remaining chapters will be coming, as scheduled or otherwise.
Mycroft swerved slightly and attempted to catch the parrot in both hands, but received a frightened nip in return. Rather than injure Flint, Sherlock, mentally preparing a monograph on parrot intelligence, moved forward to reclaim her. His brother was squirming as Flint groomed ruffled feathers from her plumage, preventing Sherlock from getting a firm hold. Then, suddenly, Flint gripped Mycroft’s right shoulder tightly, lifted her bright red tail, and defecated on Mycroft’s £780 suit.
Oh! And -- in my capacity as actual professional Victorianist -- it behooves me to mention that Mycroft's off-hand remark about 'the maiden tribute of modern Babylon' refers in fact a series of salacious 1885 exposés about the selling of virgins into prostitution, written (and scandalously under-cover discovered) by W.T. Stead, famed odd Victorian journalist, who then went on to die on the Titanic. The
His hand hit the table so hard his unused butter knife sprung up and clattered to the tiled floor like a colonel’s whistle in a barracks. A radius of silence mushroomed out from their table. He held his breath, counted — The sheer proximity of his balled fist to the water glass, shuddering as the ice sloshed the sides, at least made him grateful he had not collided with it. He didn’t fancy having to deal with stitches, his own or anyone else’s, on top of restraining himself from slapping his sister in a hotel bistro in Piccadilly where everyone was staring, shocked, at the lunatic who had interrupted their lunch.
‘Well, if you’re offering,’ joked John. ‘And,’ his eyes flicked up to Sherlock, ‘a gin-and-tonic for this one.’
‘Sorry, what was that?’ John couldn’t help but be smug. Rather than removing pressure, his fingertips prodded Sherlock open, a wholly surreal experience that made his blood feel like it was rioting, fit to burst through his skin — Sherlock squirmed, and John had to bite his lip to keep from groaning at the sight of his fingers, two at once, nudging
‘The world is fleeting,’ informed a voice at his side. The abbot (how odd: the man looked so like the vicar of Sherlock’s foggy, impatient childhood recollections, despite bearing the same title — the same light spectacles (and deep scholarly depressions at the sides of his nose); the same face rounded and creased with age, complete with kind (how was that?) eyebrows; both shorter and pudgier than Sherlock, exuding a patience and gentleness that Sherlock never had) was watching the ceremony — the proceedings were too orchestrated, voices in quiet unison as well as chant-and-response, to be anything else — rather than him.
‘You look awful and you need to be well-rested and fresh in order to pull this plan off. So: sleep. Then we’ll deal with the matter of your deception.’
‘Not tonight,’ he said, regretting having to refuse. (The aroma of carrots, tomato-based gravy, potatoes, beef, saffron, and… oranges? Well: Florida. Too bad the congealed sauce would be merely half as appetising after being reheated tomorrow.) ‘Digestion diverts energy away from brain work.’
He swallowed sharply. Gripped his knee so tight he could feel the sting radiate up into his shoulder. ‘
Sherlock seemed to follow his thoughts. ‘Animal cruelty is almost always cited in cases of abusive or sociopathic abnormality.’
Objectively, it was true: Sherlock’d managed to get down a bit of solid food today, and even stood up just after lunch. But his pallor after going round the room fully once, the dark rings under his eyes, the hour-long nap he’d succumbed to once they’d got him back into bed (
Sherlock did look up, just a quick glance, to find John topping up his glass again with water. No tension or other tells of reluctance, passive aggression, or blame.
He and Harry weren’t close, really, in exactly the opposite way to how Mycroft and Sherlock ‘weren’t close’: the Holmes brothers were, in many ways, made of the same fundamental building blocks — pride, for one; intellect, they would both stress; distaste for letting outsiders in on their special, warped view of the world; drama queens, the pair of them… But however differently those parts were arranged, however much they were genuinely very different in what they wanted from their lives, from other people, from themselves, they were mostly on the same page, speaking the same (almost certainly coded, or Scandinavian) language. Listening to Harry always made him feel more than a bit guilty, and a little at sea, for not being able to tell when they had drifted from a same page. Whether they had ever been on one in the first place — if they were made of the same stuff at all?
A holiday: an excellent idea. Maybe with the money from this case, and John’s latest pay cheques from his locum work, they could actually spring for somewhere like that. In January, if Sherlock would ever bloody tell him when his actual bloody birthday even
did he tell her things, he wondered to himself. ‘I’m off at the clinic, but Sherlock and I have a case on.’
, ten sodding minutes in which they could actually make something of this unbelievably long day and just kiss
John shut his eyes, trying to block out this latest assault on his worldview. A moment ago this had been mere idle, if peevish, curiosity, a last remaining disclosure to be made before they could truly invest in this relationship, without lingering doubts or ghosts to be settled. (But John still cared about her — a woman who might, at any moment, have shot him in the head — and this
‘You’ve been thinking about it,’ Sherlock plowed on, timbre deep. ‘You’ve been imagining it for weeks. You
(An understatement of necessarily gargantuan proportions. But to imagine that upon finding John Watson naked in bed, that Sherlock would have had the saint-like strength to resist touching him, just a little; to prevent himself from curling into John and filling his lungs with his scent until he realised that John was erect beside him, as erect as he was himself; to listen to his rational mind which had warned, ‘
Unsurprisingly, this earned him another groaning eyeroll. ‘It’s the evening. It’s still daylight out.’
‘Of course not, Mrs. Hudson,’ Sherlock called approvingly from the sitting room to the kitchen. ‘Immune system like yours, only strengthened by minor infections. We can reasonably expect another fifteen years of ridiculous dance routines and unnecessary hair-dye.’
He browsed, finding and bookmarking some old lines and pieces he’d loved as a kid, others he’d remembered years later when heart-pounding he’d whispered the words like a prayer after losing another kid to a stupid, brutal explosion he hadn’t even known to cover from, or heart-sore over some girl he’d barely gotten to know…
‘Oh, he’s fine,’ shrugged Mary, not disquieted in the slightest, because evidently her moral code (if she had one, a question that was gaining weight with every minute) did not extend to protecting mere underlings: she was an internationally infamous
Happy Valentine's Day! Apologies that this chapter can't be the romantic fluff we all deserve today. Later, perhaps...
‘Your way,’ John muttered, marching around the final, stalling car and ducking inside. ‘Always your way.’
‘Oh good, a long lie-in,’ joked John, but he was finding it hard to maintain any kind of deadpan when the dark curls of Sherlock’s forehead were trailing lightly along his chest in exactly the direction inversely proportional to his pulse. As Sherlock’s lips brushed his navel, his glorious Stradivarius hands rubbed small circles into the outsides of John’s thighs. John’s head hit the mattress with a coil of bedsprings.
to the contrary is right in front of you every day.’ He paused, eyelashes flickering unconsciously, almost in time with the stutter of Sherlock’s pulse. ‘We’re as bad as each other.’
‘No,’ he cut across, twisting round to look Sherlock in the eyes. ‘It’s… it’s fine.’ He nodded once to confirm this. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth had a small patch of mustard; the blotch on his neck was turning a furious shade of purple. John found himself staring, somehow, at both. He said, blankly, ‘If you got crumbs in my bed, you’ll be the one hoovering, I hope you know.’
The bathroom door whisked open downstairs; he had approximately two minutes. What if John returned, cleansed of their encounter, and wanted to be alone? What if, after a lapse of time in which to think it over, he had changed his mind? (What if, demanded a pitiless interrogator in his mind, Sherlock broke him, like he broke everything else?) Sherlock found the potential consequences psychosomatically impaired his respiratory function.
in his pockets!’ he ordered John, then sprinted for the next room, brusquely instructing the team now descending on the house, ‘We need an ambulance – bring burn specialists, and a medic for a possible shooting victim; and at least
) Find a way to sedate/otherwise incapacitate Gruener unsuspectedly. This method had the advantage of being rather satisfying (particularly if they could bludgeon the Austrian on the head once or twice), as well as fairly likely to produce results — particularly since Gruener would, almost certainly, destroy incriminating evidence with even a whiff of forewarning. Catching him unawares, searching his person, and escaping with the evidence: an encouraging scenario. (Unfortunately it was that last step that seemed ripe for unforeseeable glitches — not the least of which, matter of how to get
It really hadn’t been expensive enough to be serious, and he’d been very uncomfortably aware, when the attendant asked about ‘the lady’s taste’ and what would go with her birthstone (he was nearly sure her birthday was November the fifth… or twenty-fifth?), of how little he knew her. Worse had been the realisation, walking home very late one night from Mary’s, that he had been wondering how many miles the ring would travel, and how big a splash it’d make, if he simply chucked it in the Thames. Or better yet, he’d imagined, losing it on the way to work, getting mugged, having it involved in a great international inheritance fraud case, all of which ended in it being taken out of his hands, plus a little excitement besides. After that night he’d returned the ring, told Mary he’d phone soon, and begun thinking of ways he could break it off gently.
,’ he moaned, shifting back instinctively, his sleep-lax left hand clumsily shoving Sherlock’s hip against him and grinding him closer, harder, tighter — ‘Jesus,
but didn’t look up. It was nearly half-eight — definitely time for Sherlock to be needing some painkillers.
Even so, John couldn’t completely ignore the strangeness of it all, lying here in the dark in Sherlock’s room without him. Having once upon a time laid in his own room, listening through walls and doors and muted movements to Sherlock’s nocturnal
Bracing his right hand just under Sherlock’s armpit on the settee, John’s forehead bumped with Sherlock’s as he panted, drinking down air as Sherlock teased the nape of his neck with his fingers, kissing John’s cheek and jaw and neck with a purposefulness that made him see stars.
‘My research has shown that parrots are best trained through use of two speakers, one of whom the parrot will mimic in an attempt to converse with the former.’ Obviously, the bird would want to talk to him, having already identified him as friendly, therefore John would need to say the relevant phrases.
John folded onto the sofa and set his tea on the table. The rain seemed to be slowing outside, but then, he admitted internally, he had slept through the evening. He listened to the street and Sherlock’s breathing.
She was right, too. He didn’t really have money to give her. (He would find it, if he had to. Though he was
It was above all her earnest, genuine smile that made it possible for him to leave the room — and once he was out, he suddenly felt like he was choking with the need to leave the wallpaper, the house and everything in it, completely, if only for a few precious hours.
‘Are you certain you’re wearing it properly?’ Sherlock repeated for the third time, unclear as to why the dress – custom chosen to suit Molly’s body shape, colouring, and purpose this evening – was… falling flat. And if it was falling flat to
Sherlock had the audacity to roll his eyes but John ignored the blatant taunt, like tens of thousands of times before.
He had known this would happen — John wasn’t going to believe he knew only part of the story. Which was, in a very perverse way, flattering, but not at all conducive to John’s amenability to plans A or B. ‘We’re out of milk,’ Sherlock mock-frowned. (It was true: test cultures didn’t stop just for casework.)
‘Were the cows nice, then? Make some friends?’ he replies brightly. They’re in his old room—her room now, gone a bit pink and a lot untidy—and he sets her down on the edge of her bed. She sways where he sits her.
He blinked. Sherlock was watching him again, grey-green-blue-brown eyes gone large and receptive like saucers (flying saucers, more like). John’s skin itched all over.
‘I really think I’ve heard enough.’ With a soft but brittle chink of china, she set her teacup down, then walked briskly to the door, heels clacking on the slate floor, and held it open. ‘If these lies and hateful rumours are the best my father and his feeble-minded friends can do, you can tell them that their desperation is not convincing. Please
John blinked at him, mouth parting, and this his face softened and he smiled, just a small one, but it was there. He looked back to the floor, nodding to himself before meeting Sherlock’s eyes again. “Thank you, Sherlock,” he said, and the voice was his again. “For everything,” he added, smile brightening, and Sherlock returned it, something warm and liquid filling up his chest.
Mycroft’s expression crumpled, eyes pinching at the edges, and then he looked away, the final proof Sherlock refused to accept.
“Text from Mycroft,” Sherlock explained, twisting his phone toward John and waggling it in the air for emphasis.
“Sherlock?” she said a-little-too brightly, and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed with the suspicion John only felt. “Why don’t you give John a tour of the rest of the flat? The one upstairs, I mean.”
“What- We’re almost there!” Sherlock whined with an irritated wave of his arm at the entrance just up the path.
Sherlock’s face fell flat, and he narrowed his eyes in an icy glare before looking back to the window, prompting a chuckle from Lestrade.
John smiled in that bafflingly fond way he always did when Sherlock was certain he had really put his foot in his mouth this time. “Okay,” he said simply, and turned back to his desk, a closed smile still on his lips.
Sherlock uncrossed his arms, leaning back against the wall beside his bed, his fingers instinctively lifting beneath his chin as he considered the ever-more-complicated riddle of John Watson, directing his eyes at the back of the blond head. He quickly pulled his mobile out of his pocket and looked busy as the boy turned around.
Liquid fire rolled over his body, burning him from the blood out, and he could hear screaming even though he wasn’t sure he was actually making any sound. His neck rolled back, mouth stretched wide as his jaw worked, trying to suck in air his lungs weren’t ready for, and he registered dimly that John was saying something, something impossible, something about beautiful, and then, like dropping back into his body, it was over, sound rushing back into his ears as he heard his own heaving breaths. His hand slipped from John’s hair, no feeling left in his arms, and he could barely keep his eyes open, blinking dazedly up at the blurry visage of John’s face.
“I pray you, pass with your best violence,” Émile replied, a groan from behind them greeting the words.
“World Cup starts tonight,” he said, Sherlock familiar enough with John to know what that meant, however much the sport itself remained a mystery.
to the event. He had received texts, frantic pleas for restaurant recommendations or post-farewell assessments, but he’d never been there to see John off, to witness the polishing and prepping firsthand, and his mind couldn’t help but wander down a very different path of possibility.
It was impossible to say how long he laid there, curled up and staring without seeing as the late afternoon light was swallowed by darkness. He came to at odd points, a glass of water and a sandwich sitting on the table in front of him the first time, the fire lit sometime later, and there was a distant awareness of constant muffled voices and opening and closing doors, but no one talked to him, he didn’t think, and that was probably just as well.
Resolving himself to not let Molly see his schedule next semester, he begrudgingly weaved his way through the shelves, finally finding the source of his urgent errand, and then racing to the nearest checkout desk, not wanting to accidentally be drawn into conversation with the type of people likely to be mingling about the poetry section. As he approached the counter, his mobile chimed in his pocket, and he withdrew it, placing the book and his student ID on the ledge.
“Do you want-” John blurted overtop of him, thumping down a step to see around the wall between them, both of them stopping to blink at one another before dropping their chins with shy puffs of laughter. “Well then,” John murmured, lifting his eyes, the timid smile illuminated in the soft yellow light of the staircase knocking Sherlock breathless, “your place or mine?” A corner of his lips twitched higher, reassurance of the jest, and Sherlock looked back over his shoulder, considering a moment before pulling the door shut behind him.
“I don’t know,” Lestrade said evenly, looking between them, “but, whatever it is, we won’t figure it out by ripping one another’s throats out. Okay?”
On Tuesday, Sherlock barely made it to the café, stumbling over the edge of one of the black mats as he drew up to where Molly was raising a brow at him from behind the cash.
John sighed, shaking his head as he pushed off the door, stepping into the bathroom as he tugged his jumper over his head.
“Yeah, why is that?” John asked, and Sherlock laughed, shaking his head as he shrugged down at the ground.
“Fascinating,” he hissed, and Seb’s confidence finally wavered as John ambled toward him, seemingly unconcerned. “Really, great stuff, but, if you don’t mind”—John lifted a hand toward him, as if to ask for permission he didn’t wait for—“I have a story for
“Ri-” He broke off, matching Sherlock’s smirk with a stony expression. “You’re hilarious,” he deadpanned, and Sherlock graduated to a grin. “Seriously, my sides are splitting.”
Lord Chaplin’s pointed face was closer than expected, Sherlock strangling a gasp in his throat and trying not to lean back too abruptly. “The car has arrived,” he said, gesturing toward the front window, a stiff-shouldered John ducking into the open door of their black car idling against the curb.
“Not with something like this! And, even if you could, I wouldn’t let you!” He stopped just inside a meter away, a few strands of his slicked-back hair coming loose as he shook his head. “It’s my
John chuckled softly to himself as he rounded the back of the dormitory, holding his breath as he passed the dumpsters and tapped out a reply.
It was only when the pale head was a distant dot bobbing against the deep green of the night-shaded grass that either one of them moved.
“Er,” Sherlock murmured, peering out from around the door of his wardrobe, a guilty grimace on the half of his face John could see. “All of it?” he squeaked, and, after a moment of simply staring, John sighed, shaking his head fondly as he pulled the suitcase from beneath Sherlock’s bed.
He flicked on the light as he closed the bathroom door, his reflection appearing in the water-splattered mirror, and Mrs. Hudson’s concern suddenly made much more sense.
“And the pesto chicken,” he continued, dropping the plate in front of the man, who merely flicked his head in acknowledgement. John tucked the empty tray under his arm, smiling blandly between them. “Your regular server will be over shortly to check in, but is there anything I can get you right now?” he asked, and the man grunted indistinctly, shaking his head.
Rugby was brutal, and John loved it. Their positions weren’t exactly set as the first practice came to a close, Coach Powles wanting to make sure everyone got a chance at everything first, but John could make an educated guess. Coach seemed to favor him as one of the second-row forwards, but John wondered if that might be because Mike was the other one, or at least he had been last year. They worked together as a team better than any other pair out there, constantly anticipating and communicating in cross-field glances and gestures formed through years of secondary-school rugby. John had also been prompted to try out halfback, center, and, to his great surprise, hooker, but he was under no disillusions that he could jump right into a position as important as that when he had only just arrived at Langley. His teammates hardly even knew him; they certainly weren’t about to start taking orders from him.
the game, so why does it matter if I understandit?” Sherlock groaned, closing his eyes as he tilted his head backward and let it drag him down to collapse on the grass.
“What did Mycroft tell you to do?” Sherlock interjected, impatience sharpening his tone, and John swallowed, continuing with a barebones approach.
“Victor was…none too subtle with his wandering eye,” he explained as efficiently as possible, hoping brevity would stave off most of the awkwardness, and, though John once again appeared curious, he also continued the tradition of not asking.
“You’re in a hurry today,” she remarked as he tugged open the backdoor, front seat measurements apparently absolutes no matter how advanced you were intellectually. “Was the party that bad?”
, but it at least seemed to calm him. He would abandon whatever book he was in the process of throwing and lay down on his bed, usually facedown with an eye-rollingly dramatic sigh, interrupting John’s reading periodically to insist that the characters’ behavior was moronic.
John sighed, a quick huff of exasperation, and Sherlock felt a strange stab to hear the sound directed at someone else. “No,
They ate silently, John pushing more and more bits of their shared meal to Sherlock’s side of the dish when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking. Nearly through the plate of chips, Sherlock was slowly biting through the fried skin when John broke the quiet.
They then fell silent, John spinning his straw through the melting ice of his drink as he checked his watch.
John’s cheeks hurt from smiling as he looked back toward the front door. “Sure you’re not,” he murmured, and he could
“Because you wouldn’t hide!” Sherlock countered, lifting his hands in earnest urging. “You would’ve taken it as a challenge, been even less careful!”
“You should go,” he said, nodding after the scattering team. “They’ll want to toast to your success.”
“Well?” John prompted as the merriment died down, and Sherlock frowned, confused. “How did you know all that?” he elaborated, waving a hand, as if the words still hovered in the air overhead. “Me moving to London, the younger sibling. My
“Sherlock!” Mycroft appeared from his left, Sherlock distracted enough not to notice him at first, which was the only reason he got ahold of him, grabbing onto a shoulder as his other arm wrapped across Sherlock’s chest in an attempt to push him backward. “Sherlock, stop!” his brother urged, wrestling against his writhing body. “We have to get you out of here, it’s not safe!”
Sherlock was going to die, was going to spontaneously combust and leave a mess of ashes for the maids to roll their eyes at tomorrow when they came in after he’d supposedly left for school.
“Alright, alright, you just- just lean there for a second, okay?” Sherlock muttered, and John nodded, but Sherlock had to keep a hand pressed into his chest to steady him against the wall regardless. “There,” Sherlock said, pushing open the door in front of them, “now why don’t you-” But John was already gone, rolling around the edge of the doorway to stumble into the dorm.
,” he restated pointedly, Irene sucking her lips in over her teeth to indicate silence, “on the way back...and then later too...we sort of...” He lifted his hands in front of him, palms bouncing together as he bobbed his interlaced fingers back and forth.
“We’ll see,” Irene retorted, and Sherlock genuinely chuckled along with the others that time, tilting his head back as he watched the smoke drift up from his lips to the sky.
“No one is going to make fun of you,” he stated, and Sherlock’s eyes widened in a flash of surprise, his mouth closing. “And, if they do,” John continued with a bob of his head, “just do what I would do.”
Marcus, John, and Sherlock sat opposite, with Sherlock sitting at the end of the table, something he insisted on both for personal space and ease of escape. Menus were scattered around the tables, being passed here and there to those who beckoned, but, for the most part, everyone seemed to have come prepared, and food and drinks were ordered when the waitress returned with a small army to carry and distribute the appetizers.
“He wasn’t a creep,” Sherlock urged, trying to regulate his breathing as his stomach rolled again, caught up in an emotion he couldn’t quite put a name to, a kind of angry desperation that nibbled at the corners of his eyes. “We were just talking.”
Molly huffed, clearly disagreeing as she looked haughtily away, and John smiled, shaking his head at her before turning back to Sherlock.
The air shook with the slap, John’s head curled out of sight around the doorframe as Irene crossed her arms in front of her, even Lyle’s conversation gone quiet as he stared, slack-jawed, at the scene unfolding before them.
“It’s okay,” he breathed into Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock felt something break inside of him, something he wasn’t sure he’d ever be able to piece back together. “It’s okay,” Mycroft repeated, but they both knew better, and Sherlock gripped tight to Mycroft’s cardigan, tears flowing freely over the burgundy wool as he tried to sob away the ache in his heart.
Mycroft turned his head away, tongue pressing against the side of his cheek, while Lestrade simply smiled, ducking the gesture to the ground as he coughed.
John laughed, nodding back, happy his forcibly-implemented system was being put to good use after an unpleasant almost-explosion with the morning coffee. “I’ll be back to help you after I find everybody,” he said, tossing a glance over his shoulder to check the corridor behind him.
“No talking to the swans.” Mycroft moved into view around the tree, umbrella crunching against the ground one step ahead of him. “Don’t make me tell the queen on you,” he added with a mocking lift of his brows, and Sherlock spared a moment to glare at him before looking back out across the water.
His eyes were sharp, darkening as they scanned over Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock froze under the scrutiny, not even breathing lest that be the wrong thing to do. Slowly, the earnest crease in John’s forehead eased, his shoulders lowering as the tension drained from the muscles, and Sherlock abruptly realized what he was looking for, his grey eyes dropping as he shook his head.
“I- And, in retrospect, perhaps it was taking rather more liberties than I ought to have,” Sherlock muttered, bobbing his head at the aside, “but I- You wanted to go—clearly Bart’s was your first choice—but you didn’t apply and- Well, you already had your predicted grades for the other schools, and had taken the UKCAT, and I filled out the rest of the application based on your other ones. I reused one of the essays—the questions are always so similar on these things—and copied your handwriting, and- Well…” He shrugged, shoulders shifting beneath his blue plaid shirt as he quieted, returning to biting at his lip, waving John on with a quick flick of his hand.
Rattling a particularly blush-worthy one from his head, he pushed his safety glasses further up the bridge of his nose, dropping a sample onto a slide with a pipette before slipping it under the microscope, leaning down to squint through the lighted lens as he adjusted the focus.
Sherlock stayed behind him, which was odd enough, but he also stayed quiet, which made John even more nervous than he already was.
“I was going to do Cheese and Onion,” Sherlock said, picking up his tongs again, “but I think Paprika might be more impressive.” He looked up at John with a dangerous smirk.
“Alright,” John repeated, and Sherlock’s lips twitched at the smile in his voice. “I’ll text you when I’m done, yeah?”
“Actually, you’re right on time,” Irene said, hopping to the edge of the sofa and placing her tea on the coffee table before crossing her legs and folding her hands on a knee. “I was just telling John about my career goals.”
“I know,” Sherlock interrupted, and John would probably be annoyed at that later, but, for the moment, he couldn’t possibly give less of a damn. “But they were all far away, and- Well, you didn’t want to go to any of them anyway, and now you’re thinking about the
But, John hated to admit. He was also fascinating. Mysterious. Shrewd, but only in so much as he was brilliant, his eyes always alight with some secret understanding, the depth of his gaze lifting the hairs on the back of John’s neck.
John's hand cupped the back of his neck, fingers catching in his hair as they curled, and Sherlock’s irritation left him in a moan, giving birth to frustration of a
“I’m sure,” Sherlock answered with a nod. “He never goes anywhere,” he added, smiling as Mrs. Watson laughed.
“’Dinner’,” Sherlock clarified, talking to the side of his face as he passed up the drink with a quickly summoned customer-service smile. “You wrote ‘Dinner’.”
“Probably for the best,” Sherlock clipped with a single, official nod. “You appear to be wearing most of the pitch.”
Lestrade narrowed his eyes at him, and it would have been intimidating if the probing gaze was not dwarfed by Sherlock’s.
John waited a moment for him to catch up, and they walked together to the rubbish bins, where John cleared his tray and deposited the plates and flatware in the appropriate spots.
To his dresser first. Then the closet. The bed. Back to the closet. The bed again. Walking toward the door.
“With what?” John asked, or at least intended to ask, but some of his mounting frustrating inadvertently leaked into the syllables, causing his tone to snap and Sherlock’s fingers to halt mid-twist on a dial. John swallowed, twisting his hands together in front of him, a few knuckles popping loudly in the silence. “I-I mean, is it for a case?”
John grinned, pushing off the bed and snatching his jacket, not even bothering to lock the door behind him as he grabbed his phone and ran down the corridor after the beckoning voice.
“Raid was a bust,” Lestrade muttered, shaking his head bitterly as he checked the magazine of his gun, stroking down the line of bullets. “Obvious we just missed ‘em, which means-”
him?” He looked down at the tab of the file in his hand, eyebrows closing in on one another. “And why did you give me the Jones file?”
“I’ll drive you,” John said, the words rushing over his lips the instant the idea dawned on him, and he stood quickly before anyone could object, pulling his wallet from his back pocket and counting out enough to cover both his and Sherlock’s meals, Sherlock almost seeming not to notice apart from a faint narrowing of his eyes as John pressed the notes against the tablecloth. “I live nearby anyway.”
Sherlock found himself drawn in as well, a smile growing on his face as he looked between John and his cackling mother, but it was when his eyes met Harry’s that he grinned properly, the older girl shaking her head fondly at him across their plates of meatloaf.
John’s face quickly fell, the laughter freezing on his lips as he slowly closed them, eyes scanning with growing horror. “What… What is that?”
Sherlock closed the file, heart palpitations dissipating with the covering of skin, and turned to face John.
“Yeah, well, when you’ve seen a guy in a green morph suit ride by on a unicycle,” he said, volume climbing to be heard over Sherlock’s bursting laugh, “you can pretty much keep a straight face through anything.”
shiny hair, but some things will be different, and, when John’s eyes find his through the gathering of family and friends, a corner of his mouth lifting in that signature smirk, Sherlock will have no trouble grinning back.
“About two,” Sherlock replied, voice drifting away, footfalls suggesting he’d crossed the room. “But I’m not sure you ever entirely came back.”
Uncomfortable at being taken aback, he did what all emotionally stunted adults do in the face of a compliment and laughed, a high chuckle that bounced against the window as he looked out at the thickening snow. “If you have low standards,” he muttered, and Greg just laughed, letting him slide back into his thoughts.
Sherlock bowed his head to the ground, stomach swirling. “I can’t imagine doing something like that,” he whispered, remembering Redbeard rounding the corner, scratching at his bright red bow and capturing Sherlock’s heart. “How do you handle it?” He looked up, searching between John’s questioning eyes. “Volunteering there. I think I’d want to kill half the people who walked through the door.”
His father shook his head, scanning him up and down with an expression of complete revulsion. “You should be glad your mother’s not alive to see this,” he hissed, and Sherlock snapped his head up, eyes stinging at the corners as they widened in horror. “She’d hate what you’ve become.”
Harry gaped at her a moment, stunned, and then slowly smiled, shaking her head at her plate as a chuckle built up to rattle her thin frame.
The game was, predictably, a blowout. Sheffield, living up to their reputation, had played a thoroughly unpleasant game, culminating in some rather creative curses as they shook hands down the line after the final whistle. Sherlock had not been needed much beyond a threatening presence on the bench, which was where he sat now, plucking at the white sleeves of his new jacket as he waited to load back onto the coach, his trench coat left behind in his seat.
?” He moved across the room, craning his head to look up at the draping crystals that spanned the center of the spiral staircase. “There’s another
“You can’t possibly accurately assess your condition right now,” Sherlock clipped, because why couldn’t John let someone else be the doctor for a change?
Dimmock turned around, eyes bright, and John flicked a raised eyebrow at Sherlock, who was already engrossed in the exchange, looking between their faces with narrowed eyes.
John wanted to scream the windows out, to grab Sherlock by the collar he refused to wrap a tie around and demand to know what was going on, but instead he only brushed off Mary’s concern with a muttered: “I’m just tired, that’s all”, and tried to ignore the buzzing feeling on the back of his neck that always accompanied Sherlock’s stare. He didn’t walk Mary to Maths, saying he had to talk to a teacher—he could lie too, after all—and rushing straight to their dorm in hopes of catching Sherlock, but the detective was gone, and John’s inquiring text went unanswered.
, including a rather ominous looking candelabra perched on the piano playing softly in the corner, the whole thing coming across a little more foreboding than romantic as far as he was concerned.
“Oh, that-that was my roommate, sir- Coach!” John corrected with a snap, and Coach Powles laughed, shaking his head down at the floor. “It…it was actually his idea. That play,” John ventured, not wanting Sherlock to get into trouble for being on the sidelines.
“Okay,” John chirped, the cheerful tone edged with frustration. He began eating, focusing intently down at his plate so he didn’t have to know if Sherlock was still staring at him.
A flip of a lid later, there was a low whistle behind him, and Sherlock watched over his shoulder as John wriggled the silver watch from its case, darting his gaze back to the suitcase before the blond could catch his eyes.
“I’m not sure that still applies when you’re surrounded by fireworks,” John said, laughing when Sherlock conceded the point with a tilt of his head. “Ready?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded as he turned back to the tangled electronics in his hands, tapping and flicking at a few things before sitting it down on the grass in front of him.
“Oh, you’re an artist?” he asked, though he already knew, but it would stifle the conversation somewhat to let on he had read her entire life’s story before leaving the castle that morning.
John physically recoiled from the barely whispered word, as if Sherlock had struck him instead, and Sherlock swallowed, steadying himself as he shook his head.
“Er…hello,” John said, lifting his hand in greeting, and then embarrassedly pressed it back to his side as he remembered the boy couldn’t see him. “I- I’m your new roommate, Jo-”
Sherlock scoffed. “In three weeks?” He turned back to the fire, shaking his head down at the flames. “This is- I don’t even-”
John interrupted before it could get too far, hoping Sherlock would take the hint and stay himself. The whole fake smiling bit rather disquieted him. “Do you wanna come in?” he asked, gesturing between Harry and the interior. “Or we could go somewhere. Into town? There’s a few cafés that should be open,” he rambled, lifting his wrist to check his watch.
“Talk?” Sherlock scoffed, more because his throat was closing up than for any derisive reason, but John couldn’t have known that, his eyes narrowing sharply at the flippancy.
“If this guy’s as important as you say he is, why would he need you?” Lestrade muttered, clearly an attempt to rile more information out of Ethan by wounding his ego, and it would most likely work. “You’re just a Uni dropout. Why not get someone more qualified to take out his competition, someone smart enough not to get caught?”
“You’re bleeding,” he’d said simply, gesturing to the limb, and Sherlock had twisted his arm in front of him, examining the wound.
Before he knew it, the room was emptying, and he looked up at the clock, startled to find it was 2:00 already.
“Hello, boys,” sang a familiar voice, and the bags parted to reveal the grinning face of Irene Adler. “Let’s have dinner!” She pushed between them, forcing her way into the flat, although Sherlock offered no resistance.
take her to see it,” she urged, a cunning glint in her innocent gaze. “We usually watch from the ballroom,” she added to Molly, “but it’s much better to be down with the crowd, I think. Or, at least, it was when I was younger. Lately, I rarely see the countdown to midnight at all.” She laughed, and Molly chuckled, color crawling back into her cheeks. “We’ll make sure to let you go with plenty of time,” the queen assured, nodding at her and Greg before returning to her spot at the head of the table, Anderson pulling her chair out and tucking it back in beneath her before the rest of them took their seats. “My son has requested we start without him, but shouldn’t be long.” She pulled her arms back so one of the staff waiting along the wall could drape a napkin over her lap, someone appearing to do the same for the rest of them a moment after. “He’s misjudged how verbose the speaker can be. Again,” she muttered, Greg and Mike chuckling while Molly and him could only smile, somewhat left out of the joke. “So,” she urged, folding her hands out to the room at large, “shall we start with wine?”
.) Now, though, as so often lately, it was a stacking of squabbles that coalesced into an avalanche.
caught their attention: the parrot, it seemed, was trying to attract Sgt. Challa’s attention and had in the attempt all but fallen to the floor of her cage.
‘The mandala was complete,’ replied the man, with a nod of his almost completely balded head. ‘And so we return it to the earth, to restore harmony. It is a symbol of healing. Another mandala will be created in time, and be destroyed in time. There is nothing permanent in this world.’
, he thought furiously, eyes caressing every inch of Sherlock’s waxen face, including his unnaturally closed eyes, including where the oxygen mask was strapped over his beautiful mouth.
They sat there for a moment. John didn’t know if she was waiting for him to get up first, or just wanted to work in the kitchen for a bit. On balance, he hedged, ’Time to get back to work, I guess. If you’re finished.’
‘If you want this to stop, now would be a very good time to say so,’ he informed him, voice muffled by his thick tongue.
‘He knows the name you requested, if you prompt him,’ Sherlock informed Baker, with a small, almost imperceptible smile.
Re-emerging, he felt an unusual craving for food. (A perfectly acceptable tin of cake frosting and some of John’s ‘nutrition’ exercise bars (the things were stuffed with all sorts of sugars and preservatives: the only sense in which they were ‘nutritional’ was in the definitional sense, that any edible object had various properties which would, in a pinch, prevent a human being from starving) sufficed for a small breakfast. Fortunately these were the nice ones, with dark chocolate and cherries.)
‘The question is,’ Sherlock said, looking up as though visualising the room around himself, ‘why is Bradstreet so interested in Horner for the theft? Even a thief who could steal the Blue Carbuncle would not be simultaneously so idiotic and yet so brazen as to return to the hotel to finish work, particularly not one with a record for an offensively clumsy get-away plan in Wiltshire.’
call from Harry, no help from anyone who wasn’t employed by the fucking NHS, a stranger with whom he shared those familiar and distant four walls, and now — the door
‘Er,’ Ryder enlightened them usefully. Sherlock rolled his eyes and stepped around the imbecile. Ryder’s now twice-drenched sleeves were dripping into their carpet. ‘Right, so – I’ll just – just take that address for the bird off you and, erm, be on my way.’
Still, it was only early. Sherlock had looked set to get stuck in to reading up on Gruener’s background, hacking his finances or scouring the message boards or hosting a scouts’ meeting of the Irregulars, or something, John hadn’t caught the exact plan, distracted by the peculiar email from Mary.
John, revolver in hand and a smile to calm a hurricane on his face, looks lovingly down at him. ‘Mycroft, if you wouldn’t mind leaving us alone for a moment. I think Sherlock’s finding you a tad… unhelpful.’
His brother had the decency to look somewhat uncomfortable, though he could not possibly be as regretful as Sherlock, who felt darkly that this was exactly the sort of behaviour that would preclude John from wanting to repeat
A low, powerful snarl was useful not only for intimidation but pain-management. He siphoned his tedious corporeal distractions into reinforcing his fatigued vocal chords with an icy tone. ‘Bring me the knife and I’ll do whatever “tricks” you like.’
‘Do you ever work with music on?’ Molly wondered, only about ten minutes after everything had faded but the crackling of the fire and the hum of the refrigerator and the occasional
His chest felt ringingly hollow, a house bombed out and empty, walls still reverberating from the blast. He was fairly sure he would crumple to the ground if he tried to get to his feet, and the last thing they needed was for him to get a knock on the head and need stitches. Even so, it didn’t seem fair that the one battlescar on his body from a wound that had nearly killed him was from a bullet on dusty road and not from the echoing, gaping agony of loving a man who refused to take seriously John’s desperate pronouncement that losing Sherlock again would actually kill him. Sherlock’s freshly-hewn tissue under a mat of cotton wool and padding and surgical sutures would, of course, leave a permanent mark. The fact that, at least this time, John knew where the scar had come from was like sea water in his lungs.
, he thought, but one of them had to be civil, particularly if the police were refusing to cooperate with Sherlock. And he was good at flirting, as convincing as Sherlock was at fake-crying. He altered his stance, and smirked. ‘No worries, I’m off-duty. Now–’
him. There’s just no way you, bloodhound that you are, would ever give up the scent if there’s even a
do. In reality, Gruener at least is — well, if not too clever, at least too shrewd, too careful to keep something that
‘See you there then?’ He swooped down and pecked Sherlock firmly on the lips, then, finding Sherlock’s hands creeping under his jacket to slide his hands alongside his belt, John smirked and followed the first with a second kiss (the promising kind, the sort that pushed Sherlock back into the soft leather of his chair and scattered his thoughts slightly).
Her face soured with pity, disgust, disappointment, who could tell? — a muddle of negative emotions too entangled for him to make any stick — and she took a step backwards from him.
Her eyes, shining with clear tears, flicked over to Sherlock, then back to John. After a moment she breathed, ‘After.’
‘We already know that he records his episodes and that he photographs them,’ Sherlock carried on unemotionally, hands perfectly still. ‘What I need to know is if you can tell us anything about
Outside, he inhaled the first proper deep breath since entering his windowless cell of an exam office that morning. Rolling his neck and twisting his spine to crack from the long while at his desk, John smirked all over again at the burn in his sides, his legs, his own wrists…
Somewhere on the margins of his thoughts, he was aware that he stood here, a middle-aged, care-wrinkled man in the middle of a absurdly dull day at work, hems of his trousers speckled with tomato that he was trying to blot with a tongue-dampened napkin,
, John wanted to bellow, but the house already smelled like an old-age home after a memorial service.
Behind one tower of cheap steel shelves, a thin maroon curtain veiled the single window and the river beyond. Heart thudding, John placed a hand silently at his back, prepared to be jumped or shoved or blinded or any of the other possible attacks they had occasionally been treated to, just in the four months since resuming casework. Sherlock simply yanked the curtain aside.
By the time they lay back down, Sherlock was shivering beneath his fingers, face tucked in once more to John’s neck, breathing jaggedly.
Comments and feedback generally give me life. Other than that: Happy New Year -- ie, Happy Oh God I Can't Look But I Can't Not Look.
‘Have you seen this one?’ asked John, though clearly he was eager to watch it. ‘I don’t think we got this far when we were doing our marathon.’
He had never wanted, though he undeniably enjoyed the theatrics of it, to be a self-diagnosed sociopath flouncing about as if in a perpetual fourteen-year old strop. (Being an adolescent had been a tedious, horrific enough experience when it was happening.) Nor did he desire to become Mycroft, sitting in his palatial office or home and not knowing the one from the other, allowing his mind to form into well-ordered and highly-polished machinery. Sherlock loved the leap, the jolt of the streets, the amazing always-fascinating possibility of what interesting thing people might be up to. (They disappointed more often then not, but – as John was so ready to remind him – not always.) The fact that he, the great Sherlock Holmes, might have to
At which point it occurred to him that he was either going to have to venture into the kitchen in his pants and vest, do the walk of shame in his own flat, or…
, Sherlock had said. John’s stomach cramped on nothing and he frowned miserably down at Sherlock (system drifting off the anaesthesia and towards the morphine drip, unlikely to be fully conscious for another few hours) and John worried at his back teeth with his tongue, because he couldn’t cry with his jaw like that, he had learned from years of losing people, losing people he loved and people he barely knew, and because crying didn’t help. God help him, he did like it: he loved the life they led, dangerous — nothing by halves — and nothing out of bounds any more, but like Mrs. Hudson said, you couldn’t have everything you wanted in this life, and apparently he was destined to have Sherlock tear at the heart of him, a little bit at a time.
Mind refreshed, body sated (chocolate, cherries; dumplings only twelve hours ago; John’s kisses last night, and one across his forehead this morning on the sofa as he dashed out this morning) but itching for proper exercise, he found his mobile.
Evidently she appreciated all he could (or couldn’t) pack in to this simple statement, and set the cup down on the nightstand, jostling around him in the small, overcrowded room to give him the chair. The cushion had been worn down over the years to a flat, thin bit of faded, brick-coloured wool, all the stuffing gone lifeless with use.
Sherlock studied him. This was another mutually supported, nonverbally consensual arrangement. Whenever John wanted sex (which was, Sherlock had learned, possibly all the time, but reasonably speaking meant an average of 2.2 days, with fluctuations for fatigue, post-case hormonal swings, and impatience and/or indulgence with Sherlock), he hovered slightly unnecessarily between wherever Sherlock was and the bedroom, making frequent eye contact and otherwise broadcasting his elevated libido. In some cases, Sherlock either didn’t or chose not to notice, at which point John took himself to manage the problem unilaterally (roughly 30% of the time); other times, Sherlock happened to/elected to be involved in the process, enjoying — always — kissing and mapping John, taking in his smell and taste and weight and pressure, thus arriving at a satisfactory result for both of them (though with different definitions of what constituted attainment of this goal): this made up the bulk (roughly 55%) of their intercourse, a fact which initially, John had confessed, made him feel guilty for being the only one who climaxed, but which he had taken in stride as something Sherlock more or less preferred. (The look on John's face as he approached, unblinking, while Sherlock played or slowly put down his violin was, some days, as much seduction as he could handle.) Only an approximate 3 out of 20 times saw Sherlock himself partaking in orgasm, usually immediately before John’s. These instances were therefore surprisingly common, relative to the amount of sex he had had in the whole of his life before beginning with John. They were, though, he could admit to himself and, in the event, to John, superb: electrifying and soothing in equal erotic measure.
Then again, last night he’d been working and had eventually curled up (on his side, drooling, inward facing the cushion) on the sofa, while John had optimistically left his space free on the right side of the bed.
Christopher practically sobbed a laugh of relief and leapt out of the cab, shuffling past him on clumsy feet as they made for the front door. The cabbie made a scoffing noise and muttered something John emphatically did not want to hear before speeding away into the night.
I have, for some years—indeed, since my return from the dustier Afghan provinces to the swirling metropole—, been a member of several societies of various interests and purposes, to which I lend what time and energies I can between my engagements with my intimate friend, Sherlock Holmes. Certain local medical societies, including the boards of a few of their attendant journals; my social club, of course, of which I had been a member since joining Her Majesty’s army; another for veterans of that same service, which largely devolved into committees for sport on the rugby pitch, and for the art of drinking truly unconscionable amounts of beer and brandy; a writer’s guild; and so on. Holmes, naturally, is more inclined to the finer arts, music being his preferred medium and subject. (Few of his activities require such tremendous contributions in the forms spirits or gambling debts as any one of mine.)
For the next few hours, he threw himself into a series of self-imposed tasks. He walked the long circular route of Regents Park, in open defiance of the stifling air that threatened rain, a regulated march stopped only when he felt sweat gathering clammily at his collar. Then he ducked over to a café across the road, sitting outside beneath the awning and made some phone calls. First to the clinic, to accept some shifts for the following week; next to the hardware shop across town, who still had yet to receive the cleaner he needed to remove the metal stains from the kitchen table; to his mate from uni, Miles Hearn, wishing his answer phone a happy birthday and offering a pint for the next time he came up from Berwick. He ignored the double-beep during his message of an incoming call, and the later chimes of texts once he had hung up. Even so, when he finished it was only early afternoon, and his leg was stiff from an uneven day of activity and inactivity. He ignored his body and ventured back into the park.
‘Bradstreet and Peterson are expecting us,’ Sherlock repeated evenly. With that, he swept out of the room, leaving John blinking across the empty whorl of his bed after him.
Suze was now laughing hoarsely (self-preserve and rationality fraying). ‘All the little girls whose lives will be scarred forever?
His loss of a full stone (all right, 252 ounces at its worst) during his absence evidently upset John, just as his lack of ‘healthy’ eating or exercise or sleep had bothered him during their previous cohabitation. These of course were only some of the behaviours which John found annoying, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate, but Sherlock had previously made a rather gleeful practice of ignoring his ministrations.
, so he pushed the heel of his hand up along John’s testicles (‘UGH!’) and swallowed nothing while John jerked,
He managed just at the last moment to get himself under Sherlock, pulling him down over him in a rush and only hitting his own unconcussed head on the tile, mouthing at whatever part of Sherlock he could reach, and then suddenly everything was essentially a blur because Sherlock’s hands and mouth were ruthless but his eyes were searching and adoring and John couldn’t help but feel like this was the icing on the cake of a dream-like day: blowjobs at 3 pm on the kitchen floor.
Climbing the stairs, he heard the muffled conversation of the deep familiar voice and — a woman, talking in wide vowels punctuated with a piercing laugh. John could imagine Sherlock’s look of unconcealed distaste. Still surprising, how the smallest things visibly ruffled him, when the enormous things sent him retreating into himself, outwardly still and unmoved.
Sherlock huffed impatiently and crowded further into the constable’s vision. ‘Water,’ he enunciated, ‘towel,
; inconvenient, return to later), meaning Mrs. Hudson was probably enjoying one of her herbal soothers by now, cooking finished and ‘her boys’ taken care of.
‘Christ,’ John jumped, and he swiftly moved to repay the gesture, struggling to tug Sherlock’s shirt off. As it popped over his head and ruffled his mess of curls John bent up to lick his right nipple.
‘Mmm,’ Sherlock murmured, inwardly euphoric with relief and letting a small percentage show through the surface. ‘My research paid off, as usual.’
After another few hours of skimming through the various books looking for any mentions of secret cupboards, hidden backs to antique picture frames, miniature stamps or rings or anything that could be rolled out and printed as needed, John couldn’t quite keep his focus much longer. He stood up with a embarrassingly middle-aged grunt, cracking his back and muscles as he stretched upward. As he bent back to collect the now-cooled food, he found Sherlock looking up at him.
. T'would be spoilers to say more but it came up there and seemed to be to be a nice Victorian/modern blending of Gruener's original scrapbook method, because come on, a master villain is not going to go
John could have kicked him; would have, too, had the man not also been on painkillers and blood thinners and less than a full night’s sleep in about a fortnight. (That last very nearly applied to John too, but… who was counting?)
She crossed her arms and looked him over, appraising. ‘My husband made a similar remark to me, the day before our wedding. I’m not an overly romantic person by nature, but… I was afraid, really, that people would talk – a fashion model, marrying into a title, and all that. “Is it the gossip you’re worried about?” he asked me. “I’m only afraid I’ll miss the chance to spend my life with you.”’ She smiled. ‘Of course, later I discovered he had shamelessly stolen that line from a book, but by then I’d married him.’
An ever-so-slightly shorter chapter but WOW if you weren't sure about the rating before, you best be certain now.
of a second of recognition in her eyes before she was on the floor, knocked cold – or faking it –, blood glinting gem-like from one nostril –
Quick costumes changes were in fact a forté of his. Thus Sherlock deftly thumbed himself out of his shirt and just-dry cleaned trousers and socks, sitting back from John, divested of all of it in record time. All the while John, leant back on his heels, was watching this with charcoal eyes, less than adroitly removing his own (ridiculous) cardigan and shirt and
Bradstreet waited another moment, looking between them, unsure. Sherlock said nothing but pushed past, so quickly the motion-sensing lights were still flickering as he marched through the doors. The inspector looked uncomfortably at John. ‘Everything all right there, Doctor Watson?’ he ventured in an undertone.
of her product-stiffened peroxide-blonde hair, Suze’s choked up frown made John want to find Gruener himself, to make sure the bastard felt every ounce of pain he’d unleashed on others.
Sherlock glared at him, assessing, and John's nails bit into his palms and he refused to speak first for fear he’d just shout some more.
? Every argument since his return continued to be reducible to their perpetual, haphazard attempt come to terms with the consequences of the Lazarus affair (
, where the ruse he had initially devised for himself – with his and John’s tandem skills, their almost perfect synchrony and minimal need for spoken interaction in mind. How foolish, it seemed suddenly, to send
The entirety of his walk to the Hotel Cosmopolitan – he categorically dismissed the idea of a taxi, daring it to tip down on him today, of all fucking days of his life – he strung together a collection of nouns, adjectives, and even verbs (
I strode over and sat heavily beside him, all but throwing the volume onto his chest. As his feet were then draped elegantly — I should say childishly or impolitely, but as he well knew, I found it familiar and endearing, as I found nearly everything about him — over the arm of our sofa, the sudden arrival of my mass on the seat-cushions served to jostle his head into my shoulder.
A few references here to Sherlock's prior relationships, from the timeline of this story -- and now canon-noncompliant (post-series 4). It's not much so if you haven't read the previous two parts of this series, you should be fine, but if it doesn't make sense, that may be why. [I hope that's why.]
Head's up: some series 4 references in here. Since this 'verse and the show arc are still quite plainly separate, I'm not sure they count as spoilers (or at least -- if you haven't seen the show -- they won't be obvious as such), but in case you're very opposed to even a whiff of a hint of a thing that happened in the tv series, here's your Exit.
, a breathless white-hot flaying that won’t stop, is becoming inseparable from all other sensation — he keeps going —
John clenched and released his hand on his thigh, just once wishing Sherlock would ignore his directions and
,’ Sherlock had murmured, wishing there had been a second kiss, one enough to scandalise the entire crowd of morning tourists and fellow Londoners, the bulk of whom had seemed to find it compulsory to expose their pale, often overweight flesh to the sun at the first sign of even partially cloudless weather. The miracle of John Watson had been, as ever, not merely that he was not one of those so compelled, but that — unlike approximately everyone on the planet — his was still the only body Sherlock wanted to take home and explore. (Well. Only living body.) ‘I’ll keep that in mind for attracting your attention next time.’
He hadn’t decided on a gift for the anniversary he was now 86% certain he had either missed or was imminently in danger of missing. John was not overly inclined to gifts (his somewhat Spartan nature, reinforced through the circumstances of his life, meant his material desires were few). Did this count? Sitting at some form of a party at which he contributed almost nothing, displeased with the cheating going on to his left as the rules of the parlour game were repeatedly and brazenly broken, annoyed with the inanity of every conversation he tuned in and immediately out of, keeping his mouth shut lest he ‘spoil the evening’ by informing any of the aforementioned of their wearisome, common idiocies? (A project that was getting ever more precarious as the effects of the overly-sweet G&T fractionally altered his system.)
His kisses slowly became frantic, edged with teeth that brought a full rosy flush to Sherlock’s lips, if only to remind Sherlock which one of them had the upper hand here. Come to think of which…
‘They’d have to drag me out by my ears if I’d’ve had to watch you, gone all hazy-eyed, for one more sodding encore,’ he went on, one hand working Sherlock’s shirt off now that the cufflinks were gone (not that either of them cared to find out
Blinking next, he found Christopher turning on his front, and with a bolt of adrenaline and defiance John put his mouth and tongue to something so filthy he’d only ever known it existed from the one bit of gay born he’d ever bought. And Christopher had begged. Blood on fire, John at length obliged, pressing him up onto all fours and finding him wet to the touch and just ready enough to be able to take all of him in one fell swoop,
As she reached up to replace the sugar behind a frosted sliding panel, he noticed small pinpricks in the crook of her elbow.
Head hanging low with exhausted, long-suffering resignation, he could not pretend not to be (at least partially) convinced. ‘Christ, we’re
‘And he’s got a record. Spent three years inside for robbery in Wiltshire in ’04,’ Peterson added. John turned to her and frowned. He had always disliked the assumption that a man once guilty was always guilty.
She snorted. The waiter brought her the fizzy lemonade, which she unconsciously grasped quite tightly. ‘God, I left that bunch of old cows ages ago. All just there to get away from their sorry excuses for husbands or to try to push some jewellery scam on you. Couldn’t breathe for all the overpriced mothball perfume they wore.’
Admittedly, Sherlock had been watching the bounding retriever gambol down the path, wondering how many words he knew and if he had been properly trained to avoid any foods that might be injurious to his system (signs pointed to
Her already dehydrated, bloodshot eyes blinked darkly, pupils dilating in (he surmised quickly based on available evidence) genuine fear.
He plucked the jewel carefully from her palm, examining it at eye-level. The Blue Carbuncle, as the stock photograph from the Morcar estate archives had shown, was indeed a lustrous, azure gemstone of slightly larger size than a grape, smeared slightly from its recent excretion but nevertheless of visible brilliancy. It had been cut into a precise ‘emerald’ shape but would have been absurdly oversized for any setting smaller than a tiara, which was unsuitable for anyone below a duchess (and even then).
Sherlock immediately cycled through the potential reasons, but could not proceed without more information (before the data). Did he wish Sherlock would deduce the issue? Or was this truly about the book, and Sherlock had been both more right and more wrong than he had expected?
‘Does he! What a clever parrot you are, my friend.’ Then Baker whistled – and John nearly jumped out of his chair – the same four-note bird call-esque trill that Sherlock and Flint had been playing (and singing) earlier.
, he admitted, internally. But he was sure that John would be more than happy to demand what exactly he was sorry for, right here, in front of Mycroft and — in approximately one minute — their next client. The list would take longer than that.
For 797 days after the fall (the jump — the circus leap) from Bart’s, John had discovered, beyond anything he’d ever known before, exactly how true that proverb was. More than true: it was real. It was realer than work, than taste, than people laughing, than the time on the clock, than the news, than danger. For the first few days after Sherlock had died, John felt like his body, even when he was standing upright in the shower or sitting calmly on the tube (or most often in his chair in the flat, staring), was really somehow being pulled to the floor. His neck ached uncannily like he was really wearing one: a large, impossibly heavy stone wheel on a chain. (In his mind, it was the same material, the same age and weight and vast primeval incomprehensibility, as the blocks of Stonehenge.) His movements — going to the toilet, helping arrange the funeral, waking in the middle of the night to force down some food so that when he was sick there would at least be something to expel… — all this was a holograph, a false double-image. In reality he was lying pinned on the pavement beside Sherlock’s body on the pavement, and he was pretty well convinced he would never manage to get up again, which was fine, since where else did he want to go?
‘I don’t remember really, but… yeah.’ He hadn’t understood it as such at the time, but: ‘Some nights I thought I was losing my mind.’
‘Good luck,’ Catherine Cusack wished them in the foyer, re-entering the room while still texting furiously.
‘Of course. As it happens, John, Mr. Ryder, came for some information. About our feathered friend – except, in fact,
‘I know,’ he nodded quickly, because that was certainly true. But equally, it was clearly going to drive them both mental to swing between extremes of celibacy (or close to) and desperate quickies in the kitchen. ‘I just reckon it might be a good idea to work out a compromise. Only if you want. It just seems like it might resolve some… tension.’
‘Ah, but if only we all had your notions of homecoming, Sherlock, we might surprise a great many people with the resilience of our armed forces.’
‘Nonsense,’ Sherlock declared in a rumble, before John had more than opened his mouth. ‘The sheets are clean’ (John felt a stab of guilt that he was by no means certain of
After a moment, John read the tense silence. He couldn’t believe it. They were being brushed off. ‘So what are we doing here then? Chatting?’
A siren wheeled to life as the last but one of the black towncars rolled away, its police escort in tow, taking a dazed-looking Suze away from here. Sherlock drank him in, stowing every detail in reserve: face uncovered, John stared into the distance with the look of a man who hadn’t slept in a year, but also like he was reaching the tipping point after which he was on track to punch a vicar as readily as a villain.
‘Last person I dated, best thing I got her was to shave off my beard.’ (A lie, but it sounded better than that he'd shaved for Sherlock Holmes.)
he was glad they could do this — they could be together, in the most intimate possible way. No fantasy third parties, no pretending not to want it or need it or love it to the depths of his bones: sex between them was something that just
Christ. It wasn’t… He forced himself to grab a sandwich this time, chicken and bacon, briskly efficient, in a sudden rush to get back to his desk.
‘Just gonna keep it in my pocket for a rainy day, then,’ she grinned, then looked conspiratorially at John, who couldn’t help but grin: anyone who could make Sherlock blush was worth having around. ‘But that’s not what I’m here for, as I said. I’ve heard, through m’old job —’
‘Gruener is more likely to relax if he believes I am no longer a liability. Otherwise, he might insist they move up the wedding, which logically speaking he ought to have done ages ago. Fortunately Miss De Merville has more backbone than her successor.’
hours, if you counted the interval and travel, which he absolutely did. He also resented slightly that he had liked the concert (haughty audience aside) and, though he refused to admit it to Sherlock, it probably was better to spend £40 on taxis and a whisky at the orchestra rather than on successively sloshed pints and darts wagers with the football crowd of a Friday evening. At least once in a while.
, and plan. Even so far your actions have not gone unnoticed, or unquestioned. I strongly suggest a lower profile. Do you understand me?’ he added, at the loudest possible volume below a shout, as Sherlock had been making sure to clatter everything — their spare salad-washing thing and the various moveable parts on the burners and appliances that could withstand a bit of noisy twiddling — within reach.
‘You know, Holmes, it is a terrible thing to rush into a piece of reasoning without first establishing — ‘
‘Well, I’m not sure, but…’ She looked between them as though she was being quite reasonable and they were deliberately misunderstanding. ‘You know, the – the security services, or your… your brother, or… them! Whoever does…
‘Yoohoo!’ called a voice, and John’s warm quirk of a smile escalated into positive fit of giggles — he caught Sherlock’s eye — oh, yes — the exotic dancing — yes, that was diverting, from a certain bleak, farcical standpoint — ‘Boys! Can one of you come sign for these before they get soaked?’
As though drawn by a string, Sherlock curled backwards and crouched on his heels, looking furiously at his mobile.
The faucet was indeed a simple handsink, but, as he raced closer, he recognised the style of dark, unlabelled box beneath the basin: a plastic-case, chemical symbol on the exterior. Grabbing it, a (possibly unclean) cloth, and (as swiftly but surely as he could, dumping the contents of a jar of art tools) some water.
in my life determined to lie to me?’ He grimaced. ‘It wasn’t enough to face Moriarty, for you to throw yourself off a building? Had to go and fall for another trick?’
, on and on, licking and sucking and breathing through his (clean) nose, trembling half with relief.
‘Scintillating, John, that time-telling is really coming along.’ And, prodding John in the armpits until he lumbered stiffly to his feet, Sherlock shepherded him towards the bedroom.
) taken up a heavy lattice-patterned carved wooden box and, in two steps, smashed Suze in the temple with it – she staggered (concussion? internal haemorrhage?) and brought both hands to her blood-streamed face, dropping the gun – Gruener went towards it with hands outstretched – John raised his gun – Suze opened her hands – not dust, not a bomb – and, with smears of blood along her fingers, threw the opened phial of liquid towards Gruener, who
He couldn’t — his thoughts stung like alcohol in a cut every time he remembered another word that had spewed from Harry’s mouth —
‘My brother has had a team of agents working on this case for quite some time, performing the necessary groundwork. Their determined belief – one with which I have argued strenuously – is that Gruener, given the sort of man that he is, would very likely provide a great deal of otherwise inaccessible evidence about the criminal networks with whom he works, if he could be persuaded that it would save his own skin.’
for Sherlock. Whereas John had, from his arrival, taken vicious pleasure in the fact that he, and no one else, got to be the one standing beside Sherlock at crime scenes, press conferences; was the one who got to tell the stories of their adventures, and receive Sherlock’s mockery for the telling. He’d never consciously enjoyed having what Molly didn’t — he hadn’t even thought of himself as ‘having’ Sherlock in a way that Molly could, at least straightforwardly, resent or envy. And yet here he was, the one wearing a burgundy-coloured dressing gown that wasn’t his own, and Molly had cancelled a date with someone she was more or less indifferent to.
She waited for Sherlock to say something, and when he didn’t, she nodded, looked at John with a slightly less terse expression, then departed.
‘WHAT!’ John cried. No fucking wonder Sherlock hadn’t let him come to the sodding Alpha rip-off shop, paying more than John’s first car had cost for a single, admittedly now multilingual,
So he quickly rotated his chair, then moved behind John’s turned back towards his (their) bedroom and exchanged his dressing gown for a jacket.
Molly nods. The morgue closes in glaringly. ’You’re very possibly going to die, so we need to focus.’
was a people’s favourite, something of a homeless, home-grown V.’ (Sherlock neither understood nor cared to know what the significance of that specific letter had to do with anything, though he heard the faint huffs of recognition from the younger two officers.) ‘Spoken-word poetry protesting was my particular gift, you see, and people would often shout suggestions to me – Hyde Park Corner, or Trafalgar Square, sometimes – and I’d… recite their grievances –’
The man’s hand splayed across his raw, blistered cheek, but even through his fingers they could see the disfiguring gash was gone.
eating.’ She scowled, crossing her arms again in front of the cleared table. He scowled back. He could do this all day. A sibling stand-off. They’d be here ’til last call. But, ‘Yeah, all right,’ she sighed, with a shrug of one shoulder, ‘never mind.’
‘Scents take on different aspects when in contact with natural human odours, chemical signatures with different notes as they combine and decay. In this case, your skin plus this cologne gives off —’ he grazed his index finger along John’s stomach — John shivered radiating out across his bare skin ‘— oranges.’
, I didn’t mean…’ He choked slightly. ‘It was all a mistake, and then suddenly I was holding it and I hardly even knew how I’d got it!’ Effluvia were pouring from every facial orifice except his ears, turning him into a soppy, snotty mess. Sherlock’s insides wrenched with the desire to tidy him up, physically if not mentally, and get him
In typeset, non-italicised, unembellished letters midway down the page after the frontispiece was simply printed:
That was fine — possibly better. Made things easier, if they were going to try to triangulate some sort of happy sexual/professional/domestic medium. Much as he enjoyed crowding Sherlock a bit, he felt tonight called for ‘quit while you’re ahead’.
‘Oh, have you forgotten?’ Sherlock rejoined, as it occurred to him with a flare of relish. ‘Alas: Official Secrets.’ He pretended to lock his mouth and throw away the key, before gleefully going about — oh, John hadn’t made any coffee. In a hurry. He’d be grumpy all morning. — putting the kettle on and rummaging for something vaguely edible.
‘And, did Mrs. – sorry, Lady Morcar keep anything else in the safe? Anything else that was stolen, or not?’ John asked, partly to make sure the PA didn’t throw them out before Sherlock had looked round the place properly.
Clutching the gemstone tightly to her chest, the Countess stood momentarily and went to the sideboard below the window. Illuminated by the evening glow, she unlocked a drawer, placed the gemstone carefully inside, then secured it again, before returning to sit opposite him once more.
– if you seem nervous, excited. If there is something you can learn from him, that he can explain for you.’
‘ John said – he no longer needed the hardware to hear him – as though soothing a spooked animal. ‘Easy now.’
Her expression turned instantly to ice. ‘What I do with my friends of an evening is simply none of your business. And for your information, Heinrich has instructed me to stop seeing the friends who were the worst influence, with their horrid drug habits. Heinrich wants the best for me.’
‘Holmes,’ murmured a mellow, mid-vocal range, public sch— well, military academy (underneath, Belfast), but certainly upper-class public servant — voice.
John had just enough time to sift through his inbox, flag a few potential leads for cases, and revisit the email with Mary. Eventually, having written a semi-decent draft, deleted the whole thing, rewrite it, then — possibly buoyed up by the scotch and the scratch of Beethoven (or whoever) — force himself to hit ‘send’, he set his phone aside and enjoyed the rest of the concert.
, was feigning a royal silence which John was going to well and truly end once Baker saw himself out.) ‘I have been unemployed for over a year, apart from my frequent gratis lectures at the Ashmoleon. But… now, I must thank you for the bird, and –’
, a burning touch, and he sucked at John’s pulse-point and clung until he felt his muscles lock and he ejaculated all over John’s thigh.
‘And that’s just the things she knows about,’ John agreed. Apparently reading his mind (he so often could) Sherlock’s smirk quirked dangerously even higher at that, and John broke.
‘Well. I’ll have to ask for a constellation reading of my freckles next time I go to the GP. Not as good as birthmarks, but…’
The sound of their accelerating blood became the only important thing left in the room. Sherlock’s pupils swelled slowly to push his irises (tonight the colour of seaweed) outward. Warm and nocturnal, bright-sharp with possibility: perfect.
‘Did they fail to finish it on time?’ Sherlock wondered. Perhaps the power of the symbols expired if un…blessed within a particular (stellar? solar/lunar?) time frame?
For a moment, Sherlock seemed about to flee, but, after a breathless pause, he sat down, almost absurdly bunched across the no-man’s-land which had once been their sofa.
John turned to look over his shoulder as he ran towards the other two – and his eyes met Sherlock’s for the first time since they had met in the mirror in the car.
Eventually, Sherlock spoke again. ‘Loathe though you think I am to admit it, John, I cannot control my own realisations. I cannot apologise for that. I cannot promise to know when pressing data will crystallise, nor can I promise to wait at home, twiddling my fingers, waiting for your permission to act on it. No more than I could ask that of you.’
His absent-mindedness had been fully interrupted by the argumentative salesclerk at the Alpha Exotic Pets emporium, who had required a great deal of flattery, persuasion, and finally wagering before he agreed to give Sherlock what he needed. Thus he returned to a hideously overcrowded Goodge Street, arms inconveniently full, before he eventually managed to secure a cab and shut out the tedious masses and redirect himself homeward.
‘I don’t…’ Sherlock shut his eyes, evidently deciding his tack, while John continued to stare at nothing, sharp barbs stinging inside his chest as he more or less held his breath. ‘I don’t know what I want. I don’t know what
Only a week ago, a dog (a much less menacing golden retriever) had streaked across a large open field of grass in the park and come, wagging its entire body and barking joyfully, to lap at Sherlock’s hands and then, when he stopped mid-sentence and dropped to his knees, jumped up to slather his entire face in saliva.
decoy (a bit, John would likely say, like a globular kaleidoscope); the button, it turned out, was no button but a viewer. –
reading the hateful silence he had so unhelpfully strode in upon. He smashed his eyes shut and sawed his bow.
Suddenly Sherlock stood and stepped two wide strides away; at the last second John caught himself, nearly face-planting into the cushion, as a cold, confused, furious sensation plummeted in his stomach and twisted. Sherlock, looking possibly homicidal, yanked his jacket into pristine order, and shouted –
above his shuddering lungs, down his ribs, his lower vertebrae, until it was too much to bear — Sherlock kissed him where he could reach (the underside of his jaw), probably harshly, not tender at all like John was holding him; lips and teeth and choked airways and kissed and kissed until John’s dextrous (sinistrous) alien fingers found his cock — he whimpered,
The queue at Pret was ridiculously long. Whatever anyone said about the quality of food on a base, at least you knew… He smirked at his own rosy-tinted glasses. No — things were just as liable to hold-ups over stupid human error there as here. There just tended to be more laughs over lunch. (Well, that, or iron-barred silences.)
Still, he tried not to feel just a little bit grateful to close the door behind her, even though the parrot’s mimicry of that cough made him a little worried: small tickles quickly became deeper, serious respiratory infections, particularly in those of ‘mature’ years, and especially when combined with damp. They would have to keep a closer eye on her for a few days.
Molly was silently rehearsing the information she needed, staring unseeingly out the window. (Perhaps after this, he would remind her more sincerely of the functionality of a working Mind… well, Coach House, at least.)
of the plan. The two of us, against the rest of the world. It’s dangerous, of course it’s “dangerous”, that’s why we don’t let idiots do it.’
waved a hand up, like an idiot, but at least she was walking away. With the crawling sensation of not-quite-guilt disturbing his appetite, he didn’t know if he wanted lunch any more.
, from a high-functioning sociopath, then thirteen months and 4,600 miles from the one person who might reject that epithet.
A few more meaningless words had been exchanged between the humans, before, with a brisk tug, the woman had pulled Fred in the other direction.
gambler, you just happen to enjoy a certain… baseline level of hazard.’ Sherlock beamed at him as though this were a great virtue rather than a deeply shameful character flaw. ‘As I was saying, his partners in ownership are always looking to use money to make yet more money, meaning they were happy to allow Gruener —‘
, John’s familiar exhalations: spiked, but steady, not accelerating or shallowing – not hit. (Molly: … ditto.)
1) Sherlock buys a black-market page out of the drawings of Santiago Ramón y Cajal, the Nobel Prize-winning neuroscientist, whose artworks are absolutely gorgeous, and which
‘Several steps have been taken in our present situation, none of which has met with even an ounce of success. Thus it transpired that I reached out to your brother, who agreed that you might be able to lend us your expertise.’
John was waiting in the sitting room. When he looked at what Sherlock had brought, he first checked Sherlock’s expression (entirely serious, even if – beneath that – he was, all right, somewhat amused at this prospect) and then made a complicated series of flutterings and jostling of his facial muscles to connote… acquiescence. ‘Yeah, fine, I’ll wear the bloody
‘John,’ he’d therefore pivoted, calibrating his voice for gentle, ‘this is not your preferred tactic, I appreciate that,’ (a partial truth: John’s preferred tactic certainly did involve rushing headlong into danger, but only after more hospitable (boring) options had been exhausted) ‘which is why —’
‘When I say, “bad”, what I mean is that I sat, and worked, and drank, and thought day after day about the fact that, at least if I killed myself, they might let me lie with your
Poleaxed, Sherlock blinked unnaturally rapidly for a second before (almost visibly across his face) a deduction resolved itself.
‘God, you look…’ John’s left hand released the bedsheet and went to Sherlock’s neck to pull him up to John’s mouth. When Sherlock obliged, John wrapped his feet around the backs of Sherlock’s thighs and pushed him forward, sending his cock to grate against John’s through his clothes, making them both gasp. ‘Take those off,’ John instructed or begged, he had no idea which, his mouth too full of the taste of himself plus Sherlock on Sherlock’s tongue, a combination which was strange and unbelievably arousing and new. Sherlock immediately lifted his hips and performed some kind of balancing act John could not process just now, but sighed with relief to see had had the desired result. His own hand wrapped immediately around Sherlock’s unobstructed prick.
She huffed, bright and bubbly performance faltering for the first time since she started down this path. ‘Johnny, if you utter one bloody word —’
‘Baron Gruener is “fond” of racing horses (not cars or dogs), enough to be co-owner of at least two winning thoroughbreds in recent English and French contests. But his interest is far more on the training side than that of an inveterate gambler.’
Meantime, Sherlock’s own hands were clutched, buried under his pillow, apparently in fists (judging from the strain of his forearms and the lumps in the pillowcase).
Then, with a stifled stretch so as not to wake the faintly snoring man beside him — Sherlock must have gotten up at some point and then (John smiled) come back to bed, considering he was wearing his rattiest pyjamas, exposed infinitesimally to the new day as John brushed a finger along a single curl — John forced himself out of bed. Time to face the day.
He hadn’t been gone all that long, the Violet interview (if he could even call it that, rather than a massive waste of time and a frustrating failure of his ability to stop someone doing something incredibly stupid) taking only about an hour, and Sherlock had informed him (as he grandly swooped into a cab) that he would probably be occupied all afternoon. Even so, it was difficult not to take out his phone immediately to text him. Since they’d gone back to taking cases, they hadn’t separated very often — not more than the length of Sherlock’s running stride ahead of John’s, and usually that only last a block or two before John caught him up.
Lady Ayenat Braithwaite, on the other hand, was completely eye-catching. She was probably, John thought to himself, the most beautiful woman he had ever seen in real life. A previous case had involved a lot of (ultimately irrelevant) research into East African goddesses and superstitions; John considered, now faced with the almost literal radiance of the Countess, that he too would have worshipped any woman who sat elegantly, spoke deeply, and smiled widely like that. Then again – as the newspaper photos and caption had reminded him – she had been an actual international supermodel before her marriage, so she was basically worshipped everywhere she went.
The bed dipped, the covers lifted, and he opened his eyes to find Sherlock, grimacing, but lying beside him, eyes coming to stop perfectly level with his across the next pillow. On his own side of the bed.
the one who can put it together. He likes the game. They always do,’ he added under his breath. ‘Molly: you are visiting this man as his
John was a terrible liar, but the genuine pleasure and fondness threaded through his tone kept the peripheral confusion at bay somewhat.
John considered having a word with Sherlock about interrupting when, clearly, some clients would actually open up better if they didn’t feel like they were being hurried along, but Suze was already moving on.
of them here,’ he urged, squeezing Sherlock’s right hand at their sides despite the intrusive heaviness of his sleeve blocking them from holding hands properly. ‘None of them beyond a look, or a word. None of it was really real — not like this. Here. That’s how this works — at least, I think it does. That stuff you just said, about me? You’re the one person who sees me that way, even though
‘Mmm,’ John nodded, leaning even closer, until he took up all of Sherlock’s field of vision. ‘It’s what I’m like, I’ve heard.’
Sherlock’s face this morning. John had shown him the email to Mary, the one that had never got through, and Sherlock’s face, rather than genuinely thoughtful, had looked… shuttered. Studiedly unreadable.
As Mycroft incrementally slid the wheel round, Sherlock dared not spare another look at John. His strained, downturned mouth and weary eyes made Sherlock concerned that he was concealing something, that he had drawn into himself as a way of recoiling from something akin to a punch (
John woke first, naturally, around sunrise (later every day, noticeably so at this time of year, even in the city). The previous night’s row was still ringing in his ears, confessions of things he’d hoped never to say out loud, to simply erase by blotting them out with more writing of new stories and new confessions, brighter of actual, honest-to-god happy memories, everyday scribbles over time. And of course, it was nearly impossible, in John’s experience, to hear such a terrible account as Suze’s and not to want to cling desperately to the closest person and hold on for dear life — to prove that there were things in life worth chasing, having, sharing, enjoying to the peak of your ability, more to being alive than just darkness and loss. It had been true in the desert, and in every hospital he’d ever worked at. Little surprise, considering how much darkness he and Sherlock saw on their cases, that they didn’t so much cling as collide.
Sherlock, huddled on the ground by the precipice, slowly forces his shivering neck to obey him, and looks up.
‘It’s in all of them,’ John pitched in, apparently understanding Sherlock’s fumbling (he’d creased the page! Thank god there was another copy). ‘I wanted it to be in all of them.’
‘Mmm,’ Sherlock agreed, since he suspected it was ‘not good’ (to say nothing of illogical) to unleash his fury that Mycroft had taken even fifteen seconds to gather numerical information about any aspect of John’s body.
The rhinoceros’s departure left only John and himself amidst the last of the police cars and agents milling around, taking statements. Molly had, Sherlock had insisted, been escorted home (and would be receiving a subtle – if any of Mycroft’s people had a single competent bone in their body – visit from a psychologist in short order).
pyjamas tonight: trouser bottoms and his proper grubby t-shirt from an army three-legged-race and everything), he found Sherlock staring up at him from his laptop on the coffee table.
. He concentrates. The roar of the train, the scuffle, three sets of hands, Mary’s in her deep pockets, the third man unseen until after it was too late to draw data — images of various weapons (a butcher’s knife, Swiss, serrated — 9”, too large for pockets; a flip-blade, sharp-tipped but steel and smooth as velvet, quiet enough to be unheard beneath the tracks) —
John returned a moment later — no, unless he was carrying a very, absurdly, stupidly small species, whatever was slowing his steps minutely was not canine —, a brown box and several assorted pieces of post in hands. Balancing the box on one lifted knee against the worktop, John reached over it, sifting through and whittling down the post to two single letters; the rest went in the bin.
. He was proud of this accomplishment, and rightly so. Well, not that the great masses of published authors were any proper competition in any sense, but John had worked hard (harder than either of them had necessarily expected to be required) to transform the cases and the blog into a book. A dream of his, he’d confessed to Sherlock, very early on — back when the blog had just started attracting a following, and one of Harry’s comments had piqued Sherlock’s curiosity. To send his words into the word; to see his name on bookstore shelf with his heroes and the other beings whose minds had survived their bodies into immortality.
from somewhere nearby. Must change that text alert. Spotting it on the side table beside the microwave, he dried his hands and picked it up.
When next he blinked and could actually see the pavement (five blocks away, where he’d ended up standing in the middle of the path, fists balled and jaw tight, in a park square), he could at least that he hadn’t punched the waiter simply for existing.
‘Yes, fine,’ Sherlock nodded dismissively. ‘Understood.' He wanted to drop this now, before it got any worse; he needed more evidence on this lunch situation, and on the Morstan matter as well (on the likely (he hoped) chance they were unconnected), before he went any further.
‘No!’ Boone roared. ‘No! GET OFF! GET THE FUCKING HELL OFF ME, YOU PSYCHO!’ His eyes, wild as he teetered back toward the wall, shot with panic. ‘SOMEONE!’
But… it wasn’t as if, if John were honest with himself, he wasn’t half intrigued by that. Even in the rare moments he’d let himself daydream (alright, fantasise about) what else he and Sherlock could get up to, he hadn’t imagined either of them to be especially squeamish. Not when it came to this. And he
But, now that they had the carbuncle, things seemed illuminated by a chink of hope. John had been about to kiss him again; they had rediscovered the scent of the thief and recovered the item, which meant another (so far nominal, but surely presently complete) success in his professional history and before long the triumphant release of the innocent John Horner back to his boring, lumbering life; Sgt. Challa, for her appalling timing, was established as a new ally; and everything would be
contradiction: it should have caught someone’s eyes (Sherlock was furious with himself already) sooner.
‘That is either patently untrue, or deeply unsettling, considering the number of women you managed to seduce since we met, some of them
Bradstreet was just emerging from the interview when Sherlock stopped short, John only a pace behind. Sherlock then stepped forward, and John wondered if he meant to shake Bradstreet’s hand (an unusually tactile thing for Sherlock to do, though he was prone to more pleasantries
John quite non-figuratively marched in, catching Sherlock’s glance with — busy day, then — an amalgamated spark of fondness, irritation (with whom?), anger, and… that last look, in the flatness of his mouth, was unclear. He smelled of creamy tomato soup and, somehow also, chicken, bacon, and brown sauce (sexual intercourse generated increased appetite? Unusual, he believed, for John, but… maybe), and that unnameable scent that made Sherlock’s amygdala go haywire. Yet John’s stiff gait sent a grip of dread tangling Sherlock’s insides harshly.
; honestly, Bradstreet, it’s no wonder so many crimes happen before midday if this is the state of the thinking policeman before his second cup of coffee.’
John couldn’t breathe; he wasn’t sure he could stay in this room with the farcically bumbling police officers and Sherlock, rapidly deflating with boredom. He turned, moving the sergeant and constable aside possibly only with his thunderous expression, and started for the exit.
He doesn’t know, of course—can’t fathom what spoiled the outing both of his beloved, ridiculous creatures were so looking forward to. Rosie even smells a bit like hay and popcorn and a messy good time. Sherlock could no doubt deduce whatever happened if their places were reversed, but instead he’s wordlessly moving towards the bedroom.
Now that they were no longer touching, John felt it was probably a good idea to take himself to bed. With Sherlock in processing mode, it’d be better for him to carry on as normally as possible. The come-down from a case didn’t, historically, bring out the best in either of them. Rather give Sherlock and himself some space, allow the bits of him that had been bruised or drained to repair with sleep. Put a lid on all the bloody talking everything to death.
Instead he hung up his jacket, shoved his rucksack under the bottom shelf, and swiveled his armchair towards the —
a gamble, you’re always a man to take a risk. You want to take it. And — John? Where are you going?’
Stomach still in something of a somersault routine, Sherlock exited the flat a quarter-hour later, headed for the tube. (He’d spritzed a bit of the cologne he’d given John last week on his average-bloke M&S jumper beneath the worn-leather jacket. One never knew.) Before attuning his mind fully to the problem at hand, and while he was still above ground, he sent one last text — wildly unnecessary but, he thought, the sort of thing John might appreciate having affirmed (however uncomfortably trite it felt coming from Sherlock’s own fingertips, bared like a teenagerish scribble of their conjoined initials in a notebook).
Bradstreet held up a hand. ‘Hold on, Holmes, hold on. We’re working this case, true enough, but I think Horner’s our man. And Peterson is taking another two people this morning over to the hotel to get the remaining alibis.’ He offered a slight smile.
Sherlock replied in an extended profanity and shoved his mobile so deeply into his pocket he felt the seams protest. ‘Fine,’ he accepted, hoping the sergeant hadn’t noticed (but of course no one ever noticed anything) the tremor in his voice. It wasn’t as if he was wanted at home. And, perhaps this could be part of the new leaf he hoped to turn as part of his reunion with the right side of the law. Or at least most of the right side.
The man was intolerable. His childish disappointment at failing to discover an easy lead was matched in its inanity only by the agonising implication that
‘Is this to do with —’ Sherlock began, and then, at the last second, he vacillated — if John wanted this to be a surprise for some reason, Sherlock would either wait to find out or deduce it — so half-choked instead, ‘your book?’
, with a depth of belief that pressed Sherlock past comprehension, had hope for the future. ‘Trial, Mycroft, or I swear to god –’
Sidenote: I really, really, *really* wanted to get this whole fic up before Series 4 hits us all in the face with a crowbar. Alas. Holding my breath--and good luck to you, too.
Sherlock didn’t look up from his computer screen, so it fell to John (for the millionth time) to do the work of being a conversant, polite human being: ‘Oh?’
‘Here,’ John said simply, thrusting the spherical fob ‘watch’ and matches they (well, Sherlock had) nicked out of Gruener’s pockets towards Mycroft.
The restaurant itself, on the ground floor of a very up-market hotel, at least offered high-ceilings, so they wouldn’t be completely overheard in their less-than-warm conversation; the bar, thankfully, was vacant of both customers and a bartender, despite looking for all the world like a gold-and-brass piece of a film set, carefully lit beneath an ostentatious double-winged balcony. (As he had told Sherlock, he suspected the only way through this lunch was forward, drink in his — and only his — hand.) Around them, other people appeared to be having perfectly lovely lunches. Such things were, it seemed, still possible, even on grey windy Wednesdays after uncertain domestic rows and more certain everyday madness.
