Peter was on his left and Rhodey on his right, carrying Strange on his back, because magical cloaks were good and all, but nothing would trump a dragon’s instinct. They glided over the walls that led to the markets, then shops and homes before they approached the castle, where the emperor sat on his silver-gilded throne of blackstone, surrounded by the riches plundered from the earth.
“Yes, Steve,” he agreed.
"It wasn't going to matter anyway. If you weren't -," he said, voice breaking.
“Houston, we have a problem,” Bruce informed them calmly, making it painfully obvious what the issue was.
“You all right?” the dragon asked, as he looked at him with concern.
“Yes,” Tony agreed. “The only difference is - they’re supposed to be dead.”
“You’re inseparable. Attached. Connected,” he added, no longer recognising the sound of his own voice.
Tony hadn’t even told him what happened in those caves. He didn't plan to, not with Steve's tendency to overreact.
“So, like Luke’s landspeeder?”
In this arrangement, Thanos could barely move, but neither could they, which left a grim-faced Steve the only one advancing on the emperor with his sword raised high.
“I am Iron Man,” he said.
“I don’t - what?” Tony sputtered.
He was having a moment, one that was unexpectedly interrupted by Steve. Over the PA system, Steve gave a speech of his own, revealing the truth for what it was.
Tony kept his fingers crossed and muttered a soft prayer for smooth traffic. His backstory for Dr Howard Potts
“Light her up, Steve.”
It all made sense to him now – his instant attraction to Steve, how it had felt like magic, and indeed, it was.
There was a faint cry, before the queen’s shoulders slumped backward and Howard caught her before she fell. Swiftly, he led his wife to the nearest armchair, as Nat hurried over with some smelling salts.
“Yeah… It’s been a long, long time.”
“I thought it was peculiar how your father was suddenly so eager, desperate even, to marry you off. And writing that letter just before he left? The timing was uncanny. It was as though he knew. I think - I suspect there might have been a previous attempt on his life.”
“How did you find me?” Tony asked, genuinely curious.
By the time the poultice was changed and Tony’s wounds were redressed, Steve was exhausted and in desperate need of some sleep himself.
Heavy eyelids fluttered to a close as the disjointed images of an old memory came to him. There was the brilliant glow of the heartstone, and no less bright, the frightened blue eyes, hot tears falling from them and soaking through his thick clothes, the small, pale hand gripping his wrist and the soft, sweet voice telling him not to close his eyes, pleading with him to watch a conical seed spin and fall, over and over, until Tony fell into a deep slumber.
“From before – From Dad. School. My books. Sometimes just figuring it out. I know I shouldn’t. But I do. I can’t help it. I hate it when things don’t work. I have to fix them. It's like a disease. I can’t stop. I don’t want to stop.”
Nicknames for Tony and Bucky are from
“All right, kid. You’re a knight now,” Tony whispered to the beaming young man as he lowered the ceremonial sword.
He was turning ten and going through quite the phase (a waxing interest in astronomy), So, that year, his parents had honoured his birthday wish to visit the space museum.
. It powers this new contraption,” he explained. “What do you think?”
“Yes, of course. Why wouldn’t I be? It’s just my parents. Coming over. For the first time. To judge me. And my homemaking. Which is good. Right? Am I doing okay?”
“You all right?” Tony asked, as he caught up with him.
“Up there!” someone shouted as they turned their eyes to the sky to see a winged creature gliding swiftly toward them.
Just when he was about to say his goodbyes and maybe something a little more sentimental, he felt the rotor slow down, allowing him to fly out and back to the ship. With his repulsor, he took out the last of Loki's men shooting at his husband.
, if you want to call them that,” Clint said. “And the word is - they’ve got enough to make it rain all night.”
As they walked along the pebbled footpaths, flanked by lush green carpets, Tony could make out a lemon grove, with their bright yellow fruits hanging from their branches. Darker ivy at the back was allowed to run wild and leave tendrils in every direction. And finally, the taller trees – oak, birch, cedar shaded the back.
“Portraits?” Steve asked, confused.
Sam shrugged, clearly unfamiliar with literary works from the Middle Kingdom. “Well, in any case, we don’t have the ships. At least not till the Howlies get here.”
“It’s me, in the flesh,” Obie said, flashing his teeth. “Although these days, I go by
Steve pulled himself up and began his rather impressive floor routine of somersaults and tumbles, performed to the rhythm of the assassin’s machine gun, then hand pistols, which were tossed onto the ground one by one, as they ran out of ammunition.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hours later, Tony was appraising the Mark III.
or just give up. And if it gives up, I have to say, the detonation is quite spectacular. But until that point, it's just a lot of pain.”
“How did you get Loki out?” Steve asked.
“I went to finishing school like you. Back in the 30s when everyone thought I was an omega. It’s funny and sad how so little has changed. Cooking, cleaning, sewing, washing. That’s the curriculum, right? And that’s the order in which you made your machines. Because you created the robots to do the homework you didn’t want to do.”
Neither of them had known then, but there was even more to him, a deeper layer, to be unearthed only by the most catastrophic of events.
“You should have told me,” Tony chided gently, recalling how he wouldn't stop crying until his Uncle Ben and Aunt May introduced him to the little boy they recently adopted. "But also, I should have known," he added, with a little laugh.
“It was all very organic.” Dragonwings jerked as if in a shrug. “Everything just happened quite by itself, borne from a desperation to protect my one true love.”
“What in the world, Steve? Why’d you have to go and do that for?” he screamed, as Steve caught the shield before it hit his head.
Tony shrugged. “Swift and decisive works. You do realise then that this is permanent? That there will be no going back?”
I get that he sounds like a bit of a softie but he’s also very young and he loves Steve a lot. Not so much that he’s bending over backwards or changing who he is but enough that he wants to work on their relationship by talking.
“You’ll figure it out. We’ll figure it out. Together,” Steve promised, squeezing his hand.
When the vision returned to his eyes, Pietro was holding Steve’s sword, having caught it just before it pierced his sister’s throat.
Tony rubbed the sleep from his eyes and blinked slowly so they could adapt to the morning light. As the aroma of fresh bread and coffee wafted into his flared nostrils, he licked his lips and wondered about breakfast. Back arched, he strained his ears for signs of life in his new lair, which turned out to be a quaint cottage on palace grounds.
Apart from the light dusting of pink on his cheeks, Steve was as fair as before – a fresh lily, blooming tall and proud, at least on the surface. Only a loved one would know his stiff posture was a result of being stricken by frost, the sweet sap within having long turned to ice.
“Honey Bear!" he sighed, "I’m doing more than just walking,” Closing his eyes, he concentrated on inhaling Rhodey's safe, happy scent for a good, long minute.
know how?” he asked, interest piqued.
To be honest, I'm a little insecure about this chapter because of how different it is. I hope it's okay and I'd love to hear what you think. But if you didn't like it, hey, here's a pretty picture of a ring!
That was the most helpful by far. Tony made it to the hundredth number (354224848179261915075).
Under the cover of darkness, he began to grow wings. And with them, courage, strength and an impenetrable armour.
He began to make out the silhouette of a man on the horizon. A distant figure approaching. The figure was running now.
"I chose you, Tony," he said, sniffling. "And I'll do it again. Every time."
As soon as his scaly red feet were through the portal and on solid ground, Tony went looking for Steve in the flurry of armoured warriors. The king was easy to spot in his new armour. As always, he carried the shield on his back, and a new sword made with the horn of a legendary dragon. To Tony, he looked regal and stunning, yet somewhat apprehensive in the way Steve could sometimes be.
Eyes sweeping around the beach, Tony heard the sparks before he saw the flash – in Ivan’s eyes, pointed directly at him.
Steve sighed. “You know, I was afraid you were going to say that,” he said, as his cheeks turned pink. “Be careful out there,” he mumbled, before he turned to face the rest of his troops.
“I am,” he said. If King Howard was sending them the crown prince, his only child and heir, watching over him seemed like the very least he could do.
“We need a plan of attack,” Rhodey pointed out, when he realised their situation was critical.
timeline?”
“Devastatingly beautiful,” Bucky repeated dreamily and placed a hand over his shoulder, right where Nat's hand had been.
“Don’t think. Drink,” Killian said, offering Tony a glass of scotch, which he accepted.
“Ah, but we have blood to spare. For victory, the emperor would sacrifice all his men.”
“I’m sorry,” he said quickly, after stealing a glance.
Steve frowned. “Tony doesn’t like meat.”
by Sarah Williams.
“You have reached the life-model decoy of Tony -”
Tony tried to remember the last time his father looked at him the way he was looking at the captain. Howard’s shining eyes when he made his first circuit board and his first engine. Dad's bright smile after he’d successfully taught Tony to use a welding iron. When Tony received an award from M.I.T for his robot design, he was in the front row applauding his achievement.
“I see I’ve found your weakness,” came that terrifying voice from behind, and it only tightened the icy grip around his heart.
“You're special, Tony. I've never met anyone like you. You’re everything I want. You're all that I need. And I need you. So much. Since- you know, I didn’t have anything to live for. Meeting you turned everything around. Nat says I’ve stopped being as reckless. I've stopped trying to die. Because I know you’re counting on me to come home.”
Tony sank into his chair, temporarily relieved, when Nat showed up on the adjacent screen. She was sitting on the assassin’s shoulders, trying to strangle him with a garotte. She looked like she was saying, “You could have at least remembered me”. He obviously did not, tossing her off and onto the bonnet of a car with nary a second glance.
He heard the roar of quinjets overhead, wondered if it’s the result of the constant ringing in his ears, a memento from the crash three days ago. The downdraft flung him into the sand in a final attempt to bury him and his last glimmer of hope.
It made sense, that Steve would think Rhodey was Iron Man. Rhodey could handle the suit. And Tony needed a sidekick. Next Christmas, he’d make Rhodey a suit, something less ostentatious. He’d always liked silver. Give him a kickass name.
Steve was right. He had never known Bucky, but he knew the Winter Soldier.
“You a mechanic too?” Steve asked, as a bunch of Loki’s men began approaching him.
That was good. Now, they could say their goodbyes.
“You got me,” Steve pointed out, ignoring his complaint as he picked up the server blade from Thor and soared towards the last helicarrier.
“Tony,” Steve said, and frowned at him like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Because then, it allows me to walk through those doors and do what I was meant to do. And the one thing that would really help me focus in there is the knowledge that you're going to make it back home - to him."
Their bond.
Despite how close they were, pressed up against each other, the space between them was unbearably vast. But everything was falling into place. And the stars in the night sky appeared to pale in comparison to the brightness in his heart.
Steve had no idea how long they kissed, but he could have stayed in that moment forever. When they looked up, the sun was rising, and brave warriors were getting to their feet, arms around each other, as they made their way home.
It was all because of the
“It’s our favourite haunt,” Steve explained. “As kids, Sam and Bucky would run in, daring each other to go farther than was really safe.”
“Okay, whatever," Tony mumbled, ending the conversation as he spotted Ivan and Kiliian closing in on them. "We've got incoming,” he said, and took off, with Rhodey and Peter right behind him.
He chose not to dwell on them for the moment, making use of the respite to crawl toward Steve, but Thanos stood in his way.
The emperor wrapped his long claws around Tony’s neck and yanked him off from his neck, almost ripping his teeth out. Then a purple claw was in the air, streaming furious energy at Tony as he reeled backward, and tried in vain to evade the relentless strikes to his head.
Thank you so much for your patience as I got around to writing this. It wasn't easy with a baby who is going through a nap-refusal stage and wants to be cuddled all the time. It means I have to type with one hand and write in 5-10 minute blocks.
In the words of T'Challa:
“The mindstone,” Steve continued, as he paused to admire its unique hue. “It’s been in your family for generations.”
Ivan and Killian must have seen Obie plunging, as both dragons were up in the air and circling the beach for him. It was somewhat of a relief that Steve wasn’t with them, because it meant they must have left Steve behind, presumably on the beach and hopefully safe and sound.
“You too, huh?”
Steve smiled. “Yes,” he said. "A heartwarming tale about a boy, with no talents, finding his calling after meeting a friend.”
Steve stopped and forced himself to calm down. Tony was safe, and that was all that mattered. He wasn’t going to pick a fight. “Yes, you were amazing,” he said instead. “How — how are you alive? Never mind. Don’t answer that. Just come here.”
Tony flashed him a wry smile. “Rush job for an important client, eh?”
“Yes, according to my mother, who thinks that love isn't a feeling - it's a choice,” Tony said, laughing. "She met my father the day of their wedding, but they learnt to love each other. They made each other happy.”
“Like me? How?” Tony asked, because he was intrigued by the promise of a new friend.
Obie rubbed his jaw against his wing. Then, he walked calmly toward Steve and ripped the shield from the king's fingers. “Pretty trinket,” he murmured as he tossed it behind him. “But we want the stone!” he roared, in a way that caused the ground to tremble.
“Now, genius like you should already have figured this out. You both are goners, with
Tony hummed thoughtfully. “She was nice. Asked if I was settling in. And I think she tried to ask if you were a good kisser.”
by any chance?”
“Good morning, beloved,” Tony yawned as his arms closed around him from behind, giving rise to the alarming sounds of cracking joints.
“Rhodey? I know you were trying to help, but I’m married – to the king? And technically, while you might have saved my life, you’ve also committed high treason, so I’ve no idea if he’s gonna reward you handsomely or go off with your hea –”
Tony craned his neck and let his body hang down, so the tip of his tail pointed to the ground. A flap of his wings sent him soaring through the clouds and his body spiralled gracefully behind.
“No,” he told her, putting on a brave smile. It couldn't hurt when he was almost dead inside.
It’ll be okay. He’ll talk to Steve at dinner, and maybe tell him
Tony sat on the ground, back against his bedroom door the moment it closed. He forced himself to take deep breaths to slow the furious beating of his heart.
He could still feel the regret washing over him, ebbing and flowing ever so often, all the what-ifs and maybes tormenting him day and night.
Steve’s worried face soon appeared around the corner. “Tony?” he called, holding up the torch in his hand.
Tony frowned at the words coming out of her mouth, making sense on their own but mystifying when put together.
“So, yes, I liked the way you cooked. And right now, I love the way you shine. You will never be too much or too little of anything because you are just the right amount of everything I love. And we may be broken for now, me more so than you. But I know you’ll put us back together.”
Steve made a choking sort of noise. “Careful there, Mr. Stark,” he said in a low voice. “Keep that up and I might fall for it.”
Just one.
Tony wiped the tears away with his thumbs, kissing the streaks that ran down his husband’s face. He rubbed his back, whispering softly to calm him down as one phrase stuck in his head.
Tony had mentally and physically prepared himself for the worst-case scenario – an overbearing alpha who wanted to dominate and control. Now that that wasn’t happening, he had to come up with a new plan.
It was the sound of war.
Nightmares had been constant companions, frequent and unwelcome visitors to their marital bed. A recurring one for Steve was an old memory. Yet, for Steve, the wound was still raw, having never been given the time to heal.
The palladium was a core for a miniaturised arc reactor. It would keep the shrapnel out of his heart. Buy him time. If his Math was right, and it always was, it could generate three gigajoules per second. That could run his heart for fifty lifetimes.
“You can’t possibly think we can really survive without a war. Swords and spears, armour and shields. That’s our legacy. And what we did, what I did, was keep the world from falling into chaos,” Obie said.
Tony yelped, rubbing out the sting. “Steve, an intelligence organisation that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome.”
“You saw him leave?” she asked in a breathless whisper, shaken by the thought that Tony was one of the last few people to have seen him alive.
“Not tea.”
And in between his bouts of tinkering, Tony’s thoughts drifted to a husband who loved pancakes and just about anything he cooked or made or said or did. A man who sketched buildings and read books about science stuff when he wasn’t busy saving the world.
Watery eyes drifted to the uniformly grey wall behind the headboard, which really was a mosaic of humble stones that varied in shape and size, made into a masterpiece by the most skilled of masons.
“You’re right. It’s not,” Bucky agreed, as he smoothed Ronan's silk robes. “It’s hers,” he explained, and stepped aside as Nat came forward.
“So, three games each? Do you alternate? Or you let him win three in a row?” she asked, drily.
“Then, it just might work,” Tony said, and went back to pacing the room, while he mumbled something to himself.
This is Avengers (2012) from Tony's POV. :p
Strange was already on the battlefield practising how to create a large energy shield around their army to form a barrier. It would be from the inside of this bubble that they would observe their enemy up close, which gave them the chance to adapt their strategies if necessary.
“Yeah. Something like that.”
when you wanted to drive his car, and it hadn’t stopped you then,” he said, bringing up a memory back when Tony was fourteen. “Oh, he was furious,” he said.
“Can’t do that all day. Besides, I’d much rather be doing this.” Steve brushed his hair aside, and pressed his lips to his forehead. Tony closed his eyes, as more kisses peppered the side of his face.
“Thor, you’ve got Bravo,” Steve said. “And Tony, I’m going to need a ride.”
“Thank you, milady,” Bucky said as he returned her spear, and leaned back when he saw his sword flying at his face, allowing the blade to whiz over his head and bury itself in the flesh of the berserker sneaking up behind him.
We are now going into second act where Tony becomes Iron Man and the resulting identity porn shenanigans.
“I did a history project about you. Your mother’s name was Sarah. You used to wear newspapers in your shoes. And - you love pancakes.”
Hi! Please be warned that there is minor character death (canonical) in this chapter. Sorry this is kind of angsty.
Thor grinned at his excitement. “It’s not just a story, my friend. It’s legend, and they ring with truth.”
“I don’t want to be friends!” Tony choked out, sobbing now as his shoulders began to shake, like he was about to fall.
For a moment, Steve thought he felt the slight twitching of fingers, but he quickly dismissed it as a figment of his overactive imagination. Days of sleep deprivation and a constant exposure to poison had surely put a strain on his own body, which he was soon coming to distrust.
“I told you to stay in our room!”
Steve touched his lip in surprise and turned to share a look with the Hulk, who was making a face.
“Charlie locked,” Tony said, reporting back to Hill, who was coordinating.
“AND. I. AM. IRON. MAN,” he answered, emphasising the words with repulsor blasts to Killian’s heart.
“Helicarrier C. I said Helicarrier C!” Tony shouted.
Steve raised an eyebrow, not quite sure of what he meant. “Killing people?” he asked.
Tony chose that moment to return the atomiser to its case. “I assure you we have more to offer this world than making things that blow up.”
So Tony put together a supper of warm bread and chicken broth because what kind of mate, depressed or not, let his injured husband go to bed hungry?
I had a really hard time writing their reconciliation. It was a huge struggle for me to describe Steve’s remorse without him being too OOC. I’ll let you be the judge on this one. Is Tony being too nice? Does Steve not deserve forgiveness But they have to end up together?
Tony kept flying as he surveyed the long slopes and terraces that made up the landscape, in search of a good place to land. He settled on the flatlands near a small creek, where the grounds looked rich and well-watered. Stalks of gladioli peeked out from shorter blades of grass, and peppered the meadows with pinks, yellows and blues, made brighter in the buoyant sun.
“Besides,” Pietro continued, “knowing the mindstone is safe, with you, allows us to focus on avenging our father’s death. I would hate to lose the stone – to him.”
Finally, alone, Tony accessed the flash drive Fury had given him, which contained SHIELD’s top-secret files that Nat had downloaded while on the
Midnight smirked. “This will be the end of Valoria,” she promised.
wasn't ready and he wasn't in the mood for awkward elevator talk. He’d just about made it to the top when the elevator slowed down and stopped. He shuffled inside, avoiding eye contact with the new arrival.
Tony took in the solemn words. “He sounds like a tough one,” he said, as he tried to make light of the situation, and also because he didn't want Steve to die.
By the time Tony had the young man in the passenger seat, his face and lips were turning blue. Tony sped off, not caring where they went as long as it was far, far away from the smouldering fire.
Steve gave him a solemn look of understanding. He knew what was at stake. Yet, Tony could feel the tension abating as they relaxed against the wall, bodies pressed close to each other's as they waited for Steve to recover.
“Tony?” Steve called. “You in there?”
“Seriously, mortal, don’t hurt him,” Thor asserted.
Steve leaned in and pressed his lips softly against Tony’s open mouth. The contact was short but electrifying, and Steve felt like a newly-struck match, as the warmth spread from his lips to his cheeks and the rest of his body.
“Yes?” he asked, blinking in confusion.
When Tony bumped into a column for the third time, he’d had just about enough. “Oh Father, forgive me,” he mumbled as he pulled the medallion off his head, keeping it tucked safely behind Tyranaksthon’s plaque.
Trumpets blared as their red-and-white banners unfurled in the wind. Then, a herald stepped forward and introductions were made.
“You- What?”
A piece of rock.
Cold mist hung in the air and softened the bright lights from the ships below them. Unable to move beyond the line of defence created by the Howling Commandos, and bereft of their serpents and monsters, the weapon-deprived Anguisians had begun to beat a hasty retreat.
When Steve turned to look in their direction, Tony gulped, and forced his heart back down his throat. He dropped to his knees and crouched down beside Peter, as he contorted his body to make it as small as possible, before settling down behind a boulder.
Steve had been so nice to him. So, he was trying to be nice in return. He just wanted Steve to be happy and Steve was
“Nothing. I’m just going into cardiac arrest.”
“Yeah? But have you - been in love?” he quietly asked.
The bite had consummated their bond. A magnetic system, an in-built compass. To each other. Was it too broken to work? Or was he too broken to save?
Shallow breaths hitched around his sobs as he remembered the desperation of watching a ten-year-old Tony bleeding out in front of him, with each breath appearing to be his last.
“I’m going to kill him.”
Bucky was lowering the chaffron over his steed's head when they returned. He placed a soft kiss on Blaze's nose, and got up to greet them.
The messenger squinted and peered closely at Natalia. “But this one is Anguisian. Yes, I remember you, the Black Widow. Why aren’t I surprised to find you behind enemy lines? After all, you have always been a woman of many talents,” he said, gesturing to her body in an insult.
Having snatched the device out of Tony's handss, the young man inserted the thin nozzle between his pale lips and squeezed the bulb with his trembling fingers. Again. And again.
“No,” Sarah said. “Of course, he’s not.”
“Will we be seeing you again?” Steve asked as Tony was about to turn away.
“I’m the best,” he declared, laying his finished work on the table with a flourish.
And he would never be able to give that up.
He had to tell Steve everything, from the beginning, and spare no detail, if that was what it took to have another shot at starting over with the one he couldn’t live without. He put a hand on Steve's shoulder, and prepared to start, but before the first word could spill out of his mouth, the heavy oak doors that opened to the throne room, creaked and moved apart.
“If it gets up to speed, you’ll be shredded,” Steve warned.
Tony’s eyes widened at that revelation “What do you drink?” he asked.
“Sirs, the carriage is ready,” Sam informed them and Tony didn't bother hiding his disappointment.
The emperor, glowing with rage, swung his arms back and hit Steve on his head, grazing the sides of his face with his rings, leaving streaks of blood running down his cheek.
“I don’t want this winding up in the wrong hands.”
Steve nodded solemnly. “I understand. I’d do the same if I could.”
“It’s a name that strikes fear,” Obie boasted, “into the heart of anyone who hears it."
“Let them try,” he said.
Satisfied, Bruce took the glass from him and turned his attention to other chores. "I’ll restart the fire,” he said when he noticed the dying embers in the grate.
“Yes,” he agreed, meaning every muffled word he said into that broad, warm chest.
But Steve was not backing off, or coming down from his moral high ground. And there was something in his expression, a coldness, a darkness, a hardness, that had never been there before. He realised that he was being threatened. And he was afraid.
Steve could already hear Clint on his fiddle, and his friends voices singing that familiar melody. It was that cursed song - again.
Tony almost choked on his fire, and held it back so he wouldn’t burn Steve in his shock. “Steve!” he shouted, as he landed in front of Steve to wrap his wing around him, bracing themselves for another punishing blow.
Tony is a mechanic.
He bounded up the stairs, two at a time, till he reached the top floor. Hacking their codes, he found his way into a highly-secure-looking room and found Steve strapped down, with some serious-looking cuffs.
bullet there.
. He cried, the words of a wounded heart yearning for acceptance, affection and maybe love.
The dragonet stopped, large brown eyes turning to Rhodey for help. “Who? That’s a made-up name, right?” he said, before turning back to Tony. “What kind of name is Peter Parker? I mean Peter, because you only said Peter, right?”
“Well. Too bad for you then. I don’t have it.”
“He used to say that,” Wanda murmured, gazing thoughtfully at Tony as her trembling hands relaxed her grip on Steve’s throat.
“Yeah, sure. If that’s what you want.”
“I don’t do that anymore,” she said.
“I hope you’ll be careful, young sir. The world is changing. The
“Something smells delicious,” Tony said, as he brushed past Steve on his way to the kitchen. “Bread rolls,” he said, while peering into the oven with a happy sigh. “What did I do to deserve a husband like you?”
With the Sanctum Sanctorum located in Greenwich Village, just north of Shieldberg, it didn’t take long before Steve spotted its jewelled spire peeking out from behind tall trees. While it looked alluring in the light, displayed in such a prominent position, Steve knew that a litany of spells prevented its theft.
“I don’t deserve it,” he insisted, even though he allowed Tony to place it over his lap.
Tony. Tony and me - we’re two sides of the same coin.”
Thanos let out a heavy sigh. “I see you’ve made your choice. But did you think it through? These humans, frail and weak, with no magic to wield, will come to an end – sooner rather than later.”
It was magic.
There was a lot they needed to work out, but at that moment, after having seen Steve close to dying at the hands of the Winter Soldier and
Listening to the Jarvises discuss the difficulties of life brought to mind a boulevard, lined with fresh green grass and lemon trees. It was a eureka moment, an epiphany, and a vision of the path ahead of him.
“That’s Tyranaksthon,” Steve explained, brushing away a layer of dust to reveal a plaque with an inscription on it.
The sight of the incredibly rare iristone on Tony's hand filled Steve with so much pride that he barely noticed the dread closing in like an icy grip on his heart. It was a selfish notion — that Tony’s importance in a cosmic destiny would somehow relegate Steve’s importance to him, and that their paths had begun to diverge.
Also, here is a link to the physicist's perpetual motion clock that Steve made Tony if anyone is interested.
“Everyone, I’d like to make a little toast. My romantic life has been on hold, until about ten minutes ago. Honestly, it’s hard not to be cynical about love. But couples like you give hope to the rest of us. Tony, you deserve nothing but the best. Steve, don’t you dare hurt him.” Natasha said, shooting him a glare.
“What?” Steve exclaimed, with a face full of righteous indignation. “You can’t give me orders. I’m a king!”
Tony focused inward, and turned himself into his human form, so he could navigate the narrow passages toward the peak, receiving the occasional boost from Steve as they struggled up a sharp slope of screes.
“Whabbout Hulk?”
He had always been
Glaive roared and turned his head to glare at them both. “For each of us you kill, two more will take our place. You’ll never – ” he shouted, as he disappeared into another well-placed portal.
Steve gazed back into those warm eyes and hesitated. This was his chance – to find out. He could clear things up if it was all a misunderstanding, or confirm his greatest fears.
The blood was streaming into the air before Tony felt the slashes down his lower back. Corvus Glaive, who had somehow crept up unnoticed, roared furiously at them from behind as he brandished his ironhard talons to claim credit for the despicable attack.
“I’ll build myself a tiny hay fortress.”
, which Wanda had extracted from the blackstone walls of the throne room, where the twins jointly ruled over their people in peace.
“Controversial. But brilliant. And the way it should be.”
“All right. Whatever,” he sighed, conceding. “Honestly, I hate working here. They are so weird. Cap’s on the top floor and the Black Widow’s in the basement.”
“No,” Steve repeated, and cupped Tony’s small face between his large hands. “Stay on the cliffs. We need you and your men to work those ballistas. Keep your distance. Don’t put yourself in the line of fire.”
. He nearly said, high from the adrenaline, but Steve was pulling away.
Steve almost laughed at the irony of the gift. Here he was, thinking he had finally found a way to combat the forces of nature, in creating a top that would never stop spinning. But even lodestones, magical as they were, couldn’t keep a top spinning if it was already staggering on its last turnings.
Just a warning that the next two chapters are going to be quite angsty.
“Yeah? That’s what I thought,” Steve said. “I figured I’d just wait for the right person. And if I never found them, I’d just get by on my own.”
Steve paused, but finally relented, his resolve non-existent when his omega asked for things so nicely.
“Oh, wow. Pep. She’s a very, very impressive individual. She’s fluent in French, Italian, Russian, Latin. Who speaks Latin?" he asked, looking up from his tablet for a brief moment.
“Working on a secret project, are we?”
“Not possible when you take all the stupid with you,” Steve managed to say before Bucky pulled him into a tight hug.
Rhodey huffed. “Just say the word, Tony. And I’ll be over, kicking his ass.”
“I want the big one,” Tony said, and swerved sharply to go after Obsidian. Twice the size as a regular dragon, Obsidian’s weight might have offered an edge in a brawl, but it presented no small burden in high-speed flight.
“Hey, you’re done. Stand down. Final warning,” he threatened, flicking up his face plate to show Steve he meant business.
“I won’t,” Steve said, laughing at what he thought was a joke.
“Really? Tears?” she asked, and scoffed in disbelief.
Steve watched, enthralled as its purple hide turned grey, as though hardening to stone, just like what had happened with Nat. Just before its hide turned black, Steve pulled out the dagger and watched in wonder as the fang began to crystallize.
“It’s okay, Buck. No one is breaking any laws. All you have to do is ask. You already know my answer. Nat is not the most open person in the world, but she’s different with you.”
the right time. Killian wasn’t glowing anymore. The antidote that Steve had stabbed him with had run its course.
“Oh,” Steve mumbled in a mixture of embarrassment and relief. “I do love chocolate – and films and – everything you said, but I shouldn’t – I can’t. I have to be up early tomorrow.”
“That was for shooting me. In Odessa. And this is for DC,” she explained, slapping him a second time.
“Stark, you’re up,” Strange called, so Rhodey and Peter fell back. As Tony pulled ahead, a deep breath filled his lungs with swirling hot air, which he exhaled in an explosive burst of fire that sent the bats into a frenzy.
Tony nodded. He’d done an elective on interior decorating at the finishing school his parents had made him attend. He could decorate their home.
“No,” he protested, careful not to antagonise her, well aware of her iron grip round Steve’s neck. “Ironclaw was a gift,” he said as delicately as he could.
“We’ll be right behind you,” Tony offered.
Tony tugged on Steve’s hand and as he leaned over to hear what Tony had to say, the prince pressed his soft lips against his. Steve’s arm curled around Tony’s waist, and he pulled his husband so close he could feel his heat seeping into his own body and warming him from the inside.
“Oh shit,” the prince said as his right hand flew over his mouth. Then, his wide eyes were on Steve’s large hands which were holding his left.
Tony shook his head.
“That's hilarious,” he deadpanned. “I’m 75, not dead.”
“At home?” Tony echoed. He turned to Steve, holding his lamp up to his face. “Why? Are you Tyranaksthon?” he asked, making a show of wide, frightened eyes. “Taking your young husband inside your lair? What are you trying to do?” he asked, narrowing his eyes.
Tony returned the smile as he joined Steve at the parapet. “Come on. You’re kind of missing the point of a party,” he teased,
Tony was underwater.
“Only the good stuff,” Natasha assured him in a way that was hardly reassuring at all.
Please let me know what you think. Anyone wants to guess who the red and silvery blue dragons are?
“Steve,” he whispered, as it all went dark.
Bucky was the first to set off, eager to get a head start on his mission. The rest cheered, waving as their flag fluttered behind him. But Tony couldn’t. Because just before Bucky mounted his horse, he’d waved goodbye to Tony. And on his hand was a gold band with a bright blue stone, sparkling like the stars of their flag. Tony had just seen it in the garden.
It was hard for Tony to ignore the image of Steve on his knees, polishing the filthy shoes of these slovenly men and women who were much too spoilt to do it themselves. And the thought that one of them might take a liking to Steve and take him home with them struck fear inside his heart.
“Yes, Alpha,” he mumbled, watching his husband’s response closely through his lowered eyelashes.
“There's no one I trust more.
On the high throne of blue velvet and gilded gold, which extended sideways in the shape of wings to depict the royal eagle on the Valorian coat of arms was a hulk-sized giant of purple skin. He had a broad face, wide shoulders, with powerful arms and thick fingers, adorned with a total of five shimmering gems.
. Obie had told him that story, extolled the importance of taking advantage of life’s opportunities. And he had done just that.
If not for the bloodstone around his neck, he would have died, but he was the boy who lived, and Thanos had been inside his head for ten years, since the day he blazed a hole in his chest - with dragonfire.
“You hate
“You all right?”
Steve looked remorseful, but a long way from an unconditional surrender. “I did,” he finally admitted, watching him closely, in anticipation of the impending assault.
“DUM-A was the cleaning robot,” Tony protested.
“What’s a basilisk?” Clint asked.
“Once upon a time,” Steve began, as he sat down beside Tony, close enough for their elbows to touch. “There was a boy who dreamed of being a knight, but due to his frail stature and poor health, he was turned away from the military, time and again, until they told him he wasn’t allowed to try anymore.”
And when he finally caught his breath, he had to ask. “Was that your first kiss since 1945?”
Feeling the weight of five pairs of eyes on him, Steve said, firmly, “No.”
They considered going on a vacation, but their dream destinations were worlds apart. Tony wanted to travel to Asgard (by hammer) and Steve wanted to go to New Jersey (by armoured tank). Meeting in the middle didn't quite work because Tony couldn't go anywhere with water, sand and dark places. And Steve couldn't go anywhere with people-who-were-not-Tony.
Caught in a snowstorm of Rhodey’s doing, the dragoness was thankfully kept from attacking them again. Peter’s tail was holding her in place and a fuming Midnight could only watch as her dark blue scales turned grey, then white as frost spread quickly to cover her body and wings.
Tony stopped in his tracks to return the greeting. “How are you doing, Bucky?” he asked, his voice coming out in a soft growl.
“Yes,” Thanos said, as he raised his hands to show them the five different-coloured stones, now glowing on his fingers.
“Not bad, for the end of the world,” Bucky answered, good cheer ringing in his voice. “And what about Tony?” he asked, dropping his voice to a whisper. “I'm asking for a friend.”
“don’t want me to change?”
“More magic!”
Tony barely responded to Pepper’s questions (regarding the 8,011 things she needed his attention on), choosing to focus his attention on Steve and Miss Romanov, walking away, arm-in-arm. He didn’t miss the familiar way Steve placed his hand on the small of her back and how she playfully punched his arm when making a point.
“What are we talking about?” Steve asked, lips quirking upwards despite the weariness in his eyes.
Then he went crashing from the high, plummeting perilously towards the ground. “J, don’t be a stranger! Break the ice!”
Gold dust sprinkled from Loki’s wings as the Asgardians flew over the enemy troops. It had a tranquilising effect on the berserkers, whose movements began to slow down. Some had even begun to lay down their arms.
“Icing problem?” Obie asked and frowned at Tony, before a descending dracanix unleashed a hailstorm at his wings, thus causing them to freeze up almost instantly. Unable to move his wings, Obie plunged toward the ground, where he landed with a loud crash in the midst of tall trees.
“Yes. But not at you. Never at you,” Steve reassured, resting his hand at the back of Tony’s head. “I’m so sorry, Tony. I should have known you’d be upset. I should have made sure you were all right.”
Apart from the ring, there was no other sign he was married. He fingered the smooth skin on his neck, wondering how it would look and feel like marked. And if it ever would be.
“Oh yeah, sorry. Steve, this is my best friend, James Rhodes, or Rhodey. And Platypus, this is my alpha, Steve.”
“The mindstone...” Steve murmured, as he gazed reverently at the latest addition to Tony’s hoard.
They traded punch for punch, kick for kick, before the masked man pulled out a knife, flicking it expertly with practised ease.
“He believed you,” Steve said.
“You missed our little reunion in Malibu. And I was sure I’d seen that suit somewhere. Perhaps in
“Thanos knows we’re here,” Strange said, flying toward them as the portal closed behind him.
“Tell me what?” Steve demanded, and felt slightly put out at being the last to know something about his husband.
Silhouetted against the orange inferno, the rescuer looked like the stuff of legends – garbage lid shield in one hand and baby in the other, and Tony could feel his jaded heart sparking to life, as the young Perseus ran past him and out into the open space, where they got to witness the tearful reunion between the worried-stricken mother and her baby.
“I think the blue is a nice touch.”
He placed it on Tony’s palm, and his fingers burned at the contact. When he looked at his hand, it was scorched, thus adding to Tony’s distress.
“Steve!” Tony yelled. Releasing Thanos’ arm, he leapt into the air and clawed at the dragon’s chest. As Thanos let out a loud bellow, Steve tumbled again and grunted softly when he landed painfully on his shoulder.
Thanos let out a roar of incredulous laughter as he overtook Tony and turned around to face him.  “Your precious king, your friends, have all been vanquished. They lie fallen, unable to save themselves, much less you. Where is my disadvantage?” he demanded, and lowered his face so that their noses nearly touched.
Clothes were strewn all over the bed, a sight that hurt his eyes. Sighing heavily, he folded and sorted the mess into neat piles. Finding yet another one of his shirts in the pile, Tony decided to do the laundry. He didn’t want Steve wearing out his band tees just because he was out of fresh clothes.
Instinctively, Steve closed his fist around it, and took the medallion into his own hands. It was Tony’s and no one else could have it, not even Tyranakthon himself.
Rhodey arrived violently in front of him, blowing away the contents of his taco. He travelled everywhere in the suit these days, ruining everyone's lunches, so there was no excuse for missing the party.
Steve shook his head. “I haven’t changed my mind about anything, but – but does
“You do,” the young man agreed readily while watching him keep the device. “It's great how it works without a power source. You could use it anywhere, no hospitals, although you’ll have to lug around a giant briefcase wherever you go.” He glanced up in horror at what he’d just said. “Well, it’s nothing, Mr. Stark. It’s perfect. Thank you.”
Tall candles illuminated the marble pillars of the throne room, with delicate flowers and fine leaves etched on them in imitation of the garden outside. In between the lofty columns supporting the high ceiling stood majestic sculptures of former kings, separated by the blue carpet running down the middle of the room and up the raised platform.
“Bucky, you’ve known me your whole life. Your name is James Buchanan Barnes.”
South of the range, Valoria bloomed in a rainbow of colours. Red-orange earth gave rise to yellow fields and lush greens. Plenty of fish were to be found in their cerulean waters, and the sun-kissed highlands lay carpeted all year in the purples of heather, lavender, sage.
“We’re your loyal customers, the
Steve’s eyes flickered and opened wide, horrified at the sight of smoke billowing black across the hall. It thickened and filled his lungs, causing him to cough. The fire in the hearth towered over them as flames licked at the oak walls, burning them to their foundations. The paintings and books he’d kept on the mantelpiece were also alight and burning down to cinders and ash.
His repulsors charged up, before blasting the next terrorist into a wall.
Tony blinked as Steve was named the successor to SI. Due to their nation’s laws preventing omegas from owning corporations, Tony knew it wasn’t possible for Howard to leave SI to him. He was, however, surprised that it hadn’t been left to one of Howard’s colleagues. Obadiah Stane? Anton Vanko? Hank Pym?
The universe, suffering from Thanos’ cruel reign, had required correction. And after that, the stones served no purpose beyond temptation. It was time to return the gems and dragonbone to the celestial dragon and hope he would finally rest in peace.
Tony stepped backwards as Steve reached for him, as if he wanted to rub the bruise out. As if he could rub out the ink on the papers they had signed. Maybe that’s how it worked for super soldiers, but Tony’s experience was different. Even when marks faded, scars remained. And the pain never went away.
Tony nodded mutely, appetite gone.
If you've read this chapter before 1 February 2021, you might (or not) have noticed that I've changed the names of their warships. Initially, they were named after dragons, but that's so random. I've decided that Valoria loves their birds (the eagle is on their coat of arms, they have a giant falcon, so their warships are the Heron, Osprey, Wryneck, Lammergeir, Ibisfugl, Nighthawk, Gullbird. The first letters spell out HOWLING. :) Previously, the warships were Hydra, Ouroboros, Wyvern, Lyndwyrm, Imugi, Niddhogr, Gargouille, but these would probably be better names for Anguisian ships instead. =p
“Might want to look into it.”
“Earth to Rhodes?” Tony asked, waving a hand in front of a blank face.
“The wicked dragon tossed his head back in laughter, and smacked the shield aside. He took a deep breath and opened his mouth to fire a second jet, this time into the heart of the second child. Then, what happened?” Tony asked, as he looked to Steve for help.
Clouds were gathering outside, which channelled the sunlight into a swirl of rainbow rays that twisted together to form a funnel of white light. It glowed of elegant power and pulsing light, with the promise of celestial beings. When light faded and winds calmed, Steve found himself looking at two men with the most elaborate headpieces he’d ever seen.
They headed outside, where Steve could hurl into the distance, surprised by the ease with which it returned to his hand.
“You have
Mission accomplished, the barges that were now laden with enemy arrows made their way back to
“For you,” Steve said, and he had meant to return it, which was why he did everything he could to ensure their paths would cross once again.
As his heart pounded violently in his chest, Tony held his breath, keeping his shoulders back and chest out, looking directly at the titan’s repulsive face and his hard, twisted features, as he willled himself not to flinch.
“Rhodey? Is he already here? Send him down!” Tony chirped, his heart fluttering with excitement.
Steve only tightened his grip. “Everyone is supper. Even the dead basilisk will find itself devoured. It’s the circle of life. The predator becomes the prey and the prey the predator.”
“This is it?” Tony asked, as he eyed the budding leaves on its branches. “This is where it was hiding? And no one knew? Not even Bruce? How on earth did you manage that?”
Nat stayed close to Tony as they made their way to the meeting point. “Don’t mind him,” she said. “It’s been a rough couple of months without Tony. When this is all over, we need to sit them down and make them talk.”
There were others like Sarah – incredible people who kept their kingdom going with their blood, sweat and tears. Even in mourning, they made cheese and baked bread. They tended to their flowers and harvested their fruit.
Steve hesitated. “You - uh - display compulsive behaviour, you’re prone to destructive tendencies and yeah - you’ve got textbook narcissism.”
A huge thank-you to Serinah for beta-reading this chapter. Thank you to AvengersNewB for all her encouragement and support. I would never have finished / posted this story without their constant reassurances (lies) that it isn’t a complete disaster.
“The Infinity Spell,” he gasped through his shallow breaths, and Bruce had to hold him steady to keep him from falling.
. In it, he found a surveillance video, labelled
Hi! Here's the next chapter. :)
Dugan’s
paying attention!”
“I wish for Anthony Stark.”
All of it was wishful thinking.
“Guys, stop,” Bruce intervened, before being swiftly attacked.
“I was hoping to use it myself,” she told him, quietly. And there was no missing the consternation in her voice.
“How does it look?” Tony asked.
Maybe, Steve been forced into this marriage too. Had to take on a mate to show he was stable. Steve said he was helping. He must have meant the cooking and cleaning. Tony supposed he did them well. He always gave his 100% whatever the task was. Steve was just showing his appreciation. For a job well done.
His parents’ lights had gone out before their time. And in that moment of darkness, he’d looked up to the evening sky, found the right star and it had led him home.
The words escaped before he could stop them. “Fury, you son of a bitch,” he said as a surprised hand flew up to cover his trap.
The story is complete, but I may add art or deleted scenes to it in the future. I want to thank every single person who has read, commented or left kudos on this story. You've been so sweet and kind! I really wouldn't have been able to finish this without your encouragement and support!
“Much better.”
“We are online and ready. Although there are still terabytes of calculations before an actual flight is…”
“Wow,” Tony said, the sunlight dancing in his eyes. “That is some story!”
“Ste- Cap, I need the lever.”
“Maybe you should,” Steve said, offering him a meaningful smile.
"Hey," he said, taking Steve's hands into his and forcing the sobbing alpha to look at him. "Hey, Steve, look here. It's going to be okay. I'm going to forgive you, all right?"
“A dragon.”
Steve’s mouth fell open, and it stretched so wide it would surely catch flies. “What?” he gasped.
“Then, we can’t let those helicarriers go up in the air.”
“I’ve been doing some research myself,” Tony admitted, voice dropping to a whisper. “Found a few points of interest, some things that didn’t quite add up.”
“Oh. Stuff. It’s nothing. I just - I collect things,” Tony mumbled and kept the lid on it tightly closed.
. Of course it did. He was living proof.
A T Y R N A K S T H O N
It wasn’t hard, not in the least, but completely unexpected. Once the shock had worn off, Bucky laughed and his eyes shone with mirth.
He knew exactly what it was.
“What for? We’ll just ask you,” Clint said, before they all turned to stare at Tony who had begun making strange hissing sounds.
Steve blinked at the display of colourful, moving lights meant to demonstrate Rex’s incredible powers. It was a mesmerising sight, one so unreal that Steve thought he had to be hallucinating. “What’s in this tea?” he mouthed to Tony from across the table, when they exchanged a look.
“Don’t let it touch the sides when you’re- Ow!”
Bruce dabbed at the wounds to clean the dried blood, and rinsed the towel in a basin of warm water, before he started over. As he went over one of the deeper gashes, Tony whimpered and twisted his body, even as his eyes stayed closed.
“Oh my God, that was really violent!” Tony exclaimed, and looked at Hulk in awe.
Tony’s eyes flickered open to the sight of Steve, the love of his life, glaring down at Killian, flooding him with relief and terror all at once. Tony gripped the railing for support as Killian abruptly let go of him. He watched, wide-eyed, as Steve’s eyes, filled with hurt, shifted pointedly from him to Killian and back to him again.
The name, spoken aloud, was the password to the safe in Steve’s heart and the stories, like treasured gems, were soon tumbling out.
Steve was on the beast in a second, hitting it squarely on the head with his shield. It let out a wail and opened his mouth to free their friend, who leapt away with her arm cradled to her chest.
, wasn’t it?”
“Dude. Captain America needs our help. Now’s the best time to get back in. Are you not ready to follow Captain America into the jaws of death?”
“Fury, Dugan, Falsworth, Morita, Dernier and Jones - It’s the Howlies. They’re always going to fight,” Sam assured him.
. My loyalty is to you and our kingdom. I took an oath,” Bucky said, his tone defensive.
“Widow needs a lift to the top floor of the tower.”
A note (in his mother’s cursive lettering) was tied to the gift.
The drones were there and they were surrounded. Tony took his place beside Rhodey, so they stood side by side, ready for the onslaught.
“We’ve had breakfast,” Tony reminded him.
Peter, a really excellent flier, managed to avoid getting caught in Ivan’s squalls. Instead, he led Ivan toward the towering columns of stone rising from above the sea, effortlessly manoeuvring through the tight spaces under arches and between columns. His compact and nimble body allowed him to fly circles round the larger dragon, who was beginning to tire and slow down.
Stretching his back and raising himself to an impressive height, Thanos got to his feet and ambled down the long flight of stairs toward him.
“You’ve been getting hurt a lot lately,” Tony pointed out gently.
He loved him as he was - dragon or not. He really did, judging from the brightness of his blue eyes as he continued pouring his heart out to Tony in earnest.
When he had the floor, Pierce addressed the group, describing that very moment as the tipping point between order and chaos. They were going to give that delicate balance a little push, just a tiny push of a button in his hand, to give the world the freedom it deserved.
Bucky, who’d just been saying his goodbyes to the captains, seemed to know at once that something was off. His face fell and the blood drained from it. Then, he broke into a slow jog.
“What exactly did he say?”
“They are beautiful,” Tony agreed, putting on a pair of gloves and getting down on his knees to help.
Steve turned to kiss his forehead, and frowned at the fresh bruises on Tony’s shoulders and arms. Biting his tongue, Steve forced a smile for his beaming husband, all the while fuming at Strange for allowing this to happen.
“They’re not healing,” Bruce sighed, with his brows furrowed together, and Steve could see how he was speaking the truth.
He remembered him too.
In the dim light, Steve spotted a flash of pearly whites and it warmed the cockles of his heart. How he wished to be the reason for that smile, for Tony to throw his head back with laughter because of what he said or did. It was just too bad he didn’t have the ability to turn into an enormous green rage monster at will.
“Then let me take you away. The smoke must be making it worse,” he said, ignoring the weak protests as he heaved the other man onto his back. “I’ve got a car nearby.”
“I counted nine dragons – eight now,” he corrected, as Rhodey freeze blasted another one into a portal. “They’re dragons, but they’re not the Black Order. I think our friends are going to be fine. And as for you, you’re going nowhere. You’re done. Banned from flying – until further notice.”
The tender move appeared to placate Tony. “Don’t die,” he mumbled in return, and buried his face into Steve’s chest.
They were so sweet that Tony wanted to throw up.
“Guess not,” Thanos said, as he tossed the weapon to Pietro. “I would have remembered you,” he added, before waving an arm and sent a defenceless Steve flying across the room.
Tony took the bait. “Really? Steve? Now’s the time to talk about Aristotle? Do you know he also said that blonds have better sex?” Tony began, and Steve raised a brow in encouragement. “You’re blond. So, please enlighten me.”
“You’ll never what? You didn’t finish!” Steve yelled after him while Tony, with his heart still pounding wildly in his chest, climbed toward the landing pad in front of the castle’s high gates.
“Okay. Steve. Just Tony is fine," he echoed.
Abruptly, he turned, and placed one foot in front of the next as his stumbling legs carried him toward the exit. His hip bumped the side of the alchemy table and a harsh laugh escaped. Through his blurry vision, he could make out the label on the canister -
“You know why,” Thanos said. “It was Stark.”
“So, pull on the red lever, slow the rotors down so you can go in and get out?” Steve clarified.
Steve let out a heavy sigh. “What can I do? I’ve applied for an exemption, and I've declared my weak heart, my asthma and nervous trouble! And it was denied! With all my health issues, I don’t think I should even be having kids, but maybe that’s nothing to worry about, because I’ve never had a heat. Maybe I’m not really an omega,” he said hopefully and there it was again – the delicious scent of overcooked blueberry waffles.
boil everything. He would probably be fine. Probably.
“No, they don’t,” she agreed.
Rockhenge was an unusual venue for a royal wedding, but a terribly significant choice. A monument to honour fallen warriors on both sides of the war, it was a covenant between Armestria and Valoria to be a united force through good and bad times.
Lights moved as the sun climbed to its highest point, and brightened the room with each moment that passed. From across the room, jars and bottles clinked in accompaniment to the raindrops drumming steadily against their windows.
Tony took a deep breath and forced his lips into a smile. “Nope,” he said. “I’m all kinds of stubborn.”
The ceiling glowed with blue light from the heart-shaped medallion in its filigree frame, the intricate metalwork going around the perimeter, continuing on its back.
“Your go-to strategy for fending off your unwanted suitors?” Tony explained, glancing at the half-eaten walnut date loaf. “Does that usually work?”
After his ordeal, Steve developed a protective streak a mile long. The Avengers were tolerated because he trusted them with his own life and Tony’s safety by extension of that. But everyone else was expected to keep a safe distance of as-far-as-possible, as a number of people found out (the hard way).
"Thought you'd never ask."
When Nat and Clint weren’t hunting down the rest of the
Steve wanted to laugh.
“You are a tragedy.”
“Yeah,” he heard him.
“But this is ridiculous,” Steve complained. “Why bother with repopulation if they wont give us the time we need to find the right person with whom to raise the family? How do they expect us to find this person before we’re 25? And why 25? Before that, everything’s a free market, and after, it becomes a command economy. For a country that prides itself on democracy, this is a crying shame, because this isn’t freedom – "
But she wasn't going to give in without a fight. “I’m allowed to have my secrets. I’m not the one who signed that report.”
So, when Steve rode up and drew rein before Tony, he slowed to a stop and lowered his head, so Steve could climb on his back.
Tony drew back abruptly, cheeks burning with shame. Steve didn’t want him. Not like that. His socially-inept self had read the signs all wrong. And thrown himself at his kind, thoughtful husband, making him uncomfortable in the process.
Thanos returned it with fire of his own, and as the forces collided, they rose into the sky to shroud them in smoke. Tony was in the air, and his talons were raised to strike. Landing heavily on Thanos, he shoved him onto the grass and sank his teeth into his muscular neck.
“When did you - become an expert on thermonuclear astrophysics?” Tony greeted as he joined them, planting a quick kiss on Steve’s cheek.
“Courting stuff?” Steve asked, a hopeful note in his voice.
“Try this,” Strange said, as he offered the abomination to Tony.
“Yeah,” Tony nodded, hurrying out towards Iron Man’s room.
Tony sat upright, arms beside him, stiffly. The suit was doing wonders for his posture. He listened to Steve go over their plan for the last time.
“Okay, fair enough,” Tony said, after he’d given himself time to consider the point Jarvis was making. “So maybe, I shouldn’t have kept my secrets. That’s on me. But freaking out and writing that report to keep me off the team, that’s on him. He told me -”
Tony’s eyes were huge, as they shifted from Thor to his companion and back again, and Steve was feeling a little starstruck himself. Those guys came from legend. They were basically gods.
With a grunt of effort, Steve stabbed at Killian, nodding imperceptibly to confirm that he'd found his target. However, the blow appeared to have no effect and the deranged man retaliated with a swift stab of his own to Steve’s middle.
They stayed like that a while more, and some of Steve’s anxiety began to wash away. “Is he – is he going to die?”
Bucky, to Steve, was the sun, warm, giving and full of life. He, in contrast, was the much-smaller moon, a mere reflection of the sun’s light yet invisible in its presence.
Steve raised a brow. “They bond for life?”
The king paused as he turned to Tony, as if hesitant to command him.
Okay. Okay. It would be okay. There had been a lot of water. There was a power surge and a blast. Tony was broken, more broken than he'd ever been. But he would be okay.
“Courting stuff,” Tony said, offering the man the tiniest hint of a smile.
“A friend,” Steve said.
A knock on the door had Steve shuffling to find Bruce outside, looking worn and dishevelled and clearly in need of rest, despite smelling of the fresh herbs he’d brought.
It didn’t take long for his opponent to capitalise on his mistake, and very soon, it was checkmate.
Habeastadino (Obadiah Stane)
“What?” he asked, when he realised he was being spoken to.
as he swaggered toward Loki and aimed the weaponry at him.
Tony’s rambling halted to a brief stop as he tried to regulate his breathing and hide his anxiety, and found Steve staring expectantly at him with what looked like emotion swimming in his eyes. “Sorry, did you say something?”
“Surely, it must be mine,” Steve said, in awe of the fact that Thor even knew his name, sort of.
The armour-clad knights were a short distance away, staring miserably at the bleak landscape. Onyx Bay was a place of desolation, and its air was bitter and harsh. The stench of rot lingered everywhere, even near the forests, where withered mosses strangled the shrivelled trees that sprouted with maggot-ridden buds.
“Stark, this is Hill. We need you to come in. Fury’s been shot. Cap and Widow are missing. And SHIELD’s been compromised.”
Despite their valiant efforts, the berserkers kept coming incessantly, and the Valorians were in danger of being overrun. The undead warriors fought in a trance, immune to fear and pain, unafraid of death, oblivious to the struggles of mere mortals.
“I - what?” Tony hissed, surprised at the mention of the language of dragons. “You guys aren’t hearing him too?” he asked, and slowly turned to face the others who were shaking their heads.
“I know. But I did it."
Jarvis shook his head, looking sad. “Sometimes, one can only do so much. The heavy rains last month wiped out our rose garden, which was growing right there. Nature, however, has her way of showing you the best plants to grow, and the ones that can weather a storm.”
“Why should I do anything? You’re going to kill me, either way. And if you don’t, I’ll probably be dead within the week.”
It had a more modern look to it now. Steve had refurbished it with a coat of new paint, new furniture and tools. And it looked beautiful.
They'd offered him the same hospitality, and had gone out of their way to give him a warm welcome. Still, Tony constantly felt out of place amongst this horde of hardened warriors. Sure, he was fairly proficient with his sword, having taken extensive lessons as a child, but whom was he trying to kid? In terms of combat experience, he had none, with how he'd been forbidden from participating in even a tourney or a joust.
“Good save,” Jarvis commended, accepting the bowl with a look of delight. “You know how fond I am of poached eggs. And this, it looks splendid.”
No beta so let me know if you spot any mistakes! Thank you! :D
With a slight shift of his head, Tony could see the wooden top, indeed hovering above the wooden box as it spun. “It’s brilliant,” Tony whispered, and each word caused him excruciating pain.
. They explored the possibilities before agreeing that even it if was going to end up being a city-hall debate, it was a decision best made as a team.
“Do something fun with me?” he asked. He's been cooped up at home for so long. He could very well do with a night out.
“He’s after a stone,” Tony said. “They’re all looking for it.”
“You don’t have to let him win.” Ana said, when they were alone. Edwin knows what you’re doing. And it takes the fun out of the game.”
The knights caught on to what Strange was doing and rounded up the remaining stone-giants and trolls, herding them toward the wizard, so he could bind them with his magic.
“This- This is for me?” Steve asked, visibly moved.
When he looked up, Thanos’ fist was in mid-air, held in place by Wanda’s magic. The mindstone was on her finger, glowing a bright orange. She held on firmly, as her face and body strained with effort.
Tony gets some devastating news.
“Were we expecting visitors? Who’s Rhodey?” Steve asked, his frown deepening.
Tony followed Natasha to Iron Man’s room, conveniently located opposite his quarters with Steve. Tony stripped out of his armour and fluffed his hair. Then, he skipped along the corridors, asking for directions, before one of the techs kindly directed him to a laboratory where Steve and Bruce were deep in discussion.
I might have underestimated how hard it is to be a wife, a mom of two while trying to have a job all at the same time. And because my husband (who is a wonderful person and father) doesn't quite approve of my writing indulgence, I sort of have to do this in the middle of the night when everyone is asleep.
Sarah eyed him closely from behind her teacup. “Relax. You’re almost as nervous as Steve was,” she said. “We're lowborn folk, descended from farmers. It's no surprise that Steve must lack the grace of your usual company. But he's a good one. He takes good care of those loyal to him.”
“You don’t have to do this.”
“I said yes.”
“And this must have been your favourite tale," he murmured as he flipped to one of the dog-eared pages.
“You don’t know,” Loki said, while smiling enigmatically at Steve.
“You can start working immediately. And when you’re done, we will set you free.”
While Steve took care of
And then the cowards shouted at him to stand down, holding omegas and pups in front of them.
Steve waved at Bucky to take over. He was going after his husband, who had smiled broadly at him in invitation, before galloping off for the woods. Steve grinned at the unspoken challenge as he went in pursuit of the adventurous prince, who was already steering Stripe through the foliage, deeper into the forest.
So, take a deep breath and you might wanna sit down for this.
A long pause followed as the dragon hesitated about something. “You know what? This has gone on long enough. I’m just going to tell you,” he finally said as his eyes took on a determined look.
Succumbing to the fatigue in his legs, Tony found a bench beside the pond. It was mating season so the swans were putting on their best moves. Enthralled by their public displays of affection, he barely noticed when the space beside him became occupied, by the very person he was trying to avoid.
“He loved me, you know?” Tony whispered, voice raw from weeping. “He wants me to run his company.”
Scrambling to his feet, he ran for the door.
Steve kept his arms crossed. “I don’t care.”
There was the light prick of the quill on the inside of his elbow, which sent poison searing through his veins toward his chest and the rest of his body. Steve squeezed his eyes shut and focused on his breathing, doing his best to ignore the nausea pooling in his belly.
.” He tried not to flinch as Steve narrowed his eyes. “You’re hiding something from me.”
“I love you,” Tony said, feeling light-headed at the confession. It was hard to breathe, and he felt dizzy, like they’d left the atmosphere.
They returned to the tower, surprisingly intact despite the devastation in New York. Then, showered and fell into bed, falling asleep with their arms around each other.
But Tony didn’t want any of it. “Steve, I found my way out of those caves. I think I’m going to be fine.”
just about no desserts,” he solemnly answered, before falling back into a little grin. “But I did. Learn my lesson. And it wasn’t the one Dad was trying to teach.”
He found Steve in the living room, already dressed and waiting. It just wasn’t fair. For Steve to look and smell the way he did and not want him. Steve approached him with a smile and a twinkle in his eye and Tony liked to pretend he’s the cause for it and not a trick of the lighting.
“I live one floor away from you and it takes the world ending for you to visit?” Natasha complained, when she opened her door.
A famous man once said “We create our own demons.” The
Then, without warning, he ripped off his helmet and crushed it with one hand, as a terrified scream died in Tony's throat.
Peter stood up to rousing applause, and looked at Tony in disbelief, before cycling through the various emotions of happiness, pride and renewed determination. “Thank you,” he said, as his arms went around Tony’s sides.
It would be a gleaming moment in destiny, a brilliant clash of sword against shield, spear against armour. The board was set and the pieces were moving – toward the great battle of their time.
which they read together in silence.
“It sounds highly weaponisable. Enhanced soldiers, private armies, I don’t think…”
“Nope. They don't. They'd be a wreck, always worrying about when he was going to die. Yet so proud of the man he’s become. They'd be wildly conflicted. It would drive them crazy.”
“Captain Rogers and Agent Romanov are on their way to Stuttgart. Agent Barton appears to have been compromised. Thor’s brother, Loki, has taken the tesseract and has been spotted in Germany.”
Tony always teased Steve about being a man out of time. But he's the one running out of it now.
“Steve – ,” he said.
“Special,” Steve echoed. “Everything special about me came out of a bottle. All this,” he muttered bitterly as he gestured to his body, “is the result of the super warrior potion. I’m nothing without it,” he spat.
And all the ideas he’d had over the years.
The hard landing sent a flock of starlings flapping their wings, as their panicked shrieks heralded his arrival. “Sorry,” Tony whispered, and whistled sweetly in an effort to smooth their ruffled feathers.
It was in bloom.
“Let’s just keep everything on my private server.”
“Wasn’t sleeping,” the alpha said.
Alas, the moon waned and the stars dimmed. The images began to slip away until all that was left behind was the emptiness of the bedroom ceiling.
The Hulk was seated on the grass, scowling in Tony’s direction “Want Tony. Where Tony? Where?” he asked, as his face scrunched up, as if in pain.
“It’s purple, looks like an orb,” Thor said. “You’ll know it when you see it. It glows. It’s a common belief - that the heartstone only appears to
Over meat-filled wraps, they went a round, evaluating the events of the day. Widow, ever efficient, had completed her objectives, getting hold of Loki’s sceptre to close the portal. Hawkeye delivered as their eyes and arrows on top of the roof. Thor and the Hulk, their heavy hitters, were credited for annihilating close to 80 per cent of Chitauri fleet. Going by the news that was pouring in, Cap had rescued close to a thousand grateful civilians. And Iron Man had filled the gaps, providing support whenever and wherever it was needed. So, Tony was chided, then thanked, and hugged, for his heroic act of taking the nuke through the wormhole.
Tony frowned, his eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “Is this an omega thing? SHIELD has an issue with my gender?”
The messenger fixed his beady black eyes on her. “Why does a woman speak among men?” he asked.
“Anthony Stark,” Ivan hissed, sticking out his tongue in greeting, before he swung his long tail, cracking it sharply against the ground, creating sparks. “You come from a family of murderers and thieves. Today, I will rewrite the true history of the Stark name with your freshly-spilled blood.”
An ache in his lower belly reminded him that he’d forgotten to take his suppressants for what had to be the third time that week. So, Tony swallowed two at once, hoping to make up for the missed doses.
“Look, Tony,” Steve said, peering closely at his face. “Are you up for this? Are you? I need to know, because everyone is blowing up. I have to go. Your friend Rhodes. Nat. They need help. You can do this. You know you can. But if you don't want to, you’re in the suit. You’re safe. You can fly out the window. Back to the tower or anywhere you like. I’ve got a tracker on it. I’ll find you. Once this is all over.”
“What everyone does. A piece of you. The suit. Very impressive. I knew it was you, despite your ridiculous stories about a bodyguard.”
Just to be clear, Tony is in no way giving up being Iron Man. If anything, he’s realised he IS Iron Man and he is planting himself like a tree on that issue. But he wants to have an honest conversation (which they never did and that really is partially Tony’s fault) to make Steve understand this, which is why he’s going home.
Tony knew the drill. This wasn't his first rodeo. Dad would pay the ransom or S.H.I.E.L.D would get him out. He never had to stay longer than a week, except that one time. But he had a feeling that this was no ordinary kidnapping.
Tony gasped with mock indignation. “As much as I appreciate your unbridled enthusiasm, I’ve done more than enough riding for the day. All ready to hit the hay. That’s all.”
“Boost me,” Steve said, directing the command to a growing Bruce. “I’ve got to get to Tony. He’s all alone.”
Things had been going well with Steve, who turned out to be so liberal that Tony had to get used to his newfound freedom. While Steve went to work, he urged Tony to go on little shopping trips (with Happy). He even gave Tony a card with a ridiculously high credit limit and told him to buy whatever he liked.
“Steve,” he said, slowly, and his teeth were grazing lightly on his lower lip. “Everyone calls me Tony, so you might as well.”
He must have let the strain show as Bruce was looking over in concern. “It’s the last one,” he told him, with a reassuring smile.
And Steve was asking for his hand.
He was in captivity for a whole season. Three months. He’d spent three months on his own. Could he go three weeks without water? Or three days without food? (Or was it the other way round?)
Tony took a deep breath. It would be okay. Howard was always nice to him after. He’d hold him until the tears stopped. That’s what alphas did. They disciplined you, then comforted you. Then Tony would be forgiven. And everything would be all right.
The kiss was soft and slow, with none of the hunger from that day in the caves, but the passion of two lovers who’d gone through hell together - and would do it all over again. Time stood still as the world faded around them. Up there, on the deck of the astronomy tower, there were no swords to forge, no gems to find, and no dragons to battle – just the moon, the stars, and Steve.
“You’ll love him,” his mother had added, like icing on a cake he didn’t want, and Tony chose to take it with a generous sprinkling of salt, because that was what she’d said about Pepper and – just about everyone they’d deemed a potential mate. To be fair, they did their best to set him up with those they’d genuinely thought he'd get along with. And got along with them, he had. Yet, none of those matches had ignited the barest hint of a spark and the more people Tony met, the more convinced he was that he’d never meet someone he could really love. Because there was just so much he required!
Steve gets his wish.
Stifling a groan, Tony rolled away and sprinted deeper into the cave, for a moment regretting paying more attention to Steve’s mouth than the way around these winding tunnels. Without the lantern, he kept running into pillars, often slowing his progress, and the soft blue glow of the medallion was barely bright enough to illuminate his way to the exit.
He waited patiently for Steve to put his sketchbook down and cross the room to where he was reclining in his chair.
“5B!” someone yelled and thrust one of those light, compact aerosol extinguishers into the newcomer’s small hands, and before Tony could volunter to go in, a head of gold hair had streaked past him and up the stairs into the jaws of death. Tony would have followed, if not for the fact that he was in the middle of an equipment demonstration but it wasn't long before the welcome sirens of the fire brigade filled their ears.
so that he wouldn’t close his eyes.
“Then, it’s on our side,” he decided, his conviction strengthening at the sight of the dragon putting out the fires on their ship, freezing the waters around them. Caught in the stream of icy mist, monsters froze in motion, faces contorted and their bodies in a twist as the flames were snuffed out.
“Iron Man, those things are still coming,” Steve informed him.
He loved it.
,” Peter said, rubbing a wing over his Tony's bright scales.
“Schellehead,” Steve whispered hoarsely, and tears welled up in his eyes as he looked in horror at Tony’s wounds. “We’ll get you fixed up. You’re going to be fine. Come on, you’ve got to stay strong for – "
He examined the fruit between his fingers before popping it into his mouth. “I’m impressed,” he said, before having another. “Thought these only grew where it's cold.”
“She’s supper,” Steve explained, looking at the beast.
“We’ll find them,” Tony promised the princess. “And Anguisia will be free once more. At long last.”
The killer of his parents.
“Why are we stopping?” Steve asked, when Bruce began wrapping the quill in a paper towel, as if preparing to dispose of it.
Besides, waiting at the fields allowed both warrior and horse to conserve their energy, to have a drink and a snack, a last word with a friend, thus placing themselves in a stronger position to outlast their foes.
Thanks to the grain hybrids that Tony and Bruce had cultivated, Armestrian farmers had enjoyed a bountiful harvest, and a crop surplus that would last a number of years.
He walked about a hundred steps, barely making it outside the tower before he fell apart, bawling his eyes out by the side of the building.
Steve considered his husband's steadfast countenance. It was a face that would launch a thousand ships, and all he was asking for was twenty barges. And if his plan worked, they could deprive their enemy of their arrows, and save their own skins.
He cast his gaze downwards at Steve’s hand and noted how his wedding band paled in comparison to his larger, much-brighter sapphire ring. Tony gazed at the jewel, masterfully cut to catch the sunlight, so much so that it resembled the stars of their flag against the bright blue.
He scooped them up gleefully, balancing as many as he could on his teaspoon. “I’m not sure I've got what it takes,” he told her, mouth full of candy.
Nat gave him a faint smile. “Your eyes are red. Were you crying?”
“Schellehead,” Steve said, and stopped to gaze at an imaginary spot behind Tony’s shoulder. “We should go over the strategy,” he added.
She smiled. “Believe it or not, it’s kind of hard to find someone with shared life experiences.”
The top was whirring quietly away, and it reminded Tony of the young boy spinning the heartewoode seed, desperately pleading with Tony to
“Not all of us are twenty, you know?”
“Yeah. Well. Tony, if you want, we can file an annulment,“ Steve offered, filling in the awkward silence. "But only if it’s what you want,” he added, softly.
A quick look behind the emperor told him everything he needed to know. His friends were scattered worryingly around the throne room, in various states of oblivion, but his enhanced hearing detected three distinct heartbeats - faint, but steady – at least for now.
Tony stared at the box in front of him. Jarvis had just handed it to him a few hours ago, telling him it contained his father’s personal effects. He picked up a white envelope, bearing his name in his father’s messy scrawl. What did Dad want to tell him only after he was gone?
Tony’s eyes widened, then narrowed, as he realised what his husband was trying to do. “Well, you can forget it,” he snapped. I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one. To turn over the Iron Man suit would be to turn over myself which is tantamount to indentured servitude in New Jersey or prostitution in New York. You. Can’t. Have. It,” he said.
Thank you to
Steve nodded. “I’m sorry you had to see that,” he mumbled.
"Yes," he said, and quite suddenly, forgot how to breathe or speak, because the beautiful man beside him had said his name and it sounded like angels singing “hallelujah” from way up high.
I'm about to have a baby (our second one) in a few days so if I disappear for a bit, it is because I'm in the hospital, not that I've stopped. I've actually finished writing most of the chapters, so I definitely intend to keep updating whenever possible!
“I miss him,” he said, heart aching as he thought of his own father, who’d left them all too soon.
“I don’t know what I’d do if we hadn’t.”
“James,” she acknowledged with a quick slap to his face.
Tony shot him a look and schooled his face into a serious expression. “I do,” he said, solemnly, like he was repeating the vows, just for him. The teasing smile was back on his face in a moment. “You owe me a kiss,” he complained, “A proper one. Otherwise, the marriage won’t hold up.”
Steve reached out for one of Tony’s hands as he walked by. “You’re right. But bear in mind that we’re up against untrained slaves. Men from landlocked countries, having never sailed a day in their lives. They’re going to arrive hungry, seasick, exhausted. Each of us is surely worth ten times as much as one of theirs.”
“I am a threat!” Tony exclaimed, very thrilled. “Nat, am I above or below angry bees?”
“Love it here,” the dragon sighed. “Everything is so beautiful.”
“Hill!” Clint screamed, as he caught a shieldmaiden who’d dropped like an anchor, her gaze still and body unmoving.
“This is Iron Man,” he said, once the faceplate closed. “On my way to Engine Three.”
Sorry for the delay in posting this chapter. I've been suffering from health issues and have been ordered to sleep more, giving me very little time to edit and post. Hope everyone else is doing well! Thank you for reading!
“Steve? It’s cold.”
,” Steve confirmed.
“You asked about me,” Steve said, and looked pleased at this revelation. “What else did you hear?”
Tony looked at the caves on the other side of the beach. “His cave is just right over there,” Tony pointed out with a calculated air of nonchalance. “But if you’re scared...” he added.
But first, he had to unpack his belongings into his new (and old) home. It was nice of his parents to gift the house, Tony’s childhood home, to them. Tony shuddered at the thought of moving to the Avengers Tower, overcrowded with alphas and their stinking pheromones. If he was going to be a prisoner, at least he was going to be in a really comfortable cell.
“There’s not enough time. This thing’s moving too fast and it’s headed for New York. I gotta put her in space.”
Job done, it flew back to
“Magic with a flying kick!” Peter called out, as he delivered one of his legendary kicks to Thanos’ jaw before rushing to his exit. Thanos grabbed his long tail and flung him onto the cold, hard ground, which left deep cracks in the hexagonal tile. As he raised an enormous purple foot to crush Peter like an insect, the floor opened under the young dragon, who vanished from the room.
He was fine. He’d be fine. Steve was no stranger to rejection and he’d survived it countless times, only to find a new sense of purpose. The funniest thing was that for the longest time, he’d thought that Tony Stark was his destiny.
“Ships? But we need barges.” Without elaborating, Tony peered outside the window. “Say, is there always this much fog around here?”
“I just want to keep you safe,” Steve explained, as the elevator continued its journey to their floor.
s. Even when the world had conspired to stop him or slow him down, his husband had been his biggest champion, silencing his critics and giving him the resources, the support and space to pursue his goals.
After Thanos had attacked him that night, Tony had passed out. Truly, he didn’t know what had happened to the heartstone. Nonetheless, there were things he remembered and those memories could implicate an innocent life.
Aware that the clock was ticking, Tony put on his suit (a lovely Tom Ford, three piece, two button) which fit closely to the body. Indeed, it felt snug around his curves, almost like a hug. And he realised it was something he really needed.
The stairs were fully supported by the narrow tower’s circular walls so there was no central pillar, just iron railings wrought in clusters of forget-me-not motifs. Painted a bright blue, they made for a brilliant contrast against the pristine white walls.
The dragon was a man, who’d transformed himself that day to protect his greatest love.
Tony slowly got to his feet and looked the titan right in the eye. “Is that why you want the stone – to end the human race?”
It was evening when Steve returned.
“I’ll take tea,” Strange said and before Steve could respond, the teapot was out of his hand. It tipped slightly, allowing the steaming beverage to trickle out of its spout and into the sorcerer’s cup.
Tony worked quickly to disassemble the weapons they supplied him with. Joints were unscrewed, pieces were cut, metals were melted. All reduced to their simplest form, mere cells, ready to be repurposed.
"Back at the fields, did you mean what you said?"
wonders for his temperament.
“An octopus,” Clint echoed, as they shared a laugh.
Steve looked like he had more to say, so Tony stayed silent, allowing him to continue.
As a child, Sarah had often read
“He’s all yours,” he boomed as he shoved him in the middle of the civilians he’d been about to murder. It was pretty clear he wasn’t going to live happily ever after.
even though he was a god and he “could totally kick his ass in real life”.
“Yes. He made an elixir, and it was the first of its kind. Steve was the first and only person who got it and since then, he’s led a charmed life. It explains why he's a bit of a martyr. His faith is in people, and for the most part, they haven’t let him down.”
Rhodey looked at the dragonet flying toward them in a medley of twists and dives. “This guy has got a bit of a sense. He knows things before they’re about to happen.”
Like a rope.
Three dragons with glossy black scales landed at the bottom of the mounds and transformed into their human forms before making their way up. Tony matched them easily to Strange’s descriptions: Proxima Midnight with her trademark blue skin, Corvus Glaive with his gold horns and Cull Obsidian with his long, sharp fangs.
It's a bold statement. And Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “A boy who wants to be loved. You don’t know. Anything. About. Me.”
Effectively, their ship was frozen, but so were the leviathans, making them easy targets for the warriors on board. Those who were far enough to avoid the attack found themselves excluded from the action via the frozen moat.
“Okay, I’m sorry. Am I in your way?”
All it got out of Steve was a curt nod. “Obadiah Stane,” he said, coldly. “You were, without a doubt, the worst knight I’ve ever heard of.”
It required the extraction of the poison from Tony’s wounds, which would then be introduced to a healthy body. Extracting and distilling the blood of the human subject would yield an antidote, which was to be the solution for saving Tony’s life.
“I’m always going to be there for you. If you want me, if you need me, you know I’ll be there,” he promised, very quietly, and that earnest expression was back on his face.
“We’ve done everything that we can,” Strange assured the queen. “But you have to be prepared,” he added, as he looked briefly in Steve’s direction.
As a boy, he wanted to reach for the stars, what appeared to be the farthest thing out there. Later, he learnt to reach deep within his heart, which was the same thing in the opposite direction.
“And Captain America is on the threat poll?” Bruce asked, studying a list of names that had popped up on his screen.
But that was not their way.
“It’s late. I’ll get Happy to come around with the car,” Steve informed them when he finally returned, straightening his hair and dishevelled clothing. It’s impossible for Tony to ignore the light bruising dusting his knuckles.
“I need to check on my mate,” Steve told him, like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“You thought I was going to leave.”
Thankfully, the omega wasn’t waiting for one, and had turned his attention to the interior of Tony’s car – evident from the way he fiddled with the window regulator and the locks on his door. His wandering fingers even found their way to a dial that turned on the radio, which caused the brassy notes of Harry James’ trumpet to blare through the speakers.
“You’re the greatest sorcerer in the realm. If you can’t save him, then no one can,” she added, as her voice broke under the strain.
Captain Rogers gave him a small smile as their eyes met so Tony returned it. Maybe life would be okay if his husband liked him.
“We do,” Tony agreed, tapping the ring.
Shaking his head, Steve took his leave and headed toward the rock formation in search of peace and quiet, with Bucky and Nat’s voices fading behind him. They were at it again, bantering like an old married couple. And while it was usually cute, today it was only making him more nervous than he already was.
“What?” Tony mouthed and gaped stupidly at the young man who called himself Steve Rogers, because Steve, Howard and Maria’s Steve, was supposed to be twenty-four, just like he was, but this person in front of him, this boy, looked barely out of his teens.
Tony held Steve close as his body shook and his shoulders heaved. He patted Steve’s back as he whispered words of comfort and love into his ears while he waited patiently for the sobs to subside. When the shaking came to an end, Steve’s voice was thick and heavy, and choking with emotion. “I’m not crying,” he whispered roughly, and looked at Tony defiantly to prove his point.
There are a few countries mentioned, so here are some notes which will hopefully help us keep track of them...
Tony, though, was still determined to look on the bright side. “It doesn’t have to end in a fight,” he said, reminding them that there always was a way out.
“The serum in his blood is a stabiliser. It’s our last step in perfecting the virus. Thanks to our last encounter, I managed to collect a sample to run diagnostics. It was well worth the beating I got.”
“Yes,” the dragon said slowly, and looked almost relieved as he met his gaze. “It
Steve reared back, eyes wide and mouth agape, as though he’d been slapped. “Tony, please,” he entreated, reaching for him in a way that almost seemed desperate.
Rising to his feet, Tony lengthened his body, and glowered fiercely at both Pietro and Wanda as he prepared for their next move.
In his chair, with the ornate arms that rose on both sides and a back that was tall with carvings, Steve liked to imagine himself on the
So, they began to break him down some more, chipping away his willpower, hammering away at his resolve. They were careful not to cause permanent injuries. They needed his mind and his body to make that missile.
All he had to do was run.
“Hey Tones, where you been, man?” he said, pulling Tony inside.
“I’m sorry,” Bruce offered. “We thought it would work.”
Tony bit his lip. “You can’t. It’s not the eggs. It’s the shock, the change in temperature that’s-” he broke off when he noticed the look on the older man’s face.
“Indeed,” Strange said. “It is the only story that accounts for the dragonstones in our universe.” With a clap of his hands, the sorcerer brought forward the images of six different-coloured crystals, positioning them directly over the flower vase. They lighted up as they were named: the bloodstone, mindstone, fangstone, scalestone, iristone and the heartstone. “For centuries, many have tried to collect the stones, be it for noble reasons or personal gain, but no being has come close to wielding the powers of Rex, except for maybe Thanos himself.”
As you can see, I am not dead.
Sometimes, he got the faces mixed up, with the features and colouring being so similar that Tony wondered if there was any difference at all.
“Why are we stopping?” Steve demanded, when Tony’s feet made contact with the dry moss. “The fight is not over. We’ve got to get back out there. The team needs us,” he said, as he looked worriedly at their team, who were still battling the smaller dragons in the air.
Steve used to dream of marrying for love, like his own parents had. But people couldn’t always have what they wanted, not when the fate of the universe lay in their hands, not when war was at their shores. As far as political matches went, Steve thought he'd truly struck gold.
Steve nodded. “I know who you are.”
“No, Tony,” Steve said, his voice firm. “You will not be our first line of defence.”
“If the emperor is after the heartstone, I don’t have it,” Tony told him. “I saw it once. Then he-who-shall-not-be-named hit me with a fireball. Don’t remember much after that,” he said.
“Uh- What do we do now, Cap?” he asked, feeling breathless with a new wave of enemies closing in.
Once Peter returned, they scrambled into their planned positions to hold Thanos down. Peter’s tail was wound tightly around Thanos’ thick hindlegs, with Tony’s teeth in one arm and Rhodey’s in the other. Strange was in the air, magic cloak billowing behind him as the Crimson Bands of Cyttorak circled the tyrant’s purple wings.
They knew their teams. They knew their missions. For most of them, it was to get the people and get them out, preferably deep into the Fangthorn Forest, where they would be safe. And while all that was happening, Tony’s team would find Thanos and bring an end to his cruel reign.
Steve led the thirsting horses to a brook, where he also filled a wooden canteen with cold, fresh water and offered some to Tony, who was busy making himself comfortable under a blooming tree.
helicarriers would scratch those people, anyone deemed a threat to world safety, off the list, a few million at a time. It was baffling. Didn’t the punishment come after the crime?
Tony’s eyes nearly bulged right out of his head. “Two hundred years. What’s
. Steve nailed the landing, shielding an elderly man from Loki’s sceptre. It's a perfect ten.
Obsidian howled as he flapped his wings in pain, but it only fanned the flames. Unable to move his wings freely, he spun wildly into a gold, sparkly circle of the sorcerer’s doing, which closed on his tail and sent the clubbed appendage hurtling towards the ground.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony found himself smiling weakly. “Then, stay,” he said, “Tesaurimea – my treasure. It’s always been you.”
As he waved back at Steve, the light fell on the stones on his finger. He realised that happiness, true happiness had always been in his hands. He’d found himself and his family. He had built them a home. And that joy, that effervescent bubbling in his heart, it was real.
"And I got married," he added, when he was able to speak again. To a man who’s sweet and kind and patient. And it was nothing I expected and everything I wanted. And I love and hate it at the same time. I mean I don’t hate it. I’m happy. I am," he clarified, after a moment's pause. "But also terrified. That it's all a dream. Like I might wake up to find that none of this is real. Or that
Wanda stumbled backward into her brother’s arms. A soft cry of anguish escaped her lips as her knees hit the marble, with Pietro still holding her, glaring daggers at Tony. Wanda took his hand and pressed it to her forehead to show him what she’d learnt.
“Maybe I should what?”
Tony breathed life into a candle and held it up to illuminate the tall shelves stocked with old leather-bound volumes. The musty place smelled like a library should, but standing out from the heavy scents of smoke, earth and wood was one that belonged to Steve. Nostrils flaring, Tony followed that scent and found it thickest near the shelves housing the Valorian collection on Children’s Literature.
“Come on, Cap. We need all the help we can get,” Natasha finished, appealing to Steve's practical side.
“Like a king,” he assured him, as he squeezed Steve’s hand.
His mind circled back to a verse he’d read, two years ago, perhaps on one of the darkest nights of his life.
“It is,” Steve agreed. “It’s blinding - this darkness that follows in the wake of such brilliance. Every beat of the heart hurts, each breath aches with longing. But I’d do it again. My only regret is that – I never told him,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut as if in pain.
“Father died with honour and glory. For Valoria.”
Steve said he wanted to court him. But that had been weeks ago. He could have changed his mind. Maybe Tony wasn’t quite what he looked for in a mate. Being nice to Tony was just Steve’s way of keeping his distance. If Tony was busy, he wouldn’t bother him too much.
Ruefully, Steve shook his head. “He only got as far as the Wanderer’s Woods, where he was stopped in his tracks by a will-o-the-wisp.”
Once the female had made her escape, the male followed, and both of them vanished from their sight. Tony kept his eyes ahead and his wits about him, ready to fend off an attack at any time, even though they appeared to have ceased.
At first, Tony was relieved to be alone. He didn’t have to keep himself together or pretend he was fine. He could cry whenever he wanted or lie in bed all day. No one to ask if he was okay or nag him about eating “real food, not pop-tarts”. But as the days went by, he began to miss Steve. Without him, the house just seemed a little too large, a little too quiet.
Tony scanned the audience, mostly the media with their pens, notepads and cameras at the ready. He took a quick glance at the cue cards he’d prepared.
Lightning flashed, thunder followed and when the dust settled, the Asgardians were standing inside a circle of runes that had magically appeared on the dead grass.
If his skin hadn’t been covered in scales, goosebumps would surely have formed. “Wow. Okay,” Tony said, trying not to shudder. “While I appreciate the thought of you pining after me, I have to ask. What do you want?”
“Hulk?”
Steve moved to the centre of the great hall, where a statue of Rex stood. The statue marked the nerve centre of dragon ley lines, which were the veins of magic running through the earth. And ever since Strange had taken up residence in the temple, its comfortable rooms and open training grounds had become a gathering point and sanctuary for magical beings.
Tony looked up to find two pairs of eyes looking worriedly at him. They looked good together, with their movements perfectly in sync with each other's.  Briefly, Tony wondered why he was even there.
“Is that what happened there?” Tony asked, pointing to a bare patch of grass with a single sapling growing on it.
. There was also a drameleon, one of those elusive colour-changing, shape-shifting dragons who were either extinct or thriving, depending on whom you asked. The last of the dragons was the least distinctive. Yet, something about the arch of its back and the graceful drop of its tail made it impossible to look away from.
“Come home with me,” Steve asked, gently brushing a lock of hair out of his eyes.
Steve seemed a little insecure. And Tony wondered if it had anything to do with the hours and secrets he was keeping, trying to hold down two jobs and a husband all at once.
“Phase II is SHIELD using the cube to make weapons,” he said. “Sorry, Tony, the computer was a little slow for me.”
All lives were precious – in war and peace, because behind each person who called Valoria home were parents, spouses and children too.
“He just might,” Natasha warned, as she joined the group. “It’ll only be like the time he took Tony’s suit.”
They were quirky and goofy and could only be the work of one person he knew. Tony laughed, finally recognising who Ana’s mysterious client was.
Tony was in the workshop when Steve came in wearing a grave expression, insisting that he sit down.
Tony held on to his elbow. “It’s okay, Steve. I know what I’m doing,” he lied. “Everything is going to work out. You just have to trust me.”
Fury was busy composing a text message and his grim expression told Tony he was not to be disturbed. So, Tony continued reading on his own.
“The ones of you that Tony commis -”
Tony looked at him in surprise, and his eyes widened to show the little flecks of gold in them. “Hay!” he exclaimed, before going back to counting numbers off his fingers. “Two hundred bales. That should do the trick.”
Tony stiffened in response to the volley of accusations. It was all or nothing. “And, so what if I did?” he demanded, standing his ground, putting his fists and all of his cards on the table.
It lighted up. The panel above it lighted up soon after, then the next, one by one. Right before the last panel could light up and complete the cursor-like image, Steve broke the nearest window to them with his shield.
And Steve was the one of the most extraordinary people he’d ever known.
Tony took a deep breath and felt the heat swirling in his chest. “And this – is peace – in
He downed the beverage and said, “I like this one.” That pushed Tony to refill his cup promptly before the Asgardian could smash it and ask for another.
“What plan? I was just winging it!” Peter shouted.
Tony flew around the side of the ship, desperate to beat Steve back to the room. He powered down and stripped. Then burst out of his room to go to thes other one. The door flew outwards, and a very distressed captain came bounding out.
Then, he hurried into the elevator and disappeared out of sight.
“I can help,” Tony said, and remembered that a dragon’s saliva could heal wounds. Picking up Steve’s arm with one of his forelimbs, he studied it closely before turning his gaze back to Steve. “I’m going to heal you. Is that all right?” he asked.
Then, he turned to Tony, looking at him in a mixture of pride and awe.
The captain cleared his throat. “I hope the house is okay. I haven’t had much time to work on it, with the wedding taking place so quickly. And I thought you might want to see to the decorating yourself.”
He jogged toward the crazed man, accelerating in his approach. Killian matched his speed and swung his fist back as if to strike, but the omega slipped deftly between his legs. Killian pulled himself back, just before sliding off the edge of the roof. He turned back around to face Tony, who had flicked his face plate up.
Tony barely even glanced at it. He shook his head, and held on to Steve’s hand. “I don’t want to go.”
,” he said, recalling the recent spate of attacks on humanity. “Don’t trust anyone. And please remember that nothing you find can ever bring them back.”
In the corner of the room, Bruce and Strange were huddled over the calcinator, and Strange was using his magic to extract the antidote from Steve’s blood. As he distilled the clear solution into a glass bottle, Lord Strange muttered an incantation, which caused the potion to bubble and turn a shimmering white, before he vanished inside a portal.
Having spent almost all their waking moments soaring the skies as they practised every manoeuvre they could think of, Tony had come to memorise each shift of his rider’s body – when he would launch his shield and where would catch it.
was what he wanted to say, and he did type the words before quickly deleting them. Because it was how he felt. He was sorry. And he hated himself for it.
“I will look into that once my decryption program finishes breaking into SHIELD’s secure files,” Tony assured him. “In a few hours, we’ll know every secret SHIELD has tried to hide.”
“Like Kevin in
“Ready to go?” Steve asked.
Steve shrugged. “It’s my duty,” he said, “but this is not your fight.”
“Wait, just wait a minute,” he said, as he leaned over to get a better look at his husband, who clearly wasn’t talking about the destruction of precious metals and dragonstones. “Steve, sweetheart, just what are you talking about?”
“That it might be, but all legends ring with truth. The Infinity Spell was last used a hundred thousand years ago. It’s no wonder that it has begun to fade from our stories,” Pietro said, and went on to tell of the goddess Azura and how she’d used the Infinity Spell to prevent a world-ending solar storm.
The man on the bridge. The metal-armed assassin.
Steve had guarded the heartstone for years, and for Tony, he’d gladly do so for many more, but going by the looks of encouragement his friends were giving him from across the bed, it was time to let it go.
It had stopped raining by then, but Steve wouldn’t have cared either way. He ran out of the bedroom and out of the door, speeding past the cottages and out the South Gate into the garden.
“I wonder – what happened to that precious little boy,” Tony said, and looked up at him with what looked dangerously close to fondness.
“I had a glass,” Steve confessed, and allowed Tony to take his arm and lead him to a bench.
“Did he find it?” Tony prompted and Steve nodded, finding it painfully endearing how Tony always acted like it was his first time hearing the story.
Bucky looked bashful, and wiped his face with his sleeve as he came clean to her. “Tears of joy. You know I hate fighting. Alone.”
“Did it just save Tony?” Steve asked.
Thanks for reading! :D
Obie turned to his left, and drew their attention to a lizard-like beast, who was covered in scales of highly-reflective chrome. “This is Prince Ivan of Anguisia,” Obie said, introducing the first of them.
Tony leaned closer. “Something’s bothering you,” he decided, as he rubbed his snout into Steve’s shoulder and took a deep whiff.
The Howling Commandos remained at their posts, and patrolled the eastern coast vigilantly as they watched for enemy movement. With Sam’s birds flying over the Jewelled Sea multiple times a day, Rhodey and Peter had elected to monitor the southern coast, which left Tony with the west.
He strode onto the stage, to the sounds of applause and the lights of camera flashes. “And now, Mr Stark has prepared a statement,” Phil said, welcoming him to the lectern.
The propulsor boots had improved flight functions and stabilisers. His repulsors, micro-missiles, shoulder-mounted guns would neutralise threats. And for emergencies, there was the unibeam. The new armour, made of gold-titanium, was light but durable and would shield him from the threats of the world.
Finally, the assassin turned to face his targets without his mask for the first time. The room went silent, everyone eager to catch a glimpse of the mysterious attacker’s face.
The team stayed quiet, leaving Steve to negotiate.
“Steve!” Tony roared. His heart stopped while he watched a fearless Steve making the harrowing trip toward his shoulders, almost falling several times as he balanced precariously on the ridge of the dragon’s back.
Thank you so much for reading and making it so far into the story! Love you all lots! Hugs!
. At that moment, all he wanted was to see Steve again, safe and sound.
“Still counts,” he said. “I disarmed you.”
Moments later, they were dressed in the technicians’ outfits (AIM T-shirts and lab coats), which were frankly quite comfortable. Tony slipped his ginormous backpack inside the trolley. Then, they breezed through the building in their disguises, finally saying their goodbyes at the lift lobby.
“But before the flames could touch our young hero, a visiting prince appeared from his right and leapt in front of him to deflect the flames with his father’s shield.”
? Even the
Steve’s heavy sigh was lost in the din of busy attendants hurrying past them with serving trays and plates, and anything he tried to say after that was drowned out by the blare of the ceremonial horn.
“Welcome home, sweetie,” Ana said, drawing him into her perfumed arms.
Honestly, I can so relate to Tony and his secret identity because I feel like I'm having one myself, terrified of being discovered out of bed, typing away at my laptop in the middle of the night. Is anyone going through the same thing?  Please share because I desperately need to feel like I'm not alone. :D
It was a busy time for the stonekeepers as they assisted the allied kingdoms in wiping out the last traces of Thanos from their lands. Yet, each afternoon, they arrived at Steve and Tony’s cottage without fail, often bloodied and bruised from battling tyrant scum, to monitor Tony’s condition and discuss the next steps for his recovery.
“Sorry, I’m lost,” Bruce cut in. “What did Cap do?”
“I really wish you hadn’t kept me in the dark,” Steve said. “But then again, I guess I should have known. You and the dragon. Tyranaksthon and you. How could I have been so blind?”
“We figured you were in the desert. Took us a while to identify the right one. Then we learnt about the explosion. So, we circled the area around it. And then, I found you.”
Tony thought that would be the end of the ancient dragon, but the stubborn old thing proved to have a few tricks up his sleeve and waiting in the wings, in the form of sharp spikes that sprouted from the top of his head all the way down his back.
Circling the trunk, all that Tony could find were long, deep scratches around its bark that had been left behind by a long line of disappointed gem hunters. Tony let out a sigh, which contributed to the air of dismay.
Wow. From the amount of shouting in the comments section (seriously I feel like imma get a heart attack each time I open my inbox), I think I need to warn everyone that this is not a happy chapter. It’s super angsty. Like really really angsty. And y’all gonna hate Steve for a while but hopefully he can redeem himself soon (ish).
“He’s right here,” the dragon said, gesturing vaguely around them.
In the middle of summer.
“It’s so hard - watching the love of your life in pain and wasting away, without being able to do a thing to stop it. They don’t know how it feels!”
in the corner of his screen.
Things were coming together and falling apart. So, grabbing Bucky with his left arm and the barely-conscious Steve with his right, he flew them out of the helicarrier as it shattered to bits.
“Then. Show. Me.”
“And what if I don’t want to? What if I want you to take care of me?”
That didn’t mean it didn’t hurt. Everything hurt. And he had to find ways to cope with the pain.
Steve remembered it all too clearly himself – how Tony had placed the gemstone in his hand and told him to keep it, and when Steve had tried to give it back, insisting that he was just a nobody, Tony had thrusted Howard’s shield into his small, clammy hands and told him –
And there it was, the apology, out in the open. It looked promising. No accompanying
“If you do this, none of your pasts are going to remain hidden,” Pierce told them, before focusing on Tony. “Mr. Stark, are you sure you’re ready for the world to see you as you really are?”
When the dust settled, it revealed Thor and Loki standing inside a circle of berserker corpses.
Steve smiled. “All right, listen up. Keep the tentacles off the ship. Clint, I want you on the main mast. Call out patterns and strays. Tony, go with him. The rest form two lines facing out. Any of these arms come to the surface, shoot or punch them. Arrows and spears. And fists. No blades,” he said.
“Homo Sapiens,” Thanos scoffed, and his frightful features twisted in a cruel sneer. “You were made to be ruled, and in the end, you will always kneel.”
. It was their favourite phrase now.
“Stephen Strange!” the man with the winged helmet thundered, as his golden locks and red cape billowed behind him in the winds.
“Well, I’m asking you to marry me. Nothing is ever going be okay. But if we work on it, and I'm prepared to work very hard, we might someday find that we've got ourselves something good. I know I need you. I do a lot of dangerous work, Steve. What if I start a fire in my lab? I will need my personal hero to help me out!”
The drameleon looked at him excitedly, gently brushing a forelimb against Tony’s wings. “Your wings are made of dragonsilk. That would explain the rigidity-flexibility ratio, which gotta say, that’s awesome, man.”
“And how are we supposed to do that?” Clint countered.
“Thank you,” he said instead. "I thought - I thought you were going to end this. I thought it was going to be my last time talking to you."
. If only Steve knew how afraid he'd been of losing him. It was all his fault. If only he’d been honest right from the start, they wouldn’t have had those misunderstandings. He could have spared them both from this heartbreak.
Tony couldn’t wait to start.
“A good moment for what?” he asked, flummoxed.
“No more false faces, Tony. You want the Mandarin? You’re looking right at him. It was always me. Right from the start. I am the Mandarin!” Killian roared as he towered over Tony in an attempt to scare him back.
“Yes, be safe. I don’t have anyone but you.”
“We had a good run,” Steve slowly said. “We worked well together. And I think we got along.  I will miss you when you leave.”
“And you have,” Steve reminded him. “So, you can go back and tell them how you’ve done that – and managed to save the day too.”
It looked like the only way to see more of his dear husband was to get involved in dragon training himself, and it probably was a good thing that he was getting used to their presence in Shieldberg. He saw the dragons often enough, practising formations by the beach, strangely with Tony nowhere in sight. And while Steve resented their monopoly on Tony’s time and attention, watching their graceful manoeuvres had soon become the highlight of his day.
“Our?” Thanos echoed, and Rhodey dropped in from above them, taking advantage of the emperor’s surprise to leave a number of long, deep slashes down his purple back.
Steve couldn't help but smile as he recalled his own excitement when meeting Redwing for the first time.
Steve jerked away, and his lips connected with the swell of the prince’s cheek. Gold eyes flew open as Prince Anthony touched the side of his face as his lips spread into a smile. His large, expressive eyes crinkled up and he threw his head back in a laugh.
“Tony, I know you didn’t mean to break it,” he said.
Obie closed his eyes to concentrate on his transformation. It began with the black scales, which shrank in size, turning brown then olive, as it began to resemble human skin.
“Tony grimaced as he thought of the thorns. "We must be thinking of different flowers," he said. “Where are we going?” Tony sputtered in surprise, as Steve took his wrist and led him toward the door.
“Yeah,” Clint agreed, feigning disgust despite the broad grin on his face. “Public displays of affection make people very uncomfortable.”
hid far behind, cleverly out of sight.
Steve’s smile got impossibly wider. “I know,” he said.
“It’s tragic, is what it is,” Tony murmured, and his heart began to ache, when he thought of all the time they’d lost.
“You’re not wrong,” Steve said, softly. “It’s just - I wanted to wait.”
“Sometimes, you have to run before you can walk. 3, 2, 1… Let’s fly!”
Tony suspected an issue with the motor connected to the drive belt so he took the turntable apart to confirm that. After removing debris from the motor and replacing the belt, which he'd picked up on the last shopping trip, he cleaned the other components with a rag and some rubbing alcohol. But in his excitement to reassemble the device, he dropped the stylus, which snapped at a weak point upon contact with the ground.
“Oh.”
Steve, however, didn't share his sentiments.
His parents believed that the will-o-the-wisps led one to their destiny – be it treasure or doom. Enticed by this, his younger self had chased after the elusive orbs that night all those years ago, and just as the legend promised, the mystical lights had led Tony to his treasure, right in front of the heartewoode tree.
Still, he continued to resist. Tony filled his head with stray thoughts of golden hair, dazzling blue eyes, velvety soft lips and fair skin that blushed most prettily when the right words were said.
“You might as well make your move,” Sam said. “Now that someone is volunteering to take Steve off our hands.”
“And burger patties, pepperoni, doughnut - ”
Bruce nodded. “Now, the extraction. You know how it is. It shouldn’t hurt – not as much,” he said.
“I met them all, you know? Your robots. Before I even met you. I was at your house. You weren’t home. Your mom- She offered me a slice of your apple pie. Said it was your homework for a baking module. It was perfect. The kind of perfect that could only be made by a machine, a robot. DUM-A, I think.”
I’d love to hear what you think anyway. I might tweak the apologies just a bit if you’ve got any suggestions. 😊
Guilt weighed heavily on Tony’s chest. Instead of nurturing the love blossoming between them, Tony had allowed the weeds to creep up and choke out the light. And then, he'd uprooted himself, thus Steve to suffer all alone.
“That it would be, but Thanos already has an iristone of his own, so he will not be seeking this out. Besides, you are the chosen one. The stones are drawn to one another. Each stone you add to your collection increases your chances of finding the next. Have you not yet realised how quickly they’ve been turning up in recent weeks?”
“You keep telling yourself that,” Tony said. “Father was right about you. You’re insane. And that makes you dangerous.”
Tony shrugged. “Whatever it is you always do. Kicking names, taking ass.”
It would have been the right thing to do five minutes before, but not now. Not when the city was about to be turned to dust.
, he could have written a hundred things he despised about the man. But now, he could only remember one.
Thanos followed him out onto the withered moss. “I’ve moved beyond that. With all the humans gone,” he said in a voice that rumbled with satisfaction, “there will be no wars. This is how it ends, Tyranaksthon. This is peace in my time.”
“Hey, remember when Luke and Han went into the
,” he resisted, although his eyes were growing wider with each step that Steve was taking towards him.
“Running away? From you? Now, why would I do that?” he asked, with a twinkle in his eye. “But did you just leave our people behind just to come after me? Because that seems terribly, terribly irresponsible.”
“You should keep it,” Steve said, and ran his thumb over the glowing gem to show it caused no harm. “It looks like magic. Maybe Strange could have a look and advise us on a cure.”
Apprehensive fingers moved towards the unit. “Okay. I got it. I got it.”
“The Tom Ford?”
“Steve-” he said before he allowed himself to fall.
An instrument so elegant and precise, marrying Tony’s love of physics with Steve’s love of design. Steve, who spent days studying his copy of
She never had the time to grieve, to mourn her loss. She might have, in private, but in front of Steve, she was always brave and wise and calm.
(See the end of the chapter for
He turned towards his husband and circled his arms around his neck, his arc reactor fitting nicely between Steve's shoulder blades. And it felt like all their parts, made exactly right for each other, were falling into place with the most satisfying of clicks.
Thanos chuckled. “It’s curious – how they’ve only scratched the surface and not looked within.”
Tony stiffened at that, and fixed a look of rage on the pyromancer, who was sentenced to death for unspeakable crimes against the crown. “You look pretty spry for a dead guy.”
“It’s you,” he said, remembering the terrified child he’d shielded from Thanos’ fire what felt like a lifetime ago.
for the picture of our boys in flight! It is based on the original picture by Kanemitsu.
“I’m sorry,” Steve told him, still wheezing with laughter, when Tony returned to the car with a couple of chocolate milkshakes to wash the taste down. “You don’t have to eat the rest. I know how bad my baking is. If I’d known I was actually going to like you, I’d have asked my mom for help,” he said, while dabbing the tears from his eyes.
What was wrong with him? One night of being married and already he was turning into a happy housewife.
Under the shade of a leafy, green tree, Tony watched as Steve pottered around the garden and filled a basket with berries, which he rinsed and offered to him. Tony was more than a little touched to see the humble Armestrian blueberry in the mix.
He grasped at the sand and watched helplessly as fistfuls slipped between his fingers like the grains in an hourglass, a grim reminder of what was running out.
“Someday, someday, I’ll get that arm,” Steve threatened.
Tony didn’t agree. It was curious though. Eggs didn’t normally do that, unless - “Uh, J, were they from the icebox?”
Tony unzipped his bag, grateful to Jarvis for taking care of the packing while he moped all week. He made quick work of hanging up his band T-shirts and jeans. The butler had also packed his personal mementos and Tony swallowed a painful lump as he spotted his class ring among his possessions.
Each drop that fell on her lifeless body appeared to wash some of the ash from her skin. The grey lightened, then lightened some more, until it resembled skin - her skin, but brighter, glowing from the inside out, like her body was bound in magic.
Tony strained his ears, but was barely able to make out the conversation.
As they streaked to their destination across the evening sky, Tony thought of a lone star, drifting through the universe before finding its twin and the rest of their cluster. Some called it a galaxy. He, however, called it a family.
“Then,” she said, “You need to plant yourself like a tree, look him in the eye and tell him to make his move.”
In the room’s darkness, Steve could see the dragonstones glowing from the bed, and it surrounded Tony with beams of red, yellow, green, blue, and –
Then, without so much as a pause, their benefactor turned to the firefighters gathering round, and began shouting over the roaring flames. “There are people on the upper floors, a cat in 5C, an elderly couple on the fourth and at least two others trapped on the third.”
“Tony, don’t,” Steve said, as his blue eyes shone with something Tony couldn’t quite make out.
Bucky shot the other knight a glare. “Hey, look at me,” he said as he cupped Steve's cheek. “You’re the youngest king in the history of our kingdom, the first to be elected by unanimous vote. That has to mean something. It means - you’re special.”
It hurt. His heart ached in all the worst possible ways, for him to learn that Steve was rejecting him like this. He couldn’t even tell Tony himself, choosing to go through the director.
lift his spirits.
“Zola. The whole unit was captured in 1943. They experimented. Whatever they did helped him survive the fall. They must have found him and -,” Steve sighed, unable to continue, stricken with guilt as he imagined the horrors that his friend had lived through, while the world spun on and thought him dead.
They’d go to the park each weekend with picnic baskets of cheeseburgers and pizzas. Steve would teach them to play frisbee. Tony would show them how to make their own kites. Or remote-controlled aircraft. Or drones. They’d zip around on personalised bicycles. They could even get a dog. Or three.
Noting his weakened state, Bruce offered him a small glass containing a concoction of boosters, which included a few precious drops of dragontears. “Here,” he said. “This will help you feel better.”
The dragon tossed it into his large mouth, making an almost-obscene sound of pleasure and gulped it down.  “Good snack,” he said, as he eyed the rest of his basket with hungry intent.
“Brucie-bear, how's your flight?” Tony asked, relieved to see his favourite scientist in one piece.
“By starting a war.”
“Tony?”
, Bucky scaled the beast, and climbed onto his shoulders, swinging his sword at the left, right and top of his head. Furious, the troll grabbed Bucky’s sword by the blade and flung it to the ground.
A huge wave of fire belched from its riven summit as soon as they were in the skies, which roared with thunder. Lightning tore the clouds asunder, and unleashed a mass of rainbow lights. Enthralled, Tony and Steve streaked across the night sky, which glowed brightly for a couple of minutes, before the lights went out.
“Too much turbulence. Rough landing.”
“I’d like to open a new project file. Index as Mark II.”
"I thought I was protecting you. But I can see now - that I was just protecting myself. I wasn’t strong enough - to come to terms with what you've been through. And I let you down. I'm sorry.”
“Metal Man is the warrior Migard needs,” Thor proclaimed.
We’ve just got one final chapter to go now! I can’t believe it! I wanted to aim to have it done in three weeks but am not in a great place right now in real life, so am going to need a wee bit more time than that. The last thing I want to do is to rush things. I really want to give this story a satisfactory close. Thank you for your patience! 😛
“And you?” Tony asked.
As it passed overhead, Clint drew his bow, eyeing the dragon warily.
“Ten minutes,” Steve said, looking increasingly uneasy by the second. “Oh God. What are we going to do for ten minutes?”
“Hell, no,” Rhodey declared. “Honestly, right now, I just want to kick his ass.”
home?
Rhodey complied instantly, in a show of complete trust. Then, lasers beamed out of Tony’s suit, as he swung around in an arc, terminating the drones (and a lamp post) in what felt like a long second.
After placing all the stones on the back of the shield, Steve released his beloved weapon, which descended gracefully into the raging abyss, carrying all the stones with it. Plunging after them was the sword,
His heart sank at the idea that Steve and Nat could be lying in some ditch, bleeding to death. Dread pooled at the pit of his belly as he recalled the last things he’d said to Steve –
“Nope,” Steve said. He pulled the prince toward him and inspected his face and body under the moonlight. Much to his relief, the young prince was miraculously unscathed.
“Fine,” Steve huffed, and stuck his hand out crossly, when he realised that Tony had no intention of backing off.
The undergrowth was dense, but there were wide enough spaces between the trees for easy passage. With his scales providing superior protection against wildlife and the elements, Tony chose to stay in his dragon form.
“You’re sure then?”
“That? Destroy it. Incinerate it.”
He forced his eyes to stay open as the wind blew on, causing the letters to move, again, and again, and again.
And just in time too.
“I - fondly remember - fondling - the fondue,” his friend said.
“Tony, our home- it's -,” he hesitated. “We have to move. We can stay at the tower.”
deck, which allowed a gleeful Tony to climb off and race toward them.
Tony blinked as he processed the sunlight filtering through the window shades. Caught in a haze of emotions and very uncomfortable physical responses, he’d barely slept.
Alone in the house once more, Tony unpacked his belongings, finding room for his personal effects, with the exception of a large chest that just wouldn’t fit anywhere but in the space under his bed.
It hadn’t been a dream.
Tony’s face lit up each time he made a point in his fiery speech about obsidian’s effects against the armoured scales. If Steve could just reach over and touch him, he knew, for a fact, that his skin would be warm.
“Funny things are.”
Tony lowered his head and laved gently at the wound. It took a while for Steve to relax, for the tension to flow out of his shoulders and his back. At one point, he closed his eyes and even allowed a soft purr to escape. Without needing to look, Tony could feel the wound shrinking as new tissue formed.
“What do you mean? Which one?” Tony asked, desperate for answers but he was already gone, leaving him in the empty conference room with nothing but the papers in his hands.
Steve let out a bitter laugh. “Oh, trust
Tony staggered from the impact, and tried to steady himself as panicked screams swirled around him. Summoning whatever remained of his strength, he channelled his power into a steady jet of the hottest fire and directed it all to the middle of Thanos’ chest.
Tony opened his mouth and closed it. He ought to tell Steve. Everything. From the day he’d been cursed leading up to right then. But Steve looked shaken and traumatised. And it had been a long day. He was going to wait for a better time.
“A little ostentatious, don’t you think?” he asked, in an uncharacteristic display of false-modesty.
“He’s a ghost story. Every lead we’ve followed has led to a dead end.”
. And the casual way it rolled off her tongue left a bitter taste in his mouth.
The sun had long set, and it left Steve hugging his knees and shivering in spring’s chill. A fire was kindled but its dancing flames did nothing to cheer or warm him up. Completely numb, he couldn’t move. He could only exist in all this pain, and endure the frost that had taken hold of his heart and turned the blood in his veins to ice.
“Well done,” Obie said, as he charged at Tony and knocked him sideways, which forced Tony to beat down hard with his wings to regain his balance.
“How odd. Do you listen to what people tell you now? Because your father said
The Harvest Festival had been a spectacular success, and Tony’s Aunt May won a ribbon for the largest pumpkin, which she celebrated by making a pie so enormous it managed to feed the entire city.
“We need Tony to stop Thanos,” Steve argued. “If we don’t save him, a lot of people are going to die. One life cannot stand in the way of Thanos’ defeat.”
, Tony just wanted him to stop hurting and pull himself together.
“Ha-BEAST-a-DINO,” Obie corrected. “It’s metaphorical!”
“Nah. I wouldn’t know what to say.”
“They’re dragons! Their backs are all armour. Aim for their bellies!” Nat shouted, and demonstrated what she meant with a swift jab to the underside of a serpent’s neck. “Get them to look up.”
“Um - Saving your perfect ass?”
He read the long list of names. It didn’t take long to find his, along with those of the Avengers. They were right at the top. Scrolling down, he found a lot more, some he recognised and others he did not.
Not once did he lose sight of his side-mission. “How about the nurse that lives across the hall?” Tony suggested. “She seems kind of nice.”
“You kept the heartstone.”
“Oh, thank the gods,” Sam said. “Because if you talk shit about our best friend again, king or not, we’re going to smite you.”
A horn sounded in the distance and the ground began to shake. Blades of grass trembled under the hooves of enemy horses – and it was all the warning they needed.
“It’s a scratch,” Steve murmured.
, he almost added.
Tony shot off after the dracavenome, and his blood boiled with the realisation that those slashes had missed Steve by what felt like a thumb.
The beast looked dazed, slumped on the deck, so Tony moved in as he carefully shielded his eyes with the blade of his sword. “Tony, no,” Steve whispered, as he held him back.
Steve took a step back, and clamped a hand over his mouth to maintain some semblance of dignity, desperately blinking back the tears of relief gathering in his traitorous eyes.
“That’s all?” he challenged when he felt the older man pulling away.
“I don’t need an answer right away,” Tony forced himself to say. “Although we do need to set aside time to apply for a marriage license and file the papers somewhere. I’m just expressing a desire to court you, formally, with the intention of marriage. It doesn’t even have to be right now, but sometime soon – preferably within the next three months – or month – or week. But for now, just courting. I want to take you dancing and to the theatre and all of the shops.”
“Guys! Get him to open his mouth. I know just what to do!” Tony shouted, as he srambled toward the monster.
Tony let out a derisive snort. “About what? Prostitution? Of course, not. You’re
“I’m not alone.”
“Because, then, he would have told me,” Steve said.
“Like Henry Horrendous Haddock III at the end of
“I was going to, but at first, you were afraid and then you said you knew – all about me and the dragon.”
bulwark burst into flames.
“You, what?” Bucky growled, outraged, before he smacking Steve at the back of his head, thankfully with his flesh hand.
“But the drawings,” Tony said, remembering the illustration of the titular hero, Thor, besting the serpent by tricking him into swallowing its tail. It reminded him of what Peter could do with his tail, stretching it infinitely —
He was beautiful.
, claiming that
“Then, I will,” Natasha said, raising her voice in a challenge. “What? You don’t trust me?” she asked when she saw Steve shaking his head, obviously still displeased about her side-mission on the
When the music stopped, Steve rolled over, engaging the assassin in a different sort of deadly dance, which Tony watched with a white-knuckled grip on the edge of his seat.
His white pawn reached the eighth rank, and Tony promoted it to a queen, prompting a quick exchange of glances between his opponent and his wife. It’s a blunder. One that someone like him shouldn’t have made.
There were suggestions for castle upgrades and lengthy debates over the allocation of bedrooms. Tony was volunteering to supervise the building of a new garden and Peter was promising to help, between planned fishing trips to Lake Crystallo and rafting expeditions along the Rauros Falls.
“Yes,” Tony agreed, and looked resolutely at the emperor as power surged in his veins. “But I am Tyranaksthon,” he said, and brought his palms together.
"Yes."
“I can do this all day. I can do this all by myself,” he gasped, clearly out of breath.
Tony scrambled out of the way, as he narrowly avoided a jet of fire from Obie’s palm, before ducking under a fireball to stab the shifter in his chest.
The next morning, Tony woke up drenched in perspiration. His pyjamas, his sheets, were soaked.
“Yeah, always thought you were going to be a regular pretty
It wasn’t very long before he noticed how quiet it was. Not quiet quiet, but
Jarvis kept a lid on the pot, before turning to face him. “I’m going to need you to elaborate,” he said, with a raised eyebrow.
“On a scale of Mushu to the Midgard Serpent, how mad is he?” Tony asked.
And Tony was on one.
“Cap, we gotta close the portal.”
“The better to hold you with, my dear?” Steve replied, bewildered and amused.
If ever one was lost in the middle of a fight, Steve, with his perfectly-aligned moral compass, was the one they all should look to. He was the needle pointing north, a beacon in a fog, the stars in the night. Not a perfect warrior, but a good man – unwaveringly bright in spite of the darkness.
A sad smile sat on the king’s lips. “I love him,” he said, and when he opened his eyes, welling up with sentiment, Tony could see that it was the truth.
Unfazed, the Black Order split up, and Obsidian rose above Tony and Steve to escape the blast.
“But has you-know-who ever fought the great Tyranaksthon?” Tony asked.
Steve frowned. “That’s not exactly the word I would use.” He closed his eyes, and his features softened. “Is it wrong to love the light? Is it so bad for moths to love the fire? Why, then, do we reach the stars? It’s not a mistake. It’s inevitable.”
“How,” he asked, as he looked pointedly at Thanos’ purple claws, desperately sucking cool air into his lungs while he tried, but failed, to get to his feet. “You’ve only – got four.”
, most alpha alpha to ever alpha. What would you know about prostitution?”
This was as far as Steve could possibly go, but Tony’s journey was just beginning. Fate had brought them close, and their brief time together had brought him the brightest joy.
“I'm not upset, Tony," he said, placing his hand gently on Tony's back. "You were just trying to help. Like you did with my watch and the washing machine.”
From their berths that dotted the West Coast, they’d journeyed down the Valorian Straits, just in time for the battle. Cheers erupted on
Of all people, it had to be Prince Anthony. Over the years, he’d heard so much of the crown prince, and how clever, brave and kind he was. If there was some measure of truth in even half of those tales, he supposed they would get along.
“Unless we destroy the main ship, these guys will keep coming. They’ll find a way to open another portal.”
“I can explain.”
“Let me know when you’re ready,” Tony told him.
A single white star twinkled in the night sky, and its light glinted against the colourless jewels on his fingers. More were to be found in Steve’s satchel, together with whatever dragonbone they could get their hands on. Much of it had once belonged to Thanos, with the rest surrendered willingly by both people and dragons.
Tony did the opposite of that, and headed directly for the quarterdeck, which promptly burst into flames.
“Slowly lift the wire.”
“It’s beautiful,” Tony assured him. “Maybe it’s true what they say about the grass.”
And Steve.
Horrified, Tony raced to the edge, only to fall back in shock as loud shrieks pierced his ears. He stood in Redwing’s shadow and watched the falcon soaring above them, holding the messenger in his talons as broad wings carried them to sea, presumably to fling the man back on his ship.
“It’s not for you,” Steve said, launching himself at Killian.
Obie let out a grunt. “You little prick.”
“He’s inside,” Steve said and the look on his whole face softened into a fond smile.
Steve’s reply was already on his lips, and the practised words rolled smoothly off his tongue. “This is my duty. I’m not going to run from it.”
Fighting the magic controlling his body, Steve struggled to his feet. “Not to monsters like you,” he gritted out from between clenched teeth.
He would try again, and maybe use Bruce's lodestones to create a force field the next time. Steve sighed at the thought of his dear friend missing his wedding, but the royal healer had been looking quite green in the face a few days ago, so he'd stayed behind in Shieldberg while the wedding party departed. It had only been a few days, but already Steve was beginning to miss his calm presence and wise counsel, which he desperately needed at the moment.
Exhausted and lying in a real bed for the first time in days, Steve had fallen asleep fairly quickly and judging from the light in the room, it must have been for hours. Still, he made no move to leave the bed, happy to listen to the cheery voices from across the room, for the most part speaking the common tongue, with a smattering of Armestrian in the mix.
Peter landed on one of the coal-coloured sea stacks, changing the colour of his scales to blend right in. “It’s a stretch,” Peter warned.
“Steve. The accident. My parents. He was behind it.”
Smirking, the alpha kissed him, more confidently this time, swallowing the moans of pleasure escaping his mouth, taking his breath away before giving it right back.
“Stay alive first,” she called out.
Tony huffed. “Dishonest? They willingly gave us their arrows. And trust me, your men—”
And it looked like trouble was already on its way.
Tony sidestepped the approach, rejecting his touch. “You know, Rogers?” he said, the use of his last name expanding the impossibly-wide rift between them. “All my life, I just wanted to be like you. I thought - I thought you were special.”
“What do you expect? I’ve been living my whole life with my eyes closed. What do you think will happen when I can finally see?” she asked, and her eyes glowing red with power as she exhaled, spreading her scarlet wings behind her.
Flying high from the kiss, Steve found himself climbing the bowsprit and making his way to the tip. There, Steve could see its large head bubbling toward the surface. Distracted by the wave of attacks on her tentacles, she didn’t appear to see him.
Rhodey would chill the mugs with blasts of frost, before passing them to Peter, who juggled them effortlessly to the delight of cheering guests.
Steve felt his heart slow to a stop.
The emperor looked down on him with a knowing smile. “And you’re walking away – to protect the people.”
“But, the little guy who built an arc reactor, and a kickass suit, in a cave, with a box of scraps,” he began, squeezing his shoulder lightly. “I’m following him.”
Ferrumarx, with its impressive view of the coast and the seas beyond it, was the perfect place for Tony to watch for signs of invading troops.
The berserkers charged at them in waves, and their large numbers occasionally weakened the shield long enough for a stray warrior to slip through.
Steve’s eyes softened. “You’re all I have too, you know?”
Then Raza in a tank. They went down in a blaze. His unibeam.
With some measure of respect, Thanos studied the king, who was struggling to get to his feet. “They’ve had every opportunity to improve, but there is no room for the weak,” he said.
“I know,” Tony said. “You told me very eloquently – the other day. And it made me so happy I forgot to say it back.” He brought Steve’s hand to his lips and kissed the back of his palm. “My love, I am sorry for keeping secrets. I am sorry for being careless with your feelings, but I will never ever be sorry for loving you. You’re the answer to my prayers, more precious to me than all the riches in the world. I don’t know how I have lived without you for as long as I have, but I can’t possibly spend another moment apart. And now I’ve gone – and made – you cry,” he added, choking up on the words himself as Steve buried his face in his hands.
“That’s what I’m trying to do!” he said, almost shouting. “No, you don’t understand,” he continued, addressing all of them. “Thanos was going to kill me. I shouldn’t be alive, unless it’s for a reason. And I finally know what it is.”
“It’s – It’s just – my asthma,” the man wheezed.
“NOOOOO!” the occupants of the room screamed as the metal-armed menace positioned himself on the roof of yet another unfortunate car, gun aimed at her head.
“You, where were you when all this happened?”
Steve had no idea how long he stood behind the statue, quiet and unmoving until a long talon stretched out in front of his eyes and reached for the medallion.
“They’re men,” Steve said. “All men must die. If they are the valiant warriors we believe them to be, they will be honoured with the greatest of gifts.”
Steve paused in the middle of adjusting the gold-titanium chainmail. “I think so,” he answered, with a weak smile.
Steve frowned. “And how long exactly have you known each other?” he asked, stiffly.
“We want you to build us the Jericho missile.”
And today?
“Oops,” Steve said, releasing him as they made it to the heart of the cave. “And you haven't even seen it yet,” he said, raising his lamp to illuminate the murals on the walls.
And maybe he could work on gear for the rest of the team, since he was depending on them to watch Steve’s six.
“Sometimes,” he said, landing between the rotors. He began to push. The blades spun slowly at first but soon began picking up speed, giving out sparks.
He opened his mouth. Then, closed it again. He wasn’t tongue-tied, nor suffering from stage fright. Talking to large groups of people had never been a problem.
“You got it,” he promised. He could never say
Steve stared him down as his voice turned cold. “You bring the crowns of conquered monarchs to my city. You threaten us with slavery and death. You insult my people,” he said, pausing to look at Nat, then Tony. “Oh, I have chosen my words wisely,” he stressed, as he looked at the Anguisian again. “You should have done the same.”
! Steve, he got me the
“You know, Steve, I’ve never been on the Cyclone. I heard it’s - terrifying,” he choked, finding it harder to breathe, now that he was on top of the world.
In the quiet of the night, he made an alloy of iron-copper-magnesium, fused the plates together, programmed an internal system, which he connected to the suit and the arc reactor.
A fresh wave of berserkers threatened to overwhelm their forces so Tony breathed down fire, and herded the newcomers into a new portal that sent them back to hell.
Tony’s mouth fell open. Whatever did Steve mean?
Violet eyes narrowed in Steve’s face. “Have we met?” he asked, as he moved his fingers to twist Steve’s head from side to side.
He was going for the head, but a blast from the air-conditioning slowed it down, mid-hurtle, such that it hung limply in the air before falling to the ground. Like a dud.
. It included an algorithm for identifying targets - assessing people’s bank records, medical histories, voting patterns, emails, phone calls, even their damned SAT scores, to evaluate their past and predict their future.
Steve laughed and was tempted to kiss his adorable pout. “I can’t lose you,” he admitted, going for his forehead instead.
“Kill me faster? Wow, that really helps me relax,” he grumbled, and realised that as he spoke, the serpent was indeed uncoiling, distracted by the loud noises of Tony striking his blade against his shield.
“Then let me do it for love.”
A choked sound was heard over the communications. And Tony frowned at the wheezing noises that came through. Wasn't Steve done with his asthma?
"Yes, it's me," the dragonet said and Tony would have recognised that grin anywhere.
The words were on the tip of his tongue. Because it was true. He loved Steve, with every ounce of his broken heart.
“That bad, huh?” a soft voice pierced the silence.
Tony felt dizzy, and he was seeing stars, so Steve guided him toward a stump, which brought him back down to earth.
“Look, whoever he used to be, the guy he is now. I don’t think he’s the kind you save. He’s the kind you stop,” Bruce pointed out.
Thank you so much for reading! Please feel free to ask me anything. :D
“Yes,” Tony said, as the band of dragonbone shifted around Tony's finger so the iristone could go on it.
stunning view before the doors swished shut.
Steve blinked away the tears welling behind his smarting eyes. “Yes,” he said around the lump in his burning throat. “Because you’re not going to give him up.”
The end of the ceremony was marked by raucous cheers drowning out the soft chiming of bells. Joyful guests mingled over refreshments as they celebrated the union and the dazzling smile on Anthony's face only faded when the Starks came to say farewell. After accepting their congratulations, Steve excused himself to give them time to say their goodbyes.
Lightning struck outwards in concentric circles, and the berserkers fell in waves. Their bodies lay on the flowering fields, with the wild growing sword-lilies and blades of grass a tribute to the brave fighters who had once battled their hearts out and earned their heavenly rest.
“I love - it,” he breathed.
“I’m not trying to avoid stress,” Bruce explained.
Tony’s passenger continued to show signs of laboured breathing, but the strain on his face seemed to have eased. Tony could only hope that getting him away from the smoke and into the air-conditioned vehicle had staved off a full-blown attack.
“Steve,” he cried, alarmed. “Do you have to be so dramatic? The suit is NOT the only thing I care about.”
But was it so wrong for him to want that? To put a suit of armour around himself? And the world if he could?
“Hold still. I’m not that kind of doctor. Actually, I’m not any kind of doctor at all,” he reminded him before pushing the plunger down.
Clumsy first flights had become a memory of the distant past. Since then, Tony had grown more comfortable in his new body and more confident with his powers. Flying was the one thing that brought him joy, so he kept soaring toward the heavens – higher, farther, faster, till his chest felt tight and his toes tingled from the cold.
He’d make it all better, reinforce his walls, fend off the ghosts of his distant past. It was too bad then. He had made his bed and he was going to have to sleep in it.
It was a month before they were back in the public eye.
He had a quick shower, finger combing his hair so it at least stayed out of his face. Pepper came over with some face powder but he very gently brushed her aside.
Steve watched him, fondly. Then said, "The world as we know it might come to an end and you’re still working on his suits?”
If Tyranaksthon was really in that cave, a dragon like Obie was exactly what it took to wake the sleeping beast.
Steve laughed as his arms tightened around his Tony. “For you, I’ll try my best.”
Tony's blood turned cold. “Put him down,” he asked, quietly.
Or the next day, when they finally made it to Coney Island. The top of the
Steve had leapt from Tony’s back and covered the distance between the two dragons with an impressive somersault, before landing neatly on Glaive’s lower back, his shield on his arm.
because I mean, that’s more me, right? And oh and yay! We’re here,” Tony said drily, as he picked up one of the lanterns they’d left at the entrance.
“Are you?” he asked, turning the question back to Pierce, because Tony, for once, wasn’t the one with something to hide.
Enormous tentacles snaked around the ship’s perimeter and crushed the ice around them into chunks. Ahead of the bow, a bulge broke through the water’s surface. Large eyes stared as a massive beak, crammed full of razor-sharp teeth opened in a roar.
“Steve, relax! If you keep fighting, it will kill you faster,” Tony shouted.
“I was just the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“You’re in Valoria,” Steve said. “Thanos will have nothing but dust and blood.”
“All right. Listen up. Until we can close that portal, we’re going to use containment. Widow and me, we stay on the ground, keep the fighting here. Hawk, I want you on the roof, eyes, and arrows, on everything. Thor, you’ve got to try and bottleneck the portal. Slow them down. You’ve got the lightning. Light them bastards up. Iron Man, you’ve got the perimeter. Anything that gets out gets turned to ash. And Hulk - ” Steve paused, waiting for Bruce to complete his breath-taking transformation.
