"Who is what?" I ask in what I hope is a biting tone, opening the door fully. "What did you even come here for, aren't you supposed to be asleep?"
John sighs for the second time in at least ten minutes before saying, "You're right, I am curious, but I can see it eating at you. I... also heard you crying and I can only assu-"
"Really, who is she?" Sara asks excitedly, plopping down in her chair like a schoolgirl listening to teen gossip.
I've always hated this bloody soul mate system, doesn't help that my mark is so noticeable even before I met John. I mean, a black dot about the size of your fist over your chest is pretty noticeable even with this system.
Upon closer inspection of his tattoo I saw all the familiar markers on my tattoo, we're both missing the key starting points... except for one. The first time we said I love you. But I don't remember saying it or him saying it to me. Then again, I have meant it in some of the other things I've said, same could be true for him. We are quite the unconventional pair after all.
I couldn't help but trace the pattern over with my finger, following the lines and predicting how it would grow further on, if I let it anyway. Finally I settled my hand over the black dot with a sigh.
I prayed that it didn't spread any further, lest John see it creeping up my neck or when I lift my arms in a too short shirt, I really didn't need any of that soul mate talk from him. We could be one of the rare cases where one is their soul mate and the other isn't. With my luck, that's exactly it.
"It is what it is." I croak out, eyes closed now as I try to swallow what felt like a rock in my throat.
"Well if you're going to just stand there gaping like a sodding goldfish..." I started to close the door.
"Of course I know who it is, what kind of question is that?" I kept trying to get him out, praying that he left before I say something stupid.
"Better than ever, new record. But I wish you were here." I felt my voice crack more than I heard it, along with a warmness building up behind my eyes.
"Hey, I thought you weren't gonna come over today." Sara says, letting me inside and closing the door behind me.
I nod gratefully and go to the kitchen to eat. I'm glad he didn't broach the subject of soulmates this early in the morning, letting me eat before bombarding me... even though I normally don't afford him such a courtesy.
"Do you need something?" I move the door slightly to keep him from seeing so much of my torso. He still seemed to be dazed while he stared and slowly dragged his eyes up to lock with my own.
"Could be, but his tattoo shows he's in something like a relationship, but I've never seen him with anyone." I reply, my hands moving away from my head in a subtle gesture.
"That was just to get close to me wasn't it?" The giggling subsides at that, they knew what message underlaid that. No use lying now, with what's happened. So I nod and John's face has a subtle light to it, or I'm just projecting.
There was another fight in 221b that day, Sherlock couldn't really remember what it was about in all honesty, either that or he just deleted it as soon as he could. But he remembered yelling, oh yes, it was about severed fingers in a plastic bag. Sherlock thought he was being considerate, he kept it in a bag and away from the food. He didn't really see the problem. But John did. Sherlock fiddled with the syringe in his hand and thought back to what else happened that morning.
I stay on the couch for a bit while he makes food, wrapping myself even tighter in my dressing gown. God, I wish it was like this all the time but all the same, we would get bored.
"Yes, I have. Lestrade and my brother move the same way, it's always that click between people. I would know." I replied, gesturing to the tattoo spanning my torso. We both knew it was missing some of the beginning pieces of the soulmate bond and relationship.
"Why, you can clearly see she isn't the one. Just ask her, I think she knows it to." It's the truth, and it probably hurts.
"How about when you threatened me with the mute button?" I chime in, trying not to laugh through my words.
cases. If we are and I tell him... he'll leave. I can't have him leave John, I'll never be able to forgive myself." I try to make my words grind together, cutting. But they just come out... tired.
"I wish I could kiss those lies from you Sherlock." Ah, there's where my knowledge of John ends and where my desires begin. I knew it would come to this, it always does. Too bad I haven't learned to keep this version of John close enough to reality to keep him from shattering.
I storm out of the flat so Sherlock will realize he needs to actually work out his problems and not just let them fester until he can't work them out anymore. I hail a cab and only talk to the cabbie to tell him where I'm going, trying to seem like I don't want to talk.
"No, I would've called you if I did. As you know, I'm lost without my blogger." I know that was a bit of a low blow, but I can't bring myself to care.
John finishes making food and basically drags me to our chairs, setting a plate on my lap since the kitchen is a mess. As usual.
"Why do you want to know? It's not like it matters." I take a couple of steps back, John takes two steps forward.
"Hey, remember the time you went to the palace in nothing but a sheet?" John seemed to be laughing already and couldn't help but join him. "'Are you wearing any pants?' 'No.'" John is definitely laughing, I look up and it's like sunshine.
"Do be more specific, there's a lot of things we can talk about." I reply, still facing the back of the couch and being this close to curling up. He may call me a child for this but I don't care.
There was a knock at the door and I went to answer it without a second thought. Suddenly I came back to myself when I saw John about to say something when the words died on his lips while he stared at my torso.
"I'm fine John." I replied, a false sense of happiness coating my words, an equally plastered on smile accompanied it. I watched as he took in my appearance, if I looked as bad as I felt I was doomed. He shook his head with a small smile.
"He. And I don't know, he gets really irritated and won't tell me. Apparently his soulmate doesn't know they're soulmates." I say with a tinge of sympathy for him, taking a sip of tea. "I'd hate to be in his position.
I stole my brother's hotspot just to publish this, so I won't be able to respond to comments for awhile. My apologies for not publishing sooner, mostly because I don't have internet access.
I nod my head slowly and take a moment to compose myself enough to form words. "Fine, I'm fine. Just... I didn't think that..."
"Oh, so now I'm difficult to deal with? How do you deal with yourself every day then? Pretty well, I assume since I think you're the only one that doesn't find you to be an absolute arse. You know, I think more people would at least try to tolerate you if you stopped being such a freak and acted normal for once!"
"Thank you, I know it's hard without me here making sure you don't do anything stupid but I know you'll make it." I know he was smiling when he said this, but I can't bring myself to look up and I smile a little. Normally he's the one who won't look up when I'm deducing him.
His demeanour softens. "He doesn't know, does he?" He sounds almost consoling, it pisses me off even more.
"Just one more day Watson, then you can leave. Just give his eulogy then both of us can be at peace."
"That's not what I'm trying to do at all, I just want to help you work through this Sherlock. You need to tell him." John's staying unbearably calm through this, his tone like he's trying to soothe a small child in a clinic and goddamnit it's almost working.
"Yeah, just, sorry about that." I answer, trying not to let on what's going through my mind when I lay down and hold her in my arms.
"Oh you know how much I hate repeating myself. I said, take off your shirt. I want to look at your soulmate mark and compare it to ones I know."
John told himself while staring at the suit he was about to wear. Sherlock got it for him, the damn thing was about the cost of all his outfits combined.
"God I hope not, Sherlock would be crushed." I look down into my cup for a moment. "He already seems like he is."
Sherlock stared at him blankly until that last sentence, wincing visibly. John realized right then what he just said, trying to take it back as he watched Sherlock put up every barrier he once took down around John. John suddenly felt sick.
"Why in the hell are you doing these bloody experiments anyway, what useful information do you get out of it? Most of it is something we already know or it doesn't work at all. Hell, it's even more useless than that bloody cigar ash index of yours."
A few days after the funeral John was finally left alone, his friends making amends and slowly being convinced that he could be left alone.
"People can have lives away from their flatmates you know. Maybe his soulmate lives far away now, or he just visits him." She seems to remember she has tea and starts to drink it again.
John's expression hardens and he gets up, walking to the coat rack angrily. "Clearly you want to be alone. I'll be at
"Of course I'm hesitating, this is a... how do I say this? Delicate subject and I know you don't like to talk about emotions but-"
"Well, who knows with him. I just hope he sorts it out." I take a drink as well before leaning forward again. Sara takes this as the end of the conversation and changes the subject for me; it feels almost like small talk with her and my mind can't help but come back to Sherlock and his... issue. Normally with conversations like this that I have with Sherlock, I hang on every word but with Sara I seem to space out.
"You haven't even see two soul mates besides your parents, maybe that's the way they move and talk."
"I don't think so, can't we just leave this off and get to why you came down here?" I will deny till the day I die that was a whine.
"Do you think they're one of those cases?" Sara takes a sip of her tea to hide the sympathy in her own voice.
"You're correct, I am a freak. But you were the only person to never call me that. But it is for the best, I was actually starting to get attached. Funny that."
"I can hear the gears in your head turning, what is it?" I say, not even looking away from the screen, continuing what looks like casework.
"This isn't pointless Sherlock, why are you so defensive? Is it because of who your soulmate is? Do you know who your soulmate is?" John doesn't seem like he's budging.
"Alright, I just wanted to talk to you about the way you treated Sara today. You really need to work on your people skills." He's really trying to be stern.
I don't know how much time has passed but I felt myself slipping. Finally everything was quiet. This time I felt a soft kiss to my lips and I relaxed even more, not having enough energy to even try to kiss back. I felt loved, finally. I let go with last words tainting my lips. I didn't know if they were mine.
I see a flash of gold in the corner of my eye, followed by blue. Ah. It's already starting then. I take a deep breath and close my eyes, I may as well enjoy my last high.
"I know. But if it doesn't work out with her, you always have your room here." I respond, not looking up at him as we start eating.
John didn't come home last night, I thought he was just going to let me stew for the day and sneak in during the night while he thought I was asleep. I stayed up for awhile with the lights off to see if he would come in. Now I'm feeling a bit worried.
"Worth a try, wasn't it?" The vision of him becomes blurry, but his smile is as clear as ever. God it was beautiful.
"So, have you had any cases lately?" He's trying for small talk again. Why? I don't understand why, he left and now suddenly he's back like nothing happened.
"Sherlock being stupid again?" At my moment of silence after she says that she laughs quietly. "I swear, you two are more of a couple than we are." Her tone is joking of course but it still riles me just a little. I laugh along with her as I sit down to talk with her.
"John, we both know this isn't exactly important or as you say, eating at me. You're just curious." My comment doesn't exactly come out as harsh as I want seeing as I'm facing the couch back and curled up like a child, but I try.
"You're not a good liar, you know." He puts the plates in the sink and comes back out again, sitting across from me, unconsciously mirroring my position.
"Then you should have no problem telling me who, if it doesn't matter to you." I know he's trying to break me down.
"Morning Sherlock, there's eggs if you want them." John says simply, reading the morning paper while he drinks tea. Seems I slept in much longer than I thought, he finished eating already.
"Wait." He said it so quietly that if I wasn't listening for it I would've missed it. I slowly opened the door and looked at him expectantly.
It all passes in a tear soaked blur, confessions that should never be heard finally being made in shaky words after a eulogy to friends who eventually realize that John really did love him.
"I know, but we both know you can't. Nor can I do the same for you since we knew this was a farce the whole time." I try to keep my voice even, God I hated this part everytime. It hurts to let go of him. Even if he wasn't real.
When I get there and pay the cabbie, I pray that she's home when I knock on the door. "Just a minute!" I hear her call before the door is opened a couple minutes later.
I was so caught up in my thoughts I apparently didn't hear John calling my name a couple times before. "Sherlock? You alright?"
“So basically, you knew you’d be abducted and brought here against your will? On the whole, was it what you had expected?”
It encourages John to try again: “You never answered me. What if we were exclusive, sort of? Just…theoretically. Would you mind that?”
The great Sherlock Holmes, so observant, so sharp-minded, came back damaged and lost, with auditory hallucinations and a fear that his dear John wouldn’t accept him. So the change in John’s behaviour hadn’t surprised him at all. John could be distant, not seeing him in months, and Sherlock would think he’d deserved it.
When they arrive in London, John and Mary will fetch Rosie and then go home, and he’ll probably have chips in a cardboard carton from a stall on the corner. He’s allowed that.
Sometimes, it hits him after a particularly brutal scene—a nauseating feeling that he’s doing something revoltingly, inexcusably wrong. How could it have come to this?
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says slowly, looking John in the eyes. “But I wouldn’t do all that with someone I don’t trust. Someone who wouldn’t berate himself for leaving me bound. I don’t mind calling it friendship, if not an ordinary one. We were never ordinary anyway, neither of us.”
Maybe John is not quite the man she wanted him to be. But he’s her man. He’s the one. Perhaps she won’t be able to change him to her liking, as someone else did, but she can make him remember what he wants to be, just like he makes her forget some things she’d rather leave behind.
John brushes a stray curl from Sherlock’s forehead, runs a hand down his back. “Comfortable? Oh, maybe not entirely.”
“John… what… what’s…” Sherlock slurs a little, unable to finish his question, as John carefully guides him downstairs.
Sherlock stops abruptly when he sees the contraption, and John has to shove him forward. “Come on, don’t be difficult. First, lift your hands up, let me take your t-shirt off. You won’t need it.”
a slut. No matter how raw he is, he’s fully hard when John reaches a hand under him. Good. But he’ll have to wait some more, until John’s release, for the sake of subordination.
“Are you angry with me because it took me so long to decide?” he whispers into her ear. “I thought it might be for the best for
John tuts. “No, Sherlock. No. I’ve been too indulgent with you. I know you won’t like it, but you need a lesson. Come on.”
“No!” Sherlock catches his sleeve. He rarely disobeys like that nowadays. “No, John, please. Don’t go.”
By God, John is glad to have him in their bed, so close to him.  The relief is coupled with a more complex feeling John has trouble understanding.  He replays Sherlock's speech in his head.  It had seemed good, a simple growth of awareness, one of those moments when reality hits you in the face and you finally... get it.  Sherlock, at least, sounded relived, didn’t he? But in the never-ending flow of his verbal onslaught, hasn't Sherlock basically decided he couldn't allow failure?  To what expense?
"Really?" John is pleasantly surprised.  He turns back and sees the electronic screen of the monitor showing a normal foetal heart rate and a flat line underneath.  The scroll of paper that's sliding out of it and piling up on the floor shows the same flat line.  If Sherlock's stomach muscles had contracted, it would have shifted into a particular mountain-like pattern.
), and traces of non-lethal chemicals in the woman's hair, Sherlock is about to discover the identity of the mysterious mother.
Sherlock doesn’t hear the last words of the sentence; he’s groaning, loud and unabashed, moving his hips back and forth, as if trying to get away from the pain.  Meanwhile, John asks for Mycroft’s help once more.  He looks doubtful.  “Are you sure...”
expecting a fight," he admits.  "I was prepared to reply to every objection Mycroft would have put forward. I wanted him to at least call me irresponsible, with maybe one of two mentions of my drug addict past.  I got nothing."
John freezes. Is Mycroft referring to what he himself had noticed? It seems improbable –even for Mycroft.  Sherlock and him have seen so little of each other.
I have been struggling in my life for a while now, and I am doing the best I can.  It is hard being single parent when the father of your kids doesn't want to have anything to do with them, and keeps fighting not to pay any custody.  I have been writing for a long time here, first for the SPN fandom, then for Sherlock.  That is why I am leaving this link down below to anyone who has some spare change and would like to make a donation (it works with paypal).  Of course, this will not affect my writing, I am not writing for the money.
"It would be uselessly traumatic to implicate Angela Beeks in the case.  There was no murder, after all.   I know Lestrade will believe my explanation without asking too many questions.  He is tired of this case - and of me.  He will comply, I am certain."
John sleeps until late in the morning, only waking up when a nurse comes to check on his bandage and take his vital signs, once every two hours or so.  Sherlock is a steady presence to which John holds onto, drunk on exhaustion and pain killers.  Then it's suddenly ten in the morning and the sun is shining bright outside. Sherlock is nowhere to be seen, but he's left a note.
"It is when a couple, or two people who are emotionally close and dependant of each other, experience a situation when one of them suffers a psychotic event, or acute mental illness, and contaminates the other.  It's the psychological equivalent of a contagious illness.  If you hadn't been contaminated by her psychotic thoughts, you would have done something when her state got worse, caused by what must have been a severe post-partum depression. "
John is impressed, and at the same time, hit by the incredible sadness of this case.  He loses himself in his own thoughts as their cab grinds to a halt in the traffic.  It is Sherlock who speaks next.
Tears. Because there is no more lettuce.  John is quick to erase the surprised expression off his face.    He apologises as seriously as he can -but not too much, it could be read as sarcasm then- and hides himself in the fridge, pretending to look for something to replace the salad, when what he really wants is to give Sherlock some space while he gets himself under control.
"We really are having a baby," John mutters, to himself mostly.  How can he still be surprised by the fact?
Sherlock, in the midst of removing his trousers, answers with an annoyed huff.  He wiggles his hips and does complicated leg motions, but they seem trapped around the knees.
John, stressed by Sherlock’s sudden change of behaviour, has to bite his lips to stop himself from shutting Mycroft up.  It would be stupid.  He does need him.  He has the feeling Sherlock’s labour is once more picking up speed.
"That's the thing, with you.  You don't have reserves to palliate for this kind of situation," John thinks out loud.
.  Oh god, Sherlock.  John takes off his mask with trembling fingers, despite the nurse’s protest.  He needs to ask.
Sherlock nods.  Part of the tension that's been building in the last minute leaves his body.  John sighs, knowing that whatever develops between the two of them, it's unknown territory, and it will necessarily be filled with moments of doubt, misunderstanding and the occasional fight.  Sherlock is not only inexperienced regarding relationships, but more generally on an affective level.  He does feel, probably too much. Why else would he have fought so hard to become insensitive  until the knowledge and meaning of his emotions have become completely alien to him? To be in denial for so long has had Sherlock at a loss of how to deal with them.
A sympathetic nurse had walked him to the waiting room, and had assured him she would come back to get him as soon as possible.
What does it matter anyway?  John won't wait for him to come back on his own terms.  He isn't the patient, often clueless flatmate of a brilliant mind he could only admire.  Hasn't been in a long time.
With that tender moment, and given how openly Sherlock speaks of his physical appearance, John thinks that early morning epiphany he just went through is nothing more than it seems.
There is no solution.  John cannot deny he's as addicted to Sherlock's Work as Sherlock is.  It would be easier if they weren't each other's entire universe, because the fear of losing the other is always there, hovering around their heads.  And now, they have a baby on the way, which of course only complicates the issue.
"John, please, don't infantilize me," Sherlock protests, stopping right in front of him.  "I could have taken Grey down.  You know it."
This pleases Louisa.  She smiles and her eyes light up with it this time, slits of ice blue between her crow’s feet.  It is Sherlock all the way.  "He was twelve when he used for the first time.  Of course, I didn't know that until very long after.  Mycroft was good at concealing the damage.  I felt something change that year, and I thought it was... puberty, I guess.  I've been such an idiot... Oh, I don't want to keep stirring those memories, it is Christmas.  I just want to tell you that with what Sherlock's been through in the past, I never expected him to live past thirty-five, and now, he's just announced to me that I'm going to be a grandmother! I owe you so much, John, so... thank you, for loving my son as he is."
John has thought about it before, about how it would feel to finally kiss Sherlock.  If reality enhances the hesitation and clumsiness, it is still so much better.  John is fully hard, he needs to touch, to caress, to whisper obscenities into Sherlock’s ear, and oh God, his hair.  John doesn’t want to deprive himself anymore –he shoves both hands in the silky curls and runs them along Sherlock’s scalp, his fingers pressing softly, his nails scratching at it.  Sherlock groans loudly, presses his face forward like he wants to be closer to John, like he wants them to be one.  He bites at John’s lower lip, softly, then begins to suck on it, panting rhythmical moans straight into John’s mouth.
"What is wrong with it?" Sherlock snaps, grabbing the sheets to cover himself while he pushes John away with one foot.
“That is extremely uncomfortable, Sage.  You might want to wait until you are out to stretch like that,” he murmurs at his belly.  “Sorry,” he adds, looking at John.
John wipes the sweat pooling on his forehead and feels himself relax.  He's grateful when Sherlock hands him half a glass of water, drinks it eagerly, then falls back on the bed, dragging Sherlock with him.
"Sherlock," John cuts in, when he hears his voice accelerating and his eyes take that nervous reflection.  "Why are you justifying yourself? I agree with you.  It is a good way to remain active during the birth without suffering, or not as much.  And before you begin to question yourself, it is in no way a sign of weakness, or cowardice, to wish to be able to experience birth without being overwhelmed by pain.”
They do not speak of the case for the rest of the evening.  Of course, it stays at the back of Sherlock's mind, but there will be time for subsequent analysis.  It has been one hell of a day, after all.
John puts Sherlock's tea on the small table next to his chair. He’s never seen this table’s surface before, as it's usually covered in papers, magazines and other stuff.
Sherlock gives everything he has, and more.  He hasn’t needed John’s instructions to know how to push more efficiently (avoiding pushing with one’s “chest” instead of the lower belly muscles being the most common mistake) and is going at his own rhythm.  It’s a given that the method of having your patient give one long push or two with each contraction, coordinating them while counting, is a practice that is less and less used by obstetricians, and John didn’t even try; he had the feeling Sherlock would have quickly dismissed it.  It doesn’t matter really, he gives about four good pushes by contraction, and it is easy for John to see how effective they are, the birth canal expanding with each one, showing a little bit more of the baby’s head each time.  For now, it is pulled back inside at the end of each push, but it does progress, if only by the number of seconds it takes for the head to go back inside, expanding slowly but surely.
Mycroft allows himself a discreet snort. Sherlock doesn't answer, but John can practically feel his exasperated gaze burning a hole in the back of his head.
Sherlock's covered legs suddenly kick, and he sits up, grabbing the side of the stretcher.  "The pain.  It's coming back, John," he warns.
"Where does that come from?  I like... well, it just... in my eyes, it makes you even more unique.  It also offers…um...sexual possibilities that, yes, I'll admit, might be a turn on for me. But good god, Sherlock, it is totally fine.  Don't ever think I would want you to submit yourself to this for me."
John snorts in disbelief.  He doesn't know if Sherlock is playing a cruel, let's-have-John-dying-of-blue-balls game, or if sincerely believes what he is saying.  It doesn't matter, though, enough with this bullshit.  He lifts himself on one elbow.  "What.  The hell.  Are you talking about?"
“You give my intelligence too much credit,” Sherlock replies, looking pleased, of course, because he’s always been sensitive to John’s praises.  “Of course, I did,” he adds after a second, smiling.  “But it didn’t change who I was, and I made it clear from the start that I wasn’t interested in any kind of relationship.  That said, I’m sure you have thought about it and deduced yourself that I might be inexperienced.  A virgin, that is to say.”
He takes Sherlock's free hand and looks at him, bending forward to cut off anything that isn't him. He needs Sherlock to understand what he is saying and be certain John is sincere.  "I am worried, but not especially so.  Listen...bleeding during pregnancy is quite frequent, both for men and women.  As for the contractions, it's most probably Braxton-Hicks ones.  I didn't really need an ambulance but hell, it's you, and it's our baby, so I might have over-reacted a bit.  I'm going to call Amy so that she can join us at the Royal Free and I will make sure you get the best care, alright?"
"However, when I came to the realisation that I had disappointed you, it upset me, which I find very surprising. I
And, oh, the game is on, he sees it, when they come face to face; the innocent, slightly bored expression Sherlock has carefully calculated.  John knows the jumper’s destruction has been an act of puerile revenge.
Now, John wonders if he has time to tell Sherlock that no, he isn’t disappointed at all.  In the end, he had understood that it is because Sherlock did care about those hostages and innocent victims that he couldn’t allow himself to care, not if he wanted his incredible brain to work as efficiently  as possible.  As with everything else regarding the man, his mind is made of contradictions.  And John had been stupid to think that maybe, just maybe, he had been wrong, and that Sherlock’s self-proclaimed sociopathy was an undeniable fact.
John suspects Sherlock's resistance might have something to do with the person it makes him: a son, always loved, sometimes scolded, who will forever remain a little boy in his parent's eyes.  It's hard to keep his cold, composed persona in those occasions, and the smallest hint at affection has him fighting fiercely -yes, there, again, like a small boy.  When Louisa had called to invite them over for Christmas, she had cleverly spoken with John instead of being rebuffed by her son.  John had decided it would be the perfect occasion to finally tell them about Sherlock's pregnancy, mostly because he knows Sherlock would push the moment back as long as possible. He's already two weeks into his second trimester and so far, they’ve only told Mrs. Hudson, more out of necessity than anything else.  With Sherlock throwing up so often, she had come to think he was severely sick and that they were hiding it to avoid upsetting her.
Hating Sherlock?  John feels a lot of things for the man : admiration, wonder, exasperation, desire, frustration, but most of all something fierce and intense like he has never felt before.  He can't deny anymore that it’s pretty close to love.  And it’s all fine.  Sorting those feelings out took a lot of energy out of John, knowing they would never be reciprocated, but he can deal with it if it means sharing Sherlock’s chaotic, violent, addictive way of life.
It’s another fight to get Sherlock on the sofa instead of kneeling in front of it.  John has to shout over his own cries, explaining he does not have a choice, he needs to check him.  Sherlock stops working against them, then, and they can lower him safely onto the sofa.  Mycroft’s face is deep red, he pants loudly through his nose and seems close to panic himself.  Sherlock is groaning from the effort of turning on his side, curling in on himself, groaning through the contraction.
John has never been so frustrated with a case, and it's enough for him to decide never to write it down on his blog, despite Sherlock having labelled it a "solid eight" and many bizarre elements that would have made a great story.  He wants to forget it, the sooner the better.
When John gets home and opens the flat's door, his first thought is that he's not home at all.  Nope.  He must have gone through some parallel universe portal because this flat, although it is similar in each point to John's, is so clean it's unreal.  Hell, the smell of disinfectant makes his nose itch.  John takes a couple of steps inside, taking everything in; the floor is of a colour at least one tint clearer than usual -that's how bad it was- and it is shining.  Like... it's pristine enough to eat on -even better, John realises, sliding his hand on the wooden surface, the
(Which would have sounded incredibly insensitive in any other circumstance, but when you work on solving crime, you get all new measures for inappropriate jokes.  Hence John's frank laugh at the poor D.I.’s confession).
“That won’t happen,” John tells him, firmly but softly.  “You don’t need to control your reaction to pain, you need to accept the pain.  It will allow you to breathe better and to be less tensed.  Don’t waste your precious strength to keep up appearances.  Alright? And I’ll take care of the rest, Sherlock.  I’ll be there to put you back together, as always. You know I will.”
"It's alright, Sherlock," he says, looking down at him.  "It's okay just stop thinking so damn hard."
The closer he gets, the more of the situation becomes clear to John.  First he sees the flashing lights.  Police cars.  Emergency vehicles. Then he hears, beyond the howling wind, human voices, lots of them.  His view is almost completely blocked by Mycroft’s car.
“Hey, relax, there is no reason to panic.  It happens, in the active phase, sometimes the contraction lose the pattern they were following.  It’s ok to be hurting, Sherlock, you’ve been managing brilliantly so far, but you are going through the most painful part.  Relax, alright?  I’m here.”
It is the first thing Sherlock says when John is done with the presentation.  Stephen Beeks, a middle-aged man with soft features and huge, sad eyes, nods, showing no surprise, fear or shock.  Nothing.  It is clear he knows who they are, because he steps to the side and lets them in, asking them to be quiet since he's just put his baby daughter to bed.
"The film. You were right, John.  It does seem I have yet failed to enjoy the positive side of my predicament, and in doing so, the future presence of our daughter in our lives."
"What?" Sherlock frowns, ready, without a doubt, to explain to John a foetus cannot formulate a conscious thought, even less so try to communicate it.  Which, of course, John knows.
John does.  "You have become quite reasonable yourself, Sherlock, do you at least realise it?  You have more consideration for your own life, which cannot be seen as something other than an improvement.”
"Gonna come," Sherlock declares, and the time when he couldn't use that kind of vocabulary seems long ago.
The case presented by Mycroft is disappointing.  Sherlock solves it in two days, without leaving the flat.  The Greek ambassador’s wife’s honour is safe, the pearl earrings are found exactly where Sherlock said they would be (in the daughter’s room) and the maid receives the apology she deserves, plus a bonus. Of course, given the sensitivity of the matter, John cannot post a single word about it in his blog.
The mail had started in April, but most of the letters and packages arrive during the 37th week of the pregnancy. It is fun, at least for John.  Sherlock rolls his eyes, mostly, although some of the presents seem to please him.  The day they receive a set of pyjamas made by hand, from Sally Donovan (the things you learn about people, John would have never taken Sally as such a wonderful seamstress), he actually lays one of them on his belly, and John cannot resist snapping a picture, laughing; it is adorable, seeing Sherlock reacting exactly like so many mothers and fathers to be.  Sherlock blushes, but makes a point of keeping the pyjamas there a few more seconds, lifting his chin, daring John silently to add something, or take another shot.
Sherlock seems like he's about to protest further, but he finally keeps quiet.  He lowers his eyes down to his stomach, where the crumpled sage stem has landed, and presses his hand on the side, carefully, always.  "She moved again," he whispers.  "I believe soon you'll be able to feel her as well."
"It's the least ugly room Mycroft could find," he states, his position stiff and his tone trying too hard to be its usual unimpressed one.  "He pays his regards."
Sherlock rolls his eyes at John, then stretches his hand, asking silently for his mobile.  John gives it to him without discussion, and takes his arm.
Panic is making Sherlock's voice tremble.  John realises he's been silent for a while -maybe a whole minute.  He shakes his head vigorously.
He had a plan, of course.  They had visited the three closest hospitals and looked at the birth register -each time, John had been the one dealing with the administrator and getting Scotland Yard on the phone for them to get the permission.  He doubted they would find anything, but Sherlock was pretty sure of himself.  And then, yes, they had found what they had been looking for at the last hospital; the record of a little girl whose birth corresponded to the window Sherlock had established, taking all the fact into account.  Her mother had registered under Camila Beeks, wife of Stephen Beeks.  Another Spanish woman had given birth in the first hospital they had visited, around the same time, but she had been registered as a legal immigrant ten years prior. Now, with the first name being the same as the one she had given to Laurie Afton, Sherlock -and John, to a point- had been certain he had found their unidentified woman's child and husband.  The baby had been called Sophie Alba Beeks.  Sherlock had read her name in a very soft, very low voice, completely oblivious, apparently, that he was rubbing his belly at the same time.
John shakes his head and presses a kiss on Sherlock's forehead.  Sherlock sniffs, his nose scrunching, and mumbles something that sounds like "variables."   John smiles.
Sherlock pushes and presses, mouth opened, eyes shut tight, letting out a series of high-pitched "oh, oh, ohs," and at that moment, when his whole body begins to tense, John feels the wetness of his arse cheeks.  It's strange because even if Sherlock is dripping like crazy, the precome should be gathered in the front, not...
Sherlock nods, and closes his eyes.  He’s silent for a bit.  A deafening rumble of thunder resonates  against the hills.
"Come here, you," John whispers, pleased to see Sherlock on the move immediately, eager, even though he still tries to hide it.  He takes off his suit jacket (and there it goes down the floor) and waits a second in front of John's chair, like he's suddenly remembering something.
Ok.  How to say this?  Some time ago, I opened a "buy me a coffee" account and put a link somewhere in my fic at the end of a chapter.  I was really reluctant to do so, and here is why.
It has been a busy three days, especially for John, who had done most of the legwork, going back and forth to the Yard and Bart's, amongst other places.  It is as if the case had been waiting for Sherlock to be physically able to solve it.  Thanks to a dirt sample coming from one of the body's shoes, John making an oblivious comment about watching the "Alien" movie (
"Sherlock, wishing to put people into shock isn't very nice," John replies playfully, pinching his left arse cheek.  Sherlock squeals, then blushes, then focuses on rubbing himself against John's crotch.
It shouldn't have come as a surprise.  Medical appointments are a great source of stress for Sherlock.  It is not easy for him to remain in control of his emotions when they are that intense, and they had been.  John could easily deduce it, when Amy Brown had done the sonogram.  Sherlock's nervousness translates in many mannerisms, amongst them a specific tone of voice when he actually speaks, because he usually tries to keep quiet when he’s unnerved, undoubtedly afraid of losing control of what comes out of his mouth in strings of nervous, never-ending sentences.
When I write an AU,  my brain kind of forces me to stay as close to the original canon as possible, and with the revelation of Euros being Sherlock's sister,  I couldn't not trying to fit her in somehow, so I had the idea to make her Sherlock's twin whom died into the womb.  And now my brain can leave me alone.  :D
The extra weight fits him so well. He's astonishing, wonderfully soft and round, his movements slow, careful.  There is something equally soft in his eyes, even when he concentrates on a series of deductions (mostly to determine if John’s shifts and errands have gone well).  He's peaceful, even -most of the time anyway.  His insecurities are still there, and manifest, but it seems now Sherlock finds it easier to talk about it, to allow himself to be soothed by John's words.
“Mmm.  Although, to be honest, I am only pretending to work.   The... physical discomfort, it seems, makes me unable to think efficiently.”
Sherlock stops in his tracks.  He walks up to John, as tall and intimidating as he can be.  His nostrils are flaring, he has his "I am with stupid" expression.
The expression on Sherlock's face when Dr. Brown tells them she doesn't see the necessity to pursue the strict bed rest is lovely, a combination of surprise and immense relief.   His smile does not leave his face while Amy helps him out of the stirrups and in a sitting position on the examination table.
The problem, apparently, isn't that they haven't had an immediate answer to the nature of the mysterious substance, but that it was the only lead left Sherlock could do something about.  His disappointment comes mostly from his inability to work the case like he usually does, and having to rely on other people's work to make his deductions.  Not being able to go back to the crime scene, to explore all the possibilities it surely offers that haven't been picked up by the others is especially hard on him, because it's been months since he's stumbled upon a case as bizarre and "entertaining."  An eight is a rarity, and Sherlock has to wait for the results of different procedures, like the complete examination of the severely decomposed body, the composition of dirt samples he's asked Lestrade to gather on different surfaces at the crime scene, and more importantly the identification of the victim. Photos and written descriptions aren't the same as him, Sherlock Holmes (his words), observing it with his own eyes.  "I have missed a lot of clues, that is a certainty," he complains.  "And now I have no lead to pursue."
"Shut up and take me back home." Sherlock is so deeply humiliated he has skipped anger to get right to pleading.
"I have to say", she finally admits when John sits on her opposite, close to Sherlock, "that Jimmy is right about one thing.  There is a protocol to follow, doctor Watson, and I cannot afford to lose my job."
Sherlock can't go on.  He frees himself from John's grasp and walks straight into his room.  John follows, trying to make sense of what Sherlock is saying, until... oh, Sherlock.  It is always so surprising when he shows how much John really is important to him, how much he loves him.  And god, how vulnerable he really is. It would be so easy to play with his insecurities and innocent love, to manipulate him.  John is glad he is the one Sherlock judged worthy enough to see how uncertain and fragile he is regarding intimacy, friendship, love, sentiment.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and gives John a stern look.  It’s familiar and somewhat reassuring.  John shrugs, as if saying that yes, he is a romantic, and Sherlock will have to deal with it.
He's walking back and forth on the pavement when John joins him.  His hands are shoved in his pocket, he's mumbling to himself.
"I will sound like an old broken record but... You cannot be in control all the time.  We wouldn't be together if you didn't allow yourself to give it up from time to time."
“Oh, god, the contraction is almost over,” Sherlock says, short of breath.  “John, it’s time, isn’t it?  I’m sorry I couldn’t go to the bedroom, the need to expel has been quite sudden, and brutal.  I’ve read about it, of course, but I’ve never thought...”
John sighs.  Nothing is ever easy.  "I know.  Look, I refuse to consider what it would mean to keep a child.  Our decision has already been made, what good would it do?  You, Sherlock, you are the most important thing in my life.  You
"Yes, I know it is less effective because of the pregnancy.  Would you mind letting me complain still?" Sherlock says a bit harshly.  He then clears his throat as if to demonstrate to John he is serious about the issue.
As far as Sherlock is concerned, his usual grace is absent.  It's like he doesn't know what to do with his too-long limbs, and can't coordinate pressing his groin to John's and kissing him -his expression is one of wonder and confusion, and between wet kisses, he can't seem to be able to stop talking.
Louisa Holmes has her hands over her mouth and her eyes are wide from the surprise.  She leaves John there and practically runs inside, calling Sherlock's name.
"It's not a real baby!" Sherlock hisses, giving John a look that screams ‘you're an idiot’, and not in an affectionate way.
"Two hours, thirty-seven minutes.  That is the longest you've been gone when you're mad at me -that is, since we’ve been together," Sherlock states in a low, rapid voice.  "I believe fourteen hours means something more serious is going on."
John considers what he now holds, which is a disembodied plastic head.  Sherlock has the rest of the body dangling from a foot in his right hand.
"It's our hard-earned money. It makes all the difference in the world.  I work hard at the surgery. I deserve the salary. And the same goes for you.  If you would accept being paid for each case you -"
Sherlock is shaking a little, so John takes his arm and helps him sit on the bed, all the while murmuring reassuring nonsense.
Sherlock is not quite there. His eyes are still squeezed shut, he shakes from head to toes and lets out quiet, plaintive moans.  The transition is never easy for him.  John moves back a little and turns Sherlock on his back.  Grey, tired eyes flash at him for a second.
John smiles despite his initial disappointment -he's a little bit ashamed to miss Sherlock's presence so acutely, and at the same time, he can't help but feel amused at the correct deduction that John might worry Sherlock would be up to something reckless - like trying to catch McMasters on his own by sheer force of revenge and anger.  To tell the truth, the woman is absent for John's mind.  He isn't even angry with her, more irritated by her stupidity.  John had almost become the second victim of an otherwise intelligent woman who had ruined her life for a lover that couldn't be faithful, then had tried to escape an inescapable situation.  What a waste.  And now, her case is solved and John doesn't plan to write about it, or speak of her ever again.
John's sleepiness takes a step back, a tiny one, but still.  Something important is happening, he thinks, between Sherlock and him.  He would like to hold onto it and gather the energy needed to at least look at his friend.  All he can do, sadly, is to smile - even then, he is not sure he succeeds, or that Sherlock sees it.  John just hopes he'll remember all of it once the morphine wears off.
It's been a long week.  John going to get a drink in the pub down the street and come back later, hoping Lestrade will have called in the meantime.
John helps Sherlock into his new clothes, folding the cotton pad and settling it in place.  It is a very intimate moment, and they are so close John can smell the slightly acrid odour of Sherlock’s sweat, and his soap.  He holds out his hand to him and Sherlock stands obediently, waiting while John pulls up his trousers.
Sherlock's rapid, cold voice is cut out by a loud static noise.  He opens his eyes and turns them towards the screen.  John can see his mouth opening slowly as a violent blush crawls up his cheeks.  The static is cut out by a rapid, regular noise: the familiar thumping of a beating heart.  It's loud, and quick.
Sherlock is bent over him, a hand laid on his shoulder.  The darkness is misleading, John realises, seeing the pale light illuminating Sherlock’s face.  It’s morning, but a cloudy, rainy one. His watch indicates it’s ten minutes past seven.
That first day, when John had returned from his very brief conversation with the agents, he had found Sherlock lying down in their bed.   Not asleep, nor thinking.  Crying very silently.  John had taken him into his arms and used all of his tricks to get him to talk.  “I miss home,” Sherlock had finally admitted between hiccups.  “This isn’t how the end of my pregnancy is supposed to go.  I refuse to give birth in Sussex.  I tried, but I cannot establish all the possible scenarios with the same precision because I am not familiar enough with the region.  I have never been to St Mary’s, and I will be forced to allow a stranger whom, for all I know, could very well be the worst androcologist in England, take control of my delivery.  It is awful, John.”
I am so sorry for the delay, I had a very busy schedule.  Good news, though, the next chapter is almost done and ready to be send to my beta reader.
John's anger is out before he even realises it.  "For Christ's sake, Sherlock!  Stop with that stupid nonsense.  I won't leave you, why do you keep bringing it up?"
I don't want to give spoilers, so hum... warnings for the case being a sad one?  Seriously, it is always a struggle for me to "get" everything that can be "triggery" for people.  I am going to go with a quote I read on tumblr after someone complained to a fanfic author about not having been careful to "trigger-warning" everything in her story : "internet is not a safe place, and my story is my intellectual property.  Authors write first for themselves, or else they wouldn't enjoy writing. "
"It might be evident to you, John, but I am now certain I will always have difficulty understanding my emotions.  Maybe it has something to do with all those years of shutting them off, or it is in fact the reason I shut them off in the first place... It feels like I would need a written manual with very detailed procedure to understand the world like... well, everyone else.  Normal people."
“See, that is the thing,I slept all through the night –not deeply, it was as if I was always on the verge of waking up, with this strange back pain and huh...” Sherlock blushes at that, “also bad cramps, in my lower belly, as if I needed to go hmm... you know... Nevertheless, it wasn’t painful enough to wake me up completely, it’s as if my body had decided I would sleep no matter what.“
Sherlock seems surprised for a second, then he laughs, a full body laugh, his deep voice rumbling in his chest.  It’s sexy as hell.
The awareness is limited to his body and immediate surroundings.  Whatever happens, not even a foot away from him, comes back like a distorted echo.  John concentrates on breathing.  It takes him all the energy he can gather.
There is no way they won't collide.  And then, John understands what is going through her mind, and he tries to brace himself, looking frenetically for the knife, the damn knife where did she put it-
Nevertheless, Sherlock has had enough of hanging around the flat doing nothing.  Sherlock being impatient and cranky means John is as well, because there is nothing Sherlock likes more than spreading his misery around him like a virus.  John had foreseen it, though, and had beforehand negotiated four  complete days of rest.  Although he's frustrated and restless, John knows Sherlock will respect his demand.  He has made sure of it.
While speaking, John takes Sherlock's pulse.  It is a bit weak, and quick.  There is no surprise there. He's been diagnosing Sherlock with malnutrition and dehydration   regularly ever since they moved in together.
Here is the evidence. John is in love with someone irremediably broken, brilliant in his madness, and he wouldn't want it any other way, considering how he is as broken as him, in a different way.  Fixing each other has never been a goal, not even a desire.  What brought them together in the first place had a lot to do with it, because of the imperfections that made them so different.  Broken can be good.
"Boring," he tells John.  "All that's left is a quite high number of small time crooks that have no idea who their allies and enemies are.  With Moriarty dead, they're going to be at each other's throats in no time.  If Lestrade's team is smart enough -which I highly doubt, but let's say they are- they can practically sit back and watch.  I've given them enough elements to go on and have no inclination to play the babysitter for a bunch of aspiring James Bonds.  And now, now please can we drop the subject.  I have a potential new case at hands and I need to rearrange my hard-drive."
Sherlock's room isn't a private one, but part of an observation station that is separated into four glass cubicles, all accessible by a nurse station in the middle.  Luckily, only another cubicle is occupied and the curtains are drawn on the large glass panels.
"I don't know if what I read on Chambers' face was surprise or distrust. The glasses, plus the grimaces, they make reading him difficult."
John cannot help being amused, seeing how Angie has grabbed Sherlock's hand and is trying to tug him backward.
"Caring for a new born.  Given that neither you, nor I, have ever been in the presence of a baby, let alone taken care of it, I deemed that class essential. I mean, just dressing them seems so bloody complicated.  Did you noticed how many poppers there are on some of the pyjamas we bought, only between the legs?... The other day, I hum..."  John clears his throat.  He hadn't planned to admit it, but now it is too late.  "I opened one, the green and yellow with the matching bib.  And then I tried to close it back.  The poppers are minuscule, I could barely work them, and my hands are smaller than yours!"
love you, Sherlock.  I don't have any control over it.   You shouldn't have taken off like that.  We are adults.  We talk. And if we come to it, we fight.  I thought your fugues were behind us."
Pregnant.  And fuck, the word is much more heavy now that it implies an ongoing status, not something that Sherlock can choose to stop being, as soon as possible.
"Emotions are frustrating but they feel so damn good, wouldn't you say?" John makes his point and lies back on his side, closer to Sherlock, letting his hand land on his stomach where he rubs small circle with his thumb.
Mycroft, alarmed, comes almost running to see what is going on.  John tells him silently to remain where he is.  Sherlock tries, without success, to lift his legs on the couch, as if he wants to curl in on himself.  His eyes are shut tight, his face a deep red, except for two white circles around his eyes.
He stands, Sherlock, wearing crumpled pyjama pants and an old t-shirt, his eternal blue dressing gown falling from his left shoulder.  Tall.  Too thin.  His hair is getting long, and the curls are harder to tame.  Sherlock hates going to the hairdresser and John hopes he'll postpone the moment a little longer so that he can play with the ebony locks to his content and watch them circling his head like a halo when he sleeps.
Sherlock grabs a pregnancy test and brings it up inches away from his eyes.  He squints, turns it over and over again, then puts it down and takes the second one.
“I’m ... I’m already doing it,” Sherlock protests, his voice small and childlike.  “I’m... What if I can’t do it?”
It suddenly occurs to him that Sherlock often loses himself in the music when he plays, and his usual hyperawareness is therefore absent.  Praying for him to be facing the window, as he so often does, John takes his mobile and settles the parameters of its camera.  He walks from the kitchen to the living room as silently as possible, and finds that indeed, Sherlock has his back to him.  He's wearing new clothes, from the batch he had ordered from his tailor shop two days ago – an assortment of trousers in light neutral tones, new jeans, soft and pale, t-shirts -yes, t-shirts and long-sleeve shirts.  No more shirts, or expensive, dark three-pieces.  "Yes," he had admitted to John, "yes, you were right.  Formal clothing has become incredibly uncomfortable, and I am very sensitive to heat.  Comfort and lightness, as you can see, but still, I hope, in good taste."
"Of course.  Playing his little game of trying to shock me was barely a distraction he desperately needed.  He hadn't told you any of it, because Sherlock's natural, almost instinctual reaction to vulnerability is to close himself off.  Even to you.  He does it, until he cannot anymore, and then it bursts.  My little brother likes to think of himself as an iceberg, wherein he is, in fact, more like a volcano."
Neither him nor John speak as they make their way outside, then in a cab.  John gets himself ready for his detective's post victory bragging, but no.  Sherlock keeps quiet, looking outside, forehead pressed against the glass window.  After five long, very long minutes, John starts to feel it again, another kind of tension, different from the one in Lestrade's office.  There is something like an invisible barrier between them.  John hates it.
The sun caressing his skin makes him pleasingly numb, and for a while, John just relaxes, reaching the edge of consciousness but resisting, just content to be.  At some point, he must have lost five minutes because Sherlock is not bending over his table of samples anymore but at the back of the garden, collecting some sort of plant.  He turns toward John and smiles, seeing him looking back.  He joins him in four long strides.
“I...” Sherlock seems to be unable to speak.  He shakes his head again, wraps his arms around John’s waist and holds him close, pressing his head against his stomach.  John is in an awkward position, his legs slightly bent, his upper body tilted forward, and only the feet of the chair offer support so that he doesn’t fall over Sherlock.  He manages nevertheless to hold himself still, one arm wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders, the other busy, his hand reaching for Sherlock’s hair once more, caressing the messy strands as his fingers untangle them.
John settles the rhythm, even slower than before, waiting for a few, languorous seconds when he's deep inside Sherlock, pulling back, then circling his hips, before starting all over again.  Sherlock's moans have wrecked his voice, and it's raw, scratchy, as he keeps praising John.
"Mycroft, you seem to be in a splendid shape," Sherlock greets his elder with an over-the-top false enthusiasm.
There is no secret I am mostly a hurt/comfort writer, and that my stories are characters study mainly.  The plot, for me, is always secondary to the journey of my characters.  The events are accessories to their reaction to them, and how it changes them.  Mpreg is the perfect subject to combine those two things : the opportunity to write a huge h/c story, and to have my characters progress and change through it all.
Mycroft lays back in his chair, crossing his right leg over the left, and without looking up, John just knows the older Holmes is studying his face.  John's throat is closing, as if he’s getting close to tears.  It’s ridiculous.
"You plan on telling him soon?  I mean, we're past the first trimester, and we've been lying to him more times than I'm comfortable with. Plus, eventually, you know you will have to step back, and leave the most dangerous job to-"
"To this point, I think the dental record would be your best chance," John adds, stretching his back.  "Given the advanced state of decay, it is impossible to date her death precisely without further analysis.  It could be anywhere between six months and a year."
But Sherlock is knocking frenetically at the glass panel, his face a pasty white.  He pushes John's caring hand away when the cab comes to a halt and opens the door, bending over the dirty sidewalk, one foot on the ground, the other still in the cab, holding onto the opened door.
Sherlock resettles on the bed next to John, on his back.  He seems unsatisfied by what he's heard. And John needs to ask.
This time, the meeting place isn’t some damp abandoned building ready to collapse.  The ever-silent and disdainful Anthea takes him to what seems to be a three-storey office building, except it’s in the middle of nowhere, in a field just outside St Albans.
Sherlock is panting, trying to slow down his breathing.  He looks exhausted but focused, determined.  His eyes light up when he sees John, and he gives him half a smile.
Sherlock stares at John –one of those piercing gazes that always feels like he’s digging into John’s mind and soul with a simple look, reading him, in and out.  Then, he nods slowly.  “Alright.”
I think people can be incredibly generous and kind.  When I was part of the SPN fandom, if one of our own was going through a difficult situation, it wasn't long before someone would organize a fanfic auction or some other event, or pass the word to gather some money to help.
Sherlock groans in frustration and shoves his head between his hands.  "It is hormonal, I guess?  Right now my body tells me I need to protect and care for what is inside me.  Add to it the most basic instinct of human race, that is, reproduction, and it is hard not considering another option than ending the pregnancy."
John rubs at his face, coming to his senses, and realising, as the last remnant of sleep clears from his mind, that he's in bed, not on a crime scene.  The room is freezing.  He wraps himself tighter in his blanket as he sits up to see what Sherlock is up to and who is being yelled at.  He must have woken up and taken a call.  It's the only explanation making sense...
John is still impressed.  He himself feels like he's about to go crazy, being locked up in the flat.  At least, he has the chance to escape when there is some shopping to do; more specifically, he can move.  He's waiting for Sherlock to finally snap at him, to tell him to get lost with his stupid distractions, and yell loud enough for the whole population of Baker Street to be able to hear about how he's bored to death, and his brain is well in the process of rotting from lack of stimulation.  John couldn't even be mad at him for doing so.
That's enough for the night, John thinks.  He gives Sherlock a knowing look and waits for his reply, a short nod, then, bracing himself for the shock, he aims approximately and gives a violent backward hit with his head.  The pain is immediate, a burning white flash going from his neck to his eyes, like a lightning strike passing through.  John does manage to stay up, though, while Green, whom he still hasn't seen, collapses on the ground with a dull thud.  By the loud "crunch" he heard, John is certain to have broken her nose.
Sherlock rearranges his brother's jacket and John grabs his umbrella, which has fallen on the floor at some point.
John cannot understand how Sherlock, who's always wore his antisocial personality and disdain for the rules proudly, can be ashamed of the consequences.  That the authorities have spend years having him in check should only feed his pride of possessing a mind the best psychiatrists cannot even understand.  But... of course, it isn't really about the decision of taking what is basically his freedom away from him.  It's about what has led him to that.  Sherlock can speak with amusement and indulgence of his taste for drugs all he wants, John knows he has always been deeply conflicted and ashamed of it -oh, he wouldn't admit it, not even to John, but the truth can be read in in everything he does not say.
John shifts his weight on his right arm so that he can use his other hand to tease Sherlock's nipple, smiling at the way his eyes practically roll back. He lifts his hips, not much, but three times in a row, and lets out another moan.
John shakes his hand, startled by warmness of the gesture.  Does he know anything at all about Mycroft Holmes, besides what he has learned to see through Sherlock's eyes?
"Technically, I was a twin myself," Sherlock explains calmly, ignoring John's incredulous gaze.  "It was a female foetus, if I remember correctly."
“Are you awake?” Sherlock snaps.  “I am telling you something is happening.  I do not feel well.  Not at all.”
He loves him so much like that, with his nose rubbed raw and his sunken eyes, tired, spent, like he's nothing but nerve ending and a brain that's as much as a blessing as it is a curse.  Looking so uncertain, so childish, observing the tiny plus sign on the pregnancy test window, biting his bottom lip.
Sherlock lowers his eyes and blushes while a pleased smile curves his lips.  "So she might want to stay in there a little more, yes?" He asks, rubbing the curve of his stomach in a slow caress.
Those small differences can be dealt with, that’s the point.  What is worrying John the most, though, is a possible uterine haemorrhage, another complication that is more common with carriers.  Because of this, he’s been encouraging Sherlock to drink.  Usually, people in labour are forbidden from eating and drinking, in case they need an emergency C-section under general anaesthesia.  Nevertheless, drinking only water isn’t like eating a steak, and given the probabilities, John knows a haemorrhage is more likely to happen than the other option.  Gosh, Mycroft would be proud of him, thinking in matters of probabilities and percentages.
Sherlock is looking back at him, still settled over Chambers.  The man is pleading in a low, panicked voice, asking for his glasses.  Sherlock shushes him without a single look.  He's too busy rolling his eyes.
"No," Sherlock croaks, rubbing at his face with both hands.  He then risks a glance at John, and there is still fear in his eyes. "I won't force you to stay, you know.  I cannot do this to you."
“It isn’t Bolognese, it’s Puttanesca sauce, Mycroft’s specialty,” Sherlock pipes without looking up.  “He learned to cook it just to torture me.”
"I'm not holding you back," Sherlock dismisses him without a look.  He turns toward John.  "Is this really incredible present a pretence to keep me down here as often as possible?"
Also, it is not usual for me to end a chapter on angst, but I did with this one because it was just the place to stop.  Don't worry though, the resolution in the  next chapter is coming soon.
On the other hand, John thinks... he thinks he can almost follow Sherlock's logic.  It might be comforting for him, knowing the option of failing – failing what, how? - has been taken away from him.  No, he doesn't think or feel like a normal person, that is one of the reasons John fell in love with him in the first place, and he wouldn't want it any other way.  The problem is, although he knows Sherlock pretty well -and it hadn't been easy, deciphering his genius of a flatmate- he cannot always understand how things work in his extraordinary brain, how he thinks when he isn't explaining it out loud while making deductions.  It is frustrating, at times.  Like right now, when Sherlock says he feels lighter, although his conclusion about not allowing himself to fail should have instead put an incredible weight on his shoulders.
Sherlock frowns, opens his mouth as if to protest, but loses the fight.  His breathing is already deepening.
, Sherlock shouts, and the frustration makes his voice tremble. For a second, it appears as if he's going to burst into tears.
Later that day, John falls asleep in front of the fireplace, laying down on the leather lazy-boy he immediately adopted the day of their arrival.  When he wakes up, Sherlock has made cucumber sandwiches and a cheese plate with crackers.  They eat in front of the fire as the sun sets and the winds howls against the windows.  Sherlock has pushed the small loveseat that was at the other end of the living room next to John's chair.  He's sitting with his back leaning against a cushion, his legs stretched in front of him.  They are close enough that John, once he's finished with his food, takes off Sherlock's socks and begins to rub his feet, long and lean and pale, not even a strand of hair on his big toes.  Sherlock likes it, enough for John to suspect he might have a slight foot fetish.  If he's honest with himself, that is why he is doing it in the first place, wishing to light a spark of arousal in his lover's belly.
Yes, the first three days of Sherlock's strict bed rest have John thinking it might just go on like that.  Maybe he had been over-thinking it.
"The Southdown neighbourhood is mostly composed of white, upper middle-class families.  If someone from a different ethnicity had been living there, her presence had to have been noticed.  Yes.  European father, south-American mother.  I say there is a ninety percent chance the mother was from Argentina.  No.  Mmh.  Text me if you find something. Yes.  Yes, I'll be there.  Nine o'clock.  For Christ's sake, Lestrade, do you
John bites his lips.  He doesn't want to say it out loud, it would feel like betraying Sherlock.  "Well... it's different, he is pregnant, and we..."
At some point, Sherlock has taken control over his own delivery.  It is like he’s discarded the pain completely and found a hidden source of energy.
Gently, he coaxes him back into position, despite Sherlock's still outrageous look.  After a few seconds, he seems to give up, though, and hides back his face near John's neck.
"Yes.  Anyhow, Angie's favorite character was the Sussex Vampire.  She liked it because the costume was the scariest.  She borrowed it each Halloween and confided that she wasn't scared of anything while wearing it, because it was magic.  Angie's intelligence might not be typical, but she understood a lot more than her father and stepmother gave her credit for.   She was also tainted by Alexandra Jez's irrational fears.  My theory is that she saw her signature on the wall like some sort of magic spell, that would protect her stepmother's corpse, because she could not see it as a corpse, not completely."
"Sherlock is never more unkind than to the people close to him, those he cares about," he says, matter-of-factly.  "I don't suppose it comes to you as a surprise?  He hates caring, even more so to be cared for, because it makes him vulnerable.  That is a speculation, of course -although I am rarely wrong-  but he must feel utterly out of his depth as well as overwhelmed by the happenstance of his pregnancy. He now has to live with the vulnerability that comes with it for the upcoming months and he cannot do a thing about it."
“It’s normal, it is only normal,” he coaxes Sherlock, closing the toilet seat and sitting him down.  He takes his hands and crouches in front of him.  “Did you have any contractions?”
Without waiting for the answer, Sherlock turns his back to Lestrade and walks up to the corridor at the end of the room.  When John asks anxiously if he needs help, he shakes his head.
"You want me to cover your eyes?" John jokes, counting the thirty-fifth yellow car passing on Baker Street.
John knows he is.  Just in case, though, he needs to say something. He stretches his left arm –the right refuses to cooperate, protesting by sending a sharp, fresh wave of pain all through John’s nervous system.  He holds back a moan and concentrates on his left hand.  The movement is clumsy and shaky, but he finally succeeds in grabbing a handful of Sherlock’s wet shirt.
"Of course, the colour is meant to look like blood, but it's ink.  I would guess... a permanent marker of a popular brand.  I need more insight."
This time, Sherlock tilts his hips slightly downward.  It seems to make a difference, because the baby’s head makes enough progress that John can see the fontanel pulsing, and a few vernix-covered hairs.  Sherlock’s groan transforms into a scream, harsh and unabashed.  He stops pushing, shaken by a sob.  “No, no, no, it hurts, it can’t be normal it hurts too much,” he cries, leaning into the hand Mycroft is using to caress his hair.
John shrugs. “Boys need to relax. All work and no play makes us all a bit edgy. We’d be very grateful if you helped us…to get off.”
The second set of stairs on the other side of the room leads up into the house, but Sherlock isn’t going there, not just yet. He isn’t tamed enough to be allowed into the living quarters. As for a tiled corner with a drain and a shower nozzle, he’ll get acquainted with it much sooner, if not right now.
In the end, Sholto and Muray vote for the first option. They can always gag Sherlock again, after all, if he’s too mouthy.
It must be a surprise for Sherlock that John’s hand travels further down, along his thigh, and lingers on the ticklish underside of his knee. John scraps it lightly with a nail. Sherlock tries to squirm away from the touch, but to no avail—he’s immobilised most efficiently. Snug leather straps, durable buckles. Murray should consider making dungeon furniture for sale.
John lingers for a moment, then grabs Sherlock by the waist and roughly pulls him close. They don’t usually kiss if it’s not in the rush of coupling, and it’s always more about claiming Sherlock’s mouth than being tender. Otherwise they get a bit embarrassed afterwards. But hugging is okay, Sherlock likes it. Now he lets out a shuddering breath against John’s shoulder, a sound between a sob and a laugh. “So we’re fine, I guess?”
It’s nice to slide both hands into the folds of the undone shirt and lay them on Sherlock’s waist. His flanks are well-toned and his chest is almost hairless. John wonders if his arse is also pleasantly smooth. Well, it won’t be long until they find out.
“Try to rhythmically clench and release your muscles,” John recommends, in his considerate doctor tone. He’s glad Sherlock is facing him. It’s most pleasing to watch for his reactions, to see the need and fear and resignation.
He reaches for his wallet, but John stops him. “Nah, not like that. We’ve discussed the matter with the boys—and we’ve decided that we want a different form of payment.”
“We should take pictures,” Murray suggests. “You said he’s got a website? If you post them, he’ll have a line-up of clients. Well, not of his usual kind, but you might make lots of money on him.”
world. If he only could, he’d keep Sherlock locked up in a dungeon forever, safe from any judgmental idiots, but things never work like that, do they?
happy about this Irene Adler situation, despite his best efforts to do what’s right, just this once.
, bursting with energy, hungry for action, not simply enduring what life brings him, passively and apathetically. John can’t hold back a thought—is he partially to blame that Sherlock isn’t the way he used to be?
Sherlock looks at him, uncomprehending. Oh. With all this talking, he seems to have forgotten that the game is still on. Well, they need to remind him then. His daring escape has been useless since he hasn’t really got away.
“I’m not upset,” John murmurs and heaves a sigh because he has little hope that Sherlock won’t pursue this theme further.
“I got a new identity, but I was to be summoned if my services were needed, to repay for a favour to a certain person.”
“I shouldn’t have left you alone when you were bound,” John says after a pause. It’s not the only thing that worries him, but at least one of them.
Sherlock ponders if John should look happy now that the baby is born. He doesn’t look happy, not entirely. Maybe he’s just tired. But Mary is tired, too, yet she’s more relaxed than she has ever been.
?” she inquires. And adds more hesitantly, “Are we still good?” Though it’s probably a funny way to put it.
“I’m afraid the next round might hurt,” John warns him. “It’s one of the clients you’ve rebuffed before. He still wants you, but he also wants a compensation, of a sort, for you being rude. He’ll whip your hole before fucking you, okay? Just you hole, nothing else. Twenty strokes. I’ll lend him your riding crop. Yeah, it’ll be a bit harsh, but you were really quite rude to him, so don’t complain. It’s only fair. I expect you to take your lesson stoically.”
Massages became a regular occurrence, even though Sherlock quickly got used to the new standards and rarely got so sore anymore. But secretly he did like to have John take care of him, so he just shrugged and nodded every time John offered to massage him. Of course John knew this, so he made sure they would have time every Saturday morning for that.
After the dead sheep that had caused a minor biohazard, Sherlock knew that whenever he let he landlady in the flat, checking the kitchen would always be the first thing she'd do.
"Hmh? Have you seen your arm? No, you go rest, I was going to do this myself anyway." John pulled out the bag of wheat flour that he had managed to keep hidden from Sherlock so it was usable. As he turned to pick up the eggs from the cupboard, he nearly ran into Sherlock who was already holding the container.
"You seriously think so?" His voice sounded unexpectedly small and a tiny flutter of irritation at the lack of control crossed his mind. Even if this man was his soulmate it was no reason to start with
This morning John did wake up to a sore neck. He'd been laying on top of Sherlock, lightly drooling on his shirt.
“The bed,” John gasped in between kisses, sliding one hand to squeeze Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock nodded, biting John’s bottom lip gently before lifting him up and carried him the few short steps to the bed.
John looked down and saw Sherlock actually take a while to taste his cum before swallowing. "I hope you didn't genuinely think I wouldn't recognise it," he purred and licked his lips, now letting go of John’s hips. "Though it's not nearly as good when it's cold."
After they pulled apart, John rushed to pull the suit on, and they got into the taxi. Sherlock directed the driver to The London Coliseum, and John immediately frowned.
John climbed the stairs and found the bedroom had indeed been cleaned. He had to thank Mrs. Hudson later. First he got out his gun and placed it in the drawers next to the bed. It was always the first thing he did so it would be easy to find when needed. His clothes and the few towels and sheets he'd brought with him were quickly sorted in the closets as well as his other possessions, but John spent almost thirty minutes just sitting on the bed and looking around, getting used to the feeling of the space.
“Oh, nothing,” John grinned, lowering the pile of fabrics he was currently carrying. “You just look very good when dancing on the stage.”
He knew Sherlock didn’t have that much extra money to spend on his ballet attire, so every new piece of clothing was considered closely. Plus, the new black slippers matched his old tights well, “making his legs look even longer” like Mrs. Hudson had said. John had agreed vigorously.
“This is a bit more than just a bit, you’re a saint. Now, Sherlock’s of course going to try everything too, right?” At that, they started to pile their plates.
"I have no idea what you mean." John chuckles and bends forward to kiss Sherlock's neck, the caress turning into a bite when Sherlock lifts a hand to hold him still.
"So you got all that because you realised the case would be pink? That's brilliant." The man had the same slightly flustered look that he did when John last complimented him. "So what's going to happen now?"
John pushed his almost empty fork in his mouth and decided to focus on keeping his mouth stuffed with pizza for a while. He had managed to make such a fool of himself, he wasn't sure if he could ever trust his mouth again.
Before John could say anything in return, the door they had almost reached flew open and Sherlock Holmes stared at them at the top of the stairs. The man looked completely baffled for a second before composing himself again. Then his eyes raked over John's form and the doctor was positive he was doing his brilliant thing again.
“I will, promise. It’ll be worth it, you are already brilliant. Make sure she knows how you do your best.”
Now that Christmas was almost there, John found himself nervous again for the first time in a long while. He actually had no idea what to buy for Sherlock, but it had to be special. The detective had begun to get insecure about their relationship again, John could tell, because the amount of body parts in the fridge had been alarmingly low lately.
Mrs. Hudson immediately headed for the kitchen and was tutting at Sherlock in no time. "Oh Sherlock, the mess you've made."
Sherlock lifted his gaze and they both burst out in giggles. When the laughter died off, Sherlock sighed again and looked at John. “But, seriously… You think I should do it?” He asked softly. John could see that Sherlock was really interested in trying it out, and he nodded.
But John would walk up to him, pick up Sherlock’s feet and sit down. Then he’d start to massage them slowly, all Sherlock’s cranky mood melting away as John warmed up his calves and stretched his toes one by one carefully.
“Alright, let’s get up,” John chuckled, pulling back and getting up, heading straight to the bathroom. Sherlock let out a louder protest, hastily following John which earned him a shared shower.
Technically, John got him the date. Sherlock hadn’t actually contacted the dance studio owner himself yet, letting John take care of the pleasantries for him (well, he really was afraid he’d say something Not Good and then his chance would be gone).
“It’s fine if you don’t want to – I should’ve actually told you first, before telling anyone else,” Sherlock mumbled, glancing at the direction of the cottage. “I just… I’ve sort of always wanted to keep bees, it was a back-up plan if something happened and I couldn’t – well, but then I thought. Um, we’re going to have to retire one day, don’t we?”
“He used some kind of drug, you slept for at least twelve hours.” John reached to steady him, a solid hand on his shoulder. The detective just grunted, irritated with himself.
Sherlock is sitting on the floor, his upper body lying heavily on the closed toilet lid.  His body is plagued by tremors, and soft moans of pain escape him.  Louisa is putting a towel on his neck.  "It's cold," she warns, "but it will feel good."  Sherlock nods, turning his head to the side, toward his mother, toward John.  His eyes are shut tight, his mouth quirked in a grimace of pain.  He yelps when the cold towel gets into contact with his skin, but Louisa shushes him softly, rubbing at his back, and after a few seconds, Sherlock stops shaking.
John was eager to check Sherlock’s dilatation, as soon as they were back.  Sherlock had been reluctant, and John can guess why.  He doesn’t want to know.  He’s scared that the labour is going too fast for help to arrive in time.  John gets it, god, does he, but it’s no use to be in denial.
Sherlock bends down and steals a kiss, short and dirty, licking the whole surface of John's lips. He knows damn well how much it turns John's on.
It seems that all of their friends and family have consulted each other and decided the end of May was the best moment to send their gifts and congratulations cards.  Sherlock had been clear with John, at the very beginning of the pregnancy, that there would be no baby shower. Because it implied a
Mycroft lets it go and pours two glasses of wine for John and him.  John takes a long sip. He’s never seen the older Holmes so relaxed.  It’s a bit off putting: like how you feel as a kid when you meet a teacher during the weekend at the shops, dressed in jeans and a Beatles t-shirt and drinking a slushie. The first time always hit you hard, when you go through the startling realisation that teachers actually have a life outside of school, and do not go around wearing the uniform and asking people to raise their hand before speaking.
"Ha. Ha.  You want me to help with your fears, I will.  I just need more than three seconds to make up a plan."
“If the amniotic sac is ruptured, we need to leave now, there is the risk of the baby having moved down and compressing the umbilical cord, albeit it is not very common, but the more we wait the more chance there is for an infection to develop, my uterus isn’t protected by the amniotic pouch anymore.  This... oh, this is all wrong, John.  I was supposed to wait, wait at home as long as possible.  With you.  Away from all those nurses and doctors and machines, but now we can’t, and besides, this is not home, not like Baker Street... Mrs. Hudson is supposed to be there and come every once in a while to ask how I’m doing until I snap at her and say something impolite, and you... you are supposed to call everyone and to take care of me and before we have to leave for the hospital we have a few hours just for ourselves and...”
"Can we discuss this on the way home?" John asks, letting go of Sherlock's arms.  He wants him to eat and to rest.  The hardest part of the conversation seems to be over, and the doctor in John reminds him to get his priority straight.
And John thinks he isn't the only one realising how significant those moments Sherlock has decided to share with his mother are.
It was meant to sound lighter, almost as a joke, but it doesn't, at least to John's ears.  Sherlock nods, though, and closes himself completely.
Leave it to Sherlock to say such lovely words, like whispered secrets, when they are like that.  He's more romantic than John will ever be, because he doesn't know how to be otherwise.
At lost for words, Sherlock begins to play with the lever of the adjusting table.  "That is a very... hum... ingenious system..."
It is easy to call Sherlock a child, given his impulsiveness, lack of manners, ignorance of most social codes and temper tantrums, which are impressive as they are usually due to a seemingly insignificant reason.  If John is persuaded a certain level of emotional immaturity can be held accountable, he knows Sherlock too well to limit his perception to that.  It would be a mistake to forget that he has a genius brain, a brilliant mind capable of accomplishments most people can only dream of.  Therefore, John is always irritated with people who refer to Sherlock as a child, but he isn't above acting accordingly when necessary.  The only difference is that he never allows himself to forget it is only one side of an incredibly complex shape.
He stands up and immediately grabs at John's shoulder, oscillating from one foot to the other.  "I'm ok, headrush, is all," he murmurs quickly before John can protest.
Their mother's sister had moved to Scotland when she married, but they had always stayed close.  John and Harry used to visit often during the summer, or the winter holidays.  Those are such happy memories.  John's father would stay back in England, refusing to take even a day off work, and the absence of his cold, crushing presence was like a balm, each time they were away.  John's mother would relax and smile; Harry would be less combative, as even at a young age, she was always waiting for the next confrontation, picking fights with Henry Watson on everything, all the time.  As for John, it was a wonderful feeling, being away.  He then would allow himself to be a kid, just a kid, without the weight of unreachable expectation, impossible standards.  And he's getting way too emotional now.  As much as he tries to fight it, he is touched by Harry's gesture.  It is also nice to know she is with family. It usually means she tries to stay away from booze.
"You aren't helping Molly, you are running away from me.  Don't make me spell it out to you, please.  You have to eat.  You have to get some rest.  It isn't just about you anymore, Sherlock, even though we've been acting that way for the past couple of weeks, the baby is still there, you know."
A few minutes later, John follows Sherlock in the sitting room and helps him settle on the sofa close to the fire. It’s been Sherlock favourite place to rest since they had arrived, because of the way it is shaped, like a Victorian settee, or a chaise-longue, with a tall armrest to one side and completely opened on the other.  Sherlock can stretch his legs without feeling trapped, and the armrest is high enough that he can lie down in a half-sitting position, which does wonder for his gastric reflux.
"Naturally, we will also have to child-proof the flat," Sherlock mumbles to himself, using John's hip as a lever to stand up.
John nods and clears his throat before it locks, blinking to chase the stinging sensation in his eyes.  Louisa looks away and tries to dry her eyes without John noticing.
Sherlock is quick to twist himself to the side, so he can let his head rest on John’s shoulder.  “Nothing of the sort.  I just feel like having you close.”
"Don't be so obtuse.  First, there is no telling the red head will be there: remember, it isn't a structured program, we might be with an entirely new set of couples.  Second, we need that class."
Sherlock has the time to punch John's shoulder and give him another affronted look before they enter the building.  "Do not call me your good boy in public.  You know the er... effect it has on me."
Up until then, John had thought the only reason Sherlock would hesitate was the fear that John might have a different opinion.
“Yes, really.  If you want to wait a little you can close the cottage.   If you’re following us, we’ll leave in ten minutes.”
I am a nurse, and I give a lot of details when I write about ilnesses and hospital scenes. Even for a mpreg AU, I try to make those scenes as realistic as possible.
Following the shot, for a fraction of a second there is absolute silence, and that moment seems to last forever, frozen in its own time.
Sherlock nods, closing his eyes for a second.  "A bird, trapped into your hand, just the brush of a feather."
They are in the middle of a contraction that has Sherlock groaning and moaning like an animal.  He ends the push on a sob.  John can see Mycroft wiping tears away from his face, murmuring something to his ear.  Sherlock’s whole body is trembling from exhaustion.
"Of course not," Sherlock replies harshly, as if the question is a personal attack to his intellect.  "There was a first time, around the eighth week, when it started showing, but apparently a second adjustment was needed."
Sherlock nods and, even though he doesn't relax just yet, his eyes lock with John's.  He lifts a shaking hand and run his long fingers in John's damp hair.
Sherlock nods, but once again, embarrassment stains his cheeks, deep red. John is about to comfort him when another contraction begins.
"No, not this time. It will grow back, darling.” John reassures him. “You'll have your usual longer curls in no time.  But meanwhile, I think you look just fine."
John knows what Mycroft is thinking, and it implies things going really, really badly for Sherlock. He's glad the other man does not finish his thought - glad but irritated that Mycroft is already expecting the worse.  Anger at the situation they find themselves in rises quickly from the pit of his stomach.  It's so unfair, for Sherlock.  Haven't they been through enough, or is the universe still needing to prove something to the genius he created, just to watch him struggle?  He
"Now I can think of so many things to do to this very," he plants a kiss on the soft nape, "very", another kiss, "sexy neck."
John shakes his head.  He had been almost certain he wouldn't be able to feel it, just as Sherlock said; it is still pretty early, and besides, he isn't disappointed.  He just has to look at Sherlock's face to feel the same excitement.  Sherlock is blushing red, looking adorably confused.
Feeling a bit like an arse, John stretches his hand and lets it rest on Sherlock's belly, making him tense briefly in surprise as he comes back from inside his head - with regrets, if his expression is any indication.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and lifts his chin, emphasising both just for show, but allows John's scrutiny. He takes Sherlock's chin with a hand, running the fingers of the other through Sherlock's curls.  Then he grabs them and tugs on it softly.
John takes a long look at Sherlock.  "You do not usually get involved in the consequences of a case, on what solving it really means for the people implicated."
Oh!  John slides to the side of the bed and stands up, a bit wobbly on his feet.  He gives Sherlock a quick once over.  He’s wearing the clothes he had on yesterday evening, which means he must have slept through the night on the chaise-longue, or else he would have changed into his pyjamas.  He doesn’t appear to be in pain, holds himself straight, and his pallor hasn’t worsened.  He looks more scared than in pain.
“Is there something I still don’t know about you either?” she asks, but it’s okay if he doesn’t answer. She doesn’t need to know his past. One secret more, one secret less—it’s really of little importance.
John expects Sherlock to snarl at his own stupidity, at having been so gullible, but the reaction that follows catches him unawares. It takes John a few seconds to understand that Sherlock isn’t just mortified. He’s shaking, shivering uncontrollably.
When they come to the stairs, it’s most amusing, the way Sherlock moves even more timorously, measuring each step, cautious not to stumble downwards. The butt plug must cause him discomfort, rubbing his insides at a different angle as he crawls down the stairs. John doesn’t hurry him until they reach the bottom, so that he doesn't trip up and fall, but after that, the riding crop comes into play again because Sherlock is too slow. Even slower, the nearer they get. John almost has to drag Sherlock forward, encouraging him with heartfelt swats.
Sherlock reaches out for them through the metal bars and studies the pinchy things with apprehensive curiosity.
John unclasps Sherlock’s belt, pulls it out, and drops it onto the floor. “It’s very reasonable of you that you don’t call for help,” he says. “Firstly, we don’t like shouting, right, boys? We all tend to get a bit nervous, especially Major Sholto, and it never bodes well. Secondly, no one will come anyway, not in a place like this.”
The floor around the breeding stand is littered with spent condoms. John will get rid of them later. He’ll deal with Sherlock first.
Sherlock with Mary. There are three of them—partners, lovers, whatever. Of course John spends more time with Mary because they’re married and have a baby. Sherlock had agreed to it, and Mary too. But it doesn’t mean that Sherlock can be neglected when he’s unwell.
John feels sorry for him. Sherlock’s customary diplomacy and tact are notorious, but at least he could thank Greg for taking the trouble and driving all the way to Sussex on his day off.
“Mmm, why don’t we have a bet?” Sherlock suggests. “If John wins the fight, you’ll breed him with your precious Anthea. I’m sure she’ll enjoy it. John’s quite well endowed.”
Sherlock makes a mewling sound, not exactly of a protesting kind this time, as Murray rims the stretched flesh around his hole with a thumb.
Mary is simply glad everyone is gone. It’s just her and John and Rosamund Mary. A family. Maybe not an ideal one, but still a family. There are things they will never share, but those are in the past. She hopes so.
John forces Sherlock’s legs wide apart and straps them to the sides of the base, leaving him open. Now Sherlock is securely locked in place, unable to change his position, his arse up high.
He taps at the upturned sole of Sherlock’s foot, making him twitch. Reminding of a punishment is never a bad idea either.
He’s not sure that he’s doing the right thing, initiating something sexual, but it’s always that way with him.
“Moron,” Sherlock mutters, audibly this time, when the heavy door closes behind his brother, and John gives Sherlock’s jeans-clad arse a light spank for his rudeness.
Sherlock hasn’t touched himself yet, waiting for John’s permission, and now he’s overeager to obey, driven to the point where no dignity is left. The awareness that Sherlock is so full of him is thrilling by itself, but seeing how turned on he is…it almost makes John spill in his pants. It’s more than intimate, feeling the spasms of Sherlock’s orgasm from the inside of his body. It’s like being one with him.
It sounds so bitter, so caustic. Mary couldn’t imagine John held so much resentment for Sherlock. He’d never spoken like that before.
“And if I’m not your friend anymore, what I am, then?” John asks in a quieter voice. He doesn’t add,
He reaches out and puts a hand on top of hers. In the corner of her eye, she sees Sherlock in the shadows, his hands clasped in his lap and his head lowered. This reunion must pain him, and yet he promises, resolutely, “I will keep you safe.”
He suddenly catches her hand. “Um. Mary, listen…I’m not good at making speeches, but…you know I’m not the man you thought I was; I’m not that guy. I never could be. But who you thought I was...is the man who I want to be. If it makes sense to you.”
“Much better,” he nods approvingly. “Major, I believe you happen to have a webbing belt, nice and heavy. We could make use of it. And then we’ll all have breakfast, like we were planning to. If you were well behaved, Sherlock, we could have hand-fed you, but now you’ll have to eat on the floor, from a dog bowl. And you’re going to lick it clean. No rejecting food, like you usually do.”
John isn’t good at difficult conversations, so he starts from afar. “Now people will definitely talk if Greg blurts something out. Not on purpose of course, but…”
Not even a minute passes before Mary parks the car opposite the club, beside a streetlight, and John congratulates himself on perfect timing. He hadn’t even had to text her to say they’d stopped too early and she didn’t have to come and pick them up. Not everything had gone as intended, but they’d finished exactly when planned after all.
“Don’t be stupid,” John says as he continues to unbutton Sherlock’s shirt. “You’re not going anywhere.”
Meanwhile, John turns his attention to Anthea, sniffing the air and tugging at his leash to get closer to her. He wriggles his arse, which is probably meant as wagging his tail. He actually does have a tail, attached to a butt plug, but it’s too short to wag it properly.
“If that’s your nice way of saying that I’m a freak, thanks, I know it myself. Only a freak could have arranged something like that to lose his virginity. A fake rape. And even paid for it.”
On the whole, extracting Sherlock from a quiet B&B in the middle of the night has been hugely entertaining, at least for the abductors. A boost of adrenaline after a long stretch of mundane, uneventful life. Due to his connection to Sherlock Holmes, John has had more activity recently than either of his army buddies, which included lots of running around London, a few fights, and even some shooting. So he can’t begrudge Sholto and Murray for wishing to have an adventure. Dropping Sherlock twice on their way to the car was careless of course, but oh well, it wouldn’t have happened if Sherlock had stopped squirming, so it’s partly his own fault.
“Do I have to muzzle you, so that you don’t say something inappropriate again? Or will you keep your mouth shut?”
“Statistically unlikely. I’m not a pleasant person to deal with. I’m prone to bossing people around. Saying unpleasant things. You must have noticed during our negotiations.”
Mycroft sighs, theatrically. “Always so aggressive. You could be just a tiny bit grateful for my help. Regrettably, politeness has never been at the top of your priorities. John must appreciate your other…valuable qualities, having tolerated you for so long.”
He might not have been kind to others, but with her—it’s true, he’s always tried his best to be a good husband.
John doesn’t need Sherlock’s deductive skills to understand what Sherlock wants to ask and doesn’t quite dare to. Once, John had made a promise. He’d told Sherlock he’d never share him with anyone else, not again. But Sherlock must know all too well that it’s John who invents the rules and changes them if something isn’t to his liking.
John turns to Sholto. “I think we should spell ‘cum dumpster’ on his forehead. It’ll look good on him.”
John looks pensive for a moment, clearly not sure it’s a good idea, then says, “Fine. Do as you wish. But don’t expect him to still be your friend. We’re just even with him, that’s all. They’re not going to invite us to Baker Street for dinner some day or babysit for us while we’re on holiday.”
Okay, she is jealous, let’s admit it. She has been for a long time, maybe right from the start. It’s not like John has ever given her a reason for that. He never looks at Sherlock in a suspicious way as if there were something more than friendship between them. But it’s the way
The cellar was cluttered with all kinds of rubbish left from generations of previous owners, but Murray helped Sholto to clear it out a bit. They kept back some things, though. The ones that might still be of use. The most prominent of them is a crude timber table, a large, sturdy frame that Murray has perfected by attaching restraints to it. Maybe this piece of furniture won’t get any awards at a design exhibition, but it will hold even if someone strapped to it starts thrashing about, which is much more important. Sholto also has chosen to keep a wire dog crate, and Murray has fixed the lock on it. He’s good at that kind of work, repairing and building things. Also, there are sturdy hooks and metal rings fastened to the walls on various levels—Murray’s doing as well—and shelves with, for lack of a more precise word, equipment. The only brand new item is a leather sling hanging from the ceiling. It’s John’s gift.
The cellar is small and dimly lit, nothing too fancy, but John is pleased with the effect it has on Sherlock—he staggers on the last step, and his stoic countenance crumples for a moment. He casts a quick glance back, but of course he won’t have a chance at a run to the garage.
“I am sorry,” he says again, head bowed, hands now clasped in his lap. A picture of remorse. “I thought you were already disappointed. It’s my fault that we’ve stopped. I just wish to make it up to you. Forgive me?”
Mary huffs in response. John wonders if that means she’ll eventually concede, or will she insist on taking him home after they drop Sherlock at Baker Street?
Sherlock saves him from trying to answer obviously rhetorical questions, both Sherlock’s and his own. He pulls the sheet tighter around his shoulders, as if he’s cold, and says in a more measured tone, though it still sounds strained, “Look. I understand you meant well. Probably. But don’t do that again. As far as I remember, I once said I never begged for mercy, but here I am. Begging you. Don’t push me to…other people. It’s not helping, providing me with substitutes.”
“You are good at this,” he tells Mycroft, and his voice might sound a little more admiring than he wished.  Too bad. “Being a host.”
him.  And how scary it must have been, jumping into the unknown, living in the fear that human interactions, sentiment, would always remain an enigma. John had promised himself, early on, that he would always guide Sherlock through it, and never take advantage of his naivety and ignorance.
A discreet throat clearing stops them just as their lips touch.  Sherlock rolls his eyes and looks at Mycroft, waiting politely while leaning on his umbrella.
"You're not listening to me," John all but growls.  This time, he does stand up, and doesn't give Sherlock the chance to retreat further, as he is a few steps away from his room. No evasion and silent brooding, John decides, walking toward Sherlock who backs up until his back hits the wall.
John's mind makes a strange association, bringing back to the surface the other matter that makes him so exasperated with Mycroft.  Today is not the time to discuss it.  Nevertheless, he cannot help himself.
Oh yes, it does make John happy.  Choosing the colour turns out to be simple, since Sherlock accepts the first one John suggests, which is a soft shade of lavender with a tad of lilac in it.
"Well," Sherlock sighs and looks at him as if he's a dumb five-year-old.  "It is preferable to be able to hold it than to warn a killer you're spying at him from the closet by sneezing as loud as you do."
Looking down at him, he inhales sharply.  He has never seen Sherlock in such a state, with his hair messy, standing up in every direction; his face a deep, dark pink, his lips trembling.  And his mouth, swollen, with that incredibly sexy cupid’s bow standing out against pale skin, a trail of saliva on his chin.  Sherlock is still panting.  He can’t seem to stop staring at John, his eyes looking like they’ve changed colours, with the blown pupils making them so much darker.  He blinks, several times.  He seems to not know what to do with his hands - they roam all over John’s back and sides, pressing here and there, then caressing lightly.
John wakes up in a jolt, ready to intervene.  Sherlock has the particular tone he uses when snapping at someone.  It's not only filled with anger but so deep it is practically rumbling - Sherlock knows how to use his baritone voice to his advantage.  It's usually the moment when John tries to calm things down before he has to deal with a police intern crying his eyes out or Sherlock deciding the whole New Scotland Yard needs to be reminded how incompetent they are.
Sherlock looks at him for what seems like a whole minute, then nods. “You’re an idiot,” he replies, finally.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, plants a very, very stiff smile on his face and leaves John to deal with the luggage, straightening his shoulders and back as if he's about to go into battle, and not into his mother's open arms.  From the distance, John can still see his face turning bright red when he's tucked into a hug.  John smiles and returns to the luggage and wrapped presents, balancing their weight between both his arms.
"The fun part, " Sherlock answers.  He tilts his head to kiss John's ear shell, delicately, knowing how sensitive that particular spot is.  "I wonder, though, if you'll get through our first medical appointment without going into shock."
"I am very bad at taking free time.  Gives me too much time to think, and not much to think of," Sherlock explains, the nervous edge to his voice still present.  "John, I... I don't know if I can get away from it.  The Work.  This is my dilemma.  It should be quite easy.  Exposing you to any sort of unnecessary danger is out of the question.  Therefore, ending my collaboration with New Scotland Yard and private clients is the way to go.  I have changed."
John has no way of knowing if the face off with Moriarty is responsible for it, but there is something different about Sherlock ever since that night.  It began right after, and as days, then weeks, go by, John begins to think the subtle changes are there to stay.  Which isn't a bad thing.
John stays in his spot from where he can see the scene unfold.  They hadn't talked at all about the best way and time to share the news, but knowing Sherlock, John had guessed it was probably a source of anxiety for him, and that he would postpone it as much as possible -at least until he has reached the three-month mark, as is usual for pregnant women.  If women are more at risk of a miscarriage during those first three months, carriers' risks are even greater, going from a vague ten to twenty percent (considering all the occurrences where the pregnancy wasn't even "discovered" yet in the very beginning) to a solid 25 percent for carriers, and in this case, only the treated or declared miscarriages are taken into account.  It is common belief, amongst scientists, that the mutation is still in the phase where it needs to perfect itself, slowly, from one generation to the other
“Yes, she is.  Of course she is.  Come on, now, you don’t have to wait for another contraction, come on, push her out.”
John can feel tension gradually leaving Sherlock's body. He moves his hand, feeling around Sherlock's belly, wondering if he can get away with reaching for his ribs to evaluate a potential weight gain (it's ridiculous, John knows, it's too soon, and it is becoming a compulsion he can't quite control) when something makes him change his mind.  It is there, despite the hollowness of Sherlock's stomach, right below his navel.  A firm, small swell, very discreet but unmistakable.  John runs his fingers all around it, his breath cut short.
Mycroft nods, unable to look at him in the eyes.  He's waiting for Sherlock's reaction, drawing spiral patterns on the floor with his umbrella.
"I know that," Sherlock answers quickly.  "But it seems that each time I succeed in establishing certain parameters something happens that proves them wrong."
Well, there is the reason he had seemed so troubled.  How can he not, when he's just discovered the corpse is one of a new mother?  Lestrade seems to have come to the same conclusion, because he gives John a contrite look.
Sherlock turns reluctantly toward him, keeping his arms crossed over his chest.  He is staring at the floor with what seems to be great concentration.
Just know that, when the wait for a new chapter stretches, it is not because I don't care about my small readership.  It is because frankly, these days, I have a very shi**y personal life.  I hope this situation won't discourage you from reading, because I writing Sherlock is bringing me a lot of joy, it's an escape, and I desperately need it.  New chapter coming soon, thank you all for your patience
“It will eat at him from the inside,” Mycroft says, staring into nothingness.  “He thinks he can remain in control, but then he will realize it’s impossible.  It will distract him from The Work.  And The Work is what saved him in the first place.  I can’t allow it.  Sherlock needs it, it’s a question of mental health.   You might think I exaggerate but it is the truth.  I don't believe Sherlock would still be alive if he hadn’t discovered his detective work was better than drugs."
The noise of the helicopter is getting closer.  Sherlock tightens his hold on their baby, as if she needs protection.  “Wouldn’t it be nice,” he adds, “if we could just stay here?  I mean, it wasn’t that long ago that women would give birth in their home.  Some still do, as a matter-of-fact.  And besides, nowadays, the average hospital stay after giving birth is two point five days, to monitor the parent’s and baby’s health mostly, which you could do, John.”
Seemed funny back then.  Now, as it often happens when they are on a case that is supposed to be simple, things are going downhill, quickly.
"Alright.  All I'm saying is that what you are going through, most pregnant people experience it as well.  Of course you're scared of something going wrong, of being in pain.  A labour is something huge, there is no human experience quite like it, and it's something you've never done before.  As for your fear of dying -well, fearing death isn't a simple black and white matter.  Right?  I mean... You are part of a family now; of course your perspective is changing.  You want to be there for your daughter.  It's the most natural thing in the world."
"I asked the medical examiner to send me a picture to verify my theory.  This was sent ten minutes ago."
“Good.  He looks exhausted,” Mycroft answers, then sits in front of John.  He has an open, worried expression, and it is strange to see it on a face that’s usually so neutral.
Afterwards, they lay quietly, spooning, John's hand resting on Sherlock's belly.   It has become difficult for him to fall asleep unless he’s in contact, skin to skin, with Sherlock's stomach, and their daughter inside of him. Sherlock is the first one to fall asleep, no doubt tired by their day, because he might feel great, and full of energy, but he is tiring way faster than he used to.  He has a practically normal sleeping schedule now.  John intends for it to stay that way as long as possible.  Resting while you can is probably the most useful advice you can give parents-to-be.
That is, as long as the dream doesn't come back; which, as it is caused by Sherlock's current state, is completely out of John's control.
There will be one last part after part six, coming soon, going more deeply into the aftermaths of Sage's birth.
"Well, I know it can be scary but as for myself, I think those are things you have to settle before taking the decision to have a baby.  That is why I am so confident and well prepared.  There is nothing more natural than birth.  A lot of people want us to believe we women are too weak to go through it without the help of modern medicine, but isn't it more of a question of determination and personal strength?  Yes, there are women who aren't made to have children, because they miss that strength, and maybe they shouldn't.”
He sits up, with John’s help, and takes a deep breath.  "Oh, something has definitely changed,” he points out, wiggling his hips. “I feel her differently.”
“It will be too late by then,” John whispers back.  “But I am glad there will be someone competent here for Sherlock and the baby.”
Sherlock's mouth hangs open for two long seconds.  He closes it, frowns.  "I don’t know," he admits, uncertain.  "Did I... did you... are we fighting?  Have I done or said something awful to upset you?
Sherlock, after a false start that has John catch his waist before he lands back on the couch, makes his way slowly, in that adorable -in John's opinion, at least- slightly waddled gait that is now his.  "It is barely worth of mentioning.  I have not become a better person.  I am forced to consider that my life goes on par with our daughter's," he dismisses it, opening the fridge.  "My own life does not belong to me, John, that is what I learned, if you want honesty.  Wasn't there some Chinese leftover?”
The other man dismisses him.  Instead of going, though, he takes a cigarette packet out of his pocket and lights up one, breathing in deep the first puff with a satisfied expression on his face, just like Sherlock does.
"So, he says, smiling at John.  "The results are unquestionable.  Anyway, I had been seventy-five percent certain of the outcome beforehand.  I know my cycles well enough."
"Now, I think you might be able to get some sleep, which you have been unable to in the past two days.  You should take the opportunity, while you don't have my brother to deal with.  As for myself, I will approach the problem differently.  I believe it is time for me to do some legwork, as much as I despise it."
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow without opening his eyes.  A shiver runs through him, and John smiles.  The massage is getting to him.
“I cannot help it,” Sherlock hisses.  “I know it’s not rational.  So stop trying to reassure me with your stupid stories.  What’s next? That first time you did it and I peed all over your face?  Mummy is so fond of that memory.”
John wets his lips and brings his mouth to Sherlock's cock.  He licks the light pink head, tracing the mushroom-shape contours and then tickling the slit, which immediately releases several drops of precome.
John is quick to take off his last shoe.  Sherlock's vomiting spells have become, over time, extremely painful.  His chest muscles are constantly sore, his oesophagus burns.  It's not uncommon for him to be physically unable to stand up, several minutes after.
It seems ao3 wants to mess with me today.  The first time I posted the chapter, it repeated itself twice. Luckily, a reader pointed it out.  I tried again, and then found out that there were three copies of the chapter.  I decided to start from scratch, and it seems to have worked.  I check twice, and you guys have the whole chapter, only once.  However, if anyone finds out that it decided to double itself again, please do not hesitate to tell me so that I can fix it.
"Maybe," Sherlock admits.  He lifts a hand to stop John from speaking.  "And if you want to explain again to me how I should take better care of my transport, I'll pass, thank you.  I do think I caught cold, and it's annoying, and yes, you genius, I sneezed.  Now can we change the subject?"
He presses the open wet hole a little firmer, and that does it.  Sherlock shakes violently and begins to tense, humping John's groin quick and uneven.  His back bends, just as his legs stretch, so tensed that they shake.
"I'm glad we agree," Sherlock answers playfully, all the while stretching his neck, ready for another kiss.
John doesn't have time to do what he says though, because suddenly, Sherlock stops moving altogether, his eyes opening wide and is mouth shaped on a silent "o".
He crouches and lifts a strand of ebony curls.  Sherlock breathes deep and long, his eyes scrunched tight.
Exhaustion seems to suddenly grasp Sherlock's body. He collapses onto John, finding what seems to be his favourite spot to lick at his neck, and begins to move his hips once more.
And then the pleasure overtakes him.  It's long, intense, a series of aftershocks that makes him fear they won't even stop.  Sherlock holds his penis still, his fingers coated in John's sperm.  He has a little satisfied smile, looking up at John.
They are crossing a pedestrian bridge over the Thames, one of the places in London Sherlock especially likes.  He lets go of John's hand and walks toward the side wall, leaning forward on it to look down at the quiet water.
Sherlock does, doubling his efforts, grunting low in his throat.  Once more, the shrivelled, pulsing skin of the baby is showing, and John works the rim of the birth canal.  The small circle showing the head is about the same circumference as a walnut.  They’re not there yet.
Luckily for them, the two-seater sofa Sherlock has been spending most of his nights on is close.  John feels Sherlock’s knees giving up, as he finds himself carrying most of his weight. Sherlock is collapsing, and John decides it is safer to slowly lower himself down with Sherlock, until they are both seated, although Sherlock is leaning heavily against him, panting, with each breath ending in a soft moan.
Sherlock moves from the window, not much, but just enough that, if John carefully takes a few steps forward, he could have a good profile.  All or nothing, he thinks, going for it.  Thank goodness, Sherlock's eyes are closed.  He doesn't move a lot, but still swings his hips softly with the rhythm.  John tries to time his picture not to have it blurred.  He will have one chance only and doesn't want to waste it.
to stop. He has no idea how long they've been on the bed together, but he knows the crying fit has the same violence, that it's not even close to abating. He finds his voice, finally.  He doesn't even know if the stream of reassuring nonsense that pours out of his mouth is getting to Sherlock, but he still goes on.  Telling him he's alright, that he's not alone, that John will never, ever leave him... He murmurs terms of endearments, repeats again and again how much he loves him.
. With “people”, he had added, grimacing.  John had played with the idea of ignoring his protests, and giving Molly the permission she had been impatient to have –that is, until the day he had seen Sherlock react to his and Mycroft’s gift.   Watching Sherlock so nervous and uneasy, just trying to react in a normal way to express his gratitude, had been a bit heart-breaking, for John.  Sherlock’s hatred of social events is well known, and most people take it as another quirk of an antisocial, pretentious genius -because that is what Sherlock wants them to think.  However, John isn’t fooled.  There is, underneath, a real sense of inadequacy, the fear of being incapable to behave “normally”, unable to understand the parameters of that normalcy. And that fear leaves him vulnerable to be hurt, or to hurt, unintentionally.
"You're an idiot" Sherlock grunts, annoyed.  He really does not like surprises, neither does he like receiving presents, mostly because it makes him so uneasy, as he tries to react accordingly to social norms and express his thankfulness.
Sherlock's defensive tone isn't hard to explain.  His libido has been quite low since he's hit his sixth month.  John thinks it is a mix of annoyance regarding his new-found clumsiness and hormonal fluctuation.  If it is a proven fact that pregnant people in their second trimester often experience a raise of their sexual desire, it can also have the opposite effect.  John has learned to let Sherlock initiate sex when he feels like it, because he has trouble refusing John, worrying about "not being enough" despite John's constant reassurance.   He hasn't made a big deal out of it, because it
They alternate between the cold cases and watching telly, playing board games - even Cluedo makes a come-back – and generally chatting.  John has discovered that, if Sherlock is in good spirits, and John seems sincerely interested, he can speak of a subject he's passionate about for more hours, as if his knowledge really is endless.  He does have a certain talent for telling tales, when he drops his usual condescending attitude he adopts when he needs to teach others.  Who can blame him, really, given that it happens mostly with police officers, ready to doubt him from the start.
When they go to bed that evening, Sherlock settles in his usual position, sitting on the side of the bed, his upper body bent forward with his hands on his thighs to support himself.  John sits behind him with the massage oil.  They've been doing this every night for the past month.  Sherlock's back is a constant source of discomfort, and he often suffers painful muscles spasms throughout the day, especially when he's sitting for too long.  The massages are the only thing that help him, and while John is happy to help him, his task is far from easy.  Sherlock might enjoy the massages just a bit too much, and he's not shy about voicing it out loud with unrestrained moans and grunts of satisfactions -and god his voice, so low and gravelly, it goes straight to John's cock.  He always ends up half hard and in need to calm himself down.  Sherlock's libido has seriously diminished.  He doesn't like the discomfort, neither does he like feeling exposed and vulnerable with his "gigantic, ridiculous stomach," as he says.  The last thing John wants is for him to feel pressure to engage in sex.
John explains in short sentences what happened back at the crime scene, and how they got to the hospital.  A hot paper cup of coffee is shoved in his hand, and it takes him a while to realize Anthea is the one who put it there.
"Property and material are useful, they do not hold importance in my mind, besides what I need them for, so please, do not be ridiculous."
John is glad, though, that Sherlock seems to be ready to take the matter into his own hands.  And before he can find a proper answer, Sherlock goes on.  "I'm... I'm scared of dying!  I never was before.  My own finality is inescapable, so why bother being scared of something inevitable.  Now I... not only do I fear death, but pain.  Pain is something I usually manage quite well, why on earth is it so often part of my dreams, a pain that is more of the kind of an ordeal.  It paralyses me and renders me unable to... to give birth to our daughter properly."
Something.  Something is wrong with his right arm. It feels too heavy, like it doesn’t belong to him anymore, but is just a pound of dead flesh attached to his body.
They go to bed early these days.  They took up the habit in Sussex, while John was recovering, and kept up with it.  Around ten, John gets ready to turn in.  Sherlock is already in bed, after an hour spent in the bath.  The hot water helps get his blood circulation going, which is good, given he doesn't move much through the day.
"I am... what, my bum?  Is this about sex?" Sherlock is back to outrage, staring at John with all the indignation he can gather.
It would be funny to see Sherlock waddle like a duck with his legs apart, if John wasn’t fighting hard a sudden bout of nausea –he always is nauseous when he’s about to panic.
"Jesus, John, I'll pay for that fashion nightmare you call a jumper if it matters so much.  Please don't act like a child."
“Keep breathing,” he tells Sherlock calmly.  “It hurts, I know, butthe important thingis to keep breathing evenly.”
Sherlock is the first to complain about the fact that they have skipped dinner, which is completely out-of-character, but John had noticed his appetite has improved recently.  He's so happy to hear him utter the simple sentence : "John you forgot to cook dinner" that he doesn't point out he could have done it himself. It is John's job, after all, one he took up with seriousness to make sure Sherlock feeds himself.
“Was that okay?” John asks, stroking Sherlock’s face with both his thumbs, rubbing little circles on the heated skin.
Despite his quietness, John knows he’s in a better mood now that Blair has been caught.  First, he had thought Sherlock had taken it quite well, being forced to travel to Sussex when he could go into labour any day, while letting Mycroft and Lestrade take care of Blair’s research without getting involved.  They had packed and left the next morning, the only person knowing where they were going being Amy Brown, who had immediately found the closest hospital in Sussex that could accommodate a carrier birth, just in case.  She had contacted the resident gyneco-androcologist and had assured them Sherlock would be in good hands.  Besides, St Mary’s hospital was only a little more than an hour away from London.  She had promised she would try to be there.
"It's just a nasty head cold," the man goes on. He checks the empty nebulizer and closes the oxygen valve on the wall.  "But Dr. Brown didn't want to take risks. Better safe than sorry, right?"
John's mind goes blank.  At least regarding Sherlock's question.  He doubts the solution normal people use to deal with psychological matters would be to Sherlock’s taste.
It seems to be exactly what Sherlock needs to hear.  John keeps working on his nipples, feeling him relax, even though he tenses back almost immediately, but this time, it is clear it's from arousal.   And when Sherlock's hands grip the sheets, John knows he's got him.  He's already well settled between Sherlock's parted legs.  He bends over him, arms on each side of his face, very careful not to touch his swollen sac by accident.  It's getting harder to hold this position, though, with Sherlock's belly in the way.  In the same time, it is incredibly erotic, for John, to feel it pressed against himself, catching the tip of his erect cock.  The intense sensation makes him conscious of his own arousal, and the amazing ball of heat growing in his belly
Sherlock lifts his head up.  He looks devastated, his skin covered in red blotches and white as a sheet in between.  His eyes are so swollen his irises are barely visible, clear snot is drying on his upper lip and tears, although fewer, still escape his eyes.  John takes off his jumper -let's be honest, it's already ruined- and cleans up Sherlock's face the best he can, smiling despite himself when Sherlock grabs the piece of cloth and presses it against his face, breathing in it.
This is in fact the first half of the chapter I am currently writing.  I was feeling a little guilty for the cliffhanger.  As a reader,  I find it is torture to wait for an update when a chapter ends in such dramatic fashion.  The idea came to me that the first part would work as a whole chapter and would shorten the waiting time for you.  My beta reader agreed and worked hard to have it done as quickly as possible.
Well, John can only speak for himself, of course, but Sherlock had never been shy about asking for some time alone, and he hadn't, not even once.  If anything, he's been more relaxed and happy than usual, even though things are strangely quiet with his work, as much with Scotland Yard as with private clients.  Of course, Sherlock needs to be... stimulated, constantly, or else his melancholy mood is quick to make a comeback, but it has been easier than usual, mostly because he hasn't played the spoiled brat and dismissed everything that wasn't related to his work.
John can understand, to a certain level, comparing it to his own experience.  It appears he, too, feels the urge to prepare mentally, which is barely an extension of his constant need to take care of and protect Sherlock.  It says a lot about their co-dependency.
Sherlock has fallen asleep, and John, can't stay awake any longer, even it means he has to stop looking at his relaxed silhouette.  The call of sleep is too urgent and strong.
"Why did you stop? Sherlock sounds annoyed, even half asleep.  "I quite enjoyed the way you were touching my back.  Very relaxing."
Sherlock had remained resolute.  Of course, John had snapped a couple of poses (alright, maybe a dozen) but most of them don't show Sherlock's belly, and the others have the face of a very unhappy detective in the middle of telling the photographer to piss off.
He's on his back in the alley, McMasters crouching over him like some kind of dominatrix.  Her hair tickles John's nose.
Soon, he has gotten rid of his shirt and is pressing his hands over his baby bump, his agile fingers stretching, moving slowly all over it, while sporting an intense concentrated look.  "I cannot be certain," he says after a short while, "but I think I can feel her bottom just over... come here, I'll show you."
"I won it in a poker game against a man I suspected of running a human trafficking faction here in London.  Turned out it wasn't him, but his cousin.  You'll remind me to tell you about the case one day, it is quite amusing despite the matter being anything but.  Anyhow, I did get the official papers of the property, but I forgot about it, until a year later, when I was called to Eastbourne to help solve a kidnapping case.  Since I was close by, I happened to drive by the place I owned and it turned out to be a cottage on the edge of the South Downs."
Sherlock folds the front of the nappy with long fingers, and now it is his elbow crushing the doll’s face.
“Yes, it is.  It is, Sherlock, but there are some techniques I can perform while we wait for help, it’s alright, I’m going to fix it.”
"We will not have any argument over it.  You haven't done anything wrong, neither did I.  Please.  I'm just bloody relieved to be alive, I don't want to ruin it, ok?"
Sherlock's mouth closes slowly.  He has a series of what John has come to think as his "anxiety blinks", and his lower lip not only shakes, but quirks back in a pout John is sure Sherlock doesn't do consciously.
to be.  For me.  It would have been, before...but now... I can't ignore my feelings like I used to."
"Stop, you are staring, and I know you think the moonlight suits me," Sherlock whispers, staring straight ahead.
John complies, giving special attention to the slit, which has Sherlock uttering "god damn it, John," his voice tense and high-pitched, the same way someone who's just hurt himself curses but tries to keep it down.  It goes straight to John's painfully hard cock, Sherlock cursing, even something as gentle as this, because it means Sherlock is definitely not in control anymore.  Probably doesn't even try to.  With a renewed enthusiasm, John swallows around Sherlock's cock, humming deep in his throat to add the vibrations to the pleasurable sensations.
A shower.  Showers since they first got together have changed. John remembers the first time he just jumped in while Sherlock was washing his hair with his expensive, peppermint-scented shampoo.  He remembers the unmanly squeak, the self-consciousness, and how it ended up with him leaning against the tile walls while Sherlock had given him his first blow job.
"John," Sherlock repeats, louder this time.  His mouth is quirked into a grimace and his eyes are moving rapidly under his eyelids.
Sherlock turns to look at him, frowning.  He's gloriously oblivious to his nakedness, his cock plump and rosy, already half hard.
The pressure on his chest is intolerable.  And then air is pushed into his mouth, something warm and wet covering it.
Amy Brown begins with the good news.  By then, Sherlock is wide awake -an androcologic examination will do that to you- and mostly back to himself, if somewhat quieter than usual.  It's no real surprise that the uterus cervix remains unmoved at one centimetre, but John still feels a weight leaving him, as he lets out a trembling breath he did not know he was holding.  He helps Sherlock out of the stirrups and covers his legs quickly, understanding how uncomfortable and uneasy he must feel -hell, John can honestly admit he's glad he's not the one in that position.
, Sherlock mumbles disdainfully), which occupies Sherlock for a whole hour.  John then pays a short visit to Greg at Scotland Yard, looking for something that might be of interest to Sherlock.  There is nothing new.
Louisa goes back to the album she was showing John, of a trip to Greece, where a lanky and already too pale Sherlock is shown at different sites looking... not bored, but moody.  His hair is cut very short, he has a cluster of pimples on his chin, and thin arms seemingly too long for his body.  John catches himself especially touched by those pictures.  Sherlock, just like any normal boy, had gone through that awkward adolescence phase.  John remembers how his own body had felt alien to him, and that morning-that-must-not-be-mentioned when his mother had caught him masturbating in a rugby sock.
Mycroft retreats to the kitchen, but John shakes his head.  “You’re too close to the delivery phase, I prefer to keep an easy access.”
Sherlock sniffs nervously and turns his head away from John, but he already saw the tears swelling in his eyes.  He waits for Sherlock to continue.  This feels like they are both walking on a tight rope and the smallest gust of wind could unbalance them.  Instead of stating some empty reassurance, he takes a step closer, so that their legs and hips are brushing.  His heart is breaking, hearing Sherlock admit to things he had suspected for a long time.
Sherlock answers by yawning, muffling it in the crook of John's neck.  "Let's just... stay like this a little bit," he proposes.
Louisa stretches to take a pile of pictures in front of Sherlock, abandoning the Greece travel in favour of Musgrave Hall, a family manor she and her brother inherited -Musgrave is Louisa's maiden name.
“I want you to get all the towels and sheets from the linen closet upstairs, and also the pillow from your room.  Use the oldest comforter and a sheet to cover the mattress in our room.  Get my medical kit in there and yes, boil some water.”
"I still think I am not fit to raise a child.  Our life is not one into which a child can be included. This isn't hesitation, it is just..."
“I think I broke one of your nipple clamps,” Sherlock adds apropos of nothing. “I had to take out the rubber nibs so the ends would be sharp. It was kind of… pretty. Bells and all that.”
But John isn’t there, of course he isn’t. And it’s good. Good. John shouldn’t see him like that. He’d be worried (wouldn’t he?), and it’s not fair, making him worried.
Sherlock shrugs stiffly. “I got caught breaking into a military base. They interrogated me. I don’t know for how long, exactly. The light was always on, I lost count of days.”
When Sherlock finally cries out, “John, please!”—it’s the signal they’ve been waiting for. The whipping ends, though Sholto continues to play with Sherlock’s hole, seemingly fascinated with it. John goes round the table and crouches down to see Sherlock’s face. Sherlock tries to turn away from him, unsuccessfully, to hide that his eyes are moist. Still not quite free of his pride, still worried what other people might think of him, even if they are absolute brutes.
John holds Sherlock firmly by the waist, so that he won’t stumble, confused and groggy as he is. Sherlock’s grey t-shirt has hiked up a little, and his pyjama bottoms hang low on his slim hips, so John’s palm rests on his naked flank. Sherlock’s bare feet make soft thumping sounds on the wooden stairs.
“Yeah, he’s here, I mean he’s around, but he’s… um… a little busy right now,” John blabbers. “Couldn’t you leave him a message or something? I’ll make sure he calls you later.” He realizes it’s a bit rude and suspicious, ushering Greg out just like that, so he adds, “Tea maybe? Sherlock won’t be back soon, but I feel bad letting you go after such a long trip.”
“Not a slut?” John wonders. “Just wait a bit, we’ll make you into one. How do we want him, lads? Back or front?”
Maybe it’s a wrong question to ask, though it’s seemingly innocent. But in the end, John can’t seem to stop himself.
Sholto closes the boot, and they shove Sherlock against the car, pin him down, bent over at the waist, his cheek plastered to the bonnet of the car and his handcuffed hands trapped beneath him. Sholto and John hold him down, and Murray’s hands ghost over the hem of Sherlock’s pajama trousers.
“Well, I had to occupy him with a case while we’re waiting for things to develop, or he might do something stupid.”
Sherlock’s muscles quiver a little, whether from the strain or apprehension. He must feel so vulnerable now. The gloved hand unhurriedly maps outs the scars on Sherlock’s back, scratches them a little as if trying to erase the faint lines. Then something thin like a blade traces one of them, goes lower, to the small of Sherlock’s back, and still lower…
Sherlock doesn’t respond, too focused on what’s going on in his nether regions, and John pinches his perked nipple to catch his attention, so harshly that Sherlock cries out.
Sholto sighs. “Fine. But I want to take him again while he’s available. Pity that I have to wait a bit. I need to recover.”
Sherlock clenches when he feels a dollop of lube on his anus. “Easy, easy,” John warns him. “Relax, or it’ll hurt much more.”
John plans to be the first one to visit Sherlock in the morning, but Sholto wakes up early, too, and trudges after him into the cellar. It makes John somewhat annoyed, but he tells himself that a spectator might make his little show even better.
John still suspects Sherlock had lied when he’d said “we”. John had never been in danger, but as for Sherlock… Mary had taken care to spare his life, but he’d almost died anyway. They never speak about it, like they’d never spoken about the origin of Sherlock scars.
John hopes it’s a ‘no’ to his unasked question about sexual assault. But even if there wasn’t one, it’s still a shock, to learn that Sherlock had been…tortured?
After that, it’s mostly laboured breathing, rhythmic slapping sounds, and Sherlock’s occasional groans, low and guttural.
In the taxi, Sherlock keeps fidgeting, and John is unable to suppress a smirk. He looks through the side window at the darkening streets, pretending to pay no attention to his writhing, but he knows the reason for it all too well. It’s not only about uneasiness, though Sherlock has every right to be apprehensive; it’s more about the huge butt plug that uncomfortably distends Sherlock’s well-ploughed and well-whipped arse, stretching the reddened skin around his anus.
John hasn’t said what he should have said, turning his answer into a joke, and it’s the only thing he feels bad about. He’s never been good at saying the right things at the right moment, unless he's rehearsed them first. Sherlock and he are not entirely dissimilar in that regard.
When Sherlock finally stops thrashing about, having understood the futility of his efforts to break free but far from reconciling with his defeat, John tells him, mentor-like, “Being tall doesn’t mean being strong.”
Sherlock stirs up violently, lurching against the confines of the cage, but it’s steady enough not to rattle.
Sherlock shakes his head slightly, and John clambers to his feet. A few seconds—and Sherlock, huddled on the wooden floor, dares to prop himself up too and takes a wary look around.
“No more clients for today,” John promises, caressing Sherlock’s cheek with the back of his hand. “You’ve got your pay for the whole month now. Isn’t it nice? Next time, you’ll choose for yourself if you want to behave nicely or be held down like this. It might seem harsh, but maybe it’s easier for you this way when you have no choice. Besides, people pay better for a scene like this. Just a few hours—and it’s all over. You’ll be sore for a while, but I’ll take care of you. It’s good to have a doctor for a partner, isn’t it? There’s just one more thing we have to do before I take you upstairs to have a nice hot shower. Do you know what I need to do?”
So he’s not in love with her. To John’s shame, it’s visceral relief that floods over him. He meant well. He really did. At least rationally. But deep inside, there was this dark, selfish anger at the thought of Sherlock having a night of passion with someone else.
John feels himself blush a little. It shouldn’t be embarrassing for both of them, only for Sherlock, and yet it is, something intimate if weird being turned into mere debauchery.
As soon as he’s finished, John abruptly stops handling Sherlock’s erection. Sherlock gives a whine of protest, perhaps unwanted, and it earns him a laugh.
He’s prepared for more acrid comments, so it’s very much a shock when Sherlock says quietly, “Thanks for organizing this for me. Talking your friends into this. Planning everything.”
Without asking anything, a dress-coated servant, wearing white gloves and soft white overshoes to muffle his footsteps, guides them from the reception through a dark-wood panelled hallway with taxidermy everywhere to a small private room—and leaves in absolute silence.
John is silent for a while, unsure how to articulate what’s on his mind. Finally, he blurts out, “Are we still friends?”
Unlike Sherlock, John is dressed in a suit. Maybe not as posh as Sherlock’s usual outfits, but quite presentable. Adequate for the place they're going.
John’s voice sounds both angry and pleading. “You could have stayed. You could have talked to me. That’s what couples are supposed to do: work things through.” There’s hurt in his eyes when he adds, “Mary, I may not be a very good man, but I think I’m a bit better than you give me credit for, most of the time.”
It’s not always easy, pretending he’s glad to be alive. But he tries his best. He might be overacting at times, but no one seems to mind. No one seems to notice, not even John, not even Mycroft.
,” he almost spits this word with disdain, “the usual dos and don’ts yourself. Make your dog behave, Sherlock.
“I was interested in Jim Moriarty,” Sherlock bites back. “You didn’t approve of that for some reason.”
“I actually liked this Scotland Yard man. Maybe we should have invited him to join in,” Murray continues with some regret. “A nice scary inspector might come in very handy when it comes to dealing with fugitives.”
The Diogenes Club is respectable and posh in an old-fashioned way, but there are rooms in the back of the house, soundproof and discreet, where private parties are held at night. Very special private parties. Top secret.
John sighs, having given up convincing her she was wrong. “So. AGRA. You said it was your initials.”
John spits into his palm and starts fondling Sherlock’s cock, cruelly slow, and it goes into fully erect mode very quickly. It doesn’t take long until Sherlock starts thrusting into his grip, tugging on the handcuffs and twisting on the crumpled sheets. Sholto’s hand clamps hard on Sherlock’s hip, keeping him in place. He rides through orgasmic contractions, grinding balls deep into his fucktoy.
John pops the button of Sherlock’s trousers, then slowly tugs the zip down. He can see the muscles of Sherlock’s abdomen quivering a little. John tugs at the elastic band of his pants. “Let’s take a look… A preview, so to speak… Oh, very nice. Though we’re more interested in your rear end of course.”
The street is empty, but if someone were to look out of a window of the Diogenes Club, the sight would most certainly catch his eye, and Sherlock is well aware of that. John steps closer, partly to obscure Sherlock’s figure from unwanted spectators, partly to have a better look.
As the action went on, he was so into it, so excited, driven by something dark and visceral, that he found himself floating on the heady feeling of power. But as soon as the rush was gone, he felt empty and wrong. Filthy. One step from being a rapist.
John exchanges glances with Sholto, they both nod to each other, and John gives his permission, “On you go. But maybe we should take his gag out first, hmm? What do you think? Do you want to hear how vocal he can be, or would you rather he stays mute?”
Maybe it’s better to enjoy what he has while he has it, and not to question it much. He once heard a saying, “Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what’s right.” Isn’t it right, keeping them both satisfied, fulfilling their fantasies? If he should be brave enough to take all the blame and all the responsibility for the two of them, so be it.
“Maybe you want that filthy rag back into your mouth? Just one more word, Sherlock—and your wish will be granted, I swear.”
John’s finger circles Sherlock’s hole, presses in the middle. The orifice twitches, and John pushes harder. “Tight like a virgin ought to be. And responsive like a proper slut. What a precious combination.”
He anticipates the peaceful rural scene, them sitting around the kitchen table and Sherlock on all fours at their feet, temporarily meek after screaming his voice hoarse during the long, harsh whipping, with his arse burning red, available for any of them to use as they please. The most delightful thing about it—all of them will be aware that he isn’t going anywhere now that he hasn’t used his most solid chance at running off.
“That’s good. Very good,” John encourages him—positive reinforcement is always important. “Just don’t linger with your answer next time.”
“How did you get out?” John demands to know when he is finally alone with Sherlock, watching the three men march through the garden.
John keeps running a hand through Sherlock’s hair and listens to the soft humming noise Sherlock makes in his throat, a sound closer to purring than groaning. He’s grateful that Mary doesn’t comment on it. At least for a short while, he wants to give Sherlock the illusion that there are just the two of them.
“I’ll explain how it’s going to work,” he says. “Pay attention. First, I’ll put this hood on you. It comes with a leather blindfold and a ball gag. You won’t see anything and won’t be able to speak. Over the ears, there’s sound proofing. It minimises exterior noise. Don’t worry about breathing, there are two small nostril holes. They might not quite line up with your nostrils, but it should work, you won’t suffocate, just take deeper breaths than normal. But your senses will be almost completely blocked—vision, hearing, smell. There are O-rings on the hood’s collar. I’ll attach a lead to one of them, and you’ll crawl beside me on all fours. I’ll guide you. If I tug at the lead, you go slower. If I smack you with the riding crop—yes, I brought it too—then you hurry up. We’ll walk through the corridor and down the stairs like that, into the cellar. As you might know, there’s a room for special parties down there. The Stranger’s Room. And the guests have already gathered, all waiting. Men only. They will be most glad to see you. Well, not you, personally—they don’t care who you are—but they’ll certainly appreciate your physique, so to say. Mostly your rear parts.”
But John might have also considered Sherlock's extremely agitated state in the hours preceding the appointment, because of course, his genius of a partner can keep himself under control in the most upsetting situations; that is, until he cannot anymore.
And that is the moment he makes the realisation.  A realisation that is way colder than the water freezing his feet.
Emotions, unlike deduction and a genius I.Q. are, after all, universals, even though Sherlock treats his own like logical facts and proven theories.  John has a feeling those won't matter much when Sherlock is in the midst of pushing a baby out of himself.
It seems that only a second has passed, and John is still on the ground, but Sherlock has finally began fighting.  For a moment, all John can see is the entangled limbs of the two men brawling a few feet away, Sherlock's coat swirling around them.  Chambers is groaning and mumbling while Sherlock, his voice calm -even when he is obviously short of breath- but managing to sound pissed and exasperated.  John can't help but admire the way he moves, managing to immobilise Chambers on his back, down on the pavement, by trapping his hands behind his back and putting a knee on his chest.  Sherlock's hair is a mess, he's panting, his scarf untangled, one of his coat's button hole ripped, and still, he looks elegant and graceful.  Almighty.
"Hum, let me think... Let's have very loud sex and break the bed.  Speaking of which, I have to admit I'm a little disappointed.  I was hoping for a stay in your old bedroom, you know, to see your college trophies and some ridiculous poster on the wall, sharing a single bed that creaks each time we breath."
"I thought you might prefer if I'm not present while you pack up your things.  I'll be out in a few minutes," Sherlock says coldly.
As it turns out, things don't reach the point of no return.  On the tenth day of Sherlock's convalescence, he has a nightmare.
He is kneeling on the bed, holding on the tall bedpost in a vertical position, cushions pressed under his belly, and John can see, when he peeks over his shoulders, the pink, sticky head of his penis pressed against the fabric in a pool of precome.  John can't remember a time where he had leaked so much.  The same flow drips from his arsehole; John's cock is covered with it, and the wet, sucking noise it creates with each push and pull is dirty and obscene, so incredibly erotic.
John is giggling again, and when Sherlock pouts, he rocks him into his arms to calm him down.  The intimacy between them right now is delightful.  It is as if a barrier always present between them when it comes to Sherlock's pregnancy has suddenly disappeared.  Thanks to a vivid nightmare including Mycroft.  John is hit with another fit of laughter and, after a while, Sherlock joins him, his rumbling, wonderful baritone laugh resonating in the room.
Ten minutes later, John helps him into the bathtub filled to the brim, to which he added a generous quantity of the posh bath oil Sherlock likes so much.
Sherlock plays the violin a foot away from him, something soft that John isn't familiar with, but finds lovely.
"Oh please, you couldn't even look at me in the eyes yesterday evening, that's how uncomfortable you are.  You were right next to me where I happened to mention the fact to John, which, really, I should apologise for my emotional outburst, my fiancé was dying.  If I had known that revealing my pregnancy would put you in such a state I would have keep the fact to myself, believe me."
Angie softly brushes her fingers over Sherlock's belly.  He takes her hand and presses on it so she can really feel.
The sky is so dark it seems the sun has not risen.  The wind howls, blowing the trees, and the rain is icy cold. The thermostat of the rented jeep indicates five degrees Celsius.
