Barely.
“Sir? Mr. Winchester?” The cop caught Dean’s attention and dragged his focus away from the door. “So, just to make sure I have this right, the gentleman is, was, a regular here. Two to three times a week, he would come in, buy a new porno, then go into the bathroom to masturbate. Correct so far?”
Sam held up a finger before pointing at the chair that sat across from him. He stood up as Dean took the seat and crossed over to another table. Sam picked up two glasses and a decanter of whiskey before returning to his own chair. Popping the lid off, he poured a glass for Dean and one for himself. "What's wrong?"
“Cas?!” Lisa’s voice caused Dean to jump into a standing position. “You love Cas?!” She shakes her head. “No, that’s not what he said. He very distinctly said that you were going to meet Cassie for a date.”
He pulled up in front of Honey Dipper early, hoping to have a moment to talk to Cas before class began. However, his plan ended up waylaid as Krissy’s dad dropped her off. Dean frowned, determined to find the courage to stay after class and talk to his teacher.
“Dick Roman’s.”
and groaned. Sure, he had agreed to work since his old man asked him to, but fuck if he actually wanted to be there. After dragging his hand down his face, Dean shut off the engine and climbed out of the Impala.
“I told her. I’m the one who snowballed him.”
Dean shivered at the contact, then shivered harder when Cas pulled away and followed the team off the roof. He looked up at the sky and shook his head. “I’m not even supposed to be here today!”
Dean skeptically raised an eyebrow and was ready to question Cas’ response when Gabriel returned with their meals. They ate in somewhat comfortable silence, only talking to comment on the food or when Gabriel came to check on them. Once they finished, Cas reached into his pocket and pulled out some cash. He explained that he wasn’t going to ask for a free meal from a new restaurant, and when Dean tried to help cover the costs, Cas shut him down completely.
Cas' warm hands kneaded Dean's ass cheeks again, and Dean groaned in pleasure. "Well, then when I come, you can come. How does that sound?"
Charlie shrugged. “Sam figured that you were making actual friends and was happy for that. Besides, he was wrapped up in what’s her face? That Ruby chick.”
I'm alive because I knew there were risks involved taking on that particular client.” Frank held up the cup of coffee he had made and set a five on the counter. “My colleague wasn't so lucky.” He took a moment and sipped his coffee while Dean got his change. “I’m just going to say this. Unless the contractors were kidnapped and forced to work on it? It means that they were willing to work on the Death Star. It means that they knew the risks. If they were killed, it was their own fault. They chose to listen to their wallet and not their heart.” Frank tapped his chest for emphasis. “There’s always another way.”
Dean was in a costume. And not just any costume.
"I did. Why are you all surprised?" Garth looked around the table as Dean pulled up his flannel to hide his face. "It's not like it's a secret, right? I'm always the last person to find out these things, so you all had to know. Right?" Everyone around the table shook their heads, and Garth looked at Dean, mortified. "Dean-o... I'm... I am..."
Cas' eyes went dark. "Bedroom. Now. Strip and present." Cas ran his hands quickly down Dean's sides as Dean stood up. "I'll be right behind you."
After getting his ass whooped by Sam, Dean noticed that Garth had arrived. He was chatting with the rest of the group over their drinks. Dean and Sam returned, taking their seats as Benny talked about the increase of business at the diner.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean looked up to the counter to see Cas looking over it and down at him. “What do you want?”
“I’m in a relationship, Cassie.” Dean shook his head. “I’m not cheating on my girlfriend. I’m not doing to her what you did to me.”
"Your text." Dean held up his phone again. "You said that you couldn't maintain our relationship. I thought you were ending this between us."
"Got it, Garth. Anything else?"
The entire way back to his apartment, Dean tried everything. Rolling down the windows, listening to Taylor Swift... Hell, he even thought of Bobby in a Speedo. But nothing could get him to calm down.
"Nicely done." Cas helped him spin it a few more times. "Let's slide it back in, nice and slow, and we can try again."
"Sorry, Cas." Dean looked up from his phone. "I just... I didn't realize you didn't like what we have. I thought maybe..."
Dean turned his head slowly, afraid to see what had spooked Cassie into hysterics. It took a moment to comprehend what he saw, but he quickly put two and two together when he did. The customer from earlier, who would buy a porno then run to the bathroom, was sitting on the toilet. Dead. His head was rolled back, his face staring up at the ceiling. However, the most unnerving part was the rock-hard cock that stood glistening from a particular kind of moisture.
“Then I promise, I’ll be your last.” Cas readjusted his hand, positioning it to wrap around their cocks as much as possible. He pressed a kiss against Dean’s ear before whispering. “Next time, I will take you apart piece by tiny piece before building you up again. But right now? I am marking you. I am claiming you.”
Dean waggled his eyebrows. "Depends on how far we're into the scene, Sir. If we just started? Leave me hanging. I can go blue for a little while."
“Can’t hold back,” Cas gasped out as his movements turned erratic. He groaned, his come spilling into Dean as he dug his fingers into Dean’s hips. “So beautiful, and all mine.” Cas breathed heavily before flipping Dean onto his back. “I would apologize, as I know you’re going to feel this for days…”
“I said your grace doesn’t build up that quickly.” Dean started to shrink at Cas’ look before jutting up his chin in defiance. “The last time it took over a week for it to come back.”
"Not bad, Dean." Cas crossed his hands behind his back. "Show me how to roll it."
“Well, hello, handsome.” Dean turned around as the ball went in the hole, and his opponent groaned. “Throw your quarter on the table; almost done with this match.”
One - Baby.
Cas pressed their bodies together again, reaching between them and undoing Dean’s pants. He chuffed out a breathless laugh, finding Dean’s cock swiftly hardening. “You weren’t kidding, were you?” Cas pulled it out and ran his thumb over the slit, smearing around the building precome. “Feeling okay?”
Gabriel’s face twisted into a smug smirk. “I get it. Don’t worry, little bro.” He grabbed two menus and led them back to a booth. “Take your time. Just flag me down when you’re ready.”
Thankfully, Dean had gotten the parking spot in front of their room. He took the card key and somehow managed to slide it in on the first try.
“Really, Cas? The last time you ever said two words to me was right before I freaked out and ran on you. You wouldn’t let me near you or talk to you. I needed to apologize, but you never gave me a chance. I don’t know how you knew before I did, but being away from you? Finding out that you ended up going to Boston by having a random roommate assigned to me at KU? I figured you hated me.” Dean’s voice dropped to a whisper. “I realized what our relationship was too late.”
“Dean, this is Gabriel. My brother and the proprietor of this establishment.” Cas rolled his eyes. “Gabriel, this is Dean.”
Cassie nodded. “And that’s why I’m here. I want to apologize.” She reached across the counter and rested her hand gently on Dean’s arm. “I threw a relationship with you away over a stupid misunderstanding.”
"So, do you need to take back some control?" Dean stood up and walked around to Cas' side of the table and rested his hand on his boyfriend's shoulder. "I can help with that."
Cassie, once upon a time, had been good for him. She made him popular, she boosted his self-confidence. Even when she cheated on him, Cassie had helped him. He learned that he could do better.
Cassie turned back around and rested her hands on the counter. “Another chance.” She batted her eyes and smiled softly. “You have to admit, Dean, when we were together? We were so good together. We made sparks fly and cause wildfires.”
"Cas uh... Cas, well..." Dean picked up his phone and unlocked it before sliding it across the table to Sam. "I am warning you. From brother to brother. Don't scroll up."
“Dean?”
Another rush of warm air made Dean melt in pleasure. Cas was chuckling, amused by the suffering he caused Dean. After a few more minutes of delightful torture, Cas pulled back. "You haven't come yet. Which means either I'm not doing a good enough job, or you're being very good."
“Oh, how convenient. Blame your customer.” The instigator turned around. “Everyone, listen to me. You spend what? Fifty, maybe sixty dollars a week on this crap? Do you buy the top-end ones and spend closer to seventy? Come on now! Why on Earth would you give someone that much money a week so you can kill yourself? You pay assholes like this for the privilege to enjoy your vice that will kill you!” The guy swiped the packs of cigarettes out of Dean’s hands. “We’re all gonna die someday. But why pay for it? Why spend our well-earned money to rush to the pearly gates? Do you enjoy coming up to the counter and asking, ‘Mr. Merchant-of-Death, sir, please sell me cancer in a stick!’”
"If you think I'm ready, Cas."
"It's okay, Garth." Cas comforted. "Dean and I have been together officially for three years now. However, we both acknowledge that we've loved each other for a lot longer than that."
“I’m still an angel.” Cas let out a soft oomph as he climbed into the front seat next to Dean. “It’s no surprise that it affects humans differently than angels or other creatures.” Cas leaned down and started working at Dean’s pants, dodging the half-hearted slaps Dean attempted. “You wanted to defend the siren and kill Sam. I want to claim you and kill anyone who tries to take you away from me.” Cas successfully undid the button of Dean’s jeans as they pulled up to the motel room. “Need you, Dean.”
Dean nodded, his mouth too dry to form words. Garth handed him a cup of water before continuing.
“Sure?” She walked up to the counter as Victor pointed to Dean. “It’s about him?”
The rest of the week went by quickly for Dean. There were no significant hiccoughs, work had been smooth, and all he had left to do was unwind at his friend group's bi-weekly trivia night at the Roadhouse.
Cas turned around and leaned forward on his arms. “Which employee is going to come in on a Saturday when they’re not scheduled? Not Andy, not Chuck. Hell, Kevin wouldn’t even come in on his day off. There’s a reason your father works the weekends.”
“Something like thirty-six?” Lisa looked at him before looking at her hands.
“Quiet, Dean.” Cas walked over to the coolers and grabbed a lemonade before walking back to the counter. He tossed a couple of bucks to Dean and returned to his loitering lean. “Anyway, I was browsing this internet this morning, and I came across an interesting post on the local news site.” Cas reached down and grabbed a copy of the morning paper. He flipped through a few pages and set it down in front of Dean. “Recognize anyone?”
“JESUS, CALM DOWN!” Lisa started pacing behind the counter. “SHUT UP A SECOND, AND I’LL TELL YOU!” She started tapping on her fingers, causing Dean to glare. “You know, I didn’t freak out like this when I asked you how many girls you fucked!”
“I’m going to be sick.” Dean dragged his hand down his forehead.
“Are you sure it’s okay that I’m sitting here?” Cas looked around nervously.
“My grace is limited, Sam.” Sam looked at Cas, who appeared to be on the verge of tears. “I can’t completely heal him, not yet.”
“But he didn’t drown me!”
"You've already started by presenting yourself so pretty." The bed shifted behind Dean as Cas climbed into it. He felt the leather of a cuff wrap around one of his ankles. "Color, Pretty Boy."
“Have you ever felt this before, Dean?” Cas waited until Dean shook his head. “Am I your first guy?”
Dean swallowed hard. He knew that if he said yes at that given moment, that it would be the exact wrong choice Cas had warned him about. He closed his eyes and shivered, the involuntary spasm helping him shake his head no. “Come back in about an hour. Please?”
"I'm done with this!" Cas slammed the lid to his laptop shut and rested his face in his hands. "Of all the times to downsize, it's now. No one is hiring because of the damn virus."
Cas’ only response was a cold squint, threatening Sam to make him leave Dean’s side.
“Boy, don’t think for one second I won’t fire your ass because you’re my son.” Dean rolled his eyes at his father’s empty threat. It probably would have worked ten years ago, but it sure as hell wasn’t going to work today. “I need you to go open the damn store.”
"You really want to know?" Dean blushed bright red and pointed down at his crotch. "Needed to take care of something."
“Dude, can you call your buddy back? Don’t appreciate him in my bubble.”
Dean knew that he would not remember half of the names of the tools that Cas went over. Especially when Cas pulled out another and called it a paddle - and damn, that word shouldn't sound like
For what all three of them had done for Dean, there was something they couldn’t provide.
"Hmmm... You took things into hand?" Cas smirked as he stepped closer to Dean, nearly erasing any empty space between them. "What would you say if I was willing to offer a hand?"
Cas picked up the drink and took a long draw, hoping to calm his nerves. He watched the other patrons, hoping to notice anyone who may have been focusing on Dean too long. With no one catching his eye, Cas took another sip of Dean’s beer. The room had grown warmer, and the beer was smooth and cold down his throat.
He quickly cleaned up his station, waved goodbye to the group, and made his way out to his car. Without a doubt, Dean knew he would be having a repeat of last week when he got home.
Yet it was Cas, cuddling Dean, holding him tightly, that surprised Sam the most. He had thought that Dean would have found a way to sabotage himself, to chase Cas away. Sam walked in quietly and set the tray down on Dean's table. As he started towards the door, a voice behind him startled him.
"Dude..." Dean looked at the paperwork that was folded neatly in the card. "I mean, I appreciate this, but the classes, they're during my—"
"Looking good, Dean. Your hands are a little off, though." Cas stepped behind Dean and pressed his chest to Dean's back as he reached around to put his hands on the rod alongside Dean’s. "You need to hold it a little more level. There. Now start spinning." Cas helped Dean spin the blow tube, keeping his chest firm against Dean's back.
, Dean. You know it’s worth your while.”
“I did. Well, I will be when I’m done in here.” Cas leaned against the counter and looked down at the book. “13 across - nomad.”
“You’d probably be moping behind the counter, so no different than usual.” Cas knocked on the counter. “I’ll call the ones I know. You call the others. You don’t have much time.” He started swiping on his phone before holding it up to his ear. “Hey, Garth.”
“It’s not a date! It’s two friends catching up.”
“Sarah Blake. I was a year ahead of you in high school.” She points at Dean. “Cassie cheating on you was the scandal of my sophomore year. Have you heard she’s marrying her college sweetheart?”
Standing next to Cas was another person, shorter with sandy blond hair. He had his arms crossed over his chest, and when he made eye contact with Dean, he smirked and leaned into Cas. He whispered something to Cas, and in turn, Cas rolled his eyes and shook his head.
"Dean! I needed you to know that you're reading it wrong. And Eileen also sees what I see." Sam stopped and rubbed his temples with his thumbs. "Do you honestly think that Cas would want to stop what you two are doing completely?"
So when Cas caught the demon, flipped it onto its back, and came down on top of it with his angel blade, Dean couldn’t blame himself for staring. However, he
Cas pulled away and looked inside of the casket. “It’s stuck on her sleeve.” He reached in and grabbed Dean’s hand. “I’m sorry in advance. On the count of three, wail.”
“I WILL NOT LET IT GO!” Dean’s voice boomed through the
"Think yours can, Cassie?" Balthazar looked at Dean knowingly before whispering something in Gabriel's ear. "
“You’re good, Sun— Cas. Make sure you lock up your store and drive safe.”
After closing the door, Sam took over as Baby’s driver. He angled the rearview mirror so he could see out the rear window as well as watch Cas and Dean. Sam started the engine and began to drive. “Do we risk the night at the motel, or am I taking us back to the Bunker?” His eyes met Cas’ as the question rolled off of his tongue.
“Martin and Audrey Robinson are pleased to announce the marriage of their daughter Cassandra to Dagon Ahn of New York, New York.” Dean rolled his eyes before letting out a sigh. “I guess good for her.” He folded up the paper and replaced it in its bin. “Here’s hoping she doesn’t cheat on him. Her. Whoever.” Dean’s head fell to the counter, a thunk echoing through the currently empty store. “Owww…”
Cas slipped away towards the bathroom and was able to catch Dean’s attention again briefly. At least he hoped the random head nod from Dean indicated that he knew what Cas was up to. Once he entered the restroom, Cas went through the motions—hit the head, washed his hands—when the knock he knew was coming echoed through the room.
“Yesterday, you sold cigarettes to a four-year-old. Legal age for smoking is 18. You messed up; you pay the fine.” The man smiled smugly.
The customer looked at the packs of cigarettes in Dean’s hands before looking at the guy’s phone again. “Over twenty years.”
Dean thought - and looked back up. “OPEN YOUR FUCKING STORE!”
Dean nodded. “Yep. The old man promised that Kevin would be here before I have to leave.”
“He’s not going to answer.” Cas handed his cell to Dean. “Give me yours.”
Dean blushed at the compliment, his body adjusting to Cas. The stretch and burn were perfect. "Sir, that feels good."
“Dean, I tried everyone else. Kevin can come in at Noon to take over, but I still need you to open. You’re all I got, especially after you convinced Sam to go away to college. I’m just asking for you to go in.”
Lisa shook her head and pointed at him. “No, you’re being overdramatic! I dated a few guys, and I sucked a few dicks. That’s not a big deal!”
"I highly doubt it, based on the erythematous lesions you have going on your soft palate there." Garth gestured, circling his finger at Dean's mouth. "The repetitive motion of a hard phallus hitting the soft palate causes wear, which turns into lesions. It's a common indicator of oral sex. I doubt you'd be surprised with how many patients I have that have them."
“It doesn’t matter if he doesn’t remember saying those words to you Dean, that doesn’t change the fact that he does. How are you so certain he doesn’t remember saying that, anyway?”
Dean stirred under the blanket. Something was wrong. He reached out to the other side of the bed, grumbling as he found it lacking a person. He reluctantly opened his eyes and looked at the empty spot. "Cas?" Dean lifted his head and looked around the room, slowly sitting up to get a better look at his bedroom. "Sunshine?"
The door opened, and in walked Desiree, her smile no less devious than during their time together at the bar. “I was hoping this was an open invite.”
“Your boyfriend?” Alistair finally looked over at Dean.
“Sorry, can’t relate. No mom and the oldest.” Dean threw his backpack over his shoulder and nodded to the door. “I’ve been told that I’m a good listener, though.”
“Of course. He’s Dean Winchester.” Both Victor and Dean stopped to look at her. “Also, aren’t you Victor… uh, Hendrickson, right?”
“Owns the Roadhouse. I’m well aware by this point, Dean.” Cas looked at his watch. “I guess it is getting kinda late.” He pulled out his cellphone and messed around on it for a couple of moments. “Alright. Just had to let my mom know I wasn’t going to be home in time for dinner. She’s not happy, but she’ll get over it.”
Who promptly fumbled his catch.
"Then start fucking me, please, Sir." Dean wiggled his ass, gasping out a squeak when Cas slapped it.
Cas shrugged. “I can try.”
“So that’s why Cas started hanging out with us?” Charlie shook her head in surprise. “I thought it was weird that he was coming home with us, but you were also a genuinely nice guy, so I figured you just offered him a ride home.”
Cas blushed. “I’m gonna go grab the bus. Pick me up at seven?”
Cas gestured to one of the benches and sat down on the stool while the rest of the group stood around it. "First thing's first. Let's introduce you to the tools of the trade. I think this one goes without saying." He pulled a long metal pipe out of a box next to the workstation. "This is your run-of-the-mill Blowpipe. It's what you collect the glass with, it's what you blow into, and it's what you spin. It's the base of all your work. If you don't respect the pipe, your work won't respect you."
“Dick ‘Leviathan’ Roman?” Cas leaned forward, intrigued. “You mean the untouchable businessman with unproven ties to the mob?”
“You okay there, Cas?”
"Honestly? I'm not entirely sure at the moment." Dean holds up his hand. "I know we're friends, and I know that you care about me. I just don't know how much. It felt like I was disposable earlier."
Dean quickly made his way towards the center of town, following Cas’ directions before pulling into the parking lot of a place called ‘Cloud 9.’ “What is this place, Cas?”
"I wouldn't dream of it." Cas pulled Dean closer, claiming his lips as he pulled Dean into his lap.
“Cas, stop. What are you doing?”
“Cas, what’s your problem, man?” Reaching over the table, Dean grabbed some of the pool balls and started racking them up. “You’re acting weird, and that’s saying something.”
As they continued to rock and move together, Cas' phone went off. For a moment, their scene was broken as Cas looked over at the nightstand and grabbed the phone. "Dean..." Cas smirked and pulled out before thrusting back in. "don't make a sound."
"Figured I'd bring a gift. Combination of holidays, and ‘I'm sorry I outed you to our friend group.’" Garth held up a basket as he entered. "It's got some of your favorite candies in there, some popcorn, some..." His voice trailed off as he saw Cas on the couch, curled up under a blanket. "Hey, Cas."
“Alistair?” Dean stood up next to her and leaned on the counter. He eyed the man up and down, noting the disheveled appearance.
"Wha—?"
“If you can handle the drive back to the bunker, he’ll rest better in his own bed.” Sam watched as Cas gently carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. “You still need to stop by the motel to grab your bags.”
"Perfect." Cas gestured to the third bench, and, for half a second, Dean could have sworn that Cas looked him up and down. "That's where we'll be working."
"No. I'm still researching this one, but it might be one that's our kinda thing." Sam looked down at his notes, disappointed but understanding Dean's need to drop the conversation. "So, get this. A few abductions following a pattern, the bodies show up, but the locals aren't releasing any details. Probably thinking it's a serial killer and not wanting to spawn a copycat." He looked back up. "Dean?"
At Cas' comment, Dean's mouth went even drier, and he desperately licked at his lips. He turned the pipe and copied Cas' hand positions and posture.
“So, Dean. You ready for the midterm?” Cas asked after a few awkward moments.
“The town’s completely electric with excitement.”
“What can you do!?”
“Stop, Cas. Just stop.”
“And I’m assuming you didn’t betray Cas to Gabe?”
Sam shot a dry look at Dean and sighed. “You had just said that you loved him. You think he wasn’t going to fight for that?”
Dean shook his head. “No, Cassie. I highly doubt you’re here to just see me. I actually get the distinct feeling that you’re here to rub it in my face that you’ve got a fantastic job at one of the best papers in the country, you’re still fucking gorgeous, and oh yeah, you’re about to go off and marry the man of your dreams.”
“Lisa just stormed out of here and said that you need me.”
“That would be nice.” Cas’ blush darkened as he focused on a spot on the table. Gabriel came back to the table with their drinks, and Cas grabbed his, downing it immediately. Gabriel rolled his eyes and leaned down, whispering something in his brother’s ear before promising he’d be back with another drink before long.
"No, you're not." Sam set his pen down. "You’re distracted, afraid that you're going to lose Cas when he clearly wants more." Sam pointed at Dean, trying to make his voice as stern as possible. "Call him. Or I will."
"I can read what's on my phone, Sam." Dean slides his phone up and down the screen. "Maintaining what we have is hard for him."
"It's a surgery, Dean. You want to be knocked out for this." Garth replied as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. He started the gas. "I'll have Bess call Sam. He can come and pick you up."
“That’s okay, Dean. Now that I’ve moved back to town, I wondered if you would be against doing this the right way. Actually dating, not having to hide, knowing that I want to be your boyfriend and you want to be mine.”
12:45 PM
[Sam 11:09 AM]: Yeah. I know.
"Yeah, about that suit... It doesn't fit me, Cas." Dean held up his hands in defense. "I mean, it won't zip up because my shoulders are broader than yours, and your thighs are so big..." Dean trailed off, his mind going to inappropriate places momentarily before he snapped back to attention. "How am I protected if I can't get the suit on?"
want that with is you.”
Dean nodded in response.
Causing Lydia’s body to crash onto the floor.
“Ball?” The guy turned to look where Dean was pointing. He looked over and saw it before storming over to it. “This ball?”
“Yes. I have a surprise for you.” Cas smiled shyly. “If you don’t mind.”
"Just tell me, Garth. I already know I'm on your shit list."
"Dean?!" Cas asked as he felt his own phone vibrate.
“Dean?”
“Dude! Stop dragging me into this. Take your pandering outside!” Dean jabbed his thumb towards the door.
Dean blushed bright red and clung tightly to his angel. “Only you, high as fuck and balls deep inside of me, could pull off that sappy emotional crap.”
Dean stopped his count and shook his head. “Innocent lives?”
If the week before had gone by fast, there were no words that Dean could think of to describe how fast the week before his third class had gone. He was a strange combination of nervous and excited. Dean got the distinct feeling that Cas was into him, which excited him, but if he was reading it wrong... Yeah. Dean was a nervous wreck.
“We went to the river and found the spot that the most activity was reported. Kaia made the offering; I did the talking.” Claire pushed herself on her elbows. “It grabbed me and tried to pull me in the river.”
“Alright, so this isn’t a typical practice, and I get it was supposed to be a skirmish. We’re gonna be four on four because of space issues, but we can’t do full checks, and we really need to be careful of the edges. Unless you want to end up on the pavement below,” Garth explained to the team. “This can actually be helpful to us. Make us focus on making sharper and more precise movements.”
"You're so full of shit. Cas left in a pair of your pajama bottoms." Sam set the cup down and poured the rest of the blender's contents into it.  "It's also not the first morning I've seen him sneak out. I'm sure it's not going to be the last time, is it?"
Dean set the basket on the table and crossed over to the couch, curling up with Cas. After a few moments of companionable silence, Dean looked at Cas. "Why are we still hiding?"
Sam looked between Cas and Dean before quietly standing up. There was no doubt that they had forgotten that he was in the room. He quietly crossed to the motel door. Sam opened it, stepped outside, and closed it as softly as possible to not pull his brother and best friend out of their private confessional. Luckily, the early morning was calm and peaceful—perfect weather for a walk.
Later that afternoon, a knock at the door brought the boys down from their sexual high and scrambling to get dressed. While it was never unusual for Cas to be at Dean's place or vice versa, they usually had a warning that someone else was coming.
“Let it all out, Dean. You can let your emotions free. Lydia was an important person to you.” Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, causing Dean to flinch. The last thing he expected was for Cas to so intimately enter his personal space. “Focus, Dean. If we stay here too much longer, it’ll be suspicious.”
Lisa scoffed. “Sam wanted you out of this life too.” The bell dinged on the counter again. “Honor system!”
“I heard him too, Cas.” Sam sighed, running his fingers through his hair. “I know you don’t want to leave his side right now, but for both of your sakes, please.” Sam sat on his bed. “Do it so you can make sure he wakes up, and you can yell at him for not telling you sooner.”
The door closed behind Cassie as she walked out, and Dean dropped his head into his hands.
Eileen laughed. "We have it on good authority that you're going to like what's in there." She winked, causing Dean to raise an eyebrow in confusion. "A little robin gave us a hint."
Cas didn’t hesitate. He plunged his blade into Desiree’s throat, effectively silencing her. Cas made quick work of her body as she slid to the ground, reducing it to ash before barging out of the restroom. Looking over at the pool table, he saw Dean leaning against the wooden frame, ready to take a shot. Cas quietly walked over and waited for Dean to sink his shot.
As the door swung open, Dean reached over and flicked the light switch into the on position. With the lights on, he could see Cassie curled up on the floor in the corner, crying as she rocked back and forth. Her skirt was hiked up around her waist, and her mouth hung agape as she stared over towards the toilet.
Victor cleared his throat. “She cheated on you because she thought you were cheating on her. Poor Cassie was too embarrassed to tell anyone who it was.” He looked Dean up and down. “You tell me who you cheated on her with, and I’ll give you a year free of personal training sessions to help you burn off—” He gestured at Dean’s stomach. “—that.”
“Okay, that’s enough. You need to leave now.”
Pulling into the hotel’s parking lot, Dean found a spot. Once Baby was settled in her place, Dean took a moment to relax and yawned. He looked over at Cas, who had fallen asleep the moment Dean started the three-hour trip, and smiled softly before nudging the former angel. “Cas, we’re here.”
“Why, cause I’m telling it like it is?” The guy leaned forward and jabbed a finger at Dean. “Are you afraid of the truth?”
“Your point, Victor?” Dean bagged up his items then took his cash.
“No!” He took a few more steps away from the counter and stared at Dean. “You go for the things that keep you mediocre. You don’t want to be here? Find courage and leave. You want to be a better person? Then go find the people who make you better! It’s not Lisa or Cassie.” Cas hangs his head and looks at his hands as the tears start to build up in the corners of his eyes. “But it’s sure as hell not me.” He looks back up at Dean as the first tear slides down his cheek. “I thought, maybe. Just maybe, I was doing the right thing. But I’m just as selfish as them. I was afraid to lose the man I love to the greater things he was meant for.”
“What happened to you saying this was yours and Kaia’s hunt?” Dean turned around. “You’re pissed that we’re here because it undermines your ability, but now you want to throw Cas to the creature?”
"You're not exactly out and dancing with rainbows and glitter yourself."
“Seriously?” Cas squinted.
“Heal him!” Sam looked at Cas, wondering why the angel - who was as equally smitten with his brother - hadn’t already done so.
Dean walked over to the bench and leaned against it for a moment, finding himself yet again needing to adjust himself. As he straightened up, Cas pulled a pipe out of the rack and handed it to Dean. On the end that would go into the furnace, Cas placed a deflated balloon. "As I said before. You can't breathe in when the glass is on the pipe. Not only would you collapse your piece, but you’ll also be breathing in fumes.
In the bed, Dean looked like he was fast asleep. It was - without a doubt - the most peaceful sleep he had ever seen his brother enjoy.
- and some breakfast. And he only had about twenty minutes to get to the shop.
"But, isn't denim a heavy material?" Kevin raised his hand as he spoke. "I don't want to contradict, but I want to make sure I'm prepared for next week's class."
“Pretty sure I am, ma’am.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s too hard, and I don’t care.”
“She did what?! She’s engaged!” Cas stood there with his jaw dropped. “Don’t get me wrong, I know Polyamory is a thing, but for fuck’s sake, I doubt that’s what she was aiming for.” Cas leaned on the back counter and crossed his arms over his chest, continuing his irate rampage in a grumble.
"Dude, you guys got me dinner. I don't need anything else." Dean took the envelope that Sam forced at him and rolled his eyes. "I'm not getting out of this, am I?"
“Charles!” Dean exclaimed. “That wasn’t even the worst of it.”
Dean nodded and continued enlarging the balloon.
“How else would she know that he likes to have a snowball… be snowballed… whatever the damn phrase is?” Dean tilted his head to the side, observing Lisa.
“I don’t know, kid, but we’ll figure it out.” The officer clapped him on the shoulder before walking over to his partner. A few more minutes passed as the other cop finished up with Cas. Once they were done, the shop felt oddly exposed and deafeningly quiet.
“How did you manage to get that out of her?”
2:05 PM
. I’m too hungover to drive.”
The crowd started murmuring in agreement, and Dean cringed. This was not going well. “Look, I’m chewing gum myself!” He pointed at his mouth. “I don’t proactively sell cigarettes. I literally had to ask this guy if he wanted anything else! HE asked for them!”
Charlie had left him a while ago when the girl she had crushed on back in high school - Gilda if he remembered correctly - arrived. The two had been hitting it off when he lost track of her. And the only reason that had happened at all was that he kept watching the gym entrance. Thirty minutes in, and there was still no sign of Cas. Maybe he had just donated and not actually bought a ticket.
"Technically, I still am. However, this is a family business, and my brothers also like to be involved with passing down our knowledge. Also, this is an odd-numbered class, so I'm going to pair off with one of you." Cas looked at Dean, causing Dean to swallow harshly.
Garth chuckled. “Get in position.” Benny grumbled and headed to his makeshift goal box. “Thank you, Benny.” He pointed to the spot marked as center ice. “Centers, take your positions.” Garth waited until Nick and Lee were in place. “Alright. One. Two. Three!”
“It is. Would you consider him attractive?” Victor smirked.
“Fine.” Cas pouted, then leaned against the counter. “For what it’s worth, I think this is a horrible idea.”
Dean sighed. While he hadn’t forgotten the three words Cas said before the Empty claimed him, Cas had, and Dean had no idea how to broach the topic. He looked in the rearview mirror, trying to ignore the bags under his eyes, before rubbing his hand down his face. “One day at a time.” Dean made his way out of the driver seat and joined Cas at the trunk. “You let Claire know we’re here?”
“He looked like a kicked puppy with his tail tucked between his legs. I have never felt so bad for a person. But rumor has it, he was flirting with Bela Talbot by last period.” Dean leaned back in his booth. “Dude, this is why I don’t go after high school girls. They don’t know what they want, and it’s not my position to tell them what that is.”
“Improvise, Dean.” Cas walked down an aisle and looked for a moment before coming back with a heavy bouncy ball. “Play roof hockey. Just change the drills.”
Sam looked up from the phone and smiled at his brother. "You're upset over this?" He reread the conversation and took a screenshot, texting it to himself. "There is nothing to be upset over here. This is a good thing!" Sam picked up his phone and sent the screenshot to Eileen, adding on, "Dean thinks Cas wants to leave."
"Hello, Dean."
“Dean! Calm down. I thought you understood. I—”
"What, Cas?"
“Hey, if the pie is as good as you say it is, you can take me anywhere, Cas.” Dean climbed out of the car and followed Cas into the restaurant. As they stepped inside, Dean was instantly slapped with the smell of fresh-baked pies and pastries. “Holy shit, Cas. This place smells amazing.”
"Welcome back, class." Cas addressed the five of them once they were standing in front of him. "I'm glad to see you all back and that you've taken my suggestions to heart." He gestured to three benches next to his side. "These will be your workstations for the next several weeks. We're going to pair you off, and each team will get an instructor to work with them one on one.” Cas hooked his thumb at the guy next to him. "This is my brother Gabriel. He'll be with one group, and our brother Balthazar will be with the other. He'll join us once he finishes getting the rest of our work today in the annealer."
“Because it’s different!”
“I know you don’t. But this is a formality. And if you don’t do it, I will go to Ellen.” Dean blanched at Missouri’s threat. “That’s what I thought.” She turned to Castiel. “He needs to get at least a B on each of his next three assignments and an A on the midterm.”
"That fucker did call you!" Dean ran his hand down his face.
“Yeah, well, what are the odds you two have that perfect batch on you?” Dean raised an eyebrow in question as he pulled out his set of keys to the shop. “‘Cause I can fucking guarantee I’m gonna need some after I’m done.”
"There's my beautiful boy who knows how to listen." Dean heard the metal-on-metal sliding of a spreader bar and shivered. "Good things happen when you listen, don't they?"
"First, we had Sam pick you up some clove oil. If the spot starts to get sore, dab a little on it. Works better than Orajel." Garth waited for Dean to nod before continuing. Second, be gentle with a toothbrush back there for a few days. The stitches will dissolve naturally. They don't need you ripping them out by brushing too hard. But still, brush your teeth."
“They may not feel like that now, but tomorrow? A week from now? You could collapse! And don’t even think about switching to vaping! That’s worse for you. All the particles in the water are absorbed faster into your cells! It’s certain death!” A crowd started gathering around, the commotion luring them in. “This man peddles death to line his pockets! Look at all those cigarettes! Sure, they’re vices, and I don’t judge people their vices, but I want to see you all live full and healthy lives!”
Once Cas pulled the rod out, he dismissed the groups back to their benches. He winked at Dean again, promising he'd be right there. Dean crossed over to their bench and positioned himself carefully so no one could see him adjust himself.
“It’s Gabriel’s restaurant.” Cas blushed. “It only opened last week, but he said I could bring you this week.”
Sam sat quietly in the peace of the library. Between texting with Eileen, researching a possible hunt, and maybe playing an occasional game on his phone, the morning’s events ended up pushed to the back of his mind. As he finished sending off a response to Eileen, Dean came barging into the library.
"Dean. I wouldn't ask you if I had another option. I know you're not fond of bugs, but do you honestly think that I broke my leg on purpose? To make you have to interact with them?" Cas huffed as he tried to reach down his cast to scratch himself. "Because let me tell you how much fun I'm having right now."
“Sucking someone’s dick doesn’t equate sleeping with them! That’s not sex!”
“Lisa, I love you, but we’re done.” Dean shook his head and firmed up his stance as Lisa tried to argue. “I should have broken up with you this morning, finding out that you lied by omission. Just… Get out.”
"Yuck it up, Cas. You still have a week and a half before this mouth gets anywhere near..." Dean gestured at Cas' crotch. "So it's your loss, really."
Dean turned, slowly facing the small crowd. Lydia’s father was on his feet, seething, and her daughter was bawling, curled up in a ball. Dean’s heart sunk. He wanted nothing more than to go and scoop the girl up in his arms and hug her.
[Claire 2:37 AM] I need help with a hunt.
“Where are you going?”
“Not focusing on the ball,” Cas commented as he effortlessly sunk it into the pocket on the opposite side. “I’m focused on you and the need to get you out of here.” Cas nuzzled behind Dean’s ear, inhaling deeply and pulling a whine from him. “Need to claim you as mine.”
Dean gasped in surprise, causing Cas to practically jump to check on him. He swatted at Cas’ hands again. “I’m fine… just… you love me too?”
Dean felt Sam lift his head and cradle it on his knees, asking him to stay awake, begging him to stay. Then he felt Cas falling to his knees at his other side. With his vision fading, Dean was unsure what Cas was doing, but he could feel his angel’s fingers near the knife that the demon got him with. As Dean slowly lost consciousness, he thought he felt someone’s fingers run through his hair as a soft, deep voice asked for forgiveness.
"Dude, you were interviewing for a job." Dean brought the back of Cas' hand to his mouth and kissed it. "So, I have to know. It sounded good, and it sounds like you've got what, a follow-up tomorrow?"
Cas closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “That’s not true. You are purposely sabotaging yourself, and I wish you wouldn’t.” He leaned on the counter next to Dean and gently cupped Dean’s cheek. “If you would just trust in yourself and believe in yourself? You’d see that the world is not out to get you.”
[Dean 3:03 AM] We should be there by 6:30.
Dean cut him off, walking Cas backward until he bumped into one of the displays. Dean took the opportunity to capture Cas’ lips with his own, kissing him softly as he brought his hand up to cup Cas’ cheek. Dean pulled back slowly and reluctantly. “Cas? I hate to break it to you, Sunshine, but I have always loved you. I was afraid to admit it, partially because I didn't realize it, somewhat because I was scared you didn’t love me back. And maybe slightly because of where we live.” He rested his forehead against Cas’ and let out a small sigh. “I’m sorry.”
"Shut up."
Dean moved in closer and jabbed his finger at her. “No, I didn’t, and you’re not going to say a damn thing about it either.”
And not in Cas' bee suit.
“And I wasn’t yours?” Cassie crossed her arms over her chest and stared at Dean, cocking her eyebrow.
“So what’s the plan, Dean?” Ash asked as Dean walked back outside with his acquired goods. “You gonna wow us with your art skills?”
“You don’t get it?” Dean stopped dead, nearly tumbling over at his sudden lack of movement. “You’re the one who told me that Cas Novak RSVP’d to the Reunion!”
“Better than okay.” Dean arched his back as Cas started stroking his cock. “I can’t believe I’ve been missing out on this.”
[Claire 2:19 AM] Dean?
Victor and Sarah turned to look at Dean as the guy headed towards the exit. They turned back to Dean and looked down at the paper.
“It’s all good. I’m sure it gets boring standing behind that counter.” The man watched the price display before taking a look at Dean. “Wait a sec. Dean? Dean Winchester? Class of 2004?” The man held out his hand. “Victor. Victor Hendrickson.”
“Yeah. It’s taken up refuge in the Elkhorn River, right outside of town. While we’re not sure how it got here, it’s been causing all kinds of chaos.” Kaia sat down next to Dean and pointed at various spots. “Water spouts, raining frogs, pulling people into the river off the shore…” She sighed. “It injured several people and killed two.”
"That being said, this is how we can tell if you're inhaling on the pipe." Cas carefully snapped the balloon. "As long as you're only breathing in through your nose, this will inflate." Cas walked up next to Dean as he brought the rod to his lips. "Although, if I'm reading the situation right, I have a feeling this may be the part you excel at."
“I see. You still talk with Andrea?” He turned to fully face her, completely blowing off Dean.
12:05 PM
“Look, man, I don’t go around and pick on your vices. Let me have mine.” The original customer looked back at Dean. “My smokes?”
"Yeah, would that bluebird happen to be named Joanna Beth? Cause I'll kick her ass." Charlie looked over at the bar and flipped off Jo, who smiled and winked before moving on to the next customer. "Ugh. Can't stay mad at her. We're moving in together."
Dean kicked at the parapet, cursing when his foot made contact. “God damned son of a bitch.” He turned and looked at the group. “I’m sorry… I…”
"Speaking of one of a kind, Dean," Garth interjected. "How's the guy who won over your heart?"
“Need to at least break even for the day,” Dean replied, his voice quiet and broken. “Can’t do that if the store’s closed.”
“Uh, I guess?” Dean reached into his pockets and started for his keys. “Where you going?”
Dean and Cas had gotten a hold of almost every player. Those they spoke to all agreed to come to the
“A few months now.” Cas had the decency to blush. “She saw that I RSVP’d instead of donating. She wanted to make sure that was right, and we just… picked up like we never stopped talking.”
"Well done, Dean. Clear off your pipe and put it away." Cas turned and started talking to the rest of the class. "Alright, guys, we're at the end of today's lesson. It looks like everyone has gotten the hang of dipping and gathering. If you're not too busy before our next class, I recommend pulling up a few videos to keep it fresh in your mind. Next week, you all get to learn how to blow."
“Fine.” Claire rolled her eyes, but Dean could clearly see the fondness she was trying to hide.
"Is it my loss?" Cas walked Dean backward, pinning him against the counter. "Cause the last time you gave me a blow job, you were the one begging to wrap your lips around my cock for a taste."
“Asked me on a date.”
Cas walked over to the bed with Dean in tow and sat down. He pulled Dean down next to him and smiled softly. “I wanted to thank you for the past couple of months. I was nervous when Mrs. Moseley asked me to tutor you, but you showed me that I had no reason to fear.” Cas rested his hand on Dean’s neck and started gently running his thumb along the skin. “You’ve made me feel… alive.”
Within minutes, a pair of ambulances and a cop car pulled up in front of the shop. The cops took statements from Cas and Dean while the EMTs loaded Cassie up into one ambulance and the dead porno guy into the other.
“What was that?” Cas tilted his head, and a look of something almost unrecognizable flashed across the former angel’s face: Fear.
"It's all on you now, Dean." Cas' voice almost sounded like a purr. "You need to do a few by yourself."
"Pardon me?" Cas' voice took on a deeper, darker tone that sent shivers up Dean's spine. "So what exactly happens if they do call?"
Once the hive appeared to be completely settled, Dean took a deep breath and pulled out the first frame. He stared at it in amazement, having never been so close to live honeycomb before. A bee was on it, and Dean watched as it continued to work without a care in the world. He smiled softly and, though he would never admit it, he could start to understand why these little guys meant so much to Cas. He went through the rotating process, as Cas had documented, cleaning out debris, making sure there were no dead bees, and taking note of how full the frames were. Once completed, his smile broadened. While he still shivered at the thought of the bees crawling all over him, he knew he could do it. He'd take care of the little fuckers until Cas could get back to it himself.
Once everyone had arrived, Dean had hastily written up a sign:
“Because I’m not sure that I actually want to marry Dagon. At least not without knowing one thing.” Cassie’s voice was frantic but soft. The bell over the door chimed, and Cassie startled before leaning in closer to finish her thought. “I’ve never gotten over you.” She looked up at Dean, her big doe eyes starting to water with the threat of tears.
“Yeah. Course I am. Just tired. Been up since the asscrack of dawn when the old man called me.” Dean quickly reached for the book of crossword puzzles he kept behind the counter and turned to the last one he worked on. “So, who opened Rentflix this morning?”
Dean shrugged. "It could happen." He looked through the peephole and cursed under his breath. "It's Garth."
“Oh, hell no, Cas.” Dean chuckled breathlessly. “You are not apologizing for that.” He cupped Cas’ chin and pulled him up for another kiss, softer and sweeter than the fervent, demanding ones from before. “It may have been a shitty circumstance, but that was easily one of our top five.”
“I can make any reason the right reason, good-lookin’.” She offered her hand. “Name’s Desiree. Yours?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “You get paid for standing around all day.”
Lydia Martin.
"This is a punty." Cas pulled out another rod after putting the blowpipe back. "Once you form the shape of your project, you get a little bit of molten glass on the end of this and stick it on the bottom of your piece. It helps stabilize it and allows for a transfer when you're ready to finish the top of your piece."
Cas stomped on Dean’s foot, causing him to cry out in pain. He quickly changed it to what he hoped would pass as in sadness. Cas helped him yank at the same time, successfully pulling his keys free.
“Wait until you get a taste.” A shorter blonde guy came up to the two of them. “Cassie, is this Dean?”
“What?” Cassie responded, clearly confused until she looked over her shoulder. “Oh. Castiel.” She stood up straight and watched Dean for a moment before looking at Cas. “Huh.”
Dean nodded. "He's probably figured out that I'm not good for him. He's an angel, for fuck's sake. They're not even supposed to... whatever it is he and I had."
“I wonder why…” Cas replied dryly. Kaia snorted before giving Claire an apologetic look.
Past Eli.
“Hmm?” Cas stirred before sitting up and looking around. “Oh. Crap. I’m sorry, Dean.”
[Dean 2:41 AM] Me and Cas are on the way.
“You insufferable…” Cas dragged his hand down his face. “Of course I love you. I was lost when I rescued you from hell. I didn’t know what it was at the time, but you changed me. Your soul changed me. You taught me so much, including the knowledge that the feeling I have for you is love.”
Three - Playing hockey.
Cas lead them to a slightly smaller furnace closer to one of the benches. "This is a glory hole. There's one that goes with each bench..."
“Oh god, don’t remind me.”
“Too many words, Dean,” Cas complained as Dean shoved him into the backseat of the Impala. “I want to ride upfront.”
“Carolyn Cassady,” Dean replied quickly. “Look, all you have to do is tutor me. It doesn’t have to be here. Let’s grab a burger. My aunt…”
"I know that my return is surprising you, especially considering that I said I would be gone for a day or two. But it seems like something else has caught you off guard.”
"Yeah, you can't perform fellatio on your boyfriend for two weeks."
"It better be. Eileen picked them up from the Roadhouse on the way home from work." Sam spoke and signed as he smiled at Eileen.
“Dean… Please. I’m trying to right a wrong.” She looked around the mart, and after confirming it was only the two of them in the shop, she leaned forward. “I don’t want to marry Dagon.”
Dean tilted his head to the side. It had been a few weeks since Cas started ‘tutoring’ him, and this was the first time Cas had mentioned any family members. “Did I rock the boat?”
“Hey, Dean-O!”
“Missouri…”
“Oh, no.” Lisa laughed awkwardly. “I got the position at the Yoga studio after I got my certifications completed. It’s much better there.”
Dean couldn’t help himself and scoffed. “Yeah, like I’m gonna believe that, Lis.” When she didn’t respond, Dean stood up and shook his head. “You’re telling me that you sucked that guy’s dick? Lisa! He looks like a walking STD!”
Dean let out a small sigh of relief. Cas was a lifesaver, even if she didn’t realize it at this point. “Yeah, it’s Cas. He works next door.”
Dean waved his hand, shooing Sam out of the room. "I hear you loud and clear." He paused. "Thanks, Bitch."
“Why leave when I have everything I want here?”
“You’re seriously going to buy those? Have you not seen what those murder sticks do to your lungs?”
of my dreams.” Cassie corrected. “Dagon is a woman. I met her my senior year of college. We were both taking an elective—”
Lisa is… was good for him. She checked off so many of the boxes on his ridiculous list. She was fun to spend time with. She knew how to lift Dean’s spirits. She brought him out of his shell. And of course, there was the fact that Lisa was one of the bendiest people Dean had ever met.
“That was skill.” Dean watched as Charlie cut through the crowd.
“Yes, she texted me that they’re in room 401.” Cas handed over Dean’s duffel before grabbing his own and slinging it over his shoulder. “And she says she has your damn coffee.”
“Nah, I have this test in the bag, and you can hold me to that.” Dean kicked his feet up on the bench Cas was sitting on. “So, you’re learning about me tonight. Wanna tell me more about you?”
“Did you forget that I’m an angel?” Cas appeared in front of Dean. He grabbed and turned Dean before shoving him down onto the bed. “I am rather impressed that you were able to get so far from the Impala, though.”
“Yeah, why?”
"Well, your secret is safe with me, believe it or not." Garth offered them both a smile. "But honestly, not a single one of us would judge you, and if you're afraid of being judged by others, know that we have your back." Garth nodded and headed towards the door. "See you guys at the next trivia night." He exited, pulling the door shut behind him.
“Wait, wait, wait.” Dean’s jaw drops. “You love me?”
Dean scoffed. If there were someone nicer than Garth, he'd eat his shoe. Painful tooth or not. He opened his mouth when Garth tapped on it, and within a matter of moments, Garth shook his head. The dentist pulled back his hands and cut Dean a look.
“I got it, Cas,” Dean gritted through his teeth. His fingers hooked around the keys, but when he tried to pull, they wouldn’t budge. “The fuck?”
“I… uh… this song.”
"Well, now that you all know what we're doing, let's go." Cas clapped his hands together and led the group over to the central furnace he had shown them the previous week. "You guys will be using the furnace closer to the benches, but this is our largest, and you'll all be able to see what I'm doing."
“I wasn’t sure I was actually speaking.” Dean swatted his brother’s hand away. “Where is he?”
“You said you were here between noon and three.”
“Ash, Dean said no,” Cas responded.
“How do you feel?” Cas looked up at Dean before nuzzling into his neck. “I know that was quick and dirty, and I’m sorry, I know you deserve more…”
’s front door, slipped inside, and locked it behind him before running to the back.
“Dude, people like you are the reason I don’t come to the reunions.”
“I said no.” Dean lifted his eyes, not moving another muscle, to stare down Ash.
"You wouldn't dare." Dean jabbed his finger at Sam before standing up and storming out of the library.
“The fuck do you mean ‘the fuck,’ Dean?” Cas whispered nervously as he looked over Dean’s shoulder. “Get your keys out.”
“You gonna chase us off?”
9:10 AM
“Excuse me?”
The man looked up, squinting due to the sun in his eyes. He glanced back down at the door -
"You told me to keep doing what I was doing, should one of the places I applied to call." Cas climbed off the bed, collapsing the bar and setting it on the nightstand before crossing to the bathroom. He returned with a warm washcloth and helped Dean roll over onto his back. "Did you honestly want me to stop?"
Dean swallowed down another whine as he focused on the road ahead. “Not gonna lie, Cas. Whatever the siren’s venom is doing to you? I don’t remember it having this kind of effect on me.”
“Wait, what? Weeks ago?” Dean grabbed the back of his seat as he sat. “What’s going on here?”
“Because I only had three guys shove their dicks in my pussy!” She crossed her arms over her chest. “Fucking is not the same as head!”
Cas shook his head. “No. You martyr yourself for everyone else every chance you get.”
“Yeah. I get it.” Dean hung his head and waited until everyone headed off the roof.
[Dean 11:11 AM]: So how do we deal with a Fomorian?
Thinking on it, if John could see that Dean was in love with Cas, did that mean Cas could too?
The unknown person pushed between Victor and Sarah and slapped a piece of paper on the counter. “This is for you then, Mr. Winchester. Thank you for your time.”
"Well, no..."
"Oh, hold on!" Sam pushed himself out of his seat and ran into the kitchen, coming back a moment later with an envelope in his hand. "Happy Birthday, Jerk."
“I wasn’t actually expecting you to answer.” Cas gently punched Dean in the shoulder to grab his attention. He pointed forward, indicating to Dean to move forward. "You know, out of all your exes, Lydia's the only one I liked."
"Nope, it went fine. You uh, you weren't kidding about them being docile."
“What, Dean?”
"Absolutely. No, I really appreciate that. Mr. Mullens." Cas pulled his fingers from Dean's mouth and started to stroke his cock again. "Yes, I look forward to talking to you tomorrow, and I'll keep an eye out for that email. Thank you again."
“Seriously?” Dean picked up the paper and started reading. “WHAT THE FUCK?” He bolted out from behind the counter and out the front door. “DUDE! DUDE!” Dean caught up to the man. “A $500 fine?! What the fuck for?”
The asshole smiled at Dean. “Oh, here it comes. The speech about how he’s just doing his job and following orders.” He looked back at the—
Frank nodded. “Absolutely. The job ended up getting picked up by one of my competitors. Now, I don’t like seeing anything bad happening to anyone, but shortly after the job started? The Mathers family put a hit on Roman. Roman wasn’t there, but my competition was. He ended up in the crossfire and was shot and killed. They hadn’t even got the framing up for the addition.”
Cassie looked over he shoulder as she walked towards the exit. “I’d hurt anyone for the right reasons.” She pushed open the door and smiled at Dean. “One hour. Think
Cas waved Gabriel over, and after they put in their orders, he replied to Dean. “It was okay. Mom was wondering if I had submitted my choice of college yet. I told her that the deadline was at the end of the month.”
“Well, for what it’s worth, Dean. I’ve been in love with you for the longest time.” Dean whimpered at both Cas’ confession and the sudden lack of warmth around his cock. “Patience, Dean.” The sound of Cas’ pants coming undone piqued Dean’s interest.
After getting the cash drawer for the til, Dean quickly found an old sheet and grabbed a shoe polish bottle off one of the shelves. He made his way back to the front of the store. Dean ducked behind the counter and pulled out a roll of duct tape.
"That's my good boy. So good to me. Let me take an interview and kept me warm while doing so." Cas' movements turned frantic and erratic before he froze with his own groan. "That's it, Boy. So good to me. Say my name, Dean. Come for me and say my name."
“I am…” Victor side-eyed Dean before looking back at the woman. “And you are?”
His only response was a growl from Cas. He made sure that Baby was shut off and slid her key into his pocket before opening the door. He stepped a foot outside and made sure the motel card was in his hand before looking at Cas. “Three seconds, Sunshine.” He leaped out of the car and sprinted towards the door, barely acknowledging the slam of the driver’s-side door.
“I’ll take whatever he gets, but if there are mushrooms, hold them, please,” Cas asked politely, his hands folded in his lap. “I’m not fond of them.”
blame himself for not keeping track of how many demons were in the building. With his attention on Cas, Dean hadn’t been prepared for the other monster who stabbed him in the side. Deeply. Dean crumbled, collapsing hard and fast, the shock and pain knocking the wind out of him. He forced his eyes open long enough to see Cas bound across the room and place his hand on the demon’s forehead, smiting him to oblivion.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean stole a kiss before falling back into the pillows. “You have me. All of me.”
Lisa tugged on his hair, causing him to yelp. “No one said you both couldn’t leave or chase your own dreams. You have a weird sense of loyalty to your father. It’s almost like Stockholm Syndrome or something.”
Dean nodded and stood up. He walked over between Sam and Eileen, slapping Sam on the shoulder before pulling Eileen into a hug. "Thank you, guys. I mean it. I'll give Charlie a call on the way home and thank her too."
Cas smiled, a rare show of affection from the angel, and Dean felt his face flush with warmth. "I told him what I just told you. I love you."
"I've only been waiting for you, beloved." Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "I'll be honest, I've wanted to hold your hand in public, hug you, surprise you with kisses. But I am yours, and you're mine. Being with you is what makes me happy."
Charlie smirked as she smacked Ash’s shoulder and pointed at Dean. Ash nodded and laughed before translating for Dean. “Red here says you’re full of shit, Dean-O.”
“We’ve got the cancer merchant scared!” The guy continued riling up the crowd. “We’re going to shut down this cancer merchant for good! Down with the cancer merchant!”
Dean nodded. “Yeah. Okay. It’s been slow. The store will be fine for an hour.”
Cas nodded as he continued pawing and tearing at Dean’s shirts. “You only said to give chase. You knew how this would end. Why delay the inevitable?”
[Claire 2:42 AM] No! Kaia and I can handle it.
"Alright, Dean. Let me take a look." Garth washed his hands, slid on his gloves, and set the chair back. "When's the last time you were at the dentist?" Dean didn't respond, clearly answering Garth's question. "Dean. Twice a year. I will set you up with my partner, but you need to come to see him. Understood? He's a lot nicer than me."
“Frank sat there and told you that the people who worked on the Death Star were either hostages or complicit.” Cas flicked his paper back up. “When will you see that it’s a fucking metaphor?” He turned the page and continued reading. “It won’t be too long before something explodes in your life.”
“Shut up.” Dean chased after Lisa, leaving the customer at the counter. “Where are you going?”
“Yeah, I’m good.” Cas’ typically low voice cracked, causing him to cough and clear his throat. “I’m okay. Promise.”
“Seriously? No fucking way!” Dean reached into Cas’ book bag and pulled out Cas’ test. “Yeah. I knew I didn’t. But I appreciate you trying to inflate my ego even larger.” He slid the packet of papers back into Cas’ backpack.
"Hello, Dean." Cas walked up and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist, pulling him in close for a hug. "I'm sorry I didn't come after you last night. But based on your reaction, I figured you didn't want to give them any hints as to who your mystery boyfriend is."
As well as pulling the coffin towards them.
Dean looked up, raising an eyebrow in confusion. “Would this have anything to do with why you didn’t go to bed?”
Dean twirled his keys around his finger and walked out from behind the counter. “I’m going to go out with Cassie. As friends. And I’m not going to go dressed like this.” When Cas started to protest, Dean jabbed a finger in his direction. “You’re going to watch the shop for me, ‘cause you owe me.”
[Dean 2:33 AM] Watch it.
“This is priceless.”
“Not even supposed to be here today. Trust me, I’m well aware of that fact, Dean.” Cas pushed the container closer to Dean. “Lasagna. Made it fresh this morning.”
“I know it’s hard for us, Dean. And until we get out of town, I’m okay hiding. But I wanted you to make sure you know I’m yours.” Cas leaned in and kissed Dean softly, a fleeting touch that Dean could barely comprehend. “I love you, Dean.”
“There’s no way in hell you’ve been waiting nearly fifteen years to apologize.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Hell, you saw me here in town on multiple occasions when you came home to visit your folks, and you never once apologized then.”
Once inside, the only thing that Dean could think of was how fucking hot it was. There were at least a dozen different furnaces going. Clearly, it would have cost a small fortune to run any kind of AC against those temperatures. Some large barn doors were open, but even the cold January air didn't do much to combat the 2,000+ degree temperatures the furnaces were pumping out.
"Uh, the usual. Got a new client, though—a much more high-profile one than any of my others. But there's an NDA in place. Can't say who they are unless we actually have to go to court or something. It's unlikely that we'll have to, but you never know." Sam grabbed his own beer and looked over at Charlie. "A little bluebird told me you have some exciting news."
“Then we stay, Cas.” Sam shut off the car. “I’ll help you get him out.” He got out of the Impala and closed his door before slowly opening Cas’.
“Look where she’s getting married, Assbutt.” Cas ran his finger down the page, stopping on the location.
“What happened?” Dean looked up from the research and watched the girls across from him. As they hesitated to respond, he continued. “Calling Jody isn’t off the table.”
Dean couldn't help but agree with that statement as he fought down the need to come.
"That is correct, Kevin." Cas opened the door to the furnace and grabbed a blowpipe. "Glassblowing, while a science, is also an art. Do you learn how to paint or write or play music without being hands-on about it?"
“I don’t believe so. It was my understanding that she and Gilda made these arrangements a few weeks ago.” Cas pointed to the table. “Sit with me a while?”
[Dean 2:40 AM] Text me your coordinates.
“Come on, Ash.” Cas walked out from behind the counter. “I’ll walk you to the car and buy some weed off of you. You just need to get out of here now.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
Dean whimpered softly. "Come on, Cas. Don't leave me hanging.'
Dean slapped away Sam’s hand. “Clearly, I’m not now.”
“Please, Cas. Please, please, pleaaaaaaaa—” Dean’s pleas dragged out as Cas started stroking their cocks together, moving them in sync as he thrust up into his hand. “Oh fuck. Fuck fuckfuckfuck.”
As they watched the Fomorian rise out of the depths of the river, Dean thought back to his earlier conversation with Claire. She had asked— already knowing the answer —if he would be okay if Cas were the one making the offering. Dean knew that he would have made a million excuses: Cas has only been back from the Empty for a couple of months. Cas was still getting used to being human. But the truth, as Claire had not-so-eloquently pointed out, was that Dean was scared. He had lost Cas too many times, and he wouldn’t survive another. Tearing his eyes away from Kaia, Dean focused on Cas, thinking about what Claire had said.
“Dean. Wake up. Get your ass out of bed.”
“I really don’t think you get how serious your injury was. Is. Cas thought you were going to die.”
“Not sure I have time for that.” Cas grabbed the pool cue from Dean’s hands before cupping his hand on Dean’s cheek. He quickly scanned Dean’s vitals and let out a sigh of relief.
"I'm glad, boy. Just remember that you can't come until I do." Cas started to slowly rock back and forth, bringing out a litany of curses from Dean's mouth.
“Christ, Sammy. Fine.” Dean attempted to relax down into the pillow and turned his head towards Cas. “How long has he been out for?”
Dean was sitting up in the bed, shirtless, and his blanket pulled up over his lap. Around Dean’s waist, a sleeping Cas had wrapped his arms, hugging Dean tightly even as he slumbered and regained his grace.
And I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live. -
"Where's Sam?", Dean asks quite a while later. "Do you see him?"
"Yes. ... Good rescue, Cas."
Correspondingly, the gruff voice in his mind does not sound convinced.
, Dean thinks.
Dean slams the table. „That‘s it. We‘re doing a Constantine movie night for your birthday today.“
Getting the hint, Cas starts grinding against him, and Dean whimpers at the sensation."All right?", Cas asks, his voice a soft whisper.
Castiel puts a hand on Dean's shoulder, asking "Sam, Dean, let us go?"
With a swift move, Dean is at his side, closing the laptop. "Nuh-uh. No way. You're coming with us."
Slowly, a smile spreads on Cas' face. "I will not, then." It takes Cas a while to find the rhythm again, but a short while later they are both panting and gasping for air.
The expression on Cas' face is sheer horror. "No." He shakes his head. "No. You cannot be here. This place... it is not for humans."
"Yeah, you got that something-
", Cas says, softly.
"Oh." Dean raises his eyebrows. "In this case, of course. Yes. I... I'm letting you in."
So they sit down, looking out over the water.
"Weird", Alex comments.
"Huh? What?", Sam asks, frowning.
"I can", Amara confirms.
And there it is, at least. The truth. The realization washes over Dean, resulting in letting out a relieved laugh, and it feels like he is letting go of decades of self-doubt, second-guessing and inhibitions with that one laugh. "I love you too, Cas. Don't you know that?" His voice, still full of tears, has gone soft. "How could you not know that?"
"Yes", Dean mumbles, feeling light-headed. "Very all right."
"What sock?", Cas asks, knitting his eyebrows in confusion.
With more force than necessary, Dean lets the blade clatter onto the table. "What the hell are you doing?“
"Whoa. Why? I mean, he isn't that bad, is he?"
"Oh, sure. You could make another stupid deal or the like", Amara comments. "But that is the only way which will not have further consequences."
Cas points to the working surface with a helpless gesture. "She suggested I could bake some heart-shaped mini-pies for you, and I... as you can see, they turned out too dark. I do not think they taste good. I am sorry, Dean."
"I have no idea. I doubt it.", Cas replies quietly, squeezing Dean's hand.
With a sigh, Castiel turns back to John, muttering "I suppose."
"Yes, definitely", Cas agrees.
Cas shudders, then straightens up, already looking much better. "You are not getting rid of me that easily, Dean", Cas assures him. "Now, what was it you wanted to say?"
"You getting in or what?", Dean asks Cas. "Get in, angel. Oh. Wait, no. You aren't one anymore because you made this idiotic deal."
"I started last time. It's your turn."
Cas gives him only a brief glance. "Angel of the Lord."
"Wonderful!", Jack blurts out, grabbing Dean's arm and pulling him away.
Cas raises his eyebrows. "Why did what not work?"
"You thought you were doing the right thing", Cas reminds him.
prefer you to leave Sam and Dean alone as long as you cannot see the damage you have done." Castiel is smiling, but there is no warmth in it.
“Dean,
Sometimes the good dreams are memories, bathed in the gauzy warmth of youth and blurred out at the edges. Dean dreams of grass between his toes in the backyard of his childhood home, of eating ice cream with Sam that he’d paid for in nickels and dimes, and how it leaves his hands sticky and sweet in the warmth of the summer sun. He dreams of watching the stars, sprawled out on a blanket in a field that no one cares to remember, the impala beside him as he revels in his solitude. By contrast, some dreams are not memories, exactly, but merely wishful thinking. The coolness of the wet sand beneath his toes as he gazes out at the ocean before him, a white picket fence and a freshly mowed lawn–although he’d never admit that out loud. Some dreams are of fishing, where it’s always a warm autumn day and he never runs out of bait.
“Nothing useful,” Castiel replies, not meeting Dean’s eyes. He sighs, his breath clouding up the frigid January air. He kicks at the slush on the ground.
Cas has been slipping in and out of clarity, and now, as Dean watches him, his gaze becomes focused once more, and just the feeling of Castiel’s unwavering attention on him is breathtaking.
Dean laughs loudly at that, but it’s painfully insincere. “Seems like you have a knack for overestimating your importance.” The knife is still in his hands, and he lashes out quickly, carving a thin stripe onto the side of the demon's face. Belphegor cries out and his eyes flash, pure black and chillingly empty, but this cut isn’t as deep as the others. It’s merely a warning. Belphegor sneers all the same, his tone dripping with contempt in a way it never had before.
“You’re no fun.”
“You know I can’t watch this, Dean.”
DEAN: You on, Cas? How’s it coming?
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean half-smiles, and it’s miserable and apologetic, but it’s the resignation in his tone that scares Castiel the most. “I’m gonna have to ask you to break your promise.”
Cas only shakes his head, his expression turning stern and almost entirely lucid for the first time in hours. “Dean, there is no other way. You know that. It’s the croatoan virus. There’s nothing in the world that can cure something specifically engineered by Pestilence himself. It’s deadly, in every sense of the word so I’m sorry, but there’s no fixing me, there’s no saving me, Dean. Not from this.”
DEAN: You got him? Fuck, okay back to the truck now, go! All teams check in.
CHARLIE: I’ll let him know. Hey, Cas… are you doing okay? At the briefing–
LEE: Everyone’s accounted for here too.
CASTIEL: Don’t worry, we always do. Over and out.
“Wait, wait, hold on a second,'' Belphegor responds hurriedly, and Dean suppresses the urge to act smug. The demon raises his eyebrows defiantly. “Maybe I’m feeling generous too.”
CASTIEL: Copy that. We’re ready to go when he is.
“Hey, why would I lie?”
“You know me, probably better than anyone has my whole life. Better sometimes, than I even know myself. But still, you don’t seem to understand.” He eases open Castiel’s hands, balled up into fists, until he can lace their fingers together. Dean doesn’t seem to mind the way Cas’s palms are sweat-damp and sickly, nor does he mind the tremors that wrack Castiel’s whole being, that haven’t stopped since the moment he woke up. Instead Dean binds their hands together tighter, as if by force of will alone he could stop the shaking. “I can’t do this without you, Cas. Especially not now. And it’s not like before, because god knows how many battles I’ve lost in my lifetime. How many people I've had to say goodbye to. But this… I’m already broken, I know that. I have barely anything left to give up. Losing you, though, there wouldn’t even be any pieces left to pick up. Nothing but dust. So look at me, Cas. Really look, and tell me that I can live without you. Because, honestly, the way I'm feeling, I just–I know that I can't.”
CHARLIE: I heard about the mission today. I'm so sorry, they were supposed to be gone by the time you got there. If I’d known–
In the recesses of their chest, there is no longer birdsong, and Castiel revels in the silence.
CAS: On it.
Despite himself, Dean chuckles lightly. He looks at Cas, bemused. “The ‘haps? The ‘haps, Cas, is we caught ourselves another punk-ass demon that had a lot to say, very little of which was useful. Useful enough, though. Got a name out of him.” Dean turns away, looking up at the ceiling. “Belphegor.” Cas nods in acknowledgment, but Dean can't help but notice the slackness of his movements even in his periphery. Dean clears his throat. “There’s a briefing at 05:00 tomorrow morning. That’s why I came. You’ll be ready, right?”
For a brief moment, Dean stands still, because Lee is standing in a broken-down looking boat in the middle of the lake and he’s holding a gun in his hand, pointing it at Benny and the others who are yelling at him from the lakeside and fuck. Please let that be just a gun. Please let it be just any other gun.
CHARLIE: ...I’ll try.
“Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.” Dean puts on a smile for him, making sure that it’s wide enough to crinkle the corners of his eyes, but even now he feels the weight of his guile tugging down his lips at the corners until his smile falls flat. Neither of them speaks for a moment, until, at last, Dean clears his throat and attempts a smile once again. “I know this was too much to ask,” he says finally, “and I’m so sorry for the weight I’ve put on your shoulders. I really am. I wish things could’ve gone down differently, but I just couldn’t let him–”
The two of them gaze at each other for a few seconds more, then Cas slips quietly out the door, leaving Dean with nothing but an empty room and a phantom buzz that lingers underneath the pads of his fingertips for ages.
ago, and who knows how far he got if he was even able to move. What if we’re wasting all this time when he’s still where Lee left him? If we find him just a second too late? And he could be–god, he could already be–” Dean chokes down a sob and swipes at his face to rid himself of tears he doesn’t remember falling. “I love him, Charlie, so much it hurts, and if I lose him, especially like this…” Dean chews at his lips until they’re near bleeding. He can’t think straight, and his vision is dangerously watery at the corners. He turns his gaze to Charlie, remorseful. “And this shouldn’t even be about me. He’s your friend too and I took that from you. I don’t know how you can even look at me.”
After another minute, the croat finally walks away, joining his peers, and once they’re at a safe enough distance Castiel lets himself exhale again. It’s shaky, and hangs foggy in the chill air. Cas closes his eyes, sinking to the ground, but he’s not even relieved. In his terror, his blood feels ice cold in his veins.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“You’d have known if you had bothered to ask.” Castiel opens his eyes lazily and pushes himself up so he’s sitting up, folded in half with his knees still bent. He tilts his head, looking up at Dean. “You look terrible.”
“Is that it?”
And that’s the last straw, because even now, Dean realizes, Lee’s just looking out for himself the way he always has. The way Dean should’ve realized he has been all along, and that vile realization makes Dean hate himself infinitely more–especially because his willing ignorance may have come at the cost of his best friend’s life. Cas, who puts everyone else above himself time after time, whose intentions have never strayed from what is good, and kind, and just. Dean’s expression hardens.
“You have something you wanna get off your chest, Cas?”
Besides, Castiel thinks to himself as he pads quietly but purposefully through the dense foliage, it has been something of a comfort. Telling a hypothetical Dean all the things the real Dean would never want to hear out loud. It’s cathartic, and perhaps it’ll make things easier between them once–if–he makes it back home. And if he doesn’t make it home, then at least, hopefully,  Dean will know. There’s solace in that, in knowing that even if the worse comes to pass, he’s at least tried his hardest to be there for Dean one last time. Castiel can rest easy with that knowledge, if it comes to that.
CASTIEL: Hello? This is Castiel, does anyone copy?
Castiel finds themself at a loss for words at that because, while they are in awe of creation, and always have been, there is no good way to say it. That nothing, none of it, compares to Dean Winchester. That’s an admission that Castiel is not near ready to make, so instead, they settle for a shrug and a simple:
“So,” Cas finally drawls, stretching out the ‘o’ so the word hangs in the air a few moments too long. “What’s the ‘haps?”
“Hey, hey, you’re okay. Come on.” Castiel laughs loudly at that, frightfully so, and god, what Dean wouldn’t do to see that smile grace his face for any reason but this.
The searches bring with them a whole new kind of anxiety, because, with everything in him, Dean wants to call out Cas’s name, to race frantically through the trees leaving no stone unturned, and every moment he’s a hair’s breadth away from doing exactly that–but he knows that he can’t. He’s endangered everyone’s lives enough by bringing them here in the first place. He’s not going to put them all at further risk by acting out, even if he wants to. He won’t turn them all into a beacon for wandering croats, demons, and any other brand of evil that might be lurking nearby.
“Dean–”
“I’m tired, Cas, okay? You wanted to know how I am? I’m fucking tired, because we’ve been fighting a losing war for years with no end in sight. I'm tired of chasing demon after demon with next to nothing to show for it. I'm tired of losing people. Ash. Donna. Bobby.”
Cas, check in. Castiel, check in right now. What is your position, I repeat, what is your position?
was your best option. You threw it away when you left Cas alone to rot. So no, you don’t get to look back fondly on the past. You don’t get anything. Not anymore.“ Dean shuts his eyes. He steadies his breathing.
DEAN: He’s… Yeah. It’s true. But I’ll handle it. It’ll be okay.
BENNY: Fuck. There's so many, why are there so many–
“That’s okay,” Dean murmurs, taking one of Cas’s hands into his. “I’ve got you.”
“Sounds like a plan, chief,” Benny replies good-naturedly, and he offers Dean a small reassuring smile before jogging off to ensure everything is prepared. Dean sighs and hesitates, standing still for just a moment. He inhales deeply and tries to clear his mind, to steady himself, and to prepare for whatever he might find once they leave.
Dean watches as Lee’s grip on the colt goes lax and the slips from his fingers.
Dean’s transceiver crackles to life, thankfully interrupting him. Charlie looks over at Dean sadly, but Dean’s already clearing his throat and blinking away the beginnings of tears that had welled up in his eyes.
“How ‘bout the end of the world. That ring any bells for you?”
[ January 26, 2014. 12:37 ]
BENNY: Alright. Okay. So… what now?
JANUARY 26, 2014: POST-INTERROGATION, MISSION #237.
And then there’s the guilt. The feverish shame creeping up his spine, up his throat, and latching on tight. It’s all wrong. Everything’s wrong, and he is to blame. It’s his fault for bringing them back to the bunker, dead-set on a mission of vengeance that was misdirected anyway. It’s his fault again, always,
But he doesn’t do that, because Dean Winchester doesn’t get to keep the things he loves.
He doesn’t have to wait long.
“I don’t know about that,” Benny chuckles quietly, his gaze falling downcast.
“I know that, Dean. And with Sam–”
MISSOURI: And I also know what you’re gonna do anyway. I’d warn against it, but I know what you’d say to that too. You’ve always been a stubborn one, you won’t go changin’ now, will you? You’ve already made up your mind.
“Dean?” Cas says at last, though he doesn’t attempt to meet his eyes. Dean too looks elsewhere, keeping his gaze glued to the monotonous view outside his window.
BENNY: But the one we’re looking for–
“You can't just give up, Dean, not now.” Charlie looks at him pleadingly and Dean just shakes his head.
For the second time today, he squeezes the trigger, and, once again, he does not miss.
me, Cas… I’ll be honest. I didn’t understand. And I still–but that’s beside the point. I just couldn’t stop thinking… how you could love anyone so much that the universe turns on its axis? Least of all me? Chuck said that it was you that made the difference. That your choices changed everything, and I believe that, I do, because you–you’re everything. You are power and conviction, and, more than that, you’re kindness. Compassion. You see the best in people. And me? I’m nothing. I’ve never thought I was worth something like this, or someone like you. Not ever.
Castiel knows he’s done for. Croats have an uncanny talent for finding the uninfected, sniffing them out like rabid dogs and horribly mangling the ones who put up too much of a struggle and turning all the rest. The pounding in his head, only just having started to subside, picks back up mercilessly, and his stomach turns until the only thing keeping Castiel from being sick right this moment is the paralyzing fear of making any noise at all.
CASUALTIES: GARTH FITZGERALD, BROKEN LEG. LAYLA ROURKE, DISLOCATED SHOULDER. ALICIA BANES, CONCUSSION.
[ January 25, 2014. 22:03 ]
JANUARY 25, 2014: BACK FROM MISSION #237.
he was far too loud and if he moves someone might find him. He’ll be caught and he won’t be able to do anything about it because he can still barely see, can hear more than the clamor of his own heartbeat in his eardrums. Not for the first time, it occurs to him that he might die out here, that he may never make it back to Dean at all.
, and yet–
“Dean,” she says so sincerely that his heart breaks all over again, “I don’t blame you. And you shouldn’t blame yourself. And when we find Cas–and we
Dean turns and fixes him with a glare. Belphegor shrugs–or attempts as close of an approximation of a shrug as he can, given his restraints.
demon, and he had given chase without a second thought. After that, though, there’s just… nothing.
I’m not going home without you, Cas.
Dean!
Cas just shakes his head and Dean looks away, leaving them be and willing his own eyes dry. The three of them stay there, just like that, until the sound of the front door of the truck closing shakes them forcefully from their trance and shatters any illusions they may have had that this momentary peace could last. Charlie stands, pulling Cas up with her, and the three of them walk to the truck. It’s freezing cold, so they all have an excuse when one comments on how violently Castiel is shaking.
“Okay, so what?” Dean snaps suddenly, “Do you want me to just break down in front of you? Have a heart to heart, braid each other's hair, and have a movie night? Is that what you want?”
“How are you doing?” Castiel asks, finally turning his head briefly to look at Dean. “I mean… really?”
Cas’s eyes fall shut, and he lets out a shuddering breath. “But Dean,” he whispers, I’m afraid now.”
Dean leans against the wall heavily. He glances at the bag beside him, full to the brim with water and provisions in case they need to wait this out, but from the looks of Castiel, there won’t be much longer to wait. Reclined against the wall beside Dean, he trembles even more furiously than before. His face is nearly colorless, his eyes and cheeks sunken deep, and Dean swears he’d look long dead already if not for the constant tremors, or for his wide-open eyes. God, his eyes. Dean looks intently into them for what must be the billionth time in these few short years, and he thinks that they’ll be the last part of Castiel to remain, blue as the day he blustered into that barn. It hurts something awful that his ending is like this instead, languishing in agony with a creeping evil inside of him instead of going out in a blaze of ground-shaking, lightning-strike glory like the way he began.
BENNY: Dean? Is it true? Is he–?
His eyes narrow when he spots the offending tree root, but he moves toward it anyway, taking a seat on its surface because it’s still better than sitting back down in the dirt. In the cold dark silence, Castiel is nearly still, save only for the steady rise and fall of his chest and the clouds of his breath as he exhales into the winter air. He forces himself to contemplate what would happen if he never made it back home. If he dies out here and one day Dean just... finds him. Or, if Dean just
“If you won’t tell me, fine, but don’t lie to me, Dean. I know you.”
BENNY: Garth's down but he’ll live. Almost back.
DEAN: Briefing at 05:00 tomorrow. We’ll probably need some intel.
DEAN: Missouri–
Dean feels like crawling tightly into a ball and never unfurling. He hastily opens his mouth to say something then closes it just as fast. So badly he wants to take Cas’s words and hold onto them for dear life, to carve them into his bones so he can keep them close until there’s nothing of him but dust.
CHARLIE: It’s Cas, he–he has it, and Dean’s, not–I don’t know what he’s gonna do, but he’s not answering me either and I–
Little by little, his memories of the day’s events return to him. The briefing, the long drive, the stillness in the air as they approached the town. And then the chaos. The demons had been expecting them, coming at them from all sides, but the one demon they were looking for was nowhere to be found. Someone had caught sight of a demon, possibly
DEMON WE’RE HUNTING IS SUPPOSED TO BE IN THE INNER CIRCLE. WE’LL SEE. COULD JUST BE ANOTHER DEAD END, BUT I HAVE A GOOD FEELING ABOUT THIS. WE’RE CATCHING UP TO THEM. LONG DRIVE AHEAD OF US, THOUGH, A PLACE JUST SOUTH OF FARGO. CAS IS DRIVING TODAY. I ALWAYS DRIVE.
BENNY: Right behind you, Jody.
[ January 26, 2014. 05:57 ]
My coordinates are approximately–”
They go on like this into the night, recalling the passing of plagues and wars, of disasters and discoveries, skipping over the curious gaps left in the wake of Castiel’s stolen memories. And omitting, of course, the abundant romantic allegories dreamt up by the heartsick creature that Castiel has become. As Cas recounts them, the centuries pass in rather quick succession because, if they’re honest with themself, none of it matters. The wild, inconsolable thing inside them still cried out, but it was smothered each and every time. The canary sang on, shrill and wailing, but ever-present.
letting you go. Not alone.”
“Look, I don’t like it any more than you do, but believe me–that demon was telling the truth. Belphegor’s our ticket.” The room falls silent for a moment before Jody speaks up.
DEAN: We’re not leaving without getting what we came for. Get them to the trucks if you can. Fuck, where is he?
“It's not just me here, Dean. What about the camp? The war? The devil? What happened to finding another way?”
Dean laughs humorlessly, but he still can’t bring himself to look Lee in the eye. “Oh, you are so full of shit, Lee. What the hell happened to you?”
Dean’s mouth, already pulled into a thin angry line, twists into a new kind of hideous. He’s used to the low boil of anger just beneath the surface, he’s known little else for his entire life. This, the anger he feels now, though, it’s absolute and poisonous in a way he doesn’t recognize. He wants nothing else than to end Lee right this instant. He’s been let down before, betrayed, but this, for whatever reason, is worse than anything he’s ever endured. He wants Lee dead with everything in him, but he needs to know for sure. He needs to hear Lee say it.
HE'S NOT DEAD. NO BODY. I'M GOING BACK TO FIND HIM, EVEN IF I HAVE TO GO ALONE.
MISSOURI’S TIP PANNED OUT. CAPTURED THE DEMON SHE TOLD US TO FIND. CAS HAS HIM SECURED NOW, WILL INTERROGATE TONIGHT AT 21:00. KEVIN GOT HIT AGAIN. HE’LL BE ALRIGHT, BUT WE LOST TOO MANY TODAY. GODDAMN MILITARY, 4 YEARS AND THEY STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. FUCKED UP OUR LAST 3 OPERATIONS. I WISH THEY’D JUST LEAVE THE DEMONS TO US. COULD DO WITH THEIR AMMO THOUGH. CHUCK SAYS WE’RE RUNNING LOW AGAIN.
“That’s not enough. It’s never been. I mean, man, if my best is this bad–” Dean does laugh this time, and it comes out empty and cold as ice. “If my best is failing everyone that’s put their faith in me, time, after time, after time, then we’re all fucked. More than we already thought we were.” He continues, and he can’t look Charlie in the eye. “Let’s face it. It was my fault for blindly trusting Lee. It’s my fault the colt’s lying at the bottom of the lake, probably gone for good. Hell, I’m the one who kickstarted the damn apocalypse in the first place because I can’t stop failing. And now we’re trying to find one person on an infinite stretch of road, and–and I just can’t.”
Charlie doesn’t ask where Cas is, not yet, and for that Dean is grateful. She pulls him into a hug and neither of them say anything for a long while. Dean shuts his eyes tight, because, right now, he couldn’t look anybody in the eyes if he tried.
DEAN: Stick to the plan. I need you to come in, lock the door behind you and throw away the key, you understand? Keep a gun on us too, in case– (clears throat)
There is not a deer in sight this time, no low hum of road music, but still, in the darkness outside, it begins to snow.
Dean doesn’t respond, his gaze fixed on the blur outside his window yet again. If his eyes start to water, he’ll blame it on the brisk winter wind that whips past the open window. If his fist is closed so tight it turns white, he’ll blame it on the freezing cold, or on poor circulation. Nevermind that the window is closed, or that the crescent moon imprints of his own fingernails remain on the skin of his palms for hours.
Dean forces his expression to quickly turn icy. Detached. It's a mask he puts on for everyone else, but not for Cas if he can help it. Not unless, in times like this, he has no choice.
“But, Cas, you spoke, and it was like you saw me–really saw me. Like when you saved me all those years ago, you saw me then too. I don’t know how you could’ve seen something beautiful in that person I had become, something worth saving. It makes my head spin, still, the way you looked at me. But suddenly you were gone–and it clicked. It clicked too late, and I don’t know if I’ll ever forgive myself for that, but Cas… I think I get it now. I understand. Because I remembered how I felt whenever you smiled at me. When you touched me. How every time you go away it leaves me in pieces, and every time you’ve come back to me… and you don’t even know, because I’ve tried to hide to for so long. I’ve tried to untangle myself from you, time, and time again because you
I KNOW THE PROTOCOL ON THIS: EXECUTE POINT BLANK THE SECOND SYMPTOMS PRESENT THEMSELVES BUT FUCK PROTOCOL. THIS IS CAS. I COULDN’T DO THAT TO HIM, AND I COULDN'T WATCH SOMEONE ELSE DO THAT TO HIM EITHER. I’VE MADE UP MY MIND.
CHARLIE: Okay, but hey, you need to rest too. And Dean? Please talk to Cas.
...Cas?
Lee chuckles and meets Dean’s eyes, and there's a humor in them that Dean finds sickening. “Wasn’t supposed to happen that way. That last mission, the ambush was less effective than it should’ve been. I guess they underestimated you. Belphegor was supposed to hand off the colt to some other demon, but…” Lee breaks eye contact once more, and this time he almost does look guilty. Dean’s stomach turns. “Let’s just say that certain events transpired that made ‘Plan A’ impossible. So I took over.”
"Believe me, I
"It had to be you, wonderful you -
a kink. Big time. He does not manage to say anything, just stares at the sight before him.
Dean falls asleep almost instantly, arms tightly wrapped around Castiel.
"And then you tried to kill him in that barn", Bobby comments.
"Sorry, the what now?", Sam stutters.
"Have you ever tried to talk with them about it?"
"Uh..." He smiles. "Right."
Dean clears his throat. "We, uh, we chase monsters and protect humans from them."
Dean scoffs. "Didn't help Kevin much in the end. And I hurt you. ... I liked that one hunt with you as Steve, though. Very memorable."
"Isn't it obvious?" Dean shoots him a grin. "I'm gonna show you how to dance." With a wink, he adds "And then you can impress the ladies."
"Come on, Sam. We need a break."
"Wait!", Dean calls out. "Don't leave like that! I need to..."
"But you didn't fall in love right away?", Bobby asks, despite already knowing the answer.
Dean exhales.
"It actually did not kill anyone", the queen clarifies. "Yet. It did hurt some of my people, though. It seems to be continually angry."
"You don't think so?", he asks.
Shoulders hunched, Cas replies "Still. I wish..."
"You bet, kiddo", Dean counters, leaning down to hug her. He turns to Cas. "Let's go home, angel."
Dean only shrugs in response, curious to see how that will play out.
"Shut up", Dean snaps, shooting him an angry glare.
After a considerable pause, a voice sounds from the back. "Pain."
The knight of light sighs. "I meant, apparently the violent approach seems to be the wrong approach here. I, uh, there seem to be trip hazards in place, and every time I attack, they are activated so that I just fall to the ground. It is as if we are not meant to subdue it in a violent manner." A brooding expression appears on his face. "Of course, I could circumvent those trip lines and just use my grace to..."
"Oh", Cas manages to bring out just before Dean pulls him close to kiss him.
Dean groans at his choice of words. "Ugh. I'm really not any good at expressing feelings in words, am I?"
"What?" With a jerk, Dean finally makes eye contact.
"I, uh, can see that", Dean mutters, looking at Castiel's cape which has some burn stains by now. For a moment he zones out, thinking about fire safety regulations and whether those should not apply to LARPing as well, then he re-focuses on Castiel's voice.
Then it hits him.
, he wonders.
"Cas." Dean is at his side in an instant.
. Dean throws his head back, leaning it against the cell wall, and closes his eyes.
"I get it.", Cas cuts in. "You had certain expectations for me, and I failed those. I get it."
insist", Dean replies, taking Cas' hands into his, and he could swear that Cas is holding his breath, but that has to be his imagination. "Okay. Set your foot over there. And..."
"I am sorry. I did not dare to approach you, for fear of attracting the creatures." Cas voice is somewhat shaky. "You know, I... I was so scared that one night, there would be no prayer from you. Because that would have meant you were..."
"I decided to get a bit more comfortable."
"What do you mean, 'which tingling sensation'? Don't you feel that?"
Dean's mind is already elsewhere. "Steve", he chuckles. "Now, that was a thing. I... I regret we didn't spend more time together when you were human. I... You know, throwing you out of the bunker back then was maybe the hardest thing I ever had to do. Or thought I had to do."
Cas is still not saying anything, his expression not unlike a deer staring at a car's headlights.
"I don't know. I think someone should..."
"Pain", the voice repeats. "Nobody else asked."
She nods in understanding. "I see."
"Yeah, probably. It... it hurt like shit."
Thousand possible responses run through Dean's mind at once. Lying. Witty response. Deflection. Ridiculing response. Layered response, and others.
Sighing, the angel bends down to pick up the shards.
"I'm so sorry for yelling at you, Ben", Dean says. "I shouldn't have done that."
"Very good. You go with Jack, then."
"Ooh." Jack says again. "I bet you were marked down as scared and horny."
If you hadn't made this deal in the first place, you wouldn't be human now. Yes, I'm aware that you thought it was the only way to save Jack, but you know, usually, there is more than one way. You should have looked for another way with us. And... Why the hell didn't you tell us about the deal?"
"And when I touch you I feel happy-
When Dean opens his eyes, he is looking down on Cas sobbing, head on Dean's chest and clutching Dean's hand.
John's voice hollers at him. "I won't have you here! This is not your place."
"Right. So..." As so often, Dean's mouth moves faster than his brain. "So you would be up for doing this again?"
"Yeah, he did. Not very subtle of me, I guess." Dean smiles at the memory. Some seconds later, his face falls. "Ah, shit. And then..."
With a swift movement, Billie swats Cas aside like an irritating fly. She steps closer to Dean and raises her scythe.
"Dean, this is not working", Castiel exclaims.
"You feeling all right there, champ?", Dean asks. "No rotted-away parts or something?"
Unsure, Dean loosens his grip a bit. "Uh... does this mean we woke up?"
He bites his lip for a bit before he speaks up. "Angel?"
"I'm gonna get you!", Dean exclaims. He tries to pick up his speed to reach Sam, who is running in front of him on the meadow. However, he stumbles and falls, grazing his knee on a hard spot on the ground.
"Yeah, Dean here's a genius when it comes to car engines", Sam answers.
Dean does, and the lights go out. "What the hell..."
Castiel looks up from the table, coffee cup in hand. "Hello, Dean."
Dean makes a dismissive gesture. "Yeah, well, that was the plan, but then Cas said he could not dance, and I had to do something about that, and..."
"Your vessel, I mean", Castiel explains. "I... I'm dying, Dean. A witch expelled me from my vessel, and I'm weakened. I'll die without a receptive vessel."
Cas frowns, and in this moment Dean knows that this is the real Cas he is talking to. Not a figment of his imagination. Not a dream.
There is a small smile on Cas' lips as well when he answers. "So I'm still stupid, I see. I'll take it, though."
Cas shrugs his shoulders while beaming at him. "I love bees, and with extension, bee puns as well."
Castiel looks down on himself, taking stock. "No. Seems the police found the body pretty quickly." He tilts his head. "And how are
"I... I think I am, rather", it sounds from the floor, weakly. "Just... give me a moment to get my bearings."
creature."
Claire and Kaia nod in synch. “Yes. He’s cool, isn’t he?”
, Dean answers. He frowns.
Dean interrupts him. "Cas, I'm not homophobic. That's not what... It's... It's..."
"It was... Realizing you had been possessed, it was... like someone had pulled away the rug under me. I..."
"Uh", Dean stammers, "... can I..." He brings up his right hand, not quite touching Cas' cheek, but hovering close over it instead. "I... I mean... would it be..."
"And then... And then, of course your long-ass, elaborate speech. Jesus. You know, I... At first, I actually didn't
If there is any answer from the intercom, neither one of them hears it. The pipe Dean is holding to begins to crackle. "Uh-oh", he mutters.
He can feel Cas' smile against the small bare part of his chest. "Sock?"
"Cas, Cas, I...." Dean stops when he realizes that Castiel has taken hold of both his hands. Confused, he stares at Castiel. "Cas...?"
"I love you."
"I need a minute to think", she responds. "If I... No. Maybe if we... No. ... That's the wrong way to think. There was something else. Something else. If I could just remember..." With a jolt of realization, she whirls around and points at Cas. "You!"
"Anyone of you others have knowledge of common engines?"
He checks his pockets, and in a lucky twist, he does have the Impala keys since he happened to be the one to get groceries today. "Ah-ha", he laughs. "Come on, let me show you the alternative. ... It's actually more comfy than it looks."
"Bye, Dean. See you later."
"Thank you", Castiel replies. He pauses, then adds "Do you have a task for me, honored Queen of Moondoor?"
"So... you're God now?", Dean asks.
Dean takes a deep breath. "I've been doing a lot of thinking, and the thing is, I love you.“
Dean glances down at the body in the bathtub which is filled with ice cubes. "Yes", he agrees. "This whole thing is weird."
Cas leans forward, closing the distance between them, and all Dean can think is "
