“One human,” he muttered.
“Doesn’t matter.” Dean deflated a bit, dropping his shoulders, “Short version? ‘bout 12 years ago dad went missing. He’d gone on a Hunting trip, hadn’t been home in a few days. I went looking for him.”
Fiona hesitated, clearly wary of them, but not knowing what to do.
“Okay, that doesn’t sound good,” Dean admitted. Jo never went anywhere without that knife.
was the cause of it all. They’d been happy, and now they weren’t, because of him.
“I don’t see what was wrong with that.” It slowly sank in, that Cas really didn’t know.
“Blood?”
“Hi Sam,” he said cheerily, throwing a fleeting glance over his shoulder before turning back to the stove, “Sit down, dinner’s almost ready. Bobby, get the others would ya?”
“Thank you. I’m so sorry for the mess I just…” her voice quivered and she didn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
“What exactly do you know about the night your mother died?” Cas asked almost timidly. They’d never actually talked about that, just that it had happened.
They finished their meals in silence and when they got back into the car, Dean was still thinking about his father.
“Your point?”
Cas nodded, “Let’s do that, then.”
He could see Sam lying on the ground, probably unconscious and made a decision. Staying close to the ground, Dean approached the gaping hole, swallowing the fear rising inside of him, edging closer and closer to his brother. From the corner of his eye, he could see Bobby and Ellen doing the same.
“Don’t tell me what I can and cannot do, Ellen!” Dean interrupted her, “Where did he go?”
“Yeah, they disappeared. No one quite knows why or how but Eileen – you’ll meet in her bit – her grandad was one of ‘em. She brought us here when we met her.”
Sam shook his head. “It looks completely random. And it’s a small town so the Nest could be anywhere.”
“We can help you,” Sam’s voice was soft, careful and no one else dared to move.
The sheriff in question was standing not far off, doing her best pretending like she wasn’t eavesdropping on Sam’s half of the conversation.
“He couldn’t say. But he did tell me where he was and what he saw. I already talked to Bobby and he told me the same thing I told you; we have to leave. Now.”
“You were right,” he repeated, blowing out smoke, “All this shit with dad and Sam…I don’t know what to do,” he admitted and maybe it should have felt strange but it didn’t. It felt good, finally voicing it. “I never got to say the stuff I wanted to say to dad, never got tell him to just go and fuck himself for all the times he screwed us over. I am so angry with him. But at the same time, I miss him and I just want him back. D’you know how I knew that he was possessed? Because he said he was proud of me and dad would have never said that, I mean, how messed up is that? A fucking Demon was nicer than my own father!” He was trembling now, barely holding it together but it was okay, Cas was there, Cas had his hand on his shoulder, squeezing lightly. Cas was keeping his head above the water so he wouldn’t drown. “But I could have dealt with that,” he continued, “It would have been okay. But then Sam goes and pulls that stunt on me and I just can’t…I can’t lose him, Cas. Not for good.”
“Yes.”
“Why are you scared of that?”
“It’s not your fault,” Dean repeated, “And I’m sorry, too.”
Maybe it was five minutes, maybe half an hour, before John finally stirred. He opened his eyes and blinked lazily several times.
Matt threw a quick glance towards his boyfriend who nodded.
Sam’s eyes remained on Dean and every bone in his body was fighting against it, talking. He had never been a fan of words, for him, actions were much more important but maybe Cas was right.
Dean opened his mouth to say something when John suddenly raised his voice, “Caleb?”
“Book on North Mythology. Bobby called, he said there might be something in Utah that looks like human sacrifices.”
“What – what is this place?” Sam finally managed to asked, taking a seat that would allow him to watch Dean. He still wasn’t entirely convinced that this was real.
Sam grabbed for the bottle once more, just as a glass of water was set down in front of him. He looked up to see Charlie giving him a concerned look.
“No,” he admitted.
The kid went back inside, closing the door behind them, and Sam and Dean waited.
They were headed for California, at least for now, since there were no Demonic omens whatsoever and Dean had a feeling that Sam might have wanted to go back to where his life had fallen apart. Go back to Jess. It was the only thing he could think of and he prayed to God, or whatever might be out there, that he was right. That that was where he could find Sam.
That couldn’t be good. He quickly drew his gun but of course Max took that too.
“Right. Is she –”
Dean tightened his grip on the gun and met Cas’ eyes –
“Your brother’s lost his mind.”
Dean currently stood in front of a picturesque house, slightly nervous. There was a car in the driveway, so someone was home. Dean wasn’t sure if he was glad about that or not.
“Sam!” he bellowed and he saw Sam’s posture stiffening but he didn’t turn around.
“Yeah, I saw him.”
, the trees built a clearing, letting through some of the sunlight in eerie beams.
“Sam, I –” but he was interrupted when a high-pitched scream came from the back room. Sam and Dean rushed back and saw the doctor lying on the floor, unconscious while Andrea was straddling the old woman, hands wrapped around her throat. He reached for his gun but before he could even touch it, he heard a shot and saw Cas standing in the middle of the room, his gun still pointed at Andrea’s motionless body while blood seeped out from under her.
went unsaid but Sam heard it, nonetheless, thinking it somewhat unfair. It wasn’t like he’d wanted to leave without saying goodbye the last time. His father had been the one to tell him to never come back when he’d heard about Stanford, Dean had been the one to not contact him for years and years afterwards, and anyway, who was this guy that he could pass judgement over something that was none of his business?
“And could you?” Cas asked.
“What?” Sam asked bewildered, “No! He didn’t.”
The way Dean looked at him now, however, didn’t seem too upset, as if his maybe-maybe not son turning into the very thing they’d grown up hunting and hating wasn’t the worst thing that could happen. And maybe it wasn’t. Ben was still alive, after all.
“No. And you don’t have to be religious to study religion, in fact, I believe it’s much easier when you’ve got a more neutral view on things.”
Dean nodded his head. “She agreed it’d be best for him to be somewhere safe when he hulks out.”
“Your brother? Dean?”
“Ellen’s working on that right now.”
“Thanks man,” the guy said through a deep yawn, and both stood up, giving Sam an acknowledging nod before disappearing down the hallway that led to the bedrooms, while Cas took Krissy’s place, and Sam hovered awkwardly next to the desk.
“I’m fine.”
“Getting himself killed,” Dean grunted. He didn’t want to talk about it; not now. Scratch that, he didn’t want to
“What kind of engraving?”
“There’s a case?”
“How are you feeling?” Sam asked.
“Anyway. I went looking for dad, following his breadcrumbs, which was pointless, of course. Realised it’d make more sense to track what dad was after instead, if I wanted to find him.”
“You seem upset,” Cas repeated, calmly and causally, as if it was a perfectly logical thing to say to someone you’d only just met.
Watching and seeing was boring, Sam was soon to find out, and nothing really happened. Only once did someone open the door, someone who looked an awful lot like the picture of the twins that had disappeared from the hospital.
“Dean!” Dean turned his head and looked at Bobby. “We have to close the Gate!” Bobby shouted but although Dean could hear the words and knew what they meant, he didn’t understand them. Just kept staring at the older man, paralyzed.
“And Dean’s right, by the way,” she added, “Whatever it is, that’s not gonna fix it.”
Cas was already in bed when he came out of the bathroom and Dean quickly joint him; at least that wasn’t a problem. Sam didn’t seem to find it weird at all that he and Cas were a thing and Dean was grateful for that. He smiled when Cas pulled Dean closer, muttering into his ear, “Are you alright?”
“Dean, what’s the last thing you remember?” Ellen inquired.
“I was in the woods, running from those psychopaths. Kate, what’s happening?”
“So, Dean, how’d you and Lisa meet anyway? She never mentioned you.” Matt sipped sat his beer, looking from his fiancé to Dean and back again.
“Yeah. We were in Montana, few years back, couple o’ bodies and cattle mutilations. Turned out the bodies were dead Vamps and there was another Hunter in town. Gordon Walker. A-class jerk. He killed the Vamps but…they weren’t even doing anything. Killing people, I mean. They lived off animal blood, hence the cattles. Lenore was one of ‘em.”
“He was here, alright,” Dean muttered, examining the flowers, he felt shame rising inside of him.
Dean sighed again. “Cas’ niece. Her parents died, we took her in.”
Sam froze in his tracks at the sound of the deep, gravelly voice, casting a glance to his left where one of the doors opened into the kitchen. Cas stood leaned against the counter, a coffee cradled in his hands, wearing a faded AC/DC shirt and sweatpants, his hair sticking up in all directions.
“We’re just checking all angles,” Dean assured her smoothly, “Dotting all the is, crossing all the ts, you know how it is.”
Letting out a frustrated groan, Sam drained his drink. “You gotta give me something here, Dean.”
“I know that Bobby.” Dean was growing more and more frustrated. “I guess I just hoped that…nevermind. I have no idea what to do next,” he admitted. Cas was driving, while Dean sat defeated in the passenger’s seat.
, the voice of John Winchester reminded him,
Without a further word, Baker was gone and Cherry kept staring at the door, before she turned back to her screens.
“We should talk to Max,” Sam suggested.
“Okay.”
Dean frowned. “What’re ya talking about, man?”
Dean simply refused to believe that Sam could have done it.
“Jane!” he called out, “Are you home, honey?”
“I believe you. Remember Gordon Walker?” Lenore paled even more. “He tipped me off. I knew you were in town, just not that it was you who lived here. There’s a second Pack and they’re killing people.”
The woman frowned slightly, approaching him with caution. “If you’re here to steal, I can assure you there’s nothing left that’s worth the trouble.”
Dean nodded. He was glad that Alex wasn’t alone in this, that he had his boyfriend to look after him.
“How about, you keep your opinions to yourself” Sam pronounced carefully, his tongue feeling much lazier than it usually would.
But that just opened the door to a whole lot of other things that Dean did not want to think about and a part of him winced painfully at the utter bullshit he had just let out, the other part, however, the part that was thoroughly
“It’s possible,” Cas answered before Dean had the chance, “The cattle deaths started before the first victim had been taken. It is entirely possible that Lenore and her people have been living here for months. Years, even.”
There was no place for argument in Cas’ voice, just deep understanding and love, and Dean deflated, relaxing into the touch as he nodded. Cas offered him a smile and gently led him back to the table where Adam was sitting with a shit-eating grin on his face.
“Er – hello.” Sam sounded unsure and glanced at Dean who mouthed a quick ‘later’. He couldn’t deal with this right now.
Of course, Cas noticed. He always did. It was both creepy and comforting how well they knew each other. Usually, Cas ignored Dean’s lies, his reluctance to talk, his deflections, but Dean knew that this time, he would have to talk sooner or later because when Cas had set his mind to something, he didn’t give up until he had achieved his goal.
Instead, Dean stares unabashedly, you know, like a
And he just…
”Do you ever feel stuck?” he asks into the silence.
”Maybe I’ll tell you one day,” he decides, which Castiel seems to accept. ”You told me plenty. I owe you that much.”
When he looks down at his body, it’s normal. Plain fucking
”No, I could tell. It only set him back a bit.”
The living room also has a TV, which is pretty cool, and a book case for their movie collection they’re starting to build; they plow through a few every weekend so Dean can teach Cas all about them (or: gush and swoon and blabber, but he accepts that too). Dean has even started making quite a collection of his CDs, cassettes and vinyls, but he feels a little protective over those and keeps them in his room instead, with his bed, and his closet full of actual clean and hole-free clothes, a matching set of star-print jammies, and some more spare outfits for his boyfriend.
Castiel’s chest rises, he stops himself. Then he tries again. ”I’ve been considering,” he says, as if he’s still searching for words, ”if maybe I misspoke to you. If, maybe I never fell. Maybe there was some other way.”
But he shouldn’t mess with things he doesn’t understand the majority of. Like, a guy with non-human powers, for instance. Like these unexplainable
Sam whined, still not recovered from the last bravado.
Dean, blushing, shakes his head vehemently. ”Fuck it. Let’s come up with something else. What are you in the mood for?
want to be, Dean?” the angel asks him eventually.
piecing things together
Dean shrugs, mouth turned downward. “I dunno. I mean, I guess... old.
Ah, that’s clever.
”Hey, you’re the one who hooked me up with that guy,” Dean groans to Sam, kicking his black, lace-up army boot off wildly before he’s pulling his aching leg up into the sofa for inspection.
, he immediately thinks. Which... wouldn’t be the weirdest thing, in these trying times, to be goddamn honest. Ghosts aren’t real. Ghosts are from stories. But Dean is shaking with fear and panic, staining his hands in blood from a stranger’s severed throat, and this is very much real.
Dean involuntarily gasps. He closes his mouth abruptly and clears his throat, tries again. “Uh, sorry, you’re going to
”Yee-fucking-haw,” Dean breathes, grinning.
”So how do you know who this guy is?”
He’s surprised when Castiel suddenly swings his leg over his waist, and oh my fucking god, there he is. That motherfucker. Planting himself in his lap.
”You were complaining you were lonely,” Sam reminds him, which is true, but Dean scoffs at him regardless. ”And I still don’t get how this happened, so honestly, I don’t feel bad.”
the title he’ll award them if they can’t be friends nor partners.
Dean stares into the wall in front of himself for a moment, eyes adjusting and senses slowly waking up. ”Castiel?”
Taken aback, he looks up at the sky on a whim. ”Stars,” he mumbles, because this far out of the city there’s a lack of light that allows them to shine. ”Heh. I’ll never look at a falling one the same way ever again.”
When Castiel starts to tap at the register, he flashes his blue eyes up at Dean again. “Shame I don’t work in the pizza restaurant, and maybe we’d have figured this out earlier.” When Dean looks puzzled, Cas smiles, ducking his head away. “Dean, I know it’s you. I’d recognize your soul anywhere.”
”So,” Dean starts, crossing his arms and making a half-assed attempt at collecting himself again, ”you’re not just staring at that for
. I’m gonna come soon, come
”I did,” Castiel confirms, eyes narrowing. ”This would make sense. How do you know?”
Cas seems to hesitate after that, meeting him with such eyes, full of the piercing harshness. Both stuck on their breaths, high strung.
”Well, no, I’ve never been a bee farmer. Perhaps I should entice him with the offer we
Dean had kind of forgotten about that and it comes back to him like a punch square in the gut. Ouch, right in the internalized homophobia.
Dean wakes up after 7 hours of restless sleep his body screamed endlessly for, filled with dreams of blue eyes and blood pouring like rain, tossing and thrashing on his camping bed until he’s disturbed by the sound of his phone buzzing obnoxiously.
Dean turns around and grins at Sam. ”Ha-ha,” he chides, “that’s hilarious.”
Maybe someone to flirt with at the water-coolers. Maybe someone to come home to. Share his desserts with.
Cas leaves butterfly kisses from his jaw to his neck until Dean is gasping for air, grasping for a link to sanity with his hand in his hair. He needs to hurry this conversation up or, so help him god, he’ll come untouched.
He’s kidding, which is very apparent with the flat rasp of his voice, but it hits Dean right in the praise kink.
”Well fuck me,” Dean mutters breathlessly.
”Luck doesn’t exist. It’s pure chance.”
Dean’s not himself when he’s hungry. Like the ads. But it’s true! He’s but half a man! This is clearly worse abuse than what he’s already suffered.
”May I transfer you my preferred way?” he murmurs back, the voice like molasses.
He comes so hard, it could have burst the lightbulbs in the room (but he’s not the one with that kind of power). Silently, open-mouthed, shuddering and thrusting sloppily into Cas’ wonderous hand through the aftershocks seizing his whole body. He exhales in a groan, unmistakably close to an actual porn noise. He kind of feels like he’s starring in one.
Dean pats Sam on the shoulder as he leans back up. ”I’ll be damned.”
Sam gets him a glass of water and helps him to drink by placing a hand gently behind his head. Even lifting up from the bed makes his neck strain and his temples thump with an ache, body telling him to stop.
. The one we spoke to is the
”This is correct.”
”Oh, calling me a slut won’t do you good. Are you a
Dean’s throat still feels a little dry, head a little funny. If he’s a fool for letting himself
Dean doesn’t get enough time to consider the options.
, man, my brain is fucking fried,
out of me,” Castiel countered, wide-eyed. ”It encourages me not to get on his bad side, which I now unfortunately have.”
”I fell.”
Dean stirs softly. Cas’ eyes fall on where his T-shirt has ridden up over tan skin. “Can we... try something? It’s for my school project.” He chuckles, like these dreams are very pleasant. Cas would almost like to go over and find out what they’re about, but decides not to step into the room, nor into his mind. “Experiment. It’s for um. It’s chemistry.”
bar instead, that went very cold in his hands when temperature dropped, that lied about battery percentage during said drops in temperature and even stopped to allow its function like some sort of playing dead mechanism. It was large and more clumsy. Dean said if he dropped it the screen would crack. Castiel didn’t see the appeal. He liked his so-called brick.
, and for this, Dean is thankful. But not for long. Instead he just looks pointedly at his brother, prompting him to continue.
”I’m gonna fucking come if you don’t get on with stuff, that’s what.”
“It’s a
Dean can’t evade much longer and takes punch after punch, Slade’s voice growing distant. He can’t control the sobs that start to wreck his body, shaking against the cold wall as blood spills onto his boots. The disturbing sounds of his own body being beaten to a pulp.
Dean feels struck by lightning. “That’s… also very interesting,” he chokes out. All his visible scars seem to tingle. His stomach sure does; is this what people call butterflies? (When did they move in? Why are they not paying rent?)
If he’d had to blow out candles and make a wish, it’d have been for another year just like this. But, he thinks, it might just happen like that anyway.
”Jesus fucking christ,” Dean breathed.
how beyond okay and ready he is, clenching down on him, one hand fisted in the sheets.
(Or, if Dean wasn’t so stunned: ”You just melted my
Please,
had come on, the words
Sam slowly looked up, brow furrowed. ”My condolences?”
Castiel rubs against him again, seemingly lost in the pleasure and momentum. Dean moans against his neck, hand coming up to grip at his hair, clenching his fist into the strands. He feels Castiel’s breath hot on his neck, his hand coming up underneath Dean’s shirt. He feels how badly he wants it too.
People filter past and kindly ignore the little cut he got across his freckled nose; silly to imagine that anyone would bother to ask him what happened. Having a daytime job does come in handy, sometimes, to pay bills and invest in painkillers for one, but especially for keeping the appearance of a normal dude who fixes cars for a living and gets a few scratches here and there. He got attacked by a wrench while digging into a motor, clearly.
“Dean?” Sam calls and Dean snaps his head to the door. “Did you really just jump through the window? The front door’s open, jackass.”
Castiel shifts where he’s standing. ”It seems that, once, I came to visit you at an
”Dean,” Cas interrupts solemnly, ”should we skip these formalities so I can tell you I have a bed upstairs that might just fit our current needs?”
”A statement.” He gives Dean a shameless once-over, head to toe. ”It’s easy to tell.”
Dean thinks of Sam’s research. The old guy… the one who was a hit sensation…
), plus with an extra layer on top of that. The hat. The fucking cowboy hat, oh my god, it just shouldn’t be a
when he trails his fingers down his jaw as he drops his hand, then bolts away.
pattern? Oh, yikes, isn’t he just adorable.)
doing the thinking now, so to hell with everything.
or anything.
Cas gets off the floor in a swift maneuver (this jerk must work out several days a week, come on, nobody’s that lithe), belt jingling as he starts to undo it.
”I’m very calculative,” Castiel defended in a rasp. ”Usually.”
”Alright.” Dean points his spoon at Castiel. ”What’s your sub of choice, baby?”
Dean wants to laugh. In frustration, in annoyance, in embarrassment. Laugh at the fact he’s so lovesick, laugh at the unashamed and rebellious yearning within his chest, begging to pull Cas against it to have their hearts beating together. Wow, come on now, that’s just cheesy and he can’t even make a pizza pun about it because he’s surrounded by
“Easy, tiger,” Dean chuckles and kisses his neck, turning into sucking hard on the skin. His hands slide down his arms, feeling his muscles work and shift beneath the layer of latex. ”We can’t have sex with all these clothes on. Stop trying.”
They don’t speak for a moment, just the sound of the wind chiming gently against metal panels. This is quite the rendezvous, huh. He chuffs his boots against the cement below his soles.
”It’s an honour to meet ya,” Sammy tells Thunderbird, putting on a fake voice to his best ability. He aims for a strong Southern twang when put on the spot. ”I’mma mighty big fan.”
”I’m never decent,” Dean replies immediately before he gets what he implied. ”Oh, nah, actually you caught me napping. No superhero gear for bedtime so please don’t come peeping through my window or anything because I’m just in my undies over here.”
. Because Dean hasn’t even seen him since he saved his life - again - and it’s been weeks and it’s been total agony because he still can’t stop dreaming about him. About sharing bedrooms together with privacy for makeout sessions, having takeaway for dinner in bed, watching movies Dean can educate him about and being useless and pliant and
But Dean refuses to give him that pleasure.
, he can’t
”She did not,” Sam protests, blushing wildly.
this large
Time to find the next potential victim.
”We should find something soon. This is when we, as you say, can kick some ass.”
”I can be good if you ask nicely,” Cas husks, squirting syrup in violent bouts onto his single toast.
And alright, what the
, not often. Not something he
idiots, which he tolerates the company of with a sense of, seemingly, genuine happiness.
Dean nods slowly. He thinks he might have to lie down for a second.
”You’re slowly losing the sugar baby status,” Sam reasons, gesturing to Castiel who just looks at him. He’s a good fucking sport for putting up with this. Thing is, he doesn’t even seem to
So. That’s quite a revelation.
Dean clarifies, feeling flustered, like what the heck? Thunderbird shouldn’t go thinking… thoughts. Dean is
”Crash?”
To a sound of surprise, Cas grabs Dean’s thighs and hauls him up effortlessly, his face burning up hot as he drops him on the bed where he bounces down. But Dean is a quick thinker, oh yes, instantly pulling Cas on top of himself so that he almost staggers. Dean’s grinning, maybe manically, wrapping his legs around him with the urge of wanting him inside immediately.
He pulls away so that Dean’s feet hit the floor, starts to struggle with his belt to a jingling sound and Dean looks at his flushed face with a smirk. He loves that he gets to see it now, unmasked, just real. How it changes when he’s turned on, or when he gets commanding, or right now, struggling to regain his composure.
”Evening, boys,” he rasps out, heart beating hard again. Like there's a ghost feeling of Cas' hands on his body still lingering and making his stomach do summersaults. ”Good work. Go home and get some sleep yourselves.”
Well. Wouldn’t it be nice?
. Only, Cas doesn’t exactly have a last name. Or middle, but. Maybe he should, uh, you know, take Dean’s last name… Just to fix this situation, obviously. But Dean might get heart palpitations thinking too hard about that.
Dean draws a shaky breath. Never in his life did he expect to feel so many feelings towards another person. He wants to punch him in the face for all he put him up against; bad guys and deep-rooted emotions alike. He wants to throw himself in his arms and kiss him senseless. He wants to lean his head on his shoulder on an early morning bus ride. He wants to cry into his hair and screw all the pain away.
”I was in fact going to say you’re doing well for yourself,” Cas tells him solemnly. ”I would call your outfit a very wise stylistic choice… which is also not corresponding with your economy, which however,
Again, he’s about to go on explaining, but—
Thunderbird steps forward, lifting his hands in front of the wall. But he doesn’t touch anything. It’s like he’s touching the texture without reaching, as if he feels the energy of it. As if walls
He’s really not helping himself be professional here.
”Ew,” Sam blurted out with his face scrunched up, “do you speak from experience?”
The next time Demonblade encounters Thunderbird, Dean has invited him to meet on a rooftop, and Dean has brought pizza.
Sparking sensations, huh. Dean is pretty sure the lights above are flickering. Or maybe it’s his eyes fluttering closed in ecstasy.
, because you don’t talk about a lady’s age like that - as the nostalgic LP. Dean had blown the dust off the cover and looked it over with a smile, announcing it was one of those their mom had liked once upon a time. Sam had no such memory, which Dean had scoffed at, because Sam was clearly too much of a baby with an undeveloped memory function to remember it, to which Sam had thrown a pencil at Dean for. He’d gracefully ducked and put the record into the old-school grammophone.
Castiel’s eyes fall on Dean’s body where his chest lays unconcealed, at each rise and fall. It’s worse than ever, to be fair. Blue, red and purple in all the wrong places. At least he has some hickeys now to make up for it. A few marks of love beside the ones of hate.
Cas tugs the blanket back up across Dean’s back, and when his hand lingers, falls into the valley between his shoulder blades and stills, Dean thinks about what exactly it means that he’s comfortable with Cas.
, he remembers. He’s doing this for Dean.
“Told me what, dear?” She asks, setting her clipboard to the side and smiling at him. Her eyes are cold.
“When was the last time you saw her?”
Its takes him forty minutes, forty minutes of hitched breathing and blinking away tears just so he can see the road. He never thought he’d end up here, running to drink Dean away. In the beginning, he thought Dean would not need to be drowned in alcohol, he thought Dean would be with him forever. Then the clinic happened, and Castiel thought that the end of Dean would be as easy as finishing the steps. He never thought ripping Dean from his veins would be a battle, and it has not been for nearly ten years. Nearly ten years have passed since he left Dean, and only now are those green eyes coming back to haunt him. He cannot do it. He cannot handle thinking of Dean again, cannot handle his many years of hard work becoming nothing.
“I know you said you don’t wanna talk,” Cas interrupts.
Wiener Hut.
“In the car, I thought you were going to let me down easy. I didn’t think I could take that right then…” Cas says. “And in Purgatory, well, I guess I just never imagined that
“Am I dreaming?” Cas asks slowly, earning a chuckle from Dean.
“Are chicken nuggets okay for you, or do you want grown up food?” he asks Jess, earning a laugh in response.
” she asks, and Cas glances back at Dean. He looks mildly terrified, so Cas stretches out a hand to him and pulls him forward.
“You know,” she starts, leaning forward so that her breath brushes against Dean’s ear with every word. “On your last birthday, we never even left the bed,” she whispers, and presses a kiss to the corner of Dean’s jaw. He pulls away slowly.
His dad’s voice is harsh, but he is no longer staring at a poor gay couple crossing his path or a TV broadcast about same sex marriage. Instead, he is staring his son dead in the eye telling him he’s worthless because he likes Cas.
“Good,” he murmurs, and turns away. He shuts himself in the bathroom for a while, runs the water to cover the sound of his tears, and comes back without a trace of sadness left on his face. He opens his book and moves his eyes over the same page for three hours. Sam eventually goes to his own room, Gabe eventually shuts out the light, and Cas eventually closes his book, closes his eyes, and goes to bed. He stares at the ceiling for a while, a was-probably-white-once-upon-a-time thing covered in water stains and cobwebs. Cas knows the feeling. He knows the feeling of being wrong, of no longer being good enough. After all, he drove all this way, shot his whole life to hell, all for Him, and he will not even see Him.
,” he hisses as soon as his brother answers. “What the hell?!”
“Naomi,” he mutters finally, too numb to feel angry.
“I know,” Cas says with a grin, and Dean knows that Cas understands. Everything he means passes between the words so loudly that they don't have to be spoken.
“He won’t even see me, Sam. I can’t do much support through voicemails and locked doors.”
“He’s nothing! He lets other men use him for sex! And
“What do you need?” and Cas tells him, explains as much as he can spare to explain while driving, and Sam’s voice shakes as he hangs up with Cas to make a few more calls. When he finishes, he calls Cas back. “The cops will meet you at the clinic, tear the whole thing down.”
“Did you tell Cas about the case?” Sam asks at dinner one night, knowing full well that Dean hadn’t.
“Dean, please, I—” but again Dean cuts him off, turning away and stepping on the crumpled papers as he walks away.
“May be a long time,” Dean murmurs back.
“Yeah,” Dean says, smiling a bit. “He’s gonna be a lawyer.”
get jail time. Court dismissed.” She picks up the gavel and bangs it, startling them all and snapping them into the reality that
“You shouldn’t knock homosexuality until you’ve tried it. Have you ever
“Someone told you,” Dean deems finally, and Cas’ face falls to confusion.
“How many have you had?”
“What exactly does that mean?” Sam asks, and Dean huffs out a laugh because he forgot he does indeed have a ten-year-old little sister instead of a thirteen-year-old brother. Might as well call him Samantha.
“The blanket,” he says, frowning down at where Dean’s clutching the thin scrap of fabric for all it’s worth. “You’re still shivering.”
Dean finally manages to lift his eyes up to Cas’, desperate and manic and shuddering around his tears. Cas holds his gaze, tears sliding down his cheeks as well. He’s got his hands clenched tight on the tabletop.
“Uh…it’s Cas?” He replies, and she grins, waves him off.
“Dude, when are you gonna ask her out already?” Kevin asks, looking at Benny instead of Andrea.
“Jesus,” Cas murmurs, stunned and scared.
“Don’t go,” he begs, remembering the past.
“Castiel,” his mother calls, voice slightly hollowed, worn by the disease and grief.
“Oh, shut up,” Dean say with a grin, one that Cas matches tooth for tooth.
“I’m sorry,” he says around the lump in his throat.
When the reality of harsh lights and antiseptics snaps Cas away from his dreams, from freckled cheeks and bowed legs, he lets out a groan that is nearly a sob. Even so, he rolls away from the warmth of his bed, knowing the sooner he gets moving, the sooner he’ll see Dean again. Naomi is waiting for him when he gets out of the shower, lips pressed together tightly. She leads him to her office without a word.
It’s wrong. This is so, so wrong.
about him. “So…you gonna ask him out?”
“‘It was making love to my best friend and waking up desperate to talk to someone about the confusion, the darkness that came with the sex and being unable to because He’s the only person I’ve ever been able to talk to. It was seeing my sister and her boyfriend, His brother and his girl and wanting to be normal for once in my life.’ Is this how you feel Cas?” he shouts, and Cas flinches away from him. “Is that what this is for you?
“Can I at least talk to her?”
“He would be happy,” Jess murmurs, a smile on her face. Cas looks at her, and for the first time this whole day, he feels sad. He smiles anyway though.
you staying?” Dean asks when Emma’s giggling slows to a halt. Sam glances at his watch to find that he’s already been there for close to ten hours.
“Yes,” Gabe says firmly, ever one to trust that his baby brother could do no wrong. Sam still has his eyes locked on Cas, and Cas is petrified in his stare. They both know the truth.
He begins to weep, his joy slamming into him again and again. The bailiff brings Emma back out, and she runs straight into Dean's arms. They clutch each other tightly, Dean barely containing his tears as he holds her, as he apologizes to her again and again for letting what happened happen. Cas smiles, the ache in his chest bittersweet for the love Dean has for his daughter. He's happy. He really is.
“Fine. I’d just like to go home, so the sooner I make it through all twelve steps, the sooner I
if they make him as happy as this baby already has.
Soon, Dean has no memories left to pick through except the ones pressing in around him, the ones he knows he'll remember for the rest of his life. He is standing at the altar, under a woodsy little archway. On one side of him stands the justice of the peace and on the other, Bobby, his baby brother, and his baby girl. Dean smiles at them, and the crowd all turns. Every eye lands on Cas, strolling down the aisle, black tux fitted perfectly to his lean frame. Dean’s heart slams in his chest.
“Has he ever hit you or your mommy?” Judge Mills asks, and Emma drops her eyes. Dean’s heart drops, terror rising up around him like a flash flood.
“I could never forget I met him…” he murmurs finally, but his voice doesn’t sound the same as the last time he uttered those words. The last time, he was staring Dean dead in the face swearing that he was about to lose him. The last time he’d said those words, he had been so completely lost because he knew what he wanted and he thought he knew what Dean wanted and the two weren’t adding up. Now, he is so completely lost because he knows what he wants but Dean’s not here anymore. He doesn’t realize he’s been staring at Missouri until her voice snatches him out of his thoughts.
“I’m fallible, too, Dean,” Cas whispers when they separate. “I’m going to make mistakes, and I’m going to hurt you without meaning to, and I’m going to be afraid, and I’m telling you this now so you know what to expect for the foreseeable future, if that’s what you want. Because I will never hate you. I will never not want you. I will never not love you.”
has a pair.
“I love you.”
“This doesn’t excuse you,” Dean murmured, his lips on the corner of Cas’ mouth, and Cas, eyes still squeezed closed, freed his hand from Dean’s and threw his arm around Dean’s neck, drawing him close to him. Cas pressed his face into Dean’s shoulder, eyes squeezed shut.
—house, Dean has remembered seventy-three reasons why he loves Cas, seventy-nine reasons why he shouldn’t have fucked Bela, and one hundred and fifteen reasons why he’s angry at his father. But Sammy wants to come home, so Dean parks that Impala in the driveway just like old times and helps Sam pull his bags from the trunk. When they pull up, John immediately comes outside, a smile on his face that is so out of place that all Dean can do is gawk.
“I miss you, mommy,” he whispers. “I miss you a whole lot, but I’ll take good care of Sammy. Don’t worry,” and he falls asleep. He sleeps fitfully for a few hours before he is awoken by a quick succession of knocks. He sits up suddenly. “Whoever’s there, my dad was a marine and, and he’ll beat you up!”
“Yeah,” he replies, and both Dean and Charlie cheer, throwing their hands up and hooping. Cas blushes and laughs.
, Cas thinks, but who can blame him? Dean is dressed in a suit perfectly tailored to every inch of his body. The lavender of his dress shirt brings out the green of his eyes, and Cas’ heart aches for him. He wants nothing more than to go up and hug him, to kiss the worry from between his brow, to take away the pain
go back on a deal,” Lilith promises, her eyes gleaming. Dean stares at her. He doesn’t want to leave Sam. His beaten heart aches at the mere thought of not waking up to that floppy headed mess, those big eyes begging for Jessica to come over. His heart aches at the idea that they will grow apart, that Sam really
“No, it’s just an essay,” Bobby says, reaching for the papers, but it’s too late. Dean has found the cover page, and he has found the name scrawled across the top.
“She makes a mess, and you punish her for being a kid,” Dean bites back, staring at her. Normally, he would not have spoken out against her, but he is feeling wild off Cas, brave from His lingering smell, the ghost of His touch.
“Say somethin’, Cas,” Dean asks softly, snapping Cas out of his thoughts.
“Don't bother,” he bites, in reference to the creeping hand. “I’ve already called the cops.” He pauses to enjoy her look of terror, allowing it to bring triumph to the anger broiling inside of him. “I’m shutting you down.” He is just about to turn on his heels and get the fuck out of that place when her voice screeches at him through the silence. When he turns back, her eyes are crazed, wild.
ever gotten.”
“Okay,” Cas says, putting the used book in his bag, completely oblivious to the fact that Dean is mentally tearing his clothes off. The thought alone makes him exceedingly hot.
“Very much so,” she mimics softly, and Castiel believes that. She made faces and noises this time that she didn’t make last time, and Castiel, gay as he may have been, knows what an orgasm looks like.
“I should have never come. I didn’t know. I don’t want…” Cas is breathing heavily, staring up into Dean’s eyes. Dean is looking down at him, and Cas swears that he looks normal, that he doesn’t look angry. Cas is angry enough at himself for both of them.
“So what happened?” Dean asks, and he does not mean it maliciously. He is simply curious, but even so, it tears at Cas a little, the unspoken
“I…it’s personal,” Sam says finally, and Dean snorts.
“Your window was locked,” Cas calls, freezing Dean. There have been only two times when the window separating his world and Cas’ has been locked. Once, before that first night, the very first one, and now. Dean turns around slowly, his eyes sliding to Cas. Cas looks hurt. He looks like someone set an earthquake on his entire world then burned the rubble just for fun. “Are you mad at me?” Dean sits back in front of Cas, his eyes wide.
Dean stands there in the lobby for a long time, staring unblinkingly even after the sleek, white sports car with the tag reading “L1L1TH” drove out of sight. He stands there until the receptionist clears her throat very pointedly at Dean, and even then, he has to take a moment to gather himself before returning to class for the rest of the period.
“It was a play.  We were acting. It was supposed to look real.”
“You were staring,” Dean points out, and he’s not wrong.
So...what did you guys think? Did you expect it? (I know some of you did) Were you shocked? (I hope some of you were)
“No…” he says softly, and Charlie harrumphs in his ear.
“I don’t even remember her,” Sam admits quietly, almost ashamedly, and Dean smiles.
his inventory, his goodbye, everything from the clinic that makes him look like an ass to Dean is wadded up in His hand, stealing away the only happiness they’ve ever known. “What is it, Cas?” he shouts, bringing Cas back to reality.
been studying how to do it but my research was not very extensive, and I really wanted to try this with
me right now?”
Dean can hardly believe all he’s been allowed to do. To touch, to experience, all he’s allowed himself to feel. Everything is beautiful and nothing hurts.
“Light the bastard up!” Thunderbird orders and Dean miraculously catches the lighter in his trembling hand. Valkyr seems as shocked as he is; the next second, Dean is clicking life into a flame and placing it to his old-fashioned suit, which immediately sets ablaze.
Suddenly they’re both wiping their hands (pitifully) on their jackets and scrambling up on shaky legs. Before the lift reaches the ground level, they’re both standing there red-cheeked and wide-eyed, covering their crotches and dishevelled shirts with said jackets, which in turn keeps the cum stains hidden to their best ability.
If a blank wall could hold any promises of something more grand behind the surface, it doesn’t uphold its end of the deal. Dean squints into darkness before he shakes life into his flashlight produced from his belt, and still, it’s just a bunch of nothingness. As above so below. Or, as outside, so inside, but it ain’t that poetic. All they see is a dark corridor, which Thunderbird apparently deems fit to follow. Dean frowns and follows suit. Better not keep the little rascal out of his sight for too long.
Sam breathes out heavily through his nose and Dean secretly smirks. ”Big uprise in crime, to keep it short. Bonnie and Clyde, you know, that stuff.”
Or at least it’s the nickname he’s been given, because people swear they were saved from this and that by a flying dude, this one right here. Like, is it a bird, is it a plane? No, it’s a Thunderbird, apparently, appearing like a storm and saving the day (and maybe killing a few light bulbs, so maintenance must have a bone to pick with him). But, you know, Dean isn’t bitter that they haven’t been covering a lot about
”Figured.”
”I’m not—” Sam starts.
But it’s just stupid dreams, huh? He ain’t got time for those. It’s just
Thunderbird looks wistful. “Again, you don’t believe me?” He raises his eyebrows in a frown, empathetic. “When have I ever lied to you before now?”
”Do you think I’d hold a grudge like that? I’m
“We’ll find him when you’re restored,” Sammy tells him, somewhere far away as he sees Dean’s eyes start to give in. ”Get better now, alright? For me. For him. Try to get some sleep.”
And that, that seems to do something. Great, so, Dean’s dom kink isn’t only being maintained for the sake of his entertainment. It’s fucking
He stares until Sam opens a new tab and starts a new search.
(See the end of the chapter for
sings Johnny Cash still in his head,
Dean’s knees are aching from the hard floor, jaw aching from the stretch, and he doesn’t give a
Thunderbird almost gives off an expression as if relieved, shoulders detensing a little. ”I suggest I inform you on the way to the location.”
reruns. Now it’s ice cream for dinner o’clock followed by trying to catch some Z:s before the alarm blares next morning for another day of exactly the same.
Dean’s eyes fly open at Cas Novak, the sales supervisor, of all fucking people.
”Not marry?”
oh please, don’t take his
God, Dean just really thinks he’s so stupidly, incredibly
“He kind of said no to my pizza, so I’m not sure he would accept a fruit basket or anything like that either. Maybe a gift card. A spa day.”
Thunderbird makes no remark. That’s just Dean’s luck. This - mildly irritating, highly attractive - dude takes things too literally, yet can’t take a compliment as such. Maybe it just comes out as gibberish. Maybe Dean is just rambling.
Their parents had been in their early 20’s, anyway, way back in ’78.
”I think you’re a sub,” Cas clarifies and when Dean meets his eyes, they seem just as hazy. But fuck, in this red light, his angelic eyes are missing their heavenly blueness, and he even looks devilish. That’s hot. ”Do you disagree?”
”I’ll be there,” Castiel promises before the line rings dead.
He grabs his phone to make the call, when a familiar warm body wraps around him from behind, arms around his waist. Dean smiles and leans into it, like a cat in the sun.
”Hey, stop that,” Dean rushes. ”I’m okay. We’re okay.”
What else could Heaven really be like?
He forces a deep breath in, staring at the ethereal man in front of himself, shaking his head as those emotions he’s still surprised exist - those reserved for this man alone - well up inside. Like a flower blooming, the buds bursting despite the pain and hardship, creating beauty. “Oh, Dean...”
and calling him
Which ones have Cas discovered? Which ones did he like himself?
It makes Castiel stop in his steps, considering. What were the rules for these situations? Dean doesn’t like to be watched sleeping, okay, this he knew. No matter how beautiful and calming Cas could find him to be, whether bundled up and fully clothed and an anxious tenseness in his position, or sprawled across the messy sheets, tired and bruised, like he just dropped his body there and could rise no more; no matter what, Cas still finds himself to be endlessly in love with him.
”I’m very much older than you.”
Dean’s stomach twists like a wet rag from horniness, Jesus fucking christ. ”There are a few things that aren’t really socially acceptable to get down to on a rooftop,” he reminds Castiel. And himself. And especially his fellow downstairs.
weren’t the most fun.”
”Nuh-uh,” Dean grumbles.
He doesn’t see the
”Simply?” Dean huffs. ”Thanks, buddy. I’m 6 feet 1.”
they had him against a wall the night before without even having touched him. That they could, as easily as that, have him up against the wall again, if only his mouth was there to cover him too.
But wasn’t it in like, great depression thing? 1930’s? So what the hell does that even
Until he realises he’s standing in the middle of a townsquare, spinning aimlessly, his goddamn leg burning with pain and there isn’t any lean, midnight blue man in sight. He stands like an idiot, breathing heavily, headphones now around his neck thumping out
thing. But maybe he shouldn’t accuse Siri of atrocity before he knew for certain.
sometimes.
”It’s for research,” Dean adds hearsely into the silence. ”A study of who can possibly hate pizza.”
”Yeah,” Sam answers, discarding the rag so suddenly Dean has to bite down on his lips not to curse. ”It seems like he took the role off of someone else who’s been spotted around Kansas, since around the 1930’s. It’s mentioned in a lot of old newspapers, not just local ones either. Guy was kind of a hit sensation back in the day. But, you know how the
”I’ll sleep when I’m dead.”
Obviously. Of course.
the hot one here.
Cas doesn’t comment further and Dean refuses to look at him. Come tomorrow, they’ll be back to manager and supervisor, snapping at each other and hating the other one’s guts.
”The bed,” Dean reminds him on an exhale.
don’t. Their eyes flutter open to reveal gorgeous sights.
He may have never said it out loud - the
He lies him back down as Dean just winces. Can’t make a sound or he might start to actually sob.
”Someone’s gotta,” he gruffs instead.
Much.
”Maybe,” Dean muses. ”Could be why he’s so moody all the time.”
Whatever holds him up against the wall releases its grip slowly so that Dean has to resist just, like, collapsing against Castiel. He could take it, he would catch him, but whatever. He relaxes and stands breathing hard until he breaks out into a chuckle.
“You’re pushing it, Dean,” John warns, but Dean only laughs.
Cas receiving all the recognition he deserved, wanted nothing more than to tear Cas out of the suit he was wearing and praise him like he deserved to be praised. He was barely able to keep himself together long enough to make the walk back to the limo Charlie insisted they ride in on the night of Cas’ big break. When they were safely tucked inside, Dean had rolled the partition up and sucked Cas down right there in the back of that limo, which of course, made
Dean has to swallow twice before the knot in his throat unclenches enough to let him speak.
“No, he doesn’t.”
“You loved him like no one else did.” Cas says nothing. He doesn’t want to talk about all the ways he loved Dean. He doesn’t want to talk about how he still dreams of him, how he still hates himself for not finding a way to call that night, how he stills in the shower and pretends the hot water spraying down on him is Dean’s lips. He does not want to talk about all the great and terrible ways that he has loved and been loved in return, so instead, he nods.
“What about you?”
“His feelings
“You don’t love me, Dean. You never did.” Cas says the words quietly, but he looks sure, like they didn’t burn like fire on the way out.
“Hypocrite,” Charlie tosses back, moving towards her own bed, not once glancing at Dorothy.
alone, and 1,468,835 seconds without Cas. Dean has his head in his hands, and all around him there is movement and laughter, and he is drowning. 1,468,839 seconds without Cas.
“Uh, a little busy here,” Dean calls and then turns to Castiel in horror. He lowers his voice: “It’s my brother, tall guy, he shouldn’t— shit, don’t speak, oh my fucking god.” Dean is still hard when he stumbles towards the door and locks it. “Privacy, please! I need to do something.”
And easiest. Breaking locks is a Sunday brunch.
It was too late for him to do a lot of things.
murder you?”
have been dead. If Thunderbird hadn’t blipped him out, he wouldn’t be lying here complaining about it.
”Jesus, Dean,” Cas breathes, finally breaking down himself. His pants fall around his ankles and Dean rubs his eager hands up to the front of his thighs, dipping below his rumpled shirt and touching the V-cut.
Dean stops with his mouth open, closes it. Uh, let’s try that again. ”I didn’t even-”
He takes Castiel’s hands in his; they’re so cold from the air, even when gloved, and he wants to warm them up. His eyes widen and Dean squeezes them gently in his with a look of determination.
”The one about to make you feel very sorry for not moving out of my way sooner.”
He flicks his eyes up when he feels something placed on top of his head. Another cowboy hat. ”Oh
Not that he doesn’t... want it. That. The, uh... marriage. Oh god. He literally just turned 30 and he’s instantly thinking about settling down because Cas is beautiful and awesome and feels like sunshine, oh
”Well I know
Instead Dean licks his lips, chuckles once. ”Well. Uh.” Cas’ lips are kind of very, very, very distracting, and it kind of makes talking lose its point. ”I don’t think I can argue with that.”
“Now that you’re 40 ish, or 42, specifically,” this ridiculous, gorgeous, beautiful idiot man starts to say solemnly, but that smile is undeniable, and Dean realises with a shock and a half he’s got an
Dean is just very touch-starved and it’s a very unfortunate circumstance.
He never felt anything like it, making him
”As if time was repeating itself,” Dean confirms with a nod. He told Sam everything related to the case, nothing else; Thunderbird’s epic origin story and true name is his secret to keep. Maybe he would benefit from knowing it, but the prospect of leaking such sacred information feels like a crime in loyalty. He’s not that crappy of a person. ”But these victims didn’t live before, like Valkyr did. I don’t think. I dunno.”
”When did you get so good at dirty talk?” Dean manages, eyes still shut and face smushed against his shoulder.
. Castiel didn’t agree that he resembled a female dog, but he recognized it nonetheless. ”Do you want my help or not?”
”Perhaps another time, I’m trying to explain the situation right now,” Thunderbird husks and Dean flushes pink. “It was Valkyr we saw tonight, who I stabbed. I think he was the one who slit that man’s throat. The writing on the wall… maybe you should know it’s called
”I know gay penguins steal babies,” Sam supplied.
Thunderbird walks promptly towards him, the black trenchcoat billowing around him like a bad omen. His eyes seem nothing short of piercing; Dean almost backs away before he reminds himself they’re on the same side. Or, supposed to be, at least, or so he’s been told, or something.
Dean kind of just sputters nervously, looking in the other direction. ”Don’t tease me like that,” he wheezes weakly.
They don’t do a lot of the superhero kind of missions these days anyway, crime rates at a pretty stable state of fine, or even good, so maybe they have a bit of an itch for adventure. But, at least Cas has been venturing through Dean’s music collection and figuring out if he likes any of it, for starters, so that’s been quite the journey to come home to, tapes and records scattered all over the wooden floors with a tiny Cas in the middle draped with a blanket and eyes big and joyful. He might just be pretending, but Dean gives him some merch as gifts either fucking way. He looks hot, so, it’s a win-win. Suck it.
A kiss gets him out of said arguing. He’s just very convincing like that.
for younger men, that’s for sure. Dark hair, which looks pitch black although it may just be how they always meet in the dead of night, styled into a disheveled quiff (like a dilf of Dean’s dreams, deep freakin’ sigh), with scruff across his jaw framing soft, pink lips. And he’s a stupid, sexy motherfucker. That’s established. So that should give them something to work off of, right? Right.
. Because now for the rest of his life he’ll never be able to think about anything else than being married to Cas. Married. For the rest of his life.
Dean turns his head up and stares at him with wide, green eyes, lips parting in shock and… whatever else.
was judging his grocery choices.”
Castiel thinks back upon their earlier conversation. Being married, being safe, being happy. And
”Happy birthday, Dean,” Cas murmurs and kisses his shoulder.
They stand in silence as Dean looks down at the black display of his phone.
Dean is just a
Dean will check
”Aw, cheer up, Thunder!” he chirps and he takes a skip forward, breaking into song. ”You ain’t seen nothing yet, b-b-b-baby you just ain’t seen—”
Dean makes himself secretly smile at how he still follows him. Still, it seems he could follow him through Hell and back. His expression turns wry as he stalks up to the fence surrounding the building and remembers reality.
”If you say so,” Cas says around a grin. ”You’re the boss.”
But it had been a mistake to let Sam in on that internal dialogue. A very big mistake.
The city depends on him. This is what he reminds himself everytime he gets lost in those eyes. There’s no time to get hooked up on feelings for another superhero in a black latex suit, who’s maybe possibly dead, and definitely an angel who somehow fell from the sky, and possesses powers unknown to man so strong he could probably be an atom bomb. But hell, he doesn’t care about that.
if you need any song recommendations and stuff. In particular if you like classic rock, in which case, you're already winning.
”How can you kill what’s already dead?”
Dean looks up. Thunderbird is turned away, so he doesn’t know what his expression is. Kind of seems like he can’t express them anyway, but Dean sure can try to figure him out anyway.
”Am not.”
He lives, comfortably numb, in dreams of his angel and him. A thousand and one dreams when life is easy, no masks and no bullshit, dreams when he gets to call him his, he gets to feel happiness and safety.
Nada. Nothing.
”I’m seducing you,” Castiel says simply, and oh, Dean has suddenly become a warm puddle on the floor.
shakes the floor. When his eyes focus again, the chandelier has crashed into the marble floor, Castiel somewhere underneath in the rubble and broken glass. Dean can’t fucking see him.
Siri sent the message for him: ”Have a good day.”
”Let’s just get inside,” Dean mumbles and walks on. He mentally slaps himself for the accidental pun - if Cas could just
”Madhouse,” Dean states, shaking his head. ”Freakin’ madhouse.”
”Alright, stop. Back up.” Dean puts his hands up in surrender, eyes closing. He sighs slowly, frustratedly, temples drumming with his pulse (but at least that’s better than where it’s throbbing somewhere between his legs). ”This is so wrong. Like
for that.”
”Huh. Whack.” Dean snuggles into his shoulder. ”Then if you got nothing better to do, maybe your protective duty starts now. Just lie here and be comfy while I rest my eyes for a sec.”
Castiel looks with pure fucking wonder down at where Dean’s jeans are tenting. He follows his instructions though, making Dean wonder just
, don’t you think?”
”With me.”
”Fuck off,” Dean sputters and quickly closes the door behind himself, fumbling for the lock. ”I mean, like
”Wanna go for a ride,” Castiel murmurs, breathy and high, right above his exposed neck, ”
Castiel smirks and grabs the back of Dean’s neck with one hand and his shoulder with the other. He holds him tightly as Dean stares right into his wickedly blue eyes, but his head goes tipping right back and stuttering a moan when Castiel
But it takes more than a kiss to seal the deal.
”Get us on the bed,” Dean tells him in a murmur; he’s pinned to the wall with Castiel splayed over his body, his sinister lips on his neck. ”I was promised we’d make good use of it.”
Which makes Dean laugh, so at least there’s that. Perfect memo he should likely cut down on that term. ”Naughty me, still using words you don’t understand.” He shakes his head at his feet. ”Goddamn. How should I be punished?”
. Dean tests the strength of the ropes instead, quite used to being bound by some maniac or another; they’re just tight enough, and he could probably break loose if he wanted to, but he really doesn’t think he does. ”I have a question.”
Castiel shifts. This definitely wasn’t part of the plan. If he’d known Dean was
to do the right thing. Because he knows, logically, you can’t just
ino joke.”
”Ah.”
”I think that’s just your dream, Cas,” Sam told him sagely. ”That sounds like a very nice marriage, or retirement plan. But I don’t think Dean is enticed by bees.”
”It was a joke,” Thunderbird murmurs in assurance, looking concerned. For his well-being. ”Oh, I must have done it wrong.”
Castiel looks at him puzzlingly. ”I don’t care if Heaven wants me or if it won’t have me at all. This is my home now.”
”It’s my pleasure,” the vigilante replies.
”Why do you speak to birds?”
Cas freezes. It takes a moment before he realises: he’s asleep. He’s sleep-talking.
you.”
Guy really wasn’t expecting it. Dean can’t imagine anyone ever does.
Besides. Why blow the candles when you can blow an angel? Wink, wink.
”I didn’t mean what I said. You know, earlier.”
”Do I use my hands?” Cas asks, and fuck. Alright. Dean’s dick twitches at that, and that’s really
“Wait,” Dean moans against his lips, and Castiel makes a painful departure from him. “Fuck, ride me like that, baby. You’re doing so good but just, undo my zip, please. Please
Castiel looks confused. ”I don’t think it will be necessary to,” he does air quotes, ”sway repeatedly and do somersaults?”
, they maybe sat kind of
”So you can have my fingers another time,” Cas reasons, and even though Dean’s not sure that promise will hold, imagining how good that would feel is too damn irresistible. He leaks into his boxers and he shifts slightly, slightly closer towards him.
, goddamn it; the city fucking depends on him and all that.
Cas nods, understanding. “42 ish.”
A moment passes, and Dean could laugh just out of frustration.
Castiel grabs the back of Dean’s head and he only has time to draw a sharp breath before he’s kissing him.
It’s especially evident, in a moment like these, how this one clearly flew around the cuckoo’s nest and something about Dean’s internal alarm bells ring-a-dings to not just
”Like everything’s a copy of a copy of a copy?” Cas asks him, smirking as his head lolls to the side towards him.
it feels when he puts his lips over the tip, as is also evident by how Cas bites his lip and tips his head back, somewhere above him. He sucks on the head and hums, swirls his tongue, feeling totally blissed the fuck out.
in his hands with blue frosting dripping over the edges of the plate. He can
”This is the best part,” he explains over his shoulder.
like that. ”Where did you learn this?” He doesn’t wait for a response. He swallows hard, squeezes his eyes shut as he nods. ”Right. Right, the porno. Hm. Clever.”
”Well. No traffic jams, I guess.”
”Well I didn’t say that.”
When he follows him moments later, he might just see stars. His body locks up. It takes way too long to regain his composure but, fuck it, he could stay right here forever.
as he’s scanning the area for fuck-all.
before it’s too late.
Sam has known Dean is bi for basically as long as Dean has; because who else was he going to tell after he figured it out himself at the ripe age of 23? According to him, though, he’s known it longer, since Dean spent a long time in denial and apparently Sam thinks he’s smart like that. Either way, Dean is hardcore regretting that whole coming out thing just about now. Sam is clearly abusing his rights. This is a hate crime. Against him and his stupid feelings.
Thunderbird squints. ”Fermented dairy on greased up gluten is indeed an interesting combination,” he says mildly, and Dean is already rolling his eyes, ”but I'll have to decline your offer of sharing this cholesterol together.”
bickering brothers
, what the fuck? Because like, for one, who looks that good? Fully dressed (in a
They both flinch as the elevator suddenly jumps.
Cas tilts his head. ”I don’t see the problem.”
Cas gestures towards it it, shadows across the sternness etched on his devastatingly handsome face, but those eyes are lit up. Glowing, like the anticipation of a neon sign, pointing to-? Well, all things Dean desperately loves. Bar? Strip club?
if you want me to,” he adds, flicking his blue eyes up momentarily to meet Dean’s (scandalised) ones. ”And I think you do.”
Dean asks, mostly to himself.
It goes something like this: Dean likes a French toast for breakfast every once in a while when they’ve got the good bread at home (not the whole grain shit kind Sam buys, like, who does that?) and enjoys sipping coffee while he flips the golden sides, humming Metallica and bopping his hips in his jammies.
Dean is almost offended by how outrageous that is. ”So you saved
This made Sam slam his book shut.
”My name is Castiel,” the man before him says and Dean draws a sharp breath. ”I’m an angel of the Lord.”
Slade is still calm as ever. Infuriatingly so. It’s on purpose. ”Is pure
it to be?”
message he hadn’t responded to.
”I doubt anyone answers this late at night,” Cas replies. ”We were supposed to have left three hours ago, remember.”
. Dean’s bound hands tremble against the rope holding them in place behind him, out of his control, breath coming out in huffs between them.
“Would be… a whole lotta love songs,” Castiel said with almost a wink.
Dean flicks his eyes up at him for a moment, then grins sheepishly. ”Take it as what you want.” He winks. ”Or maybe you take
”Oh, yes. I also have a good alien conspiracy about ya.”
Cas nods slowly. “Yes, it’s usually what people come here for.”
by Kiss that fills the room with a hot, rhythmic guitar strumming, a soundtrack for sex as good as it gets. Dean turns slowly to Cas, who looks smug as all hell as he throws his trenchcoat aside, baring his lean, muscular body wrapped up in shiny latex. Like
”Dean,” Cas starts, steadily. More steady than Dean’s heart drumming away alarmingly. ”If you came out to me on accident, that’s... firstly really
”Now let’s go find that jackass,” he grumbles.
He’s about to protest, like bro, I can see you’re like a solid 35 years old tops, don’t flatter yourself like that claiming you very well could be 100 and looking so goddamn sexy despite it. That’s some weirdass way to narcissism and you should probably work that out with a professional or something.
Besides, it
as the room grows gradually colder.
, Dean is kind of resisting physically holding his dick down (bad boy, stay!) so, rest assured, he’d be horrifyingly embarrassed if he wasn’t so damn turned on already... it’s like the whole world feels kind of hazy, the lines of morals and what-have-yous kind of blurred and melty.
Maybe Cas should fly to the store himself and buy Dean the purple vegetable as a peace offering? No, he should deal with the issue at hand and not be led astray. But what could be done? Maybe he shouldn’t have deceived Siri like that; she really had just avenged him.
”Hello, Siri,” he rasped, eyes narrowed in both suspicion and concentration to do this ritual well.
title, evidently, does
“What?” Sam echoed quietly, just as scandalized.
he wants to say.
Edit 7/3: I had a dream last night I was in this universe and Dean said his what can I do ”other than stand around like a goddamn muppet” line, and Cas said ”would you rather I stick my hand up your ass like a hand puppet?” ????? Then I instantly woke up like.. what... was that.....
Thunderbird knocks his head against the wall before and Dean hears the thump when he falls unconscious to the floor.
”I don’t have a secretary,” Dean blurts out, immediately feeling his ears heat up.
”Why, Mr. Smith, I’ll take that as an invitation.”
Note that this is the actual last chapter and the next is an epilogue~ (◡‿◡✿)
too. Don’t know how the hell to pronounce the guy’s name though so I can’t brag but whatever.”
”Hey, wait up!” Dean calls and bursts off. A hand slams the doors back open so that Dean can skip inside, doors sliding back closed behind him as he breathes out, leaning against the wall. ”Gotta work on my cardio. Thanks, man.”
Dean demanded in a second text, and Castiel sighed helplessly.
”Can I?” he asks, fingers already back down his body and hooking his fingers into the elastic, and he only has to register a curt nod before he’s pulling them down as his hands go down his body again. Dean might not have sucked a tremendous amount of dick, but he still loves to get to give some pleasure, loves to have girls riding his face and have their thighs trapping him as he jerks himself off. He still thinks Cas is beautiful. ”Fuck,
, up until about the 1950's. They didn’t know if he was a vigilante or something of the supernatural, or just a myth. Some really thought he’s a saint or an angel sent from Heaven, with the way he came to save people.”
”So you’re a match made in Heaven,” Sam chirps. Dean jerks up to tell him to eff off, but instead it makes him see how he’s collected dental floss and a sterilized sewing needle. Dean’s pulse beats a little more anxiously as Sam hands him the leather belt. ”Bite on this. I’ll try to be quick.”
”Oh no,” Cas says as he sits back up. ”And we can’t have that. We need to utilize this very unsatisfactory situation.”
As he’d suspected, Siri announced she had found something, but it was only a list of unrelated websites. Castiel nodded.
”And you’re telling me he didn’t die again tonight even though you stabbed the bitch?”
Valkyr bolts forward and Dean has to wrestle himself free. He tries to slash after him with his knife, but it’s like cutting into mist; nothing much really happens and panic begins to set for real like cold ice in his chest. With blood pulsing and hands trembling he keeps trying to impact different parts of his body. Nothing, nothing, seriously
As fast as it was there, his hand is gone. Dean humps air and groans into his shoulder. ”You’re a fucking tease.”
worth it.”
”Wait, woah! A
Because when he opens his eyes, he feels sluggish, achey,
Dean follows, reticent, pot clasped against his chest. His heart is beating so hard behind his ribs he might just be sick. But this would be incredibly embarrassing so he tries very hard not to. As if he can even level-up in embarrassment at this point in time, after everything.
He can’t help but spit venom, but it’s okay though. He just needs Castiel to get out so he can lock the door, jerk off, specifically not think of him and how he looked approximately those 20 seconds earlier, probably jerk off again because he’ll have inevitably thought a lot about it, have a drink and a crisis and and then go the fuck to sleep.
crime scene
Cas purses his lips thoughtfully for a moment. Ah, screw that. Now Dean just wants to grab his tie and kiss him right there across the table. “How old should one be to get married?”
”Oh hey, my pizza,” Dean calls out.
Dean’s lips turn into a straight line. ”Okay, note taken, I’ll stop being funny.” He’s about to go on explaining, but furrows his brow and pops his lips. ”But it’s my best character trait so why would you hurt me like that? No, fuck it, so okay anyway...”
time,” he continues raspily. ”When you were alone and watching something on the TV, that we’re not supposed to watch when other people are in the room.”
With the swipe of his hand through the air and without touching seemingly anything at all, the door slides open ominously in front of Thunderbird’s silhouette.
Dean feels the cold before he has time to turn around. The next second it’s like someone hits him with a log and he’s flung across the room. He lands hard on the marble and slides along the polished, squeaky surface until he hits the wall. He tilts his head up to find Valkyr standing there.
He sticks to his pizza, though, taking a bite.
“There we go! That’s more like it. Besides, remember how I own a very badass samurai sword? I’m perfectly fit to join you guys.”
”Okay, so. We’re adults. Some more so than others... Why don’t you call him and just tell him it was a mistake?”
It’s past 8pm when Dean Smith closes his laptop and rubs vigorously at his eyes.
”Good morning, sunshine,” Dean mumbles into his coffee cup, poking at the toast with the end of the spatula.
And if Dean had just a fleeting thought when he saw him on the bus -
instead of saving it for
Dean, an angry sleeper; king of tossing and turning, emperor of night terrors and waking up with a start, God of pained noises caused by the things that haunt his subconscious. The Dean that he knows best, the very same, now lying asleep and curled in on his pillow, comforter strewn over his muscular body, now seeming so small, quiet, so
”Why would you have looked at them in any particular way?”
”Sam, he’s like,
“Maybe it’s time I get out into the field,” Sam muses and Dean raises his finger in warning, but Sam swats it away. “Seriously, I mean I’m basically already involved anyway. I could make sure you don’t get into a mess like this.”
“What are you gonna be? The Incredible Nerd,” Dean suggests followed by a chuckle; at least he can be his own audience.
”I think it’s required. We work together, and I trust
Even if it’s a short, fleeting moment, Dean feels electricity through his body when he catches his eye. It’s big, hooded eyes in the brightest shade of blue staring right back, piercing into him, like an intoxicating slap across the face. Like being pinned to a wall in ecstasy.
a few times too many.
energy. That’s some hippie love and peace crap.
Cas’ eyes are wide and watchful when he gets up in his lap, still inside, thighs bracing his waist. He puts his tentative hands on Dean’s waist, splaying out over bruised skin.
His feet hit the ground and his knees nearly buckle. He stares at Thunderbird, staring back at him just the same. Dean couldn’t cut the tension in the air even with his sharpest, dearest
”Alright, I’ll go ’round back,” Dean announces as he pulls a knife from his belt. ”Check the front.”
”About the bi-erasure?”
”Woah, dude.
Dean arches an eyebrow as Castiel sinks down from his lap and, kneeling in front of him, flicks his eyes up to meet his gaze so that Dean’s stomach twists up. Because, despite feeling about as good as pink jell-o, Cas on his knees with the skewed damn cowboy hat on top of his head, from behind which his blue blue
In his darkest hours, in the most dire of times; in sickness and in health, in life and in death. Always, he’s in love with him.
Dean smirks as his mouth works before his mind does. ”Audition for the porno version of The Matrix is the other way, buddy,” he taunts, crossing his arms. ”Or should I put on white bunny ears and we’ll call it even?”
”You might know I’ve been here a while.” Thunderbird actually looks to be reminiscing. ”The newspapers think I took this role from someone, but it was always me.”
”Well I’m not an Encyclopedia, Dean,” Sam snaps, pushing back from his laptop. ”God, I don’t even know where to look. Sounds like some dark web illegal stuff.”
”Manners.” Dean pokes him. ”Come on, Sammy, you want pizza or not?”
with every gentle brush of his fingertips if he totally lacked all sense of self control.
Dean can’t count a single time. And that’s what’s so infuriating. He believes him. He really fucking believes him.
, for crime-fighting purposes... I understand now what you meant.” He smiles timidly. ”You use very strange words sometimes.”
“Hey!” Dean protests. “I don’t like your version anymore. No, see now, Cas, it’s all about wanting to have a good
It’s a thanks, for saving his ass and all that (Cas saved his ass; that’s basically a slogan for a T-shirt). And well, at least he’ll like them more than pizza, which he had politely declined previously when Dean wanted to try to lowkey flirt. He should have a medal for supporting local businesses like this, in the name of love.
“What the hell are you
He checks his phone on instinct but doesn't have any missed calls or messages. Usually that’s Sam’s preferred way of contact while he’s in the field, as to make sure they don’t get spotted together and someone connects them. Sam’s safety will always be a top priority in Dean’s life. He almost gives him a noogie for coming out uninvited, but that would be unwise, given that he’s supposed to be a superhero talking to an absolutely unknown, and likely irrelevant, civilian. Just a civilian coming to try to speak to the superhero dude.
”So are you saying we’re
, Sam.” He takes a swig from his flask of liquor (it’s the greatest medicine) before he settles back onto the sofa. His ribs kind of hurt. ”Whatever. Did you find any more info about the guy, anyway?”
, but Dean can’t seem to simply
“Okay, you got me.” Dean grabbed his collar and pulled him towards the bedroom. ”Angry sex. Right now, you wonderful angel son of a bitch, so you’re right about that
The first time it happens, he gets coffee up his nose.
Dean barks a laugh. Now it’s
. Hips stuttering up from the chair, he releases a broken whimper, straining against the rope where it burns into his wrists like it’s the best pain in the world.
”Alright, awesome,” Dean grins, triumphant and mischievous. He resists a yawn. ”Hey, do angels sleep?”
despite how he probably doesn’t quite understand the concept of it; he’s the expert now, he’s in charge, and Dean is just passing the fuck out from how horny he is from that fact alone.
, is that
”Agreed,” Castiel affirms breathlessly. His hair is so screwed up and lips so kissed raw, he looks like he’s had sex. Which is quite the sight for sore eyes, but it’s just that Dean is kind of very thorough, and handsy and messy and a little bit rough. In turn, he hopes Cas learns to do the same to him. ”I have some more ideas in mind, as well.”
eyes are peeking out and looking up at him...
Dean shrugs his coat off and folds it neatly before putting it on the floor.
Dean lets his head fall back with a thud and stares at the black sky. Curtain. Applause. Exit scene.
Dean white-knuckles the chair as he stares at the name. ”Shit.” He turns around and stares out the window. ”So whatever names Thunderbird remembers from back then, whoever he saved, is our one chance of being able to warn the next victim. At least until we figure out how to stop Valkyr.”
Someway, somehow, in all the tumultuous, Thunderbird’s pinky brushes the side of his thigh. Like he’s splayed his fingers, searching for a touch; gentle, trying fingertips.
And friends are supposed to stab you in the front. Upright and honest, even mutually decided. Not when you least expect it. Not when you need them.
”Truly.”
Dean bites his lip playfully, experimentally; he pulls on his hair to see if he can wake more sounds out of him. When he feels Cas’ thigh inch closer between his legs Dean whimpers instead, making Cas’ fingers hungrily dig into his skin, breathing harder between them. Wanting more, more, more.
“It lasted for a long time, but it was wearing thin. It was only natural I should bring back the one to do all the dirty work for me, like he did for my bastard father. And, I know Thunderbird boy over here killed this idiot currently punching your guts out, so he had to go first.” He sneers. “Sorry about that.”
”Hell yeah,” Sam cheers as he starts to gather the dishes. ”Your man knows better than you do.”
At least, not without a certain someone.
In the midst of it all, he feels like he feels a presence. A white light. Maybe this is it, he thinks, the edges of his vision whiting out as the all-consuming pain fades out. Maybe death has come for him at last. And for what?
He grits out a sound, unintelligently, around the clench of his teeth.
Cas is bucking his hips slightly, tentatively, and Dean just knows this is what he does best. He’s a control freak in the office, this much is true, but when it comes to sex he just loves to please.
Castiel had been shocked to discover he was holding a very polite british woman hostage.
”So what do we do?” Sam mused. He shrugged half-heartedly. ”Write him poetry.”
”Hey, so you’re not so bad after all,” he murmurs, knocking his knuckles gently against Thunderbird’s arm. He feels warmth as he drags them down the leather sleeve, a warmth so inviting, so nice.
“Yeah… Sound so good.” Dean hums happily, smushing his face into the pillow once more, burying the sweetly freckled nose. Drifting away. “I’mma marry the crap outta ya, baby.”
“Where…” Dean wheezes, mouth feeling full of cotton balls. So Cas is the first thing on his mind, whether conscious or not. His eyes dart up to try to focus on Sam before he knows he’ll inevitably slip back into comfortable darkness. “Sunshine...?”
”No?” Dean shifts closer towards him. He resists putting a hand on his arm, scared it would come on too strong. Scared he’d seem to be taking advantage somehow, or scared of scaring him away. ”Well I, honestly I just really care about you, man. Which I guess I— well, fuck it. I want to know if I can help in
Dean roars, soaked in desperation, much like the man is soaking him in his blood, shaking in his grip.
Dean blinks back. Blinks more. Then he frowns. ”You know what, blow me,” he quips, then he turns back to the pan with a scoff.
”Oh yeah, guess I am. For the past few months but thanks for noticing.” Dean swipes up the smear of icing on Cas’ cheek with his thumb and gleefully licks it off with a pop, gaining a smile to mirror his own. ”Maybe I should hit the shower first. Whatcha say? Do I stink?”
”Are you jealous?” Thunderbird grinds out, an ice cold rage in his eyes. A lamp breaks in the ceiling. Somehow it seems related. ”Let’s hold hands.”
Cas’ bedroom is dim and silent to the point it looks almost unused, like maybe he spends all his time outside during the night, like maybe it’s just a cover, much like Dean’s daytime job. (Which he lost during his absence; being beaten half to death by a vengeful spirit isn’t really something you can call in sick for.) In conclusion, the bed is queen-sized and soft-looking and seems very, very tempting and Dean wants very, very much to see Castiel’s naked body on it.
Ain’t no sunshine when he’s gone.
”I understand,” Castiel replied, “but perhaps I can entice more anger out of you.” Dean furrowed his brow. “As you mentioned pebbles and
wrong.”
Yeah… We marry. Uhm. You wanna?”
Cas slumps back against the wall. ”I guess we wait.” He slides down on his haunches. ”Unless we kill each other first.”
. But.
has nothing to do with it.”
contract, to
. Dammit all to
”Hey, come sit down,” he beckons and Thunderbird joins him on the ledge. He sits stiffly, like he’s unused to his body and it’s so strangely adorable, how he can look at things with both awe and confusion. Something feels different now. It feels like a piece of his soul poured through, and Dean caught it gently; he wants to treasure all he gets to know about him and cherish it. ”Still a no to pizza?”
and perhaps I rushed—”
”What, you want hate-fucks on my desk?”
”If that wasn’t just a figure of speech: no, I doubt it,” Cas muses and Sam snorts again. ”I also don’t think he’d be complaining to begin with.”
of him.
Cas takes his other hand and grips tightly behind Dean’s thigh, lifts his leg up and Dean hooks it around his waist. Like he knows exactly what he wants and he’ll take whatever he can get, which is to say all of it, and Dean just relishes in the warmth, the wetness, the all-consuming feeling of him all around him, hard against him. As if he’s there, right there on every part of his sensitive body at once.
Uhm, okay, mister! I’d like to see
”Then I’ll be sure to finish ahead of your odd time criteria and refrain from being such an obscenity to you. I hope that suffices.”
”Seriously?”
He gives him no time to linger in the hot atmosphere between them though, but turns back to the wall, making Dean huff out a breath. He shakes off the feeling to his best ability. (A hard-on in public would be a pretty
the one who’s
”Sounds fair.” He clicks his fingers. ”Too bad I don’t play fair.”
Dean stares up at the flower shop sign, like a challenge. Never in his life has he brought flowers. Hands deep in his pockets and an almost-pout on his face, he glances at the pizza place next door where he got a delicious, cheesy pepperoni pizza made of some sort of paradise, which was then forgotten on a rooftop, this very rooftop.
Later in the bunker, Castiel had wandered off to one of the empty rooms to sit down with the tiny woman, for an intelligent exchange, whether artificial or not. Apparently she would make his wishes come true, so he decided to start easy, holding the button until her spirit materialised as a small, turbulent ball of vibrant colours above where his thumb now rested.
When the song fades
”That’s a signature?” Dean mutters to nobody in particular, because what the fuck? What did he do to deserve all this,
What if they don’t make it, this time? This time when he really, really matters?
”You feel useless,” Thunderbird concludes, like he’s a well-versed psychiatrist. Or psychic. Or asshole.
less conviction.
, where he could press the first option and have Dean’s voice almost instantly answering him with a greeting. This was the only necessary function of a phone to have, he was sure.
”Mhm?” Cas hums approvingly, bucking up slightly into the touch.
So much for mutual trust.
Sam just shrugs though. “Hey, I wouldn’t mind.”
But most of all:
like he’s hit by a fucking
Dean hums in acknowledgement. ”Are you sure he took over from someone? He doesn’t, you know, sparkle in the sun?”
”Well, it was a set-up,” Dean states. ”Explosions can preferably be avoided in the nearest future.”
He wants to kiss him, and kiss him, and kiss him.
, like he’s
that makes Dean gasp. Not the way his aching cock touches Castiel’ thigh as it brushes past him, or the way his stomach goes through an entire rollercoaster ride of the dirtiest, most burning hot emotions.
have to restrain you for the rest of the mission.”
. I thought I’d gone nuts but there you go.” He withdraws quickly to cross his arms, then looks up at him with a smirk. ”You
Thunderbird glances down at it, frowning, and Dean grins. ”It does not entice me.”
”I’ve never slept.”
Dean interrupts him by barking out a laugh. He looks more confused at this, and Dean has to laugh again.
Still not really getting it though.
Tyres screeched to a halt outside and a very flustered Dean barged inside, door slamming open. His blue denim jacket billowed like white bags of take-away dinner, raised in his fists like weapons.
And, yet! The fucker never even reacted. He never swooned, never complained, never nothing. Nada. Zero. Just scowled, or had an intense stare-off, or nearly hate-fucked him against the wall, clearly. Or, well. That was just Dean’s plaintive wishes.
He collapses against the wall and Cas leans back, fixing absently with his own slacks and buckling his belt again. Dean is still catching his breath by the time he’s sitting across from him, smirking.
Until one door, when he pushes through and it’s a dimly lit room. Blinking as his eyes adjust he jumps when Thunderbird opens a large door opposite him to a loud squeak of the old metal hinges, but his eyes fall back to movement in the middle.
”Yes,” Castiel answers solemnly, but Dean can tell the little shit is proud too.
comes on next and, even with Dean’s annoyance out of the way, Cas eventually makes the belt drop with a swipe of his hand through the air. It falls together with the rest of what he props onto himself, breastplate, shoulder armor, the whole shebang. Cas seems to allow it when Dean eagerly pulls the black long-sleeve over his head and he throws it across the room. Dean bites his lip, strapped back in now-unbuttoned pants, laced up boots and boxers, the only things remaining from that quickfire strip poker.
And anyway, the thing is, Cas really
”Wanna play fuck, marry, kill?”
. That is to say, his skin is smooth, without jagged scars and hellish burns. Without cuts and grazes. Without anything that ever physically harmed him. Not a memory of pain, just the hickeys he just created. And what a beautiful creation that is.
But he never disagrees. So they just sit there for a moment.
Dean resists gasping. Dean resists running up and kissing Cas senseless.
He hands travel up his body, rounding his back, goes back to squeezing his ass as he thrusts into him. When his fingers go ghosting closer to his crack Cas actually whines, he’s sure of it, and god if it doesn’t bring him one step closer to actually jizzing into his pants.
”I can’t wait.”
His eyes dart back to their faces. Valentin Kyle is an uncanny replica of the entity he saw tonight, the faded man.
His brother gets his concerned-therapist face on, which Dean doesn’t like very much. He’d rather see he puts on the let’s-bandage-you-up and get-you-some-pie face. And god, he really could go for some pie right now. Apple. Banana. Cherry. The entire plate model of pie. An entire plate. Of pie.
”Look, Sam, if you don’t patch me up right this second, I’ll probably die and I’ll be coming back to haunt your ass. So sort your priorities, please and thank you.”
He keeps challenging him with the glare he won’t meet. ”Oh, I
Dean gets to witness it himself - or, you know,
But, goddamn. He really
“It’s a blatant lie, which is evident by how I’ve seen you looking at me when you think I won’t notice,” Thunderbird drawls, a hint of a smirk playing on his lips. Oh, fudge, Dean feels himself crumble for that smirk and the purr in his voice. “But as I said, I enjoy how you still try to prove me wrong.”
It’s just gasps and slick sounds shared between them, his back thumping against the wall, a sheen of sweat illuminating every muscle on Cas’ working body. Dean sneaks his arm to his dick and starts to pump himself, losing his mind over how good it feels, how
”I know who you are, by the way,” Thunderbird says, redirecting his eyes to Sam. ”We’ve spoken previously. You called about joining Demonblade on our mission.”
Sam’s contact is simply nicknamed Support, because, one: he’s basically his tech support guy and two: if he should ever end up in a sticky situation, someone can grab his phone and call for support. Simple as that. Nobody else has ever called this phone, and he changes it haphazardly every other week to keep it that way.
”Hey, you do you.” He shoots off a text for Sam to announce he won’t be making it home tonight, winky face. ”I’m just saying I feel kind of tired but I’m the one who’s been knocked out on painkillers for a few weeks.”
, Cas,” Dean breathes, flicks his eyes down to stare between them. ”Look at that.”
Dean stares. Like, properly stares. But he’d deny that if Cas accused him of it. ”Oh, shit. Congrats or something I guess.”
Dean had found the crate of records hidden in the bunker, forgotten since the 60’s sometime when it was abandoned, one of which had a cover with a green banner and sporting a few goofy looking dudes feeding goats. His darling ’67 Impala was just a year shy of being as old - or
Tripwire. Bomb. Should have been blown to smithereens.
Dean has to grin. This is such a strange conversation. ”Sunshine, I know three things for certain. One is that I really want to crash right now. Secondly, Bert and Ernie are as
. How does that even
Dean looks at him, disbelieving. ”Don’t you have a
”Dean thinks I’m in love with you,” Castiel explained, matter-of-factly, and it sounded even worse when he said it out loud.
to him as a lullaby when he was just a little shit in the crib, so somehow those chill vibe 60’s bands bring back something that feels terribly close to fondness, accompanied by some sort of warmth blooming in his chest. (They’re very different from what his dad ended up raising him on, anyway, the kind of songs that rather made him want to raise hell sometimes. Um, but preferably not literally.)
, now his cock is so hard and so close to him and so right there, his voice gruff and demanding, it makes all those wants and needs within him pump hotly through his body and urges him to move this along faster, oh so much faster.
”Fine,” he grunts eventually and gets up. He moves quickly towards the door leading to the stairs. ”But we’re being
like? In your professional opinion as the shopkeeper?”
Castiel’s hands travel up his back from his waist, fingertips on his clothed skin, exploring, sensing. Dean brings one of his own into his hair and runs his fingers through it, strands shifting in silver and black this time of night. It’s a little wet from the rain and he doesn’t care. Their lips are a little cold and the scruff brushes his skin and he doesn’t give a flying fuck.
He clears his throat. “Like. 40, ish. 42.”
“Well, it can’t have been all for
idea-”
He looks about Dean’s age too, from his speculation, or maybe a few years his senior because Dean doesn’t usually get a
every visible sign of pain.
baby,” Dean begs, hot and useless lips against his jaw. ”Go
Dean chuckles quietly to himself. ”Compliments.” He makes a woosh-sound with a swipe of his hand over his head, symbolizing the compliments flying. ”It’s a good thing you’re cute, buddy,” he concludes.
”I apologize, Sam,” Cas supplies, smiling kindly. ”Your brother uses very strange words sometimes. Don’t let it change your habits.”
relieved. ”Hey, yeah, good idea, I’ll just order us a pizza. This is fine? PG-13?” He pushes away from the table, speaking too fast to allow any answer. ”Great, nobody made a
Dean, as it turns out, is a time optimist and struggles greatly with fitting his legs into his pants just because he kind of got maybe a little bit nervous and he ends up stumbling around the bedroom cursing for a while. He goes to check on Sam before he leaves too, asleep on his own camping bed with his laptop on the floor. Dean stops to drape a blanket over him. Then he makes himself a sandwich. Then he bolts out the door and sprints towards his car.
“Yeah, well, I know that now.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” the woman, Eileen, said, also signing.
“But how?” Sam questioned, “The road is blocked and all the phones are dead.”
Jody smiled, it was a tired little thing but genuine nonetheless, her eyes sparkling with something secret, like she knew something he didn’t. “Like I said,” she answered, “I found a family that looks out for each other. I stuck around because I wanted to, because we get to help a lot of people and safe a lot of lives.”
Bobby was still waiting in his room, the ever-present scowl firmly in place as he instructed Sam to get dressed and meet him in the library.
“It’s not. I’ve been searching for it for years. Finally tracked it down with a nest of Vampires a few weeks ago.”
“Wh – What do you mean, you’re not coming with us? Of course you are,” Dean insisted, shaking his head vigorously.
“I’m good.” And he was. He felt
“Bind him up.”
Dean thought about Cas’ words for a moment; they sounded true. Dean took a deep breath –
“Hey, Sam. I’m Adam,” he introduced himself.
“They’re Angels. How can they not be good?” Sam questioned with a frown.
Jody arched a single eyebrow at him over the rim of her cup. “I should hope so. It’s been, what, 15 years since you last saw him?”
It was a seven-hour drive from Cold Oak, South Dakota to the Devil’s Gate in Wyoming but it felt like an eternity. No one spoke except for the occasional swearing, which came mainly from Dean.
“That’s an order!”
“I don’t understand.”
And that was that on that. And yet Sam didn’t feel despondent. Quite the opposite, in fact. He’d forgotten the thrill of the investigation, the research, the chase – it was like a fire had been lit inside of him, burning away the lethargy he’d been feeling for most of his life. The harder this case became, the more Sam was adamant on solving it. He could save these people, he knew.
“Sure. That.” The part of Sam’s brain that wasn’t currently curled up in a corner wishing for death picked up on something in her voice, or maybe her eyes, that seemed off, cagey, like there was more to the story, but he decided not to question it, instead letting his gaze wander through the bar. He hadn’t really noticed it the previous night. There was a sign hanging on the wall, a list of rules, really.
“That’s rich coming from a guy with a flask in his pocket,” he sneered, downing his drink and immediately pouring another, while Dean just kept fucking looking at him.
“Gordon?” he asked in disbelieve when he saw the man standing outside.
For the first time in what felt like months, Dean actually slept through the night. The nightmares had gotten worse after Sam’s disappearance, and when it wasn’t the ominous torture chamber it was someone he cared about, dying. First Cas, torn apart by a strange white light, then Jo and Ellen blown up in an explosion, Cas, ripped apart by an invisible force, Sam and Adam falling into an abyss. It was distressing. Of course, Dean had always had nightmares from time to time but never as bad as this. And never so…
“Cas likes bees,” was Dean’s only explanation for that last part and Sam simply nodded.
“What –” Fiona hiccupped. “What are you gonna do to us?”
“Looking for the Demon. We find that, we got Sam. I already told Ash to keep his eyes and ears open for any signs.”
“Good point.”
“Don’t you dare talk about my brother that way.”
“I’m sorry you had to do that.”
Sam and Dean exchanged a contemplative look and a shrug, before Dean replied, “Wouldn’t hurt, I guess.”
No one ever came back.
“Someone’s coming,” the tallest of the three informed Lenore, who groaned in frustration.
“I just wanted to be normal.” He kept saying it. Sam
“Sam,” he began, “it wasn’t your fault.”
“Doing what?” Eileen asked, a crease between her eyebrows.
Dean swallowed and found himself nodding in agreement, he strengthened his own grip on Cas’ hands before whispering, “I promise.”
“Don’t be sorry. I’m sure you did good. I’m proud of you, Dean,” John smiled warmly at his son and Dean blinked confused.
“You don’t seem too worried about that.”
There was a loud bang, coming from downstairs, Dean could hear steps approaching and seconds later, the door swung open. Without even thinking about it, Dean stood up and watched as Max strode into the room, looking determined, focused. Dean dared to step forward but was thrown back by a Max’ power. His back hit the wall hard and he could hear Alice screaming.
“You look happy,” he muttered. In the backseat Adam was already half asleep.
going to leave you.” Dean cupped Cas’ face with his hands, ignoring the tears burning in his eyes. “I love you.”
“What killed her? What happened, Sammy?”
“The Hunter?”
“I – I need –” With an unsteady hand, he raised his empty glass as an explanation and pushed himself too his feet, walking over to the bar for another whiskey.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Alright, then.”
Dean was manning the Network Station and arguing with Claire about her plans to move to New York with her girlfriend, while Sam sat at the map table with Eileen, having another ASL lesson. His signs were still somewhat clumsy and slow, but he was learning, and Eileen barely even made fun of him anymore.
Sam nodded, remembering Jody mentioning that.
“Well, there was that one time with the cursed mirror where he fell in love with himself Narcissus style.”
“Not here, Dean. Meet me at the motel.” And with those words, John slammed the door of his car shut and drove off.
“You hear that, Sammy? Shut up,” Yellow-Eyes parroted mockingly, “I think your brother is slightly upset over what you did here. I can’t say I blame him…You’ve been
, Sam wanted to say,
Sam frowned, looking between his brother and the older man. None of this was making sense. “Different how?”
, Sam wanted to say,
“Thank you, Kelly.”
“She was attacked,” Sam answered before anybody else could. The doctor nodded and started examining the wound on Andrea’s arm, while Andrea began talking, “Gil and Frank, they…they came into the shop and they grabbed me and pulled me outside and…oh god what is happening?!”
“You’re brooding.”
“Very little,” Missouri answered, “Your father took me to the house, hoping I could sense the energy, the echo of the thing that did it.”
Morning came and they moved out to investigate.
His eyes had adjusted to the new brightness and he took the opportunity to have a proper look at Lenore. It was obvious now that a few years had passed since they had last met. Not because she had gotten older, she was a Vampire after all, but because those years hadn’t treated her well. Her hair was no longer long and shiny but dull and short, her skin seemed unnaturally pale and her eyes were those of a dead person. Dean wondered what had happened.
“Beats me. But I don’t like it.”
Dean couldn’t help it, he laughed. He laughed and cried at the same time because Sam was
“Yes,” Dean confirmed and then cursed himself for saying that. “Listen Cas, whatever you do, don’t go there. I know what you’re thinking, but don’t. It’s too dangerous.”
“She was an it.” Finally, Sam turned his head and Dean wished he hadn’t. Sam’s eyes were cold, empty. Dean felt his own blood freeze in his veins as he stared at his little brother, the boy he had raised, the angry man that had walked out of them all these years ago.
It wasn’t just Dean, though.
“Everyone okay?” the big, bulky man who had been sitting on the floor repeated while standing up. “There’s a body lying on the floor and you’re asking us if we’re
“Dad, if there’s something you know then –”
Without a word, Sam walked past Bobby and inside the house while the older man stayed behind, his eyes falling on Dean and Cas who were still standing by the car.
“Oh mum, please let me. Please, please, please, please, please!” Ben begged and Dean thought he might actually start crying now if Lisa said no and Ben’s mum seemed to be thinking the exact same thing.
“Adam, listen to me,” he urged him, “You do exactly as I say, understood? When I say run, you fucking run like your life depends on it, ‘cause it probably will. I won’t have you dying, just because you do something stupid.” He waited until Adam gave him a nod, his eyes wide and Dean could tell that the kid was nervous. “Alright. Let’s go in. Stay behind me.”
“Be careful,” the brunet told Dean right before he got into the car, “And call me when you find your dad.”
The man hummed. “Benny,” he said, holding out his hand, “What can I get you, brother?”
“Yes.” Cas nodded. “And those dreams you had. I feel like I heard about them before. Like I was there too.”
kidding me?” Dean gaped at Jo, then at the rest of them, hoping that someone might yell ‘April’s Fool’, except it wasn’t April and no one seemed to think this was a joke.
“Yeah. Name of Azazel.”
They only just managed to jump behind tombstones when the doors burst open and Dean could see a massive cloud of black smoke rushing over his head. A few feet away, behind another gravestone, he could see Cas and Jo, crouching on the ground. Staring at the sky in terror.
“We got rooms out back,” she told him, “Stay as long as you need.”
“Damn right I am,” Dean muttered.
“Oh, uhm, that’s mine actually,” Dean said, trying to keep a straight face. This was awesome.
“She left without taking anything with her. Even her dad’s knife is still in her room.”
Jody got out of the car, waiting for Sam to do the same before leading him towards the door.
“I think you promised to bit me…”
“A lot of yelling, things being thrown around. The father was drunk a lot and when he was, he beat Max. Broke his arm two times. He said there was not a day where he hadn’t seen something like that. The uncle too and the step-mother just watched and did nothing.”
He looked around, Jo and Adam were leaning against one of the headstones, fingers entwined, Bobby had his arm slung around Ellen’s waist and Cas stood not far away from them, smiling faintly and nodded when his eyes met Dean’s, as if to say ‘just get over yourself and hug him’; which he did. It didn’t make it okay and it didn’t mean Dean forgave Sam but it was a start and maybe that was all they needed.
“They’re Angels, and they would kill you in a heartbeat if it fit their agenda.” She let out a soft sigh. “I’ve only met a few and they don’t come down here often, but we always try and stay as far away from them as possible.”
Just like dad.
He asked himself. Only a few weeks ago, he had had Sam by his side and although dad had been missing, he at least he had been sure that he’d been alive somewhere. Now, Sam was gone and dad was dead.
They all nodded but before they could spring to action someone pounded against the door.
“Yeah.”
“Doesn’t ring a bell, why?”
Dean’s eyes were fixed on the gun, waiting for the shot to go off. But it never came. The door was slammed open, “No don’t. Don’t,” Sam shouted and Dean was never happier for seeing his brother, “Please. Please, Max.”
They were at the hospital. Cas had been lucky; years and years of training had payed off and he got away with a mild concussion and several bruises. Adam was a whole other story. After the Changeling had finally died, Dean had first checked on the kids and then gone back inside where Cas had slowly regained consciousness. He had nearly freaked out when he had seen the blood on the back of Adam’s head. He’d been hit pretty badly and was still out, in addition to that he had a broken rib and a sprained wrist. But he would be alright.
“That’s why you came here? ‘Cause you saw me killing some kid?” Dean inquired and Sam nodded. “I thought you were dead.” Sam’s voice was nothing more than a hoarse whisper and Dean could see the pain in his eyes.
“Of course,” the widow nodded and led Dean through the corridor. It was a nice house as far as Dean could see; the walls were covered with pictures of Hannah and Jack and a little girl, whom Dean assumed was their daughter. They looked happy.
Dean raised his eyebrows at the strained note in Sam’s voice, like he’d just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. “You okay?” he asked, stepping forward, and his eyes fell onto the book, his frown deepening, “What are you doing with Cas’ book?”
Sam frowned. “Jody?”
at least I know how to do this.
As much as Dean would have liked to stay at the Roadhouse, his only home next to Bobby’s, they had to leave sooner or later. Saying their goodbyes to Ellen and Ash, Sam and Dean walked outside with Cas not far behind.
“About Sam,” Cas concluded and Dean nodded, “Yeah.”
“Yeah, pretty sure Cas already did that,” Dean mumbled, mostly because he really didn’t want to be the one to tell Ellen. The woman was an angel, but he was still a bit scared of her and he definitely felt guilty. It was his fault that Jo started Hunting in the first place after all.
“Stop.” It was nothing more than a broken whisper, forcing its way over John’s lips but suddenly his eyes weren’t yellow anymore, or maybe Dean was just imagining that. Maybe he was already dead. He heard Sam talking from an endless distance and John was answering and he heard a banging against the door but he couldn’t see anymore; everything was blurry and faint. Suddenly, there was a shot, tearing through the ringing in his ears and Dean dropped to his knees; he tried to breath, open his eyes, anything. Voices calling his name, hands touching him.
“Cas?” Dean asked with relief, “What the hell took you so long?”
“Nightshift?”
Sam nodded with a strange look on his face and together they left the room to save little Rosie and her family.
“Not yet,” answered Charlie, “You want a drink while you wait?”
“What? How?” Sam asked, turning to face his brother.
“You’re still angry with him,” Cas observed. Dean had no clue how he always did that…how he always knew exactly what Dean was so pointedly not saying, reading between the lines like some freaking psychic. Not that he was…a psychic that is. Cas just knew Dean the way no one else did. And Dean? Dean knew Cas better than anyone – better than himself – so, he guessed, it went both ways.
Finding a certain woman in a town of 100.000 people was, obviously, like looking for a certain piece of hay in in a haystack. Frustrating and seemingly impossible.
“Okay,” Dean echoed, “Now come one, this is just the beginning.”
“Mummy, I’m hungry,” Trixy complained.
“Ahem.” Oh right, Sam was there too. “Guys, if you could stop flirting for a second, that’d be great. We still need to get out of here,” the younger Winchester said.
“Put on trial? By whom?”
Matt had been 16, the last time Dean had seen him. Now, three years later, Dean was surprised to see how little he had changed.
“What do you mean?”
Giving a curt nod, Cas poured him a cup of coffee. “You’re welcome to stay.”
“You mean, you think he –” Cas didn’t end the sentence. He didn’t have to.
“Eleven, I think.”
“Was there any place in particular he liked?” Dean questioned further, “A hideout he had as a kid or something?”
, Sam would be able to take out anybody he wanted without breaking a sweat and even if he had had an eight-yearlong break, Sam still had the brain of a genius and one year back in the Life, had been enough to dust off his memories.
Adam shrugged, “Okay, I guess. I don’t understand most of the things that’re going on but that’s okay, Jo’s explained it to me bit.”
“What was it? The trail?” Sam asked.
“Who is this?”
“So, you’re a dad, huh?” he teased, glad that his voice actually sounded the part, and even gladder when Dean flashed him a grin that barely hid the blush on his cheeks.
“Two different parts of the city,” Dean mused.
“Who are you?”
“I’m not sure.” Cas sounded confused, which added only to Dean’s puzzlement.
“How do you know all this?” Sam asked with wide eyes.
“Look, Dean, whatever it is you came here for, it ain’t happening. I love Matt.”
Exhale.
Except she didn’t. No one did. Not Eileen, not Bobby, certainly not Dean.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” the younger Winchester said.
“It’s a little funny.”
“That makes sense. My parents were very religious, kind of scared me off.”
Singer Salvage Yard was a sad shadow of what Sam remembered it to be. The cars still standing around were rusty and broken beyond repair, most missing wheels and windows and whole doors. The house didn’t look much better. It was clear that no one was living here anymore, that no one had lived here for quite some time – the windows were boarded up, though Sam was almost sure he saw a salt line through one of the gaps, all the doors were locked, and the whole place was eerily quiet.
“He doesn’t need them. Not all of them. He wouldn’t have let them die if he did.”
“I’m good.”
“Or maybe it’s a trap,” Dean considered, taking a sip from his beer, he really didn't like the sound of any of this.
Dean sighed. “I know.” He did. Sam was his little brother and it was Dean’s job to take care of him, the problem was just that he didn’t know how to do that anymore.
“Lisa,” he finally managed to say, “I’m in a very happy, very committed relationship, you really don’t need to worry about that.”
“Because, Dean, Sam is family, and you’re not the only one who is worried. He’s your brother, yes, but he is also my friend, and as good as Bobby’s son. Because whatever we’re walking into here, it won’t be good. If this is connected to the Demon, and I know that you think so, then this is, in fact, very bad and we could need all the help we can get.”
“You are troubled,” Cas said in a low voice. Dean didn’t answer at first; he wasn’t sure what to say. Denying it would be pointless, Cas always knew when he lied, but admitting what was bothering him didn’t seem like a great idea either. “It’s okay to be scared, Dean. What is happening to Sam is inexplicable and it’s only natural that you’re worried about him.”
“I killed someone,” the kid countered, challenging Sam to react, “Right when I was turned. He was my best friend’s older brother and I woke up with his blood all over me.”
“Nothing,”  Dean snapped.
They were back in the motel, Dean sitting on his and Cas’ bed, Adam on the other, while Cas was leaning against the wall, his arms crossed in front of his chest. He didn’t answer, but rather snorted contemptuously and continued glaring daggers at Dean. “I’m sorry, okay?”
“What could do that?”
“Cas’ book?” he asked, slowly getting out of his chair, “Cas wrote this? What – is he a Witch?”
“He’s doing it. Max. Everything I’ve been seeing.”
“Dean what’s going on?” Sam urged but Dean just shook his head.
“And then?”
The second thing Sam noticed was that this had to be completely normal because no one was paying any attention to it.
“You have any idea what he had?” Dean asked curiously.
There was a choked sound coming from Sam and then Jess sat on the chair, beautiful and unharmed.
“I tried to find you, afterwards,” he went on to say, “I swear I did but –” Dean shook his head. “—You covered your tracks good, man.”
“As a matter of fact, it is,” Cas confirmed.
“What about the case?” Cas asked.
“I hate you.”
“It’s private.”
The third thing Sam noticed was that he, himself, didn’t really care as much as he probably should considering what dad had always told him growing up –
“What happened?”
“Calm down, Sammy. First, we gotta find out where that is and we have to find Cas a car.”
The obligatory ‘make me’ was cut off when Cas claimed his mouth once again, rougher this time. Dean let out a soft moan when he felt Cas’ teeth on his lower lip and the tongue thrusting into his mouth. He was shoved against the mattress with Cas’ weight pinning him down and any possible smart comments completely ran away from him when there were callused, yet soft hands, sliding under his shirt and Cas’ mouth sucking at his neck.
“Dad? No idea where he is.”
“You’re lying.”
“Wisconsin, Green Bay,” Bobby began, “Probably Vampires.”
“I wasted a bullet. He wouldn’t be proud of me, he’d tear me a new one,” he explained. He knew his dad and he knew how he reacted to mistakes. Bracing himself, Dean slowly raised the Colt and pointed it at John, cocking it. “You’re not my Dad.”
“It’s getting late,” Dean pointed out, turning his back on Sam, “You wanna stay the night or should I drive you back to the Roadhouse?”
“Meg?” Sam asked and Dean nodded, grateful that he had said Meg and not Jo because that would just sound worse. “What’d she say?”
Dean swiveled around and saw Jo walking towards them, tears streaming down her face. Behind her, Dean could see Bobby, Ellen and Adam.
Phil stepped forward and led Chris into the lab while Dean ran his hand over his face, “I’m not gonna do it,” he decided.
“Seriously, Dean? Don’t you read?” Sam asked incredulous.
They stood on a muddy back road and, somehow, this felt like goodbye.
They fell into a comfortable silence and Dean realized that talking about those weird dreams had, in fact, helped. He felt better now. Lighter.
“I had another dream,” his little brother confessed and Dean nearly groaned. He really couldn’t deal with freaky premonitions on top of this too. However, he held back and instead pressed for more information. “About what?”
They moved to one of the tables, Sam with another whiskey, Dean and Bobby with a soda each, a strange sight all in and of itself, while Jody stayed at the bar.
“With Adam,” Cas answered, laying a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder, “You should see this.” He led Dean towards the front door and – nothing…the streets were completely empty.
“Okay.” Cas nodded and stopped right in front of Dean, crouching down, his hands, on Dean’s knees. “But then you have to promise me to stop what you’re doing right now. I know you’re hurting and that there is this huge, deep darkness trying to consume you and I know you’re scared...” his voice trailed off but he kept looking in Deans eyes and Dean looked right back. There was a pair of calloused, yet, soft hands grabbing his. “You have to promise that you won’t let go,” Cas finally continued, “Because you might be content with dying at this point, because you might not care, but I do, Dean. I need you.”
“Castiel,” Lenore said and waved towards the others to let go of Dean. It was obvious that they’d rather rip of his head than obey Lenore but she also seemed to be their leader which meant they had to do what she said.
“Check on him.” It was all Dean could force out before he felt the darkness closing in again.
“Yes.” He nodded. “There was something else. I found the word Croatoan carved into a tree.”
He threw a helpless glance to Dean who took mercy on his little brother, half -brother. Whatever.
Not having anything better to do, Sam followed.
“Child abuse,” Sam repeated, this time louder, “Cas, you said that the neighbour knew something about that. What exactly did he say?”
“That happens. What about you? What do you do?”
But this wasn’t a question of technicalities.
“Go on then,” Dean broke the awkward silence that had settled over them, “I can see you dying to ask questions, so ask.”
“I’m not coming with you,” Sam simply said, throwing the keys and Dean caught them out of reflex. Sam's fingers were entwined with Ruby’s who gave Dean a challenging look.
“Why not?” Adam challenged.
“You still haven’t heard from him?” Bobby chipped in and Dean shook his, “There’s a Psychic,” Bobby went on, “Missouri Moseley. I know that she helped your dad out quite a bit. I never met her but he trusted her.” He sipped at his coffee letting his words sink in and Dean wondered why he had never heard of this Missouri before. “Maybe she can help you,” the older man eventually finished.
“Sam, don’t!” someone yelled but it was already too late. They all watched in horror as the engravings on the door began to move and Dean didn’t even realize that he could move again until Bobby rushed past him and shoved Sam out of the way. The engravings snapped in place and the doors began to rattle like something was pushing against them from the other side.
Dean winced slightly, he saw blood dripping from the man’s head and his body going slack before dropping to the ground. A few feet ahead, gun still drawn, stood Sam, his eyes wide and moth slightly open.
“Good morning, Krissy. Kevin.” Cas greeted them with a warm smile, “Get some rest. Both of you. I can take over.”
“What?”
Long story short: Dean had doubts.
“I know,”
“Yeah, you?”
Dean wanted to ask, but in that moment Cas and Adam entered the room, “Dean?” the familiar, gravelly voice of his boyfriend greeted him.
Something passed over Dean’s face, too quick to really make out before that was gone too, and all that was left was the carefully guarded expression Sam had seen all evening.
“Away from you.”
Dean’s eyes grew wide, he should have expected it. He should have known it. He was hardly listening when it was Sam’s turn to be put on trial
There was a strange look on Bobby’s face, something deeply sad and regretful, but when he spoke his voice familiarly rough. “If you came here hoping I’d tell you, you’ve got another thing coming, son. This is something you gotta figure out for yourself, and I don’t mean the way you been doing these past years, ‘cause it seems like you just been chasing your own tail. Now I know Dean told you where he’s at, and I know he told you to let him know when you know where you’re at, so that just leaves the question, what do you want? And if you say normal one more time, I swear I’m gonna smack you.”
“Come on,” he muttered softly after a while, leading Sam back to the Impala. His brother had hardly said a word since the fire, and Dean was painfully reminded that Sam hadn’t just lost his wife but also his unborn child. “We called Bobby and he said we could stay with him for a while.” What he didn’t mention was the stream of swears and curses that had left Bobby’s mouth once Dean had finished explaining. What he didn’t mention were the threats towards John that Bobby had muttered under his breath. What he didn’t mention were the tears in Dean’s eyes and Bobby’s voice as they both began to realised what Sam had lost.
“I – I can’t –” he stammered, “I can’t tell. It takes at least three to four hours for the sulfur to show in the blood and it’ll be too late by then.”
“Maybe.”
” Bobby cut him off, “
“You’re vain,” Dean grumbled under his breath, though Sam could see him fighting hard to bite back a smile.
“Did you now? Wasn’t it rather because Dean had failed you?”
Bobby’s eyes softened and he nodded like he understood, and maybe he did. “You’re brother’s fine. He’s a tough kid.”
Whatever was sizzling on the stove smelled good and Sam could hear his stomach rumbling.
the way it happened, days before it did. I should have known.”
“And you – live here?” he asked carefully.
“Do you have any idea where he might be?”
Of all the things he’d done, failing Sam was undoubtfully the worst.
“Okay.”
Sam could almost picture it. An 11-year-old boy, terrified and traumatized and on the run from something he didn’t fully understand, desperate for someone to tell him what was going on, what to do. Their dad would have shot him on the spot. But not Dean.
“Mrs. Serendel? Seth Gecko, I’m with the insurance company,” he introduced himself, and Hannah Serendel invited him inside. “I’m terribly sorry for your loss,” he offered.
“How could it possibly be his fault?”
“No.” Madison shook her head vehemently. “It’s wasn’t Dean’s fault that I had been bitten by a Werewolf. That was before we even met. It’s not his fault that there is no cure. That I couldn’t live like that.”
It said,
“I usually am.”
“Are you giving up?” Sam asked incredulously from where he was sitting in the backseat..
Dean frowned at the road ahead of him. “You’re family, Cas,” he stated firmly, “You belong with me.”
did Sam suddenly have death visions?
“Save it,” Sam snapped and walked towards Ruby, “Come on,” he said to her, making for the door.
“No, you don’t,” Cas disagreed and stroked Dean’s hair before gently pulling away, “Your father is in the back seat. Help me?”
“Alright!” Dean conceded, just as they broke through the line trees into a clearing by a lake, and Dean killed the engine. “Alright,” he said again, running a hand over his face, into his hair, all the way to his neck. Sam waited patiently, allowing his brother to gather his thoughts. “Look,” Dean began, before aborting the sentence and letting out a deep breath. And Sam waited. Abruptly, Dean threw open the door of the car and stepped outside, gesturing at Sam to follow him, and together they sat down on the hood of the car, just like old times, back when they’d been just kids, waiting for their dad to finish up the latest job.
“So,” Ben broke the tense silence that had followed, drawing out the word, “Do I have to be worried you’ll kill me in my sleep?”
A sound behind his back started him out of his thoughts, heavy footsteps approaching from where Jo had disappeared to and when Sam turned around, he saw Jody, her hair a mess and her shirt inside out.
“It’s all in the motivation.” Dean winked at her. “Anyway, I gotta call Cas.”
“Relax,” Dean chuckled and sat down at the table with Adam, “How’re you doing?” he asked.
“Dean!”
“Hell, yeah!” Ben exclaimed.
“Alright, you win, Vampires,” Dean answered, “What about the two missing persons?”
“Good morning, Dean,” Adam greeted him back and Dean noticed how he sat up a little bit straighter, his shoulders tense.
However, all the horror scenarios in the world, couldn’t have prepared Dean for what he was seeing when they reached a graveyard in the middle of nowhere. There was a crypt there, an old crypt, with heavy, wooden doors. And there was Sam, standing at the door, holding a gun in his hand.
“Sam, do you have any idea why you would have these visions?” Cas asked and Sam shook his head.
Dean saw Sam fighting against the force binding them, saw his lips moving and his eyes glaring daggers at the Demon but he didn’t hear the words. He felt sick and disorientated and angry. Angry with John because why the hell had he left in the first place and angry with Sam for having a chance at living a life away from all this and angry with Cas for risking his life for Dean. Again. But most of all, Dean was angry with himself. He should have known better than to let John go off to Lincoln all by himself. He should have been there.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, lips brushing his clammy forehead. Cas doesn’t answer; he’s probably already asleep. “I meant it too,” he whispers, arms tightening around Cas. A long moment passes, and in that moment, Dean sees that, yes, Cas
“No, no, friend, it just means someone put your information in already.” Garth begins tapping away at the keys of his keyboard. “You’re sure you’ve never been here before?” Garth asks, his hand darting from the keys to the mouse, his eyes still on the screen.
that there had been at least one more bottle when he’d looked earlier—then damn near jumps out of his skin when there’s the skittering of glass across the tabletop behind him.
“Where’s Cas?” Sam asks, and Dean’s face heats before he can stop it.
“Well, does anyone else want to give these two away?” he asks, and Bobby steps forward, along with Cas’ mother to offer their blessings. Bobby claps them both on the shoulder, and Cas’ mom kisses them both on the cheek.
“Dean, put that down,” Cas warns, voice already beginning to shake. It is too late. Dean’s eyes flick up to Cas’, and he stands angrily.
He’d been laying there, loving Cas and loving the warmth rolling off him and loving the way his insides were slowly thawing out at having Cas living and breathing right under him, but he’d fumbled his plan.
“Hey, Charlie,” he says, and she laughs a bit.
“Dean, I never even got to apolo—”
“Cas,” she cheers, her face buried in his shoulder. He doesn’t cry as he clutches her to him.
, before turning and locking eyes with the Judge.
“I wasn’t objectifying you,” he says flicking his eyes back up to Dean’s.
“She saw my play,” Cas says with a small smile.
he’s here. He stretches his arm out, the one with the flowers, and offers them to Dean.
“You’re right. Passing out on the couch is the best he can do.”
“Coffee please, and put a shot of something strong in it, if you don’t mind.”
“Hey, Cas, wanna go out?” Dean asks, stepping into the kitchen with his car keys in hand. Cas straightens and looks at Dean, takes in his faded canvas shirt and ragged old jeans and scuffed up boots. He looks like he just rolled out of 1990’s grunge factory. He looks beautiful.
, so exactly the same as the way Cas has always looked at him that he doesn’t know how he’d missed it before.
“I don’t know why you’re getting angry. I just think he might have feelings for you.”
“Oh,” Cas says, obvious relief in his voice. She laughs.
He’d stared blankly as Sam begged him not to open the door to the Empty, to let Cas fucking
“I should probably get going too,” Jessica says, reaching for her bag and standing. “My next class is all the way across campus. It was nice meeting you, Dean. Bye, Castiel. Bye, Sam,” she says, and offers Dean’s baby brother a shy smile before walking away.
, and he may be able to get through the day without wanting to crawl into a hole and die.
”I got it the first time,” Sam drawls, rolling his eyes. He holds his hand up and makes a blabbering motion, directed as an inside joke at Thunderbird, who doesn’t seem to get the implication, but once again nods politely either way. ”He likes to talk.”
Man, the way he
And, he must pass out after that.
, or even
When the discussion eventually fades out and it’s all just perfect bliss, Dean straightens up in his chair. ”So,” he says, putting his plate down on the table like a visible transition in the conversation. ”Who wants to celebrate with some Mickey D’s?”
Dean stares at his eyes, then drops to his dick in his hand, licks his lips.
, that’s all. ”I wasn’t going to.”
“They say money can’t buy you happiness. But I gotta say, sport, I’m pretty damn ecstatic about this house, this body. This life. Look around you, if you get a moment - oops, watch out there, superboy.” Dean ducks another blow and spits out blood. “It’s good up here at the top, isn’t it? Comfortable.”
Thunderbird suddenly jerks his head and fixes his eyes at a point behind Dean, yells his name, and Dean takes it as a que to look over his other shoulder.
He puts his phone away - after Sam tells him fine, but to promise to spare him from gross details - in favour of slinging his arm around Castiel. It feels so affectionate, such a raw emotion, and yet he can’t stop himself once he starts. He snuggles up against him and looks out over the room, eyelids heavy. It’s been a long time since he felt so calm.
”Let’s hope you got good insurance,” Dean mutters, feeling only a little shaken, ”asshole.”
Dean tangles his hands in his hair as he starts to figure out a pace, slowly first, almost painstakingly slow. Dean grips him harder, silently begging him to go faster, but his whiney noises might just communicate it well enough.
”Unless…” Cas starts, and Dean’s heart beats harder. ”You don’t
He sits down at the ledge like he had done, looking up at the man before him. His beauty, still, is nothing short of
Dean eventually pops the first few buttons on his shirt too. Just, not to be a prude. Then he rolls his sleeves up. Then he notices Cas has already beat him to it, which isn’t fair, because Dean is already daydreaming about his hands and his fingers how they could curl into him, and. This? Isn’t helpful.
It’s been a while since he was part of saving a life. It’s been a while since he ran into the press, too. Paps got the best of him in his early years and he ended up always bolting when he saw one approaching. Now though, he doesn’t feel mad about it.
about this! You know Cas is off-limits.”
, or something. Castiel had nodded thoughtfully while taking his phone back stiffly into his hands. He honestly still didn’t get it.
Dean might do him a solid and change that bulb for him. Better clean up the shards, at least. Whatever. That’s a project for tomorrow.
”Thanks. Now please, sir, take us both in your hand so we can get somewhere.”
”I’ll tell you when I figure it out myself,” Dean assures him grouchily.
-cough, which he’s still sure is bound to come, but he smiles against the brush of lips instead when no such interruption comes. After all, it’s been a few months of this; passed six of ‘em and aiming for many more.)
Thunderbird’s lead - as it apparently had been last time, seeing as it was the same guy’s very pointless and very abandoned warehouse - is some guy named Valkyr. He can’t seem to elaborate much more than saying the name, which was stated in a
”Huh.” Dean gets up to look over Sam’s shoulder, but it’s so much text his brain gets tired just looking at it. ”What else?”
If it was anyone else, Dean would happily let them know if they ever touched him again, he’d break their nose before they could say squat to stop him. He’s not in the mood for that now, though, not when the guy can push him against the wall with the almighty power of whatever-the-
crusades in favour of this jerkoff, he totally isn’t; he’s just questioning their standards a little bit, that’s all. (What’s the fun in tricking them into thinking a dude is somehow flying, in comparison to Dean stealthily climbing a 10-story building? Yeah, it ain’t
But he would try these another time.
a mental picture I wanted burned to my retinas today.”
Thunderbird stares at him in that way again, so that, for a moment, Dean almost gets shy. Okay, chill out, it’s just kinda been a while since he saw a man so handsome. Dean is just chaotically bisexual and it’s just been a while since he felt someone’s heat so close. (Someone who could strap him down and straddle him with the snap of his fingers, and oh good god, how he wants those large hands spreading his legs, how he wants that stubble to scrape the inside of his thighs…)
They hang up the call again after a moment, following how Sam confirms he found out the other businessmen who have been found dead were indeed related to men in the same line of work, way back in the day.
The man turns towards Dean one last time before he has time to leave the crime scene. ”Hey, police or ambulance never showed?”
”Maybe later. Maybe it would get us good press.”
Feeling a little spooked, he pouts. ”You know, we’re all freaks here, man,” he tries, ”dressing up like this and beating up bad guys. I pass no judgement whatever your style is, Mister Latex and Trenchcoat,” he adds in a mumble, trying to hit him where it hurts just to get any reaction at all. ”But if we’re gonna work together, we should learn to deal with each other.”
Dean agrees with Sam, suddenly. This song is a fucking
”Any more of you punks wanna try me?” Dean roars, pulling knives from his belt as his voice echoes around the room. ”I’ve got
Dean smiles, closes his eyes for a moment. ”In life.”
made out of angels.” Sam sighed, exasperated. ”And
And Cas Novak is easily spotted in the white shirt amongst the unappealing yellow, tucked into his dark, belted slacks and standing by one of the employees so that Dean just has to groan inwardly, because he
accuse Cas of dropping extra salt into the batter, at which Dean flicks an M&M into Sam’s face.
” Dean stutters in a breath when his hand wraps around him, thumb on the swollen head, surely
Castiel saves up on Thunderbird mojo for a potentially dangerous situation and joins Dean in stealthily climbing the fence before they walk in through the door, which stands unlocked. This could be seen as fantastic hospitality if they didn’t know better.
“Now,” Castiel sighs and leans back, and the urge to kiss him is so strong Dean could
Dean now makes a
”No flirting!” he bellowed. ”Don’t make me use these as nunchucks. And Sam, what the
, we went over this, but anyway. Okay. Okay, you know what, I’ve watched enough romantic comedies, we can fix this.”
do I beat up?”
”Maybe you should just hug it out,” Sam had started to suggest, but it was too late.
”I don’t see the point of considering this hypothetical future. I find enough comfort in your bedroom as it is currently.”
Dean didn’t use to think he wanted to live past 29.
, he just wants to kiss his neck. He wants to grind his hips filthily against his. He wants Cas’ unexplainable telekinesis bullshit to push him up against the wall and for him to fuck him hard against it until he’s sobbing his name while he’s coming into his hand.
Well, that. That certainly renders Castiel speechless.
(See the end of the chapter for
start to stir inside.)
“Right. It’s just about having a bright outlook on the future.” Sam shrugs half-heartedly, grinning faintly. “I think uh, it was just kind of a scam to get teenage girls to want to tie the knot instead of being
Dean can’t look at him. Still can’t. He rubs his cheek against his shoulder and breathes him in. ”I wanna suck you off.”
”I possess the power to shift molecules, to bind broken cells,” Thunderbird says suddenly. ”It’s been called to heal.”
He sits down on the ledge around the rooftop and brushes his palms over his thighs. He only picked this building because it doubled as a pizza place downstairs, so it utterly lacks anything interesting other than a staircase to the roof, next to a flower shop. (At least it does have this very lovely ledge to sit on.)
”Yucky place,” Dean points out, an attempt at gaining his attention.
”I do.”
Hell, he didn’t think he would survive it either, half the time.
”Why do I not smell the sweet aroma of freshly cut jackass yet?” Dean questions impatiently, catching up to walk alongside him.
A-million-and-one scenarios flash through Dean’s mind. The amount of positions… the amount of games, words, toys, techniques he’s stumbled upon...
not in his experience, so it’s a futile threat. But he once met a chick with black eyes who wanted to eat his heart out like Jeffrey Dahmer, and it gave him his nickname when she greeted his blade instead, which was a positive in the negative, and this would maybe be a more accepted threat. Dean doesn’t know how one becomes a demon, though, not even when tempted with how it could be used to annoy Sam. So maybe he’ll throw a white sheet over himself, say boo, and call it a day.
Cas nods solemnly, speaking to Dean. ”She looked especially appalled when the bag of avocados came up.”
”Uh,” Dean says intelligently, trying to shake off his thoughts. No point in getting too caught up in dreamland. Nothing good ever comes out of that. ”Jorgenson. Peter.”
“Yeah,” Dean chuckles, “I mean like.
”Huh.” Dean frowns, impressed. ”So that’s. Kinda awesome.”
He’s just a stupid, sexy motherfucker and he’s ruining his life. It’s not good for his well-being. Which in turn, can’t be good for the city.
”Well, I feel pretty convinced then,” Dean says as Cas brackets his arms on either side of him against the wall. Then one hand comes down to rub Dean in front of his tenting boxers and his head falls back with a moan.
But. So what. Right? Right. (Cough, cough.)
”I’ve wanted to do this for a while,” Castiel murmurs, and Dean is about to agree and call him cheesy or something, but he abruptly continues. ”Hold on.”
“You’re an ass,” Dean informs him in a groan and attacks him with a hard and intentious kiss.
too, but I have a strange sorta hunch you fulfill that criteria already.”
”Even after all we’ve been through? Don’t answer that.” Dean picks up a slice and sighs. He holds his breath then, hesitates. ”Do you think you can tell me your name now?”
Dean ignores him, wraps an arm protectively around the bleeding man on the floor, grinding out assurance after assurance while his heart pounds hard:
”It’s what you meant.”
“Revenge of the nerds,” Sam grins. He brushes ash off of Dean’s pant leg; its forest green colour has been splotched with dark red blood. ”Maybe you should be aware I’m the one patching you up, so you should think twice about insulting me.”
. Legal in the state, he said. The fact hits him like a ton of bricks in this moment. Because, ultimately, this means he
Maybe friendship is a good point to aim for after all. Maybe his efforts don’t all just go down the drain.
they may make.
He should probably consider the fact he could have
”Oh no,” he said out loud, dropping the phone onto the table in a state of panic.
”Yes you can,” he pipes in, confused, and Dean has to stop right as he’s about to pull away and sprint towards the building. ”It will take a moment to get there. Please be patient.”
. Nah! Like hell he is.
”Nobody ever asked about me before,” Castiel adds in a murmur, eyes downcast.
”No,” Dean sputtered, heat rising to his face like it did when he wasn’t sure what to say.
”Well as a matter of fact”, Dean starts in a mumble, speaking to the floor, ”I think I do a bit too much, Cas.”
that, smartass.”
, but maybe, maybe it’s all in his own (frankly, fucked-up) head it feels vaguely like a
The most astonishing thing happens when he looks up.
He slowly tilts his head up, scared for the next punch. ”And the guy we’re looking for…”
”And the remaining ones are for floor 1 to 21,” Cas states as Dean pulls back, staring affronted at the traitorous button. ”None of which I would assume work.”
”Hey, here we go,” Sam exclaims so suddenly Dean nearly falls off his seat. ”It’s a news article about Valkyr, dated November 1949. Wait a sec… Oh, shit.”
”Wealth doesn’t correlate one’s sense of organizing trends and patterns in an aesthetically pleasing way.” Castiel lets his eyes travel down Dean’s body, which appears to be for
, Dean doesn’t say.
Which he totally
”Hey, her name is Baby and she’s a queen!” Dean barks with an accusing finger pointed at him, which Cas just raises an eyebrow at, accompanied by a smirk.
”Shut up,” Dean suggests instead to feel like he won the argument for now. He flinches as Sam wraps a rag doused with alcohol around his leg. Sighing, he sinks miserably into the sofa. ”Why’d you have to find me that guy, Sammy? Look what it’s done to me.”
yeah, you keep on going, baby. Just like that.”
... in…
Apparently the abandoned warehouse splaying out in front of them belonged to a guy called
”I’ll heat that up for you,” Thunderbird says suddenly, and Dean wrenches his head to the side when he feels a surge of warmth brush past his slightly trembling thigh. Suddenly steam is welling up from inside the pizza carton he left earlier that night, the wafts of hot cheese and pepperoni making him want to
What if he just
”Oh, yeah. Thanks for noticing,” Dean supposes. ”Huh, would you look at that. Gay solidarity.”
or some other lame 80’s bop. And a better climate, but hey.”
Just as Dean sucks a breath of surprise, Cas kisses him, and kisses the air right out of his lungs.
”Howdy,” Dean says, in the voice he likes to make just a smitch darker as to conceal his true identity. The full body gear and the armor and the balaclava over his face might just do the trick but, hi, he’s a paranoid son of a bitch, so he still tries as he might.
- Dean saunters up quietly and sinks down into the chair. Unable to see Castiel where he stands somewhere behind him, he clenches his jaw in discontentment.
Dean. Not any other being bearing a male pronoun on Earth. Not Sam. Sorry, Sam,” he directed to the side but Sam vehemently waved him off, so he set his gaze upon Dean again. ”Sam is
Just admiring.
”Dean, are you sure when you called me
at you.”
Thunderbird tilts his head menacingly, apparently unphased by any tensions suddenly found in Dean’s body. The grip on him only seems to
”Nope.”
”Is this the same as
himself to feel. And he wanted to feel it; there was a constant war in his mind over emotions and rationality, over the secrets he’d yearn for.
Maybe they secretly didn’t want to be saved, then. And that realisation almost has him stumbling on his feet.
Dean can imagine that if Thunderbird showed even the slightest trace of human emotion, he’d be rolling his eyes. (He assumes he doesn’t even move a muscle.) ”What do you wish to know?”
He scrambled out of the room and towards the kitchen table where Sam sat pouring over a book.
”I had a crush on you here, honeybee,” he’ll shyly admit at one of the dozens of polaroids of them together, smiling fondly at Castiel Winchester’s awe where he’ll sit with his head on his shoulder, following where he points his attention to on the glossy pages.
Only Dean would never say it out loud. That’d be embarrassing. If he’s the world’s lousiest detective, then so be it, because he refuses to admit to this strange infatuation, thanks and goodnight.
”I’m asking
And suddenly he doesn’t know what to do. “Yes?”
”How many years of knowledge exactly, and you didn’t know this?”
Thunderbird seems concerned. Dean never wanted that happiness to fleet from his beautiful face. ”Some things I can’t explain to you, but that house had writing on it invisible to your eyes. A shield of sorts. It weakened me significantly, and as it turned out, I was drained temporarily of power when we were harmed.”
to return to. Unconditionally. You get my drift?”
suggest we annull this before it even has been written and that we merely become—”
He makes sure to scan his face, makes sure he’s not overstepping. If he changes his mind, Dean will instantly walk away.
Thunderbird makes him
”I thought it was right,” Castiel says blankly with a furrow between his bright blue eyes. ”You don’t like this?”
But Castiel just tilts the Stetson hat in greeting, voice raspy and rough.
” He shakes his head in confusion, as if to erase his thoughts and try again. ”You- where? When? In the bath and hit your head or what do you
Dean can’t take it. He
And, at first, he doesn’t notice as their breaths start to come out as
He has to draw a breath to sober himself up.
are you going to go to bed?”
Dean clenches his jaw as he watches the man’s hand get bent unnaturally, hears the bones as they break. A scream of horrid pain bounces around the cement walls.
”That won’t do,” Thunderbird retorts gravelly, frowning as he scans the brick wall ahead. ”This is… highly complicated.”
He knows Cas’ morning voice is going to be its usual raspy and- ”Morning, slut.”
”I’m sorry for this inconvenience,” Thunderbird continues, and Dean is still just trying to wake up and wrap his head around the situation. ”I would fly to your home but I believe this is a questionable breach of security.”
Neither, unsurprisingly, does the elevator.
”Yeah, yeah. You’re a geek and you’re proud.” Sam pokes him in the side and Dean flinches involuntarily. ”Oi! Tickles are off limits!”
Sam was busy burying his face in his hands. ”Oh, sweet baby Jesus.”
Dean just wants someone to stick around for once.
He healed him. He
He holds up his gloved hand and wiggles his fingers for emphasis.
”What the hell?” Dean wheezes under his breath, heat creeping into his face, mind spinning, heart pounding.
”Well,” Dean mutters, ”I’ve felt pretty lucky lately, if you ask me.” He doesn’t elaborate. ”Uh, but I was never one for wishing and praying and stuff like that, anyways. So I guess you’re onto something there.”
“G’night…”
Dean roars in panic and starts forward, but a voice is heard from where the staircases meet the upper floor.
He’s scared, to be honest. A little too close to terrified. He cares so damn much about Castiel now, and goddamn it, he should have never allowed himself to get so close, he should have never allowed himself to feel. Because now the nagging thought of
me,” Dean mutters. He winces at the sight of the wound and the burns. ”Son of a bitch.”
by looking at
It’s all only to realise, the man is slowly tilting his head away - never meant to pause, never meant to stop Dean’s world - and, looking up at the moving text on the display, he’s rising. He stands. It’s his stop. And he.
Eyes downcast, the man across fiddles with the loose piece of plaster around his finger, hunched in the seat like he’s trying not to be seen. He’s in a midnight blue suit, ironed neatly, and Dean allows himself to be mesmerized. He’s too groggy (after 3 hours of sleep and equal amounts of coffee cups) to care what he looks like doing it; the man is an anomaly in the fluorescent lights, mismatched from the normalities, and once Dean is looking, he can’t deny he stares.
Sam pops the M&M ammunition into his mouth and eats it.
ringing in his head currently as he goes walking up to the little stand of birthday cards and other shit. His eyes widen at a card with a big heart on and puts it away promptly. But it’s too late and suddenly all he can focus on are the bouquets of roses, pink or red. All he can think about is telling Cas how much he means to him.
”Randy Slade?” Dean questions to receive a smirk in reply. But this doesn’t make
in that box, as if he’d have forgotten, as if this is just a
”Okay,” Dean confirms quietly, beckoning him to please continue. There’s been a lot of info to take in the past few weeks. It’s just another piece of a bigass puzzle. ”Does Lucifer ring a bell? Buddy of yours?”
“You’re with me, Dean,” Castiel says and wets his lips, having Dean staring transfixed at him, only to be stared back at exactly the same. “I’m going to tie your hands now.”
”And three,” Dean goes on, ”I want to wake up tomorrow and make us some coffee. And you’re gonna think I look hot as fuck in my boxers and T-shirt being all housewifey and shit in your kitchen, and then we’re gonna fuck on the counter. Does that sound good to you?”
”Maybe I can see how well your mouth works. You have such pretty lips.” Cas pops the button on Dean’s slacks and he could fucking
Dean rolls his eyes and smiles. ”You know, we talked 20 minutes ago, and somehow I already missed you and your quirky weirdness. What did you want to discuss anyway?”
He breaks the gaze and happily grabs his knife and fork to dig into the sugary goodness.
is what he means to discuss.
“That’s okay.”
Dean wets his lips, lets them fall open and then stay that way. He forgot he even made that joke. And it was. A
His hand curls around his thigh and Cas draws a sharp breath, the sound going straight to his own dick. Goddammit, is he really so sleep deprived and overheated this makes total sense right now? His brain must have melted. It’s his
”So. Uh. You’re my guardian angel?”
But oh, it’s crashing into bed that sounds the most irresistible right now. Like, snuggling under warm sheets… yeah, that’s some sweet heavenly bliss. Dean rubs his eyes vigorously and tries not to think of
Castiel still looks at him like he can read him from the inside out. Dean is so very uncomfortable with showing his frayed edges, his vulnerability. He wants to pretend it all doesn't exist.
Dean wrote.
again.”
. ”Crash here, I guess?”
Dean looks up to see Castiel circle a chair, and, raising his hands, it scrapes with a muffled sound across the carpeted floor until he’s moved it into the middle of the room. (That’s— surely one way to use angelic powers, to be fair. It’s just very Big Dick Energy kind of move that makes Dean just stand and blink as his mind wanders to more sacrilegious thoughts.)
”So, Valkyr was the right lead all along? Huh.” Sam frowns. ”And Thunderbird said it was happening like before?”
When he walks through the door of their apartment after one fairly easy solo mission and kicks his snow-covered boots off, he doesn’t expect Sam to pop confetti into his face. Blinking, he also doesn’t expect his eyes to come back into focus on Castiel, holding a very terrible homemade
person. Big, green eyes like a deer in headlights, mouth falling open a bit. Castiel, in turn, stops wiping his hands off with a rag and squints at him.
It’s not that simple. “I must be dreaming,” Dean mumbles on, drunk on the touch of Castiel, his hands resting on his shoulders and his toned legs bracing his waist, the way his knees brush below his jacket. ”Seriously, where
Then they lay there in their soft cocoon, breathing gently and sharing warmth.
Basically, if he tried to keep it in the friendzone before this, it’s a power of will that’s currently leaving straight out the window. But? He shouldn’t be turned on by dressing up. He knows this. Only by dressing down, because that’s logical, that makes
him anymore when he calls him that. And this fact pains him deeply.
Cas is... the only exception, to be fucking poetic. And to quote Paramore. Not that he listens to it. Totally doesn’t, dude, get a grip. Moving on...
Cas suddenly puts his hand over Dean’s and guides him to rub properly down his front, and Dean thinks he gasps louder than Cas does. His fingers rub down the length of him, straining against the front, and Dean just wants to dig his hand inside and feel him for real.
are you?”
”Go on,” Cas murmurs against his neck instead, and Dean already
He licks his palm before sliding it over Cas’ dick, mouth hanging open in anticipation as he pumps down his length. He knows from perfect experience how hot and wet and
Dean is so stunned, he just sits up and grabs his face and kisses him, kisses him hard and sincere, and nothing even hurts. He doesn’t know how to say thank you. He hopes he conveys it well enough with the way he pours every ounce of emotion into the brush of their lips.
He stares at the man in front of him. This strong, amazing, heroic badass motherfucker with the softest heart and strangest little mind. He holds his hands tighter. “You want to
”I said you were wrong, Dean.”
and all, when clearly I’ve interrupted something very
Okay but as a real end note I feel like these are my weird kids and I enjoyed writing this So Much and I hope you enjoyed reading too! I realize I want to (not really) apologize on behalf of my weird brain going full on obscure reference mode because it’s like my favourite weird trait about Dean. If you reacted with Cas’ confusion, I guess my job here is done.<3 very sorry<3
”That’s not what I mean, baby,” Dean murmurs softly and Castiel’s eyes seem to light up. ”In life in general. Not just in our secret nighttime one. If I can help at all, hell, just call me. Like I said, I owe you that much, Feathers. You helped me countless times already.” He nods when Castiel looks up at him questioningly. ”And yeah, I really mean that. I’ll drop everything, to hell with what I’m doing. You know, I
Either fucking way, at least he can
And down the drain go the plans of not getting flustered as Dean imagines Castiel back in his bedroom, doing more sacreligious things in each others’ company. Trying everything. The bed, for one. That’s a given they kind of missed.
, let’s do it together. Just take us both in your hand. Try.”
”Please.”
”I lowered your cholesterol too,” Castiel informs him when Dean can’t find the words to speak, hand still hot, placed over his heart. ”I know you like the pizzas here so I believe it’s in both of our interests you eat as many more as your heart desires.”
He looks up again to greet Sam with less of a dubious smile. ”What are you doing out here?”
911 always works, he realises, whether you have a connection or not.
and had promptly given him
”Sure thing, you very vile abomination,” Dean confirms enthusiastically, finger-gunning him. ”How about you, stardust? Care to join his sinning?”
Thunderbird, somehow, someway, looks almost fondly at Dean. ”I agree. I guess I’ve grown to enjoy listening.”
Dean swallows, imagines yet again his teeth and tongue against his skin. The way he’d look at him with that ruggedly handsome expression. Imagines the way he could use those powers for much more pleasurable events than redecorating a goddamn motel room. (With great angel power comes great angel responsibility.)
. “I only wonder, Dean... wouldn’t it be nice?”
And Siri wrote: ”Dean, I love him.”
”Time,” Dean continues quoting vehemently, slowly fake-collapsing against the wall, ”to
,” Sam sighs in desperate exasperation.
But Thunderbird calmly walks up, and gently puts two fingers against the man’s glistening forehead.
. But one of the two is not like the other. One of the two, precisely the first, happens so rarely it makes Dean breathe a deep, content sigh at the realisation alone.
“Fuck,” Dean musters, head lolling forward to look Castiel in the eyes. It’s a bad decision, as it goes, because it just drives him closer to the point of spontaneously coming. “I don’t know. I don’t
. Not just literally. But he also kind of needs to get out of more of these clothes or he might spontaneously combust.
rambling.
. Maybe he’d recognize that adorably messy ruffle anywhere.
“Why do they wish they were older?” Castiel asks, a thoughtful expression on his face. “Are there not several songs expressing a wish for the opposite?”
”I understand. Perhaps some arrangements can be made.” Castiel grins; sometimes Dean wonders if he teases him on purpose.
He takes the ring with shaking hands - calloused and bruised and now adorned with a stunning silver ring - and he takes every burden from off his shoulders when they kiss to seal the deal.
who was mad at
He feels his dick twitch where it’s strapped an inch from Castiel’s thigh he so badly wants to rut against, and and hopes to god he can resist whimpering (but as it turns out he’s just about ready to start
