between them.
No, he knows a good offense is best. Luckily he is good at those.
“No one..? Jesus Christ. You know what? Fuck you. Fuck the lot of you.”
(though he does wonder about that last one). From what he can tell, they’re enjoying the sunshine with a good, rowdy rough-and-tumble, and he can’t see what’s got Sherlock’s goat.
, despite his own stern blandishments to himself in the dark), and they are both still and satisfied and
“It...it could be. It really could, you know. Um. It doesn’t always have to be clever, you know.”
“John.” Sherlock gazes at John for a long moment. “That was...that was a gift, John. You gave me a gift, letting me see you like that, taking that, that risk. For me. Only for me.” She startles then, stammers out, “At least, I think only for...I didn’t mean, you can, I have no claim on—” But John stops her with a kiss.
, it filled his senses, salty and slippery. He never stopped to think
“—and three dozen shirts with extra-reinforced buttons.”
Right, and also staggering, and also—as they gasped apart at the intense shock of arousal—unspeakably
John risked a glance at the older man and immediately wished he hadn’t. If anyone were ever to include the term
He has delivered his confession of love for Sherlock, has dropped it with a heavy
This was the final element, the one he composed with impossible care, painstakingly slowly, over
He blinks as he hears the truth of his own words. He couldn’t have said that when he was nineteen -
He waited. For a beat or two, nothing much happened. Sherlock, head still down, closed his eyes and kept them closed. His chest rose and fell in two long breaths. On the third inhale, though, Sherlock looked up.
was his beautiful, devastating mouth, lips wet and parted with the trembling rush of his breath.
When he does, his words also go deep. “John. I’ve always been here.”
“Time for bed. Sherlock.
Sherlock turns, then, rolls over in his arms to face him. It dislodges his hand from Sherlock’s erection but it is worth it to see his open, shining face. “Yes, John. Yes, all of it.”
"...beautiful."
At this, though, John stilled, the hand around Sherlock’s cock just gripping steadily, the fingers up his arse no longer twisting and thrusting, just barely stroking, as John regarded him steadily. His eyes were still dark, but narrowed.
John’s foot on the floor gave her leverage and control, allowing her to thrust and press at will, and to chase down the contact she needed. Her orgasm built quickly. Not surprising, given how long she’d held herself back. She could feel it beginning to expand in her belly.
It was shocking for John as well but he wanted it, he
around her head
without breaking contact, nipping with lips and teeth, not biting but
. Sherlock could see the kiss coming and couldn’t even think anything as coherent as
), and every time the pressure on his erection was removed, he got soft. She was in her bra and knickers when she went to take his trousers off, and of course pants don’t actually hide anything...also, she was a doctor.
He kissed him; his body was beautiful and real and
Sherlock huffed, annoyed. “Fine,” he grumped. “A
This was John,
what she was going for yesterday. That was…”
but John could feel them all along his body as he breathed there and the awareness stalled him for a bit:
Sherlock does, unbuttoning her blouse, unzipping her skirt, and laying her clothes neatly over the chair before unhooking her bra and stepping out of her knickers. She climbs onto the bed and settles on her left side, resting her right arm on the rise of her hip. Not touching.
“Balance of probability.”
“Oh, oh, oh, yes, John, yes, oh, just – not too hard, but just pinch, just a little pinch – ”
tried to pretend there was nothing, or that it was no big deal, or that she was satisfied, really, with the way things are, and Sherlock—so pliant and accommodating in bed—was relentless and laser-focused and would not allow John to steer the conversation by even one degree. Getting progressively more distraught as the talk went on.
– can I ask what the problem was? With my penis, in your mind?”
“Mmmm.” But in spite of her languor, she could feel tiny darts of pleasure rippling through her, little silvery minnows flitting, nipple to clit. “Oh.” The little fishes leapt. “
“I want you too.”
difference you think it would have made. To me. Or to you. Or whatever you like. Since you seem to think it's important.”
“Well. Start with this: Who do you want to be?”
Sherlock’s
“Tell me about it.”
“What I show?” John frowns, but his eyes are open now.
John, there was nothing,
A series of permissions had brought them to this point. John always stopped before their lips could meet for the first time. He had reached up and seized Sherlock by the sides of his head and brought their foreheads together, tilting his chin until their lips were almost brushing, and whispered, simply,
, and then leaned in and kissed him.
“I don’t know.”
After several long minutes, John blinks out of his reverie and looks at Sherlock with something like horror. Sherlock prepares himself to deal with the next wrong conclusion, then next evidence that John has not understood him at all.
Her shoulders are a little cramped, though, now that she has come back to herself a little. She shifts, and Sherlock shifts with her, nudging little kisses onto the skin of her neck, into her hair. She helps John roll onto her back again, and lifts herself up on her elbow to gaze down at her.
“You haven’t even looked at them.”
, and in the moment, and perfectly attuned to one another’s bodies. Sherlock’s body was alive with arousal, riding high on the series of orgasms John had delivered her (hands, mouth, fingers, tongue) and her senses were keen now, keyed up and ready to touch and taste and pleasure John.
Just then, though, he opened his eyes, and got a full view. Clara, her yellow hair an impossible tangle, her back arched above him, riding his cock with one hand between her legs and the other rolling and pinching her nipple, cresting the wave of another orgasm. Her head was thrown back and her mouth was open and no matter the rights or wrongs of it, she was, in that moment,
sentiment at that.”
“Are you...all right?”
Growing wilder now, Sherlock throws his head even further back, the better to swallow down John’s cock, so that the unbroken line of his spare body seems to go on forever. His hands grasp and pull erratically at John’s hips, begging him to thrust deeper, faster, harder.
and kissed him. They did that now. This was what John wanted now on top of the “everything else” that he said they already had.
that, having a partner quivering in or under her hands, loved it even more with a woman than a man, and never more than now, with Sherlock, whose pleasure could thrum and vibrate so that John was sure that if only she could pick up the right frequency, there would be music to her arousal, a high, pure, rising note vibrating in the play of tension and release in her finely drawn body…
And so it did. “John,” Sherlock whispered, as she moved and thrust. “John, this is – ”
So that when John was poised above him with a flushed and leaky cock hovering within breathing distance of his eager mouth, Sherlock had already gasped out,
“Good. Then take a few minutes to get comfortable.”
Sherlock doesn't speak. Nevertheless, it is clear what he is asking for.
“It’s not, it’s not all right. Why should we—the fucking nerve. Of course I’ll give it to you. I’ll give you anything you want.”
with her tongue, and sucked, and sucked, and
, Sherlock thinks distinctly, surprising himself. Again, sweet.
John is not accustomed to being touched, or to touching.
“I love you.” That is how he starts, the soles of his feet pressed together. “I am in love with you. I came here to tell you once before, when you were dead and couldn’t hear me, and I couldn’t say it. I sat right here, just like this. For hours, and couldn’t say it to an empty chair. The next day was when I moved out.”
James looked at him then, ready to laugh. When John only lifted his face and gazed back at him, the smile faded from his eyes.
He’d been so sure that everything had changed. “I thought you wanted -”
“You don’t want to be thinking it. You never wanted to think it.”
Immediately, Sherlock goes still in his arms. There is nothing to dislodge him from where his face lies buried in unruly curls, so he stays there. Arms tight around Sherlock’s body, breathing deep into his neck.
“I will
It was Sherlock’s turn to flinch. (They were not quite touching.) “I thought I saw…”
John closed his eyes.
He shook his head. Blinked, blinked again, to see if the horror before him had perhaps morphed into something conceivable…but no.
Because sometimes people do take off their shoes, for all sorts of reasons, and John probably doesn’t know how much his little naked feet are telling Sherlock right now. (So much that it might as well be nothing.)
, he thought dimly, driving his tongue into her mouth in short, hard thrusts.
, damnit, in his
It is buried, but it is clear.
“No,” he decided, “I wouldn’t.”
him, he’s not as athletic as he once was – has been over for several minutes, but he hasn’t lapsed into oversensitivity as he often does, and Sherlock is taking advantage of the rare opportunity to lavish languid attention on John’s soft penis. John is submitting to the attention with good grace, but he’s getting sleepy, and eventually he shifts his hips.
that I’m the one who’s had you.”
the way to give John what he wanted but still stay hidden.
John nodded curtly. He straightened his shoulders, and winced.
brilliant—”
And here is John, and John is suddenly out of all control, wailing and moaning under Sherlock’s hands, shifting her shoulders left and right, unashamedly seeking the touches she wants, and letting the sheer pleasure of it all wash over her and all through her, deep into her belly and out through her fingertips.
She has never been this wanton with any lover, would always have turned the tables long since, but her hands are immobilized, she can’t, she
“And this…”
. The size of it, the weight, the way it is rising under Sherlock’s hand and managing to stand straight upward despite the considerable pull of gravity on its impressive heft.
“I wasn’t sure you would want—”
“Logical. They wrote that for you too. You know when logic isn’t doing the job but you cling to it anyway.”
“Three repetitions? Really? This isn’t like you, Sherlock. You heard me. I. Want. You. Full stop. So you can stop pretending you were only pausing before finishing your sentence because this has been going on long enough and why should I wait for you to say it when I’ve been thinking it at full volume for ages? So if you do, in fact, want me as well, and you don’t just have some other idiotic task for me that you’re perfectly capable of doing yourself, then, I don’t know, blink twice and I’ll come over there.”
“They just want what’s best for you, Johnny.”
—but John’s grip was suddenly gentle, his hands still strong but now soft somehow as well, and his strokes were not fast or furious but quiet and firm, and the snap of his hips became a long, slow roll, and he carried Sherlock over that final precipice with warm kisses pressed to his leg and smooth caresses on his body, and the breaths of his whispered name across his skin.
And about as far opposite as it was possible to get from what John actually deserved. He jerked back. “No, I—Sherlock, you can’t, you can’t mean, you can’t…”
Sherlock’s voice was carefully neutral. “She’s trying to write a story again.”
John let his hands continue their smooth slide down Sherlock’s back to dig his fingers into the firm flesh of his arse. At last he kissed down from Sherlock’s beautiful mouth to nip at his neck, to taste the thin skin there, to burrow under his ear and breathe in the smell of him. At last he pressed his body forward to feel, with his own chest, the flexing, solid resistance of Sherlock’s ribcage. At last he did not merely accept the push of Sherlock’s thigh against his groin, but ground down on it with a good will, groaning out his arousal.
that giggle, he does now. “And now he’s laughing at me. That’s gratitude for you. Honestly, little penis, the man has no manners at all.” And he kisses the drooping head of John’s long-since-flaccid cock.
be the finish.
Sherlock takes a reeling, desperate breath and opens his eyes, gasping.
Sherlock met the arch of her body with a firmer touch and a deeper kiss. Lying on her side, she slid an arm behind John’s neck and drew her close, so that Sherlock could curl her other hand over John’s shoulder and pluck at her flushed breasts, both at once.
His body arches and bucks itself half off the bed under the ministrations of John’s fingers on his nipples and John’s cock in his mouth, his feet planted and his hips rutting against the air, seeking contact for his leaking erection. One more twist of fingers, and his whole body rises off the bed, from feet to shoulders. With a growl, he drives his mouth all the way down John’s cock.
“John.”
John was trying. He drew a steadying breath. His eyes opened, flicked to Sherlock’s, closed again. “If you’re going to take it away again. To change your - I can’t have this and lose it, Sherlock. Not this.”
“Do kindly stop repeating everything I say. Obviously you feel it would have made some difference if I’d known – or perhaps if you’d known I didn’t know. Which one is it?" Rapid-fire talk, sarcasm sparking with every gesture, every eye roll. John has always been vulnerable to this kind of attack, and Sherlock deploys it without mercy. "Well? Something you would have done differently? Or do you think the information would have altered anything for me? I am lacking sufficient data to deduce what
And no way to narrow it down, not without a look at John’s shoes.
was where the danger lay. This could become very troubling,
with a lover was, for her, unimaginable—and indeed, she could not conceive of ever offering this to anyone else. Had never come close, with anyone else.
John has said,
Sherlock’s smile hasn’t gone anywhere. “We don’t have to be finished, if you want to keep going…?”
John did, John let him. He let his hips be stilled, he let his desire build, he let Sherlock touch his cock and kiss his chest and suck his collarbone. He let his whole body go lax and pliant under Sherlock’s hands, so that when Sherlock unbuckled his belt and undid his zip and reverently laid open the plackets of his trousers, he gave himself over completely to the sensations.
He can hear the flatness of his own tone when he says, “Come here, John.”
Sherlock wasn’t asking, but John was going to do it anyway. Sherlock steeled himself for the breach, for the pressure, for the pain. For the exposure. He had wanted this, had wanted John to
” It came out as a wail and Sherlock did nothing to stop it. Sherlock would
Sherlock spoke quietly. “Whatever you want, John. I want...I want it all. We can stop—”
Meanwhile his fingers (his hand having lifted of its own accord from the back of Sherlock’s chair) wound into the curls at Sherlock’s neck and yes, they were as warm as he had hoped, and growing damp. If he gripped, if he pulled, that throat would stretch out and the velvet-and-silk mouth would open wider.
“Then
“Yeah, but…”
“Not even a casefic?”
“Hey. Hey, Sherlock.” John is looking more worried now. He has risen from his chair, and come to kneel beside Sherlock where he lies on the sofa. John’s hand is warm on his shoulder, but Sherlock only looks at him with wild, darting eyes. “Sherlock. What is it?”
that?”
with her tongue and going rigid with her own climax, and John’s cries came wild and loud and high, for several long seconds - ringing and triumphant, and she usually so silent - a howl that crumbled into ragged, gasping breaths,
you want me?” There. A reason for his hesitation. “I’d understand if—”
Ah. Not just because he was a doctor, then. “What should I say?”
Sherlock has John’s mouth open under his, is breathing in John’s voice. He sets his hand down deliberately on John’s shoulder, then John’s hip, pressing his hand, step by step, down John’s body, until he wraps it carefully around John’s bare foot, John’s first offering.
“Obviously you don’t, you don’t know anything more about this than I do, or you wouldn’t have started spouting bullshit to cover it up.
“Sherlock,” John cut in urgently. “Don’t ask!”
John, of the boundlessly gentle hands, of the touches, sweet, tentative, that care and
Sherlock wanted every one of those sensations, and every sentiment they wrung from him.
As soon as he began to settle, though, the humiliation began to filter through, and he groaned again, mortified now, and made a move to disentangle himself from Sherlock’s chair—but Sherlock held him fast.
“Lovely,” Sherlock murmurs. “I never—this is so good, John. I love this. I love this.”
John would stop, poised, his teeth barely touching Sherlock’s neck, his fingers not quite brushing Sherlock’s nipples, his hot, wet breath washing over Sherlock’s hard, aching cock, and
push Sherlock away, make him leave, so instead he stood there, and accepted his kisses and the caresses of his hands, caring, cradling, until he felt so...so precious that he forgot to hate himself.
, was that the doctor in him?—because it didn’t mean anything either way.
This was not the solution, this was
He can feel his heart thundering in his ears.
Mary smiled at him archly from her nest of pillows. “Are you getting in, then?”
“I, ah, don’t think you enjoyed that very much.” He said it as he plugged the kettle in. His back was turned to Sherlock.
John is still silent. Sherlock is getting angrier by the second. “Nothing to say? No, I suppose you’ve said enough already. But tell me, John, now that you’ve
He tells himself he does not think of John’s socked feet resting on the edge of his armchair, the wrinkles in them as the toes curled and wriggled beside his leg. That was an anomaly. He still does not dare even to glance at the deductions that came from John’s warm feet in socks, so close. John always wears shoes, has always worn shoes in Baker Street; not Before, but always Since. (It is just as well, since they tell him so much about what John tries to keep hidden.)
bloody intractable. I didn’t agree to this.”
him, it would be almost as if John cared
“What?”
want it. He always wanted it.
“I thought...I thought you had a reason.”
“That they work in mysterious ways their wonders to perform.”
“Fine.” Sherlock smiled again, and settled John’s hips more comfortably across his own. “But I want…”
. He knew that he could stroke her now, breast and belly, up into her hair, but that he should wait a bit before he felt between her legs. He knew that he should kiss her neck and her face, and that the breathy sounds she was making were...good.
, not too hard, Sherlock’s orgasm swelled and pulsed, and she writhed up into John’s mouth.
“Perhaps you enjoy meaningless sex with any stranger who happens by,
sounds. The other sounds that get to John, the
John’s feet are
Sherlock thinks distantly that on the next breath he will speak, he will be ready, but the next breath comes and goes and he doesn’t, he isn’t. The warmth of John’s leg presses against his temple and the weight of John’s hand rests in his hair.
He was driving John mad, regardless, and it was getting harder and harder not to react.
And with a jerk of his head, he broke the man’s nose.
“It was fine when I thought it had a point, you know? It was hurting us, okay, but it had to happen. They had to...lay it all out for everyone watching, make it clear who we really are and where we went wrong and what we need to be...to be right again. So that everyone would want us to have it, yeah? So they’d stay with us to see it through. That’s what I thought was going on. But now...you said,
That John, with his knees spread wide, his arse in the air and his anus loose, was not the one who would be exposed here.
Sherlock gives a slow nod. He cannot take his eyes off John. When John does meet his gaze, he can feel his body trembling.
, and is now glaring at Sherlock as though daring him to say anything – or forbidding him. One or the other.
John’s hips began to move, faster than Sherlock’s squeezing hands, chasing the sensation, complementing Sherlock’s movement and meeting her on every pass. She could already feel the sensation building with every long slide, but Sherlock wasn’t done.
John gazed back with fathomless blue eyes, a hand on his own stiff prick. “Tell me you want this.”
“What?”
Sherlock didn't answer right away. “I suppose. If.”
Suddenly just so... possible. Because Sherlock was allowing it, was accepting it, was revelling in it.
When next they take a steady breath together, there is John.
“John, I—I want you…” And then a long pause. Long enough that he could think,
“Yeah. ‘Oh.’ If you want, I mean. I don’t…”
, Sherlock thinks.
Just exactly what it was that Sherlock wanted became achingly apparent, because when he kissed John again, the urgency had transformed into a kind of intense tenderness. He took John’s face in his two hands, thumbs on his cheekbones and long fingers curled around his jaw, just brushing the delicate skin of his neck. He kissed him.
But he has never imbued specific sex acts with much importance and has been content to wait until John opened up of his own accord.
“Oh, there’s one more tab here. ‘Five Tips to Losing Your Anal Virginity’? Would have thought one ‘tip’ would do…”
They kissed. They kissed and kissed, and John
Sherlock is silent for a beat. Then he takes the hand John has pressed against his chest and moves it down his torso. With a gasp, John catches his intent just as he settles John’s hand down on the front of his trousers. His, um, position is quite clear.
This needed to be salvaged.
If he could just stay focused this could go very well indeed…
"I am sorry, Sherlock. For everything. We don't...we don't have to talk about this again. I probably shouldn't have..." A final sigh. "Goodbye."
A moment later, he has his answer, because of John’s
It is not Sherlock’s hand that touches her, it is Sherlock’s cheek, coming in close to John’s face and brushing along her jaw, as her nose burrows into John’s long hair, and her mouth comes to rest by John’s ear. Sweet and intimate.
“What?” Lestrade looked from Sherlock to John, and back again.
At the stronger slide of fingers, Sherlock gasped. He managed a nod.
, John could come back, back into herself, and not be left to fly away. Because Sherlock was there, who would always bring her back again.
(It’s wonderful.)
The words came slow, this time. If they hadn’t, perhaps John would have gone on resisting.
When he discovered everything he hadn’t known about Mary, he felt all at once like her handprints were on his body, from every time she’d ever touched him, marking him. It was a long time before he allowed that someone – Sherlock – might be able to rub them away, those marks, or overwrite them.
of lips pressing down on the swollen flesh.  John pressed back, letting Sherlock’s hands rock her. Sherlock worked her tongue and lips and even – John thought – chin deep into John’s folds, thrashing her head from side to side, spreading the sensation over a wide area but always passing over and over the nub where the feelings were most intense.
“What is it, then?”
The outrage is simmering coldly under his sternum. Nothing shows on his face, but each step down the hall towards his own bedroom sends a jolt through his whole body, pounding in the rhythm of his outrage,
and then fingers close again on her nipple and all the pleasure coalesces in her belly before flying apart in all directions, supernova.
, from both of them, and perhaps Mary’s was even sincere, who knew? And then the requisite
, does that make sense? And maybe the only real part of me I have left. So, no. Not terrible.” He meets Sherlock’s eyes now, unflinching. “I love you, and I’m sorry for, for a lot of things. Really, um. Really sorry.” He winces, gives a wry, mirthless laugh. “But not for that. It’s not terrible, and I don’t have to be angry to say it.” He blinks, and Sherlock thinks he has run himself out at last, but then he says, “There. And here, again: I love you. I am in love with you.”
. She liked the sloppy slurps and the open-mouthed kisses, and long, broad licks the pressed and dragged.
He plays for time. “‘Finish this.’” It is idiotic to simply parrot John’s own words, but he can hardly even manage to hint at a question mark after the words without showing John how lost he is.
The doubts just would not be silenced. Sherlock was kissing him, Sherlock was
Of course John doesn’t know. He doesn’t know because Sherlock hasn’t told him. Has, in fact, done everything possible to avoid telling him, to prevent him from having the slightest inkling. And because of that, here is John, lost. And for that Sherlock is...
“There you are, then.”
“My idiot genius. Of course only for you. The idea of, of submitting to someone else like that? Of placing myself under someone else’s, in someone else’s hands? Someone else’s care? Do you think anyone else would have the first idea what to do with me?” She kisses her again. “Of course only you. I—I love you.”
He puts his lessons to good use with John, and he is glad at how thoroughly he has learned them. If he were to fling himself at John and be – not rejected, John would be scrupulously  kind about it – rebuffed, however gently, he does not think he could bear it.
eyes. John, who still (it seems) does not know what Sherlock is thinking. What Sherlock
Sherlock looks at him, and then away. It is utterly inadvisable to look at him, or, god forbid, to speak. It is insanity to prolong this for even one more second. Self-destructive. He asks anyway. “You’d what, John?”
“I want to know who I am. Simple, right? Hah.”
Afterwards, they lie together, letting their heart rates slow and their breathing steady. Sherlock lays his head on John’s chest and trails his fingers up and down his body. Completely at ease at last. It is several minutes before either of them speaks.
“Fuck.
He is too bewildered to notice when John finally heaves a long, drawn out sigh, and reaches for his shoes. Too perplexed by his own shifting thoughts to observe the precise tension of the laces, the neat bows, left, right. Too adrift to catch the last, wistful look that John levels at him before his shoulders slump in defeat and he rises, nods once, and heads towards the door.
Sherlock’s long fingers trailed over John’s skin as they lay in their lassitude, up her hip and lightly over her belly, circling her navel before trickling up between her breasts. Down, and a loop around the breast; Up, and a spiralling touch that made its ticklish way to the tip of John’s nipple.
Another grind of his hips. “No more fingers. I want your cock.” And then, as John’s eyes went dark and intent, he raised his head. Spoke distinctly. “John. Now.
and delighting in not knowing what John was going to make him ask for next.
“Untuck my shirt.” He wanted that touch, suddenly and maddeningly. John was withholding it, and Sherlock wanted it. “
“But—but
“Friendly.”
Oh, there it was. That was it, that was it precisely: In the privacy of his own mind, Sherlock quaked and quivered and
For him to ask? He had asked.
How long has John been in love with him? How many things would be different if Sherlock had known? And John didn’t tell him, and John thinks it wouldn’t have made a difference at all, and John – who knows him best of anyone and best of all – knows
John is beside herself now, no longer able to identify the individual sensations as Sherlock doles them out. The light, stroking touches give way to firmer ones, and John has long since uncrossed her legs, but at a hard press of hand or wrist—which?—she mindlessly closes them again, crossing her ankles and squeezing her thighs, and rutting hard, exerting herself, sweating and shouting, chasing her pleasure, while Sherlock sucks on her ear and utters words which go almost unheard,
“Yeah. Yes. Yes, John, please.”
Sherlock’s breath came out in a soft sigh.
Now John teased her fingers along both sides of Sherlock’s ribcage, running up to the soft undersides of her breasts. She stroked there, a sweep of fingertips, until she could see Sherlock’s tension mounting, and then brought the fingers of her right hand up to circle her lover’s dark nipple.
John bent her head and ran her nose up through the hair on one side of Sherlock’s cleft, then the other. The feel of the wet on the end of her nose, oh god, the rich raw
“John.” A high, keening whine.
“You’re asking me?”
.” John releases Sherlock’s hands and turns away, falls upon his elbows and thrusts his hips back and up towards Sherlock, whose eyes narrow. John, face in the mattress, doesn’t see. He finishes: “And I am going to
Of course not.
Forget your perfect offering.
Which he did. Luckily his bank account was in significantly better shape after the Adventure of the Blind Banker—even with the strong British Pound, adventure tourism could take its toll on the pocketbook. John was trying not to mind. He could afford it, but he had to keep reminding himself of that fact.
Sherlock has no words for how John’s eyes look. Lost, or oddly full. His fathomless eyes atop his rigid stance give him a look of resolve and infinite sadness that is wholly unbearable.
John.” His last
John saw
It’s such fucking garbage.” John’s breath hitches, not quite a sob but close. He is glaring, looking downwards now, not meeting Sherlock’s eye.
Giggling.
It didn’t mean any of that.
“Go on…”
After several long, shuddering moments, Sherlock’s thighs eased away from the sides of John’s head, and her breathing steadied. She had come, for the third time that night, in small precise thrusts against John’s mouth, with John’s lips closed gently around her slick, swollen citoris, and two of John’s fingers curled inside her.
“Come on, Johnny. I’ve seen you looking.” Her breath hot on his neck.
It was so easy now. “I want
Then his conscience kicked in. Sherlock
James joined him in the darkness “What are you doing out here? Big day tomorrow, I thought everyone was turning in early.”
“Oh, fuck,” John deadpanned. “I didn’t know it was
pissy when you see what I’m going to do to him.”
“For god’s sake, Sherlock, what?”
We solve crimes! You blog about it! What could there possibly be in any of that that would in any way fit that bill?”
“That's—”
Sherlock’s fingers around his bare cock brought on a renewed wave of feeling, and John only dimly noticed that Sherlock’s trousers were open as well. In another moment, though, Sherlock brought his own cock alongside John’s and brought them together with a gentle squeeze and the air rushed out of John’s lungs.
“Definitely. And there will be zero subtext, can we agree on that? Everything just...real.”
were to make that offer, it would absolutely not be
“You didn’t.
“Shut up,” the murderer told him, completely unnecessarily. “No, it’s better all around if you shoot him.”
it. Had seen the sadness, and the tenderness, and the wide blue eyes, unguarded for only the briefest moment - John, who almost never let his guard down. Yes, this time Sherlock had seen it, and having seen it once, he realised he had seen it a thousand times.
As a counterpoint to Sherlock's simmering anger, John is calmer now. Not
sleep on the sofa.”
Far too much time went by before he said, “What?”
“It seems so, sir.” John gritted his teeth. “It’s been an honour serving with you.”
He bends, and unlaces his own shoes.
Sherlock stared at him. “Me.”
As each moniker gets more absurd, John gives up even trying to contain his laughter. He quickly becomes inured to the idea that an amorous Sherlock, in a particular mood, will inevitably address his penis as often as he speaks to John himself, so that at the end of a very brief period of adjustment, John hardly bats an eye when Sherlock bellows from the bedroom,
Now Sherlock does look at him. It is impossible that anything John might say next will improve things, but he’s in it now, and in spite of himself he wants to know. John here is better than John gone, even if John is only here to break his heart.
, the best goddamn man I know. You are, all the time, no matter what you’re doing. When you take my cock you are a
When John’s hand suddenly closed in earnest around Sherlock’s leaking cock, he thought he might leap out of his own skin at the intensity.
“What, and have her spot me at the window of
Raising her own body for leverage, she brought both hands into play, kneading and massaging both thighs. John’s thumbs swept down between the thighs on each pass, and she slowly circled her strokes higher and higher until her thumbs brushed Sherlock’s curly dark thatch each time they circled.
. Fucking yes. I wasn’t, I’m not trying to take advantage, Sherlock. I'm not...what did you say? Looking for any possible pretense. I wasn’t looking, but when I…I’m not pretending, okay? And I won’t deny it, not ever. Not ever again. To anyone.”
“Look, don’t, all right? It’s just...I was so sure there was a goal, and that they meant us…”
He does not know what he will see when John is finished taking off his clothes.
There was nothing to be mistaken in the look John was giving him. There was no ambiguity now, no flickering expressions that needed to be parsed and analysed. The only look there now was steady, unwavering. It had a name, and what is more, Sherlock knew what it was.
He starts with John’s face – well. The face he sees all the time, waking and sleeping. It is and is not as he imagined it, because John’s face is never the same way twice. He has known his face for years, and has never looked at it without being surprised. No need to dwell on it now.
is the way he wants to touch John. As if he could be anything but reverent the first time John allows this.
Or to
Then he tucks his bare feet together again, and looks at them for several long moments. Not struggling, but resting. No,
John squeezed his eyes shut. “
Sherlock has had the air sucked out of his lungs, and is relearning how to breathe, beat by agonised beat. All from this small piece of intelligence that John believes he already knew.
And Sherlock took his surrender with both hands curled around John's shoulders, and moved so that one thigh was pressed to John’s erection, and John moaned, John
(As much as John will allow right now, who is holding his shoulders tensely and supporting his own weight, bent forward, with the taut strength of his back.)
. Instead he could hardly even move.
John’s spit-soaked fingers continued to hover where they were, slipping over the tight curl of flesh, circling, pressing. His mouth steadied around Sherlock’s erection, sliding back in long, slow pulls, and then sinking deep again. John did look, and he certainly saw, but he did not stop. His eyes, sharp and intent, did not leave Sherlock’s face.
bad.”
Sherlock sees, and observes. He begins to re-imagine.
“There’s a surprise. Do you think
Sherlock
claim it. The heat of John’s skin, the smell of John’s mouth under his own, the heft of John’s body under his hands—it is already so familiar. His hands and his mouth and his senses already seem to know this, this country.
Is that what this is? He can’t ask. Or rather, he could, but he has already used up his store of indifference and coldness, and if he asks, it will be obvious—everything will be obvious.
sparks, and crackles, and, “
She grasped John’s buttocks in both hands and set to her task with diligence.
, or the wrong
“I knew it,” Sherlock breathes, still stroking, still worshipping. The anomaly – the fly in the ointment, the virus in the data – it was only in his mind. It was the last vestige of fear, fear that he couldn’t possibly know John as well as he imagined, fear that he got this, this last, intimate detail, wrong – and would never know the truth. “I knew it, but I was afraid.”
John? You’re sitting there, missing the point,
of you, I wish you could see, I wish you could
Simple? There was nothing simple about the feeling that shuddered through him as he pressed their mouths together. It tingled through his lips and rushed through his body and spiralled brightly in his chest. Something went soft down the middle of his belly, and a long stream of air drifted out of his nose, breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding.
A moment later, the savage strength of Sherlock’s arms gives way, and he barely has time to guide them down to the bed before he yields to the languor suffusing his limbs. They settle, John’s body half on its side, still partly trapped beneath Sherlock’s weight. Sherlock buries his face in John’s hair and the back of his neck. John tucks Sherlock’s arm under his own, and they lie in silence.
god, yes, now. Hurry.” Press of chests, tilt of hips.
It is ridiculous. John has already said what he came here to say, he’s only been asked to say it again so that Sherlock has a hope of responding the way he wants to. It’s out already, there, between them, on the carpet.
just barely, just barely
“Um…”
in anger, not love—to
John felt that her mouth was famished, that her hands were
John’s hands were everywhere. There was no way for Sherlock to follow the slick movements as one of John’s hands worked his straining cock and the other—how many fingers did he
John shouts and groans, and presses back to take Sherlock deeper. Sherlock has to pause, to adjust to being buried in John. The wait must be harrowing, because when Sherlock pulls back and thrusts back in, John
Occasionally simply
“Joh—! J—! Jo—!” and then only the catch of his voice and the rasp of his breath.
(Accept it, but have Sherlock whisper
What followed was...furtive. And raw. Harsh, in the dust and sand. There was nothing soft, that night in the desert. Nevertheless, James was tender, during and also afterwards, tucking John back into his clothes, folding his fatigues back into place, making him tidy. James valued neatness. And gentleness, it seemed. He kissed John once more, before stepping away.
So it was that he and Clara were drinking together, but the rest was a little...blurry. It was just him and Clara and at some stage they’d started...this. Whatever
orgasm.
In response, Sherlock’s hips began to rock the barest bit faster, and she tilted and arched, seeking the best contact. Her pelvis tilted right back so that her clit stayed tip-to-tip with John’s tongue,
Un-beta'd, hardly edited. Written in the last day and a half. This is from the gut.
“Hello, John.” Stalling.
this. Why was he stopping?
“I love you.” Blurted, unpolished, harsh, raw. But it is the truth, and Sherlock meets John’s eye without wavering and says it again. “I love you.” (He understands John’s defiance now.)
John looked up, at that. Pleased. “Yeah?”
“Sherlock, this is silly.”
So Sherlock has wrapped his arms around John’s dear, precious, suddenly touchable body and buried his face in John’s neck  and whispered, “Bed?” between small pressed kisses.
It degenerates quickly after this, the crisp discipline of Sherlock’s martial arts training and the blunt efficiency of John’s military hand-to-hand fighting swiftly turning sloppy, hands grasping wildly, bodies rolling, legs taking out unwary bits of furniture and an arm or two that is actually flailing in there somewhere. Neither man wants to cede to the other, and although neither is willing to do any actual damage, it seems unlikely to end well.
“But…” He couldn’t
“I, uh, I have a few ideas.”
. And for all his cleverness, for all his keen observations, for all his whatever-remains-however-improbable, John was still sure that there was no way Sherlock could possibly have deduced...this.
A hint of a smile. “Ask for this.”
and not feel ashamed, even so, this was
you?”
When it was for sex, it was a conscious decision on his part to initiate and, in due course, to escalate, and while he took great care afterwards to provide the requisite cuddling and affirmation – and enjoyed it – it was always a relief when it was over, to know he’d conducted himself creditably.
At that, James hesitated. “It’s just...best not to make any promises. John.”
Sherlock needs to
John is a soldier today.
“Where do you want me to come, Sherlock?” John’s voice was gritty, his teeth clenched and his gaze merciless, boring into Sherlock’s eyes where he lay between John’s knees.
“And we don’t have to wait for them to write it.”
John saw
“Sherlock—” John’s hand clenches in his lap, once. Then he flexes his fingers, takes a breath—and lets his hand come to rest on Sherlock’s leg.
“Then, no.”
“What on earth are you looking at?”
It was the slow slip of fingers, starting back at one, stroking, stretching, circling, while a gentle fist (and that was John, all the time, a gentle fist) sliding and squeezing. It was the soft press of lips—John had to lean way over to reach, balanced on one elbow, because his hands were full, but he did, he did, he pressed his open mouth on Sherlock’s skin and exhaled hot breath and tender words, words like
For a confused moment he tensed, scrambled, an apology leaping to his lips, but Sherlock’s hands gripped his arse and drew him all the way up and his muddled
“Hah, no, not all the time. Shit, I don’t know how to say this. I don’t have your fancy made-up words here. I know you’re real because of how much I love you, all right? Because of—”
The receding stress makes him snippy. “Of course that’s what this is. We’re sitting, we’re talking. What else would it be?”
. They were sure it was going to happen before he actually shipped out. He couldn’t really mean it, they thought.
“John,” he says gently, and then he
like to know,” he said. His smile went vague and, John thought,
. Everything I am is exactly what you need. It’s worth it for that.”
“Get in here, my Lustful Cockmonster, I have big plans for you and Dr What’s-His-Name!”
“Oh, was it, now? Beautifully so?
It is necessary to think about John in this way. Every interaction must now be coupled with deductions, or he’d never know anything. As it is, he is never
, he had
. How many times had John thought,
That was when he surfaced, gasping.
“Did you get my text?” (He hasn’t texted, but watches for John's reaction.)
The implications of what John has said hover between them, settling over the lead weight of his bitter and resentful declaration of love. Sherlock once again finds himself speechless, looking inward for some part of this that makes sense, that fits. He does not mark the passage of time.
and John looked back.
. Either it’s still fine or it never was.”
. “God, Sherlock, I hope so.” They stare at each other. Those are tears glittering on John’s lashes. “I hope so. Is it?”
even if he wouldn’t remember) of putting his hands on Sherlock’s body, of caressing him and kissing him. Of whispering those words to him that, in reality, he was forbidden to say, forbidden by Sherlock’s every word and gesture. Even knowing that it would fade, and until it faded it would hurt, no, he would not miss this chance.
There was never anything he wanted more than precisely whatever John was doing to him. Whatever glorious, terrifying thing John wanted from him.
“Homoero - ? Why should you care if they’re prancing…?”
you only blinked, tell me this is all right, tell me you want this, tell me—”
“I don’t want to hear it, Sher—”
She squeezes then, nuzzling her nose deep into the skin of John’s neck. “You’re so beautiful.”
“John—”
“I’m not entrenched.”
the one who’s just seen stars.
The very weight of his body has changed, seeming to pool like liquid on the bed. His sigh is slow and warm and sated. It comes from deep, deep in his body.
“You’re sometimes stupid. But I mean, it was always
, John Watson, and you are
You hate entanglements. You never. You never wanted.
Sherlock smiled, eyes barely fluttering. “I
with Sherlock under him, saying
He peered over to where Sherlock was studiously not meeting his eye. “A story?” he asked. “Or…?”
and it was incredible, and she was sure she couldn’t bear it -
But Greg, on top of not being stupid, was a detective, a competent one. While John and Sherlock resolutely avoided his eye, he was able to connect the dots. He began to smile.
And then his voice. “Was that what you wanted?”
“So…well.
“Do you want me to stop? Is that it? Giving up already?”
“I know, yeah, but look, this isn’t about that.”
“I’m not
“Yes, please.”
When Sherlock stepped away, it was only to take John by the hand and lead him up the stairs where he unwrapped him like a gift, and John forgot to wonder who would want a gift like him, and let himself be opened.
“I’m...not sure.”
smile, and it is almost his old smile, no, it
a doctor, and also an extraordinarily kind person. “Don’t worry. John, really. Don’t. What do you want to do, do you want to stop, or…?”
“Not even of that? Not even...not even of me?”
John returned her mouth to Sherlock’s, and kissed, and kissed, and kissed. She kept the kisses gentle – lips, but not too hard, sucks, but not too deep, tongue, but only brushing,
. Like they’ve always been.
, and I don’t understand
“Don’t what? Don’t like girls?” Clara laughed, not very gently. “You’ve got an eye for the lads, Johnny, which you think is a big secret, but I think I still have a thing or two you might enjoy.” And she took his hand and pressed it to her breast, licking back into his mouth at the same time.
—are capable of certain
…and John does.
Stunned and lopsided on his arse, Sherlock looks at John and John almost smiles.
“I saw your face, Sherlock. He was talking shit, about us, about
“Second of all, there is absolutely no reason to conclude that homoeroticism enters into it in the slightest. They could just be friends larking about.”
Sherlock’s breasts were incredibly sensitive. Given the right set of circumstances (which seemed to include not just mood, energy levels and point of her cycle but also wind direction and phase of the moon), she could come just like this. John wanted that, wanted to see Sherlock gasp and buck and clench just from John’s steady hands on her breasts.
“I know where it is.”
You’ve been stuck with it ever since.”
Sherlock does, then, Sherlock touches her, Sherlock allows the delicate circling touch of her fingers to settle, so lightly, on the tip of John’s nipple, only the slightest touch, but John cries out and almost rises off the bed, and she thinks she could come, just from this, just from Sherlock’s fingertip resting there. She trembles and tries not to break the contact.
so many times that he’d stopped caring that his voice was getting increasingly breathless and desperate or that each new touch, once it had been withheld and then asked for (begged for) and finally bestowed, brought out of him an arching need and a keening whine he could not have disguised even if he had wished to.
Porn yes
Sherlock’s whole palm was pressed against John’s whole length, the base of his thumb massaging the head of John’s cock, the tips of his fingers caressing John’s balls. The large hand slid up and down, the palm on John’s prick, the knuckles brushing Sherlock’s.
it would have made, since I don’t know how long you’ve harboured these…feelings. Still, you’re there with your mouth flapping open and looking all sad–
He thrusts again. Again. He can feel his release building in his balls and belly and in the increasing tightness of the muscles inside John’s body.
Not with what he had to do next.
Sherlock.” John scrubs both hands over his face and through his hair. “Is that all it is?”
“Yeah.” There is steel John’s voice.
“Yes.” Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut. “It’s very…detailed.  But just now some of the details were – askew. Off.”
You want me to believe that out of everything you could tell just by looking at me,
slab. Felt pretty fucking cold all the same.”
, and Sherlock wants only to wrap him in his arms, in his body, in his very
“If?”
been looking. She was absolutely beautiful and why was it
At length, John stirs, and takes a long breath. “Sherlock,” he says. His voice is croaky. “Thank you.”
John doesn’t know how to ask, though. Sometimes he doesn’t even quite know he wants it. But tonight he knows. His skin feels stretched, a little, tighter than it should be, in his chest and, oddly, around his fingernails.
, he doesn’t quite manage to say.
Sherlock, that’s
John did glance up then, in time to catch the slight smile. “Cheers for that, sir.”
“And...you?” Sherlock asked after a pause. “Will you stay out of it?”
This, where he was hovering over John on the bed, having worked him open with fingers and tongue—carefully, so carefully, so anxious to do this
So few words. But they have always inhabited the unspoken. Sherlock hears what John is offering. Is asking for.
After a moment, John spoke again. “It’s just…” A pause. “Maybe you’d feel better if you bottomed.”
Time stretched out on either side of this bright moment. It sometimes happened this way – if she made herself wait, she could draw out one deliciously powerful climax and use it as a stepping stone to the next one, and the next, each more powerful than the last. A gentle thrumming suffused her genitals, telling her that tonight might be one such time.
Demolition indeed. But is it the annihilation of the fragile, precarious foundations they have just barely managed to lay, or the leveling of their last defensive walls?
he wanted more than this.
, and
That’s it,
Sherlock grumbled something unintelligible.
“And with you, Watson.”
“Unlikely. He won’t expect
Will want what Sherlock wants.
Sherlock feels the meeting of their eyes like a blast of air, hot, percussive. They both recoil, actually, physically recoil, from the force of the eye contact. As if in the shockwave from an explosion.
“I know we
“We both do, isn’t that right?”
“—maybe you didn’t trust me with, you didn’t want me around Rosie—”
, and muffled the sounds of her shouts.
Without looking at him, Sherlock said, “Whatever you think you’ve figured out, Detective Inspector, you’re mistaken. Kindly desist.”
John loved Sherlock like this, so soft and so tremulous, and yet so aware of her own desires. John did not need to drive her when she was like this, John did not need to advance or accelerate, she just needed to place her fingers just
“Innocent?” Here John does raise his head. Because he knows what Sherlock means, and he’s clearly lost this argument, but this is one point he isn’t going to concede. “
“More?”
He blinked. Then he lifted his head a fraction higher, and blinked again.
John, strong and controlling and a little frightening, to fill him full; he wanted John deep inside him, all the way up into his belly, and he’d howl through the pain if that’s what it took.
“Agency, again. If our self-perception is different from how our creators see us, their view trumps ours.”
He didn’t know. He has said that to John,
. You’re—you’re…” John fought back a yawn. He should be feeling more upset, he thought, but he was so comfortable.
“You had three words to say. You required a reminder?”
When John’s fingertips had closed over Sherlock’s top button, Sherlock had to say
feel.”
John ignores his tone. “That, yes. But also for me, to remind myself what I was here for.”
John is, for his part,
“You have them too. I—You have them too?”
“I guess,” he said finally. “If you don’t want to do it.”
This look—had he ever seen this look on Sherlock’s face? This was the smile for a brilliant case, or a dangerous plan, or, or, John didn’t know what else it was for, this elated, delighted,
Fingertips spread wide, John draws his hands up Sherlock’s body. Immediately, Sherlock whimpers and
Both smiling now, they turned to look at each other, and a soft, fond look passed between them. The depth of joy John could read in Sherlock's face made him feel warm deep in his chest. To think, they had both been wanting this, they had both been wishing... and they would never have known, but for…
“I’m not done. I want you to talk to me. Even if I’m not there. And when I am there, too, of course. I want you to tell me when you’ve thought of something new, or when you’ve solved something. I want that feeling when I’ve said something and it’s made you go,
Neither of them could have imagined
John opens his mouth to speak but stops. He shifts his weight, leans back, makes to cross his legs, but then doesn’t. He leans forward and rests his elbows on his knees. Clasps his hands together. Looks up at Sherlock past raised eyebrows that make deep ridges across his brow. Still doesn’t speak.
“That's bloody it.”
enthusiasm would make up for it. Sarah was a nice woman who wanted to have sex with John, and John was pleased about it. He was.
, so that he did not quite see how Sherlock turned his body or managed to slither his arms around his waist, nor register Sherlock’s hands on his hips, pulling, tugging him off-balance, not until the last possible moment when his only choices were to topple over completely or throw one leg over Sherlock’s lap.
It is late, and John is tired, and Sherlock is finishing a slow, gentle blow job intended to help John unwind after a long day. John’s climax – which has
John always,
Once they were under cover, though, the shooting stopped, and anyway
“You asked me a question. I think I have an answer. Ask me again.”
“You do? For a given value of
“Still not finished. I do want to be brilliant, I do, I don’t just want to conduct light for you, but I want to be my own kind of brilliant, capable and practical.
“I...ah.”
“’S a bit Pavlovian, innit?” he said with a wink. “I don’t remember exactly, but after a while certain key words have something of an...effect. If you know what I mean.”
?”) Had been disappointed but not surprised when she had joined the ranks of the women who had too much self-respect to stay with John Watson for long. (“You’re just...married to your work,” one of them said, kindly. “Go back to all your soldier boys,” said another, less kindly.)
At that, Sherlock finds his voice again. “Oh? And how did you know?”
“I didn’t either. I didn't—”
John oscillates between reading distractedly and blogging badly, and finally goes to bed early. He does not announce his departure. He lies in bed with his aching skin, and his fingernails hurt where they brush against the sheet.
- he knows what was gleaming out of their faces. He remembers, though it’s been a long, long time.)
“Yes, all right? Yes. And to be sorry.”
“There’s no reason for you to be this intractable.”
“Yes,
As a child, he flung himself at the people he cared about with the same unflinching abandon with which he flung himself at anything that captured his attention, with his whole self and his whole heart.
“Oh, I—uh, yeah. Yeah, all right, I guess. Yeah. Um, okay.”
“I want to be…”
He almost didn’t come. He felt his erection begin to flag more than once, but somehow the idea that he might not be able to perform filled him with horror.
in any dictionary, there’d be a picture of Lestrade next to it, looking
They lie together, naked, aroused, pricks hard and flushed – and this is the part, it must be, that John – eyes wide, pupils blown, hands clenched, breath rough – doesn’t know. Ready for whatever Sherlock might show him, but…apprehensive.
“Mmm?”
But John said, “I—I can’t.” He let go of Sherlock’s cock and instead smoothed his hand over the taut white belly. He withdrew his fingers. They hurt much more coming out than they had going in. “I can’t.”
“That they wanted the best for us.”
It wasn’t. John wasn’t saying that what they were doing was meaningless. He only meant the relative positions. Not the whole endeavour.
John is angry too, his reasons unclear but his fury unmistakable. Whatever forced him to come in the first place, he has had enough, and he is leaving. Now.
“John.” It is a croak. John blinks, so he is listening. Still looking away. “I - I didn’t know.”
Uncontrolled.
under his hands.
“That’s it, love, you take over. You show me what you need. That’s right, that’s good.”
“Nothing.” Suddenly, Sherlock wants his anger back. He grasps for the frayed edges of his rage but it eludes him. This is supposed to be about
His relationships, when he had them, were lukewarm for the most part. Sometimes his girlfriends would touch him spontaneously, not for sex, and he liked that. It was lovely, actually. That someone regarded him kindly enough to make that contact, a squeeze or a caress for no purpose other than to communicate affection. It was…
He held Sherlock’s eyes for a long, long moment, his fingers still working, but slowly. “Tell me what changed.” It was not a request. Hand on his cock, eyes on his face. It was
The man
One was slow, built with lips and kisses, welling up quiet, warm, gentle and almost unregarded until it bubbled to the surface, leaving Sherlock puddled, only slightly, into the covers; one more insistent, tongue now, the flat of it pressing, not quite on, but all around Sherlock’s wakening clitoris, at the points of the compass,
John gives a tight shrug. “
“Yes.
“Oh, I want it, all right.” John’s low voice ground on as his fingers worked. “I want it, if you’re going to ask for it like that. You want it hard?
“I don’t know why I thought
“And this is always a crowd-pleaser…”
in it. She took all her need for control and reserve and handed it to Sherlock—
“Not just larking about.”
Sherlock watched him come, and when John was right next to him, standing by his chair and getting into his space, he leaned away a little, but only so that he could look up at John’s face. The tide of
Sherlock was slippery and swollen, from two gentle fingers on her nipple, rolling, and as if that were not enough, she then spread her thighs wide and rocked so that her slick clit glided over John’s pressing fingers, glided and
She stays there for several breaths.
as the flush rose into his neck. The hair was crisp, the nipples brown and oblong, like twin thumbprints.
this, and by (startlingly, wondrously) Sherlock wanting him as well.
“John.” His words come on panting breaths. “John. This is—This—Thank you, oh god, thank you, thank—John.
John could not stop thinking the word, it swirled in her head, it danced around Sherlock’s body. Sometimes John imagined the way Sherlock must see crime scenes and suspects and strangers and John herself, the observations and deductions scrolling past her eyes as she took in every detail at a glance. But Sherlock was a genius; John was content to be just herself, no incisive observations or devastating conclusions, just the one word,
. “I want this.”
“It doesn’t.”
“Like wh—Oh.
They are staring at each other across a small stretch of carpet that has suddenly grown to the width and depth of a chasm.
which wouldn’t be so bad, on the surface. For a while. There’d be cases. Companionable Sunday mornings. Inappropriate humour. Unspoken loyalty. (Unspoken
tear his face away from Sherlock’s shoulder, because “—oh, god, no.”
“On you go, then. Head on the pillows.”
The point was, when Sherlock did it, it was beautiful. For John, though, it was just messy.
“We wrote it?”
Only a moment, though, because everything he wanted was set before him, for him to touch and taste and have, and looking—though wonderful—was nowhere near enough.
John is not the only one who can hide his reactions, however. Sherlock’s expression as he looks away is carefully neutral. He—fully clothed still—leads the way down the stairs. The thud of his shoes contrast on each step with the fall of John’s bare feet.
“Is it?” Sherlock kept his words carefully neutral. Meaningless?
Sarah had lined up for them on their trip. They’d already been sea-kayaking and jet-boating. Sarah had begun by asking John’s opinion about what they should try next, but he’d agreed so equably with everything she suggested that she was soon signing them up for whatever struck her fancy, depending on John to go along with it.
will not fix it, nor a thousand
and a shift of John’s hip gave Sherlock something to rut on and
“You’re not fine.”
“I don’t...understand.”
He has never had sex with someone who meant nothing less to him than all of the whole world and the stars and planets and trackless void that surround it.
, thought the part of Sherlock’s brain that never, ever shut off, not even
“Well. If you choose to see it that way. And yeah, I guess so. I’m not going to argue that point. I did think that. And as long as I, it was all...not good, but okay. I could live with it. With what I—what I did to you.”
The strong, rough knuckles, circling lightly—light, so gentle, but so strong. They carried with them the maddening slide on the sensitive skin, but also fierce jabs, gritty bricks, broken glass. Broken bones.
“Like you did to me.”
started, John. Which means I decide how fast we go. For now, I just want you to lie there. Get used to the position. Feel out the slack, feel how you can move, and how you can’t. Are you warm enough?”
this look of John’s. Is this what it has always meant?
He said, “I still have a few tricks up my sleeve.”
There is only one problem with this:
, what are we?”
John, pull it out.” John didn’t. “I want it, please.”
it was
, or almost. John allowed herself a moment of self-congratulation.
“I thought we were through with keeping secrets.”
“Not a trick,” he says.  Another deep breath of damp neck, in case he’s about to be thrown off. “Tell me to let go and I will.”
Maintaining the delicate movement of tongue and lips, John brought a hand up and curled two fingers into Sherlock’s opening, flicking and scissoring as they entered. The squelch and flow of Sherlock’s wetness in her hand and the smell and feel of it in her mouth were almost too much for John.
“You want to improve your interpersonal skills, so you’re lying?”
or whatever the hell you want to call them, that I feel, every bloody value of me in every bloody universe, all the most powerful human emotions, the grief and the anger and the—”
John obeys, stepping across the room and drawing himself up in front of Sherlock. He seems to stack his spine one vertebra at a time, and only when the last bone is placed does he raise his eyes to Sherlock’s. Sherlock, for his part, does not break eye contact the whole time it takes him to squeeze slick onto the fingers of his right hand and toss the bottle onto the bed. John watches.
No, no, not almost, John
John is not looking at Sherlock’s face, but at the bookshelf behind his right shoulder. He is stiff and tense. Sherlock has seen him like this a hundred times, just before he closes off completely and stomps down the stairs to go and get some air. He can’t today, though. His feet are bare. So he stays, and sits, and quivers with - the only word that comes -
, this is so, so neat. That it should be the very thing that stands opposed to the pure, cold reason I hold—”
John can't actually leave. There are several layers of reasons for this.
I am going to take it
open and
"John." John pauses, but doesn't turn.
John, the gun held steady. “You and your little pet here. You’ll probably get
“That you’re the—that I love you.” His hand shifted. His eyes did not leave Sherlock’s face.
I want you, John. You seem, you seem to want me too. You have  licked up the length of my entire body and wrapped yourself around me from every angle. You’ve buried your face—” and her lips twisted but she didn’t stop. “—your whole face in me, and sucked and lapped...John, your fingers, and your tongue...and I let you, I let you, I always let you, because I trust you—”
“I know. Hey. I know. I’m not blaming you. That’s the whole point. But...it was all right, you know? It was...it
Including the flush, rising through his chest. Including the hardening nipples. Sherlock yanks his eyes up to John’s and sees the telltale dilation. The trepidation is almost gone.
but Sherlock had said,
Sherlock, who was awash now with John’s fluids, which had run down her chin and over her neck and into her tangled hair and on, so that they soaked the pillow, evidence of John’s courage and her triumph.
“Fine. I’ll sort it out on my own.”
“John.”
“I said you should…?” John swallows as his body settles back against Sherlock’s,
“That’s not right. That’s not
this was it, she was flying apart, flying away in all directions, and who could, who would, who would bring her back again?
—surely his vocabulary could stretch a little further. Not
Now Sherlock was on his back, with John nestled between his thighs, his cock larynx-deep in John’s surprisingly accommodating throat, moaning around the fingers that John had hooked into his mouth. He was awash in the pleasure afforded by John’s lips and tongue, coupled with the exquisite tactility of having his own lips wrapped around John’s fingers. He licked and sucked and drooled around them, between panting breaths and visceral moans, utterly uncoordinated and splendidly
(John knew exactly what
It had been a simple case, and shouldn’t have been dangerous, but a slight miscalculation on Sherlock’s part had brought them face to face with their suspect. The man was not particularly violent, but he
. John thought that Sherlock might leave, but John himself came here and planned to stay. In spite of Sherlock’s possible anger, in spite of his own instinct to hide, his own drive to flee. Whatever else John wants, John was...John
improbable. How could he know?
John. I want it now.”
Now John’s head was hanging heavy, her hands braced on the wall, knees on either side of Sherlock’s head, her body quaking in rhythm with her panting breaths, her arms and thighs beginning to quiver. She would have to move soon. She never wanted to move again.
Sherlock would later swear that he heard the sound of the accomplice’s finger shifting on the trigger before the gun went flying out of his hands and they fell together, with Sherlock underneath getting the wind knocked out of him.
Because
, Sherlock. You can’t, unless you -” Another pained breath.
anymore, not really. Sherlock was anticipating pleasure, certainly, but little in the way of
His mouth opened and his eyes filled and he was powerless to suppress what was shining out of his face.
The slide of a drawer, the
“You told me why. You sat here before, when you thought I was dead, and your feet were bare then. Sentiment.
want. We both do.
“It’s just...you said you were ready.”
It felt bloody amazing. “Bloody amazing. But—”
“Oh.” John was capable, very occasionally, of incredible flashes of insight, as well as a certain amount of mind reading. His face grew serious. “Listen, Sherlock, we are what we are. That’s not going to change. There’s a lot of talk about the ramifications of taking particular positions during penetrative sex, but it’s all meaningless.”
him with his eyes.
He’d become increasingly intrigued.
John began his thrust with a chuckle but ended it with a growl, sliding sure and strong and all the way in, and
” Her mouth, sweet, soft on his. A broad swipe of tongue—wet—that should have been messy, should have put him off, but was actually just the right side of filthy. “
fine. It used to be.”
“Well?”
And John was tired, tired of arguing, tired of fighting for the opposite of what he wanted. He looked at Sherlock’s twist of a smile and just...let go. When Sherlock brought their mouths together, their kiss was warm and peaceful.
And when Sherlock’s mouth met his again, he did.
There is a pause, a silence that drags on between them while they glare at one another. John has said he is in love with Sherlock and their shared rage looks set to burn Baker Street to the ground.
Another reach, back down Sherlock’s body, and a slow draw of fingers, up again. Same reaction, without restraint.
him then, saw and observed. John scowled down at his hands and awaited his fate.
The authority settled over John’s shoulders. Like a mantle—had he thought that before? John, taking command. Rising to it.
It was so real. Also completely unfathomable, that it should be so clear and so compelling.)
“The manner – what do you mean?”
It was some time before either of them spoke. John sat back on his heels and licked his own lips clean. He folded Sherlock's pants back up over his penis and tugged his zipper up a little way, and Sherlock lowered himself, stiffly, to the floor. They sat side by side, shoulder to shoulder, leaning on the door and staring blindly at the windows, while their breathing and heartbeats slowed and steadied.
WIth his mouth over hers she couldn’t talk, thank god, and the only sound she made against his lips was one of mild surprise tinged with amusement.
Sherlock felt his own smile settle on his face. He didn’t bother to ask John how he knew. John was a genius too, after all.
Sherlock is angry. For all that John is the one who carries his anger with him always, a daily burden, crouching in every corner disguised as irritation or indignation, placated or viciously kicked back, chained, but never quite absent—for all that John wears his anger like a brand, Sherlock can be angry too, and he is, now.
an arsehole. But yes, all those things. I don’t like them, but I want them anyway. I’ll take them, and everything they’ve done to me...and everything they’ve done to you, too, although I hate that part, I hate it, I
Also not to be overlooked, in a whisper,
mood,
Thank you to
Gentle, John reminded herself. Light.
It’s new.
Anal penetration. John would certainly want that. Eventually. He said it didn’t matter who fucked whom—only he didn’t say
“Shh. Quiet now.” He traces the smallest circle with his fingertip, smearing, slipping. “Let me show you.”
Sherlock found it profoundly shocking.
It was therefore a simple matter for him to rasp out a ragged, “Yes, please, I want it, put your prick in my mouth, John,
Then he changed the sheets on his bed. And John’s.
Yearned, in fact, for all the things John said it didn’t mean.
John can feel, it is all she can do, and she abandons herself to the sensations.
John decides, and levers himself up from the bed. If he wants a goddamn cuddle, he should bloody well ask for one. Time for Sherlock to earn his boyfriend status, whether it’s a pain in the arse for him or not.
John was there, looking as John always looks.
the right place, curled, pressed, and at the same time closed her lips around the small, slick swollen mound of nerve-endings and
. To risk everything.
Yes, but...this one wouldn't be up to them. It would be only one time. It wouldn't even be real.
And he can say it, he is able to say it, he is able to say it all.
Sherlock took a breath, expecting to engage the murderer—whose flair for the dramatic could only be an advantage to Sherlock—verbally. Instead he found himself immobilized from behind with an arm around his neck and a press of cold metal at his temple.
He placed both his hands flat on the table, and smiled at the man, whose words stuttered to a halt. John said, “You are a complete and utter tosser, and you’re talking shite, and it’s fucking offensive.”
No reaction at all.
John still had his face right up in Sherlock’s, his mouth hovering, his expression…well,
imagined this - he has always imagined that John would be his teacher. That he could take his inexperience and his insecurity and his apprehension and his terrible, terrible
) and gentle thumbs on his cheekbones, where there might be tears. That if Sherlock got frantic, if he rushed, if he shut off, if he panicked, that John would soothe him, slow him down, come and fetch him where he fled and bring him back.
Now they were back at Baker Street, and something in the encounter had caused John to completely alter his usual demeanour, in a way that Sherlock found…well, frankly, alarming. But also intriguing. (And not a little arousing, but that was nothing new. Sherlock had given up denying the nature of his attraction to John some time ago.)
Back in his mind,  John slid the pants down over his hips.
You do not even get to breathe his air.”
John always challenged him. To ask for what he wanted, to lay himself bare, to
“Excuse me, little penis, John has something he’d like to say. Sorry, John, what was that?”
When he looks down and sees that Sherlock has shining rivulets of saliva running unchecked down both sides of his face, to go with the tears streaming from his eyes, filthy beautiful, suddenly he is
“No, I—Oh! Yes! Sentiment! Your
, this is
John is not asking for any.
“I need to see. I need to check if there’s something wrong with my perceptions, or if you really are – “ He can’t say this out loud. “If that’s just the way you are.”
He was pleased, also, to find that some skills and knowledge, long disused, still had not deserted him. He knew that if he kissed Sarah’s neck and she arched into his touch, he could draw a hand up her side, and cup her breast. He did so, and she arched some more, and made a little noise.
“And don’t say
“Am I...real?”
. And Sherlock would have to gather himself to tell him that he wanted it.
Because it was a death, to John. To Sherlock, too. “Death.”
He was no larger than he’d ever been but when Sherlock took a breath there wasn’t enough air because John Watson was suddenly taking up all of the space in the room.
Sherlock is on the bed.
John’s own rhythm sped up, her hips rocking, shamelessly smearing her wide-open labia and her throbbing clit over Sherlock’s mouth and chin, her breath rasping in little sounds with each exhale –
Another time, in a raw voice, from the kitchen. “John. John! I want you.”
Sherlock’s head rises with his intake of breath and he looks at John for a long moment, while a few thoughts and assumptions rearrange themselves in his head.
to be able to explain.”
- trusted completely, enough to come in her hand, enough to have Sherlock’s hands on her breasts from below, which she used to
entailed, for Sherlock.
“Oh, please.”
Instead, she rolled onto her back and stretched her neck, her mouth open, inviting. She looked...lovely.
he thought nonsensically. He said, again, “It’s real,” and pulled him down into a kiss.
“A one-shot,” John grudgingly supplied.
have any meaning at all, was an outlier, to be discounted, though herculean effort, even for his well-fortified mind. This is…worse. Quite a lot worse.)
“Quite. Very friendly, just as you say. I’ll defer to your expertise in this area, of course.”
“What the fuck, Sherlock?” John relaxes his hold - only to have Sherlock twist beneath him and spring free, leaping to his feet in one movement and knocking John off-balance in  the next.
A reluctant nod.
On her back, then? Fully exposed, which she supposes is the point of this. Unable to cover herself, unable to hide. At least her breasts will escape the worst effects of gravity that way, and she’ll be able to cross her legs…
John stares. Then whispers, “That’s all you saw?”
, and comfort himself with being right. Alone and right.
. But John couldn’t force himself any further away from him. “You can’t want this.”
John almost looked up at the hesitation in his voice, but caught himself in time. “Dunno,” he said, and then he actually considered the question. His first reaction was
Then night came.
“I think, in this instance, you know...you know more than I do.”
, this was...
“Fair? Yes, they wrote you to care about justice.
John fell silent. There was nothing for him to say. He’d set himself one task, one simple task, and he’d failed.
One hand on the back of his chair, one on the table, lean in, kiss. How had it ever not been this simple?
He is relieved when John quietly gets up and goes to bed. He’s not sure how long he could have held back, in spite of everything.
He sees, oh god, he must certainly see Sherlock’s meaning in this. It can’t mean anything else. John took off his shoes to tell Sherlock that he loves him, took them off so he couldn’t flee and couldn’t hide. Took them off and offered Sherlock this one real thing. Sherlock’s bare feet must surely tell him everything he needs to know.
Sherlock, having walked through the (locked) front door bold as brass, now hovered by the door, drawn up tall in the entranceway. He looked at John a long moment, then said, “You needed me.”
along her synapses and crackled out to her extremities so that her back arched and her head fell backwards, and she flung her arms wide -
“You don’t think so?”
As Sherlock moves, the words keep coming. Words like “sweet” and “brave” and “strong” comes out of his mouth in whispers. And they are
“Yeah, keep—”
One more pointed now, on a clitoris slick and swollen and
“It’s a one-off, Johnny. She doesn’t have to know. You’re leaving anyway.” She did something complicated with her tongue in his mouth and her hand on his prick - fingernails through denim.
John collapsed over Sherlock, panting, her twitching vulva still resting in Sherlock’s open palm. She had rocked herself to a powerful orgasm, grinding herself down into Sherlock’s hand, arching her breasts up against Sherlock’s fingers, chasing her pleasure at her own will, while Sherlock lay beneath her, willing and pliant and still buzzing from her own orgasms.
He bends, frowns a little. Looks at John’s mouth, then his eyes, one at a time, searching.
, and his knees went lax, so that he was held up by little more than Sherlock’s grip on his shoulders and the thigh against his cock.
Sherlock stepped away from the wall, his face clear, his eyes darting, his body thrumming with discovery.
“No, but
There should be earthquakes and cataclysms, but no. They can touch. This ground is no longer forbidden.
“I didn't mean…"
the Aston Martins, don't you?”
. John wanted to stop. John wanted to stop and transport himself away from here, away into his room at 221B, under his covers, with Sherlock murdering the violin downstairs. No hands on his body, no sympathetic eyes on his face. That was all he wanted. Yes, he wanted to stop.
And they did, rocking and thrusting, pressing and holding, sidling left or right, then falling away again. Sherlock moved her pelvis to chase her own pleasure, not speeding up, not pushing, not escalating, just steadily seeking the sensations she craved.
, really, to see his own penis disappearing into John’s body, to be
. John felt safe. Which was—he felt a familiar stab of shame—laughable, since it had never been
John jerks and twitches, nervous. Their ease has vanished. “I don’t—Sherlock, I don’t want you on the floor.” His hand that was warm in Sherlock’s hair tugs instead on his shoulder. “You shouldn’t—I should—”
It wasn’t more than another beat before they reached for each other. That stern face, softening; those deliberate hands, caressing; those remote eyes, pleased...John
“Oh god, what if…? God, that’s it, isn’t it? What he said. ‘
“When I first came back from, from—” Oh god.
to stake his claim anew, after Sherlock is caressed gently enough times to begin to believe that perhaps he can expect loving touches as his due, that they will come again, and again, and that he need not therefore soak them up as perishingly as he did at first, that his desert of loneliness is indeed greening, and the process is not poised to be reversed at the slightest shift in the weather – after all these changes have taken place, Sherlock discovers, to his great surprise, a delight in the ridiculous. During sex, particularly.
It didn’t mean any of those things, John had said.
Sherlock brought her other hand to John’s hip, and stroked upward, cupping John’s breast firmly and lifting from below. Her thumb and index finger encircled John’s nipple and traced, around and over.
So there is only one answer that Sherlock can give. “Yes,” he offers, willingly, freely. “Oh, god, John, yes. That is, if you—”
All of that, all that fucking garbage he was spouting, it’s shit, it’s
“It wasn’t your fault.”
Sherlock smiles into his skin. “No?” He loves showing John things, he always has.
, that’s...that’s...”
. You’re just...Sarah, you’re lovely.” He kissed her then, at the hollow of her jaw, and tightened his arms around her.
Something has
, John, brave and strong, to let me do this when you were afraid.”
In the space of a few weeks, John’s advances had
Now he looks at John’s bare feet and can’t think of a theory that can match them. There is no possible explanation that does not veer wildly into the realm of the impossible. Sherlock cannot even identify those, merely blinks, and blinks again, and thinks of high roofs and empty vaults.
(Sherlock cannot trust his own perceptions, though. That is precisely the problem.)
“You didn’t do anything,”
“Good night, John,” came the soft voice from the darkness.
“Hello.”
think you are. Wisest and best…”
John meant to be reassuring here, but by saying it didn’t mean any of that, he left open the possibility that it didn’t mean anything at all.
John did not quite shout at Sherlock, but it was a near thing. “I stop you, every time. I don’t want to stop you. I want to let you touch me, but I can’t...I can’t stop myself from stopping you. I wish I somehow wasn’t
He couldn’t do that when it might not mean anything, no matter how desperately he wanted the, the…the
John. You’re doing fine.”
. Look, you know how people see you.”
Three breaths, four. If he moves, he’ll have to say something. Another breath. His heart rate from the wrestling is settling down, but he is holding Sherlock’s body and breathing into his hair. He is anything but calm.
Sherlock’s hand curled and rocked against John’s own warm, slippery clit. Her strokes were long and firm, feeling along the whole the length of John’s folds. She pressed and cupped with the heel of her hand so that John could feel the pressure at her tip, and also all along her wings, providing both direct and diffuse sensation and causing her to throw back her head with a breathy gasp.
But Sherlock can’t stop his own climax from taking him, so that in the very last seconds before John comes, Sherlock’s wildly pumping hand slides suddenly smoothly, coated with his own semen –
The observations, the ruminations, the – he could admit it –
“Mary, this isn’t—I am, all right?”
The skin of John’s chest was precisely the shade Sherlock knew it would be, somewhere between
that felt good. “I, I,
to rise and spread and
That there would be murmurs of
, he couldn’t take another escalation—
She now lay, open and languid, her knees falling to the sides. Her eyes were closed and a small, soft smile played around her gently parted lips.
“Ah. It’s you. Hello.”
John does, spine still stiff. When Sherlock lets his left hand settle onto his shoulder, John twitches. It is not quite a flinch, but it is close enough. The last of Sherlock’s anger dissolves into pure compassion. He rests his head beside his hand.
John got as far as lowering his zipper before Sherlock lost patience completely. He batted John’s hands out of the way, parting the fabric of his jeans and reaching into the soft cotton of his pants, and John had only a split second to realise what Sherlock had in mind before he felt the touch of Sherlock’s fingers.
.” The words were rough and hard, the way he’d asked John to take him. Perhaps that would get him what he wanted. “Fuck me, John. As hard as you like.”
“Oh, my. You’re most welcome. Don’t you have lovely manners.”
Sorry. I’m sorry. It’s just—I want this. Can we get on with it, please?”
her, and yet
. Vulnerable. Offered willingly, now. Where his confession was defiant and reluctant and resentful, this is unforced. Eager.
“John.” His name only, and Sherlock had crossed the room and entered his space and hadn’t thought twice about it, had not even hesitated.
Unbeta'd. I'm hoping that's not too glaringly obvious.
Whatever you saw, yes, I want, more than - more than - you don’t know.
“Definitely. I am
John has been kissing Sherlock – kissing him
They rest.
feet.”
“I’ve observed that lying is the primary driver of social harmony, the more egregious the better. So, yes.” He shook the phone impatiently in John’s direction, and this time John gave in. There was never any chance he wasn’t going to.
, the better to surrender itself to John, who pulled back only at the last to whisper
His eyes were closed, and his fists were clenched, and he was
, when at last the deft hands circled and scrolled and scratched. Worth it, for certain, when those same fingers dipped below the waistband of his trousers.
No response.
Sherlock runs a cool palm down John’s raised arm and down her side to her hip (avoiding a ticklish armpit). She trails her fingers over the soft mound of John’s belly, circling her navel lightly, and then passing the flat of her hand over the same skin, a delicate touch followed by a firm one. The same palm runs up between John’s breasts, staying well clear, then down again before wrapping around her ribcage.
“I’m going to have you, John.” He runs his slick fingertips under the curve of John’s arse, all along where it joins the top of his thigh. He brings it up the line of John’s cleft, barely tickling the hidden hair that grows there. “I know you mean to go through with this.”
“Listen, I know this is hard. You’ve been so...unhappy. You’ve been grieving.”
Sherlock knows about ruin, knows that its effects can happen in waves upon waves, long after the cataclysm appears to be over. Knows the futility of expecting to step away from it with no more harm done than a little dust on one's clothes. Knows himself that when he tried to ignore the devastation he was stepping out of, it only served to spread the destruction outward from wherever he stood, continually. Perpetually. He can see the rippled aftershocks of his own ruin still settling in front of him, his dust and ashes mingled with John’s.
you, who sees your, your oddness and your genius, and thinks it’s all extraordinary. It’s selfish, but I want to be the
this. She opened her mouth and growled, growled,
“What.” Sherlock doesn’t need to see John’s face to know that his eyes are screwed shut. “
Once inside, he licked along Sherlock’s tongue, over and around, in firm, sure strokes. He delved into the deepest reaches of Sherlock’s mouth, running his tongue along teeth and lips and the insides of cheeks.
“Yeah, this. Us. Touching you. Having—loving you.” Well? It was true.
, this new thing, together, for weeks, and Sherlock was almost used to the variety of touches that John would make him ask for. Hands and mouth, cock and bollocks and nipples, and a thousand other places on each of their scarred bodies, places where somehow the skin could still take pleasure from a tender touch despite years of rough use and neglect.
“Ah. Yeah, good. Um. Thanks. Thanks very much.”
“Everything.” Sherlock drew away enough to gasp a hurried breath and speak. “Everything, John, I want—” He cut himself off and looked at John’s face, really
He sees John draw another breath to speak, and if he lets John derail him it will be too easy to stay derailed and never say these words at all, these words that
She brought her hand down again to cup Sherlock’s vulva, dipping a finger to press her swollen clitoris, delighting in the slick juiciness and in the little twitches of Sherlock’s hips as she sought a flicker more of pressure.
John wouldn’t do it if he didn’t ask. But perhaps he wouldn’t
Sherlock tried anyway. “Don’t be ridic—” But the arm tightened on his throat and the gun pressed harder against his head.
He was hard and Sherlock was hard and their cocks were pressed together through their clothes, and their mouths were open into each other, and there were hands and tongues and gripping and gasping and
His voice almost breaks on the last word, but he presses on. “Because I thought flowers were more traditional.” Sarcasm is safe. He all but spits it.
“Oh, that’s...Sh-shit, that’s good. Keep going, that is—oh,
into his hair, or the gentle stroking of large hands over his back.
At length, John spoke again. “So...does this mean we'll do it?” The thought didn't please him as much as he expected it would.
John sat up, then; mumbling was
Let me—let it happen.”
how I know I’m real, all right? That’s it. There it is, right there. There’s no way I could love you this much and not be real. No way. Not just improbable, all right? Fucking impossible. That’s it.”
“And they wrote you to admire it.”
John’s smile turns a little rueful. “Right, um. I didn’t actually have a plan. After the initial…”
John opened his eyes and looked up.
(See the end of the chapter for
What John does is to sit down on the top step and put his head in his hands. He breathes deeply with his elbows on his knees and does nothing more for a long while. After several minutes, Sherlock hears him laughing. It is not a pleasant sound.
Yes, afraid. As if he’s still expecting to be hurt.
“I do have to, I do have to. Shut up, will you? It isn’t behind us. It’s right here in this room. It isn’t behind us. It’s
...he struggles with himself a moment...
“How? How, when I don’t even know if there’s a
“No.” Suddenly refusing was the only option.
“Ask me again.”
this. He’d said so, he had. His eyes were dark and his chest was high and he
So Sherlock asks, “What now?” Perhaps John knows.
He is inhabiting his own skin now, completely, and thrilling to the slow drag of John’s fingers up his body. Still saying nothing.
“Yes. No. Right. Not just…no.” His breath leaves him all in a rush, and he has to pause to fill his lungs again. “So are you, do you want…? What I’m offering?”
He wanted everything that heat might bring.
John stares.
“Agreed.”
“You’re right.” John looks at him another long moment, then stands. “There’s no reason.”
“Let it happen,” Sherlock had said, and now, waiting for assent, her tongue dragged along John’s most sensitive flesh, the movement so tiny, so delicate. The effect would be almost soothing except that every one of John’s nerves was stretched tight and the infinitesimal caress served only to keep her
“Not a chance.” (The first truthful thing he’d said so far.) He wanted to rip that smile off her face with his canines. Instead he ground his mouth down onto hers, open, harsh lips instead of the teeth he wanted to use, marginally more gentle. With his hands he gripped her shoulders, hard, to stop himself from gripping her throat.
“No—” John groaned halfheartedly and scrubbed his hand over his eyes, into his hair.
(Two bodies, touching.)
is drawn out on a jagged moan. There is no kind of speech that can accompany his last frenzied thrusts, but he holds his fist in place as he drives into John and propels John’s cock deep into his waiting grip.
Sherlock only hums absently and says nothing, and they get to Baker Street without further discussion.
There are no more questions after this. Their mouths find each other again.
laid out on the bed, in a well-lit room, naked. Nipples tightening despite the heat of the room.
So that two long, warm fingers could lie on either side of her swollen clitoris, and press in, and she could thrust and rut and wriggle, and a warm full mouth could press against hers and she could slather slick and sloppy kisses without a care. So that she could lift a breast into the flick and pinch of teasing fingers, and gasp and gasp, and bear down on the two fingers that curled inside her, and with her whole body seek the pleasure being offered—seek it, and then
, what Sherlock has felt so strongly for so long that he has been sure it must shine out of his head like a beacon whenever he hears John’s name, and John
It was wonderful, really. Wonderful and heartfelt and warm, and the last thing of all the things that Sherlock had ever really wanted, the last thing he needed to be completely, blissfully happy for his whole life but John was still stood there with his own cock in his hand and this interlude had gone on
at the base of his spine, the pressure deep within him, the occasional bright flash of pure pleasure when the angle shifted, briefly, then away again; and the smell, the
The suddenness of Sherlock’s words, when he was stuttering and halting only a moment before, the speed with which they have burst from his mouth, stops them both in their tracks, startles them both into raising their eyes at the same time.
The very same word.
And in a long, silent exhale, John said, “Yeah.”
him; the desire was cresting, and would not be ignored for long.
“But...you made me.”
Whale-watching was the latest
pinched, barely, and
, the same deep voice. Grit and bullets and steel traps and wool. Those
“Fit what bill?” Greg Lestrade was just mounting the last step, and it was testament to how unsettled Sherlock was that he’d apparently not noticed the approaching footsteps. “What’s going on?”
Sherlock waved a hand. “I need your help with something.”
Having made the decision—had he?—to sleep with his sister’s fiancée ahead of their wedding and his deployment, he was dimly determined to go through with it, and make a proper job of it.
He finds his voice and says, “I do, though. If you want, I can…”
Sherlock has never, ever tired of showing John what he knows, what he can do.
But John’s words, when they come, are swift and sure. Not quite angry.
No one can bypass Sherlock’s defenses like John can. The flatness of his tone pierces all of his cold armour and sinks deep into his heart. His lips twitch – where is his control? He has one last salvo. If this doesn’t work, he is lost.
Whatever he was trying to explain has evaporated. Because there is John, expecting to be hurt again, to be hurt
It doesn’t always have to be clever.
they are all exactly what Sherlock thinks of in relation to John, but he has never before been able to get the words out, and now, with John’s slick heat stretched tight around him, open and trusting, they flow like a river.
She trembled on the brink, unwilling to back away, afraid to tip over. John had reached this point before, but only rarely. Always before, she’d backed off before it hit. Always, she’d turned the tables and made her partner tremble and howl in her stead. She
of her, made John suddenly, almost painfully aware of her own state of arousal. Her nipples were tingling, her breasts were flushed and full, and her pelvic muscle was twitching and fluttering.
discovery was hardly even a risk. It was a certainty. But she tried anyway.
John hisses and throws his head back at the first touch, thrusting his hips forward to press his cock into Sherlock’s hand, and lets him touch his fill.
. Christ, you know what I’m thinking. Christ, Sherlock, it’s true, it’s true, and I’m—”
Sherlock could not even begin to explain why. It was an assumption he had not questioned, not even for a moment. “Because. Because you. Because we…”
John’s smile widened at that. “Well, yes. I hope so.”
as he bled into the sand, and in his delirium imagined strong, tidy hands making him safe.
John has Sherlock by the lapels of his coat, his hands curled into fists. He hauls on him, pulling him along, for all that Sherlock follows him quite willingly. John is alight with rage and indignation, and Sherlock would follow a John like this wherever he might lead. He is
He doesn’t look up as Sherlock enters the room, but he’s obviously heard him come in.
and there is a tussle, as John grips and pulls at Sherlock’s shoulders and Sherlock muffles his face in John’s trouser leg and
How to ask? “Is this…?” He presses his lips together, winces at his own ineptitude. “Is this forgiveness?”
John knelt beside her and prepared to play.
It takes John by surprise, this abandon. This whole aspect of their relationship - touching - is still somewhat new, but this…he hasn't seen this before at all. Sherlock so easily admitting to pleasure. It’s new.
of them, straight off a case; the smell of John’s sweat and John’s groin and of Sherlock’s own arse.
, you said.” He drills the knuckle into the middle of the furled flesh, no lube, presses, presses, then drags again, up and down. John makes a small choked noise.
with tactility.
He has not been able to excise that, to delete it, to deny the effect it had on John.
down into the kiss. Sherlock’s mouth fell open, and the melting continued, the contours of John’s lips and tongue becoming soft, liquid almost, flowing into the warmth of their kiss. Liquid, too, was the deep sound that issued from Sherlock’s throat and into John’s mouth, meeting John’s own deep moan, a confluence.
In words and demeanour. John was in too much pain to see if there was any warmth behind it.
“Oh, god, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean—”
They were kissing in bed. John had requested that Sherlock ask, and Sherlock had, and they were kissing, a delicious slide of mouths and a warm press of bodies. It wasn’t frantic, it wasn’t fraught, it was just
It tastes like absolution.
it, but I’ll take it all because it’s worth—it’s all worth it when…”
“Thank you,” John says then.
. This wasn’t just
But Sherlock can. John has already come out this far to meet him, and Sherlock can speak. “John,” he whispers, in between planting kisses, sweet and full, on John’s shoulders and the back of his neck, “John, you are wonderful. Brave. This isn’t easy for you but I have to tell you, you’re so, you’re so—” here Sherlock deepens the thrust of his finger and revels in the faintest arch of John’s back in response. “You’re magnificent. Strong. I can see all the muscles in your back.” His hands are elsewhere so he runs his nose over the ripples between John’s shoulder blades, dragging his open mouth across the skin and emitting a low, hungry growl. “You’re strong, John. I sometimes forget how strong. But you can do anything. Anything.” He closes his teeth in a wide, slow bite designed to hurt, just a little, before he releases. “
Sherlock doesn’t. His hovering hand comes to rest - lightly - over John’s. “Is this what you meant by
They’d progressed in this way from squirming and giggling, to panting and moaning, to trembling and gasping, to sweating and
was where John Watson was most at home, so it was easy now for him to keep going. “I told you. I want you too.”
“In the last five minutes, in a mysterious meaningless message sent from beyond the grave.”
even. Like they’ve always done.
room. Little used now but that’s where he takes them, instead of the larger, more accustomed room off the kitchen. He heads straight for it. No pause, no hesitation. No asking.
Silence, after. Breath. Her own, and Sherlock’s, slowing, steadying. There is a small voice nagging her to stir, to speak, to reassure, not to stay silent too long, but she resists. She lets the quiet settle through her body. Her eyes can stay closed for now.
. His socks—no, they have to come off as well. He pulls them off in two quick movements and tosses them off to the side. He kicks his shoes out of the way and settles his feet flat on the floor.
His cock swelled at the sight and he came, hard, his heart full of a mingling of pleasure, awe and relief.
“John, I—it’s all right, you don’t have to…”
John – given to analogy – thought of purring engines, warm and running smoothly, or old-fashioned radios whose tubes took time to thrum fully to life before the music would emerge, or campfires burned down low and hot. Sherlock’s arousal smouldered and glowed like embers. It would burn on for some time now with very little stoking.
Sherlock can see his sluggish notions
He slid down the door and came to rest on his knees, taking Sherlock’s erect penis into his mouth on the way down, in one smooth motion, and felt the slide of him across his tongue with something like relief. He closed his eyes and let out a grateful breath into the warm, musky hair of Sherlock’s groin.
was, but naming it was like admitting it was happening.)
There is no hiding from Sherlock. “On my back.”
John can do this.
A small part of John's mind objected to being manhandled,
If he let out the breath he was holding, John would know he’d been holding it. But he had to breathe. He released the air as silently as possible. It took too long.
Sherlock went to such lengths preparing him, working him open with his fingers for ages, alternating gentle stretching with slow, deep thrusts, using only one finger for the longest time, only adding the next when John was squirming around him, groaning for
“Yeah, I think I had heard that somewhere…”
“So, uh,” John said, finally, “Yeah, it did, it crossed my mind.”
“What the—Where the bloody hell else would we go?”
Suddenly, he found himself thrown off-balance, as Sherlock wrapped him in a strong embrace, fastened his mouth on John’s shoulder, and propelled them both across the room, to thump John’s back against the door. When John's brain caught up, Sherlock had him flat against the worn wooden surface, his elbows on either side of John’s head and the backs of his hands just barely brushing John’s face, caging him with his body and
“And me, as well. You...make me. That is, I want to be real for you, as well.”
“It has to be strange, doesn’t it, being with someone else.”
John’s fingers did not press, but only ran up and down the slit, back and forth. John was careful to apply no extra pressure as she did so, but somehow, with each pass, Sherlock’s labia parted slightly. First, the brush of hair, second, the silk of skin, the hint of heat, third, the slightest lick of wetness, until finally, fourth, parting and
she thought desperately,
that’s superheated—”
you.” John, who swore all the time, did not say
John, of course, showed no reaction at all, and the next moment released the man into the hands of the NSY officers who began to fill the alleyway. There would be questions to answer eventually, but no one—after a look at John—seemed inclined to ask them now.
and had taken what he wanted, and since it was what Sherlock wanted too, it was easy. What John wanted was the physical side of Sherlock, on top of whatever they already had. On top of being flatmates? Colleagues? Best friends? That bit had remained unarticulated.
A breath (whose?) and another. One more, and light dawned in John’s drawn face. The room, the world pivoted around them (two bodies, so close, one fixed point)
No, but he hadn’t been expecting Sherlock to raise the stakes yet again, and then be whisked away. Not that Sherlock could help him here, of course. There was a plan, and John knew what it was. His part, anyway. There was nothing left for them to say to each other, but it would help to know where he was. To think of him.
John's been in control up to now, doling out the pleasure to both of them - on her own terms. It's safer that way. After all, if she falls apart, who can she trust to pick up the pieces?
Not for him.
.” Sherlock reached out his hand and stroked a finger down John’s face. “And human, John.”
“Okay, then. Okay. Yes, you’re real. You’re brilliant and extraordinary and infuriating, and you’re kind, and you’re wise. You’re the most generous person I know, the most selfless, I mean, even when you’re being an arse about it—”
, and again,
John’s opportunities for grave risk-taking would soon be at an end. He seized this one while he could. “If you want, sir…”
No sense denying it. “Yeah. You could say that.” John forced a smile, but even he could feel how pained it was. “But you didn't even think of it.”
Never enough.
“I do.” Again, too quick. Clumsy.
“Nothing.” Swiftly, eyes closed. Expressionless. Then he opens his eyes again and looks Sherlock straight in the eye. “Absolutely fucking nothing.”
He carries his anger all the way down the hall, through the door which stands ajar, and around to the foot of the bed. He does not look towards the door when he hears John’s footsteps enter, nor when he hears the careful closing of the door—doorknob turned, door pushed to, doorknob slowly released. Under his hands, it does not make a sound.
but he wanted
Sherlock is silent. They walk on, leaving the disorderly youths behind them. “Anyway, kids’ attitudes have changed a lot since we were that age. Some of them don’t deny it. And a lot of the others don’t feel the need to hit them. Their friends might just be glad for them.”
Instead he sees the beaming face of the boy in the park.
The man was abruptly lifted off him by a very angry John Watson, who gripped the man by both lapels and headed him in the face.
Sherlock feels the meeting of their eyes like a blast of air, hot, percussive. They both recoil; actually physically recoil, from the force of the eye contact. As if in the shockwave from an explosion.
This part was easy, he has seen John,
She had such a nice smile. He put an arm around her.
, but John took his time all over again, kissing, stroking, pressing skin onto skin. His hands were no longer pumping or thrusting, but cradling and caressing, and where Sherlock’s desire had been a torrent before, to overwhelm him and drag him under, it now lapped at him in tiny, gentle waves that rose within him almost unnoticed, buoying him up and bearing him away as on a calm, warm sea.
But somehow, tonight, with Sherlock, it was safe.
“This?” Sherlock didn't meet his eye.
“I—I—”
“I thought I did. I had him all figured out. Clever. Too clever by half. A little damaged, a little distrustful, but romantic. I thought. With a weakness for a happy ending. And kind—or maybe compassionate. Towards others like himself, at least. But looking back, I can’t quite see what evidence I had. I reasoned without having all the facts.”
His own anger is still simmering beneath the surface. This is how Sherlock has always argued, picking at John, taking shots from behind his fortress of disdain, raising the stakes until John walks out. So that he can say to himself,
, was making his legs actually weak.
“Just try them on, will you? I had no idea you were so entrenched.”
Sherlock had not known that was possible.)
and if he could feel it, Sherlock could see it.
John is leaving.
He always tries to keep the world in his mind as consistent with reality as he can
If he could see what shoes John was wearing, and the state of the laces, he would know. John’s shoes are always so articulate. They always were, even back Before. And Since, well, Since, they’ve told a different story.
, Sherlock.” A breath. “I’m going to take care of you.” John gazed down at him for three heartbeats, four. “And you can laugh at that if you want.”
“John, John, oh, this is – this is – oh, John…”
that Sherlock would be able to keep hidden.
...want? Secret crazy murderous sisters and impenetrable fortresses asylums for evil geniuses?”
John will scoop his shoes up off the floor and be gone, now. Any moment.
Sherlock was letting him know what he wanted, Sherlock was letting him know what he needed from John.
This felt like everything he had been wanting for a long, long time.
It was getting out of hand. The chorus, the chant, the words, pounding in his skull. John had ignored them for so long and now it was as if a dam had burst. He’d moved back in, thinking it would be no worse than it ever was, but it was back now and a whisper away from being completely out of control.
, from John. (How quickly everything was back to being his fault.)
John’s fingertip was inside the warm pocket now, and as she drew it to the tip,
But Sherlock said, “Oh, John, no.” He met John’s gaze with a mix of affection and incredulity. “I could never have been that person if it hadn’t been for you. You...you taught me to be the man you already thought I was. Wisest and best. Most human. That was all you.”
John was everywhere. John was
There was nothing for it but to use that word. It was logical, if pitiful. If John took care with him, took care
“John. It’s been ages, and my hormones have been all over the show. We did the big emotional scene at the Holmes’. Do we need another one?”
“But—?”
John is asking…? As if, as if...
“Stop calculating, John.”
indecorously), but managed (mostly) to keep the whine out of his voice when he’d agreed, “Yes.
Sherlock’s smile was small and positively radiant. “The moment you chose was perfect,” he said. And then he said, “John,” and kissed him.
“Jesus, Sherlock, yes, Christ, I will, yes. Fuck. Get your clothes off.”
They were so close together. So close, with John’s back resting again on the old green door and Sherlock’s right hand slow and easy on his cock. With his left hand, he reached behind John’s neck and curled his fingers into the short hair at his nape. He brought John’s head towards him and pressed their foreheads together. John looked at his face and saw that Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on his own hand, moving on John’s prick, as if he couldn’t look away.
when she almost succeeds,
a genius, John. Wouldn’t be much of one if I didn’t think occasionally.” The lassitude in his voice took the snip out of his words. Almost all of his questions were answered anyway.
Sherlock leans in conspiratorially. “
“But, but, but…” God, John was close to coming just from dry humping in a chair.
She was  intoxicating like this. It didn’t happen often. Sherlock was nothing if not confident in bed. Pushy. Imperious.  John loved it. She loved having a partner who could meet her  blow for metaphorical blow, who would not wither under John’s own forcefulness, but push back and allow their pleasure and desire to spiral ever higher. She did not have to hold back with Sherlock.
One nostril twitches, and his chin lifts. “Obvious, yes. Hard to decide when it was most apparent. When you bloodied my nose, or when you married someone else. Sweet, really. Romantic. You’re right, I should have seen it.”
Something shifts between them. The talking...has reached a stopping point. They’ve said a great deal of what needed to be said.
John did not come off of high alert the entire time, which turned out to be just as well.
He could not chance it. Too risky. Best to just get on with it. Hordes of cretins with tinted eyebrows and designer underwear managed it regularly, with people they barely knew. He could do it with John. It wasn’t difficult. It wasn’t
She tightened her mouth, and
Something else it seems they already had.
“Of course I’m fucking not. Are
“Sherlock—” John goes rigid under Sherlock’s tender touch. “What are you doing?”
him, and not say the treacherous little words that always threatened to spill out of his mouth at any time, willy nilly, even at the breakfast table?
this. Had needed it for so long. To be touched by this untouchable man.
She raised an eyebrow. “Your line is, ‘Your belly isn’t gigantic, darling. You look beautiful.’ Try again.”
the beginning, thanks to the gods of
Here is Sherlock, with his left hand gripping John’s shoulder, head pressed into John’s skin beside it, with his eyes squeezed closed, breathing in deep draughts of the warm-smelling skin of his back. Here is his other hand, upturned and reaching between John’s buttocks, circling, pressing ever so gently, then relenting. Circle, press, relent, as the whorled flesh smooths out under his touch. He puts his earlier rough treatment from his mind. This,
“But could I…” Where were his
“Ah, yeah. Now you’re really...What about if—Oh, that works too, doesn’t it? Mmm, good boy. That’s—”
. He can’t speak his rage in any other terms. “Good and hard.”
John had taken Sherlock’s lower lip, clamped it tightly between both of his and sucked
Greg flicked his eyes towards John exactly once.  Whatever he saw on John’s face apparently made him finally rethink the whole conversation, as well as his presence in the flat.
An eager spark.
, no really, but it is
Fuck, Sherlock.
, John, come on, one deep breath. That’s it. Now another one. Good, that’s good.” All the while the hands stroking, and the mouth—as John’s breathing calmed—pressing little kisses against his temple, his hair, his shoulder.
It is impossible to mistake John’s meaning. Sherlock deliberately (and with titanic self control) does not allow his gaze to stray lower than John’s belly. He allows himself this moment, whatever else he will find. This moment where John’s body is exactly as he imagined it, and where John – the real John – is allowing his desire to surface.
“John.” Sherlock places one hand on John’s shoulder, dips his head, seeking eye contact. But John closes his eyes, looks away. The glimmer on his lashes might just be the lamplight. “It’s all right.”
Her hands clenched where they could reach, clutched and gripped shoulders, arms, and jaw, just on the edge of no longer gentle, seized in the grip of a fierce hunger.
John is afraid, uncertain. It is John who doesn’t know what to do, who is lost.
so close, so close, “Sherlock,
love Bond.”
On the fourth night they reached the point where up to now she would gently extricate herself and ease off, and tonight she just...didn’t.
Sherlock feels rather than sees the flick of a glance that John casts, sideways, up at his face. John’s hand slides, once, down towards his knee, and then back. He squeezes a little, hesitates, then says, “Is this—?”
The pleasure that shuddered through him was so much more than physical. He came, and gasped, and came, and somewhere in the middle of it he opened his eyes and saw Sherlock’s hand cradling him, smeared with his come, and the sight of it was so beautiful it almost hurt.
. No, more than that. It felt dangerous.
now. Far from done, far from
is where the greater bravery lies for John: Not in taking a rough touch and a hard, ramming cock—John is numb to ungentleness, he has seen so much of it—but in accepting a reverent hand, an ardent desire, and words that force him to see his own value.
“What—? Everyone.”
, with his gun, in charge, so it was perfectly safe to duck out from behind the bins and chase after the suspect as he rounded the corner of the alleyway.
“Sherlock, I want—” John brought his hands up to the top button of Sherlock’s grey shirt, kissing him hard as he undid button after button until the shirt hung open under the dressing gown, framing the beautiful smooth skin of his torso. John pushed at Sherlock, only a little, so he could see him properly, and took a moment to look his fill.
“That all of our trials were only the impenetrable but benevolent machinations of our special
John sits in his chair and
“Sir?” John kept his eyes on the desert sky, didn’t look back to see the tall figure framed in the doorway.
He bends, and unties his shoes again.
holy—and
There was asking and there was asking. John asked Sherlock things all the time:
John’s reflexes aren’t what they were, but he catches himself before he falls and gets himself steady on his feet, arms at the ready. “Do you mind telling me what the hell is going on?”
, Sherlock wonders?) He rises, and stands on the carpet in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock could admit that he was more than a little affected by that, too.
“I need –” and such is his agitation that he barely hesitates to say it out loud. “I need to see your body. I need to see you naked.”
, though. It looks almost as though he has something he wants to say, something he wants to tell Sherlock. But that is...unlikely. Improbable.
Sherlock's
John positioned herself between Sherlock’s legs and reached both hands up to her jaw (Sherlock’s own wetness smeared on her face.
was lost in a deep groan as Sherlock’s pelvis ground up into his own.
“I know that too, but forget him, John. Forget him.” He kisses the damp shoulder under his mouth. “This is ours. However we got here, this is ours.
and think Sherlock will accept it...but sentiment has always made John blind, fury above all.
They had not talked about this. They never talked about any of this, really. Sherlock had never asked John why he needed such explicit permissions, and John had never asked Sherlock if there was anything he particularly wanted, or wanted to avoid, and especially they both avoided any mention of previous experience or (god forbid) relationships, because that way lay madness.
Sherlock froze.
,” said Sherlock, darkly.
“Well, what did you think the tongs were for?”
long enough.
“Okay, hey, settle down. It’s all right. What can I do?”
He freezes. His eyes go wide in shock - this can’t, this isn’t even one of the possibilities, it is not merely improbable, but there it is, and he has spent so much time deducing John from how thoroughly he is shod that there can be no question, now, what this could mean, and no suppressing the deductions, which slam into his solar plexus and force his eyes to go wide with shock.
Sherlock was silent. They hadn’t discussed that night at all. That had suited him perfectly.
John twists around, peers at him, still smiling. “What point?”
—then the shipping yards. Other concerns faded into the background and he settled into the case with more relish even than usual.
John only looks at him for a long time, though, and does not accuse. After a long moment, he says, “I know I was – harsh. Before, when I told you I’m in love with you.”
“—and it feels good. Having someone inside you, someone you—”
. How can we be wrong about it?”
, John thought unkindly. But when Sherlock needed help, John helped him. He cleared his throat. “Me,” he said.
– for several minutes.
“What’s in the carton in the fridge? It’s dripping.”
Then John rolled his hips, and there was no more grinning.
John stares at him from the doorway. He turns, looks over his shoulder, down the stairs—surely he won’t leave now? But no, he nods once and moves, step by careful step, back to his chair. Frowns.
Much later, when they lay together, John’s head resting on Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock drew his fingers back and forth over the skin on John’s shoulder, skirting the scar, and said, as before, “You really don’t know.”
John stirs, wary again. “Is that what?”
“Yeah,” Sherlock said. “And now can we please stop thinking?”
“You need to check if my real naked body matches the picture you have of it, in your mind. The very detailed picture you have, in your mind, of my naked body.” John has no problem with repetition.
And Sherlock would stay home alone, with everything that led to. Better an eternity of diligent, arduous topping, and have John stay. He allowed himself a moment’s regret for the vision of craggy hands dark on white skin, for a slow slide, almost like care. Then discarded it. “It’s still no.”
(Sherlock had told her, once, laughingly, that it reminded her of the movement of the metal claw inside the machine at the supermarket that reaches down to grasp a toy, and John had been distracted by the image of her own hand on the joystick, guiding the claw down to scrape lightly up the sides of Sherlock’s breast.)
“Unless I what?
, he was not prepared at all for the feeling of Sherlock’s mouth on his throat and the feeling of those long fingers
. Sherlock’s lips were warm on his, and gentle, for all the frenzy of their lunge across the room, and the clutching grip of his fingers in John's hair. The contrast of it, the feeling of Sherlock’s shoulders drawn up, his arms taut, his whole body propelling itself into this kiss, even his jaw locked and clenched, while his lips were soft, sweet, taking in John’s mouth in a slow, deliberate press-and-taste, savouring. For all the recklessness of this embrace, Sherlock kissed him carefully, as if kissing John...mattered.
John snorts. “Right.”
She stirred faintly, and tried to speak, but John said, “Shhh, darling,” and smoothed her hair, and tucked the duvet up around her shoulders, and when she slid into bed behind her some minutes later, Sherlock barely moved.
“That we are...that we are
John open, no lube, no prep. Again, on the razor-fine line between rough and painful. “You’re going to take it.”
or her mouth just
he is motionless, frozen.
John continues as if he hasn’t heard. “I saw your face. You were wondering if that was how I think, if that’s what I think of
get off. It’s time to go to sleep.”
They were already so close. Their mouths - almost nothing had to change for them to meet.
nicely,
. No one knew how it worked; you just stayed out of that not-quite-real space where fic took place, and it happened...someplace else. Mycroft once let slip that it happened, instead, to another version of you, one that was willing, but that made no sense and John was happier letting it be. “You can just...stay out of it.” That much at least he understood.
By this time, they’d been…
The shuddering, eclipsing shame didn’t come until later.
“Oh, you do?”
It was
In that moment of stillness, everything is possible. John could shout, or flee, or—as with any divine vision too holy to be real—vanish altogether. (Sherlock does not believe in divinity or holiness, but he wishes distantly that he’d washed his hands and feet.)
the deep groan that wrung out of Sherlock’s mouth sent such a spike of response through John’s whole body that he thought he might just come right there, fully dressed and thrusting on the muscle of his thigh.
Openness. When there were so many things he was trying to keep closed.
and refuse to be said.
know about porny one-shots?”
The aftermath of John's unexpected love confession.
For a long moment it was only gasping and shuddering and the pounding of his own heart in his ears before he registered the low, soothing voice crooning—
“Yeah.”
John gave Sherlock the space of a few panting breaths to recover, lying beside her and kissing her mouth, her cheek, her eyelids. She knew she would run out of time to play with Sherlock’s breasts, that oversensitivity would set in after a while, but she thought that if she did not overdo it, she might have at least until Sherlock’s next orgasm.
“And you always see everything anyway.” Wry and resentful. Eyes still shut.
“Well.” John’s breathy laugh tickles Sherlock’s hair. “I’m glad you… I wouldn’t have, it wasn’t what I thought – I wouldn’t have known to do that. I wouldn’t have imagined.”
“Not sure I want you back in the bed, to be honest.” Mary came out of the bathroom and pulled back the covers—on the right side, which was her side now, apparently. “Got kind of used to it just being me, my pillows, and my gigantic belly.”
, together, the slow build having gathered strength without seeming to until all at once—
. “Sherlock!” he gasped, and again, “Sherlock!” because it was the only word he could say without betraying himself completely.
John had—with permission—opened up Sherlock’s shirt and had stroked lazy circles through the fuzz around his navel. He’d kissed along the trail his fingers had traced, lipping through the hair, using the slight prehensility of his upper lip to nuzzle the soft skin, making Sherlock squirm and giggle. Bit by bit, he’d kissed up Sherlock’s abdomen and followed the ridge of the bottom of his ribcage to his sternum, up, and outwards again.
“You were going to say that you’re very lucky to have me, and I agree.”
Oh, god, John
Sitting room, finally. Coat, jacket, cuffs, buttons, shoes, trousers, Christ, there were a lot of clothes. “Off, off, off. Get them off. Fuck, John, hurry up. Get yours off too.”
When John – the real John – is down to his pants, Sherlock stops him. “Wait.”
Heat flared in his cheeks. “I’d prefer it if you could shut up now.”
They just wanted him to get his priorities right. Get them
John startles when Sherlock lays hands on him, one violent jerk of his body, before he is still. For the space of a breath, two breaths, three, no one moves.
A direct order.
“And what did you think had happened?”
, he said
“All right, then.” John tossed his sheaf of papers onto the side table and sat down heavily in his chair. “What kind is it, then?”
John nods tightly but doesn’t speak.
And Sherlock’s thighs closed around her head,
“Naturally. Next time is all about me.”
“Yeah.” John does not raise his read, and he’s not sure what he’s giving assent to. Perhaps just responding to his name.
“What if...what?”
“Would you like me to take them off?”
“You lot are fucking soldiers,” the man said. “You know what I mean. It’s just not something you do if you’re a man.”
And just like that, he names the feeling, gripping his chest and pulsing behind his eyes. It is
Soft and pliable, elbows out to allow Sherlock to unbutton his shirt, back arched to allow his fingers to play across John’s chest, whatever Sherlock wanted, and when Sherlock’s fingers roamed down over the soft skin of John’s belly, and lower, and traced the outline of his hard prick inside his trousers, he shivered and trembled under the touch, but spread his thighs wide.
A shrug, quite an expressive one. Probably Sherlock. “I forget sometimes.”
“I agree.”
John looked at her for a long moment. “Are you
Let me - give me this.”
“Now?” Sherlock asks, in spite of himself. Parroting.
was still a little risky.
It was all Sherlock needed. Her soft lips closed around John’s full clit, and the end of her tongue came to rest, barely, on the tip. John’s whole body snapped taut at the contact. Sherlock held her every nerve between her lips, kept them steady with the lightest touch of tongue, held them poised and trembling with anticipation.
” And he stops here. He can only be so honest.
, just inside…One rock of her wrist, one more –
“—fucking
“But you do.”
They have come to a place where they can pause, where they can rest.
Half a grin and half a nod from John, and they were kissing again, and this time it was not Sherlock pushing and John yielding, but both of them reaching, grasping. At last, at
“Yea—what?”
you’re the best man. Ever. Every...everything a good person should be. And if you give me your arse, and your—your trust...
“What the fuck did you just say to me?” John hadn’t even turned around yet.
“John – I know it’s absurd, I see that now – but
quickly, if John caught a glimpse of just how much
“Making sure I have it all." Sherlock ticks off the items on an invisible list. "You're in love with me. You thought I knew. I didn't, and you’re sorry. That’s fine. You’ve delivered your message, and your apology – which must have been difficult, seeing as you didn’t have time to
“It’s not—It’s not what I expected.”
of fabric.
At last, he moves. There is nothing for it. If John will stay seated, staring at Sherlock’s chair, then Sherlock must sit there, and see if it helps. If John has something he wants to say, he wants to say it to Sherlock
“You and Sherlock were so close. You’re still mourning. That’s all right. We don’t have to do this yet. Maybe you just aren’t ready.”
(See the end of the chapter for
is wrapped around John’s wrists now, snug, firm, holding John’s arms above her head.
as he was. Determined and forceful.
“Look, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it, before. Forgive me. I was being—I was angry too.”
, for Sherlock to lean over and gather John’s lips in under her own, and for John to let her mouth go soft, to allow Sherlock to lick and taste. It is right for Sherlock to draw her hand up and down John’s body, tracing little circles on neutral skin, belly and sides, and around the outsides of her breasts, brushing the sides where they swell softly, but nothing more, and it is right for John to twist a little into the touch, encouraging more frequent brushes, getting used to the feel of being touched, and then liking it, and then
“Well, then. Um. Thank you. Again. And I...I promise I’ll do better. Next time.”
"And bollocksed it up rather spectacularly, yes."
It began unexpectedly, coming back into the flat after a case. John had been oddly silent in the cab, and Sherlock could tell there was…
“Shh, don’t interrupt.” Sherlock takes his thumb and forefinger and presses the aperture of John’s foreskin together so it flattens out. “Look, it’s a mouth.” He kisses the ‘lips’. John giggles again.
“And you were…”
Sherlock shows him hands, and touching, fingers and palms, sliding along jaws and down shoulders, over biceps and up thighs. He shows him the bold press of a large hand on the tight bulge in his trousers, meeting him thrust for thrust as he arches into the touch.
like this. A larger part of him was thankful to have the solid support of the door at his back, because having Sherlock breathing in the scent of him and looking at him like, like—like
He hadn’t stopped thinking about it since the other night.
“No.”
“Shh. Not done yet.”)
Matthew 28:9 "...And they came and held him by the feet, and worshipped him."
He sits, body straight, hands on knees, bare feet pressed to the carpet. He swallows, and looks up.
One more week of hiding.
Sherlock did not need to be driven. Her arousal had its own momentum tonight.
. “That John Watson does not need some idiot down the pub to tell him what it means to be a man.”
And then it is all soft encouragement and gentle hands, murmurs of
“A..?” Greg’s face cleared. “Oh, is someone writing a story?”
“Yeah. Are you okay? Did he—?”
“You’re in danger around me, always. I’ve ruined everything else I love, everything, and I can’t—”
He could feel Sherlock's gaze drilling into the side of his head. He needed to look up. He had to. In another moment he would. The longer he waited, the more he damned himself, and it was probably, almost definitely, certainly, too late.
Bible references, all from the King James Version:
Very gently, James said, “Watson…” and John dropped his eyes.
That's how the light gets in.
Once again, Sherlock’s hips began to move, but whereas before she’d been thrusting against the tip of John’s finger, now she was thrusting into her
smile, the look of a Sherlock who was simply, brilliantly,
“Or love?”
Or, another time, settling down on her belly between Sherlock’s spread thighs, an arm wrapped around each hip, drawing out orgasm after orgasm with her mouth, each one unique, with its own particular...tone. She kept track:
didn’t.”
“Neither am I. I’ve been thinking about that a lot. Thinking about how much either of us really knows him.”
It felt so good. John closed his eyes. “No, I—no, stop. I’m not. I’m not that guy. I don’t, I don’t know how to be.”
“Oh, god.” It was wonderful, and John feels perfect, exactly as she is. Her eyes close, and she murmurs, “Another one like that might kill me.”
“It’s not obvious to me. Seriously, how do you know?”
To offer up something that is precious, and thereby make it holy.
Sherlock doesn’t respond. What can he say? Instead he places another careful row of kisses up to the base of John’s neck. He slides his left hand off John’s shoulder, under his arm and across his chest. His splayed fingers reach to John’s other shoulder and he uses his grip to cradle John against his own chest. Supporting him.
“No.”
said Sherlock, having none of her deflection. “Exactly that.
“Are you a poet now?” John goes for levity, but in fact she is quite affected.
John’s senses were by now so saturated, her nerves so lax that she barely trembled, only smiled, soft and brilliant, eyes closed and face aglow. “Mmmm, that’s nice.”
It was just after the first shots rang out, after John had barrelled into Sherlock from behind and threw him behind some bins.
(Did he? Why did he? Why not just say yes, then?
John has said he is sorry, and John has meant it. Sherlock is certain of that much at least. John began this…what? Altercation. Confrontation. Conversation? He began it angry and resentful. Bristling. Bitter. Now his eyes are wide and staring, his face gone slack with dismay.
“So’re you,” John slurred, still not opening her eyes. She stretched contentedly under the ghost of Sherlock’s touch, groggy with pleasure. “You could do that to me all night.”
(He is not even sure he wants to have sex with Sherlock, wants the awkward fumbling of limbs and hands, the bashing of knees, the fluids and the noises. He’s had that kind of sex before, and he can’t seem to reconcile the awkward struggles with the give of the mattress and the tangle of covers with the sharp, soaring desire he feels for Sherlock.)
“Shut it.”
God, the desire was set to drive him mad, the want that took up the whole of his consciousness so that it was all he could do to keep his face bland and carry out the simplest of his everyday tasks and routines amid the ringing clamour of
Sherlock’s face was
John with his endless crippling
Sherlock shows himself to John, and sees John in return. They stare and stare. And this, oddly, is sweet as well. The word keeps presenting itself.
it was exquisite, this finely-drawn tension, this trembling on the threshold, and John succumbed to it completely. He could not properly open his eyes, they were heavy and slack, but it didn’t matter; Sherlock was kissing him. All John had to do was let him.
“Oh, but you’ll
When Sherlock didn’t answer right away, John looked over and studied him more closely. He had not changed position and there was nothing in his posture that gave him away, but John knew many of his tells by now, and he could see the dip of his chin and the flush on his ears. He began to have certain...suspicions.
“Mmm, yeah.”
Sherlock could barely prevent himself from arching his back and pressing his arse into John’s hands (
That’s not—”
She responded with a gentle hum and pressed her body against his, and he was so grateful that she’d waited until he was hard to do that, so grateful that his body had finally awoken only seconds before he’d have been caught.
He begins to address John’s penis somewhat regularly, simple greetings (“Hello, little penis, what shall we do together today?”) and observations (“John has been ogling my arse since breakfast, little penis, what do you suppose he wants?”) or running commentary (“Oh, you like that, do you, little penis? So do I. Don’t tell John.”), whatever crosses his mind. John puts up with it for a short while, but eventually protests, though he must first stop laughing to do so.
“But it’s completely absurd!” Sherlock looked genuinely upset.
He was every bit as raw and open as he’d imagined himself at his most terrified. His leg was crooked over John’s shoulder, his hair was sweaty and tangled, and his hand scrabbled desperately at the bedsheets. He had no control over the sounds he was making, the harsh panting, the grunts that were almost sobs, or the his own frantic moans that gradually rose in pitch and volume until they were high, keening wails, inarticulate but for his futile attempts to form John’s name with his dry mouth, stretched wide.
Then Sherlock claimed him, and it was glorious: face in hands and tongue in mouth and body crushing his onto the unmoving door behind him, Sherlock’s erection prominent against John’s body. His mouth, his mouth was everywhere, on John’s face and along his jaw and buried in his neck, licking and biting, with only John’s skin to muffle his groans.
As if John can feel at all comfortable like
Sherlock didn’t take his eyes off of John for an instant, but John moved faster than his eye could follow. The next instant, the gun was on the ground once again and the murderer was up against the wall with John’s forearm pressed against his throat.
“I believe you. But...we just...let them do it.”
His mouth makes a brisk pop before he speaks. “Is that it?” He makes an expansive, inquiring gesture with his hands.
Sherlock smiled a little at that. They did tend to misuse the word
“Forever. Forever?”
“Don’t sound so surprised. But if you like that, I’m just going to try something a little bit…”
Sherlock had breathed,
“Then what’s the problem?” Stiff. Indifference was better than panic. He avoided John’s eye.
“It’s not.”
“At first I thought—”
“I know.” John's voice is harsh. “I know you do, just—”
“Then what is it?”
“Well?” Greg smiled blandly. “Happens to us all. You’ll hardly remember it tomorrow. What’s the problem?”
full and a little messy, and so soft.
” John groans under the rough treatment but meets the thrusts. “You’re a goddamn miracle. You know. You
of a cap, an absurd, viscous noise—then the glide of slick fingers, from the top of his cleft to the tip of his cock, passing over his tight opening without pausing. Warm wetness encircled his prick at the squeeze of John’s fingers, and his head fell back on the bed at the slow rise and fall of John’s fist.
“Shit!” John sat up. “The one-shot!”
John nodded once and lowered his eyes to his steaming mug.
John's turn. She's earned it.
Within seconds of his arrival at the flat tonight, Sherlock formed several theories as to why John might be waiting in his chair at Baker Street, and narrowed it down to three before he finished taking off his coat. The final conclusion depended on what shoes John was wearing, and how they were tied.
John thinks of their shining faces and hopes this is true.
, Sherlock. On its own, it doesn’t.” John raised his head, took his hand. Looked at him. “It’s not the sex, Sherlock. It’s
Possibly. Probably. Almost certainly. He narrowed his eyes. “No.”
“That's not—” Sherlock stopped, then took another shaky breath and said, softly, “I've just, just learned not to hope for it.”
He doesn’t know
“Tell me you want this.” There was no doubt in John’s voice, there was hardly even a question. He spoke the words as if they were a command, and was waiting for it to be obeyed.
John has been afraid to make this offer to Sherlock. It isn’t a
scrawled along the curve of a long white throat, etched in the span of an arched back, scribed between spread and trembling thighs, the ink still wet and glistening.
He pauses, listening.
John said, again, softly, “Not this.”
“It was…
. No, no,
shut.
“Fuck, yes. Everything. All the fucking
He means it sardonically, but even as he says it, he knows. He knows why John is so sure.
Sherlock huffed a startled laugh. “Yes,” he said. “Mine, too.”
(In spite of the position he has taken in this argument -
“You’re doing it admirably right now.”
He takes the time to remove all of his clothing, though. He doesn't want to be stood there with his trousers around his ankles, nor stuck having to hold the tails of his shirt aside to be able to see the place where his cock disappears into Sherlock’s plush, upside-down mouth, and into his long white throat.
“Johnny…” Her voice was soft, enticing. Her hands were
like this somehow, broader. He had to stretch up to reach Sherlock’s mouth, and their hips did not align when they tried to grind together, far from it, but John nevertheless managed to occupy all the space around Sherlock. That, and the aggressive swell of his lats and deltoids made Sherlock feel…not trapped, exactly, or not in a bad way. Enclosed, though.
John wasted no more time, but reached across and opened Sherlock’s trousers. He took Sherlock’s unabated erection in his hand, and it was
John’s fingers were still lingering, with little fluttering touches. It felt…well, it felt really, really good, and really, really terrifying, and it was altogether
There was a pause. Sherlock still didn’t answer. John said, “Why is all of this about being penetrated? Is that what you want?”
that went into this one detail – there was no way he had got it wrong.
"It's
“Liar,” John shoots back. His emotional moment has passed and he’s all fury and righteousness again, gripping Sherlock’s wrists and dragging him towards the bed. “You were wondering if I don’t think you’re a proper man because I fuck you, because you take my cock up your arse and you love it, and you’re worried that makes me think you’re less of a man.” His legs hit the bed and he clambers onto it without looking, kneeling up, still not releasing his hold on Sherlock’s arms. “And that’s bullshit, Sherlock, it’s bullshit. You are a
from any other lover, and even Sherlock, at the start, enough -
The tip of Sherlock’s finger comes to rest right at the center of John’s hole. “I’m not a soldier, John. I’m not.” He presses, ever so slightly. “But I know what a man is.”
Coming up behind Sherlock and wrapping her arms around her waist, naked, her own irrelevant breasts pressed firmly to Sherlock’s back. The palm of her right hand sliding over Sherlock’s ribs, crossing the smooth plane of her belly before moving upwards to cup her breast—only one breast, in
Her breath came out in a small gasp. If Sherlock liked the delicate, barely-there touches of tongue, John liked the firm strokes, wide and messy.
Sherlock turns his head as well, and sees John’s smile, full on. He’s so close. Sherlock could… Sherlock
“John?” His voice was soft, uncertain. He told himself it did not tremble.
Even as she recovered, Sherlock did not stir, did not move to raise her body and try to reciprocate, and for this John was grateful. Sherlock was more than capable of intense generosity in bed, but at the moment, with Sherlock’s body the way it was, pulsating with arousal, the only thing for either of them to do was to see it through. If she were to attempt to turn the tables now, out of some misguided sense of mutuality, the entire build-up they’d worked for would be lost.
He has imagined John, though he is small, with an expanded chest and a proud cock, brash and bold and assured, taking up all the space in the room, wrapping his confidence around Sherlock, drawing him along. He imagined that, of the two of them, John would be the one who would
“No one. Are you trying to put me off, Watson?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, but it was true.
“How do you want to lie?”
John’s beautiful body. John’s dear, beautiful body. He smiled, in spite of his tension. “Extraordinary, isn’t it?”
He’s sitting in his chair. He’s been sitting there for somewhere between one (the cover askew) and three (when Sherlock was last there) hours.
, and Sherlock has defused and diffused the energy under his skin, discharged it onto John’s face and through his hair, and John’s skin is fitting properly again, and the fog is gone, and John is not overwhelmed or put off by Sherlock’s effusiveness, and Sherlock is not irked by John’s need (need, proper
“Eventually, yes.”
One look at Sherlock’s swollen lips and flushed cheeks told her that Sherlock was ready for anything.
But this, somehow, was more than his courage could bear.
Then Sherlock shifted her hand so that her thumb pressed directly on John’s plump clitoris, and at the same time curled her fingers just
. He kept his eyes on Sherlock, much longer than usual social norms allowed, apparently waiting for a penny to drop, but John knew better. For all that the idea of having sex—not sex, but sex-in-fic, which was different—with a stranger was distasteful to him, Sherlock could at least conceive of it. But he couldn’t with John. No, John couldn’t even have that much.
She raised her body slightly, backing off the pressure.
“Sherlock, I’m ready. I’m ready, we can start.”
He took a deep breath, his face still pressed to Sherlock’s neck. “Yes.
Afterwards, after the kissing, John sat them both on the sofa. He took one of Sherlock’s hands in both of his. His intention was clear; they were going to Talk.
John adored this, this whole…everything. With Sherlock. When both of them were simply
She left them alone for now, trailing her hand up and down Sherlock’s side, then lower, over her hip to her thigh, drawing little circles with her fingertips. Sherlock’s muscle tensed, and John changed from light touches to deeper massage, taking in the whole muscle into the motion.
“No, I’m fucking not. What I am is forty-one years old and able to choose my own goddamn clothes.”
that’s right. Now the whole hand again.” And she was once again resting in Sherlock’s palm, rocking and thrusting to meet her firm strokes.
of the addressing.”
Always she managed to avoid Sherlock’s, to sidle away, to shift a little further, and then busy herself with Sherlock’s pleasure so it wasn’t obvious that she was avoiding her touch. Once, when she was sleepy afterwards, Sherlock reached for her and she noticed too late and it was obvious when she
“I –” There is nothing left to hide, though. “I don’t know yet.” John understands immediately.
Why indeed?)
, and lets himself drop onto Sherlock’s restraining arm as he rocks against Sherlock’s thrusts.
, he didn’t want to lose it. “I know, I know, but please. Please don’t—” John didn’t know what he was asking, what he was saying, but he wasn’t letting go. “Come back, please, god, Sherlock, come—” He could hear his own voice, knew he was not making sense. He stumbled into silence, but held on tight with both arms. He met Sherlock’s eyes and let him read it in his face.
Also,
“No. Though I did have ample opportunity to observe those other…attitudes, as you call them. More than sufficient to deduce them from this distance, since any closer would have been unwise.”
It was, after all, exactly everything John wanted too.
Fumbling, eager hands and panting, ravenous mouths. The fall of bodies, naked at last, onto the bed, the grasping of fingers.
“Yeah, I do.” John sniffed, still smiling. “And it has fuck all to do with my arse, which I know, because I’m a fucking soldier.” Sherlock was already shrugging into his coat by this time, and wasn’t expecting John’s parting words: “I’m done. I’m taking my boyfriend home. If I’m lucky he’ll fuck me.” With that, John calmly knocked back the last of his drink, nodded coldly to the other men at the table, and guided Sherlock towards the door. He did not look back. He did not hurry.
“Well. Yes. I’ve been stuck with that, too.”
Either option—screw up his courage and do it, or continue to refuse with no explanation—made things problematic, which likely spelled the end of their new-found intimacy. Perhaps their friendship as well.
The shoulders are muscled and freckled, darker on the top, pale and pitted where the bullet pierced him. The chest, the colour of the skin, the coarse hair, all exactly as they should be. The flat belly, fuzzy, a little soft, the swell at the sides just above the waistband of the pants. There is nothing that Sherlock has not imagined, and every detail is, in reality, exactly as he had imagined.
John flattened herself into Sherlock’s palm and rocked out her orgasm in wave after wave after wave.
John waits.
of the facts, if you would only stop panicking and
The floor is hard and the angles difficult, but they turn and twist their bodies, seeking contact where they can.
fucktoy.”
...to receive such a offering from Sherlock.
and it was exactly as he had imagined it.
The broadest grin yet, wide and luminous. “Yeah. I’ve known that for a while.”
“What, um...what happened while you were away?”
,” Sherlock snapped. “I just don’t see how this could possibly apply to us!”
“That wasn’t...that wasn’t wrong. That was...that was perfect, actually. Exactly right.”
The silence stretched then, and after several seconds John forced herself to look up at Sherlock, who was frozen where she stood, there in front of the sofa, her eyes wide, her mouth agape, clearly in the grip of some strong...idea.
“No? Then who’s feeling the pain?”
Sherlock said, “It crossed yours.”
“It was agony.”
With Sherlock there, looking at her. Just looking. Exposed to those eyes that notice everything, with no way to hide.
request would come, like a kick in the chest.
to, to have Sherlock be savagely, ruthlessly
else.
Sherlock can almost ignore the wrongness, though, because John like this is also
“Oh! That’s a humpback, I’m sure of it! Look, John, over there!” Sarah, flushed and joyful, grasped his arm and pointed, pulling him to the rail. They had to stand close together in the crowd, but John certainly didn’t mind.
Sherlock holds his breath.
Sherlock knows he hasn’t got this wrong, this much at least. He resists. He
Her wide-open eyes were trained on Sherlock’s face, what she could see of it, what wasn’t buried and obscured in the folds of John’s labia.
, though?”
of him…
Sherlock complied eagerly, pulling back her arm to draw her fingertips over and around John’s clit, letting the small, swollen mound slip and roll between them. She turned her hand over and grasp John’s sensitive nub lightly,
his body, chasing the sensations of his cock against Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock.” A note of steel has crept into John’s voice.
Now John was sure that Sherlock was doing it on purpose.
, the slide of it, the taste of his voice, the very scent of him. Their mingled skins, tactile, wet, warm. John ran the tip of his tongue up the seam of Sherlock’s lips, feeling the exact line where the velvet became silk.
“I know,” John says. John does know.
But if he opened himself up to John, what else might be exposed?
and she could feel the release between her legs -
With every stroke of Sherlock’s long fingers, John’s breathing settled, until the desperate gasps gave way to shattered panting, and finally to long, slow, quavering breaths. She came back to herself enough to focus on Sherlock’s words:  “You did it, you incredible woman, you did it.”
see his masterfulness, his righteousness.
“No.”
Sherlock had come twice already, two rolling, tidal orgasms that had risen slowly and crested with a surge of power. She lay there now, letting the last waves wash over her as the intensity of her climax ebbed.
one-shot, John. Happy?”
“John?” John
But it had felt dangerous.)
John moaned, deep in her throat, and pressed her breasts up into Sherlock’s hands.
And he smiled at her. Then he finally, finally silenced the voice in his head and gave Sarah two solid orgasms before she rolled off him, drowsy and sated.
Yes. But still painful.
The spell breaks quietly, gradually. John stirs, that is all. Sherlock can feel the difference in his body, from before, when he was frozen, to now, when he is merely still. But then he does move, he moves one arm, and in another moment his hand settles.
to Sherlock, alone in all the world.
John was precise in his onslaught. There were no teasing touches with lip or tongue to start with, no feather-light pecks or sips; no, rather, he pressed right in, tilted Sherlock’s mouth open—Sherlock’s
But Sherlock was there, to help her down, with gentle hands stroking up over her hips from behind, supporting her back at the waist as she rolled them both over and eased John down to the pillow beside her.
, why won’t you—”
Sod that. Instinct kicks in and he bends his body and hooks his foot, breaking the hold, and taking his assailant down in the same motion. He is not entirely surprised to see that his “assailant” is, in fact, his flatmate, looking only slightly nonplussed.
Another long moment passes.
“You’re not. Do
(All from two bodies already so close but not quite touching.)
He’s sure it must be visible to Sherlock, this yearning. He feels it like a fog around his body, making all his edges blurry. It is almost tangible; of course Sherlock can see it.
uncomfortable, and John could be distracted by the taste of a long-desired mouth or the feel of smooth skin for a while, but his cock was full and hard and he
Joyful. There is a tremble in John’s lips as he kisses and it is
This was
any longer. He says, “I’ve got bare feet.”
“Then why don’t you let me...drive, for a bit?”
he’d said. It was not at all what John thought Sherlock ought to want but then John had shown himself time and again to be completely unqualified to make good decisions when it came to Sherlock so maybe it was time to just...give in. And give him everything he wanted.
Sherlock stops there, for now, and instead moves up John’s body to rest his head on his partner’s chest, and allows John to idle through his curls as they both doze off. This was by far the silliest he has ever been in bed, and he observes with bemused interest that he
There was silence, then, settling over them, filling the space between them. Sherlock had no immediate reply, but he stood there and searched John’s face. John forced himself, with difficulty, to return his gaze; perhaps that way he would read the sincerity of John’s plea.
to say it next time.”
John narrows his eyes suspiciously. “What, exactly, do you see?”
“We’re not…Just—give me the bloody shirts.”
The backs of his knuckles brush John’s bollocks and rake lightly over his perineum as Sherlock drags his hand and wrist deeply through John’s cleft. He puts in some upward pressure on the next thrust and grins in secret triumph when John lowers his body ever so slightly to meet the push and to grind against his wrist. Without warning, he turns his hand over again and unerringly sinks his middle finger into John’s body to the first knuckle.
Watson, I love you.” And then, because he can’t see how a fourth time could do any harm, once the spell is uttered, he says it again. “I love you too.”
“Yes.”
With each other, it is different. Everything is different. They’ll realise it, by and by.
What should they do with this wreckage? John came to Sherlock with his love only when he had lost everything else. The rubble has not been cleared. The dust has barely settled. By any reckoning, this is not a solid foundation upon which to build anything at all, not if they expect it to last.
“So,” John said, with another little laugh. “He must be the version that always says yes. For all the other Gregs.”
Sherlock feels his weight settle.
And his accomplice stepping out behind Sherlock to block the exit.
But it was also—Sherlock could admit in the confines of his own mind—harrowing. To be responsible for John in this way, to be responsible for his pleasure, for his well-being.
, but John’s head dropped low and his shoulders bowed and he came, hard, over Sherlock’s hand, the sheets, and his own downy belly.
Sherlock looked at him then. That is, he’d been looking over at him on and off for the whole discussion, but John knew without needing to see it the exact moment when the casual glance sharpened, focused. Sherlock
Of course she noticed.
A twist to John’s smile. “Still being here.” He meets Sherlock’s eyes, straight on. “Yeah. Um. Thank you for still being here.”
He lines himself up and pushes all the way in.
“What wasn’t?” Sherlock’s voice, lazy and still deep with satisfaction.
was wet and toothy, his
“What is it?” came Sherlock's sleepy voice.
“John? I -” What could he say? “Did I get it wrong?”
Everything about Sherlock was
He blinked twice, and would have kept blinking, except that just then John twisted his scissoring fingers and
and John began to speed up, ever so slightly.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was strangely soft.
He was looking at John like John was
this, could have it without...without risking exposure.
“Are you sure?” They have talked about this for days, researched and read and negotiated. Sherlock knows what she will say.
Mary giggled coyly as he pressed her back into the mattress. “Ooh, Doctor Watson, please be gentle with me.”
“When what? When...what? For God’s sake, don’t stop now. Worth it when what?”
Exodus 3:5 "And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground."
It was definitely broken. There was a crunch, and a spurt of blood. Sherlock saw it all as if from a great distance.
, I’m not fucking
“What?” Startled. “No, sir. Why?”
for two short thrusts of his fingers, giving them a twist on the way in, for emphasis.
Neither of them knew exactly how they crossed the space between them, with the coffee table and the desk to be got around, John trailing junk mail and stray envelopes and slipping on them in his haste, Sherlock toppling his laptop onto the floor and getting tangled in the cord, but whatever mad scramble was needed to get them into each other's arms in the shortest time possible, they got there, and then stood together, breathing hard and each clutching the other's face, eyes searching desperately for some sign that this was real.
