"Bullshit," Tony said with a surprising amount of fervor. "I've seen the pictures. I would have cuddled the fuck out of skinny little Stevie Rogers. Someone would have snapped you up unless everyone back then was stupidly blind and ignorant."
, Tony, and not a gallery either) he never let his face drop into the scowl Tony was so used to seeing. His own grin was stretched from ear to ear, and there was a warm, happy feeling in the region of his heart that he couldn't force himself to ignore. So what if he was being emotional? Captain America wanted to be his friend. Howard Stark could suck it.
Also school started back up, which is a yay! But towards the end of October they changed my placement, taking me out of the two classrooms I was working in and moving me to the other classroom in the grade level so I could help out there, which boo. I've been super busy, but finally got up the gumption and energy to finish this.
When he rolled to the right to haul himself out of bed, he saw that some thoughtful soul (Tiny Adorable Steve, no doubt) had left a glass of water and a few painkillers on the nightstand for him. From the color and imprint, he could tell they were the kind that wouldn't ease his pain as much but would leave him clear-headed instead of groggy and disoriented. He'd need all his wits about him to spar verbally with Shellhead and Lokes, so he was thankful for the choice Steve had made for him.
"Tony!" Why there was that harsh bark of authority in Rogers' voice he wasn't sure. The guy was still bleeding on his patched-up suit and had very obviously taken a beating at Steve's hands. There was also a pretty awful looking burn high on the man's right cheek that he really shouldn't be proud of but was. He wasn't coming out on top here, so Tony didn't know why he was trying to sound like he was in charge. "What the hell is going on?"
The gym at SHIELD had been a refuge, the only place he could find even the slightest hint of peace. He'd still hated it, mostly because he could tell it was a gym meant pretty much only for him. They'd stripped it of everything 'modern' and replaced it all with stuff he'd been familiar with already. Maybe it was supposed to be a kindness, but all it had done was make him remember. He'd keep right on remembering and hating Fury for it until he was deep into his workout. Four or five punching bags in, Steve would briefly be able to
“Done, Sir. Captain Rogers’ elevator has been slowed enough to delay his arrival by twelve seconds, which puts him almost a full twenty away. Do try and breathe Sir.”
While it's nice to see such a unified front, I have to say... I'm still unconvinced about this particular vote. I don't know that the Rogue Avengers should be allowed to come back. Maybe once the legal kerfuffle settles down and they're back on American soil they'll sit down for an interview with me to try and change my mind.
Lunch was a pretty big affair - Viz brought Rhodey down every day and Pepper joined them whenever she could. Laney and Harley's mother - Alicia - were usually there as well. Sometimes the afternoon saw them all parting, sometimes they watched movies together, and occasionally he browsed college courses with Alicia. They were both thinking about doing some classes online now that they had the luxury of time.
"Babe? Chill. Drink your coffee." Shellhead turned piercing blue eyes his way, and Tony swallowed reflexively. "Would you come if we asked? If... when the Thanos of our world comes knocking, would you help us?"
Wanda was less than happy when Strange got her attention and beckoned to the building. "Why should I?" she demanded while taking a step back. "Is this one of Stark's ideas? We were promised he was no longer in charge--" Tony couldn't help but let out a bark of laughter at the idea that he had
He got it. Honestly the sight of the red, white and blue paint made him want to be sick. All he could picture in his mind was the moment a shield just like it had slammed down into his lover's chest and landed him in intensive care. He would have been happy to never see it again; he could only imagine what Tony was thinking.
"Captain, Ms. Potts would like me to assure you that the doors will open in a little less than an hour. She offers her sincerest apologies for Sir."
Because of their relationship - the one they've never officially acknowledged but haven't done much to hide either - Tony Stark was also present during my interview with the elusive hero. In fact, he was alone in the living room when I arrived, sprawled on one couch with his trademark sunglasses nowhere in sight. He was dressed more comfortably than I've ever seen him, including bare feet and a bit of scruff surrounding his usually immaculate beard.
Eventually his princess had enough of that and climbed to her feet before making her way over to the genius. He watched as Tony tensed up more and more with every step she took... but he also didn't run away. He just watched her with that same guarded hope, and it was just about enough to break Steve's heart. He wondered if young Tony hadn't tried to bring home a stray or two only to have it taken away because pets weren't allowed at the Stark household. He wondered again what had happened to the metal substitutes Rhodey had mentioned, and he knew that Tony hadn't been avoiding her because he didn't want a dog or because he didn't care about her.
"I"m not supposed to go anywhere with strangers. Mr. Doctor Strange didn't give me a choice though." She craned her whole body around to scowl at the man, and Tappy even shook one tiny, furry little fist. He quickly broke into a coughing fit to keep from laughing. "So I probably shouldn't go with you even if it does sound nice."
"In fact, he'll probably be happy to have a pretty thing like you living at the tower with us. I think maybe he always wanted a dog too, so he'll probably spoil you rotten. Most all of the kids we've got are boys'n Nat only calls me pops when she wants something. It'll be nice to have a girl in the mix, I think. You'll be our little princess." Responding to his tone, she wagged her tail the smallest bit. It was hard not to fall all over himself in happiness, but he did his best to channel all that giddy joy into his voice while keeping his body relaxed. "That's right. You'll be our little princess and we'll take such good care of you sweetheart. All I need is for you to let me take you home. I'll call in a vet - Tony'll probably make sure it's the best one money can get. He's like that, your ma. Future. Maybe."
Here it is! :D Between dog-sitting an incredibly needy, slightly annoying dog and work I didn't get this up as quickly as I needed it, but here it is! :D
"I didn't know how to fix it," Steve said, eyes frank and fixed on his. "Still don't really know if you wanna. But I do, Tony. So maybe you could start with my name and come eat some tacos with me? I won't tell anybody about your dancing if you do."
Good morning Ms. Potts. Thank you for making the time to meet with me today. I understand you have a busy--
STAR didn't answer verbally, but her location did flare brightly on the UI of his suit. She was hovering around Tiny Adorable Steve, of course, doing her part in that smaller battle. He had a bigger, nightmare fish to fry though, so she was going to have to let that go.
"Definitely want to see it then." The admission - bordering on a demand - was spoken against his own parted lips and led to another round of brief, needy kisses that eased off into something sweeter and bordering on chaste. "Had a damned speech too. Ass."
"I'm saying that I have actual currency that's good on this Earth, not that Monopoly money bullshit your version uses."
"You're a good kid," he told Harley softly, catching just a glimpse of the kid's blush before it disappeared behind Iron Kid's mask. Knowing the teen was serious, he made a conscious effort to slow his breathing; as he did, Steve gave him an encouraging kiss to the cheek.
This is very late, and the only excuse I have is that I'm not used to working full time and having so many other things I have to do in addition to that. It's been a struggle to adjust and it's drained a lot of my will to write. Working to find a better balance, so... fingers crossed!
"... I think just the fruit basket'd be fine, but do what ya wanna. It's what you're gonna do anyhow."
"Nah. You should though. Ask him I mean. Don't know why you've waited this long if I'm being honest."
"As the billionaire I feel like I should be the one getting the ring." Steve only chuckled while stepping into his space, and fuck did it feel good to have that lean, tightly muscled body pressed against his.
Steve was head over heels for the guy within a month of staying in Avengers Tower. Not that Tony noticed, because Steve couldn't help but get tense and awkward whenever they were together as Tony and Steve. Captain America and Iron Man did better sometimes, but that just made everything feel even more hopeless. He’d thought maybe Tony wasn't interested in knowing Steve - hell, he still had been refusing to even use his actual name at that point. Everyone else was 'Thor' or 'Clint' or 'Nat' - 'Brucie-bear' was one that left Steve especially angry and hurt.
"Smiles don't talk, Tony." The genius scoffed and Steve hid another smile in the fur on top of Primrose's head. Once he felt like he wasn't so happy he could bust, he directed a look back up at Tony. "We were just about to settle in for a movie. Wanna join us?"
Harley and Peter hadn't quite fought over who got to sit with their back leaned against his legs, and Peter had managed to get there first. Not that it mattered, because pretty much as soon as the TV was the only source of light the two of them had curled up together. They couldn't let anyone see that they didn't actually hate each other was all. Tony just wasn't sure if it was a sibling thing or a possible lead up to a romance thing - he was fully willing to let Alicia and Steve worry about that while he focused on science-ing with the two teens instead.
This is... very late, and I am very sorry for that!! Hope it's at least good enough that you won't be super salty over the wait.
The little girl blinking huge brown eyes at him looked like she might cry at any moment. Cupped carefully in her hands was a squirrel who was vocalizing pretty much non-stop. Curiously, the thing seemed to swing between scolding them and trying to comfort the girl. The girl, who looked like she understood
"We've done the scans. You've seen them and I know you understand them. There isn't any damage there either. I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do. Their vitals are strong, their wounds are healed, they just... aren't waking up. Even your magic users haven't been able to figure it out. There isn't anything for it but to wait." Helen laid one hand on his arm, and she was so right it made him want to throw up. Nobody could figure it out, and there wasn't... there wasn't anything they could do. "I truly am sorry James. If there was anything--"
Steve never used his strength against civilians, always erred on the side of being too gentle. Tony gave him a lot of shit about that even if he actually thought it was pretty sweet. So he could be excused for the way his mouth dropped open in shock when Steve grabbed the back of Probably-Nathan’s neck and levered him away from Tony.
“I know you will. You're Tony fuckin’ Stark. Nothing gets you down for long." Steve sent a crooked smile his way, one that made his heart ache. "I'm just being... I dunno." Tony's breath caught in his throat when the man's free hand lifted to brush knuckles over his cheek before cupping his jaw. "I can't lose you," he whispered, voice raw. "When I saw you fall..." he sucked in another deep breath before continuing. "I can't. Not you."
people Lokes would deign to call a friend. Besides, he was guilty of doing the exact same thing to both Rhodey and Pepper. So instead of jealousy, there was a warm happiness and just a tinge of relief.
Getting Steve to smile - the real, full, brilliant version - was just as much a victory as getting Bruce to do it. Even as he debated hotly about what sort of 'bribe' was appropriate (no, I don't want my own
“Shhhhh!” Tony closed all the pertinent programs with a few flicks of his fingers and hoped Clint hadn’t gotten too good of a look at them. “Just… just shhhh. J, can you--”
He wanted more than anything for Tony to be able to stand tall and walk proudly without defeat curving his spine and weighing him down. As much as he wanted to spare his lover any pain... well. He was more interested in helping Tony heal himself, which meant sometimes he was going to have to fight him. It meant sometimes he was going to say things Tony wouldn't like, and sometimes he was going to have to let Tony be hurt.
"Loki ain't a therapist, he's a God of Mischief ya occasionally talk at when you're so sleep deprived ya can't think straight."
"Wait. This is... huh. I thought he'd be smaller." So much for control, because that had him howling again. Nobody had ever in his life said he was bigger than they'd expected, but now here was Harley, Tony's maybe-son saying just that and it was... it was something else.
"I highly doubt this will 'fuck everything up'. I think you'll rather enjoy this surprise, Boss. Maybe not as much as you enjoyed Steve coming home, but I believe it will still make you very happy. And he had all the permissions he needed to get up here, so--"
Before he could send a query that way, glaive guy burst free and made right for the chick with the spear. Captain Marvel didn't need to be told to get out of dodge; she turned her back on spear chick like she wasn't worth the dirt on Captain Marvel's shoes. It was beautiful and savage, even if Tony knew half her attention was still on Thanos' little girl, just in case his plan didn't work out the way it was supposed to. The leader of the Avengers threw herself into thinning out the nearby demon-dogs, and Tony watched as glaive guy took the bait.
, however, didn't let his gaze stay there for long. His gentle hands - still speckled with the blood of his enemy, and fuck that shouldn't be so hot - framed Tony's face and gently angled it so they were staring into each other's eyes again.
"I'm quaking in my metaphorical boots, Sir. Ms. Potts has indicated that if you have not released Captain Rogers within an hour--"
Howard. They were his now, and even if they couldn't give him what he'd longed for since he was a kid... well. What they'd already given him was more than enough, and more than he'd ever had before.
When the near-blinding light had faded, leaving him blinking back spots, he found out that both he and STAR had been wrong. Peggy and Shellhead were there, sure enough, but they were shoulder to shoulder and wearing matching grim looks. Shellhead was out of his armor, but that wouldn't mean anything... especially not when a glowering Loki stood at his back. Rounding out the party was Jan, who began to dance with excitement as soon as she saw him.
. Not without cost - Matt wasn't on the battlefield when he checked again, and neither were Okoye, Tokra, Bucky, Rogers, Natasha, Frank or Sharon - but still. They could win, keep Thanos from his goal for at least one more day.
"They aren't worth it," he told Steve honestly, even if the realization was only just settling into his bones as truth. "I have more important things to worry about."
Dum-E, who was wary of Clint since what had been dubbed the Extinguishing Arrow Incident, pouted over in one corner. Eventually he would decide to join the fun, just probably not before Steve stormed in.
"He's tricking you, Tony. Let me help. Please. We had our disagreements," there was that word again, so dismissive and so fucking hurtful it made it even harder to breath. "But that doesn't mean I'm going to let you get hurt."
. Later he'd get the story on why the Wakandans had given it back, but for right now... well. The two Tonys were arm in arm as they walked out, discussing the proper red to gold ratio and what design to slap on his shield instead of the star.
him, red flaring brightly in one socket of his gauntlet. A moment later Winter and Quill both threw themselves at the gauntlet, drawing Thanos' attention away from him.
"I'd say it's nice of you to say that, but you're a hallucination so I guess it's nice of me to say that."
"If I didn't love ya so goddamn much I would throttle ya," Steve hissed before stalking over to Pepper. The red-headed traitor patted Steve's shoulder in sympathy while glaring at him which was fucking unfair, but whatever. She hadn't been there to see how fiercely Rogers had defended Bucky, hadn't seen the way grief twisted Steve's face whenever he brought the guy up. She'd learn soon enough and he could say 'I told you so' with a clear conscience.
There was no way in hell he was going to explain it either, not when it meant all the touching might stop. He was a glutton for punishment, after all.
It probably wouldn't help, but... Yeah. They'd been through hell to be together. There wasn't any reason to keep them apart now. He couldn't move Tony's bed as fast as Winter could have, but they still met somewhere around the middle, the two beds fitting together snugly to make one. Now in reach, Winter reached out with careful fingers to touch Tony's cheek - and that friendship was just so fucking weird and messed up, but whatever - and then he gave Rhodey a nod before striding right back out of the room.
"I thought I was years away from needing the Cradle to be Iron Man. Now I need it just to breathe without feeling like I'm drowning. It's not... fuck." He'd known his
, the place had come with a large suite for him and Steve, three bedrooms to split between the kids, a kitchen large and gorgeous enough to make Steve cry, and a living room with a fireplace he'd immediately fallen in love with. The garage had been easy enough to re-purpose into a workshop, though it meant he had to be more aware of how loud he played his music while he worked. Steve had claimed the attic as an art studio for himself - their first 'improvement' had been a lift that would allow U access to it as well. They'd added an extension for visitors when they realized that
“Hmm, nothing. Well, not nothing, but just...this. Discussing groundbreaking tech with my own personal ghost. The bizarreness of it all just hit me, or something.”
After at least an hour, or maybe only 15 minutes, he splashed some scotch into a glass and hastily downed it. It was entirely too early to be drinking, but he felt too panicky to avoid it. He debated calling Rhodey, and almost immediately discarded the idea. For obvious crazy-sounding reasons, he hadn’t shared this particular detail of his recent life with Rhodey, and he was just clear-headed enough to realize that now, while he was twitchy and worried and feeling decidedly unhinged, would not be the best time to convincingly share the tale.
Steve huffed a laugh and nodded. The doors behind Tony banged open as Fury and Coulson swept in, already lecturing away, but Tony kept looking at Steve looking at him. He had to swallow hard as he felt another surge of emotion at the improbability of all of this. For Tony to have survived the Ten Rings, for Steve to have survived a plane crash and literal decades under the ice, and for it all to culminate here, in New York, where they had somehow met before actually meeting.
Jarvis dutifully reeled off the stats of the day and upcoming calendar events, along with details of what the lab had finished compiling and assembling while he’d slept, but Tony kept frowning at the cycling screensaver.
His fingers lightly brushed the next box as he slowly worked his way back towards the desk. So much of his father’s work, stored carefully within each box, but each box almost recklessly strewn about the room. Tony hadn’t wanted to see it, after his parents’ car accident, but he had enough begrudging respect for his father’s genius that he’d kept it all, of course, of course, and within the manor, too, as if it could possibly belong anywhere else. And since the study was a room Tony would rather pretend didn’t exist, the boxes fit well in there. They fit there better than Tony ever had, truth be told.
Fury cleared his throat. “Coulson, I already regret this, but what would you say is top of the wishlist, were I to consider this nonsense.”
He eagerly accepted the distraction, relieved to be thinking of anything else after the hamster wheel his thoughts had been stuck in all day. “Oh, sure, now that it worked it’s *
“I was living on borrowed time already, it’s all too fitting I was in a borrowed body, too? And ironic I’d linger on even without a body, now?”
He was prone to go haring off immediately, fixing problems with all the subtlety of a jackhammer, but when necessary, he could
“Wow. Scoliosis and arrhythmia, the anemia. They’re all here. Steve, do you realize what this means?”
Tony paced back over to the screens to watch the monitoring readouts as the time-lapse video looped. There were a few spikes, and after all, Steve had impeccable control, by all accounts, so perhaps he’d feigned sleep and intentionally lowered his respiratory rate and heartbeat, trying to gain time. Shock, tinged with fear, was the last thing Tony remembered from their brief interrupted connection earlier that day; maybe he was afraid of who’d found him, and was biding his time.
some of your old haunts ---eh, couldn’t resist!--- like your childhood apartment, and the SSR headquarters in London. But never here, before?”
Tony drifted off to sleep with the shield still on his arm, and his memories tangled up in thinking about Captain America and how shields are designed to protect far more than to attack, and what a different and defensive view of Captain America that would be compared to the rampaging patriotic god Howard had seemed to describe.
And hey, don't @ me about the Bucky brush-off in this story if you also like Stucky, cause I'm a Stucky shipper too! I feel like Steve's broad shoulders can easily carry multiple ships!
It never quite stopped bothering Tony, the sheer unscientific nature of it, feeling like a druid or a warlock, holding this apparently mystical token and calling Steve back from the
Here are the two Steve/Bucky stories I've written before, to placate you, since they aren't together in this story at all:
Captain America rocked back on his heels. He looked more sad than offended. “I’m sorry, I’m being rude. I’m Ste-”
“On the contrary, Sir, you showed little evidence of the physical signs most commonly correlated with dream activity in current scientific literature. And by your own history, you exhibited few of the benchmarks of a sleep cycle which would typically be followed by your commentary on vivid dreams, and none of the hallmarks of a sleep cycle that would normally precipitate a call to Rhodey to recount ‘all the disturbing elements of your muddied subconscious.’ His words, Sir.”
He held the shield and paced the study, trying to ignore the uneasy feeling he had. Steve would appear in just a moment, and maybe Tony could jokingly ask if he’d caught him at a bad time, was he in the middle of a shower when he’d called. A meteor shower, maybe, up in the stars where he probably lived. Ugh, now he was waxing poetic, he needed to snap out of it.
The next box gutted him. Captain America and the Project Rebirth files. Howard was the most incandescent and then, eventually, incoherent, when he went through these boxes, and talked about that time period. Tony had loved and loathed the very sight of them while growing up, because the nostalgia portion of the evening was the closest he ever felt to his father, as Howard would reminisce about Captain America, the peak of human scientific achievement, the savior of the Allied cause, “and a damn good man, besides,” Howard would usually add, between exciting stories of the war and the many and varied triumphs of the SSR, and Cap, and Howard himself. But by the end of the night, Howard would be well past drunk, slurring and sad, as he’d tally all his many disappointments in life, chief of which, emblematic, was the loss of Captain America, and the ongoing failure to find him then or now.
Fury steepled his hands and quietly glared at Tony. “Do you know,” he began deliberately, “I let myself hope we might get a few day’s peace before you stormed in here. Shall we dispense with all the bluster, and you tell me how much you know so far?” His eye had slid over to Coulson as he’d talked, and Tony sensed they were still feeling out exactly how much they could hoodwink him.
With the barest smile on his face, Steve stayed quiet, mostly gazing at Tony but shooting quick looks around the room and up at Fury.
But now, as the elevator smoothly clicked through the levels, he felt that uncommon hesitation when his own forward momentum slowed enough to let him over-think, in the worst way.
“Alright, well, you’ve got a Stark here now, may as well get your money’s worth. Let me go down to examine him before we try those classic Vita Rays, just like dad used to make.” He thought he heard a slick uptick in the monitoring beeps, as if Steve had heard him through the glass and reacted a bit, and quickly continued. “But listen, what’s the plan once he’s back up and at ‘em, when does he get to leave? I’ve got at least one guest room I could spare, you know, and I’m fairly certain even my pantry is more comfortable than whatever character-building concrete rooms your agents sleep upright in. Do I have to sign him out, like a library rental, or maybe do you have a break-it-you-buy-it policy here? Cause I’ll happily outbid the Smithsonian; a living legend should get to actually live, ya know. In sunshine, not behind glass.”
Coulson was right outside the doors as they slid open, and Tony had to hide a grin at being anticipated so well. As much as he enjoyed aggravating Fury & Co, and God did he enjoy it, elements like this, where they matched his moves, helped keep the game feeling playful.
“No! No. Bucky wasn’t-- well, you could say Bucky liked anybody, and everybody liked Bucky, but no, Bucky preferred women. We were brothers, anyway, it wasn’t ever like that, between us. He knew I didn’t feel that way about most people, not like that, really, and the people I did like only ever had guts and heart in common, nothin’ else. But he worried about me, used to try to set me up on double dates with girls with him. He was family. That was maybe the hardest part of waking up as a spirit, since he was already gone and even though I’m gone too now, I’m still not there, where he is.”
Time passes, and for two people separated by time and space and the afterlife and literal sheets of ice, they're getting closer everyday.
Sometimes Howard would chatter on, hands making wide gestures that sloshed alcohol onto the desk, about the possibilities that Cap could still be recovered intact, even alive, and the ways the gamma radiation and Vita Rays used to create him could be used to resuscitate him. When he was still very small, young enough for fairy tales, Tony had been inspired and impressed. Even the raging blackouts that followed seemed in some ways only to enhance the drama of the tale. As an adult, the whole memory was pitiful and pathetic. He still funded the annual Stark Industries arctic search missions, usually citing the advanced aircraft and possible additional Hydra technology on-board as justification for the continued missions, but really, as much as he wanted to hate Captain America for apparently filling whatever minimal space for human connection Howard had once had-- despite that, Tony couldn’t help but continue his father’s task here. He would never have initiated something like this, but, once Howard passed, he found it impossible to end the last project his father had truly obsessed over. Besides, they were very nearly made of money, and the missions did lead to interesting cold-weather tech developments and discoveries, so he could usually avoid thinking about it over-much.
“Oh, were you two, uh, together? You and Bucky? That wasn’t in any of the stories I ever heard from my dad, at least.”
“Or, you’re welcome to come hang out at my house,” and he gestured back at Coulon and Fury, “cause Mom and Dad totally said you can come over, as long as you finish your homework and go to bed at a reasonable time.”
Steve furrowed his brow now, and followed Tony’s progress back into the study, saying slowly, “Well, my mother’s name was Sarah, my commanding officer was Colonel Phillips, I was sick all the time growing up, I-- I’m not sure what you want to know.”
“Well. Thank you for telling me, Steve.” He couldn’t resist making a joke, to ease the tension. “I guess the hereafter is as good a time to come out of the closet as any. Sorry, maybe that doesn’t translate, I mean--”
Would Steve have any conscious memory of Tony? Would he regret their connection, once Tony wasn’t the only person around to talk to?
“No...well. ’M not rightly sure what I look like now, so I couldn’t say if he looked like me, or not, ghostly or not, I mean. But he didn’t really look alive either. I haven’t always had the best control of when and where I appear, though, and from the shock, I-- I lost the thread, couldn’t stay put. He was gone by the time I got back."
, Tony thought as he gave a small smile and reminded himself to stay calm. Steve’s answering smile was equally weak, but he also gave an almost imperceptible nod, and Tony felt his smile growing.
The only sound for several moments was the click and whir of medical machines reporting on the computers around them. Fury looked darkly amused, and Coulson looked bland, but possibly blandly peeved.
Steve interrupted. “I think I got it. Although I don’t know if that means only just what you said you were, or not, but that’s...that’s me too. I thought I’d marry Peggy and the other half of how I felt wouldn’t ever matter, you know? Bucky --my best friend Bucky, you know?-- used to tease me about Peggy, but I think he was just relieved.”
Pausing in the middle of the observation deck, Tony tossed over his shoulder, “So how’s he doing so far, Slackey?”
to talk to. It was a poor time to realize how in over his head he was already, in this complicated connection he had with a long-dead soldier. Like some sort of bizarre Nicholas Sparks novel. So maybe his best bet would be to call Pepper and try to spin this as a story he’d read, or imagined, or something. She liked this sort of star-crossed romance nonsense. Ugh, and now he’d literally used the word
Steve shrugged. “Even if I could, it wouldn’t matter. I can’t get drunk anymore. Couldn’t, I mean. Side effect of the serum. I was too sick and poor to drink much beforehand, and then..”
to you, I’d imagine, if you’re interested in recuperating in an actual house, with a real bed. With fewer eyes on you.”
In the morning, Tony hesitated to linger over the strange dream. His drunken blackouts were typically a great deal more blacked out than that, with few memories surviving morning’s light, but this was different. This was unique even by normal dream standards. And as much as he’d like to ignore it, he’d apparently dreamed of Captain America. Captain America, his boyhood crush, the unobtainable standard. Captain America...calling him Howard.
Coulson nodded grimly at one of the techs in the room with them, who turned the terminal to Tony. Fury stood near the large glass observation window, brooding down at the unconscious man. Coulson let Tony look over the records a moment, before saying, “He’s apparently in stable condition, and all his vital signs are promising, but so far he’s remained unconscious.”
Tony brushed off the apology, charmed in spite of himself that even his own mental construction of Steve was so polite. “Just a joke, soldier, pay me no mind.”
Tony was rummaging through the boxes and found a medical file. “Okay, I don’t remember ever looking at this before. It looks like it’s your intake forms. So, here, before I read it, I remember Dad mentioning you had asthma and bad hearing, bad eyesight. What else would you have listed, once Erskine actually took you on?”
Ready or not, he was out of time and distance, finally, between him and Steve. Pausing one final moment at the swinging medical doors, Tony tried to paste back on his self-confidence for this last bit. He was fairly certain Steve would wake up, one way or another, after he walked through those doors; he could feel it, in his soul, if he did in fact still have one of those. And after all, all he’d done was guarantee Steve a choice, one he might not otherwise have been afforded right away. And if Steve wanted to stay, fine, and Tony’s lost bet would keep him in Steve’s orbit for a bit longer while he worked through Fury’s honey-do list. Even if Steve didn’t want to be friends with him now, once he’d have actual choices in who to talk to, Tony could still keep an eye out to be sure he was safe, and adapting well, and not being frogmarched into some sinister black-ops task out of a manipulated sense of duty.
Tony nodded manically, “Sure, but even seeing a ghost wouldn’t be particularly believable, but this...verified information, that’s… wow.”
“What?? Steve, are you cheating on me with other living beings?! You can hang out with all the undead as much as you like, but if I’m not your only haunting, I’ll be very put out.”
But it might be a stretch to get away with swanning in to rescue the super-soldier who was most likely here--
“It wasn’t the Riot Act, Sir, it was the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, or federal legal code 18 U.S.C. § 1030. But if I may refocus your attention, the alerts triggered were all of Stark contributions to Operation Rebirth, or the Super-Soldier serum program.”
“I see my dulcet tones woke you up, Sleeping Beauty. So what do you think, Stark or SHIELD, pick a team. The menacing one-eyed crow you can see lurking over my shoulder up there is Director Fury, and you’re welcome to continue to rely on his dubious hospitality if you’d like. Not that I don’t trust Fury! He’s a great guy, if you can overlook the ominous henchman look he’s got going on and the fact that he replaced his personality with another gun a few years back.”
“It’s like...that whisper of a song in your mind, you know? And you’re not sure if you quite remember it, but you hum the bits you do remember, and then it’s like the song either clicks or it doesn’t, but even if it doesn’t, it’s in the back of your mind, and you’re just sorta...aware of it. So I get a reminder of the shield, and it either pulls me straight back, or sometimes it takes a bit to remember how to follow it back. See?”
a poet, good for you. Ugh. That’s the most profoundly lackluster description of the afterlife and the ability to appear, incorporeal, anywhere, anytime. What am I supposed to do with any of that?! I’m only forgiving you because I know you don’t currently
Tony was Iron Man now. Iron Man wasn’t afraid of anything, but that sort of hyped self-confidence wasn’t why he’d wandered in here tonight. Obie’s betrayal and death had prompted such a wave of conflicted grief, it was probably inevitable that he’d end up drinking alone in the study, again, eventually. It wasn’t his favorite form of destructive self-flagellation, sprawled incoherent amongst the rest of his father’s abandoned life’s work, but it was nevertheless not an isolated event.
Coulson turned another screen toward Tony, showing earlier footage, sped up, of a man in a saltwater tank, hooked up to wires and slowly defrosted, until, with a blur of fast forwarded activity, scientists and medical techs transferred him to the bed in the room below.
He’d started walking toward the exit as he talked, and Fury shrugged and waved him out, looking fatigued with the whole conversation, as Coulson quickly transcribed the agreed list.
, Tony jokingly muttered to himself in his best Indiana Jones impression, as he slid it on his forearm and remembered how much it had bothered his mother that Howard had collected so much of Captain America’s personal belongings and refused to ever release them for historical collections. If his father truly believed Cap might still be alive out there, his attitude made some sense, but everyone else, Maria included, saw it as either a collecting quirk of a millionaire or the nostalgic obsession of someone whose best days were behind them. From that perspective, yes, it made sense that Maria, looking to the future and pregnant with their son, might find it grim or unhealthy to cling so tightly to the past. It hadn’t mattered though. Howard had used any and all his connections, charm, and cash to find and keep every single piece of Cap memorabilia he could manage.
Testing a hunch, he crossed back over to the glass to talk to Fury, projecting his voice just a bit more than was strictly necessary.
Tony nodded calmly. “Right, well, good to hear he’s not a prisoner. But we all know that I’ve got any and all tech he could possibly need for health monitoring, so since we’ve established that he’s a person and not a place or thing, if the man himself
Tony waved away his concern, “Aw, Steve, it’s the future! And the tabloids have known I’m bisexual since I very publicly, and accidentally, outed myself with a boyfriend in my younger, hedonist years. Howard did not like that, I can tell you.”
“Sure, of course. We were busy, all the time, chasing Hydra, but the lads chased plenty of skirts in between missions.”
Shrugging, and running a hand along the row of monitors, pretending to be concerned over nonexistent dust, Tony didn’t answer.
Tony waved away his question. “Steve! Listen! What else is something you knew, that I shouldn’t know, that I might be able to look up?”
, Tony thought. He knew he was overcompensating just a tad, with all the rambling and scattershot jokes. But the most important thing was that Steve really was here, alive and apparently well, and, going by his (admittedly understated reaction so far) even remembered Tony too.
Tony let the highball glass trail idly from his fingertips as he slowly meandered through the room. He reluctantly set it down on a storage box finally, when it was moments from falling from his grasp and shattering. His father’s study had probably seen enough splashed liquor and shattered glass. He wasn’t sure if he could remember the last time he’d been in this room with his father. Odds were good he was as drunk then, in his reckless college years, as his father near-perpetually was, at home. Bitterly drunk, the elder, and brutally drunk, the younger, but the Starks had a long history of alcoholic self-medication.
Tony let the words hang for a moment, and then nodded. “I’ve got a friend like that. Rhodey. We didn’t grow up together, like you two, but we’ve been family most of our lives anyway. He and I were overseas together, and I was kidnapped, and tortu--other things happened. It’s...damn, it’s recent enough I really don’t talk about it, I’m not sure I’ll ever talk about it. But I thought I was gonna die there, waiting for him to rescue me, trying to rescue myself, and it was a hell of a thing to see him again, after I’d escaped, and he found me in the desert.”
Cold War AU, 18k words for a serious and brooding story, when Captain America teams up with the Winter Soldier:
“I guess it really is just you, though, so maybe you’re right. I don’t ever see any other ghosts around, and most people look right through me. I have to focus sometimes, even just for you to see me. But it is getting easier, it’s hardly any effort at all to see you now.”
Tony was tapping the blocky carpenter pencil against his chin as he and Steve considered the blueprints on the desk. Steve wasn’t an engineer or a futurist like Tony, but he was quick to make connections, and insightful in his questions, and he really did have an artist’s eye. Steve swept his hands over the lines, indicating where sections could be shifted for a cleaner look, as they’d been discussing, and then he looked up, seeming to notice Tony’s attention was on him, and not the topic at hand.
“Huh.” Tony swiveled the stool, bumping into the lab table, and traced the scores and scorch marks on the metal from previous projects. Something about the dream, or not-dream, or waking nightmare, or whatever it was, lingered on in his mind. A feeling of cold, the weight of foreboding. God, he was getting dramatic again.
Back at the mansion, when it had occurred to Tony, mid-hack and looking for details of Steve’s possible location and status, that all of this meant Steve
“Sightseeing, of course, Agent. I woke up feeling especially patriotic, just thought I’d drop by and see if you had any national icons on display.”
“Mmm, good thing my manners have always been openly acknowledged as deficient then, don’t you think? And you know what else is deficient: your documentation on my father’s Vita-Rays, so I’d say I’m right on time. No, no, actually” and here he whisked open Fury’s door to see him seated calmly, waiting. “I’d say I’m inexcusably late. Fury, your lackey here is slacking, and I received no engraved invitation at all to this thrilling event. Slackey, say you’re sorry.”
“What? No, I meant, if I didn’t know something you just told me, something I just verified from the paperwork, that means you aren’t a figment of my imagination!”
Who knew if Steve would’ve ever intentionally made the connection between them, if he’d actually had a choice, but now he would have a choice, and Tony would have to find a way to muscle in enough to give Steve the opportunity to leave with him if he wanted, while still leaving enough space for Steve to leave to somewhere else if he wanted. Which he’d probably want, right?
The sudden flare of light resolved into Steve’s familiar shape, and Tony immediately set down the vintage shield and launched into conversation, spreading out the current blueprints on the desk, without needing to wait to see if Steve had followed.
Tony continued, “So ghosts are real, then. That’s not what I expected to find out, but, sure, why not. The implications of-- And what determines who comes back, or when? Or
“You’re in a governmental facility, the headquarters of SHIELD, which was originally founded by Peggy Carter during the time you were frozen and presumed dead. It’s the year of our Lord 2010, old-timer, and Director Fury is currently the head honcho you’d be answering to if you decide to stay put. But I’ve negotiated an early release for ya, if you’re so inclined. The Stark family mansion will seem
Snuggling deeper into his arms, Tony tried to focus on Steve’s steady breathing, and ignore the growing weight of consciousness. Steve was warm and comfortable under Tony’s cheek, and he resisted waking up as intently as he could. There was some slow-building discomfort distracting him from the critical task of sleeping off the previous night, and he was increasingly aware of the fatigue in his limbs. Mostly, he could feel a creeping sense of a chill growing more and more noticeable, and a nearly painful tension in his muscles. Bleeding edges of fear and panic, bright lights, pressure in his lungs, and Steve shouting his name, no, his own name? No, Steve shouting Tony’s name, but someone else insistently repeating Steve’s name, and what the hell? Abruptly the sensory inputs cut out, dream over, apparently, and Tony jerked awake, disgruntled and unsettled from the dream.
Sometime later, somewhere between wakefulness and sleep, he heard a chime from Jarvis, out in the hallway, and stumbled out as quickly as he could, on sleep-dulled limbs.
) to focus on Steve’s grief. “I’m so sorry, Steve. She was happily married. I think it was some years after you were lost… They all kept looking for you. We still send expeditions looking for you actually, every year. My father felt we owed it to you, to find you and bring you home. But honestly, I think he believed you might still be alive, out there in the ice somewhere. Funded some research studies about cryogenics, even. They say Walt Disney was frozen, after he died. Urban legend, I think, but, still.”
Arms crossed, Fury half turned away from the windows. “The medical team is still reviewing our options from here. Your dad’s Vita-Ray tech is top of the list for next attempts, if he doesn’t wake up on his own soon. I’m sure they have a countdown clock of their own, but I should have expected to need one too, as soon as we found something you’d find interesting enough to deign to drop by for.”
“Here is New York, of course, the capital of the world. And yes, I’m very special too, tell me all about it.”
Steve had seemed to relax as the music continued, but Tony thought he saw the shine of unshed tears in his eyes, too, before Tony slowly dropped asleep, soothed by the quiet company, and the music reminding him of his mother, and the quiet way she’d sway to the soft music in their suffocatingly empty house.
Jarvis waited a moment before continuing, a touch slower and quieter. Tony felt coddled, but all too grateful, regardless, for the moment to gather himself to be able to listen past the rush of adrenaline.
“I thought I saw Bucky once, but… that’s it. And I think I must’ve just imagined him. He was all in black, his hair was longer, and he was, well… He was different from before. Standing outside our old tenement house, where I’d go walk sometimes, but no one noticed me there, not that I ever tried to get anyone to see me. But I thought it was Bucky, standing there, awfully stiff and uncomfortable, and just glaring at the building like he’d raze it to the ground if he could.”
At the elevator, he scanned a keycard he’d managed to swipe from the group that had swarmed his car, very clumsy of them to let him bump into several of them on the way, and finally took a moment to actually hesitate. Breaking into SHIELD, the servers or the buildings themselves, was relatively standard fare for him, practically expected, and he’d hate to let Fury down in successfully complicating his life with those restrained incursions--
Tony hefted himself up and rummaged through the stacked belongings on the side of the room, shifting boxes until he triumphantly raised a record and tipped it like a salute at Steve. “We need music, yeah? Something from your time.”
It had irked him, at first, to have to actually use a printer and paper again, but during his rant to himself in the lab, waiting for the oversized pages to print from the industrial plotter, the pointed comments from Jarvis, his sentient AI system, had slowed him down a bit.
Modern, no powers, and 2k words with lots of so-bad-they're-great pick-up lines, for the prompt 'bad flirting':
“Alright, Stark, so you want to make a bet about Captain America. Your motives are usually easier to puzzle out than this, so indulge my curiosity for a moment. What is this, family guilt, your basic rich guy assholery, some new way to torture me?”
The beam of light was so delicate as to seem unreal, and even through his hangover, or lingering drunkenness, Tony squinted at the ethereal glow with a scientist’s eye. A scientist’s bleary red and scratchy dry eye, but still. The apparition in the beam walked directly towards him, a man, angelic with his blond hair haloed in the light, but human with his confused expression and muddy boots. Tony’s first conscious thought was relief that he’d realized what made the glow so unreal: it was the contradicting highlights and shadows, light seemingly pooled and draped rather than obeying any natural laws.
. I already thought he sounded freaky, when I was a kid, but I don’t think Howard ever mentioned that detail in the bedtime stories. I would’ve remembered.”
The record player scratched and hissed before settling in to the grooves, and the music swelled, filling the dim room.
With a sigh, Tony stood and grabbed a glass from the sidebar, walking into the kitchen for some ice. It took a moment for him to notice Steve had followed him...and by all accounts Tony was entirely awake. He pinched himself to double-check, and then cautiously reached his hand toward Cap, but his hand drifted through his shoulder. No shift in fog, no icy feeling, or anything like that, so this was more likely a hallucination rather than an apparition.
Moving over by the glass, Tony felt his throat closing at the sudden emotion of seeing Steve down below. His face looked almost exactly the same as during their last conversation. The bright medical lights were too harsh to match Steve’s ghostly soft blue glow from the last time he’d seen him, but even so, Steve still seemed to glow, lying motionless and quiet on the crisp white sheets.
It would be hard, after all, to discover you weren’t actually dead, as expected, and to be completely surrounded with advanced technology and strangers, especially after the many real opportunities he would’ve had during the war to experience and fear Hydra’s many medical experimentation rooms. There would’ve been no familiar voices to hear whenever he’d regained consciousness here, with no one left alive on-staff who personally knew him. If nothing else, Tony thought, he could at least be that for Steve, to help reassure him it was safe to admit he was awake. Or if he were in fact still unconscious, perhaps hearing Tony would help him focus enough to wake up. Either way, there were definitely options to try before attempting to restore the Vita-Ray machines to functionality.
Coulson had quickly walked over during this speech, looking concerned, but Fury was already answering. “I don’t care what you think your claim is, or what you think you can say to him, but he’s a soldier, and he belongs here, and--”
Fury’s aggrieved sigh could’ve nearly lasted the entire length of their subsequent walk to the observation deck, overlooking a sterile medical room, centered around a man surrounded by monitoring machines and asleep in a hospital bed.
Something about his newfound goals and life’s purpose reframed this visit though. Almost without thinking about it, he opened one of the boxes this time. All those years he’d spent ignoring them, and leaned against them, and bumping heavily into them as he came or went, booze-soaked and miserable, and he’d so cautiously never even shifted a box, let alone opened one or rummaged through. But this time...well, this time he was tired of standing outside the past, lingering at the edges of painful memories.
SHIELD agents surrounded his car as he pulled into the underground lot he wasn’t, strictly speaking, supposed to have access to. No one directly blocked him, as he headed straight for Fury’s office, sussed out from the encrypted building plans by Jarvis, since none of his prior meetings at SHIELD headquarters had ever included direct office access. Smart; ultimately a very pointless security attempt, but you know. Smart to at least attempt it.
Tony shrugged. “Cryogenics, you know, they freeze someone after death, with the purpose of someday bringing them back to life. If the science and technology ever catches up. But Howard was sure you were a perfect specimen for something like that, that your flawless body would be able to resist damage from freezing, and then be able to heal from the process of being unfrozen. All American USDA grade A beefcake, you know, just
But Steve had said, in what was a profoundly disappointing explanation to Tony’s scientific mind, that while he wasn’t necessarily aware of time passing while he was away, and while he hadn’t particularly planned any of his previous trips while in this twilight awareness, the shield would sometimes shimmer in his memories and he could follow it to Tony’s study.
Tony was pacing, agitated, and Steve had backed up out of the way, not that he could have actually been in the way.
“It’s been almost 70 years. Howard’s been dead and gone for decades now, too. Aunt Peggy is still alive. Lives here in the States now.”
But his second thought was panic, as the man reached out to him, and said, plaintively, “...Howard?”
“The primary focus seems to be on the set-up and usage of the Vita-Rays, as well as some of the later notes made regarding possible future recovery of Captain America, and proposed recuperative or medicinal use of the Vita-Rays and other technologies. Specifically their application in regards to enhanced individuals.”
Tony couldn’t help laughing, a weak muffled chuckle from his slumped position, chin to chest. Even the figments of his imagination had existential crises, it was too perfect.
Steve looked shellshocked. “It was such a dangerous secret back then. Hardly anyone knew--” He cleared his throat uncomfortably. “Almost no one knew that. About me.” He’d squared his shoulders to look up at Tony, but his face betrayed his nervousness.
“...Then impervious, and now impermanent--or is it too permanent?” Tony finished the thought, with a rough laugh. “That might’ve been helpful for any drinking contests, but painful when you had downtime you’d rather turn into drowntime. I don’t remember many leisure stories from my dad, did you get any leave time?”
He waited a long moment for a reaction, any reaction, and had just started to mentally review possible next steps if Steve were in fact unconscious, when he heard his breathing change, and snapped his eyes over in time to see Steve blink slowly and look right at him.
Tony scrambled over to see the holographic map hovering, with several dots along the Eastern seaboard and one awfully suspicious dot far up north.
A day or two went by, spent in fevered activity in the lab, tinkering and inventing, by turns frantic and inspired, but eventually, he ended up stumbling back into the study again. He immediately picked up the discarded shield and sunk into the overstuffed armchair, staring at the unlit fireplace, feeling everything and nothing. It was both a relief and a concern to see the apparition again fairly quickly, once he had apparently sunk into a waking dream.
Steve had followed him readily enough when he’d walked out of the study now and then, but the vast majority of their time was spent in the study, which meant less technological access. Unrelated fact, tangential, hardly worth mentioning, but...Jarvis wasn’t available in the study. Tony had tried not to look too closely at his motives there, in leaving him out of that room when retrofitting the mansion. He wasn’t sure if it was his father’s enormous presence in the room, as a sort of inviolate time capsule, or Tony’s occasional depressing binges, that made Jarvis seem an unwelcome addition there, but it was easy enough to ignore.
The brief time between the observation room and the room below, where Steve waited, took a fair bit longer as Tony leaned into the worry he could feel spiking again. What if Steve didn’t remember him, consciously? Or what if Steve remembered him just fine, but didn’t have any intention of going against the government and his presumed bosses? Or what if Tony’s honesty about his own life and experiences and reputation during their many long conversations made Steve see him as a risk; fine for a few incorporeal heart-to-hearts, but not really someone ideal to associate with once one wasn’t actually a figment… For that matter, Steve hadn’t intentionally chosen to connect with Tony in the first place, and he’d outright said no one else had ever seen or communicated with him otherwise, so Tony might well just be a perfect example of ‘any port in a storm,’ or, you know, ‘any available receptive soul in an afterlife,’ or something like that.
You got me. Although what was that pick up line? You need to tell me that story. How about you do that over some dinner. What do say about 6 at the pizza place north of the art building.
“It to the brain though the parts that control the movement!” Tony looks at the scientist” Can you believe it! This will change lives if we are able to get it to work. Whispfire- I know call you Oliver-you just help change lives.” Tony said, really he signed. Seeing as Oliver was deaf. SI didn’t care if the scientist they hired were deaf, mute, hell even blind. All they cared about was the work they did. Tony thought it would be useful to know how to talk to every scientist. He can talk science in more languages then he can count.
“Umm, it’s a lot to take in Tones. This place is fancy. I’ve been somewhere this nice. I don’t even know the wine you ordered.” Steve sighed. Tony’s smile feel a little. It’s okay he just has to help Steve understand. Right?
“No, it’s a palate cleanser.” Tony responds, Steve raise a sceptical eyebrow. “ It is Steve. It makes it so the desert won't be tainted by dinner.” Tony whines. Desert fallows short after.
“My handsome hungover boyfriend made me breakfast in bed. What’s not happy about that.” Tony smiled as he looked down at the pancake topped with blueberries, Tony’s favorite, and whip cream. There was also bacon, coffee, and orange juice. Tony’s grabbed a fork and started eating the pancakes and blueberries.
In the time leading up to the meeting Steve’s friends Tony started spending more time in the lab. He had been ignoring his job at Stark industries.
Once in his room Tony looked down at the key that clenched in his hand. There was red bleeding on the silver of the key. Tony found crescent cuts in his palm for his nails. Sighing Tony just put the key on Steve’s side of the bed. Tomorrow Tony would give him the key.
When the night was over everyone but Tony was drunk. Tony couldn’t help but chuckle when Sam and Rhoney started singing. Tony know that they need to call it a night. After call for three cabs. Herding Pepper and Rhodey into one of the cabs, he gave the cab driver two hundred, and then shipped them his apartment. Then did the same with Sam and Bucky only sending them to Sam’s. The last taxi was for him and Steve. They would be going to Steve’s.
“I think is you make it so the whole prosthetic with the material you make your phone out of. Then have it send the touch signals to a microprocessor. That reads how the amount of strength, time, and heat of the touch. That then sends i-”Tony interrupts the scientist and finishes the thought.
“Pepper it isn’t work. You know that project I’ve been working on?” Tony wanted for Pepper to nod before continuing. “I asked Oliver Whispfire for help and I think we got it. It will be fully functional.” Tony said not holding back his excitement.
Steve yelled at him for wanting them to have a good life together. Then he left. Tony thought about how Steve doesn’t want him to have a lab at home. Was He really that coutup in work that he didn’t realize that Steve was unhappy with him.
Hello Humans!! I am Alive!!! I have been working on my mental health, and still am. It makes it hard to up date every week.
Steve wants to help pay for the apartment. Tony told him that it’s okay, and he is happy to pay for a place for them. Steve refused, so Tony told him he could pay for utilities. This also didn’t please Steve. No he wanted everything split even.
The table was a further away from the rest of the tables. The area dimly lit, most of the light came from three candles on the table. Tony pulled out Steve’s chair, before sitting himself.
Once dressed Tony made his way to the bathroom to put on some makeup. After being in the public eye his whole life Tony was always having makeup put on him. In his teen years one of her girlfriends thought that it would be fun to do his makeup in the way that girls do it. After that Tony found he liked how he looked fully done up. From then on he would do his makeup for dates and parties. Tony decided to a simple look with only eyeliner, mascara, and a red lipstick.
“They aren’t skinny jeans they’re just jeans. Of course you own jeans Tony want do you wear in the lab?” Pepper respond with a raised eyebrow.
The elevator couldn’t come fast enough. Tony stood there watching the numbers move up with his anxiety. He fucked up. That wasn’t new. Tony couldn’t help but fuck up. Just ask Howard. Tony didn’t skip any grades, because he wanted to be normal. Tony can’t seem to find a nice girl to settle down with. Tony dates boys. Tony was bi. Tony was a slut. Tony couldn’t figure out the problem by himself. Tony couldn’t… couldn’t. Tony found his thoughts spiraling with it he breathing. The elevator dinged. No one was on it. Why would there, everyone else keeps their promises. Tony took a breath and stepped on. As the doors closed he let a shaky breath out.
Tony couldn’t help but smile every time Steve told him he loved him. He was in his private lab working on the AI program that he is making. Looking at the time and seeing that it was 3:13 Needing to buy stuff for dinner Tony left his lab with a smile.
“Tony,” Pepper sighed,” I thought we were working on that?” Tony just nodded not wanting to see the worried looks that cover his best friends face.
“Don’t worry, I think I have som-” Tony stops as his phone starts going off. He raises a finger to the scientist, and picks up the phone.
Tony had only had a few crackers before he heard the front door opening. Steve walked in wearing different clothes then he had on yesterday.
“Hello, my superman. I’m sorry I was late.” Tony said into Steve’s ear. He heard Steve take a breath.” I was a bad boy. I need to be punished. How does that sound? After this we head back to my place, and you-”
“Yeah sorry just not very hungry,” Steve looked at Tony and turned red. “So what is the rest of your story.”
“ I love you too” Tony says against Steve’s lip. He can feel their smile on his lips. Steve puts his hands on Tony’s thighs. With a jump Tony’s legs are wrapped around Steve, and is being carried off to his bed. Dinner never crossing his mind.
Tony smiled as he thought of his friends. Thinking of Pepper, he should ask her if she wants to come over and do a movie night.Tony pulled out his phone to text her when he noticed he had a message.
“Sorry,” Steve muttered after downing water,” Samantha broke up with Bucky today. He asked me if we could get drinks. I forgot.”
“You’re not paid to be my friend Pep. You just love me too much to leave.” Tony said as got up to shower. Stepping in to the bathroom Tony stripped. He turned on the shower and stepped in. The warm water helped wake him up the rest of the way. Tony stands under the hot water letting it wash away the stress of the day. After an unknown time Tony thought it best to rushing through the rest of the shower. When he got out Pepper had already picked out what he was going to wear. She had pulled Tony’s maroon dress shirt and a pair of black jeans.
Tony smiled and pulled Steve in for a hug. He told Steve that it was okay. They spent the rest of the day curled into each other watching movies. Tony’s head rested on Steve’s shoulder popcorn on his lap. Everything should be fine, yet Tony couldn’t get what Steve said out of his head. Was he really that bad? Does he really make people look at him? The only reason he did that in high school was to get Howard’s attention, but he’s learned that he will never get that. Tony thought he stopped. He hasn’t been in a paper for years. His thoughts ran rampant through the night.
With dinner prepared for when Steve got to the apartment. Tony looked at the clock and it was 7:48. Tony frowned, Steve was normally home by this time. He remembered telling Steve he was making dinner tonight.
“So Bucky. I have a proposition for you.” Tony said. Bucky eyed him. His face showed Tony that he didn’t trust him. Although he understood that in the fact that he was a new person. Tony wondered if there was something else to go along with it.
“So what do you think Steve?” Tony couldn’t help but smile. He was sharing a part of him that few had seen. He hasn't dated anyone that wasn’t after his money. Then Steve showed up and didn’t care. Tony loved that and want to show Steve everything. Tony wasn’t scared of him leaving.
“Of course you do Tony. I saw the magazines from your time in High school. ‘Tony Stark drunk again?’ ‘Tony Stark arrested’ and you can’t stand the thought of people not looking at you!”
”Tony, last night you said I would be mad at you for building the arm. Don’t say because you spent more time in the lab.” Steve asked.Tony knew that this was going to happen to day but he hoped for later.
When Tony opened his eyes he was confused as to why he was on the floor. His head hurt and his eyes felt dry. With a sigh he got up to get some pain medication for his head.
“No, I borrowed a car that I will own in a few years.” Tony huffed getting into the car himself. With a final look at Steve. That turned into a sweet caring kiss.
“Because I could, so why not?” Tony smiled and pulled onto the road. The smiles on their faces never left.
By the end of the test Tony and Oliver had a way to make sure the electronics were safe from water with the moving joints that would make it more likely to let water in. Tony was proud of himself and Oliver. With the waterproofing now put into the schematics of Bucky’s arm, Tony went home.
“Tony, what if we started living with each other in a new apartment? We could find a new apartment that works for both of us. While we did that we would still live here.” Steve said a concerned look on his face.
“I don’t care if you are in the middle of a scientific break throw. You promised me that you would be here tonight Tony.” Steve said. That’s when it hit him. Tonight he was meeting Steve’s friends.
“Part of it is the lab. The other reason is because I made it with Bucky in mind.” Tony mumbled into Steve’s.
“They are beautiful Tony. Thank you. I love them.” Steve went into his apartment to put them in water.
Pepper stopped looking around and just looked at Tony. Hoping that the it would hurry him along. Tony chuckled to himself when he thought about the first time she had interrupted his work. He had freaked out on her. He had forgotten his train of thought. It had set the project back a day. This caused him to stop talking to her for a week. Shaking the thought away, Tony saved what he was working on, and looked over at Pep.
“Tony!” Rhodey interrupted “ I’m glad you made it. I was scared that we lost you to the lab.” Rhodey laughed. Tony sighed he forget that all their friends were here. Before any once could talk Steve pulled Tony on to his lap. Then into a heated kiss. Their friends laughed. When Steve pulled away he whispered to Tony.
“Dude the arm works! That’s why I’m laughing! You moved that arm with your mind and that’s all. Don’t you see how amazing that is? There was a 50% chance that it wouldn’t even move. That is amazing!” Tony exclaimed.
Tony smiled at the number. He finished his coffee pulled out his phone and put Steve’s number in it.
Tony couldn’t help but feel safe. Steve would protect him from the evil. He would keep the bad thoughts away. Steve was safe. With arms wrapped around him Tony could help but to drift back to sleep.
Right then Tony and Oliver got to work. They worked the whole day. By the end of the day they were done. Tony couldn’t believe it.
There was one apartment that Tony really wanted. It had a nice kitchen that he would like to cook in. There were three bedrooms. Steve could have an art room, and Tony could have a small in house lab. There was a gym in the building. It was only two blocks from the school. The building was beautiful. Tony fell in love with the apartment. It was perfect. The only problem was it was more than Steve could afford, and he wouldn’t let Tony pay.
They looked at each other for a few seconds. Tony stood there as Steve grabbed his keys and left. The sound of the door slamming finally broke Tony.
“Now that is less crazy.So my dad-” Tony was interrupted by the college student bring them their food. Tony went straight into eating his slice. It was burning hot and definitely had burned a few taste buds, but much like his coffee Tony didn’t care. He was half way through the pizza when he noticed that Steve had only taken a couple bites.
“That was supposed to be the key I gave you after I asked you to move in with me. I was going to make dinner and ask you, but instead I sat alone in my apartment wanting for the boyfriend that showed up too late and too drunk.” Tony said, as he put another waffle on a plate and handed it to Steve.” Instead he got the key by himself, and it was romantic like it should have been.”
“Honesty, I have no idea. He is beautiful, kind, and made good coffee.” Tony smiled at the thought of coffee and Steve.
“That’s amazing Tony! Do you know how many lives that will change? When is it going throu- Wait why would Steve be mad at you for that?” Rhodey asked. Tony looked at Steve. He seemed just as confused. Tony was worried that Steve would put this into the it’s too much category. Seeing as he only started making the design, because of the story he told of Bucky. What if Steve got mad at him for making the arm. What if he didn’t let Bucky have the arm that was made for him. Tony looked away from the rest of the group as he spiraled. He needed to stop before someone said something, so Tony started talking.
“Here,” Tony said, handing the water over to Steve,” You are going to need it.” Steve just nodded and took the water.
When he walked out he saw Pepper sitting on his bed. She smiled at him before telling him, “Now Tony you need to play nice with Steve. Remember that if wants to play you need to be safe. So don’t be silly Tony and wrap your willy.”
After a few minutes of this Tony just sighed and shook his head. He turned around and went into the kitchen to grab the key and a glass of water. Then walked back to Steve who had only moved to close the door behind him.
Steve looked at him in aww. Tony had butterflies swarm again. In hopes of settling them done he worked on finishing his pizza.
“Steve would be mad, because this is what I’ve been working on in the lab. I keep forgetting things, so I can work. I know Tony you need to sleep. Tony you have to go to classes. Tony you need to eat. I’ve heard it all before. It’s I work on something and it becomes my world. Steve doesn’t like it when I don’t take care of myself.” Tony rambled out. Never saying the real reason, but the way Steve’s arms tighten around him. Tony realizes that Steve knows he isn’t telling the truth.
“It’s okay.” Tony smiled,” I understand, but that doesn’t mean you won't be sleeping on the couch tonight.” With that he went up to his room. Leaving Steve standing there glass in hand.
Tony stumbled into his apartment late at night. Pepper texted him to remind him to eat. Signing Tony went into the kitchen to grab a small meal before he cashed. He found leftover chinese that he hadn’t ordered. That ment Pepper was here earlier. Grabbing the chow main and orange chicken out of the fridge not bothering to heat it up. Standing over his kitchen sink as he eats Tony cant help but think about how he was going to tell Steve that not only is he required to work on the Arm, but also now head of R&D medical. Maybe he should just have him over for a nice dinner. He could make his mother alfredo and apple pie for desert. With his plain made and food Tony went up the stairs and crashed.
“You’re one to talk. You look like a model in the tux.” Steve said still blushing, eyes racking over Tony’s form.
“Are you okay, Sir?” Superman asked while he wrote down Tony’s order. He had a faint smile on his lips.
“Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming home?” Tony asked, his voice muffled in Rhodey’s uniform.
“What is this I hear that Tony Stark went on a date. Yet he didn’t tell his best friend. Do you kno-” The voice stopped as Tony grabbed on to him.” Hey Tones.” Hugging Tony back.
“ Here it is” She held up a slip of paper, and walked into the backroom. She came back holding Steve’s bouquet. “Here you are Mr.Stark.”
“Why are you always with him Tony? I haven’t seen you more than maybe four times in the past month and a half.” Steve said his lip curled in a snarl. Just like that the light around Steve changed. He was no longer soft. He was big and scary. The light behind him amplifying the hard edges it once softened. Closing his eye Tony pushed back the memories of Howard.
Tony meet Rhodey in high school. Rhodey got in the private school by scholarships and pure dedication. He had taken every AP class he could and then he took the test. Somehow he always passed those tests with nothing lower than a 4. By the time they graduated high school Rhodey was halfway done with college. He ended up signing up for the air-force and enrolling in MIT.Tony was proud of his best friend. Every once in a while Rhodey would stay at Tony’s.
Once everyone was comfortable, Tony explained everything that had happened the day before. He explained the bad pick up line. The coffee he got along with a response. The way his heart fluttered before his date. How they talked about their pasts. He explained how Steve was an artist. How they ended the night with a sweet kiss. Tony talked about how he was happy that they hadn’t had sex. Tony smiled the whole time he talked about Steve.
“Okay” They both stood there for a solid minute before they broke down and started laughing. They walked over to the counter where another college student stood. “ What can I get you?” He asked.
The rest of the night went well. They cheered for the brake though. They told stories better left untold. Tony didn’t care about anything else at that moment. This was a moment he wanted frozen in time. Frozen so he could walk back into it sit on Steve’s lap and just be happy. This was a moment that Tony wanted to hold close so when the bad times came him and Steve were fighting. He could come back to it and remember that this is was worth fighting for. Tony could help but hold on to it and never let go.
Tony had fallen in love with Steve. He loved how Steve didn’t expect to have sex right a way. It took three weeks for them to fuck for the first time.
“Okay,” Steve laughed,” Lets talk about happy things. What are you majoring in? I’m going in to art and history aka I’m going to be an art historian. At least I hope so.” Steve smiled.
Pepper smiled at him. Tony took that as a good thing. Steve would need Peppers aprovel if was going to continue to date Tony.
Tony was curled up on the couch working on his designs for a robotic arm. He the robotic worked out without a doubt. The thing that kept causing him problems was the outside of the arm and weight. He couldn’t make the arm too heavy or too light. Being too light wasn’t going to be a problem. Trying to lower the weight of everything was. Sighing Tony closed the laptop. Know that it would just frustrate him further.
The next morning Tony woke up happy. His ass hurt but in the best way possible, and he was hoping for a second round. When he realized that the bed was empty. He had no human space heater. No one was wrapped up around him in a way that he felt protected. His supermen left him alone in bed. Opening his eyes Tony looked around.
Getting up to start getting ready. Tony thought that he should remind Steve to wear the tux. With the text sent off Tony to shower. Once dried off he went to put his on. It was a basic tux that he had from the Christmas party he had to attend the year before. Next on his list was to do his makeup. He went simple so not draw too much attention. Happy with his look. Tony called a taxi to get Howard’s car.
“Oh, I was wondering if you would be up for being the first one to test it. Oliver and I can’t really test it fully. We need someone who doesn’t have an arm.” Tony shrugged,” You just need to come in one day, so we can do measurements and all that. Then give me a week. Come in again and you leave with an arm. Every couple of weeks you come in and me or Oliver will check everything over. After a year of that, given everything goes fine, you are done with the test, and just have an arm.”Tony looked at Bucky hoping that the man will say yes. If he doesn't Tony’s going to have a lot more work to do.
Steve release Tony hands. Only to wrap his arms around Tony. They stand there looking at the pond. Tony might be worried that he was going to mess things up.Steve was everything he wanted in a partner. Pushing those thoughts away, Tony lens into Steve.He felt safe right here in Steve’s arms. This is where he belongs.
“Yes to the wine.” Tony smiled to Steve. Who just looked scared and nerves. “We want one glass of the E. GUIGAL Côte-Rôtie La Mouline 1990. Thank you.” Tony said. Turning back to Steve he couldn’t help but smile. Steve looked at him strangely when he asked for one glass, but he didn’t ask.
Tony smiled as he walked to class. Maybe today wasn’t turning out to bad. Now he just had to deal with mister “I know more Physics than you do so shut up”. The man sucked at physics. Tony was constantly correcting his work. At this point He was practically teaching the class. This is what he gets for trying to be normal.
“Yeah, I started the next day, and have been working on it since. I hadn’t thought of making prosthetic before, so when you told me out about Buck it got me thinking. How can I make a prosthetic that will help the people who need it.” Tony didn’t know when he got off the bed, or when he started hyperventilating. “Then last month you told me not to get you expensive things. Only I couldn’t just stop the project. It was going to help so many people. I couldn’t stop it and hurt them Steve. My dad makes weapons that hurts them and I just want to help them. Why can’t I help them Steve.” Tony started crying and he didn’t know how to stop.
“It went well. We talked… he had me clarify my horrible pick up line. It was something about my dads World War two project.” Tony said before she could ask what it was. Now she just looks at him in disappointment.”I know not my best, but it just slipped out.”
“We know, Peter, we know,” Matt said, patting my shoulder. I rolled my eyes, huffing. At least Bucky and Clint were following. Although I'm pretty sure that if I fell only Matt would actually catch me. Sometimes those three were evil.
He bit his lip anxiously before he came out and caught my hand. Taking a breath beforehand, he plunged the needle into the spinneret in my right wrist.
“Turns out, we have a lot more in common than we thought, Spider-Man,” Doc Ock comments. I can't help but quirk my eyebrow at him in sarcastic curiosity. “Sure, we do.” The mad scientist grins like there's something he knows that I don't and I really hate that look. He leans in and whispers into my ear, “We're both men of science, aren't we… my former intern.”
“Pool..” Clint warns, but Deadpool shakes his head. “Nope! Not listening to you Tweety. This time no one's taking Petey-pie away without getting through this hot bod first,” Deadpool swears.
A scream fled from my throat and I think Natasha and Clint flinched as they watched on. It felt like fire. My blood was burning.. I was burning from the inside out and I tried to move away – to flee, but hands held me still. I flung my head back, hoping to get them to release me if I managed to hit them, but hands found their way onto my head and stopped me.
Couldn't help but snag some fruit while I was waiting for them to finish cooking. I was going to need all the energy I could get for webslinging later on. They seemed to know that best. Bucky kept piling food on my plate and Steve had me drink a glass of orange juice as well as a glass of milk. Tony just gave me a sympathetic look as if all the food would make me pop. I admit, I feel like I came close.
Daredevil's mouth twitched and I could almost believe that he'd heard my thoughts. It was possible.. right?
Steve chuckles. “He tried to stay up to be there when you woke up, but looking for you took a lot out of him.”
Sorry it's taken so long.  This point of perspective is a little hard for me to write.  I might need to change it.  What do you think?
I whined and shivered. “Please..” I begged, trembling as the pain became too much to bare. Sweat trickled down my face, ignored.
“So, Doc, where'd you get Venom bits from?” I was well within my rights to be curious. Being held captive by a crazy genius and a sharp clawed, hairy mutant gave me enough reason to be curious. And I might've also been a little bit freaked out. Anyways, how the fuck does one get Venom bits when Venom is supposed to be locked up in SHIELD like a bug in a jar?
When I heard his collar crack, I refused to just stand by and let him get hurt protecting me. My fingers curled around his forearms and pulled with my superhuman strength. “Peter!” he hissed, but I ignored him.
Peter experiences something he never wanted to experience again, except this time it's a little different and he's not sure he can be saved.
“Don't worry, Pete,” Steve said, giving my shoulder a reassuring squeeze. “Tony will monitor your progress from here and if you need any help for anything, we'll be there.”
“What? Peter didn't see,” Bucky responded, dragging me up with him as he sat up and kicked his over the couch edge. He didn't have to try hard to pull me into his lap. I was firmly keeping my face pressed into his shirt. Light was evil after all.
I hope you enjoyed this.  If you want to know what I'm currently working on/estimates of when I'll be updating, I tend to post those on my tumblr (tabihe).
So.....  turns out I do love a good dose of distraction from reality.  That equals an second update within 24hrs.  I hope you enjoy it.  Guess some good comes out of have a family emergency (not just hiding from problems = updating fanfics, other stuff too).
I laughed a little, feeling ridiculous. As if they couldn't take care of themselves. They sure as hell could. Feeling a little more at ease with the Avengers facing the Green Goblin, I watched on.
Red hot rage washed over me at the very thought that Fury was late. I wanted to wrap my hand around his throat, lift him in the air and shake him, demanding answers. It was
His shirt smelled vaguely of the sterile smell of the Medbay and I stilled, sleep abandoning me. “Why do you smell like a hospital?” I asked, heart pounding with adrenaline. “Who got hurt?”
I shrugged. Why? Tony. That was the only answer one needed when asked 'why' with anything Tony involved.
“I'm fine, you guys,” I tried to reassure them, but my voice sounded worn out and exhausted, even to me.
“Nothing, I-” Yikes, Steve's glare was enough to make even Spider-Man want to cry. “The truth, Peter. Now,” Bucky growled. If one super soldier was bad, two was coma inducing.
It's a bright room with lights to make me wince. It's so bright, but it feels so dark. It's not cold, but it feels like I'm going to freeze.
Cap shifts me in his arms. “I've got you.” He looks at them and commands, “Let's get out of here. Now!”
“Don't get used to it. - Not you, Yellow. No one can ever get used to you. - White, behave! Don't make me come in there,” Deadpool warns, and before I realize it, laughter fills the room. Deadpool stares at me, shocked. I'm pretty shocked myself. I hadn't realized… It's me laughing.
“Just once I want to have a quiet night. Seriously. Can't a Spider scratch in peace?” I grumbled as I webbed ahead of the police cars, heading towards a building on fire.
The door opens and Matt steps through with a small, amused smile on his face.  “Do you now?”  Oh heck, he's teasing me.  I scowl at him.  “Dude, last time I was here, I had just kicked the ass of an overzealous alien symbiote.”  Matt gives me a look, I can tell when he does even from behind the mask.  “Fine!”  I concede.  “I got my ass kicked too.  I'm not the one locked in a bottle, though am I?”  Matt chuckles and I kind of want to make set off a stink bomb in his apartment now.  Take that super senses.
I open my eyes, glaring at a scientist I've heard called Dr. Vanquil. Gooseflesh makes its way down my limbs. “Why don't you go visit a blood drive or something. Isn't that where vampires go for snacks?” I retort.
Bucky, Clint, and Bruce were the only ones in the living room. They all looked up at Jarvis' announce me.
My morning was great! I ate breakfast, got Clint and Natasha to not stalk me (or at least promise not to unless there were problems), and Tony gave me a new suit he designed to be stronger and more durable. I wanted to tell him that I'd done pretty damn well up until now, but the look on Tony's face and the worry in Steve's eyes took the fight right out of me. It was alright but the capabilities seemed a little more restricted. Tony and I would have to have a talk about that later.
“Stay still,” the doctor ordered. He was looking more and more like a cross between a mad scientist and a twisted doctor. Then again, with what I know about Hydra… How could he be anything but?
He pulls out a vial with some red, liquid inside. It's not blood because it's the wrong color. It's not quite a liquid persay because it seems to slosh around at a different rate and stick to the glass surface a little. “Oohhhh… scary. A vial of red jello. How ever will I survive the horror.” I sarcastically roll my eyes. It's not a good idea. It's never a good idea. But who said I was made of good ideas. I'm the one who jumped off Avengers Tower after the Goblin without my webshooters.
“Hello there,” I said, voice soft and surprisingly fond. I didn't realize it until now. I missed it. I missed being Spider-Man, swinging from skyscrapers and taking criminals down. I missed doing my part to keep the city safe.
I stepped out of the shower feeling a lot better than I'd gotten in. Sure, I was still a bit tired, but I felt stronger. There was no scientific explanation for it, but things seemed clearer.
Gasping, he put his hand over the arc reactor in with a betrayed expression. “I can make spaghetti.”
The restraints, the feel of light on my skin, the wisp of a breeze, the sounds of movement. Everything was all jumbled together and I couldn't remember what was happening. The only thing I knew, is that I'm in pain.
They led me down to the Medbay with gloved hands. Not literally gloved, but I almost think they should've. They were painfully delicate with me. Steve and Tony clung to each others' hands as if it could solve everything. It made me heart ache. I wanted desperately to tell them that I was okay, that I was going to be okay, but there was a feeling deep in my stomach that made me nervous.
“Sshh, Peter,” Captain America said softly to me. “You're okay.” He sounded choked up. “We're here for you. You're going to be okay. We've got you now.”
I relished the power. At least, I did until I nearly killed a mugger. That was when I realized that I hadn't quite learned the lesson Uncle Ben had given me. I thought that being given mutant spider powers was the greatest power I would ever have. But Venom. Venom was a power greater than Spider-Man. Venom enhanced Spider-Man and also took control of him. It was then that I knew that Venom was another power that I needed to be responsible about.
It was almost comical the way their eyes widened. The way the blood drained from their faces and their worried voices was not.
“Ahh, not gone, just… locked away. However, a relative of Venom isn't.” He holds up the vial, close enough that I can see the liquid squirm as it flows upwards. “Meet Carnage.”
"Well, well, well Peter, if you wanted to get closer, all you had to do was ask."  And yeah, hearing the Goblin say that creeped me the heck out.  There was no way that I was giong to be able to forget the last time the Goblin grabbed me in my civilian identity.  Yeah, no.  That was how Carnage had first come about.  Fucking Osborne.  There is no way in hell I was going to let Goblin have at anymore.  At least, anymore than I could help it, which was a bit disconcerting.
The only thing I can do as I shut my eyes and let the world fade into darkness, is pray that this isn't a dream.
“They're okay!” Tony insisted. I gave him a look and he explained, “They took a few hits between them but Deadpool managed to get them out okay. The X-Men stepped in and took Doc Ock and Sabertooth out.”
To be able to bypass SHIELD and get to something in SHIELD's possession was a big deal. It could be done, I knew from Clint and Natasha, but it was difficult and pulling the wool over Fury's eyes wasn't easy –
Fingers prodded my jaw, and I flinched back as if I'd been slammed with Thor's hammer. I cried. I couldn't stop crying, and my lips moved without my consent, begging, pleading. But it was to no avail.
“Not a problem,” I replied, lungs rasping a bit from the smoke. “Make sure the paramedics take a look at her.”
As I squinted again against the light, Tony spoke up, “Jarvis, dim the lights.” I shot him a grateful look as the bright lights dimmed and it didn't feel like each ray of light was trying to stab my eyes to death. He smiled back at me in return.
Steve and Tony knew.  The Avengers knew.  They all knew about my loss.  I wasn't exactly the easiest teenage son they could adopt, but they did.  I didn't talk to them much for the first few months.  I trusted them as Avengers, but how could I trust them as a family when I had never known them as anything more than the world famous Avengers?  I couldn't.  But they understood.  When I had trouble, they were there.  When I needed help, they were there.  If I needed distance, they stood back.  I hadn't known that they would come to care for me.  I couldn't believe that I could come to care for them as I do now.
“So, how much do you remember?  You took a pretty had hit.”  Fury questioned, his eyes seeking something.  “Um...” My head spun as I thought back to before.  Getting ready to eat... Bucky... Pops.. Dad.... Jumping out of the Tower (which really wasn't that unusual)... and then... The Goblin!  He had been there.  He's the reason I jumped!  Bombs, he was trying to blow my family sky high!  ---- Oh.  It clicked.  Shit.  I jumped.  Nobody jumps at a lunatic on a glider 60 stories in the fucking air.  You had to be insane or.... you had to be used to it.  They knew.  'My family knows I'm different,' I was panicking internally.  'Oh God, they know.'
Everyone did, actually. It was hard not to when your weapons weren't on your persons. Deadpool and Daredevil had kept their weapons, but myself and the others? We weren't quite expecting to be attacked.
“Tony!” Steve snapped, jolting him from his panicked state. “You are the one who needs to calm down, dear.” He gave Tony an understanding, but “I take no nonsense” kind of look. Clint and Bucky smiled in the background and Deadpool “ooh-ed”.
I kept ignoring that little tingle in the back of my head, because 'duh, I know I'm totally about to get blown up!'  Besides, there was more danger from my parents and the other Avengers.  Mentally I cringed at the thought of that talk in the future.  Although, on the plus side, the bomb was about to explode, so maybe there wouldn't be a future.  ~And that was totally a thought I did not want to have.  I might have been on the edge after the Goblin killed Gwen, but I was not ready to join her when New York still needed Spider-Man.
Steve carried me over to sit next to Bucky on the extra large couch. “Can we have pizza too?” I called.
And then Deadpool happened.  The way he always happens.  At least he was talking to himself, well the boxes.  “Don't talk like that.  Spidey'll be up and running in no time and then we'll kick that fucker's ass for hurting our Spidey.”  Oh god.  I blanched and squeezed Matt's hand a bit harder than he would probably have liked.  Everyone instantly froze at the mention of 'Spidey'.  I wanted to jump on Wade and shake his head, damn him and his boxes.  He couldn't shut up until I said anything?  Nope.  Just come right out and say it Deadpool.  “Well, that came out fast.  Just not from the one who was meant to say it.”  If Matt hadn't been blind, he would have been shooting Wade a disapproving glare.  I had been on the receiving end of his mental glare several times as had Wade.  It was very effective, even on him.  Wade deflated instantly when he realized what he'd said.  “Uhh… opps?  I mean that other Spidey guy.  Wait, that's not right.  Dude, the guy who you know who's not swinging on webs now.”  He kept rambling on, trying to make up excuses.  But nope.  It was out there.  Outted by the Merc with the Mouth.  That was fate, wasn't it?
Glass shattered as my body fell through it and into a smoky room. “Hey!” I yelled, holding back a cough as smoke entered my lungs. “Where are you?”
A woman rushed up to me as I put Ginny down on the ground. I watched as the mother pulled her daughter into her arms and squeezed her tightly, trembling. “Thank you,” she told me.
Clint looked even more shaken than everyone else.  “Oh God, I almost killed you.”  I cringed as Tony held onto Steve to keep him from falling.  Clint kept repeating that phrase looking terrified, his face drained of blood.  “Clint.”  He kept talking about shooting me with arrows and cutting my web so I fell.  It had hurt, but I hadn't died.  “Clint.”  He didn't stop.  Was he going into shock or something?  “Clint!”  I yelled at him, finally getting his attention.  Honestly, it looked more like he was going to commit suicide before anyone might murder him over nearly killing me.  “Still alive.  Right here.”  I widely gestured to myself, ignoring the pain.  “Besides, if a bird brain was enough to kill me the Vulture would've killed me ages ago.”  And… obviously they didn't find that joke very funny.  I did.  I could laugh.
“Here,” Tony said, tossing one of the Avengers comms to me. I looked at it curiously before looking up at Tony. “This time, you'll have Jarvis in your ear and well, me too – obviously.”
I settled beside Steve with Bucky on my other side. “Oh, come on. Why can it be a Team Red pile on?” Deadpool whined. Matt raised an unamused eyebrow. “Fine,” Deadpool relented. “I'll just sit over here with you.” He proceeded to sit on the armrest of the chair Matt had reclaimed. Matt did not look pleased.
I shrugged and stretched out over the couch. The majority of the Avengers had gone to a meeting on the Helicarrier with SHIELD. Only Bucky and Bruce were there.
I barely heard the shocked intakes of air from my two companions. I was so fucked if they tried to move me. “Peter… what do you...” Daredevil's question trailed off. He could tell something was off. It would click any minute now. “You mean...” Daredevil sounded uneasy. It was a tone that I hated to hear from his mouth.
“Didn't want your family to join us, Peter?  That's too bad.” The Goblin cackled as he grabbed my wrists and I struggled to gain the upper hand.  “This is just between you and me, Gobbie,” I countered.  Which was totally the wrong thing for me to say apparently because the Goblin just smirked in a creepy way and replied with his voice dripping in a sweet sounding venom.  “Well then, it looks like I get you all to myself.”
'Calm down'? He wants me to calm down? He hasn't been stuck in the Tower for a week with the Avengers mother-henning him to boredom. “What about Steve and Tony?” They would most likely have some objections to letting me out again. Especially as Spider-Man. I wouldn't put it passed them if I got trailed from now on.
I looked over at Matt, whose lips were curved downward in a slight frown. I waved another orange slice at him. “I'm okay, just a bit tired,”
I sigh in relief as I hear the pounding of hearts in the room, sounds of the city dulled but present. “Peter?” Steve softly questions. I look over to him and he slides over next to me, tugging me away from Matt and Bucky and into his chest. I feel like a child when his strong arms wrap around me and hug me tightly. I find I really don't want to move from his arms.
I frowned, 'I don't want to rest.. I'm freaking out.. What if I don't wake up?' I struggled to open my mouth, to keep my eyes open. But a hand, fingers running through my hair, threading themselves with a strong but gentle touch was starting to make me relax. It was a wonderful feeling. There was something different about that hand, but it was just so.. reassuring that I sighed.
Somehow, it would be okay. I had Earth's mightiest heroes on my side as well as a kickbutt vigilante and an ex-mercenary.
“Spidey!?” Deadpool appeared in my vision. He looked worried behind the mask and then Daredevil joined him, looking just as concerned. I found it odd how I'd learned to read them, mask or no. Take that Daredevil. I know when you're worried.
'Shit.' I winced. This was just like that time.. that time I didn't want to remember. I pushed the pang of sadness, of loss down, but I knew that they saw the hurt flash across my face when Tony reached out and squeezed my shoulder lightly.
Fury opened his mouth to say something when I blurted out.  “I'm sorry!”  I was sure I was tripping over my own tongue as I repeated the apology several times.   Fury must've noticed I wasn't about to stop on my own, because suddenly his hand was over my mouth.  Bodily contact from Fury.  Oh that was creepy.  Creepy, but effective as any further apologies were swept from thought.  “Kid, it's fine.”  Fury assured me, his voice oddly comforting.  “They would have found out eventually.  Frankly, I'm surprised they didn't find out sooner,” Fury stated, sounding mildly disappointed with the Avengers and likely his own agents in the Avengers who were supposed to know everyone's business (except SHIELD's).  “I was more worried about you when we brought you here.”  Fury's confession of emotions made me smile a little bit.  You had to be pretty close, or, in my case, kind of stupid, to get Fury attached to you.
Bruce's brows furrowed and he connected the dots quickly. “You're not sure?” I nodded. “Show me,” he demanded.
I curled up against him, the soft whirring of his robotic arm and the strong beat of his heart lulling me to sleep. They'd most likely get around to getting me medically checked out, but right now I was fine. Bodily exhausted, but my limbs weren't about to randomly fall off.
In the coming days, I was plagued by nightmares and often woke up crying and screaming. The first time I had a nightmare like that, all of the Avengers had raced into the room, armed with whatever they could find and looking ready to kill whoever caused my pain. It was almost comical how Deadpool had crashed through my window, guns at the ready only to learn that there was no enemy and I was only having bad dreams.
Focusing, I could hear a steady beep and the rhythmic drip of a hospital room.  Hospitals – always places that got my attention real fast (because, honestly who loves them?).  It took a little bit of effort but I opened my eyes, blinking until I finally found a small indentation on the ceiling.  How... familiar.......  I groaned internally finally recognizing where I was, a ghostly throb of my head making me wince.  'Well Parker, welcome back to SHIELD,' I thought to myself unhappily.
“Psh, you're anything but fine Petey-pie. Unless we're talking about your body, then you are smokin' hot fine,” Wade implied. I rolled my eyes and listened to Matt's soft chuckle in my ear.
My breath was coming in erratic gasps as my flesh quivered. It was beyond painful to keep the hybrid back. It dulled my strength and made my spider sense ache with a burning pain in my head. I could barely hear the way Daredevil and Deadpool were murmuring words of comfort, trying to “soothe the savage beast”.
SHIELD finally makes an appearance (late!), but it's a painful process to get free.  Luckily Peter has two of his best friends.
Things move too fast for me to keep up. Fury's talking to SHIELD on his comm and Tony's got everyone up and out of there, ready for the fight. I bite my lip, worrying about them as I watch from a level that's been reinforced to hold up to an attack, twice.
“Gah!” I cried out as pain lanced through my wrists. I held them out to see, but my suit was in the way. I wanted to growl and rip them off, but I knew that I mustn't. If I tore them off, my webshooters would have to go with them and standing on the edge of a high rise webshooter-less was a recipe for disaster.
Dr. Vanquil smirks, as if my retort is so petty and naive. “Now, now there. You've got a fascinating physiology and, really, it needs more studying. The dark taint to your veins appears to be in connection with some sort of alien life form.”
Jarvis open the window in the living room and I waved back at them before I jumped, whooping as I went. The rush of the air, the fearless falling – I was back and this time I wouldn't let Goblin or anyone else take me down.
My eyes slid around the room, searching. Black Widow and Hawkeye were nowhere to be seen. Neither was my favorite motor-mouthed mercenary.
“Sssh.. we're here, it'll be okay, Peter,” Matt's voice assured me. Wet tears streaked down my cheeks, staining my skin. “Hang on, Petey-pie,” Wade murmured. “Eyepatch is coming.”
Wade laughs. “Man, do not get me started on those. These dicks gave me some kind of shit soup for dinner. You cannot torture me with thoughts of those heavenly Mexican treats.”
I grinned and Bucky chuckled. They were perfect for each other. Not to say they didn't have any fights. They did. Those were doozies, but they always managed to come right back together like puzzle pieces.
'… what the fuck? Why were they waking us up if it wasn't even light outside yet?' I blearily questioned.
“Peter,” Matt caught my attention. “You're okay here. Even if you did go out, how many people could you help in your condition?” Deadpool yelped when Matt finally broke his finger. Lesson: When Matt tells you to stop poking him, stop.
Where were they? I needed help badly. Like 9-1-1 times a gazillion. Fury? Ding dong. There's trouble. Answer this little spider's prayers and get me the fuck out of here.
Nick Fury catches my eye as Natasha and Clint murmur something about getting answers the hard way. The director stares at me and I know he's concerned. I mouth to him “I'm okay” and he inclines his head. He doesn't believe me. I don't believe me, but he accepts it. It's all we can do for now.
Bucky reached out and gently threaded his fingers through my hair, smiling a little. “Get some rest. Stark and Dr. Banner are working on fixing this.”
As if Bucky knew what I was thinking, a metal hand rested on the back of my head, fingers intertwining in my short hair. “Don't worry, kid.” His gruff voice seemed to echo in my ear. I could hear the tell-tale sound of sleep leave his voice as he became more and more awake by the moment. “We'll be right here with you. No matter what.”
The chapter is a bit short, but I think I'm finding the way that I want to go, so updates should come a bit sooner than this one did.  Again, my apologies.
“Now that you've shut up, why don't we continue,” Doc Ock popped the lid off the vial and held it over my head. Now would be a good time to get the fuck out of there. Eyes wide, I struggled against my bonds as they dug and tore into my skin. “How about we just don't?” Maybe I was too weak or something but the restraints just weren't giving. 'Fuck fuck fuck fuck…'
“Good,” the doctor said, smile unlike his earlier murderous attitude. The sudden flip in his mood was disconcerting.
Bucky smiles a little when I relax my hand, letting him pull it away from my slightly bleeding chest. “That's it, Peter. You're okay. Everything's okay,” he soothes. I nod, dumbly. It's okay. Isn't it? It should be.
“Wade...” I said carefully as my breathing evened out. “Your mask, Wade it's gone.”  He just shushed me and assured me it was okay.  I frowned, a bit confused.  He let me go, stepping back as silence fell over the room again.  Fucking silence.  I normally like it, but Deadpool was silent and that wasn't the best thing.  I liked hearing his voice as he rambled.  “Peter,” Phil got my attention.  “Deadpool and Daredevil need to be briefed about the situation.  We're going to find him before he comes after you again.”  Phil's eyes swept the Avengers faces.  “I think the Avengers are going to need an explanation.  We'll be in another room.  Daredevil will let us know if you need us,” he said that like it was a bit of a question at the end and Matt just nodded, understanding.  I nodded slowly.  I didn't know if I wanted to be alone in the room with my family, but after everything.  Yeah, it was time they knew.  It was obviously out in the open now.  No denying it.
Bucky must've sensed how anxious it made me, because he pulled me tighter against him with my body tucked safely away in his reach. It didn't take much to force my fears down. I was exhausted mentally and physically and the drain of adrenaline from my body made me feel drugged. But most importantly, I was with those I trusted and loved.
It was a good plan. After I got its attention, I made sure that it would come after me. Like bees to honey. Unfortunately that plan also had me falling into a music studio. And by falling I mean being bodily thrown like a discus.
I glared at him, gooseflesh rippling across my body and my discolored veins burning inside my flesh.
I raised an eyebrow. Did he really think I was going to be quiet just because he said so? 'Puh-lease~'
“Tony..” Steve started, but Tony kept rambling on and on about facts he'd learned about SHIELD, about calling Fury in on the matter… There was something about coffee thrown in there, but I have no idea where that came from.
“Peter,” a voice breathes, and I turn my head to see Matt sitting by my side. He looks tired, shoulders heavy as if he's not been able to relax for a long time. I wonder if it's my fault?
Doc Ock looked at me in confusion while Sabertooth eyed me with a certain murderous annoyance. “What do you mean, insect?” I rolled my eyes. Everyone's a critic. Either that or stupid because spiders are not insects. How many times do I have to say it before someone finally learns?
My ear drums burst, blood dripping from them down my neck as sound waves tore into my skin. It screeched in my mind and I felt a grim sense of satisfaction as it whined in pain.
Dr. Vanquil set aside his device and pulled out a scalpel and container. “I think this time we'll try working with your dermis.”
I opened my mouth to ask them if they were real, but the only thing that came out was a quiet breath. 'Huh… I guess I can be shut up.' And wasn't that something that was a major blow to my talkative ego.
Or so I'd thought. Yet here I was, months later, looking at that vial and thinking…. 'Is that red jello really the same Carnage I'd given a bath of molten metal?'
Clint narrowed his eyes at me. “Those there are fightin' words, Tex,” he said in a Texan accent. I raised an eyebrow, “Well, actually, there winning words.” I smirked as he growled and began to set everything up.
The Avengers exchanged glances with each other. I ignored the way Matt and Wade caught each others' eyes. If they wanted to tell the Avengers, they could. I just didn't want to have to explain. I just couldn't do it right now.
I raised an eyebrow and looked at the ceiling where I knew Jarvis' cameras were installed. “Breakfast for lunch?”
With whatever my condition is, there are no guarantees that I wouldn't be a liability. I grind my teeth, clenching and unclenching my hands into fists, ignoring the way my wrists twinge. I know.
I shrug, holding back a flinch as my bare skin swipes over the chill of the metal. “I dunno, Doc. I think I'd like my own green teammate if you guys get yours. Fair's fair,” I quip.
Sheepishly, but shamelessly trying to divert Steve's suspicions, I asked, “So.. SHIELD has them in custody, right?”
Weakly, I nodded, and then, free of the restraints, I slumped forward into Cap's arms. He held me gently, as if I were some precious package. I wanted to reassure him, reassure them all that I was okay, but after what I'd been through… I'm couldn't be sure. Not right now.
It's quiet when I wake up and for a second there it looks like the room is completely empty. Even with my hearing, there's nothing. No city sounds, no breathing. I'm frozen with sudden panic and fear. Where is everyone? Where are they? What happened?
“Well..” Wade pulls away and looks at the small table in the cell. “They left you some of that soup shit. It's probably cold now, but...”
The day Wade Wilson, aka Deadpool, made waffles over pancakes was the day he lost his mind. ..Well, the rest of it.
I flare up, unable to take my own self being powerless in his clutches. “Afraid of someone who's dressed like some crappy Halloween wannabe? Pft!” I laughed, even if it was a little bit forceful. “You're some kind of screwed up in the head, buddy.”
“How are they..” I asked, voice trailing off as I became too nervous and afraid of the answer.  “Dealing with their son and adopted family member throwing himself at a crazy lunatic 60 stories in the air and nearly getting himself killed?”  'Well, when you say it like that..'  I nodded dumbly, a bit ashamed of myself for forgetting to think before I jumped.  Fury sighed and rubbed his good eye.  'Ehh.. not a good sign,' I thought to myself, 'which probably means that definitely Tony, and anyone else who could stand up to the director, were annoying him.'  Tony had a habit of reacting... kind of like a nuclear explosion.  When he wanted something, he could do the craziest things and say some of the most insulting things ever (a good reason why he got in trouble...a lot).
“Sorry, Buck. We just got back from SHIELD. Didn't notice you and Peter were sleeping on the couch,” Steve apologetically answered.
“Oh..” I weakly got out. I was on the top the ledge of some high rise's roof, overlooking Manhattan. It was a spectular view. The only problem was.. I don't remember how I got there.
breathed fire in my body, lashing out with the desire to destroy/protect. I whimpered, too strung out to care about any verbal outbursts.
“Yeah, yeah, threats and predatory glares all around. Are you going to start spilling your evil plan now or should I take a nap and wait until you get to the end?” The angry sound that grinds between Doc Ock's teeth is so worth it.
“Horrible,” I half-lied. Of course I should have known better then to try and lie to a human lie detector. Daredevil scoffed, seeing – or rather, hearing through my own lie.
My arm jerks occasionally as Deadpool frantically types a message on his phone, humming “Something Happened on the Way to Heaven” by Phil Collins. Daredevil's hand clasps my shoulder, reminding me not to fling myself (and by extension) Deadpool out into the fray.
I can't believe how good it feels to get this off my chest.  I feel so much happier now.  Sure, I ache and feel like I got hit by an elephant, but this feels better.  I'm sure Matt can hear the relief in my voice.  “And, joining SHIELD?”  Natasha breaks up the light atmosphere.  “You said, you got closer to SHIELD after you were here last.  What happened?”  And the somber atmosphere returns.  God, I don't want to tell them.  I just want to get the fuck out of here.  Seriously, I don't want to relive that bullshit.
I twitched away when he tried again. Aggravated, he called the guards to hold me still, then he slowly cut into my skin, stripping off a piece.
They weren't doing a bad job but.. I never wanted to drag them into my battles. He was after me. Always had been. It shouldn't be their business.
“Strap him in,” the doctor ordered, tapping at an iPad like device, not even bothering to look at me.
Sliding my fingertips over the spider design, my lips curved in a small grin. Perhaps I was ready after all. I grabbed the suit and slung the clothes I had put on after my shower frantically on my bed. It felt so good – like a second skin – as I slipped the suit on.
“Can we just.. not?” I asked, weakly. What happened with the hybrid was just so recent in my mind. Memories kept bubbling up and Carnage and Venom mixing with that of the hybrid. Terror. Horror. Unquenchable anger. Loss. Loss of control, of oneself.
“Call SHIELD,” I told them, shakily. “You need to get them down here with the sonic disruptor and a sonic emitter cage.” It made me shiver as a wave of disgust ran through me. I could feel that
Let me know what you thought, comment - I might get some inspiration and motivation for the next chapter.
Dr. Vanquil stanched the blood with some gauze and then disinfected it. He then took a bandage and wrapped it around my arm, taping it there. Apparently, the not-so-good doctor didn't believe I needed stitches, or perhaps he'd need another “access point” to my insides. I shivered. It felt so
Bucky shifted underneath me for a moment before giving up. I didn't have the heart to make him move. He was quite comfortable for a man made of muscle with a robotic arm.
I looked up as Bucky laid me gently on my bed. The bed shifted as he lay down beside me. “I.. um, I might have some dreams that might be a bit..” I struggled for a second, “violent.” When Bucky didn't flinch, I continued. “I know you can hear them and.. it was bad. It was
And that's when Sabertooth steps out into the light. Smug bastard. “Okay~ weird.” He grins evilly at me. I hate him. Him and his… fluffy fur. “Enjoyin' the trip?” Oh yeah, totally enjoying the trip. I raise my hand to wipe that smug grin off his stupid face, but yelp when the chains snap taunt, pulling my hand back down. He chuckles and I think about how much he'd chuckle if I wrapped him like a mummy with duck tape.
My brows furrowed as I rearranged myself on the couch, ignoring the way my wrists twinged with pain. “Pancakes?” I yelled the question at him as I stuck my head over the couch. He turned and waggled his fingers at me. “Noo….. Waffles.” He snickered at his obvious lie and I shook my head fondly.
“It's kind of stupid really. And what the fuck, who doesn't know me?” The guy had yelped, called me a freak and a bunch of other slurs for mutants – which I am
Questions swarm my thoughts, overwhelming me with the desire to explore them, to answer them, but I can't. This isn't the place or time for my own investigating. Revealing the oddities would only make my situation worse.
For a moment I feel like I'm shaking, but then my fingers float over his shoulder blade and I realize
Anyways.  I'm going to be working on a Spideypool one-shot as well as a new Speedster Family fic now.
Not to mention the fact that I've gotten bored over the past few days. Bored. Bored. Bored. Hacking Jarvis and looking for the Green Goblin is only so much fun. Speaking of, it had been determined that the Avengers would look after me and Daredevil and Deadpool would track him. I still don't know if Deadpool's actually doing his job because he seems to be at the Tower all the time. But if Daredevil's not here, dragging him along they must be working together during the time he's not here.
Just as it felt like it was going to burst, the guards unstrapped me and hoisted me up. As they dragged me back towards the cell, I spotted a comm laying on the edge of a table. I went limp, pitching forward as if I were weakened and helpless. At the same time the guards caught me, my hand slipped out and snagged the comm.
“Petey!” a familiar voice rings and I relax. He's safe. Deadpool lunges towards me, but Hawkeye's hand grabs him.
“Breaker, breaker, this is...” Spider-Man? Peter Parker? Oh, what the hell. “the Taco Twosome in the Snake's clutches. Does anyone read, over?”
Director Fury was right.  It was time to tell the truth.  But how do I tell them?  How will they react?  There were so many worries racing through my mind as I watched the door open.  I wondered how angry they would be at me.  It was the first thing I looked for when they came in.  I looked for the tightness in Steve's jaw, the familiar anger in Tony's eyes when I did something wrong, the cold hardness in Clint, Natasha, and Bucky's eyes.  In Bruce, I looked for the green twinge in his skin when he was overstressed and close to Hulk-ing out.    It was my fear to see those things there.  But there was none of that.  Even in the usually 'cold in situations' assassins there were hints of worry.
It took weeks to accidentally land in the middle of a sonic disturbance. That's when I noticed how it acted to loud sounds. It was weak to powerful sonic bursts. I threw myself in the middle of the noise and vaguely enjoyed the feel of the black sludge falling from my body. I'd contact SHIELD promptly after and had them bring a large containment cell, completely made of thick, reinforced glass, to hold the alien. That was the end of that.
I heard something crack. I didn't have to look back to know they'd just broken a bone. A guard grabbed me and pulled fast, but I could tell Deadpool wasn't going to let me go. I knew he couldn't die, but… Deadpool – Wade is my friend. Unable to die or not, I wasn't about to sit back and let them beat him to death until he let me go.
I threw out a web and swung onto a nearby building after I knew there was no one else in the building.
Biting my lip, I held my hands out in a manner that oddly resembled someone ready to be handcuffed. “What the fuck-” They held equally horrified and panicky reactions when I flipped my wrists over.
Sorry that this has taken so long.  I'm one of those writers who starts a fic every time I think I've got a good idea.  Meaning, I have a ton of unfinished fanfics.  Pile them on, I'll only drown.  Hahaha~
I wince at how painful my spider-sense is pounding in the back of my skull. It makes me want to cry at the amount of pain when Doc Ock brings the vial closer to me and pops off the cork. “You remember Venom, don't you?”
Bruce sighed and rubbed his eyes, exhaustion more than evident. “It's.. It doesn't look good, Peter. It looks like your DNA and that of the symbiote's are.. well, fighting.”
“I was scared… I was so scared…” It hurt to admit it, but if anyone knew the fear of being controlled and used, it was him. His eyes softened and he smiled understandingly at me. “I was too.”
She shook her head, eyes wide as she looked up at me. Her shoulders were shaking, probably because she wanted to cough and she was terrified.
“Okay, Spidey,” I spoke evenly in an attempt to calm myself. “Like globs of natural webbing are hard to produce but manageable for emergencies.” - Like Goblin - “But the difficulty is why I made the inorganic webbing.” - That I used daily - “I've used natural webbing before, rarely, but it's been done, so.. What's wrong with my spinnerets this time?”
I flexed and could feel the way the suit extended over my muscles, which were not to be compared to several members of the Avengers. ...Okay, most of the Avengers. They were there though, just had to look.
My nails break the skin on my chest and Matt stiffens. Before he can make a move, though, Bucky's metal hand reaches out and grabs mine. I still under his hold and he gives it a small squeeze until I look up at him.
Raising their guns, they whacked Deadpool's head, but still he clung. “Wade,” I cried, feeling his body jerk under their assault. I squirmed, hoping he'd let me go. If he let me go, they'd stop hurting him, leave him alone. “Wade, let go!”
I leaned into him as he carried me into my room, blocking out the sounds of voices in the background. I knew that Bucky would still be able to hear their conversation. Super soldier hearing and all, but I couldn't and that would have to do.
It sounds pathetic when a whimper escapes my lips as pain lances up my side from hitting the wall. With Venom swinging in after me, I quickly scramble to my feet and shove my way into the control room, turning up the white noise level to the max. It was extremely satisfying to see the black ooze screech and whine.
Any anger died in my stomach as I heard the scream of a young child for help. I probably should've called Tony and Steve before I got myself into trouble, but the fact that there was a child somewhere in that fiery mess was enough to make me forget to call for back-up.
'Them,' I correct myself as a small snore from across the room draws my attention. Tony's there, drooping in the chair with racoon circles under his eyes. He's looked better. Definitely better.
I felt Bucky's arm reach out and my brows furrowed. “Bucky!” Steve gasped, sounding affronted. I grinned. I was pretty sure that Bucky had just flipped Tony off. I patted his shoulder in appreciation and felt his facial muscle twitch in a smile in my hair.
“No my dear Pepper… The coffee has to be good. All though,” Tony turned red at the thought of his and Steve’s kiss.” We didn’t have sex. We did kiss, and he asked me if it was okay- if it was okay to kiss me. No ones ever done that before. They have alway just expected me to have sex with them. No one asks what I want.” Tony hadn’t realized he was nervous. He took a breath and looked up at Pepper.”I liked that he did that. I really like him Pepper.”
“Hey, Rhodey.” She smiled back. Tony was happy that his two best friends liked each other. He doesn’t know what he would have done if they hadn’t.
Behind him Steve was moving the alfredo off the burner and pulling Tony into the center of the kitchen. Tony laid his head on Steve’s chest listening to him sing about falling in love and how he just couldn’t help it. Closing his eyes he thought about what he needed to tell Steve. Not wanting to ruin the moment he just kept quiet and let Steve hold him.
“Umm I have class today and that’s it. Why?” Steve asked as he opened his eyes. It took Tony a few seconds to answer too lost in Steve's eyes.
Tony must have fallen back to sleep at some point. When he opened his eyes again he found Steve looking at him.
“Wait you are 24 an dgetting your Phd in physics and engineering. Hold on what engineering are you going in too?” Steve asked bewildered.
“Tony I told you I want to help out. You shouldn't have to pay for the place I live. Tony I don’t need an art room. You don’t need a lab at the house. Actually I would love it if you would leave your work at work. A lab would mean that I wouldn’t see you ever.” Steve grawled. He didn’t look happy. “We are going to have an apartment that I can help pay for, because that's how it works Tony. A partnership shares the burden of life.”
Hope you enjoyed this chapter. This is a little warning the next chapter starts getting in to the real plot. Hopeful you can for shadow the plot for the title. Any ways I'm a little exited for it. Let me know what you think!
“Yes and soon hopefully.” Tony smiled, he hadn’t realized him and Steve where closer. “Really soon.”
“Try the wine. Pepper tells me it’s good.” Tony said pointing to the wine. Steve with another look Tony couldn’t understand took a sip of the wine.
Looking around Tony found his blond superman. Tony couldn’t help but smile at the sight. With his Lover insight Tony’s breathing started to even out. He could do this. He started walking towards the booth. He could be the Tony that broke down in the elevator. He need to the Tony Stave that the world knows. When he got to Steve he did the only thing that made sense.
As they are looking through listings. Tony could help but be frustrated. Every place that Tony liked and could maybe fit all their needs. Steve would say no to.
“I’m happy for you Tony. He’s going to be good for you. Do you want to watch movies?” She asked. Tony smiled and wondered how she always knew what he needed.
“Espresso for ‘Or I will die’” one of the other barista’s yell a little while later. Tony rushed over to the barista and grabbed the cup and went straight to drinking it.
Tony nodded and got up to make popcorn as Pepper choose a movie. When he got back into the room Pepper had chosen Clueless. Tony loved the movie unapologetically. Tony handed Pepper the popcorn to grab a blanket. With everything ready Pepper pressed play.
“I love you too.” He mouthed against Steve’s bare chest. Steve hummed in acknowledgement of Tony’s un-said words. They laid there for awhile nether willing to break the silence. Happy in the bubble of love that they made.
“Will that is a long story.” Tony laughs. He eyes Steve not sure whether he really wants to hear or just asked.
“Jeans but those jeans have holes and grease. Those jeans love me Pep. How did those even get in to my closet?” Tony said as he pulled on the shirt and a pair of briefs.
“I got you them for your birthday last year, but never showed you to make sure didn’t get rid of them. Now put them on they will make your ass look phenomenal.” Pepper said throwing them at Tony only to have them land on his arm and fall to the ground. Reluctantly Tony put them on. Pep was right they did make his ass look great.
“Sorry Tone’s did I wake you?” Steve asked his voice not above a whisper. Tony shook his head, so he wouldn’t break the quit with his voice. Steve let out a sound less laugh when he looked at Tony. Much to Tony’s confusion. Steve must have been able to tell as he laughed again, set down his art supplies, and went over to Tony.
In the seven months of dating Tony has avoided meeting Steve’s friends. Only his luck ran out. He was going to meet the two men his blond superman calls his best friends, Bucky and Sam.
“Well I grow up in Brooklyn. I never knew my dad, so it was just me and my mom. I was a sickly kid. Always in and of the hospitable. It was okay though I had my best friend Bucky to help me with it.” Steve had paused,”Oh, I got into more fights than I could even win. To be honest I never won any of them. Bucky would always rush in and save my skinny ass all the time. Those were the days.” Steve stopped again looking saddened at what comes next,”Our senior year Buck had this motorcycle. He loved the dang thing. It was raining and dark. He says that he didn’t see the car tell he was on the ground.” Steve swiped away a few tears,and Tony reached over grabbed his hand. Steve smiled at Tony.” The driver of the car was going to fast and hydro planned. Bucky lost his left arm in the crash. He says the worst part is he can’t ride his bike anymore. He had it fixed up. It’s just sitting there waiting for him to give it up.”
“Okay, I’m ready to go now.” He said with a smile. Tony just nodded and held out his hand. He led Steve down to the car.
Steve paid and the student walked off to make their order. The boys made their way over to the table Steve had already chosen. Tony sat there not knowing what to say.
“I’m making dinner tonight, and wanted to make sure that you could make it.” Tony said wonder filled his voice. It seems that happened a lot when he was talking to Steve.
Wow Two updates in one night!! The last chapter has been written for a while, but I wasn't sure about it. Then Taylor Swift came out with folklore and I was inspired. Guess what song it was.
Steve was drawing something. Tony smiled as he watched Steve. He was just so goddamn beautiful when he worked. The way his forehead creased, his upturned lip, his focused eyes, and how his hands moved across the paper. Tony could watch him all day. Steve looked up at him, and smile crossed Steve’s lips.
Pepper got to his apartment an hour later. Knowing that she need to let Tony finish. She sat on the other side of the couch and waited. Instead she looked around Tony’s loft apartment. It didn’t hold much. Tony tended to keep his apartment bare. He didn’t see the need to decorate when he was barely here. He had comfortable couch that faced the t.v. His kitchen was separated from the living room with an island. In the corner of his kitchen held the table he never used. His “room” was above his living room.The right side of the wall held a staircase up.
“God Tony Do you know how sexy you are?” Steve asked, as he kissed down Tony’s neck. Leaving bruises in his wake. Tony nodded and moaned at the feeling of Steve.”Tony you have no idea how many people were looking at you. There you were sitting on my lap. Showing the world you are mine. That I’m the one you go home with.” Tony felt Steve’s hands sliding up his side and lifting his shirt.
Steve’s room was full of his art. Steve had piles of sketch books and random papers covering his walls and floor. Tony was laying in the queen sized bed that was pushed into the corner of the room. To the left of him was Steve’s dresser. Next to it was a chair that Tony found Steve sitting in.
When the song ends Tony opens his eyes, “ My Dad put me in charge of R&D medical and the arm that I was working on for Bucky.” Tony whispers into Steve’s chest scared of his reaction.
After that god awful class Tony was done for the day. This meant he could go home and crash. He lived a couple of blocks away from campus in one of the larger apartments. He lived alone more often than not. His best friend Rhodey would took the guest room when he is home from the air-force.
“We work together Steve, and we are friends.” Tony sighed,” We haven’t seen each other recently because of classes and work Steve. You know this. Once Bucky’s arm is done I will have more free time, I promise.” Only this didn’t seem to calm Steve down. It only made it worse.
When he looked down at the side of the cup he say some writing on the side along with a number. ‘Your pick up lines suck maybe you should try again -Steve’
The ride to childhood house was long. The taxi pulls up to the house. Before the taxi driver could say how much Tony handed them $300, and got out. Looking up at the mansion he sighed and walked to the garage.
After Steve talked about his friend Tony started thinking of how someone go on making an arm that would work like a normal one.
Once the door was open Steve pushed his way past Tony. Following the man he loves, Tony couldn’t help but look at the ground. When Tony looked up he saw Steve standing in the middle of the room. Tony didn’t know how to feel. The way he was standing screamed trouble, but it would be a lie if he said Steve didn’t look beautiful. The moon light surrounded Steve. He looked so soft. Tony felt like he couldn’t breath. He could spend the rest of the night looking at Steve.
Tony found it hard, but he understands. Steve didn’t grow up with a lot of money. So it made sense that he didn’t feel okay with the amount of money Tony had. To Steve buying a car as expensive. To Tony that was nothing. “I could do this.” Tony kept telling himself. Steve didn’t want him buying the paints that cost $200.He didn’t want Tony taking him the fancy dinners. He wanted to stay home and cuddle. It was hard. Tony would buy the $200 paint then remember Steve wouldn’t want them.
“We have talked way too much about me. What about you my blond superman. Tell me about your life.” Tony said, Steve turned red at the complement Tony gave him.
“How about you tell me how to time travel from World War Two and my dad’s lab” Tony asked. Only to mentally scolded himself. Why did he think that a pick up line about his dad's failed super soldier experiments during World War 2 would work or make sense? God he needed coffee.”I mean can I have an extra large cup filled with just espresso and a dash of milk.”
“Oh it’s ‘Ollie’ now? What’s with the stupid hand talking, Tony. I can hear you!” Steve growled. Tony had no idea what was happening. Steve was acting really weird.
“I was just thinking about how lucky I am. I got an amazing boyfriend. What’s not to love and smile at Tony.” Steve said wrapping his arms around Tony. Tony didn’t have a response.
“This wasn’t a six month anniversary kinda thing. This is maybe a one year anniversary kinda thing.”Steve says grabbing both of Tony’s hands. “ I really want this to work Tones.” Steve says, before giving Tony a quick kisses.
“Don’t worry about it Steve. This is our six month anniversary. I wanted to treat you.” Tony smiled, as he got of the car. He tossed the key to a Valet and opens Steve’s door. “Come on Superman. We have a dinner date.” Tony says holding his arm out for Steve.
“I take Pepper and Rhodey here all the time. I like this place the let me wear my lab clothes. The only reason we formal clothes is-” Tony bushed thinking of his later plans at he park.” Is- ummm. I want to night to be special. It’s our six month, and that means something to me.” Tony sees Steve matching him in redness.
“I’m not much, but you are blond Superman.” Tony smiles,” I got these for you.” He handed over the bouquet to Steve. Steve eyes widened, apparently he hadn’t noticed the flowers. Steve took them and smells the flowers.
“Tony,” Howard ground out,” I heard that you were working in medical. I must say I was surprised that you want to do something for someone else. Then I heard that you were close to making working prosthetics, not only that you were do a live test today.” Howard looked down at Tony. Tony wasn’t sure what Howard was getting to. He felt that he was mad that tony was doing something that he couldn't do, or if he is happy that there is a new thing that could get him money.
“Yeah, soon would be good.” Steve got even closer, “Can I?” Tony didn’t bother responding with words. He closed the small distance and their lips met. Tony pulled away breathless and smiling.
“Do you need help getting read. What don’t answer that of course you do.” Pepper smiled at him. Tony know that she was proud of him for going out on a date with a guy. Tony for the longest time refused to except that he was bisexual. Howard, Tony's dad, was very homophobic. Tony who always wanted his father approve tried to push down the part of him that liked boys. Slowly With the help of Rhodey and Pepper Tony learned that it was okay to like both girls and boys. He still hasn’t told Howard and never will, and Tony’s okay with that.
Tony had taken the whole day off. He spent the day cleaning, listening to Nofx singing along as loud as he could when Bob came on. When his apartment looked cleaner than it ever had before, Tony started on dinner. It was simple, Waffles, He knew that breakfast for dinner might sound weird, but Tony swore that that just tasted better after the sun went down. Getting his Belgium waffle maker out to and heating up. Tony could then start on the batter. He mixed all the wet ingredients, minus the egg whites, together and then added the dry ingredients. Once he had everything combined he folded in the beaten egg whites.
“Okay Bucky once I finish connecting this we are going to run some tests.” Tony said clipping the straps that would hold the arm to Bucky’s body together. “Ready to start the tests?”
“Honestly, I love art. I love the emotion that art holds. Sometimes the artist doesn’t know the emotion the painting holds until years later. Even then it holds a moment in time that the artist found important.” Steve looks down and shakes his head.” I know that sounds strange, but really that’s why I went in to art. That and I like to draw. From what I hear I’m pretty good at it.”
“Steve can you move away from the door so I can open it?” Tony asked with a slight waver in his voice. Steve’s face scrunched up but moved a side for Tony to open the door. Now closer to Steve, Tony could smell the alcohol from his breath. Tony didn’t know how to feel.
When he got home bags in hand. Tony put everything in the kitchen and turned on the radio and started on dinner. He was dancing around the kitchen in his socks, as his sauce cooked. He used his spoon as a microphone and Tony signed out the lyrics. He tried his alfredo sauce and found it needed more pepper. As he got on his tallest tip toes, Can’t Help Falling In Love With You, started. His shirt was riding up when he felt cold hands land on his hips. Scared Tony turned and jumped around only to find Steve looking down at him. It was times like this in the year that they had been dating that Tony really noticed how much taller Steve was then him. He could be in Peppers highest heels and just barely met Steve’s height.
“ Yes and look at where that got them. Pregnant and getting chlamydia, so lets- lets” Pepper couldn’t finish she was laughing to much. Tony at his friend at they laughed at her stupid joke.
“Okay,but next time tell me when you are coming home. I missed you Platypus.” Tony said looking up at Rhodey.
“Oh yeah. My dad had decided that he needed to focus on his work. He end up freezing his swimmers. When he met my mother he had her do this experimental procedure. It froze her eggs like it did to his sperm. In 1970, Howard had decided he wanted a kid. Honestly I don’t know why, so on May 29, 1971 I was born. The had a surrogate carry me do to my mother's age. They were both 54 when I was born.”
Tony didn’t bother turning on the bathroom light. It would only make his head hurt more. Blindly grabbing the right bottle Tony dry swallowed the meds. Not wanting to deal with whatever caused him this much pain. Tony went to his bed to fall asleep in hopes that all his pain will drift away.
When they got to Steve’s apartment. Tony grabbed the keys out of Steve’s pocket. He opened the door Steve we plastered against him. When the door open Steve pushed Tony against. Closing the in the process.
Tony walked to the pizza place that he had been told to meet Steve at. He stood at the door looking in and he saw his blond superman. Tony’s heart fluttered and butterflies swarmed in his stomach. Tony knew that this was the start of something amazing. With a deep breath Tony opened the door and walked.
He stayed in the lab until three in the morning and had a seven A.M class to attend. Sadly he couldn’t just skip it to sleep, because the teacher for some god awful reason gave a grade for attendance. Which meant that he had to actually go to class. In the hopes that he might survive the day he rushed off to get coffee. With coffee in hand he could actually be a person. Only to get to class and have the espresso-filled cup spill on all the notes he had taken that night. With coffee gone and notes ruined Tony end up falling asleep in class. After that two hour monstrosity, he was able to go back and get more coffee before his physics lecturer where he needed to be able to correct the stupid TA that was teaching the class.
When both of them were at Tony’s they would either cuddle or were fighting. The fights were from everything about Tony’s past, and the accidental flirting that is Tony’s personality. To Bucky complaining about how Steve is never in their apartment, and his need to have Tony around more than Tony can. Tony couldn’t help but take to the fights personally. Most of the problems seemed to be Tony’s fault and he could seem to shake that everything bad in their relationship is his fault. Even with that Tony couldn’t help but love the man Steve is.
“I would have, but I didn’t know that I was coming home. I had just gotten back from an undercover OPS. When subordinate came over to tell me that I was going back to the states. Now I’m here.” Rhodey said.
When Tony walked in Steve looked up and smiled at him. Tony walked over to him smiling at Steve’s smile.
At some point Steve had come over to Tony and lowered them to the ground. Tony just cried and asked for Steve to stay. Steve just sat there. Trying to calm him down, and rubbing his back. When Tony’s breathing slowed, and he was just sniffling Steve talked.
Tony didn’t feel like sleeping in their bed alone. Instead he made his way to the couch. He found a blanket left there from a past movie night. He curled up and cried. From now on he won’t push Steve in to letting him pay for an apartment.
Two movies in someone walked into the apartment. Pepper was right next to him. Tony was freaking out about what to do.
When they got to the restaurant. Tony couldn’t help but smile at Steve’s surprised face. Steve looked at him and said.
“Tony I’m not mad. How could I be mad at you for wanting to help others. Tony you are so smart and kind. How could I ever be mad at you.” Steve said. Tony could see his watery eyes as he continued to hold Tony.
Don't forget to like and leave comments. Also, I have both mood boards and a music play list for this fic. Let me know if you guy want me to put them on here. Hope you enjoyed.
“The order would be under Tony Stark.” The woman's eyes widened at his name. She lowered her head and seemed to be looking for his order slip.
“I’m so sorry Love. Me and Oliver were in the middle of a thing and I forgot. I promise to be there as soon as I can.” Tony promised as he began to gather his things things from the lab.
“Okay, now that Tony is here let's get drinks.” Pepper as stood to go order for everyone. “ What do you guys want?”
The next couple of week flew by. Rhodey went back overseas. Pepper got a promotion to a head intern. Tony had gifted her something. By that he means that she got herself something, and he paid for it. Tony worked on his projects. He had finished building Butter-fingers. When asked why he tell people why not. Really he built him so Dummy has a friend. Tony continued to go on dates with Steve.
Tony worked in the Stark's R&D labs. It was something he could do with the company that didn’t involve seeing Howard. It was part of his deal with Howard. He didn’t have to help in the business part if he helps R&D, and Tony did love R&D. The issue was the weapons part. He preferred the technology and medical R&D labs. Tony couldn’t help it if he got lost with the scientists. This is what Tony lived and breathed. Well Steve might be stealing that spot. There is a reason he’s behind.
