John shrugs. He's touched by this, but they've been through this particular topic before, and often.
"You're so fucking
He knows it can happen again, if John just keeps doing this, just like that, right
the results,” John pants, his own cock now painfully erect and pulsing and begging for attention that he knows he won’t get standing up like this – their difference in height is just enough to make it impossible to stand comfortably and grind against each other at the same time.
Sherlock reaches out and cups the side of his face in his hand, traces the wrinkles around the corner of his eye with his thumb, then moves on to caress his cheekbone. John's lids flutter and his shoulders slump ever so slightly.
Rosie!” John calls out. “Get back here, you!”
He says he isn't.
on the now seemingly indifferent features, is what causes him to make up his mind. He's noticed the way Wilkes stared at him when he walked through the door and he has to admit to himself that he's flattered – it's been a while since someone ogled him like that, and it feels good. Well. It
Sherlock is breathing fast, his brain already slow and lazy with lust. Against the backs of his legs, he feels that John is hardening now, too, and he presses back and into the touch to get more contact.
“No?”
Coming up in chapter 2:
He nods and taps his chin with his index finger.
would have killed me?"
, yes," John presses out. "
“I promise.”
"You do know I still fancy you, don't you?" he mutters. "Just like back then. You're still the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Especially like this…" He kisses the nape of Sherlock's neck, licks him there and grazes his skin with his front teeth, which causes goose bumps to race down his back and arms. "Naked… hot… and soft… and so absolutely
John lets him slip out and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand before shuffling his way up the bed until he comes to rest next to him again.
From far away, he hears John say his name, but he can't answer. He's too far gone already.
He utters another low, drawn-out moan, sounding like he’s right on the edge himself.
good ones, and he also knows that Sherlock being so strong and in such a happy and energetic mood is something he would never have expected a week ago, but nevertheless he's sad and a little disappointed when Sherlock wakes up and looks at him and he immediately notices that today won't be like that at all.
I shake my head, forgetting that he can't see me.
Sherlock bites his lip. His body is reacting to John's touch more readily than it has done in a while, and he allows himself to melt into his embrace and let it happen.
Sherlock flinches at his tone, but doesn't let him go.
"You never know what the future might bring, Sherlock," he says. "Not with these things, you don't. The trick is not to overthink it all."
"John.
“Way to kill the mood,” he huffs. “Thank you, John.”
Not a single pill to keep him awake, or a single line of cocaine to help him work. Not a single injection to make him forget.
he scribbles.
"That's… very considerate of you. Thank you."
It's barely a murmur, since he's still out of breath himself and his lips are pressed against the soft spot of skin behind John's ear, which muffles his voice, but the echo of the words reverberates in the room anyway, slices through the sex-thick air around them, and he freezes and feels his heart sink.
I rub my hands across my face in a nervous gesture I cannot control, then let them sink into my lap again. I feel weak. He is mute for so long that I start to suspect that this was too much, too soon - that my worst fear will come true and Holmes will tell me that I have misread the signs, that he is not of this disposition, that I should leave and never come back. Despite the rising urge inside of me to do or say something,
"Suit yourself. You know I've got means to send support."
John's pulse accelerates at that. Declarations of love have always been rare between them, at least coming from Sherlock, but of course he never doubted that the feelings were there in the other man's heart. Actions speak louder than words with Sherlock, and that's okay. Nevertheless, hearing him say it now touches him in the most peculiar way – he feels giddy and desperate all at once, and before he can stop himself, he says: "Don't go before Sunday."
smile the likes of which has never graced his sharp features before, at least not when I was present to witness it.
Then he sits down again.
“How can you still want me?” John asks. “After what I did to you?”
Sherlock fixes him with one of his most scrutinising stares and John just surrenders to the feeling of being turned inside out, taken apart, examined, and then put back together again.
“I love you,” I repeat, barely audibly. “Sherlock. I love you.”
"Nngghh," John garbles and bucks against his face.
They meet in yet another kiss, but after a minute or so Sherlock forces himself to pull back and clears his throat. Desire is burning him up from the inside, and he's sure he'll lose control if they continue like this.
She snorts, still looking embarrassed, and enters the lab.
"Are you alright, love?"
"You're
He licks his lips, fixing his gaze on me. “I was thinking more of our imminent and daring escape.”
, but not this.
"Touch yourself," he breathes into John’s ear, then licks into it and feels him shudder deep inside. "It makes it easier... I’ll hold you up."
John.
Talking.
I stare at his name engraved in black marble. There are no dates. I didn’t want to add them, and, as strange as it sounds, Mycroft agreed – it would have been a bad omen. He’s not dead. He’s lost in darkness as black as his gravestone, at least to me, but he’s still alive.
Then he draws John in for a kiss, and despite their slightly stale morning breath and a small confusion over which nose is supposed to go in which direction, John thinks that it's perfect.
"So… how do you feel now? Better?"
"I see him all the time. But he doesn't see me."
I gasp out a low, high-pitched moan that I am slightly ashamed of, and he clutches my arse and pulls me in close and then swallows me down until I feel myself hit the back of his throat.
"No, Mary. I meant it - you
He knows there never was a choice.
Sherlock hums and looks up, propping his chin against John's chest. His irises look darker than usual because his pupils are dilated to compensate for the weak lighting, but their unique colour is still visible. John reaches out for him, buries his hands in his tousled hair, feels his thick curls wind around his fingers.
Then I ask myself if I
"John, oh--- oh, oh,
“What the hell is a
"Mmhhhh…"
"I--- can't believe we're doing this. I'm seventy-six, for God's sake," he mutters as he puts the bottle aside again.
I rub the nape of his neck, tousle the soft hair there with my fingers.
Sherlock whimpers, and it’s wonderful to hear him do it. He pulls John up a little bit until his mouth is hovering over his cock, which is filling rapidly now. John watches it happen, watches his length stiffen and rise from its resting place to bump against his face, and it’s so sexy and at the same time so sweet to know that he’s the only one who’ll ever witness this, witness
"Gorgeous," he murmurs and bites down on the taut flesh on display, and then he uses his free hand to spread John open for his eyes and mouth to roam. "If you need me to stop, say so and I will," he says lowly. "It's okay."
John, who showed him what it means to be wanted, body and soul.
," John breathes. Never before has he been so incredibly furious and yet so deliriously happy at the same time. "You fucking
“Johhhnnggghhh!” Sherlock sobs. “
that escapes him my cock finds it easier and easier to rejoin the proceedings.
. His posture speaks of complete trust, and John's stomach clenches with affection and gratitude. (
," he whispers. "Mmhhh…"
“Okay?”
being this close to him, so much that he's dizzy with it.
Sirens are reverberating in the air around him, and then he realises that he's lying on cold, hard ground. There are people everywhere, shouting, running.
As the water closes over my head, I smile.
“I can do it, Sherlock. Stop treating me like a child.”
“Come to me,” he says lowly and pulls back the duvet, making room for John to join him.
They should stop. They should stop immediately.
"I know," John repeats.
"Hm. Yeah. Thanks."
"John!
"I can try, John. For you."
"I love you too."
"John…" Sherlock is looking at him from under heavy lids, breathing loudly, his thighs quivering against John's sides. "
She bites her lip and looks at the floor, and I wonder if I might have sent out misleading signals. She looks a little drunk, but not drunk enough to forget herself, so she probably thought it was worth a shot. Perhaps she sensed the physical attraction that I can’t deny I’m feeling. Maybe she’s just looking for a bit of fun. I should never have agreed to this.
you---" She breaks off as new tears constrict her voice, and it hurts his heart to see her like this. "I love you," she adds after a brief pause. "I always will… No--- no matter what."
He trails off and looks away once more, gripping the metal armrests of his chair. His knuckles are white.
. And you have it written all over you." He leans towards me, and I open my lips to meet his in a kiss, but before our mouths can touch, he changes direction and goes for my neck instead. "You're
He runs his fingers through the hair at the back of John's head and then takes it into a firm, but gentle grip. John gasps.
"No, it isn't," he agrees. "It's terrible, and cruel, and I'd give everything to change the way things are. To make your father better. To be stronger. But I can't. And I can't live without him. I'm sorry for hurting you, for leaving you. You have to believe that. But I've made up my mind, and I hope you'll forgive me one day."
He’s aching to say it back, to turn this into something new, something bigger, but he’s so scared of what will happen next. Too scared.
“You smell
The momentum of their movements makes water slosh against the sides of the bath, some of it spilling over the edge, but neither man pays it any attention. Sherlock clings on to John for dear life, his face pressed against his cheek, and John wants to stay like this forever and listen to him moan and pant and feel him move on top of him.
again, giving Sherlock wonderful, glorious pressure and friction, pushing him higher,
The sensation pulses through him with such force that his knees give way and he has to let go of John to right himself, but apparently John was relying on him for support, because a second later the two of them tumble down onto the mattress together and come to rest in a tangle of limbs, Sherlock still thrusting through his orgasm, still buried deep inside John's body, which is quivering around him, and he's not at all sure anymore where he ends and John begins.
I let my hands roam over every inch of his beauty I can reach and my brain immediately translates it into images I want to preserve forever.
me, and I--- I feel like shit!"
Sherlock starts to pant and attempts to simultaneously get some distance between John's mouth and his neck and pull him even closer against his body by pressing his hands against the small of his back.
" Sherlock whimpers and throws back his head, his back arching, his hips bucking into the touch. "Oh!"
John has to
too many clothes. And he’s exceptionally glad that Sherlock doesn’t appear tired anymore; quite the opposite.
She kneels down beside him and gingerly prods his neck with her fingertips. He flinches and tries to evade the touch, his hands clawing at thin air, spasming in pain. There's the taste of blood in his mouth, warm and metallic, and he wonders if he's bitten his tongue.
“Let’s go swimming. Maybe that will cool you down a little.”
He’s panicking, tears pressing against the back of his throat, one of his hands flying to his mouth to keep them inside. Sherlock turns back around and hugs him then, holds him very tight, and there’s nothing sexual about it now; it’s just a friend comforting another.
Mycroft chuckles, and Sherlock knows he's seen right through him.
Sherlock smells fantastic, warm and clean and slightly spicy, and he can’t wait any longer – he has to taste again. He angles his head and brushes the side of the taller man’s neck with his lips, and it seems like he’s found one of the good spots right on the first try, because Sherlock moans deeply and bares his throat, offering himself to John, who needs no second invitation, but gives a small groan of his own and attaches his mouth more firmly to the creamy skin on display to lick, suck, and even bite a little, the last of which provokes the most interesting reaction.
You’re my life, my home, my
John watches him as he follows behind her towards the kitchen, quietly taking off his goggles and tossing them—and the letter—onto the table absentmindedly as he goes.
“Does a brandy and soda sound good to you?”
of his ribs when they finally snapped.
"If you keep looking at me like this, we might not even make it to the bathroom," John answers lowly.
John moves his hands to the nape of his neck and runs his fingers through his hair from there, making his way up to the tender skin behind his ears, rubbing slow, soothing circles into his scalp. “I want to show you off to the world,” he whispers. “Look at my gorgeous, perfect man. He’s a genius. He’s beautiful, inside and out. He’s so strong, and so brave, and so fucking brilliant.” John doesn’t hold back; his heart is full to bursting. He wants to stand outside on the street and scream it to the whole of London; he’s so in love.
"Yes, exactly. That's the bees making sure it's warm enough for the queen. The workers flutter their wings and shiver to keep the temperature from dropping too much. They take turns doing it, so that the ones on the outside don't get too cold."
I love him. I
"Shello," Rosie says quite clearly, her small voice still rough and teary, and Sherlock has to sit down on John's bed because his legs stop cooperating at that.
The plane lurches again, and John’s stomach churns.
But I can't concentrate on that divine feeling yet. I'm still gaping at him. I thought I'd been less obvious.
," he rasps.
“Give me your sweet mouth,” he rasps. “Give me your sweet, filthy mouth.”
"You said you wanted Sebastian to think that a person like you could catch himself a person like me."
man, John Watson… And--- bees don't have ears…"
He cradles John's cheek in his palm as they kiss, his other hand busy gripping his thigh, stroking it with quick, restless movements.
," he mutters. "Yes…"
"Bend over for me," John tells him after a while, getting to his feet again, and Sherlock does, using the sink for support.
He reaches up and touches my lips with his fingertips, which makes me shudder against him.
Sherlock moves into the contact, not ready to meet John's eyes yet, and nods.
"Because you stole my virginity?" I ask, intending to keep my tone dry, but failing spectacularly.
Sherlock shakes his head.
"Why don't you lie down now?" he says. "We don't have to update the blog until the weekend. We can do this later."
He's not feeling guilty for hitting him. But he's feeling guilty for enjoying it so much.
Sherlock looks at him, takes him in, but he doesn’t feel self-conscious about it. Sherlock has seen his scar before, but still wants to undress him, so he thinks he’s alright with him being not unblemished by his past. Nevertheless, he shudders when Sherlock reaches out and caresses the place where the bullet entered him, surprised by the tenderness of the moment.
I swallow hard. Whatever he wants, I will give it to him. Anything. Anything at all.
Sherlock tries to breathe evenly, but fails. He doesn't have the words to tell John what this means to him (he's always been bad at relationship talk, and addressing bedroom issues is no exception), but the way John allows him to feel safe and challenged at the same time, the way he manages to merge banter and intimacy so lightly, so effortlessly, makes their encounters special and unique and something that belongs only to them. John sweeps him off his feet, constantly, but Sherlock knows he'll always be there to catch him in the end. No one else could ever make Sherlock feel even remotely like this; he's sure of that.
in two minutes?
John inhales audibly and sits up in his bed, his hair ruffled, his eyes squinting against the light.
John shrugs.
The cuffs are the last obstacle, but when they’re open as well, Sherlock grips John’s wrists before he can push the shirt off his shoulders and down his arms.
John wants to be annoyed at or at least disappointed by this sudden interruption, but even as his libido waves a sad little goodbye to the idea of imminent completion, he finds himself falling for the eager way Sherlock looks at him, his cheekbones flushed, his eyes alert and twinkling with what John knows is the glee of having had an epiphany.
“Come.”
“I don’t deserve you,” he mutters and puts his fingers around Sherlock’s head to get him to close the distance between their mouths.
I slip into the scenario as easily as I always do.
They look at each other silently after that, and Sherlock has no idea how to proceed. It’s all well and good in theory, but how do you stop caring when the person you care about is so close by? So beautiful? How do you stop
Mycroft clears his throat.
He ponders over that for a second, but then heavy rain – or is it hail? – begins to pelt against the hull of the plane and its windows, and the roar that this causes shudders through him and makes his blood run cold.
He studies my face.
It was a beautiful ceremony, a beautiful reception, and he's got a beautiful wife. Everything's perfect, just the way they (she) imagined it, wanted it.
On his knees, he shuffles forwards again until he's close enough to touch – but he doesn't, not yet.
She shrugs and smiles sadly.
"You could do that from up here," he says, his voice rough.
“Do you---
I watch Sherlock accompany him to the open door.
John bites the insides of his cheeks and shakes his head.
"John," Sherlock says softly. He wants to take a step towards him, but is also scared to close the safe distance between them, not trusting himself not to get carried away again. "You’re right. What you said earlier, in bed - I can’t do it for you. You have to do it yourself.
John smiles up at him, letting him rest on the flat of his tongue, his sharp, slightly bitter flavour tickling his palate. Then, after a final long, languid suck, he lets him go.
, want to feel you. If you want to, that is. Only if you want to."
to come and read her a bedtime story. That’s her, making it known that you’re sorely missed at Baker Street. Thank God it’s Mrs Hudson’s Bingo night today. I hope I’ll manage to calm her down before she comes back.”
She buries her face in his chest and giggles, and before he can shush her, Sherlock huffs and stirs.
“Why wouldn’t it be alright with me?”
Now, three months later, Sherlock wonders whether that’s still true. They’re in bed, kissing, which is quite nice, but they’re also
“You--- You won’t like what I have to tell you.”
"Beautiful," he whispers throatily. "Thank you."
I stay home from work for three more days, because I don’t want him to be alone. I’ve got six weeks left before I can leave the clinic, and at the moment I can’t even imagine leaving him on his own for one hour, let alone a whole day. He laughs at me for it, and I tell him I can very well make it another
," he groans. "Don't--- stop…"
“Fu-uck! OH!” John shouts. “Yes,
“If you think about it, it really is.”
The room starts to spin around me.
Making love.
him, hurt
He sounds so energetic, so excited, and I’m torn between unspeakable relief to see him happy and concern that he might put too much of a strain on himself too early in his recovery.
“That wasn’t so bad now, was it?” she asks kindly before bustling off downstairs.
, John thinks.
“John… If I tell you, it might mean your death. Do you really want to know?” he asks.
“Keep your eyes fixed on me," he says instead. "Please, will you do this for me?”
Sherlock blinks at him, the smirk fading from his face, replaced by a weird mixture of pride and self-consciousness. They each take a sip, staring at each other over the rims of their glasses, then put them aside again.
"Take care, Sherlock."
… God…”
He bites down on his bottom lip, and for a moment he looks desperate.
Sherlock studies him for a while. Then he says, very gently: "I'm sorry, John."
"I still don't---"
“I miss you,” I whisper.
“Thanks.”
Sherlock nods.
turn to wait, and so I do. To distract myself, I sip my tea, but it tastes of nothing at all.
“Thanks,” John grinds out through clenched teeth before managing to balance the dishes out again. “Very considerate of you.”
“I’m sorry…”
I bite my lip, but before I can reply, Sherlock takes a step towards me and puts his hand on my arm.
“Look at your back. You almost got yourself killed for me, Sherlock. Please just forgive me. For everything.”
“Yes,” he whispers.
"That's true. But I want to find out."
Sherlock looks at their joined hands for a moment, then up at John's face again. His gaze has softened ever so slightly.
me to do to you?" he asks, giving his voice an air of seduction. "I'm open for suggestions."
“I’m not
I don't know what he's talking about.
,” I whisper against his gasping mouth. “I want to
“She’s not even
, Sherlock thinks.
"Shut up, John. Just--- leave. I don't want to look at you right now."
to want before I realised that I’m not the only one who’s had to struggle in the past months. He’s saying sorry. Does he even have to? I thought this would be easier, now that he’s here again, but at the moment I feel like I don’t know anything anymore. I just want to lie down with him and kiss his face and hold his hand and sleep until I can think clearly again. I want us to have time to find the words we need to communicate. We lost them during all the hard times that lie behind us.
Sherlock responds with an impish, satisfied grin, but doesn’t say anything.
pretty. But she’s about to go.
He's noticed something is off. Of course he has.
John smirks, but it looks sad.
"I’ll never forget being inside you," John says, apparently entertaining thoughts of the same kind at the moment. "Your warmth… The way you---
And then he laughs.
Sherlock's fingers entwine themselves with John's in front of his chest.
When they first started sleeping together, Sherlock needed some time to get used to the pillow talk – not because he didn't like the way John whispered into his ear what he wanted to do to him and called him
Sherlock's mouth turns into a very,
, which by now feels like a million years ago.
I smile at him and move my hips in slow circles to enjoy the ripples of the aftershocks running through my nerves, and he follows my movements and hums lowly, apparently savouring the sensation.
Sherlock does.
I gaze at him standing before me, naked and with all his walls lying crumbled at his feet, and my heart bursts with the tenderness I have finally allowed it to feel. I know, like I did on that very first day, that there is nothing in the world that could keep me from giving in to him, over and over again.
John shakes a pill into Sherlock's palm and one into his own.
Yeah,
Sherlock swallows, his Adam’s apple bobbing nervously. There’s a little mole right next to it, and John wants to kiss it. He lets his gaze roam over the rest of his long neck, over his earlobes, which are peeking out from under his dark hair, over his strong, expressive brows. His skin is like marble. His mouth looks soft.
Sherlock tastes lovely, sweet and spicy and unique, and his lips are so soft as they move against his own. It's delicious, and exciting, and so, so
,” John gasps, his lids fluttering shut. “
"Sorry," he repeats.
(and maybe
“Yes, that’s right. Stop crying now. I’ll tell you the story of Little Nutbrown Hare again, okay? I know that one by heart. Can you hold me like that, John? So she can see me?”
She's come to a halt and is watching him, but when she notices him looking, she nods and then turns to walk away.
Sherlock snarls at him.
Sherlock releases a shaky breath.
"Thanks, Mrs Hudson. I really appreciate the offer. But I don’t want to bother you too often. And we don’t have a case at the moment, so---"
"Technically speaking, John---"
, even if he doesn’t want to hear it. How can he not see that?
The plane slows down and then jumps forwards again; John feels forces he doesn’t understand pull at his body, throwing him around, his seat belt cutting into his lower abdomen.
We’re lost without you.
"Lead the way," I say.
, he thinks a little randomly, and then blushes at his own idea. He's both incredibly nervous and pleasantly excited, but tries to push both feelings away for the time being, chiding himself for losing his head over the prospect of something as mundane as sex.
, you’re tight.
alone now.
“What’s your version of that? In the…
“How many days do I have to prepare?”
It's absolutely breathtaking to see him like this and know that it’s
“John,” Sherlock interrupts, the bridge of his nose wrinkling with frustration. “You always make me happy. Always.”
Sherlock’s words touch something deep inside John. Sherlock may not find it easy to express his feelings, he thinks, but since they took the step beyond friendship, he’s always been incredibly transparent about his love for him.
He's exhausted, and empty inside, and why not just end it all right here and now, before he drinks himself to death, or goes to jail for assault, or hurts any more women by fucking them and then dropping them as soon as he's sober again?
“Where’s your list?” Mycroft asks and sits down next to him. “You look repulsing. How much did you take?”
he is sometimes.
I keep my eyes closed, scared of what we're doing, but craving it so much.
I gaze out of the window and sigh.
What good would it do if he knew? Would I feel better afterwards? Would he understand? Or would he leave me?
"Be--- more like yourself, then," he says, his voice a little firmer now. "And
“Yes,” I answer and hold his fiery gaze. “And they won’t be thoughts of the innocent kind.”
“I miss you too, Sherlock. Everything about you. The whole flat still smells of you. You’re all around me every day.”
"I think it's called falling in love," he states, proud of the matter-of-fact way in which the words leave his mouth.
He slows down a bit and licks along the inside of the other man’s upper lip, his own lips feeling the shape of that gorgeous Cupid’s bow, and he marvels at how nature surpassed itself when it created this extraordinary beauty. Then the tip of Sherlock’s tongue is there, nudging him, and he smiles into their connection and opens his mouth to give him more room to explore. Their tongues finally meet, rubbing against each other, and the touch causes sparks to sizzle down John’s spine. Warmth is pooling in his stomach and slowly trickling down to settle in his loins.
hurt.
"Of course," John says. With one arm, he pulls the duvet up and covers himself and Sherlock with it, and then he draws him closer against himself again and shuts his eyes. "Of course."
She blinks up at them, and John feels Sherlock’s ribcage vibrate against his back with silent laughter. John, suppressing the irritatingly pleasant shudder that runs down his spine at that, turns his head to stare at him, torn between amusement and indignation.
he wants – everything.
"No, beautiful," he assures him breathlessly. "I've got you… Lift your leg."
“Oh fuck,” I mutter. “
"Yes?"
happy, because she’s a good person, one of the best. But she’s also always been in love with him.
Sherlock's mouth opens, but no sound comes out. "System error" is written all over his face, and it's a bit sad, but also so endearing that John can't help but grin.
He carefully steadies me as I try to sit, my limbs slow and uncooperative. When I get to my feet and rub the tense muscles of my neck to loosen them, swaying slightly because my injured leg protests the exertions of this day, he rises as well and takes hold of my arm.
," he pants. "What the hell?"
So Sherlock gives him what he wants, surprised at his sudden lack of inhibition, but enjoying himself thoroughly nonetheless. Thrusting the way John seems to like it, having memorised the rhythm he showed him earlier, he keeps his mouth close to his ear and starts speaking into it, endearments and curses (John makes it clear that he loves those a lot), and sometimes just random sounds of pleasure, consciously ordering himself not to hold back as much as he normally would.
It pains him to know that Sherlock thinks he’ll screw this up, maybe even
It's barely a sigh, but he knows John has heard him when the other man looks up and into his eyes with an expression of such tenderness that it takes his breath away.
She doesn’t answer.
“I’m so sorry, John… I’m sorry I had to hurt you like that… I missed you too,
"What for?" I ask.
“I know,” I say. “But it’s not only that, Sherlock. We’re also building this on a friendship that’s unlike anything I’ve ever known. I think we’ll be okay.”
He sobs again, one half of his face squashed into my pillow, his hands clawing at the sheets. Tears are spilling over at the corners of the eye I can see, running down his nose and his sharp cheekbone to trickle into white fabric and leave minuscule marks in their wake. His hair is in complete disarray. He looks like a fallen angel.
," John grunts and bites Sherlock's bottom lip, pulls at it with his teeth. "
"I'm fine. And yes, the item can be ticked off. My time down under seems to be nearing its end, and I can't say I'm sorry. This kind of heat in November is simply tedious."
, you’re my--- my best friend. I ask of you to honour that by being honest to me.”
This is going to be a long, long day.
Hearing Sherlock Holmes say “cock” in his deep, sultry baritone is something that could kill even the sturdiest of men. My heart starts to pound.
He stares at the wall behind Sherlock after that, his lips pursed, his shoulders tense.
Sherlock feels himself blush.
“Cute. Are you the big or the little hare?”
"You…?" he asks tiredly and gestures vaguely towards John's crotch.
This is not like the relieved smile they shared after talking it all through yesterday, after crying and shouting and finally
“Everything…”
He’s grunting, his deep voice so arousing to listen to, and I hear him speed up his strokes as well.
I swallow, willing myself to relax. Then I get up to sit down on the couch instead. Leaning back, I close my eyes and concentrate on the sound of his breath.
And then, he does what any adult would do—he yanks a pillow from beneath them, and he smacks Sherlock on the abdomen with it. Sherlock whimpers overdramatically like a forlorn puppy, shimmies away from John, and rolls off of the bed. But John isn’t one to give up so easily. He slides onto the floor right next to him, hitting him with the pillow once more as peals of laughter ring out from the both of them.
. Where's John? Where's
I can't I
We kiss and kiss, and without thinking I put my legs up and around his lower body to rest my heels against his arse, pulling him into me a little more in the process. The angle changes ever so slightly, and suddenly my pain turns into warm, throbbing fullness, the sweet pressure of his hardness inside of me becoming everything I feel.
“Promise!” She nods emphatically, her blonde curls bobbing.
It's really
Sherlock reaches around him with one hand to rest his bollocks in his palm, just because he can, and is astonished to find them already full and drawn up tight against his body.
He slams into John with another hard, desperate thrust and comes, stifling his relieved groan by biting down on John's neck hard enough to leave a bruise.
… I--- love---
"Grandfather?"
Nothing happens.
“Never leave me,” he suddenly whispers and nuzzles his face against my neck. “Please.”
I'd be lying if I said I'd never thought about this. I have. I thought about it that first night at Angelo's, and I've thought about it time and time again ever since.
"Wrong. And you say that as if it was an insult."
my shower, thank the heavens for that, and then I roll my eyes at myself inside my head, because
spot having been found and explored.
I am amazed by his openness, but try not to let it show. Somehow, I am scared he will withdraw from me again if I voice my delight. He is, apparently, not the only one who needs some more time to get used to our new living arrangements.
"Over there. Take your time."
" Mycroft asks sharply, and Sherlock heaves an exaggerated sigh.
I reach up with my other arm and cup his face in my hand, let my thumb run along his cheekbone, then his beard. I'm allowed to touch, at last. I'll make use of every second of this.
I take off my shoes and jacket and make my way over to him, but he doesn’t turn his head when I take the clients’ chair and sit down next to him. He’s wearing his favourite pair of striped pyjamas and a burgundy robe, and if this had been a normal day, I would probably bend down and kiss his head, or maybe, if I felt playful, one of his bare feet, and then I would check his back or make tea or dinner and everything would be fine.
“You too, John.”
“Sated,” I correct him. Then I remember something and have to laugh. “Did you say
She scoffs and bumps her fist against his shoulder.
it. If you can’t do that, you can’t be there. It also--- It might put too much of a strain on you, which I’d completely understand. You don’t
“Me neither,” she says.
I’d have cheated on him. I told her about him right away, didn’t I?
“Hey, love,” John replies. He leans in for a kiss, but the fluffy hood of Rosie’s coat is in the way, and their noses collide as they try to avoid it.
John leans back so that he can look at him. Sherlock freezes, his eyes echoing all of the trust and love that had been wrapped in the earlier kiss. “John,” he says a bit feverishly. “I couldn’t bear it if Rosie’s childhood were like mine.” He swallows thickly. “I care far too much for her.”
John holds himself still for a moment and hums deeply, and it sounds pleased.
"I love you."
this pretentious prick. A lot. More than what anyone in their right mind would call healthy.
"Are you--- sure?" he rasps.
"Okay," I say.
What---
Now the rain has stopped and he is back, clad in a pair of immaculate tweed trousers and a matching waistcoat buttoned up over a crisp white shirt, and the only thing giving away that he has only recently been caught up in the worst deluge London has seen in years is his hair - usually he keeps it slicked back and perfectly smoothed against his head with pomade, but now it is framing his face in tousled waves that are still damp and have thus turned an even darker shade of ebony brown. Despite the fact that he still looks weary, it is a lovely vision to see him like this, tinkering with our tea set and a tin of Mrs Hudson’s homemade ginger biscuits, and I cannot help but smile.
“You’re ready,” John tells him, and it’s about time, too—he’s light-headed with lust by now. “Come here.” He pulls his hand away and wipes it on a corner of the sheet, too impatient to get a tissue from the bedside table. He needs it now.
He chides himself for getting caught up in thoughts of this kind – it's a natural process and can't be helped, and they've still got time. They're healthy, and they're together. And although his body doesn't look the way it did twenty years ago, his most potent tool and weapon is still his mind, which is still working as fast and flawlessly as ever. There's nothing to worry about.
"I feel rested," he answers, for want of something better to say.
“No.” I’ll keep insisting until he tells me. “I want to know. Tell me!”
, to say the least, doesn't make it easier, but there you are. Sherlock has made it clear that he's out of bounds, and if, now and then, John allows himself to venture into the realm of imagination and indulge in that somehow forbidden fantasy to let off some steam, it's perfectly fine. It's not like he's going to act on it and ruin this, whatever it is.
Mrs Hudson bounces Rosie on her knees, and Rosie squeals in delight. Sherlock smirks to himself. How she's managed to figure it out so quickly he doesn't know, but it's quite obvious to him that this is not about giving them time to go out investigating. John, apparently oblivious to her motives, smiles at her.
John is breathing hard, his back rising and falling rapidly, but he doesn't say a word. Doesn't make a sound.
and … maybe some nice, clinical expressions thrown into it for variety…”
It isn't, and he knows that John is aware of that too, but what the hell is he supposed to do? Teach John how to be a bottom? What does John expect?
“By all means,
tasting
. So yes, he's not been able to think clearly for a while now. But he knows John's had enough.
"No," he says. "The beard burn. Should have looked in the mirror more carefully this morning. I was still a bit tired, apparently."
Sherlock shrugs, looking bemused. “It wasn’t as bad as I had anticipated,” he confesses. “People did seem to enjoy themselves.”
"Hello," Sherlock replies, sounding a little breathless already.
Sherlock huffs. John is right. He can already feel the other man's release trickle out of him and run down the insides of his thighs.
"That sounds brilliant. Thank you."
thin line.
He ignores the odd pang of guilt the other man's words provoke in him and snorts.
Opening his heavy lids takes an immense effort, and the insane way shapes and colours merge to make up a distorted image of his living-room makes Sherlock's head swim.
"I'll see you tonight?" he asks and reaches for his coat.
Lestrade’s voice: “Fine. Whatever.” (He already sounds so
"Always will," he adds quietly and gently bites John's bottom lip.
"Alright," he answers and settles back against his pillow, closing his eyes. "Hurry, please."
day earlier…
“Very,” I agree. “Very appropriate. Not to mention seductive.”
His lips quiver, and I ignore the cramping of my back muscles and dig my elbows into the mattress to hold my weight. I cup his face in my hands to caress his cheeks, his temples, the soft skin behind his ears.
"Sit back for a moment," he says, and Sherlock lets go of him and does so to give him room to slick himself up with another handful of oil.
, oh God,
“Tsk! I’d like to see them try!”
“I know," he says. "But I wanted something of yours inside of me. I--- I’ve never done it like that before. You’re the first person I’ve allowed to do it... and I loved it. You taste so good.”
Most days, John can hardly follow Sherlock's rapid-fire monologues once he gets going, and even normal conversations can lean towards the exhausting, what with his posh vocabulary and all, but now it's monosyllabic sentences, apparently, and John
” Sherlock whines, his thighs twitching, and John pulls back and lets him slip from between his lips.
to him, anything he wants. The sensation of his finger circling his entrance is exquisite, and he wants more, deeper,
“I’m flattered.”
“Okay…?”
Another key, another clicking lock.
Sherlock half-turns to look at him.
John walks over to the bed on shaky legs and lies down on his side to watch Sherlock shed the rest of his clothes. Sherlock knows he's seen the scars, but he doesn't ask, and he's thankful for that. It's almost palpable, the way John's eyes follow his every move, and he feels the atmosphere change into something calmer and more reverent than before. All of this means
He smiles and nips at Sherlock's perfect Cupid's bow, which was apparently made for being kissed, like the whole rest of him, really, and he's just in the process of calculating the logistics of getting Sherlock and himself into the bed at the other end of the room as quickly as possible while at the same time enjoying the other man's hardness pressing against his abdomen when Sherlock suddenly jerks and breaks their connection to stare at John in amazement.
“Oh, you feel good,” John pants against Sherlock’s cheek and slides his thigh over Sherlock’s legs, higher,
, and it's like his body has only been waiting for permission to let go. He's so close,
Sherlock frowns.
Sherlock looks guilty now, but he nods.
"You've got an interesting way of showing it," he mutters.
“Yes,” he rasps. “Something like that.”
“John,” he suddenly repeats, whispering, his hand still wrapped firmly around my arm. I have no concept of how much time has passed. “John.”
I bite my lip and stifle the scream threatening to break out of me, and he moans around me and clambers over my leg to get into a more comfortable position. He sucks me slowly, and it's tighter and warmer than I could ever have imagined it. His slick tongue circles my tip, pushes into the slit, moves my foreskin further down my shaft, and it makes me fall apart.
His taste and the phantom feeling of his silky hardness slipping against my tongue are still lingering in my mouth, so delicious, so heady. He looked beautiful when I took him in. I kept my eyes on him all the time, memorising every flutter of his lids, every lustful frown, every strangled gasp. His fingers were in my hair, pulling tightly when it became too intense and he wanted me to stop, and my scalp is still tingling with the aftershocks of his touch.
He swallows audibly. I smile against his skin and move my mouth to his other buttock, kissing him there as well.
He buries his face in his hands and hides himself from the darkness of his own bedroom, ashamed for allowing sentiment to take him,
He's sure John doesn't want to smell like he does right now when he goes back out there into the real world, but John shakes his head and sits up.
Although it hasn't registered with him what Sherlock means by that, John loosens his grip, and immediately he feels the younger man relax into his embrace. He buries his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck, shoving his scarf aside with his nose, smelling him,
"I'll go and pack a bag. I'll get the rest of my stuff on Saturday."
"John, you have to go!" Sherlock pleads, his voice desperate.
Sherlock gives back in kind, licking into John's mouth to play with his tongue, and at the same time shrugs off his jacket and opens his cuffs.
good…"
His fingers come away dusty. He looks at Sherlock, who perfectly fits the description of someone who's just seen a ghost. Or something that's been haunting him, at any rate.
We’re silent for a moment, but then a thought occurs to me.
"John,” he says carefully. “Don't waste your strength on that now."
His hand slides down to wrap itself around my wrist in a possessive gesture.
“Thank you,” I say, and mean it.
"I'm flattered," he whispers and grins. "And
“What happened?” I want to know. “What was that?”
. It’ll be hard to wait, I suppose,” he then says. “Very, very
"Probably," John replies.
He sends me a crooked smile.
He huffs out a short laugh.
"Hey. I--- I won’t keep you long. I just wanted--- I didn’t want to leave without saying goodbye. And… without telling you that I--- that this was the most beautiful night, and morning, I should say, that I’ve ever had. Thank you. And I’m sorry I'm being such an arsehole about it. You--- you deserve better."
Sherlock bends down to kiss the tip of his cock, then opens his mouth and lets him slip inside, so slowly that it’s almost painful. His tongue moves against every single one of his most sensitive spots simultaneously, or so it seems to John.
John pauses, taking in the sight before him. “May I join you?” he then asks.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he whispers. “For
They look down simultaneously to see Rosie, who’s lying on her back by now, grinning up at them. When she notices that she’s got both men's attention, she reaches up and touches Sherlock’s face, first his nose, then his mouth. He looks surprised, almost taken aback, but then his gaze softens and he smiles at her and pretends to nip at her fingers, making her laugh.
I huff tiredly, but nod.
The truth is, I’ve looked at her before. I’m ashamed of it, and I’m glad Sherlock doesn’t know, but yes, I’ve looked at her, and I’ve thought about what it would be like to take her out. It was only a thought, mind you, but I feel bad nonetheless.
I grimace at him, trying to hold still. He closes his eyes and grapples for my hands, and at first I think he wants me to let go of his head, but no – his fingers covering mine, he eases into a slightly faster rhythm of up and down, and my heart skips a beat when I realise that he wants me to dictate the speed and force of his movements.
Whether he still finds him attractive.
When she’s said everything she needed to get off her chest, she starts to sob. It sounds more angry than sad, but my heart goes out to her nonetheless. I can hear him mumble something in a soft voice, and then her sobs sound muffled all of a sudden. I peer around the doorframe and see them standing there, Sherlock with his arms around the much smaller woman, holding her in a gentle embrace. She looks up when she hears me and reaches out with one hand to point at me.
“You say this is a matter of life and death – give me the chance to decide how I want to deal with that! What if you die and I stay behind, never to know what happened? What if he kills you and I could have prevented it? Do you have any idea how that would make me feel? Do you even
I tell her how much I miss him, of how everything reminds me of him, and of my loneliness. And it’s all real – I know he’s alive, but he’s not here, and that hurts just the same. It feels so good to let it all flow out of my system.
She just shrugs.
"Hey," he breathes, then clears his throat. The next words come out louder, a bit firmer. "I'm--- I thought---"
“Whatever you have to live with, John, I’ll live with as well. I thought that much was obvious. And part of it
“Ah--- ah---
It is barely a sigh, but I can hear that he means it.
He sounds so insecure, so unlike himself that it gives John a twinge.
,” I gasp. “Make me come---
With an impish, challenging glint in his eyes, he looks at me, and I take the bait, curious to see where this might lead.
John snorts in response and throws his cushion at him, and he dodges it as he moves towards the door. They laugh.
After laying her down and tucking her in, he reaches for her copy of
Thursday. My first day back after being on “sick leave”.
He really isn't.
“Daddy?” Rosie turns her head towards John impatiently. “Why is Papa nervous?”
John wonders if they'll ever make up for all the words they never said, but then Sherlock gently bites down on his bottom lip and slides his whole front against his side, and John sinks into him, the only thought left inside his brain being that this is real, and that it's going to be alright.
“Why are you staring at me? It’s getting creepy,” John says, getting up from his chair to face the man watching him from across the room.
of a kind John has never felt before. He feels himself opening up to it, his body responding to the stimulation, welcoming it, and he just lies there, boneless, and lets it happen.
He huffs and turns, then draws me against himself and helps me to get into a comfortable position, his arm wrapped around me, his hand in my hair, petting and stroking me in a surprisingly calming fashion.
There’s a bit of a commotion right behind the door, and then Sherlock opens it with his usual careless flourish.
“John,” he rumbles.
. John despises himself for it.
John stops thinking for a while.
"You're dreaming again," I say into his ear, trying to give my voice a soothing tone. "It's okay. It's not real. Ssshhh…"
"Listen," he says carefully. "I noticed him looking at me, and when he started acting all superior I---"
--- John…” he groans. “Yeeesss…”
His heart jumps, adrenaline surging through his body. He stumbles a little as he's being dragged a few feet away from the roof's edge, and when he regains his footing and turns around, the person has already let go of him again.
Sherlock gasps as John enters him with the tip of his middle finger, and John feels him convulse around the intrusion, trying to push him out in an involuntary reflex.
He really feels the same.
He's really,
the memories of everything his time down there made him think about, but he'll never forget being pulled out and seeing Sherlock, shaken, but unharmed, waiting for him, and he still wishes he had just hugged him then, tightly, and asked him for forgiveness.
Sherlock hums in agreement and puts his own hands on John’s chest to unbutton his shirt, still kissing him, getting bolder now and using his tongue to pull at John’s in a way that makes his legs go weak.
“You feel incredible,” he whispers. “So, so good.”
His voice sounds weirdly metallic, all warmth gone from his tone.
"Oh, yes, Sherlock---
"They made enough honey when there were flowers. They have to live off these provisions now."
"Please stop shaving altogether," I say, and then I have to laugh again, and this time he joins me.
Mary likes him, she says. John can't see how she possibly can, knowing what he did to him, John – her
, even if I can hardly believe my own eyes. It's need, and trust, and abandon. He's letting go, letting me see it all.
Sherlock is looking at himself in the mirror.
” he hums. “Yes…”
John can feel Sherlock’s cheeks move as a smile forms on his face, and he hums happily. “Partners in crime, and partners in life,” he agrees. “Forever.”
He pulls out, immediately missing John's presence around him, and rolls onto his side to give him room to get up, but the other man surprises him by moving with him and fitting himself against his front, not an inch of air in between, and kissing his shoulder, almost aggressively, seemingly lost for words.
John doesn’t move all that much, just keeps him in his mouth and sucks as if his life depended on it, with no discernible technique involved whatsoever, and it's
John's grip on his hair loosens, becomes gentle, exhausted.
“Sshh-sshhh---” he hisses. “We have to--- be qu---”
But not today.
the one with the record, after all. But this is not like the relationships I had in the past, if you could call them that at all. I won’t go looking for someone new just because he’ll be away for some time.
His voice is shaking ever so slightly, and John despises himself for being the reason for that. This is not how it's supposed to be.
It’s okay to say it now; it had to be said.
important. This is the most important thing in my life, Sherlock. This, us,
…” Sherlock hisses, sounding out of his mind with desire. “Oh
"Papa," Rosie whispers after what seems like hours.
It's John.
John, sitting cross-legged on the floor, lets his hands sink into his lap then and fixes his eyes on the vision insisting that he's the real thing while behaving so out of character that it hurts his head to witness it. He wants to believe him, with every fibre of his being, but the rational part of his brain is reluctant to do so.
"John," he breathes, just because he loves the word so much.
. Before it's too late again.
to touch. He growls lowly and cups his jaw with his free hand, runs his thumb, almost roughly, along his cheekbone, then along his lips. Sherlock's face is a piece of art, and he needs him so much that he's scared he'll break him with the sheer force of his desire.
I'm not afraid of this at all, I find. I'd let him do anything to me. I know this should worry me, at least mildly, but it doesn't. It makes me want him even more.
My back is protesting by now, not used to being bent like that for extended amounts of time, but I ignore it. I pull my hand back until I’m almost all the way out, then thrust my finger back inside, and this time I can go further, and it’s incredible. At medical school, we used to joke about prostate exams and the more or less awkward training they required (I still feel sorry for all the compliant patients who let student John fumble around with their most intimate body parts), but now I’m happy that I paid attention – I find the small bump on the first try, and when I nudge it with the pad of my finger to gauge his reaction he shudders beneath me, his hands twisting the sheet he’s holding on to by now.
you!” I call out.
Then he licks his lips, slowly, and the sight alone is so sensual that my cock twitches in response. He grins.
"Hold me," Sherlock replies, his lids sliding shut, and John pulls him closer against his side and puts his arms around him, holding on as tightly as Sherlock's frail body allows him to.
“You’re wonderful,” he whispers. “I treasure every moment of this, John…”
made her. She's so beautiful, and she's a part of him. How did he do that?
"I know, and sometimes I still can't believe my luck."
"Oil," Sherlock mutters, trying to keep kissing him through it all, and gently pushes him in the required direction. "Bath."
,” John mumbles into her hair and closes his eyes. “It was nice meeting you, Lily.”
I'm lying in my bed, the duvet pulled up to my chin, wearing only a t-shirt and my underwear. I've drawn the curtains, and in the room's semi-darkness everything looks soft and shapeless. I'm thinking of John, and his beard, and his voice, and I'm so hard that it almost hurts.
He is burning inside, his body as hot as a furnace, and his muscles are squeezing me so hard that I wonder if he has ever been on the receiving end while he shared himself with a man.
Sherlock had him at “cock”, and he’s almost sure that he knows it, too.
“There’s nothing to forgive,” Sherlock says and raises a hand to brush some stray strands of hair that have fallen into John’s forehead aside.
They end up in Sherlock's bed again, because the shower is too small and slippery and Sherlock wants the real thing, all that John can give, and John makes sure that he gets everything he wants and more.
"Alright?" Sherlock asks, clenching his teeth against the urge to go faster.
I roll over and cuddle up in his duvet, soaking up the faint traces of his presence still lingering in the fabric. I changed the sheets after the first time, of course, but he’s still here. This whole room is still full of
It was the first thing on his mind, and it hurts to admit it, and it's true.
John’s teeth are already clattering. Sherlock feels pity tug at his heart, pity and something else he doesn’t want to think about because it hurts too much.
"Hrrmmm… Octopus," John grumbles sleepily when he tries to roll onto his side and Sherlock follows immediately, his arm slung around his middle.
They do not talk about it.
John grins.
"It's taking my brain, Watson," Sherlock continues quietly. His palms make a whispering sound as he strokes her back, maybe her arms, too. "Before long, I won't remember my name, or your dad's, or yours. Most days, it just… hurts. Everything hurts. I can't do it anymore. I wanted to win; please believe me. I tried so hard. But I can't. I can't go on, my sweet girl. I'm sorry for--- giving up. I'm sorry I'm taking John away from you. I'm---
I leave the kitchen and listen to her scream at Sherlock for approximately five minutes, during which he doesn’t even try to interrupt her. He has apparently decided to just take it and hope for the best.
“She doesn’t mean it like that,” Sherlock says, surprised by how defiant his voice sounds.
, I think he’s
Without intending to, I have used the assertive, slightly gruff voice I usually reserve for more formal situations which are in some way related to my military past, and Holmes would not be himself if he had not noticed. He grins mischievously.
"It's not fair," she says, sounding defeated.
become an issue if we keep up this frequency) and my heart is hammering in my chest. I wonder if it’s always like this, and if this feeling will stay. I wonder if I’ll get better at communicating what I need, now that all our cards are on the table. And I wonder what would have happened if he hadn’t caught me in the act today.
"She’s not talking about work," Sherlock interrupts him. "She knows, John."
John doesn't want these thoughts, these unmentionable images; he tries to push them away whenever they bubble up in the back of his head. Most of the time, he succeeds.
“I’ll sit down with you…” I continue. “The sand will still be warm from the sun, but the air will have begun to cool down, nice and soothing on our skin…”
John catches her, kissing her on the cheek before setting her back onto the ground. “Hello to you, too, darling!” he says, frowning in mock disappointment.
The fact that all he gets back is a slurry
John kisses the tip of his nose and then smirks at him, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
Why the hell isn't it?
He is silent for a long time, giving me the chance to collect myself. Eventually, he speaks again, and he sounds softer and more human than ever before.
That’s good. And fast.
Eventually he gets up, goes to the bathroom to dispose of the condom, and then returns to the bedroom to put on his clothes.
… my gorgeous, lovely man…"
like that---
“Well, I never! Why didn’t you ever tell me? Who knows what could have occured! What if I had shown up a client, or, God beware, Inspector Lestrade? I would never have forgiven myself!”
He groans, and in the background I can hear slick, rhythmic sounds that can only mean one thing. Knowing that he’s talking to me while wanking off is a huge turn-on, and I stroke myself a little faster.
Lestrade is right in front of the bedroom door now, and I can hear other voices in the background, too. They’ve come to take him away.
“I love you,” I repeat mindlessly, no longer master of my own voice. “God--- I
"Are you following me?" he asks, putting as much venom into his words as possible.
He wants to go home.
“What’s wrong? What’s that noise in the background?”
…" he rambles. He's breathing faster now.
Sherlock takes a few breaths to calm himself enough to answer. The surreal quality of seeing John like this, with his hand around the base of his cock and his lips shining with saliva, makes his head swim.
and falls
Velvety darkness behind heavy lids.
John and Mrs Hudson and Molly and Mycroft are there all the time, but he's still alone, and no amount of monitoring will ever change the fact that John has stopped believing in him. He's stopped
“Holmes,” I whisper. “Maybe you are even more wrong than I previously thought. Maybe--- maybe
"Papa!" she repeated and pointed at Sherlock as well, and it sounded slightly irritated.
wedding…”
Then everything around him turns black.
to release.
He obeys, and I can hear his breath come even more quickly than before. I hold him in place with both hands and lean in to nip his thigh, scrape my teeth across his alabaster skin and drag my tongue along the cleft of his arse, and he whines and puts his hands over mine, helping me to spread him open for my kiss.
“There are other parts of me that aren’t,” he says, his deep voice low and rough.
They’re turning into one being, joint at the place where Sherlock's fingers keep entering John's body, but also at their middles, which have found each other in an ancient, basic, mindless rhythm, and John kisses and licks along every bit of his lover's skin he can reach, his neck, his shoulder, his jaw, in a desperate attempt to get closer
Sherlock nods.
He hears himself cry out and grunt with pleasure and feels mildly ashamed, but he can’t help it, so he stops caring and just lets the feelings wash over him. Sherlock is moaning now, too, moving his hand in a steady rhythm that is somehow
He draws back and then returns, a little more forcefully, and it knocks the air right out of Sherlock's lungs. He’d forgotten what it can feel like. Or maybe it’s never felt like this before.
, for God's sake."
I can already feel myself going numb, my heartbeat slowing down, my breath becoming shallow.
"John. You don't know what you're in for."
say before everything went wrong and their lives came off the rails.
I grin.
I stare at the phone in my hand, and keep doing so long after we ended the call. Despite his annoying habit of outsmarting and continuously interrupting me, I think I’m getting attached to Mycroft Holmes. Who would have thought.
“Johnnn…” he slurs.
With a fervour that surprises both himself and Sherlock, who gasps and does some interesting kind of horizontal jump, he moves down the other man’s body, tongue-kissing every inch of skin that comes his way (his collarbones, his dusky pink nipples, the lines of his ribs, the dip of his navel, his sharp hipbones), and when he reaches Sherlock’s cock, he just takes its base into his hand and puts his mouth around the rest.
By the time I had been stitched up and we arrived back home at Baker Street, the street lamps had already come on and rain was pouring from the sky in torrents. The short walk - or, in my case, limp - from the hansom to the door of 221B left us drenched to the bone.
“Down a bit,” I pant and push at his leg to get better access. “That’s it…”
, shall we?”
She stares at me, obviously wondering whether I’ve finally cracked.
I'm gulping for air. It sounds ridiculous.
Then, suddenly and without warning, Sherlock turns towards him and fixes him with a look that pierces right through him, ripping his heart apart and taking his breath away. He's hurt him; it's plain to see. And, even worse, Sherlock never expected him to.
” Sherlock moans, and he loses all control. He falls forwards to hide his face in the crook of John’s neck, his lower body bearing down on the hand giving him pleasure and demanding more,
He would have needed only
She raises her eyebrows in what looks like pleasant surprise.
“Now,” John says.
The door to his left opens and John enters the bathroom, clad only in his navy dressing gown, abruptly pulling him out of his musings.
do, Sherlock," he tells him, trying hard to regain some semblance of composure even though deep inside he's screaming. "I blame myself. And you should, too. Maybe you don't want to see it because it would hurt you too much, but I did wrong by you, Sherlock. You'd be right in leaving me, in throwing me out of your flat and your life. I--- I'm a terrible person. A terrible friend. You--- you deserve better than that. I'm--- so sorry.
, Sherlock…"
"Sherlock," he says softly, glad when the other man raises his head and meets his gaze. "I--- It makes me so happy to hear you say that. Happier than I could ever explain to you. But the way you're handling it--- It's not right. We can't build a relationship on this.
He whimpers again, clearly not minding my bluntness. Blindly, I grope for the lube with my right hand and squeeze some of it onto my fingers. I’m making a mess of it, but it doesn’t matter. Nothing matters except him, here in front of me, his cock in my hand, and his twitching heat trying to grip my tongue and hold it inside.
He hopes he never will.
He's never felt the need to.
He squeezes her hand in his and feels her return it.
hard for me, oh
In front of the door, he stops. His old flat.
“No, I know you’re for real.”
"I have to put some things in the fridge before they go off," he says lowly. "Do you have time for your first lesson then?"
John swallows.
“Gonna
… When you’ve healed… we’ll do this again… and then I’ll have you on your back, looking at me… I’ll lie on top of you… I'll be
The MYphone rings. As always, my heart skips a beat.
"I didn't want to hurt you. I thought you could use some space."
"Oh God, Sherlock," John says randomly as he lifts his feet one after the other, and Sherlock notices that his chest has begun to rise and fall slightly faster than before. Sherlock thinks that what he actually means to ask is: "What the hell are we doing?"
intervene.
"No," Sherlock interrupts him and holds him down with gentle force. "I'll go. You stay here and rest."
"Come upstairs," he says, stating the obvious for lack of anything better to say.
John can't believe that a genius like Sherlock could ever be so clueless when it comes to his own sex appeal, but he knows Sherlock isn't faking it. So he takes a leap of faith, annoyance and fear and amusement battling for dominance inside of him.
“Please… come…” he sighs, apparently not ready to form complete sentences yet.
I open my mouth to reply, but the sound of our door being pushed open makes the words die on my tongue.
He's been taught that feeling such things is wrong, sick, an unforgiveable sin. He's had it beaten into him, again and again, until he
“Hm, your brain may be slowing down with age, but at least you’re able to get your
me, Sherlock. This… is new for me, as you know."
"I--- I've never really allowed myself to open up my heart to your daughter, John," he says, his voice shaking a little. "I--- I thought, how
– John can read it clearly, and so he does.
And he starts to run.
Sherlock grabs and holds up a bottle of almond oil, half full after he's just added a liberal amount to their bath water.
“God,” he whispers. “
"Nope. Sorry. I checked both our sides," he retorts smoothly and shrugs.
He wraps his arms around Sherlock’s back and clutches onto him as tightly as possible, kissing his head again, a bed of soft curls brushing against his nose. John loves this man with every fibre of his being, and some days he can’t even fathom how lucky he is.
… It was the worst day of my life. The worst day."
Then, he moves his hands to John’s hips—making it slightly easier for him to focus.
It's too hot. Sweat is running down his forehead and stinging his eyes.
“I want to make love to you,” he adds huskily and pulls at Sherlock’s earlobe with his front teeth. “We’ll do it just the way you want… You make the rules, Sherlock… okay?”
"As soon as I can feel my legs again," he replies.
He's almost sure that she didn't come, but she doesn't ask for anything more, and he doesn't offer it.
John reiterates.
, his brain remarks haughtily.
Remembering the smug arrogance with which Sherlock chose to reveal himself, John's fury flares up inside his guts all over again. At the same time, he wants to go over to Baker Street and see if he's really there, if he's really back. He wants to grab him and shake him and
“So you just played dead? How?” Mrs Hudson asks.
, dear,” she whispers. “Oh God. My poor lad.” She puts her hands around his face and kisses his forehead. “It’s going to be alright, Sherlock. We’re there for you, okay? You’ll be alright.”
“Oh, but it
John doesn’t dare to hope, not yet, but if Sherlock can’t talk, there’s only one way to find out what this all means. He’s gone and crossed the line today, so he’s got nothing to lose.
Sherlock wets his lips with the tip of his tongue and looks down for a moment to watch his finger slip into John’s body, but then meets John’s eyes again.
It takes him a while, but finally the corner of his mouth twitches upwards in a minuscule smile. I’ve got to him.
, he tells himself.
While I wait for them to arrive, I clean the flat. I go to the shops. I put fresh sheets on both our beds. I cook chicken curry and put it in the fridge to be warmed over later. I try to watch TV. I take a shower.
“Are you making an honest man of me?” I joke and shake my arm to make the handcuffs tinkle. “We could have picked out the rings
Sherlock inhales sharply and writhes a little underneath him, his fingers tightening their grip on his hair.
How can she be pregnant? They always used protection. Of course, John is a doctor, and he knows that these things happen. He just never thought they'd happen to
"You shouldn't be. He's dead now. I don't know why I still allow it to affect me like that. I'm an adult making his own decisions, and I'm responsible for them. I'm so sorry, Sherlock. Please forgive me for--- for implying you weren't human. It's just the same stupid shit Wilkes tried to do to you. I should be ashamed. I
This is too much to ask. It is too dangerous. What were we thinking?
“Sherlock,” I eventually pant and stop moving, my body tired and spent.
Then he leans on John’s left shoulder, lifts his right foot, and removes his sock.
“I’m a fake.”
John smiles at him.
I'm paralysed. My arousal has turned into blind fear, and I don't understand what he's saying there. He wasn't supposed to see me like this. It was my secret. He'll leave me.
"No, I--- no. I don't want to stop."
"Sorry," he repeats and licks his lips. "I'm
Of course he's making him beg.
He towels himself off and brushes his teeth and then remembers that he needs something to wear and that this will require a very silent trip to the bedroom and some way to keep his old wardrobe’s door from creaking and settles for his dressing gown instead, which is hanging on its hook by the door, thank God.
get used to those eyes. And he doesn't want to.
- with regard to physical appearance. I am short and rather square-built, and I have lost much of my former fitness due to being wounded in the war and falling ill shortly afterwards. My scar is not pretty to look at, either. Nevertheless, he seems to see something in me that no one else has ever seen before, judging from the way he takes me in and runs his palms, almost reverently, over every inch of skin he can reach, and I feel equal parts embarrassed and flattered to be the sole focus of his attention now.
, and that he's finally found the place where he belongs, but he can't let this go any further without talking to the other man about his mistakes, without explaining that by now he's come to see how wrong he was, without making an attempt at an apology, however weak that might turn out to be. Sherlock said they'd talk. Yesterday, when John held him in his arms, when Sherlock kissed him like he never wanted to stop, he promised him they'd talk, and John can't wait to do it, to get it all out there, and to beg for absolution.
They kiss. When John moves his leg to roll over and get closer to his lover, he notices that a hot, very obvious erection is in the way.
My hands ball into fists out of their own accord – I’m vibrating with fury and a helpless sense of confusion. What is happening here? Why are we fighting? Why is he saying all these horrible things?
"You're beautiful, too," John says, looking up and sending him a crooked smile. "All of you."
this is, he knows that it is far from a mindless drunken one-night stand. There will be consequences. What if Sherlock opens up now and he has to hurt him later on? He thought he could give him
Sherlock inhales, loudly, and it sounds like a small sob.
"Baby," John says softly, and he can't remember the last time he called him that. "You're the best thing that's ever happened to me. Come on now… Hold on to my shoulders."
“Hello, honeybee.”
” Stormy eyes meet mine, swirling with ever-changing light and colour. “You took it all away.”
To the front door banging shut.
“John,” he breathes, and I am astounded to see that his lips are quivering again. “If I am forced to, I will protect you with my life.”
Sherlock
Sherlock smiles through the half-light.
We stay in bed until the feeling of cooling come making our clothes stick to our bodies becomes too uncomfortable, and then we get up and go to the bathroom together. I help him to clean himself up and check whether his bandages are still attached, and then he puts on a fresh pair of pyjamas and his favourite dressing gown. He’ll be spending most of the day lying on the couch, flat on his stomach – as much as I love seeing him in his perfectly tailored suits, there’s no need for Dolce&Gabbana today.
, how he regrets it, but it's too late. Without another word, Sherlock turns around and walks into the kitchen, shutting the door behind himself.
too much.
He knows that Sherlock is well aware that he can't promise that, but he
Mycroft Holmes is standing there, his back ramrod-straight, gazing at him with an inscrutable look in his eyes.
She’s talked herself into a state of desperate rage, her eyes filling with tears. I shake my head. Poor Mrs Hudson.
. I hurt him, and then I left him, knowing that he had hit rock bottom and would never be able to get up again all by himself. I needed others to tell me to get myself together again – your mother was one of them. I'm not sure whether she knew about the depth of my feelings for Sherlock, but she knew I would never be happy without him in my life. She'd foreseen that she might not live long and left both of us a message – and we did as she said. We talked, and worked, and after a while I moved back in with him. The rest is history."
… Yes… I’m---
. Now tell me, what will happen if Sherlock kills himself?" John, his eyes closed, pressed his lips together. He knew it, but it was too hard to admit. "
I trail my fingertips across his elbow, tracing wiry tendons and protruding bones.
Ever so slowly, he pushes the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders and down his arms, and it falls to the floor with a soft, rustling sound.
"But what
He props himself up on his elbows. The expression on his face is a strange mixture of annoyance and despair.
. The last hurrah, John, remember? I want you. Please."
reason to be---
is a good idea. Who are you, and what have you done to Sherlock Holmes, oh spirit?"
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and feels the last remnants of his tears cling his lashes together. He's so utterly,
Sherlock looks at him, his expression open and relaxed.
“Yes,” she replies shakily.
--- longer..."
In a very remote corner of my mind, I find myself musing over the surprising ardency of Holmes’ advances, which does not only clash with everything I used to imagine when I allowed myself to reflect on the idea of
"Are you--- are you gay, Sherlock?"
“We’ll switch and start all over again.”
His skin, over-sensitive due to fatigue, tingles everywhere they touch, and John only intensifies the feeling when he clambers between his legs and rubs his whole front against his, all the way from chest to groin. Sherlock moans lowly, and John gives a deep chuckle and buries the fingers of his left hand in his hair, rocking his hips with small, slow thrusts that drive Sherlock insane.
“That’s quite flattering.”
Sherlock, still slightly disoriented, watches him sit back and ball his hands into fists between his knees.
When John wakes up in the early hours of yet another chilly London morning, he doesn't remember the day before.
It's so simple.
“I’ve dreamt about this for so long,” he says huskily, still caressing me, still avoiding the place I want to feel him most. The teasing is slowly driving me insane, but I also wish he never had to stop. “I touched myself thinking about it, about
When he finds his prostate and brushes it with his knuckles, Sherlock sobs.
He nods.
"What's wrong?" he asks him. "Do you want to stop? It's okay, Sherlock. Really. It would be okay."
… You feel so good…”
"We were, my darling," he says lowly, right into Sherlock's ear. "You're right. We were great together. In everything we did. I loved being your partner. Working with you. Living with you.
He's confused.
He gets up, seeing their living-room through a veil of tears, and makes his way over to where they are standing. Sherlock lets go of Rosie with one arm and puts it around his shoulders, and Rosie grabs his cardigan with one hand and holds on to it as if she never wanted to let go again.
"Oh my God,” she says slowly. “It's--- It's him, isn't it? Isn't it?"
"Oh, but I
“I’m sorry. I felt terrible for lying to you. I wish I could have spared you the pain.”
“Can you adjust it yourself?”
you. You--- You made my world bright, Sherlock."
“Say it anyway,” John insists. “Please. I need to hear it just this once. I’m sorry.”
him, Rosie. I'm dying
By now I've perfected the art of suppressing physical reactions to stimuli of all sorts - pain, delight, fear, arousal - but I'm very sure that this, this aching desire pulling at my insides whenever I look at him, will not go away, no matter how hard I try. He's the failure in my otherwise perfectly functioning system, and he's always been. No matter what he's done. No matter what he'll do in the future.
“What?” she whispers back.
… Do you want me to touch your sweet spot again…? Oh,
. Of course there is a lot that lies in between those two sentiments, and I give him all of that as well. Soon he is clinging onto me with closed eyes, lost in sensation, and I finish unbuttoning his shirt and pull it out of his trousers to run my hands up and down his naked back.
pain. He has no right to claim it for himself, to make Sherlock feel sorry for him.
He doesn't remember how he got in this bed, and he doesn't remember the name of the woman who owns it and is currently busy between his legs, sucking him off with moans of pleasure that sound too pornographic, too over-the-top to be entirely real.
“I don’t have many rules when it comes to the bedroom, but those socks will have to come off. And then I’ll do my best to get that brilliant brain of yours to shut up for a while.”
“That’s what is hidden everywhere inside this room. In the living-room. The bathroom. That’s what I’ve been taking to try and forget you. To be able to… function. I’m sorry. I’m so ashamed. I can’t look at you right now.”
"I'll
Maybe John is right and it will be okay.
"No," he answers truthfully. "Not really. Just… remembering the old days. When we first got together. Missing them a bit."
“I--- We were together, you know. Me and him.”
He wants to see what his face looks like when he comes.
He's doing it without noticing, and I'm surprised that he's developed mannerisms involving this newest addition to his already annoyingly handsome face so soon.
"Fine. Goodbye then, brother mine."
He laughs then, despite himself, but it comes out as a small sob.
“Oh---
“Sherlock, I don’t want the world believing you’re---”
,” he chants, and now he is the one being too loud, but I do not have the capacity to reprimand him for it. “John!”
John said
,” Sherlock breathes. “Johnnn…”
“Why are you crying, love? Can you tell me?” When Sherlock doesn’t answer right away, he adds: “I just want to know whether it’s good or bad crying. Please?”
I cringe. Even with her face all puffy and her mascara running down her cheeks she manages to look extraordinarily intimidating.
John still doesn’t understand why he’s only telling him now. What would have been so bad about sharing this?
"Yes," he whispers back. "I've got you…"
They are silent for a while. Sherlock drinks his tea, and John loses himself in the sight of his lips touching the mug, maybe in exactly the same spot where John's mouth touched it, too. Sherlock takes a sip, swallows, then repeats the process. John watches him, watches his Adam's apple bob, watches his long fingers flex as he raises the mug to his lips again and again. It's hypnotic; he's transfixed by it and only jerks out of his reverie when Sherlock puts the mug back down on the table with a low
Sherlock shrugs and presses his lips together into a hard, thin line.
“It’s time,” I say.
He props his hands against the mattress and waits for me to join him.
," Sherlock wheezes, and John feels his thighs go tense when he pushes his heels into the mattress and arches his back and starts to buck in time with the shocks of pleasure rocking through him, and John just goes with it and moves with him and clings on for dear life, not sure anymore where he begins and Sherlock ends.
or nothing, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock is not sure what he's supposed to do. He's never been good at offering comfort and support, especially not in matters of, well, life and death. He doesn't have it in him. And now John has lost another person close to him, as if everything he's been going through lately hadn't been enough.
“You look terrible.”
“Wh-what?”
“Can you feel the beach beneath your palms?” I ask him huskily, and from the corners of my eyes I can see him run his hands across the sheets, lightly, his fingers playing with imaginary grains of sand.
John flexes his jaw. The tell-tale swelling of white-hot rage undulates through his body, and he tries to fight it down even as his ears begin to roar with white noise. He wants to punch something, wants to
“John?”
"No – I'm going to work."
Molly, on the other hand, is awesome. She’s already off, preparing everything we need to be able to bury an occupied coffin in a few days’ time if that’s really what Moriarty wants. It probably is. Sherlock’s reasoning is far too good to be wrong.
Sherlock gazes at John's penis, which is still hard and now glistening with oil and semen, and puts his fingers around it to give it a tender stroke. John shivers and moans, his eyes closing in bliss.
John sighs and chuckles to himself. “I didn’t mean actual
It sounds sincere.
“I see you’re experiencing difficulties standing upright, but… it wouldn’t befit a gentleman like myself to invite you to sit on your own bed.”
They don't talk about what happened in John's bed over breakfast. They just eat, and then clear the table, and then John plays with Rosie and Sherlock goes through their e-mails to look for new, interesting cases.
She giggles and darts forwards, wrapping her arms around his legs, burying her head in his coat. “Love you, Papa,” she mumbles into the thick wool.
"You know what it's like when the solving of a case is imminent. I can't just turn my brain off and take a break. I can sleep later," I say.
She takes my hand, so gently, and puts it on your forehead. Together we push your lids down until those mesmerising irises are hidden behind thin, almost translucent curtains of skin, and when it’s done, all the light has vanished from the room.
John snorts.
Hell, he doesn’t even know how far he
… surprised.”
When Sherlock's breathing grows heavy and his fingers make their way into John's hair, John forgets why he was scared.
,” he gasps. “You like it a little rough, hm?”
“Is there anything else you haven’t told me?”
“What about…” I crook my finger and find the small bump protruding along his tight passage, nudging it with my fingertip. “This?”
After dinner, Mary tries to instigate sex, but he manages to turn it into some cuddling on the couch. He tells her he's tired, that the convention cost him his weekend and he's feeling it by now, and she accepts it.
John pulls out almost completely, then returns and slides inside again, slowly, slowly…
“I admit that I do, yes. Might have done a bit of googling.”
"F---fuck you…" John repeats, slurring.
" John is half shouting now, his breath laboured and ragged against Sherlock's skin. "Wanted this---
Suddenly, Sherlock feels like he should run from this, from all of it.
“Do you remember the day you asked me to be your best man?” Sherlock asks in a voice John has never heard him use before.
"Sorry… I'm not as strong as I used to be," he murmurs and bites the inside of his cheek in an uncharacteristic display of shyness.
And then he undresses. Slowly. Looking at me throughout it all, setting me alight with his dark, predatory gaze.
He is close.
John hums and bites down on Sherlock's bottom lip.
“I--- cleaned myself earlier,” he gasps. “
He opens his eyes and glances up. Sherlock looks wrecked and lovely and like a completely new person.
He's not smiling anymore, but there's something soft in his gaze that Sherlock can't read.
John's knees buckle and he sits down on the floor. Just like that. Right in front of the door. His head is spinning.
“Come,” he mutters tiredly. “Come here.”
John’s arousal wanes a bit. He’s sure Sherlock can feel the blood pounding through his veins from how he’s holding on to his arms.
"I'm--- I'm sorry if I hurt you, okay?" he tells Sherlock, his hands held up in an appeasing gesture. "It was stupid. I didn't think. I just hated him so much for assuming you didn't have friends, and I--- I mean--- It made
I close my eyes for a moment to gather my composure. When I open them again, I find Sherlock looking after Mary with a barely noticeable hint of a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth.
The case gets solved eventually, and the woman recovers, and everything is fine, fine,
torment him, of course it does, and he’s sad that Mary will have to mourn him, but the most present image in his mind is still
He gets some Vietnamese takeaway on his way home (
“You’ve never behaved like “just a guest” around here before. Why start now?” She giggles nervously. “And… I should say--- well, I’m happy for you.”
I get up abruptly, then sit down again. My pulse is racing.
John's hand goes slack, causing his finger to slip free, and he just melts against Sherlock, turning to liquid in his arms within the blink of an eye. Heat is spreading from his lower body into his arms and legs, making them tingle pleasantly. This is amazing. This is nothing he has to be afraid of. He closes his eyes and focuses on the sparks of pleasure flitting through his nerves, his cheek resting on Sherlock's upper arm, his mouth so close to his jugular that he can feel the other man's excitement pulse against his lips.
Almost.
They lie down.
. He's not worthy of John's friendship anymore. Maybe he never was. He broke it all.
“You need him for something, don’t you? Something you can’t do on your own. And there I was, for a moment really considering that you actually cared. How stupid of me.”
“That’s my Papa,” Rosie announces proudly. “Sherlock Holmes.” She looks up at Sherlock with the biggest smile on her face, giving him a giant thumbs-up. Sherlock grins at her, flashing a thumbs-up back, and with that, he seems to relax again.
. It's, to put it mildly, unsettling, but Sherlock seems unperturbed.
"I’m---
If her grandson hadn't employed the dark-haired detective and his silver-blond companion, her skeleton would still be there behind the painting, and she would still float around this empty house, waiting for eternity to stop and finally let her rest.
“Yes.” John finishes up with the necktie and smoothes down Sherlock’s lapels. “But a bit too explicitly gory for our target audience. How about the Birdwell case? People love hearing the part about the hornet’s nest.”
him, and the world outside could crumble and fall apart and it wouldn’t even matter to him, as long as he could be here with him, doing this.
Sherlock nods slowly, slightly taken aback by this turn of events.
I want to be with you like this forever.
“Just sit with me,” he says. “Just sit right here with me.”
John loves giving head. He has always loved doing it, but especially since his body has started to betray him more often than not when it comes to getting it up he's been enjoying the possibilities of making it worthwhile for Sherlock without his own penis being required to join the proceedings.
"No! You're being
,” John growls into Sherlock’s ear. “
Who knows if he'll ever get the chance again.
, he’s an amazing kisser, and John wonders why he's never noticed or even
Strangely enough, John is
Gulping for air, he looks up to see his face, and Sherlock cranes his head to meet his eyes, his teeth clenched, his hair sticking to his sweaty forehead, his eyes blazing.
“Fine,” John sighs. “We’ll discuss the Edinburgh case, but perhaps we scrap a few of the details? Such as the part where we found the victim’s entrails in a chest of drawers at his girlfriend’s house?”
hang in the air between them and wonders if John can hear it too.
"John, stop it." He looks at me and pushes his upper body off the bed, supporting himself on his forearms. "I’m
John's hand is soft and warm as he puts it on his cheek, and Sherlock's system, unfamiliar with physical contact of this kind, doesn't know what to do with the sensation. He shudders. The wave runs through his body from the top of his head to the tips of his toes, leaving him trembling. He can't remember the last time someone touched him like this. Might have been Mrs Hudson. Might as well have been Mummy, years and years ago.
, you’re so---
John notices that they've burned down considerably – he must have been asleep for a while.
“Tell me… where you are, Sherlock,” I say. “Are you in bed?”
Now John is here, right above his head, and Sherlock's heart and mind are all over the place. He never allows himself the weakness of human sentiment, because it's irrational and a hindrance and simply not worth his time. However, he makes an exception for John. He surrendered to John and his voice and his eyes and the way he smiles such a long time ago, even if the other man doesn't –
"She still left us the house."
"Hnnggghhh---
The question is mostly meant to provoke him – I know he trusts me. He
When Sherlock's free hand slides up his arm and neck and into his hair, leaving a trail of gooseflesh in its wake, John is flooded with relief and arousal in equal measures. He sucks Sherlock's plump bottom lip into his mouth, between his teeth, and bites down a little, and Sherlock shivers against him and utters a stuttering groan, his voice rough and deeper than John has ever heard it sound before.
Just to make sure.
“Oh Christ,” I groan. “Sherlock.”
“It broke my heart to see you get married and move on without me. But at the same time your happiness was all that ever mattered. And then, when you came back… I was too grateful to jeopardise what I had got back to even contemplate trying to take it any further. The risk was too high. I never revealed to you the full extent of my feelings because I was scared of you leaving me… and because I did not want you to bear my burden. It's---” He pauses. “It's dangerous to love another man like I love you,” he then finishes softly.
Afterwards he watches me clean myself up, and the way his eyes follow my every move makes me nervous. He senses that (of course he does) and smiles.
John smiles and turns his head for a sloppy, lopsided kiss, and Sherlock's heart starts to pound. If he's not careful, he's going to say something stupid really soon.
“Yes, God! Oh GOD!” he groans, his body shaking all over. “Don’t stop, right
John hesitates.
“I’ll do it,” Sherlock says as they pull away from the kiss, his words serious and authentic. “I’ll attend the event at Rosie’s school.”
"Please don't be scared. It's me. I'm… (
I play the roommate in shock exactly the way we’ve practised it, and if it looks so real even to Lestrade, who's the first person I talk to after they've taken Sherlock away, it’s probably because I
John knows he should be relieved by his reaction – Sherlock is fundamentally underwhelmed by his news, and he really should find that refreshing. It's not that big a deal, is it?
His lips slide along my penis from base to head, his breath so hot on my skin, and then he pushes at my hips to turn me around and administers a gentle bite to my left buttock before licking his way right into my crack.
“Yeah, fine, you’d tell him to---”
is wrong with him?
The sensation whips through me with such force that I forget who and where I am for a moment. My middle explodes in fireworks of ecstasy, and it's nothing like anything I've known before.
When John enters Sherlock's room, the other man is waiting for him on the bed, completely naked, gazing at him through the half-light out of his otherworldly light-blue irises. John stops in the doorframe for a moment, mesmerised, and lets his eyes roam over his tall, pale form spread out on top of the covers, over his long, slender limbs and sharp angles and creamy skin. He’s a vision, a paragon of beauty, and he’s lying before him, all his to claim, to
happen again, and then the next day, or the next week---"
"I'm… overwhelmed, John," Sherlock says slowly. "I'm sorry. I'm not good at this. I--- I suppose I should have tried to find out about this part of you sooner. I deduced that your father abused you very early on in our acquaintance, and yesterday, when you told me that you'd been thinking about me for a while, I assumed that he was the reason you didn't approach me right away. But knowing that you--- that I could have tried to have what I have now when we first met--- I'm experiencing the most irrational notion of regret at the moment."
“Yes.” Rosie smiles up at John, and then over at Sherlock. John notices a look of concern flash over her features. “Papa?” she asks.
“Pardon?” he asks, leaning away from John, his nose briefly crinkling in surprise. It’s only a second until he’s back to normal, but John knows that look—it’s more than confusion; it’s nervousness.
"You're very aware of the fact - painfully aware, I daresay - that I'm really
“But---”
Sherlock lies awake for a long time, but he's not troubled that sleep eludes him once again. He goes to his mind palace and rearranges the rooms dedicated to John and Rosie, files away the scents and flavours and feelings of today, and the sounds (
I gaze up at him and raise the corner of my mouth to give him a small smile, and he sighs and grins and caresses my ears with his thumbs.
“Please,” he hears himself beg. “
“Oh, okay. The Kings Head? Around seven?”
John hums lowly and presses his own cock against his friend’s hip to grind against him, and Sherlock grips his right buttock and groans, baring his neck as he throws back his head in abandon.
It had to come out eventually. Better to get it over with right away.
The couch seat dips and springs back when she gets up.
He jumps up from his chair and starts to pace the kitchen, his hands balling into fists.
Sensing that he needs me to be the strong one, the
No one has ever said his name like that before, and the many variations that Sherlock uses in different contexts—impossible to keep apart by an outsider, but filled with multitudes of meaning to John—are enough to last him a lifetime.
Sherlock turns off the bedroom eyes then and huffs out a full-belly laugh.
want, John…"
"You… want me to sleep beside you tonight?" he asks slowly, hesitantly.
John didn't mean to shout, but he can't stop himself. Tears are prickling in the corners of his eyes, and he feels ashamed for them, and for losing his composure in front of someone so aloof, so superior.
"Now we're all alone… and I can eat your sweet arse and only the bees will hear you moan…
“Touching.”
"We can stop, John. We don't have to do it like---"
He bites down on his bottom lip. There’s a loving glint in his eyes when he whispers: “I’m so proud of you.”
"You knew where to touch, that's true…" he replies, and suddenly his voice is deeper, throatier.
"You're trying to---
John pulls back a little, just in time to give himself room to swallow the spurts of hot fluid flooding his mouth. Sherlock’s body is convulsing beneath him, which is an incredible feeling, and John savours every little detail of the moment: Sherlock’s moans, the way his skin breaks out in sweat all over as if on cue, his white-heat taste coating his tongue, his quivering opening holding his finger inside like a vice.
I'm out of my depths.
"Let's prepare the bath, John. I want to--- be with you."
It feels amazing. He's between my legs, rolling his hips, and I have to admit that his technique is a lot more refined than mine. There's quite a bit of wetness now, too, what with our combined sweat and pre-ejaculate and the last remnants of his saliva, and it makes everything feel even more incredible. I close my eyes and sink into the sensation.
day. One day to overwhelm John, distract him, get his mind off this insane idea, and maybe this engagement would never have happened.
Almost there.
fixing it right now. He shakes his head and rubs John's knees, enjoying the warmth of his skin seeping through the fabric of his jeans.
I grimace at him, lost in the weirdest kind of limbo between lust and amusement, adrenaline and endorphin coursing through my system, making me feel giddy and weak and already craving his touch all over again.
. How could you
"I'm sorry, John."
lied to her,” he adds and grins at me, picking up a sausage with his fork.
It's dull. He's tired.
Without finishing the sentence, he falls silent, glaring at John, who in turn feels anger rise up inside his guts. Anger at Sherlock, for misunderstanding his reasons, and at himself, for not anticipating that this might be exactly the thing Sherlock
John steps behind him and leans his forehead against the taller man's shoulder blade. He keeps his hands to himself, guessing that he might need a bit of space until the feeling has passed. They
He doesn't have a plan.
. You're beautiful.
John returns his gaze.
, and enjoyed a slow, intense, and extremely quiet wank to the image of kaleidoscope eyes and violinists' fingers (clichéd, but
In his dream, he had sex with Sherlock again, but this time it felt a lot like
"I'd let you come back, John," she says, her voice shaky, but determined. "If you find that it's a stupid, one-sided crush based on hero-worship and you getting cold feet because of the baby, I'll let you come back and forget that this ever happened."
It's Sherlock's turn to gasp when John leans down and latches on to his neck to suck a patch of his skin between his teeth, then kiss the spot to soothe the sting.
Of course I know that this, this beautiful thing we’re doing together, will not be enough to make everything whole again. It won’t be easy all the time. All I can do is hope it will be alright in the end.
"I'll talk to Peter. He's been very busy, but I'm sure he'll make time. I--- I need time to think. Will you be alright if I leave now?"
would.”
"Is your medical kit still well-equipped?" Mycroft wants to know.
"I adore you," he tells Sherlock, who is holding on to the edge of the bath on both sides now, and then he takes him into his mouth to softly lap at the plump, rosy head of his cock.
“That was a bit of a scare,” he says and laughs. “Sorry! I hope everybody’s doing fine. The cabin crew will be with you again shortly. Please do not hesitate to tell our lovely flight attendants if you need assistance – or maybe a nice strong drink. I know
“Proof that one should never assume to know everything about one’s fellow human beings,” he replies and walks over to where I am sitting. “Some things cannot be predicted or deduced. I knew it was unlikely for her to turn us in, but I never expected her to be so fundamentally underwhelmed by our news. And so supportive. And quite so…
John is chewing the insides of his cheeks, his arms pressed to his sides, stock-still. Sherlock knows he's scared to move, to make contact. He thinks he's not allowed to anymore. He doesn't know that despite everything, he still is.
John puts his face into the slope of his neck, breathing deeply, as he slicks up his right hand. Sherlock wonders if it's all too much - too much input, too much sensation - for him as well.
Damn it.
Despite his pleas to go faster, John keeps up his rhythm, his pressure, since he doesn't want it to end too soon, or ever. Sherlock is letting go of everything, he can tell when he looks at his face, and it's the most mesmerising thing to witness. In any other situation, Sherlock would sneer at meaningless expressions like "I want to make love to you all night" -
"It makes interaction difficult at times," he says, and John is sure it takes him a lot of effort to admit to being helpless and out of his depths.
Sherlock can hear the amusement in his tone.
"It's an explanation."
“No, I’m coming in,” John replies, sounding determined.
"You've been so good," John coos, by his side again now, still out of breath himself. "You've been so good for me…"
"Are you interested in the former or the latter?"
He looks so devastated, and I realise that suffering physical pain was not the deciding factor in his trauma, and maybe even didn’t play a role in it at all. I was completely wrong.
After everything was over, Sherlock returned to his destroyed home, sat down on the dusty remnants of his couch, and put it all in his mind palace, stored it in boxes and locked them away, because it was just too much to be dealt with all at once. The memory of John looking at him when they pulled him out of the well was the only one that didn't go into a box. He kept that one and took it to bed with him that night, and regardless of how much he told himself to be careful and not expect too much, too soon, he couldn't help but be a little happy for the first time in years.
"John," he says again.
“I think you’d never have left her and Rosie. You’re too… good for that.”
"It's nice of you to say so," he mutters.
Even admit to his own insecurities.
The risk of completely killing the mood by reminding one’s lover of traumatic experiences in the middle of foreplay is not to be underestimated, but he also wants me to stop walking on eggshells around him, so I decide to face it.
He opens his lips and John's thumb slips between them, and he sucks at it, his gaze never leaving John's ocean irises, so dark with desire.
“Yes, that’s what I meant, John.”
Sherlock grins against his temple; he can sense him doing it even though he can’t see his face.
He looks up and squints at him.
John takes a deep breath, willing himself to stay calm. Somehow, he knew this was going to happen – but he doesn't want to spend this last family day arguing.
"Mmhh," John hums and breaks the kiss with a smacking sound to hide his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck, his hair tickling Sherlock's jaw. "Oh---
He’ll never lose him again.
Sherlock being incoherent is something John’s not used to, so he waits, slightly dumbfounded, for whatever it is that his friend intends to do.
He clicks the bottle shut and drops it onto the bed.
"Oh God, I love you, but you
from chaste. He wonders how he does it.
“Yes. We’re getting there step by step, John.”
"I love you too, Sherlock. Rosie loves you. I'll start therapy again. I'll do anything to make things right."
“Now,” Sherlock eventually says in a small, shaky voice John has only ever heard him use in the bedroom. A voice for him, and him only. “You can—
grateful that you did. Because since the first time we met, Sherlock, ever since that very first look, not one day has passed on which you weren't on my mind. Whether we were together or apart, I always thought of you.
one, too, if he has a say in it.
“A bit.”
"You can teach me all you know, so I won't make any mistakes! And when I don't know what to do, you can come and visit and help me."
“Smith?” I interrupt her. “
"You mean when she caught us in the act on the living-room floor? About… here?"
John doesn't know how long it lasts, and when they finally part, gasping for air and trembling all over, he's dizzy and weak in the knees and feels the tell-tale tug of a beginning erection throbbing between his legs.
“Sshhh,” I try to soothe him. “It will be alright.”
“Yes… No slipping into the vernacular for the great Sherlock Holmes…”
, John. My life – and, might I add,
John can hear the amusement in his voice, but also the arousal and want, and he chuckles in response. When he himself said it, it sounded more than awkward, but somehow it doesn't now. It sounds
He wants to be gentle with him, worship him in every possible way, fulfil his every wish—and at the same time he wants to take him apart, make him shout his name in the throes of passion, make him shatter to pieces around him and then put him back together again. He feels faint with it, and powerful.
single moment. He tried to talk me
“Yeah, listen, I--- I’m not actually
"To be honest, I could eat now. I've only had breakfast today."
“Okay,” he whispers. “We’ll just stay like this, then. I love holding you.”
It doesn't hurt as much as he expected it to, and the pleasure John gives him soon eradicates the pain.
John's body is accommodating to the intrusion and stretches around it until Sherlock's all the way inside, and only when he's embedded up to the hilt does John come back to his senses and realises that the younger man is panting, sucking in frantic gulps of air, his voice catching in his throat on every exhale. He's trembling all over. John wraps his arms around his back.
That's true, and reasonable, he tells himself. John was abused. Why shouldn't he turn into an abuser himself as a result of that?
"Peter," he says carefully. "I'm sorry. Believe it or not, but I really am. But my husband is going to die. It's going to be slow and painful. He'll lose all his dignity. The metastases have reached his brain, his lungs by now. He'll forget his own name – if he doesn't suffocate in his sleep before that. So I beg your forgiveness, but he's absolutely right in wanting to end it before it can get even worse."
Up until now, he's never asked himself whether John still enjoys it, too.
His cockstand is located right in front of my eyes again, jutting out from a nest of dark curls, beautifully flushed and already wet at the crown, and I immediately give in to the impulse of wanting to taste him once more - simply because I can, now,
ready…" comes the slurry reply.
He settles back on the floor and freezes, his eyes wide open, his mouth slightly agape. His arm is twisted at an awkward angle. I realise he’s practised this before, maybe in front of a mirror, or with Mycroft.
I growl and kiss him again, open-mouthed and with a lot of tongue, just like I always imagined when we did it on the phone. He’s so warm down there, his opening soft and slightly damp against my fingers, and I rub small circles around it and then slip the tip of my middle finger inside. I’ve never done this before and I'm therefore not sure if I'll do it right, but I tell myself it’s okay. Learning by doing, John. The sounds he makes are incredible, and I push into his body with a few small, shallow thrusts – without lubrication, there’s not much more I can do.
, I--- I don’t know what I’d do if I ever lost you again.”
“No,” I force out again. “
It comes out muffled.
much more than that), the idea of being associated with him like that exhilarates him.
And Sherlock: “Why am I doing this, again?”
He bites his lip to keep himself from shouting out when the sensation overwhelms him and crashes down on him in pulse after pulse of the sweetest release he's ever felt. Sherlock's arms are there, catching him, holding him as he falls into the abyss, and he's scared of losing himself and at the same time he feels so free, so light, and so absolutely happy that he doesn't care if he'll ever come back to solid ground again.
“We’re making love, John,” he says, and the look on his face is one of wonder.
"Oh God, John…" Sherlock groans and melts into him, and John knows he's won.
“Well, no one could fake being such an annoying dick
Sherlock purses his lips and narrows his eyes, and John feels like he's being x-rayed.
I smile at him then, because he’s so distressed and I want to make him feel better. He looks so young right now, so vulnerable. If he needs me to, I'll try to be the stronger one.
He complies without another word.
On Wednesday, I ask him if he’s had another nightmare since he’s back home, and he says no. He looks me squarely in the eyes as he says it, but somehow – and I can’t explain why – I’m not sure if I believe him.
They haven't done this for so long, but apparently John is feeling playful tonight.
Time’s ticking by at its slowest pace
. It hurts so much. I’m so sorry.”
Sherlock is scared of this part – more scared than he's ever been of anything before. This is not only about him and John anymore. There's a tiny human being involved in it all, and he's responsible for her pain and suffering. When she's older, will she hate him for it?
I gaze at the ceiling and take a deep breath.
His breath stutters on the next exhale, and when I look at him again, his eyes have turned glassy.
John is seething by now, and hearing Mycroft say "my brother" is the last straw. He feels himself losing control.
"Very. It got me the best man in the world."
What was he thinking?
She sounds defiant, and he can tell she hopes he will. He understands.
"Yes," John answers and kisses him. He tastes of salt, and Sherlock hopes that this is caused by sweat rather than tears. "Want you. Now."
I grin softly.
“Take me--- into your mouth,” I answer breathlessly, my hands gripping the sheet I’m sitting on. “Please,
"Come, then."
His amused snort sends a tiny shiver down his spine.
"You can sleep," Sherlock tells him, in a somewhat gentler voice that makes John feel all kinds of warm inside. "I'm not tired. I'll stay awake and keep watch. Wouldn't want to burn this place down by accident. Not before I've had a good look around."
He feels simultaneously restless and strangely knackered, his mind grappling for a hold on reality while at the same time hesitating to leave the comforting emptiness of sleep.
"No," he says lowly, carefully.
And then it's time.
“Mrs Hudson,” he says softly. “We do not want you to jeopardise your own safety for us. As our confidant, you might be charged with conspiracy if we are found out.”
“A week, maybe two?” I suggest, happy that my voice doesn’t wobble too much.
John is drunk.
“That’s not even a question that needs answered, Sherlock. She’s amazed by you.”
And once everyone’s had a chance to say goodbye, there’s only Rosie. She gazes up at Sherlock, her smile bright, not saying a word.
"Thanks, Molly," I say. "I'm sorry - I got a bit overwhelmed there. Saying goodbye, you know. Is there--- I don't know, is there maybe somewhere Sherlock and I can talk in private for a minute?"
, but---
much…”
Mary is pregnant.
He yelps in pain, and she laughs.
“Sleep well.”
So they aren't done with the topic yet.
"Let's think," he says, furrowing his brow in mock contemplation. "You woke up with
Realising that he almost
I can't.
They made their wills long ago. They put their papers in order and decluttered the cottage so as not to leave Rosie and her family with too much chaos to sort through afterwards. They gave away personal effects they don't need anymore and put the rest in boxes that Sherlock labelled with the names of their loved ones in his bold, slanting handwriting. They wrote letters and put them on top of the boxes. John put the password to the private section of the blog in Rosie's letter; Sherlock included a very detailed guide to bee-keeping in the one he wrote to his eldest granddaughter, in the hope she might take up the hobby he's always cherished so much.
“Will you have some breakfast with us, Mrs Hudson?” he then asks softly. “Or at least a cup of tea?”
tell him at all. What would I say?
“Yes?”
“If I’d told you, you’d have fussed over me again, and said sorry, and felt bad, and I didn’t want that. I can’t--- I can’t deal with it, John. I can’t support you if I can barely keep myself from breaking down. I--- I also thought I could get over it. But then I realised I would not be able to do that without seeing her. Going to the clinic was the logical thing to do – the earlier, the better.”
John winces.
"That's my--- shower gel..." Sherlock pants and feels stupid, because of course John knows that it's his shower gel; he
Back at home, I pour myself a glass of whisky and slump down on the couch.
,” Sherlock interrupts him. “Don’t… rush your decision. Sober up---”
have assumed that John would ever return the sentiment – or that he himself would ever be able to express it.
I hold up my hands in a gesture that says
All of a sudden, John's hand is gone and he has let go of him and sat up, but Sherlock doesn't really have time to mourn the loss, because a few seconds later he's back, getting on his knees and grabbing Sherlock's legs to manoeuvre them around his hips.
"You're beautiful," he whispers.
His hands pulling at my jumper to get it over my head and off are distracting, and I feel silly standing there with my wrists still tangled up in the sleeves and my hair all tousled, but I manage to smirk seductively nonetheless.
“I’ll be gone for a very long time, John,” he eventually says. “Be aware of that.”
He's floating, pleasantly numb, in that perfect sort of fog only spectacular sex or high-quality drugs can provide, and he doesn't care very much for emerging from it any sooner than he absolutely has to.
Sherlock doesn’t answer for a while. John waits.
--- Oh God…”
"Oh God, you feel so good," Sherlock tells him and bites his shoulder, then licks the spot to soothe the sting. "
“You have to tell me if it hurts,” I say, carefully working my way past the second ring of muscle. I know he cannot consciously control that one, so I massage it with gentle pressure until I feel it slacken around my finger. “We’ll go slowly.”
I feel guilty – for going behind Sherlock’s back, but also for getting Mary’s hopes up in vain. I can’t understand how I could let it get that far in the first place. I have no idea what I hoped to achieve by going out with her. I wouldn’t have cheated on him. Well. I don’t
"I wanted closure."
ready) and then slips two fingers into him, breaches him with ease, all the while kissing his lips, his jaw, the side of his neck, emitting small grunts and hums as he does so.
"Come," John whispers and pulls at him to give himself better access, and Sherlock steadies himself against the backrest of the chair to keep his balance, and then he's in John's mouth, surrounded by slick, tight heat, and his mind goes blank.
John stops kissing him and pushes his face against the other man's neck to gently rub it with his beard, and Sherlock responds immediately, groaning under his breath and rutting against him with small, urgent thrusts.
I close my eyes for a moment and fight to get my heart rate back under control. When I look at him again, he’s grinning.
But I'm not lying when I say I'm not gay. I'm
It doesn’t even occur to me to deny him his wish. I rise and make my way to his room, and when I’m there, I lock the door behind myself. I think I know what’s about to happen. Mrs Hudson usually knocks before entering, but who knows.
I’m operating purely on auto-pilot by now, and in a small, detached part of my mind I look at myself making love to him and wonder why the hell I was so insecure about this. Everything’s fine. I’ll learn it as I go, and right now it’s perfect – he’s letting go, just like I want him to, like he
confused by today's events, and I can barely imagine what it must be like for him.
His fingers trembling, he holds out the petroleum jelly to me, and I dip into it and then take myself in hand to spread it thickly all along my shaft. He drops the tin to the floor, where it rolls away and comes to a halt halfway across the room.
things to his earlobe, then wandering downwards to grant his nipple the same attention. "
"Seven, maybe eight."
He shakes his head impatiently and lifts his hips, impaling himself from below with shallow, but forceful thrusts.
"Then I'll stop now… while I still can," he tells John, his voice thick with suppressed want, and draws out of the other man's embrace to get up from the floor. "I'll visit Lestrade to distract myself until it's… time. What about you?"
Breathing together.
his area, even though not many have managed to spark his interest, let alone any feelings of a more serious kind, how he used to lie awake at night afterwards and beat himself up over missing his chance before giving in to his desire and touching himself fantasising about it being John's hands on his body instead of his own.
An animalistic grunt makes its way out of his throat then, and Sherlock senses him letting go before it happens and braces himself for the impact. John pounds into him hard as he reaches his peak, going so deep that pleasure almost borders on pain.
My heart is pounding, and I feel myself losing control. I don’t understand what’s going on, but I sense that it’s something terrible. I’m hurt by his distrust, and I’m scared.
John stays there, his hands and face pressed against the door separating him from everything he wants, until his feet begin to freeze.
it, but before I am there, before I can close the distance between our faces completely, Holmes raises a trembling hand and puts it onto my shoulder to hold me in place. He is breathing fast and shallowly and his irises have turned into brilliant, bottomless pools of icy blue.
I can’t let him think like that about himself, not for one moment. I shake my head and fix my gaze on him, hoping that my words will reach his core.
I kiss his forehead. His tears fall on my fingers. They’re so hot, and there are so many of them.
They manage to put away the milk and the food while being joined at the lips, and John doesn't even glance at the top shelf.
They swallow them at the same time, sharing the water between them.
He’s dead. He’s just jumped. He’s dead, John. Sherlock is
John sighs, feeling a bit helpless, and takes off his own jacket before joining Sherlock and Rosie in the kitchen. He knows Sherlock will speak to him when the time is right.
We kiss again, slowly and deeply this time, and he runs his hands up and down my back, giving me goose bumps. Then he goes slightly tense and pulls back to look at me.
” I furrow my brow. I can’t believe how
his walls down, and he's aware of the fact that he's the only person on this planet who’s ever seen him like this. John doesn’t know how to live up to the responsibility, so he just leans into him and kisses him again.
I watch as his face sets into an expression of blissful agony, listen to him inhale and exhale staccato puffs of breath through his clenched teeth, and I am almost there now, too,
Right again, brain.
I have to tell him now. It's not fair - he's opened up, showed me all of himself, and I've been mute the whole time.
He has watched the occasional threesome online (if the woman was hot, he made do with two blokes getting it on in between), so he’s got a rough idea of what
A short silence, then John asks: “What’s going on?”
coming back. Do you hear me? You can go and do it on your terms now. You selfish
"I know. People being idiots and all that," he says to lighten the mood even more.
I swallow thickly and press my face against his palm, my eyes sliding shut out of their own accord. His hand is so soft, so warm.
“Okay.”
. Thank you."
“Goodbye.”
," John rambles and clenches down around him. "Again,
want to touch.”
“My love, you’ll be okay… It’s over now… You’ve done it… You--- You’ve been so brave… You’ve done so much… When you’re back with me, I’ll take care of you… You’ll be allowed to rest then, Sherlock…”
"You think that's Granny?" he jokes in a low voice, but it comes out a little more lamely than he'd like.
“Great. I’m Mary.”
John licks into the space between his teeth, and he shudders.
"Help me," Sherlock tells him and turns around to grab one side of the heavy, wooden frame of the painting, apparently intending to take it off the wall. "You take the other side."
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," John says. There's no use beating around the bush now. "Please. I'm really sorry."
"Come," John tells Sherlock when he's finished and pulls him into his lap again.
His erection, flushed red and still moist with John’s saliva, twitches against his abdomen, and John moans in response, feeling his own cock filling again in sympathy.
Somebody turns the slumped form around to reveal the face John's been dreading to see, and everything inside him turns cold. His teeth start to chatter. He feels a wave of nausea wash over him.
“I found that on the internet.”
"Your wellbeing was always his first priority," Mycroft says, not letting on that he's in any way offended by John's tone.
at you! Look at what they did to you!" I exclaim.
"John… I'd love to."
Sherlock rolls his eyes and huffs. “Brilliant. And are you planning to punch
“No,” I say, because nothing could be further from the truth, and I’m surprised he doesn’t know,
“Can you do this from up here?” I ask.
It takes me a while to calm down enough to talk.
John is getting married!
"You want to?" John asks, and he sounds so amazed and hopeful that Sherlock's stomach clenches.
The door behind him opens with a small creak, and he half-turns his head and looks up, his hands now clasped in front of his mouth. He's scared he might scream, or say something weird. He's scared he's going insane.
Ever since John moved back to Baker Street, Mrs Hudson has been establishing the habit of coming over in the afternoons to make tea for "her boys" and sometimes have a chat. When John is out and Sherlock is busy with case work or one of his experiments, she stays quiet and just puts the steaming mug on the table or desk next to him and leaves. When Sherlock is alone, but unoccupied, she makes him sit down on the couch with her and they talk for a while - it's mostly small talk, superficial trivialities, but Sherlock knows that she's not doing it because she's interested in his take on London weather or the current state of the government (he doesn't know anything about the latter anyway). She's just checking. Checking if he's okay. Checking if he's still clean. And when John is around as well, Sherlock can't help but deduce that Mrs Hudson checks whether he's treating him right.
"Darling…" he starts, but trails off, his head empty now, all the carefully thought-out words forgotten.
, John. I’ll call Mycroft. Then I’ll tell you everything.”
They are quiet for a while, safe in each other's arms, and the tension crackling in the air around them dissolves slowly.
"I know. Living in the country for so long has had its effect on me, it appears."
John hesitates, trying to recall the exact date. “I believe it’s next Wednesday. So you’ve got a little over a week to prepare.”
“You’re the most amazing sight right now,” he says lowly. “I adore you.”
"I love you too, John," he answers lowly.
Mary looks from Sherlock to me and back again, her eyes glinting with surprise and excitement. Sherlock is watching her with mild interest, and I wonder what he's thinking right now.
“Yeah. Apparently it’s against the law to chin the Chief Superintendant.”
He waits with bated breath.
He’s seen it happen in porn movies, and he hopes against hope that despite being completely out of his depths when it comes to sex with a man he will be able to make Sherlock come without using his hands – he’d be so proud of that.
"Are you---" he starts, but Sherlock doesn't let him finish.
, I want to know.
until people start to wonder?
"Please let me go," he says lowly, fighting to stay calm, and tries to pull away, but John's grip is strong, and he uses his free hand to pull down Sherlock's trousers a little further and expose his left hip.
The not-quite-conscious half-smile that gets him makes his heart melt. Suppressing a sigh of bittersweet affection, he turns and leaves the room.
Sherlock, lying in a dark alley, stabbed to death by another junkie or a dealer.
where, hmmm…?"
Inch by slow inch, Sherlock’s heat engulfs him, slick and pliant and yet
She tuts, looking utterly offended at the mere thought.
He doesn't register where he's going at all, but suddenly something seems familiar.
he wants, and he's scared for his own sanity, because what if it doesn't work out? What if he does it wrong? What if John gets fed up with him after a while?
so much, John…” he whimpers.
"I see. I
"Sherlock, listen. I hurt you too. I abandoned you. There are scars on your body that I put there, all those years ago. You didn't have to forgive that. I'm--- I'm
“No! For God’s sake!”
What the fuck have I just done?
, love…"
"Sherlock, oh
It felt good to hurt him, to hear him grunt in pain.
…” Sherlock suddenly begs throatily, his eyes still shut tightly, his fingers clawing at the wood of his bedframe. “Another one, please,
" and stares at him, a perplexed half-smile appearing on his face.
you? I don't need you to prove to Sebastian that I--- that I'm worthy of---"
After what feels like several lifetimes, which I spend thrashing back and forth between terror and hope, Holmes finally speaks.
"Care to elaborate?"
Sherlock watches him approach, so far below, and feels his heart break. It's a silly, meaningless trope, he knows that, but he's
He's off his meds now, and sometimes he eats. John cooks him whatever he asks for, whenever he wants, and wishes for his hair to grow back, because Sherlock misses it so much, but he knows that there won't be enough time for that. Sherlock is too proud to wear a wig. At least he's still got his eyebrows and lashes - "Otherwise I'd look like Voldemort," he used to joke when he still thought that he could beat it, and that they'd be okay.
John laughs.
The tone of his voice is gentle, but determined.
"Thank you." Sherlock doesn't let go of his hand. "I'm enjoying it, too."
"We're not the men we were five years ago, John. I dare say
, God," John moans and licks a wet stripe up Sherlock's neck until he reaches his ear. "You're--- gorgeous…
“His face says he’d love to carry my suitcase.”
John, his mind still spinning with all the various bits of information Sherlock managed to gather in the short time between their visit at Wilkes' office and now, gapes at him. He'd almost forgotten about his little charade – murder tends to drive most other, less violent thoughts right out of one's mind, it appears.
John presses his lips together and huffs out a short laugh through his nose.
“I could never have done this without you, you know,” he says sleepily.
I obey, and his hand follows me when I roll onto my back, never breaking our connection.
This time, there are tongues involved, or John’s tongue, to be more precise, at least at first. Sherlock seems to find it difficult to catch on, and John’s heart skips a beat when he realises that this might very well be Sherlock’s first experience of this kind.
The haze of deep, heady desire clouding his mind makes it difficult to get a grasp on anything, and it takes all of his energy to concentrate on simply moving his feet in a straight line. This endeavour isn’t made any easier by Sherlock very insistently holding onto him as they walk, his fingers halfway under his shirt again, his mouth busy devouring his ear. It’s a miracle that they don’t crash into furniture on their way to the bedroom, which suddenly seems very, very far away.
“Sherlock.”
"Yeah," he replies.
Sherlock is falling asleep in his arms now; John can tell from the way his breathing is evening out, and he closes his own eyes, too, and inhales his scent, his
He remembers his medical training and crooks his finger to find the small gland protruding somewhere along the wall of Sherlock’s tight, tight channel, and the searching movements alone seem to feel really good, judging from the way Sherlock writhes and moans and presses his cheek into his pillow, but then John finds what he is looking for and puts pressure on the spot, and Sherlock arches his back and comes undone in front of him.
"Everything is still there… Mrs Hudson's left everything exactly as it was."
Sherlock inhales loudly.
“Hmm… I love you…” he sighs and takes a deep breath, melting against me, not leaving an inch of space between us.
"There. It's out. You're hot, and I--- I adorned myself with borrowed plumes, so to speak. With
him again, just to hear his solid weight tumble against the wall or the floor, to hear him moan in pain, just to
," he chokes out, and the mirth in his words makes my heart beat faster.
"You're the only one I'd be happy to learn from, John," he replies silkily. "I'm a quick learner, too."
“Sorry about the soreness,” I mumble against his lips. “But this was the best blowjob I’ve ever had. The fucking
"You took my penis into your mouth even though I told you not to - and
“Sshhh, love…” I coo. “
John’s heart wants to jump out of his chest and into the other man’s mouth, to make him shut up, to let him consume it, consume
him, even. Sherlock's brain is muddled most of the time, sometimes because of the pills and needles he sneaks in whenever he gets the opportunity (it's easiest with Molly, most difficult with Mycroft), and sometimes because his body wants more, more-more-
“Absolutely not.”
"Still… I'm
Then Mrs Hudson appears in the door of the flat, and a minute later John comes back from the park.
," she sobs. "Don't stop!"
I ponder this for a moment.
“You did what you thought was right, Sherlock,” John interrupts him.
“Sorry! Sorry, oh my God. I--- I didn’t know--- I’m sorry. I’ll leave.”
What I was able to do today, but...not only that.” His fingers roam up John’s thigh to his hand, and he intertwines their fingers. “What I mean to say is…I know that sometimes, I’m seen as ‘the great Sherlock Holmes’—the tall man with the funny hat who solves crimes. But John—”
John is flabbergasted at hearing him swear and knows it should probably tell him something, but finds himself talking in spite of himself.
“So?”
at me!"
And as they finish their snacks, Rosie leans her head onto Sherlock’s chest, seeming to have reached a stage of delirious exhaustion. Sherlock smiles down at her before taking a napkin from his pocket and wiping a speck of green from her cheek. As she drifts off, Sherlock pushes a strand of blonde, curly hair behind her ears. She begins to snore lightly, and Sherlock looks down at her with so much love. John can’t find the words to express how he feels, so he says nothing as they bask in the autumn breeze.
, he thinks drunkenly,
" he rasps.
"Sherlock," he tries to reassure him. "If it’s bothering you for some reason, or if it’s too much, too soon, just say it, okay? It’s alright – I can take her downstairs and make breakfast. Or we can use your bedroom next time. It’s okay, really."
“Have I ever let you down, Sherlock? In the first few weeks of our acquaintance, I was willing to kill for you, and did. I was willing to be blown up for you along with the man who’s now making our lives hell. What more do you want?
Sherlock shudders and rolls his hips to bump his hardness against John's in a clear demand for more.
"You can change your mind," he tells him, his palms resting on the backs of his thighs. "We can stop."
"Don't---
“You are. You’re my ridiculous man. And I want you to know that you are safe with me. If you want to, you can let go. I’ll be there.”
John, desire flaring up inside his guts again, playfully nips at the finger and then captures Sherlock’s lips with his own and kisses him deeply. The last traces of Sherlock’s come are still lingering on his palate, and he tries to guide the other man’s tongue there to get a taste of himself.
"I'll take care of you, darling… God, you're so sweet like this…" he murmurs and gives him another stroke, eliciting another soft groan that causes warmth to spread in his insides.
A low, choked-off growl makes its way out of Sherlock’s chest, and then his lower body jerks off the bed and he throws back his head in abandon, his eyes going out of focus, his mouth opening in a completely silent scream.
I miss him terribly, but I’m also so angry at him.
"I need to go. I'm meeting Molly and Rosie at the zoo," John then says.
“Go on.” Sherlock says, lightly shooing her away. “It’s a surprise.” As she trots off, the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitches in what might be amusement, but John sees something else in his eyes—something that wasn’t there when they entered the flat.
, yes," I groan. "Yes,
John loves afternoons like these: dry, sunny Mid-November afternoons when the leaves are bright and crisp, and the air is brimming with an earthy, brisk aroma. Days he’s got no plans, no late patients, and no paperwork, and he can leave the clinic before the sun goes down.
"Hey," John replies in what's barely a whisper - Sherlock has to strain his ears to make out the word amidst the pattering of the rain hitting the pavement.
They don't
Outside, it's starting to rain again.
“Relax,” he breathes, and then he just touches him.
"Sherlock and I fell out with each other over your mother's death, and over his relapse, but… I think even if she hadn't done what she did--- I mean to say---" He bites his tongue. He can't tell her that Mary shot Sherlock, that she almost killed him. He just can't. She doesn't need that fact weighing on her soul – it would change nothing if she knew. "Even if she hadn't died, we would have separated eventually. It probably would have happened later, because I wouldn't have left her caring for you on her own, but--- I loved him the whole time. I did everything to hide it, from myself and from him and from the rest of the world, but it would have happened either way. I'm--- I'm lucky it wasn't too late when I realised."
He does call eventually, at the beginning of the third month. He’s got him. But he’s in hospital.
He's just stalling by now.
"You'll need another shower," he says tiredly. "Care to join me?"
“Serbia wasn’t the only time I got caught, but until then I’d always been able to escape on my own… and not all of them tortured me, so--- I managed. But it was so exhausting, John, to always be on the lookout… always run, always hide… I solved some more or less unrelated cases along the way, which provided me with distractions, but in the end I always knew that I had to go back to the plan, and that it was me – and
He squints at John from under a fringe of wild, all-over-the-place curls, and John has to grin.
He’s looking up at me from under heavy lids, and I don’t know what’s more alluring – his lovely lips wrapped around me or his sparkling, staring eyes that are almost entirely pupils now, blown wide and so, so dark.
"I'll never forget you standing up there."
His face is tense. I myself feel my stomach churn with mild nausea, but I breathe deeply and try to fight it off. We cannot afford losing our nerve now.
, and they'll be happy, so
, but Sherlock is bored already, and in the evening the three of them have dinner and then Sherlock does the dishes while John reads Rosie a bedtime story, and afterwards John takes a shower and Sherlock decides that he's going to ask for it this time, before it gets worse.
"Thanks for humouring me. I'm sorry you had to---"
He comes to a halt right in front of me as I sit down on the edge of the mattress and lets himself be drawn between my legs, thus giving me comfortable access to the place I want to explore, and before he can say another word, I have him inside my mouth, hot and heavy and bitter-sweet, and he utters a strangled moan that stutters and then fades away to turn into an almost agonised growl that sounds as if he was clenching his teeth to quiet himself.
He doesn’t answer. I look at his gaunt face, and now that I’m taking my time to do so, I can see the marks his experiences left on his once so youthful features. There are lines that weren’t there two years ago, and a few small, faded scars, and a bitter expression of grief around his mouth that seems to be there to stay.
“Okay,” he says, evidently trying to get himself under control.
in love with you, to love another human being as absolutely, deeply,
, but it's hard to hide it all, and he hopes and at the same time fears that Sherlock will deduce at least some of it when he looks into his eyes.
, John…”
are the one who needs to forgive
Sherlock’s eyes soften at that and he runs his hands through John’s hair, pushing stray strands off his forehead.
John gets up and closes the distance between them, putting his hands around Sherlock's face. Sherlock's whole body trembles at the touch of his soft palms brushing his skin, so warm, so
“He’d probably manage on his own, but I don’t want to take any risks,” he eventually says. “And he’s been gone long enough, don’t you think?”
She sends him a crooked grin that, bizarrely, reminds him so much of Mary that it gives him a twinge.
I laugh with John Watson. I cry in front of John Watson.
it right now, and that's really the best he can do. Sherlock doesn't enlarge on the topic, which, in turn, is good enough for John.
“No, beautiful,” I confirm, overwhelmed with tenderness at the sight of this blatant show of wanton devotion. “Never.”
, he thinks before darkness envelopes him once more.
“A few body parts, then.”
He stares at me and sighs. Then his shoulders slump and he nods.
, and he nods as if to confirm his statement.
Sherlock smiles and nods. “Ready.”
… Please let me make love to you…”
Sherlock takes off his sunglasses and pulls down the hood of his jumper, revealing a mop of unruly curls.
"Come here," John whispers after opening it, and suddenly it really does feel like a first time, no routine whatsoever, everything new and exciting and a bit frightening, too.
He sounds defiant, and John knows he's upset with himself for not noticing a thing that John, his trusty, but simple sidekick, picked up on immediately upon meeting Wilkes for the very first time.
“You know we don’t have to---” I start, but he interrupts me by pressing a brief, but very sincere kiss onto my lips.
"I'm nervous, too. But I want it so much, Sherlock. I want
, I just keep going, faster now,
They kiss again, and then John carefully pushes at Sherlock's chest to roll him onto his back.
"Oh God," Sherlock hears himself whisper. "John."
He loosens his grip on me and smiles.
"Good."
for a "partner" right now?
Sherlock swallows and licks his dry lips, then nods.
"Mary---"
"Let go… I've got you…" John pants. "You--- don't have to hold back…"
“I can’t help but notice you’re really good with words,” I rumble, giving my voice an edge of suggestive provocation. “What else can you do with that mouth of yours…?”
John returns the smile, albeit much more sadly.
"It's---" His voice breaks a little and he coughs to gloss over it, then starts again. "It's better like this. You'll relax more."
but you. I’m happy
“I’ll leave you two alone now,” Mrs Hudson tells him. “I’m sure you’ve got so many things you want to talk about. But call me whenever you need something, dear. Anything. Okay?”
"My love," John whispers and bends forwards and down, sliding his palms under Sherlock's buttocks to hoist him upwards a little.
moments like that? He fought down his anger, biting his lip until he almost drew blood and wishing he'd had more wine, wanting nothing more than to get it all over with fast, to pound into the woman lying in bed with him, into any random body, really, until he'd stop thinking, until he'd spend himself and be finally,
I grin.
how much you love our daughter. But she’s surrounded by people who adore her, so I don’t think you’ve got anything to fear for her—”
“Everything’s going to be alright,” I murmur.
“I can’t read you right now, Sherlock,” he admits softly.
They're in bed together, lying next to each other like they always do, after any normal day, and yet
"Okay."
John reckons he needs him to guide him, at least for now. He opens his eyes and raises his arms to hold the younger man's head and make him look at him, bucking up and into his next thrust.
God," he sobs. "John!"
"Yes--- oh
Sherlock sits in front of him, frozen in that strange sort of stupor that tends to befall him when John compliments him on his outer appearance. John has always found this endearing, but also a little sad. Sherlock is driven by praise and flattery in almost every respect, as John found out early on in their acquaintance, but whenever the topic of his own sex appeal comes up, his otherwise brilliant brain shuts down. For some reason, he can’t seem to grasp the whole extent of John’s adoration—not even after all of their years together.
"They are, John. Mycroft has many flaws, but he's nothing if not thorough."
He took away John's wife, Rosie's mother, and he was supposed to protect her,
“Did you take it?” she wants to know.
“I want you to know what I want you to do without having to tell you. I want to--- I want to be able to let go when we’re together. I don’t want your guilt, and your apologies, and you don’t need to treat me like I’m--- I don’t know, an invalid or something. I’ll need time to rest, to process what happened to me, yes – but I’m not going to break.”
She hums.
For a second, John is scared that he’s hurt him, but then he feels the cock he’s sucking on harden even further inside of him and realises it’s happening now. He keeps moving his finger and hums deeply, knowing from experience that this will make it even better for Sherlock, and readies himself for what’s to come.
"I am. And yeah, it is."
I know his pain is not going to go away just like that. We’ve only numbed it a little. He’ll feel worse again soon, and it will take a lot of time and effort to help him heal. But I’m not scared of it anymore.
John is crazy for Sherlock, more infatuated than he's ever been before. No other lover has ever made him feel like this.
I watch his muscles flex under his skin and marvel at it – he’s alive, so alive now, and all mine. I’m glad now that we haven’t had sex since he suffered his breakdown at the breakfast table – I’m already hard again, and still
than friends just makes it worse.
How often does life give you a second chance? How often do dreams turn out to be true?
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
like a drug to my dearest brother. And yes, I provided him with one.”
“Sherlock. My love,” John breathes and kisses his sternum. “Want you so much,” he says. “Want every inch of you.” He then moves to the left to find Sherlock’s nipple and flick it with his tongue, turning it into a hard, pebbled nub.
I put my arms around you and hide my face in the crook of your neck. You’re so warm there. My tears fall onto your alabaster skin, onto your collarbones, so perfectly shaped, so gracefully swung, like the work of the finest sculptor of the ancient world.
"That is your wish, and I'd never deny you anything," he replies lowly. "Just know that you can always change your mind, up to the last minute, and I won't think any less of you and--- and our love."
“I am currently experiencing a most irrational streak of jealousy,” he murmurs after a moment. “I’m sorry. It will pass.”
“Yes,” he replies calmly. “I was. Mrs Hudson---”
“Caution,” I rasp, because to my amazement I am not embarrassed and know that Holmes will be pleased and proud to know me teetering on the verge of completion because of a simple kiss. “Or this will be over much too soon.”
John eventually breaks their connection to look at Sherlock and grips his sides to hold him still. “Can you reach the drawer from here?” he asks. “Lube.”
"Pity I won't see your face," he mumbles as he tries to get comfortable. And then, very quietly: "Maybe next time."
John senses Sherlock’s legs go weak when the other man groans and holds onto his shoulders for support, and he smiles against the dark purple silk of his boxers. He breathes a hot puff of air into it, his cheek pressed into the hardness hiding underneath. He bites down on the fabric bunching up under his mouth then, bites down hard, and he’s never done anything like this before, but fortunately it’s much easier than it looks. Sherlock watches him as he pulls the garment down using only his teeth, and the expression of absolute rapture on his usually so calm and composed features leaves every cell in his body singing with pride.
I crouch down and slide my mouth lower still, never ceasing to stroke him, and when I reach his perineum I rub my tongue against it and simultaneously press my middle finger against his hole.
“What about you?” I breathe.
“Of course.”
It’s not only the absence of physical contact that’s slowly wearing me out. It’s also the fact that I can’t talk to him whenever I feel like it, that he’s not there when I need to vent my anger at annoying patients, or when I need comforting because there are people I just can’t save.
When John wakes up, he feels disoriented. From the way the sun is shining through the cracks in the curtains he can tell that it's still early in the morning, so he didn't oversleep. Did they set the alarm when they went to bed? He can't remember. His body feels warm and heavy, and Sherlock is hugging him from behind, which is nice.
"You're not going alone. This place is huge. We only have one torch. If something happened to you, it could take me ages to find you."
. It’s true that I can’t tell you.”
“Shhh, baby…
," Sherlock pants, his eyes wide. "
I stare at him. He likes me like this?
, Sherlock."
"Sshhh…" Sherlock whispers. "Your dad is tired, little bee. You'll have to make do with me. Okay?"
"Yes," he whispers back. "Just to make sure."
John isn't sure whether he's ever felt this alive before.
"I've put a lot of thought into this, Peter. And I'm aware that it's a selfish decision. It's okay if you hate me for it; I understand. But I can't go on without him. How many years would I have before my own deterioration is complete? Five? Would you like your daughters to remember me like that – lying in a bed in some old people's home, having to be fed and changed like a baby? Not knowing who they are? Because that's what would happen, Peter. I'm leaving with him, because it's the better alternative. I'm sorry for hurting you, Rosie, and the kids. It's the most terrible thing I've ever had to do. But I've made up my mind, and nothing you say will change it. And as for Rosie finding us – she has
"I always do."
He hums and swallows, and then---
"When will you travel on?" Mycroft finally asks, and Sherlock is grateful that he's steering their conversation away from his weak spot.
"Fuck---
“I’m sorry, but he’ll have to leave. If we practise this, we’ll do it between the two of us.”
“Keep your eyes fixed on me. Please, will you do this for me?”
Sherlock brushes his earlobe with his lips in a barely-there kiss. It’s tender and fleeting and yet, John can tell,
Acting on auto-pilot, Sherlock reaches out with his left hand and fumbles for the still open bottle of lube, which is lying discarded on the mattress right next to them. He squeezes some of the gel onto his fingers, not caring about the mess it leaves on his already stained sheets.
But that’s not important. Sherlock’s coming home. Mycroft’s resigned sigh tells me that he’s given up, and I feel my heart threaten to jump out of my throat. He’s coming home.
Sherlock takes his time mapping out John’s mouth, his teeth, his tongue, the insides of his lips. It’s delicious, better than anything John has ever known before, and even as he gets lost in the other man’s gentle ministrations, he finds himself hoping that they’ll never lose this, this curiosity, this depth, this magic of their first real kiss.
He palms my bollocks, sending jolts of confused lust through my lower body, and then lets me go again.
“Your turn...” John says lowly and grins up at the taller man, who seems to shake himself out of his stupor. He raises his hands to the hem of John’s jumper, tugging carefully.
John shuffles down the mattress until he can rub his face against Sherlock's shoulder, which allows him to push his erection against the cleft of his arse and the back of his own hand. He tongue-kisses the sweaty skin of Sherlock's twitching biceps and ruts against his own slippery knuckles, crazy with desire, and Sherlock, apparently approving of the added stimulation the head of John's cock provides whenever it slips between his buttocks, huffs out a guttural moan and rocks his hips, easing John's hand into a quick, urgent rhythm of in and out.
He stops moving.
. This is amazing, better than anything I've ever done in bed before.
) "When you--- When you checked my body for marks. When you searched the flat for drugs once a week. When Rosie was little and you were sleep-deprived and irritated. You got angry so quickly back then. But… it's better now, John. It really is. I'm comfortable around you now. I know you'll never--- I know it won't happen again."
He goes rigid in my arms.
have an affinity for doors,” I mutter and feel him smile in response.
, I’m---”
When he enters John's room, Rosie is already awake, her eyes puffy from crying, her cheeks flushed. She's a pitiful sight, and Sherlock bends over her cot and puts his hand on her head to check her temperature. No fever. That's good.
"It's perfect," he says.
John almost wishes he'd shout at him. He wishes Sherlock was angrier. He doesn't know how to deal with this level of understanding, somehow. It feels wrong. It
From very far away, he thinks he hears John scream his name. But it's all happening so fast that he can't be sure.
I get on my knees, his hand never loosening its hold on me, and then climb into bed with him.
John just nods.
John reaches down between his legs to test the waters (finding him ready,
"No. No, I'm sorry. I'm--- tired," I lie.
She opens her mouth, presumably to ask him what's wrong, but he doesn't allow her to speak.
And Sherlock sleeps.
Sherlock’s body is limp and heavy when he manoeuvers him into his lap again and helps him to sling his legs around his waist, but when John slips his hands under his arse to lift him up and give himself space to enter him, he suddenly comes back to life.
John doesn't want, can't
She frowns at him.
in shock, at least a little bit. There's a lot of fake blood on the pavement. A lot.
“I did.”
He nods, seemingly indifferent to it all.
Not down
"You know where the beard will feel really, really good, too?" he asks, his voice a low rumble. "The back of your neck. While I shag you right into the mattress."
“I agree,” he says. “Some things are best kept between the two of us.”
His gaze is unseeing, his irises glinting like a kaleidoscope of cool colours. The heat burning inside them is gone. He’s left me forever. I’m alone now.
Silence. Then he huffs, almost violently, and starts to vibrate in my arms. For the fraction of a second I am hurt, humiliated even, because it sounds like he is suppressing a laugh, but then I realise that it is quite the opposite. He is holding back a reaction that might be too painful for him to reveal just now, and I chide myself for not noticing right away. He does not answer, so I pull him against me and kiss his hair, over and over again.
John pushes him, very carefully, in the direction of the stairs that lead up to his bedroom. Sherlock allows him to.
Who has he been trying to kid? He never had a choice.
Lily raises her head as well, and he can see that her cheeks are wet and her eyes have turned puffy and red.
“Need---
"Good morning."
It takes an incredible effort to raise my head and glance down at my thigh - I cannot feel my legs at all at this moment. He is right. The once white dressing covering my wound is stained red, which means I will have to change it, which, in turn, means I will have to disentangle myself from his embrace and get up.
Sherlock stills for the fraction of a second, but then grabs John and rolls the two of them over so that he’s on top. John gasps and half-smiles in pleasant surprise. His heart is hammering behind his ribs in a mixture of apprehension and giddy expectation. It's really going to happen now.
“Is he in trouble?”
walls squeezing him right into his cock, and he has to bite his tongue not to spend himself right then and there.
They stay like that for an endless moment, Sherlock's head falling forwards again to rest against John's, their arms slung around each other tightly, fingertips pressing into wet skin.
John's pupils are so wide that they make his irises look black.
“It’s alright…” he says lowly and pushes his head into John’s touch like a huge, cuddly cat. "I love how you let go."
Sherlock is so smart. How come he doesn't know that John's a monster? How come he's not trying to protect himself?
“What happens once we’re sore?”
“Harder,” he rasps. “Please, John---
He's a father. That's just what he is now.
“I wish I could take you in my arms now, John. I find it difficult to express what I want to tell you with words alone.”
,” I whisper. “Oh God,
“Ice cream in November?” John laughs as he looks down at her. “Bit cold for that, don’t you think?”
Even in the dim light, he can see Sherlock roll his eyes.
He appreciates that Sherlock at least
I gaze at his tousled hair and trail my fingers down his spine, and in my mind palace, a new room appears, sketches of John's perfect anatomy scattered all over the walls. The long muscles of his back, the dips between his vertebrae, the two dimples right above the soft swell of his buttocks.
I clench my teeth.
"Johnnnn!" Sherlock hears himself cry out, the pressure inside of him almost too much, too bright. "Ah!"
What are you doing in there?”
“Curious,” he repeats slowly and motions for me to take a seat on the settee, still not meeting my gaze.
at each other even, has not really reappeared.
John forces himself to let go of him and leans back to unwrap his legs from his waist.
…” he hears Sherlock chant, his voice breaking. “
have sex. They’re close to each other right now, so close, and he can feel John’s arousal enveloping him in blind, insane heat, his hardness so terribly present between their bodies, and he’s painfully aware of his own flaccid penis, even
he retorts, gesturing towards their naked bodies. “I meant...
…" he grunts.
I freeze, tongue-tied, feeling self-consciousness engulf me once more with a vengeance. No one has ever touched me this way before. I need to tell him.
Sherlock gazes at him and licks his lips, hooking his thumb under the waistband of John’s pants.
. He wore him out, made him let go, freed him of his demons, at least for a little while. Sherlock said so himself, in almost exactly the same words, before he fell asleep in John's arms, and John lay awake for a little longer and basked in the glorious feeling of having him near him like that.
“I don’t know what to do,” he breathes into it. “I--- I want to say the same, but I can’t. I--- I’m not--- I
He takes a deep breath and squeezes past some German students and back inside the cabin.
“Leave a note when?”
There's one week left, and then it'll all be over.
The end.
Of course he wants this. It's all he's wanted ever since that very first day. He thought things between them were broken beyond repair, but now he's not so sure anymore. The question is,
What a pretentious
“Erm,” I say and smile at her. “I---”
“Watson,” Sherlock nods. “I’d say that was a success, wouldn’t you?”
