John pulled me under the shower head with him, wrapping his arms around me. He held me for a long moment, then he began washing me, rubbing soap over my back and arse, turning me around to scrub my legs. His hands traveled up my body, sudsing my belly and chest, under my arms, over my shoulders and down to my hands. He paused there, examining the fading bruises on my knuckles. But then he let go and soaped my prick and bollocks with clinical care, smirking as my prick responded to his touch.
The link made their love-making incredibly intense, Sherlock’s greedy lust inciting John, the way his Omega leaned into the edge of pain, making him harder and hotter, making him want to thrust ruthlessly.
"I might have more questions. And I want to be sure you aren't doing something that would get John killed. In fact, I'm coming over - you're at 221b? I want to examine the scene. Don't touch anything!" With that, Sherlock hung up.
When he finally joined me in the living room, Sherlock was scrubbed pink and still slightly damp wearing fresh pyjamas. He found me on the couch where I’d sprawled lazily.
Sherlock wasn’t injured, wasn’t in trouble, not yet... but his fear was distracting. John felt a primal need to run to his mate, help him...
“This could simply be murder of opportunity.” Sherlock said. “Or they might have something else in common that we haven’t found yet.”
Vinokourov laughed again. I didn’t move, I simply began to pray, over and over, that Nazer would let me shoot up first.
It had been almost easy to take John's cock then – as loose and lubed as he was from the earlier coupling – John gave it to him all at once with an animalistic grunt.
He’d had no autonomy, bodily or otherwise. All of his independence had been stolen. And I knew how important his independence, his need to be in control of his own destiny, was.
"Ok." Shane stood and helped John to his feet. It felt like he was covered in tar, sticking to the chair, to the floor... "This is yours?"
John explored the room again – standing this time – and quickly found the door. He pushed it open, wincing as it creaked, and crept silently out on his bare feet. He was on the deck of an indoor pool, the water reflecting the few lights dizzily.
They had both gotten birth control jabs, John noting the responsibility shouldn’t lay entirely on Sherlock’s shoulders – not to mention that Omega birth control was notoriously fallible. He’d even bought some Alpha condoms – Sherlock had scoffed and hidden them in the skull. Not that he need bother, they’d be forgotten as soon as his heat began in earnest.
Shane walked down the hall and tapped lightly on John’s bedroom door. Sherlock could just hear John’s voice, but not what he said. It must have been an invitation as Shane disappeared into the room, shutting the door behind him.
I glared at the newspaper – I was shocked by the picture of John on the cover. (Below the big photo of me in that stupid hat.) He was gaunt and grey in his good suit, a nasty bruise darkening his brow, clinging to Mrs. Hudson as if he might drown if he let go of her arm. He didn’t seem angered by the paparazzi as I expected, he seemed stunned, shell-shocked.
I still fear the waning of his love, his realization that he wants to be with a woman... but as I gaze at him, sleeping by my side in the bright light of morning, I know that won’t happen today.
Sherlock watched and thought about their one night together, about John's hands on his body. He would never experience that again.
The anger has a life of its own. It's a net, a shell that encases me. It's hardened into concrete. I'm trapped in it, unable to move or even breathe. I cannot break out of it - and I'm not even sure I want to. It's safe in here, in my bunker of fury, he can't get to me here. He can't hurt me again.
"No. He was away at school most of the time, but when he was here he and Dad got along. He'd even started warming up to Vic a little."
Then she'd started to cry, still clinging to me, her arms around my neck, her breasts pressed against my chest. "Why are you being so mean, John? That's not you!"
John hadn’t been in his room when Sherlock arrived at hospital. All they would tell him was that he was undergoing tests and treatments. Sherlock had started to argue with them, but Mycroft’s functionary stepped in. He’d been sent to advocate for John while Sherlock and Shane had been with Moran, and he smoothed away any problems with hospital staff. Sherlock camped out in intensive care and the steady beeps and whirs of all the machinery had lulled him to sleep. They’d been up all night after all.
A stray bluebottle landed on Sherlock's collar. He batted at it absently as he deigned to put the paper booties on over his shoes.
Sherlock waited until the nurses moved the woman away and peered into the room. A middle aged man lay peacefully on the bed – he could be asleep except for his pallor and the stillness of his chest, it didn't rise and fall with the regular breath of sleep. Sherlock picked up his chart. Simon Fraser had had pleurisy caused by pneumonia. He'd been treated with antibiotics and ibuprofen. He was indeed on the mend. Or had been.
"We're your prime suspects, then? G said he was going to look at a car. Don't know if he did. No idea what Gereth was doing. That kid can disappear."
John had thought about it for a few seconds. "I admit, not having that weight on my shoulders would be... a relief. I don't know how I'd tell Sherlock, though. It's not a conversation I ever imagined."
“I know.” John sounded grim. “I called Lestrade a few minutes ago. I’m going to make sure you and Shane get out and then keep an eye on Angus until he gets here.” He handed Sherlock his vest. “Put this on, yeah?”
“Yes.” Did he really doubt me? “Of course! As long as you want me, I’ll come back. Why wouldn’t I come back?”
Sherlock sighed and set down the toast. “The bitter odour isn’t a byproduct of the hormone injections. There are indications of a foreign chemical in their blood, a compound... but it had been partially metabolised. I couldn't isolate it.”
John would wake up then - always with a raging erection, but without the will to stroke himself. If he were with Shane, he would have to get out of bed and go to the bog. He needed time alone to reckon with fresh grief.
But John didn’t let him go. When Sherlock opened his eyes, he was sitting on the floor and John was sitting next to him, holding him tightly against his shoulder. Sherlock nuzzled his neck and John turned his face toward Sherlock and they kissed. John couldn’t seem to get enough of Sherlock’s mouth and lips and tongue...
I rang off and returned to the rec room. There I flopped back down on the sofa and returned to composing. I had started a new piece in rehab - it was tempestuous and violent and my fingers ached for my violin.
“Heat harness” John looked away from the body and from his mate, a bitter edge to his voice. “Omega prostitutes. They make them wear a leather harness when they’re in heat. It buckles around the neck and there are straps that go under the arms to hold it in place. It covers the scent gland on the back of the neck, so the Omega can’t be bitten and bonded. The leather’s studded with holes though, so the scent is still strong.”
I stretched luxuriantly – Sherlock's bed was comfortable and he was an agreeably warm and solid presence in it. "You were watching me sleep."
John was seeing double – her fists kept connecting with his face and all he could do was try to hide behind his arms. She screeched in triumph as she got her hands around his throat and began to squeeze. John struggled... he hit out, palm-punching her in the nose and chin. He tried fumblingly to push her away, but she never slackened her hold. Black spots began floating in front of his eyes...
They collapsed onto the couch together, John rolling them onto their sides, holding Sherlock tightly against his chest. Sherlock continued to shudder
"It IS my business when a forty-six year old man is taking advantage of my underaged brother – it's very much my business!"
Mary was smart and funny and not the least bit flirtatious. And she didn’t know anything about Sherlock. She didn’t look at me anxiously – or look beyond me reflexively, expecting to see him. Then turning to me with bitterness in their eyes.
And, John suspected, the scratches on his face were becoming infected. He hadn’t washed it properly the first day – hadn’t really had a chance – and when he did wash it, all he had was soap and bottled water.
I hadn't been this sick since rehab – the strep infection had been the tipping point, I was so sick even the cocaine couldn't make my brain work properly. I ended up in hospital. Detoxing is a horror. Detoxing with a rampant strep infection almost killed me.
The girl nodded and squared her shoulders. Virginia put an arm around her and Molly cuddled into her mum. They looked charming together, John thought, their auburn hair mingling.
Walter sat on the chair next to me with his best 'I'm relatable' expression. "You've been through rehab before." He said. It wasn't a question so I simply shrugged. "Was it boring then?
Reflexively, I checked to see if it was loaded. It was not. With a quick glance at Moran I pointed it at the wall and put the barrel to my shoulder. I looked through the scope and saw the edge of the elephant’s ear magnified.
"Give it a try." Shane said, his voice carefully neutral. "It may not work, but it will at least give you time to heal and decide what YOU want."
John was going to cum. He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s prick and jacked it along with the slapping, slamming intercourse. For a moment he was suspended, they both were, over the waterfall. Then they plunged in together.
Point made. I checked to see that there was still a shell in the chamber, then pointed it at the gangly form that reminded me so much of myself.
"Ta, mate." John said, flexing his fingers in anger, sounding like he was doing anything but thanking the man. "Listen..." John stopped the tirade before it started. He turned to Shane instead, indicated Sherlock. "Shane, don't leave him, yeah? Keep him safe."
the fight. John started counting his breaths to center himself, going back to the most basic control exercises he'd learned. Alphas fought – they were hardwired by millennia of evolution to compete with each other violently for food, resources, Omegas... The fact that they no longer needed to fight each other to survive didn't change their hormones and instincts. Young Alphas were channeled into sport and the military, they were rigorously taught to control their base instincts, to rise above them. But still, Alphas fought. They fought with their fists when they were young and if they were smart, they learned to channel the competitive spirit into athletics or business or finance...
Mum wore long sleeves every day. It wasn’t until he was older that he realised it was to cover bruises.
Then John was back, pressing his nose to Sherlock’s neck, scenting him, kissing their bond mark and everything was good and right again. Together they got plates and silverware. John set the takeaway out on his little table with a lascivious thought about bending Sherlock over said table.
And I have to admit, I liked spending time with Mary. She was sweet and smart and pretty. If I teased her, she enjoyed it – and enjoyed giving as good as she got. If I complained, she listened and tried to help. When she expressed her fears about Seb Moran, she seemed grateful for my advice. I felt like I’d made a friend.
"Come in." I said. Even in the dark, I could see immediately that he knew. Victor had told him. I was relieved – I hadn't had the words. "Come in." I said again, sitting up.
“I’m fine.” I said flatly, conscious that I was far from fine. But there was nothing Mycroft could do to help me. He couldn’t bring Sherlock back.
Dr. Baehr rode in the ambulance with me monitoring my vitals and showing her notes to another doctor. If he introduced himself, I missed it.
Sherlock sagged. He dropped into a kitchen chair. Moran knew he was alive. "Did he say he'd let John go if you 'delivered' me?"
I couldn’t help but smile at him fondly. “You frown and steeple your fingers in front of your lips.” God! Those amazing lips!
“Yeah.” They shared a complex mix of feelings – reassurance, need, frustration, desire, impatience, caring, all overlaid with John’s exhaustion. “Maybe… maybe you should wank and let me watch.”
Sherlock studied his brother – he stood in the doorway, ready to close the door and leave if Sherlock’s heat pheromones became too strong. John was right, he looked downright gleeful all the time now – all because Lestrade had deigned to sleep with him on a more or less regular basis. Sherlock had expected the policeman to have more sense.
"I... I've never wanted that before. I don't want it." Sherlock noticed dots of blood seeping through his sleeve. He'd scratched open the track marks again. God, they itched still.
I turned to go, desperately needing to get away, but Mycroft tutted. “Forgetting something?” He held out the annuity documents.
But it's not enough, the letter, to break through the hardened anger. I understand his motivations, I understand his regrets. I UNDERSTAND. But I still can't forgive. Last night I dreamt we were together and it was wonderful... when I woke, I fel
Rosie squawked and both men looked over. She’d moved on to another gaily wrapped gift, Sherlock urging her to rip the shiny paper.
"I have dinner." It was Sherlock. John looked at the clock – he must have dozed off. Sherlock pulled the table up and set a Pret a Manger bag down. "Where's Shane?" He asked.
It was a strange thing and I had to admit I did not like it. But it would serve its purpose, I thought, quite well. In the meantime, I shoved it into a corner and covered it with one of Mrs. Hudson's clean linens - I didn't want to frighten her with it. I stowed the crate and packings neatly in the mud room.
Sherlock was starting to feel woozy. He wondered idly how much GBH Angus Church had jabbed into his foot. "To be fair, I've been a bit distracted." He mumbled.
“Oh, right.” John said. Swearing under his breath he left Sherlock on the bed and fetched cglived, syringes, saline and alcohol pads from an equipment drawer. Sherlock watched, fascinated, as John, using his hand his left elbow, and his teeth, methodically donned a glove and went through the process of removing the thing from his urethra. It left him sore and feeling somewhat neutered.
“Is it? I don’t even know.” John made a furious gesture. "I saw him jump, I saw his body on the pavement – I touched him, there was no pulse! I'm a DOCTOR for chrissakes, he was dead!" He hung his head again. "I'm a bloody fool."
"If that's true, it's too easy to pity myself enough to get high. It stops the pain... if it's not my fault why should I have to bear it?"
"Just one, sir. He had missed an appointment – hadn't called to cancel and Mr. Polidor was very put out – when he returned the Colonel told me that a close friend had been killed."
“No… I’m just feeling… it’s all too much – everyone here, staring at me. I don’t know what you want. I don’t know what to do.”
“I wrote it before I knew ….” Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to acknowledge John’s boyfriend aloud.
Or maybe there was – maybe Shane knew what to say. Maybe he could break through the stony wall John was erecting between himself and the world.
“This first.” His words gusted by my ear making my hair stand on end with desire. “John, I need you... I need to feel you...”
I gave him three fingers and he took it. He felt tight, but he seemed to adjust quickly. I jacked his prick and ran a fingertip over the walnut shaped prostate inside him. He jumped a little and I could see him fisting my blankets.
What was Sherlock's next move? Follow the hunter – he had to find out more about him. But Sherlock ached to talk to John, he was SO CLOSE. He tried to put out of his mind what he and that boyfriend might be doing together. Sherlock had started this day so bright and optimistic – now his stomach was a knot of dread and he was having trouble keeping his sentiments in check.
By the time his dad left home for good, Harry was a ghost, silent and alone. She stood behind Mum or haunted the doorways and the edges of rooms. She kept her eyes lowered and her mouth shut. Even Mum couldn't draw her out much.
“The footage from all the body cameras has been classified.“ Mycroft continued. “So I’m afraid there won’t be an OBE for you. But rest assured there would have been if this had been an official operation.”
Lestrade packed a rucksack with water, energy bars, torches, and his extendable police baton. Sherlock rummaged in his closet and came out with the bartitsu stick and the cricket bat — Lestrade had gone right for the cricket bat. He kept his firearm for emergencies. They dressed carefully with biters in mind — Lestrade finding the pair of brown leather gloves in the pocket of the donkey coat he borrowed — then, after consulting a map and marking several ways to John’s clinic, they wiggled out the window in the loo onto the roof.
“I’m bonded – you don’t have to be afraid of me.” He told her, told them all. “I’m here to get you out. What’s your name?” He asked as soon as he had her gag off.
“I’ve missed you.” I kissed him, capturing his lips with my own. He tasted of mint and sausages and I couldn’t help but smile into the kiss.
I had no answer for that – no polite answer, anyway, which I guess she'd been banking on. She spent the rest of the evening with us, standing close to me, her hand on my arm often, pressing herself against me a few times. I remembered when I first met her this behavior had been charming, encouraging. When I'd been seeing her a while, I thought she was getting a bit needy. But that could have been a reaction to Sherlock being a twat to her (as he was to all my girlfriends – something I suddenly understood). I had been getting a leg over, so I ignored it.
Choking, Sherlock slipped his right hand into his pocket. The gun was there, hard and reassuring, a little bit of John under his fingers. He thumbed off the safety.
John fried streaky bacon on the little stovetop that lived behind the sliding cupboard door. I meditated on the wisdom of storing heating elements behind bamboo and paper panels as John toasted bread and sliced tomatoes.
“Obviously.” Sherlock said, prowling around. “High traffic area, there won’t be discernible tire tracks or footprints. Probably wore gloves, but worth dusting for prints.”
Sherlock remembered the hunter, remembered himself – as John stared in disbelief, unsteady on his feet, Sherlock stood and put an arm around his shoulders.
Now I slowly stood up from my place at Nazer’s feet, ham and potatoes churning in my stomach. I fixed my gaze on Vino’s chest, showing he had my complete attention without the challenge of looking him in the eye. My coked up mind began cataloging the warp and weft of his shirt.
“Which is why I assume there must be more to you than meets the eye. Jim wouldn’t have bothered with you otherwise.” Sherlock shifted in the chair, subtly spreading his legs, displaying his crotch to the other man.
John leapt up, adrenaline pumping, and began to unstrap the Omega. She was a zaftig blonde and had multiple injection bruises on her thighs already.
“Oui. Yes.” She focused on Shane. “You did well.” Dusette said to him. “We’re leaving now, you must stand up.” Sherlock tugged on his arm and he stood, noticing that Dusette was cradling one of her wrists.
John isn’t gay. He’s had a string of girlfriends in the time I’ve known him and shown no sexual interest in men – I would know, I watched for it relentlessly, even following him to see if perhaps he indulged in a bit of cottaging. Many ‘straight’ men do. Unlimited, free, no-strings sex on demand is a powerful motivator even to those who prefer women.
“No. Not right away.” Moriarty sang. “I’m going to wait, let you spend time with the dull-as-dirt mate you’ve taken, maybe let you have a couple brats. And then, when you’re comfortable, when you’re ruined by sentiment, when you're booooring, then I’ll destroy you.” Moriarty’s voice lost its casual sing-song tone and turned hard. “I’ll take everything you love. I’ll take Johnny, I’ll take the brats. I’ll burn you, Sherlock. I’ll burn the heart out of you.
“I’m not a witch.” I told him wearily. “I’m not a fortune teller. It’s OBVIOUS that you loved your dog. You took good care if him.”
John reached for his cup and managed to upset the table, splashing hot tea from his cup on the bed and tipping Mrs. Hudson’s teapot. John lunged for it, intending to catch it, with both hands…
I thrust into his hand and almost overbalanced us both. “Whoa!” I clung to the rail. “Bed! Before we fall down the stairs.” Sherlock bit my lip once more then released me, but kept his hand wrapped around me, on the front of my trousers as we ran up the last few stairs and burst, panting, into the lounge.
Mycroft was worried. “You’ve received more photos.” Sherlock observed. “But no sign of Moriarty himself.”
I turned another corner and met a wall of shrubbery. A dead end. Perseverating on Sherlock and Victor wasn't getting me out of this blasted hedge maze. I'd been in here a half hour already. I checked my phone again, but there was no signal in the maze.
“All Alphas... their scents...” Alfred began haltingly. “They’re not good. I mean, I’ve never met an Alpha who didn’t... I mean... not John... John smells...” Alfred blushed red. “John won’t hurt an Omega... it’s in his scent... but that’s because he’s your bondmate, yeah... what was his scent... before?”
Angus was laughing. "Sherlock is more focused on you than anyone. He's obsessed – no, he's devoted to you. If he seems self-centered, it's because he's always trying to hide his feelings. Seems like he’s been doing that for a long time."
Greg Lestrade nodded sympathetically. "Ok." He said. Then, with an effort to change the subject: "Leave it to Sherlock to find a killer in hospital."
“Nice of 'em." I considered for a moment. "Is she ‘Lady Llewellyn too? The wife? I’ve never been clear on how peerages work.”
I swore. I had to see to her. I smashed the big man’s head into the wall again, stunning him. I switched my hold to a half nelson, choking off his air until he went limp. I lowered him to the ground, noting that I’d broken his nose. I rolled him onto his side into the recovery position, then checked his friend. The purse-snatcher was sitting awkwardly with his back against the wall where he’d dropped, still out cold. His pulse was strong, so I left him there.
“Does it hurt?” John asked, kissing the bond bite gently and inhaling deeply. Their scents were strongest there – and now Sherlock’s honey scent would have an overlay of John’s hot-summer’s-day/freshly-cut-grass/growing-things scent, to tell all other Alphas that this Omega was claimed, off-limits.
This is the end of Survivor. This story continues in 'The Choice' – John and Sherlock have another case ... and John makes a difficult decision.
I'd never experienced a corpse this degraded. He sat to one side of the sofa, leaning against the arm, his head back. He was black and bloated, his features unrecognizable, and fluids had seeped out of the body into the couch and floor. He wore black trousers and a gray shirt, black shoes and socks. The bullet had entered through his chest and the insect activity was especially dense there and on his face, the flies completely covering his eyes and nostrils giving him a queasy, goggle-eyed look.
Sherlock set the vials down and faced the policeman. “Until a few weeks ago, the answer would have been a resounding, ‘yes!’ … but give up John… I… I couldn’t.”
“Gotta slash.” John told the bouncer. The bouncer was a large Beta, blissfully unaffected by all the hormones in the room. He indicated a stairwell.
John concentrated hard. Sherlock... he felt him. Sherlock was in pain – that filled John with a depressed rage. He wanted to leap up and race to his mate's side, protect him. But he couldn't move – the gargoyles held him down with their evil talons.
"But I can't - how could I?" John paced distractedly, his anger surging again. "After what he's done? I can't trust him. I can't rely on him. I can't be with him."
“I know you blame me. Mycroft blames me too. And you’re right, it was my fault. I can’t undo it, much as I’d like to."
Shane would say "I'm sorry," or "Tell me what you need," or even "I love you," and it would be wrong right now. It would push John off the knife's edge of comfort into fury and despair.
The police drove up as we emerged from the hedges. I surrendered the hunting rifle immediately and Lady Anwen tearfully backed up my account of the goings-on.
“Sherlock...” John spoke so quietly Sherlock wasn’t certain he didn’t dream it. “This is just tonight – it doesn’t mean anything.”
The Omega knelt carefully next to the body. She had the injection sticks on the insides of her thighs and chafing where the heat harness would have pulled against her skin. Her teeth were white and perfect, her eyes a striking green.
“It’s turning you on so much, just thinking about it!” The Omega squeezed the Alpha’s cock and began unfastening his flies. “Tell me!”
I plucked it from his fingers, stubbing it out on the bottom of my shoe. I waved my hand at the cloud of cigarette smoke surrounding us, looking for the source.
“I’m. Not. Leaving. You.” Shane said firmly. “If you want me gone, you’ll have to break up with me. And don’t bother because I won’t believe you.” Shane kissed him again and John wrapped his arm around his lover and pulled him close – feeling again the heat and vitality that had attracted him to the man.
Wallog was silent and dim in the pre-dawn light. I found my coat in the hall closet, but finding the kitchen proved more difficult. It took several minutes to locate the door to the downstairs hidden in the wall by the staircase.
I frowned. I was undecided about Mary. It seemed likely that the mugging had been a setup, a way of making contact. A way for Moran – who we knew from the dry cleaner knew Moriarty – to insert himself into my life.
Sherlock put the rest of the conversation together. If John had been left tied up, eventually his organs would have failed and he would have died. That hadn’t happened. His organs were functioning normally. His extremities hadn’t been so fortunate. He’d laid on his left side so his left hand and foot were more affected than his right.
We found seats on the train and collapsed into them. John put his arms around me and drew me close and we slept like that all the way to London.
Lestrade turned to the other man, meeting his eyes with a smoldering gaze. “Slightly better chance that I won’t spend Christmas morning alone this year.”
He lay down intending to nap, but found himself mapping the route to the heroin dealer he'd subconsciously noticed three days ago...
“Fuck!” John breathed as Sherlock worked himself down his pole, his Omega cock bouncing stiffly. “Fuuuuck!”
I noticed for the first time that I was wearing pyjamas. “You don’t think it was invasive not to ask me first!?”
"So... where have you been? Traveling?" Lestrade was interested to hear about Sherlock's adventures over the past two years – and Sherlock found himself warming to the subject. It was too sensitive to speak of with John, but Lestrade didn't take Sherlock's absence personally.
John was relieved that Angus had changed the subject, lost the predatory grin. Had John imagined it? Or maybe it was just sex, it brought out the animal in some people... "Not very many people know Sherlock is back – he's still dead as far as the public is concerned. Some of the people he's closest to don't even know yet." John rubbed his face tiredly. "So don't, erm, call the press or anything. Sherlock needs to tell them before it's public. If he decides to stay."
John unbuttoned the top button of Sherlock's trousers, one-handed. "Open that." He commanded. "I want to touch you."
"No. I'm... I'm bisexual, I guess. I was seeing women exclusively when I lived with Sherlock... after a while... I thought there could be more between us. But there wasn't. Then he left – died, I thought – and I met Shane."
"More questions. 54 year old man with pneumonia and pleurisy treated with antibiotics and ibuprofen, responding well, due to be moved from critical care today. He died overnight. No one notices until his partner comes in at 11 a.m. and becomes hysterical. He was already in full rigor when I went in."
Alfred cuddled Molly and she melted into him, her face pressed in the notch between his neck and shoulder.
He looked at me strangely like he hadn’t expected me to agree. I loved John’s jumpers. Granted, I loved them on John, but he was right, I felt awful. The thought of John’s jumper enveloping me, smelling of wool and John’s soap and JOHN, was extremely appealing. He dug in his duffel and handed me a blue one.
The elder Holmes brother crossed the kitchen to stand near Lestrade. They both watched Rosie ripping paper off her present, John helping and Sherlock beaming at them both.
John let the kiss end. Shane sat back and John took his hand. “I know this isn’t what you signed up for.” He said. “I don’t want you to feel like you HAVE to be here. You don’t.”
I retreated back to the kitchen, listening to John stumping down the stairs. He sat down as I got us water. "Do you want a beer?" I asked him. "Wine?"
"Ohhh... you better stop that now if you want anything else." He sat up and pulled Shane's face to his, tasting the musky saltiness of himself as they kissed.
I really was tired. After putting Sherlock in Mycroft’s car, I’d grabbed my duffel – one of Mycroft’s people had brought it to Germany packed with my clothes and toiletries – and got on a private plane to Bern, Switzerland. From there I was driven to Zurich (better not to be seen arriving at the Zurich airport) to the Calda Clinic. Calda was a drugs and alcohol rehab clinic disguised as the fanciest resort hotel I’d ever seen – much, much fancier than the best hotel I’d ever stayed in. I didn’t want to know how much this was costing.
“Desperately, John.” I touched my forehead to his, our hands clasped between us. “I’m impatient to get home... but I need... I need...”
“Yes, well…” Mycroft didn’t understand John’s attitude about money any better than I did. “I can send someone for the violin if it’s easier.”
Sherlock looked down at the bright red and yellow pants with the accentuated pouch. "Clearly." He said.
“Come here.” He said. I obeyed, hesitantly – he surprised me by pulling me into his arms. This magnified our height difference to an unfortunate degree, so I bent my knees to level us out somewhat. He smiled and caressed my cheek as I stared at him in wonder, overcome by the sensation of my chest pressed against his, his strong arm stroking my back… “I’d kiss you, but I’m sure you’re still infectious.” He said and rubbed his cheek against mine, his rougher, more stubbled, and absolutely divine.
I helped him stand and got his arm over my shoulder. I clung to his hand and wrapped my other arm around his waist. Ianto started back down the path slowly, my walking stick in his forward hand and holding Sherlock’s other arm in his firm grip. Victor walked behind us, keeping us from falling back more than once. Sherlock was heavy against me, but he walked, putting his feet where Ianto told him.
John crouched down by the girl’s shoulder and carefully pulled the plastic sheeting back from her skin. He leaned over her an inhaled. “Mgh. I smell garbage. This place is too rank.”
“I will.” I smiled. “Just for you.” I kissed him again, and then he climbed into the black car and I shut the door behind him.
I took off the green army coat and rolled it into a ball and carried it up to the men’s department. There I bought a plain black rucksack and a navy overcoat.
Gonorrhea was the only STD they’d yet detected (unless the body lice counted). Sherlock’s HIV tests were negative and they’d given him PReP, but it was too soon to know for certain if he’d been infected or not.
“In the course of the investigation, I came across a small-time drugs operation in Florida run by one Earnest Hudson. Hudson is on trial for murder right now and his operation is defunct. But I was able to see that someone had used Moriarty’s theorem to siphon off a not insignificant sum of money over the three decades Hudson had been in charge of the enterprise. It was the earliest use of the theorem I could find, and it was a rather rudimentary form of it.”
We talked as much as we fucked. He told me about his work, about his dreams and plans. He wasn't going to be in my town for longer than two years... but he said we could visit each other whilst I was 'still' at University.
Shane frowned. But he carefully – keeping a wary eye on Angus – stepped around the wheelchair and pulled it from the lift.
“No. No… it’s just, that’s more than my army pension. More than I made a month until I was thirty.” John muttered.
Dr. Mahon looked contemplative. “We don’t get too many unbonded Omegas. I can’t say I’ve ever had an unbonded Omega over twenty-five. But that could be more that the unbondeds that I’ve seen were trafficked. That’s a terrible life no matter what your genders.”
Lestrade carefully detached the gold watch and its jeweled fob and handed it to Mycroft who set it unceremoniously on the dining table. Greg grinned and pulled Mycroft closer, letting his hands wander to his arse and cup his buttocks. Mycroft’s little, “Uhn!” made Lestrade harden in his trousers. He gripped Mycroft’s arse more firmly and pressed himself against his thigh, feeling the other man’s arousal on his hip. He rocked his pelvis, panting as Mycroft kissed his neck, then bit the tender area below his jaw. He heard himself moan.
Victor's lips touched mine tentatively. I allowed it and he pressed closer, his soft kiss growing harder, his hands pulling me against his body, his tongue...
"I had a headache earlier, but not now. My skin... my skin hurts. And I'm exhausted by the smallest exertion."
Sherlock wanted to cry with frustration! But the ocean took his tears and they flowed away on currents as salty as the tears themselves ...
Vatican cameos! Mycroft had spoken Sherlock’s code – our code! Was Sherlock in danger!? Is that what Mycroft was telling me? Did Mycroft need me to help him?
"Shane called me." Sherlock said. "You missed your lunch date yesterday and he hasn't been able to reach you. He says he came over here yesterday, but no one answered the door. He's been beside himself."
Sherlock gripped the edge of the sink with one hand, John with the other, as John fucked him. The discomfort he had struggled with earlier lasted barely half a minute, the pleasure was intense – John's cock was perfect! Deep inside him, touching him where no one had ever touched him before. Places he hadn't known longed to be touched. NEEDED to be touched.
“Fantastic!” John said. Sherlock absolutely glowed, feeling John’s praise and astonished approval through the empathetic bond.
Sherlock laughed feeling John’s amusement through the link. That was the best thing, how his Omega had relaxed and opened over the last few days, allowing John’s laid back good humour to influence his less happy moods. Sherlock was less anxious and more confident with every hour that passed.
On the grainy image John looked up. I moved closer, examining the scene and watched John climb into a dark, governmental car. Mycroft’s car! John was coming here now!
He bit my neck and I moaned involuntarily. "I bet you wouldn't mind fucking me either." John whispered. "I bet that big cock ring would hit my prostate just right."
"Everything." Sherlock said. "I want everything. I want to be near you, John. I want to sleep with you. I want to wake up next to you every morning. I want to make love with you every day. And everywhere – on the sofa, the floor in front of the fireplace, on the kitchen table, in the shower, oh god, in the shower!, over the sink, in this bed, on the stairs, in dark alleys, I want to fuck in fields of wheat and rapeseed. Everywhere, every day...I want to be by your side – and I want you by my side! I want to walk with you and feel your fingers brush against mine, I want to hold your hand. I want to touch your neck and your hair." Sherlock moved his hand down to John's neck and around to the nape, he combed his thumb through the short hair back there. "I want to be able to kiss you whenever I want and every time I want. I want to marry you and wear your ring – and see my ring your hand. I want grow old with you. I want you there when I die because if you die first you will take such a big part of me with you... I want EVERYTHING, John. I want you."
He meant the tearing. I didn't like to remember how it had happened, had attempted over and over to delete the memories. But when I slept, I returned to the prison…
"I want John. And I don't have him. You don't have who you want, Church... maybe you don't deserve him."
^^^Staelich. She and Fielding are the guards Mycroft has posted at your door. I’m not flirting with EITHER of them. We’re playing cards to pass the time out here. In the hall. Which you would know if you talked to me.^^^
But Sherlock wasn’t waiting. He was jacking John’s Alpha cock and kissing his neck and jaw. John’s hands were stroking his Omega's back and his arse and pulling him down into a kiss. John loved kissing Sherlock – he always seemed a little bit surprised by how much it affected him. John could kiss his Omega all night long just to see that what-have-you-done-to-me-I’m-weak-in-the-knees look on his face.
I found Sherlock waiting for me, a cab at the curb. I climbed in, pretending not to notice his concern.
Abruptly he stood up. He knew where he was – if that stupid wall hadn’t been in the middle of the stupid alley he would have been in his bolt-hole by now – and all those people wouldn’t be trying to kill each other. He could still get there, hide himself away… but the riot would tell Mycroft and (shudder) Jim exactly where to look for him. Sherlock would never be safe.
I told Lady Anwen that I was certain that Sherlock would want to talk to Owen Hughes. She agreed and said she'd call him.
How can I expect him to set aside his natural preferences and a lifetime of exercising them… for me? A skinny, overbearing, rude know-it-all with exotic (to him) piercings and the wrong sort of anatomy who'd gotten him kidnapped (TWICE!), shot at and drugged. Who would choose THAT over petite and pretty Melanie with her soft breasts and tight cunt?
“You seem… astonished.” Lestrade said, hiding his smile. He hauled open the window closest to the dining table and sitting on the sill, knocked a fag from his pack and lit up. He blew the smoke out the window. “Everyone has the same reaction.” He said. “Not that I entertain much.”
"I've missed the big guy." Shane said and took the head in his mouth, sliding his hand down the shaft to the bollocks. John knew he still looked like hell – dark purple from groin to knee. But Shane didn't hesitate, he quickly had John moaning and gripping the couch cushion.
“Captain Watson is familiar with the package, will recognise him on sight.” The Colonel told the impossibly young soldiers with only the smallest amount of tension in his voice. “He’s also a doctor, so he’ll be in the medical ‘copter with you, Lieutenant Baehr.”
!” Jim screamed. “Don’t tell me you actually care, Sherlock, it’s so boring! Of course, Johnny boy here cares. He even smells like a Boy Scout, handy and oh-so-loyal. Ever ready to rescue a damsel in distress. That’s about all he’s good for. That and shoving his cock where it doesn’t belong.” Moriarty pressed his nose against the Omega’s neck. “Johnny’s ruined your scent, darling. You should have bonded with me. You would never have been bored again.”
Shane was grateful that she’d thought to call whoever it was she and John had talked to. "The tunnel is back this way." He said, gesturing at the building behind her. "There's a lift..."
They had been in this room for three days subsisting on water, energy bars and sex. John was all but exhausted from naught but cat naps. And he’d never had so much sex in his life. It was non-stop – they might get an hour after John’s knot receded before Sherlock was begging for more, his body actually in pain for want of John’s Alpha cock, and John was hard and lusting for his Omega with a desperation he’d never experienced.
I stared him down. "You're an idiot." I told him. "A heterosexist idiot, at that. As for my relapse, it's COMPLETELY different this time."
“Take her, sure! Bond with her? No way. I’m protecting her from the kind of Alpha that would ‘take’ her.” Lestrade’s agitated voice had carried and the techs back at the skip were staring.
"Did Sherlock have anything to do with what happened to you?" This was the first time Lestrade had referred to John's injury.
Excitement bloomed within me anew – Sherlock was here! I was going to see him! “The less I know the better.” I said trying to control my excitement as I donned the eye covering.
“I’m awake.” I said, sitting up. My heart flooded with joy – I was lying next to my Sherlock! He was home! I ran my fingers through his hair and kissed his jaw.
I escorted another CSI to the scrap of receipt and watched her process it and flag the spot it had been found. Then I busied myself telling the techs where they needed to dust for prints – the sniper would have wiped the doors and the area where he set up, but might have forgotten some other surfaces. Then I examined the body in the bathtub. From the angle, it appeared that her neck had been broken. The autopsy would say for certain.
the chemistry, Lestrade. Your lecture is as unnecessary as it is ridiculous.” Sherlock snapped. “Now go away.”
“If both of us being here is too much, it’s OK to send me away.” Shane said, unperturbed. “Or send him away. Or tell us both to leave. Or we can all be here together. Whatever you need.”
John knows it. It’s writ all over his handsome face – the worry and the fear. The pity. I cannot abide pity. I could ignore it from anyone but John. I would ignore it, delete it, throw fits at it – anything to erase it. Contempt is preferable to pity.
I nodded and returned to my task – still slightly puzzled. I reminded myself that John had only been with women, perhaps they were more fastidious... that made some sense, not having experienced the equipment first-hand. I had no idea how I'd react to pussy... it reinforced my gut instinct that men belonged with men...
I turned to the woman. She was staring at me with huge, fearful, brown eyes. “I’m a doctor.” I told her. “I’d like to examine your face. He hit you pretty hard.”
He sat down next to me on the log and asked what I was reading. I explained that it was a textbook. I was studying for an exam.
She waited for him to say something. When he didn’t, she returned to her work. “I’ll do what I can for the Omegas. They’re good kids.”
I followed Sherlock into the bedroom. The futons and bedding had been stowed in the closet so the room was absolutely bare. All sign of the love we’d made in that room erased.
“My favourite was finding the note. I had to find the Peggy Guggenheim first. I love art – and that was a wonderful day, bright and not too hot. It was a long walk to the museum from our hotel – it’s much easier to get there by boat – and I set out early, before Marcas was up. There were a number of people out walking their dogs, such adorable dogs! I pet a little Boston Terrier who’s person spoke no English. I wanted to ask if it was difficult to keep a dog in a city like that...” She sighed, lost in thought. “I knew the museum was on the Grand Canal, so I headed in that direction. I didn’t see a sign for over half an hour. Then I wandered from sign to sign – they were pretty spotty – until finally I found the museum.
John looked back over at the figure on the bed, curled in the fetal position – a position that John himself had helped the nurses achieve, carefully moving Sherlock's limbs as they had rolled him onto his side. The memory flooded John with tender feelings.
As you know by now, I did not die two years ago when I jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s. Moriarty had forced my hand and to keep Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and you alive and unharmed, he and his people had to believe that I had died. I used you – your reaction, your grief – to convince them that my suicide was real. At the time, there didn’t seem to be another way to ensure your safety – if there was, I still can’t see it. I knew it was wrong of me to use you like that, but I considered the stakes and I went ahead. In the same situation, I would do it again.
But he was up by the time I’d washed and begun shaving – my unconscious whistling had roused him. I wasn’t unhappy to see him, his hands on my hips, his chest against my back, his mouth on my neck...
John grit his teeth. They’d been at the strip club for over two hours, spending money on drinks, tucking pound notes in the g-strings of the dancers and even buying a lap dance for Bill’s cousin. He was surrounded by sweaty, drunk, loud Alphas.
"No... you wouldn't, would you!" Sherlock said. He took up one of the CSI spotlights and aimed it at the window. He shone it slowly across the glass wall, searching. It wasn't until he got to the upper portion, high above our heads, that he stopped. "There." He said.
"Yeah, it would. But as you've pointed out, this isn't about me, it's about John. If you really love him, leave him alone."
I was in control now. But now, right now, that wasn’t about tying him up or spanking him, humiliating him, any of that – it was about making him feel completely loved and cared for.
Something else happens today, something I’m equally as fearful of: Moriarty’s trial. I’m to be called as a witness, John will sit in the gallery and monitor the entire affair. It’s the beginning of a new chapter... and an end to this one.
But not stupid. I see how she grits her teeth, clenches her jaw. I see the slight tremor of her trigger finger. I hear Moriarty’s words in her mouth.
She was on top of him immediately, pummeling his face. John twisted his torso and tried to dislodge her from his chest, bracing his feet. He managed to get an arm under her leg, but it left him open to her fists. She scored an uppercut that rang his bell.
Four minutes twenty-one seconds. And there was no sign yet that Shane might emerge. As long as John needed him, Sherlock would be here…but when John was well again, when his amputation had healed and his depression receded… how long would Sherlock be able to live like this? How many days? How many weeks could he watch the only person he had ever loved love someone else? The whole thing made him feel ill.
She put her stethoscope in her ears and waved the sensor over John's hand. He stopped the compressions and pulled back, giving her room to search for a heartbeat. She tried three different spots on Sherlock's chest before giving up.
Shane scoffed. "Sounds like you'd rather pass a kidney stone than admit that." Shane observed. "Thank you."
The nurse nodded at Shane then turned to Sherlock and squinted. "I met that one earlier, I think, but he looked like a hobo."
I made a sound of protest, but she ignored me. I touched her and felt how she trembled. “Mary, come on.” I murmured, folding her into my arms. She was so small and soft and warm. It felt good. I had been lonely for so very long.
"Yes. John!" Sherlock tossed my coat at me and slipped into his own. I wiped my mouth on my napkin and took hold of my cane. It hurt to stand up, but I ignored the pain and hunted up a scarf before I followed Sherlock and Lestrade down the stairs.
Sherlock laughed, his rich baritone ringing. “Maybe when you wake up.” He said. “You can’t keep your eyes open now.”
I climbed onto him, lining our cock up. “John... I want you to fuck me." I told him. “I need to feel you.” I needed the closeness, needed to be joined to him completely.
Sherlock had forgotten he was still wearing his ‘dapper, older gentleman’ disguise. He touched his cheek, felt the latex. “We can’t have that. May I use your toilet?” Sherlock asked formally.
I had only a few seconds to catch my breath whilst a burly private cut an opening in the chain link fence – the outer barrier of the prison. He held the fence open and we slipped through single file, black-clad, begoggled shadows in the darkness.
Equally as obvious, to Mycroft’s mind, there was only one suspect: the man he had insisted his brother take as protector and mate.
Grindr was convenient, but I would have preferred something even more anonymous. I thought fondly of younger days – pre-Grindr days – having little adventures in parks and cottages... I’d never been completely reckless, insisting on condoms for penetrative sex, and I’d been lucky (or astute) in my choice of partners – I’d never been beaten up nor contracted anything more noxious than crabs. But ever since my teenaged self had made eye contact with Victor Trevor in the woods behind old Grantham Farm, I’d taken advantage of the abundant, anonymous sex available to men who had sex with other men.
“Me first.” Said Sherlock, holding out his arms as the big nurse advanced. “Or do you prefer the foot?” He kicked out violently, gripping the arms of the chair to propel himself forwards and connecting with the side of Church’s knee.
We’d fucked in the living room before – we’d fucked in every room on just about every surface in the past few months – but I could tell he wanted something more romantic right then. I took him to our bedroom and laid him out on our bed and looked into his eyes as I made love to him.
John kissed my neck, the shell of my ear, his hand still in my hair. "I've been so worried about you... so afraid you wouldn't come back..." He was hiding his eyes from me.
“Hm.” Sherlock sounded distracted until he saw my expression. “I’m sorry, John. Rehab... you ... you have to want it or it’s no good.”
"It's not your fault, William. Stop beating yourself up. This is something terrible that happened to you, not something you deserved."
John looked like he’d rather lose an arm than let Sherlock go off on his own in such a dangerous place. “Here.” He said finally, pulling his gun from the waistband at his back. He checked the clip, made sure the safety was on, then handed it grip first to his mate. “Take it. We’ve been to the range, I know you can handle it.”
"John, we had a whole conversation about it." Angus protested. "You said you wanted to accept Sherlock's proposal but you were afraid to give up Shane – you thought Shane was more trustworthy than Sherlock. You said you were quite torn about it, but you couldn't keep them both."
“It ended in a debacle – you saw the scar.” John’s fingers brushed across the raised scar on my thigh. “She fired me. Made it clear I needed to leave the city if I wanted to continue breathing.
Sherlock took hold of it, stroked it through the cloth. John’s eyes burned with fury, but he didn’t pull away. Sherlock sank to his knees and pressed his face against it – it was huge. He peeled the pajamas down and it bounced. He caught the head in his mouth and tongued it, exploring the salty slit, the under the ridge of the head, over the stretched foreskin. John was holding fistfuls of Sherlock’s hair, holding his head. He pushed in and Sherlock tried to remember everything he’d read and seen – hide the teeth, open the throat, relax… it was harder than the cocksuckers on Tumblr made it look. Sherlock gagged and John pulled back, but Sherlock dug his fingers into John’s arse and tried to take it again. And again. He looked up as he sucked and made eye contact with John – he tried to communicate with his eyes, ‘Don’t stop –never stop.’
“Someone hit you!” Sherlock cried, taking John’s face in his hands and peering anxiously at the shiner. “I’ll kill him!”
“Yeah, he said he was young when he lost his father…erm, I have a question, something Sherlock mentioned. He said he could tell if an Alpha was dangerous by scent. Can you do that?”
When had Mycroft and I stopped combining forces? After the fiasco with Victor Trevor. I had not forgiven my brother for 'rescuing' me, instead I began to avoid him. Mycroft had graduated University and gone off to work in London and I had gone away to Eton at about the same time ... surly adolescence had hit me hard and only contributed to my desire to cut him out. Drug addiction was just the cherry on the sundae of our estrangement.
John had disappeared. I wandered out into the corridor and saw that he'd removed the crime scene gear and was chatting with a pensioner in the doorway of the next flat. I left him to it – he would get more from the woman than I could.
The hunter – Sherlock needed to focus. He pulled himself back into his chair. "It's ok." He croaked to his rescuers. "Let him go." He kicked the other chair at his table out a foot in invitation.
Sherlock had ended up back in his hospital bed. John and Shane had gone with the police to make their statements, but Sherlock's doctors were still concerned about how the GBH might have exacerbated his concussion. And he'd managed to fracture his tibia when he fell. At first he'd thought his inability to walk was simply more lightheadedness, but the aching pain in his shin soon told him otherwise.
Sherlock nodded. He'd known this was a possibility all along. He'd been fortunate to have had a few hours with John first.
The thought had liquid seeping from the tip of my prick, smearing on his belly. "You must be terribly out of practice." I teased.
She laughed. “My life isn’t interesting, John. Meeting you the way I did, that’s the most interesting thing that’s happened to me in a long time.”
“He was my most dedicated rapist and the procurer of my drugs...” I told him, panic rising in my chest. “I may have succumbed to Stockholm Syndrome A BIT, but not nearly enough not to hope he suffered.”
"Just say it!" Sherlock said miserably. "It's over, it's difficult, you're sorry, whatever... get on with it so I can get off this bloody couch."
The room was dim, Sherlock still a reassuring warmth next to me. I got up and cleaned my teeth and washed my face and started feeling more human.
Sherlock set down the empty juice glass and handed John a biscuit. “Here, you can hold this on your own.” He stood and moved closer to Moran, conscious that he’d been left alone with John far longer than Moran would be comfortable with. He sighed. “This is tedious.”
I felt tears welling. I had cried yesterday when John had held me... I wanted so much for it to be more than it was, more than a doctor helping his friend heal...
“Ok.” John said. “Just lay back and relax.” He pressed the head of his cock into his Omega’s mouth and fucked shallowly. Sherlock tugged impatiently on John’s thighs. John pushed himself in farther, and with Sherlock’s unspoken encouragement, even farther until he could feel himself breach the Omega’s throat.
“It’s NOT fine.” John insisted. I’d upset him. How could I fix this? “I want to feel that close to you too.”
By the time he returned with our curries, I’d put my shirt back on and fetched plates and silverware from the kitchen.
“Shut up! I’m sick of your stupid laughing.” It was the man who’d murdered his wife, the one insecure in his place in Vinokourov’s gang.
John tugged at Molly, moving to follow her down – he couldn’t help with the Omegas in heat, even bonded, he needed to be out of here when they opened those doors...a nd he needed to get to Sherlock!
When Moran had taken him, none of the drama with Sherlock seemed important. Moran had tied him up with yards and yards of rope all over his body, he'd tortured him and then left him to die. Feeling his body shutting down, John had forgiven Sherlock – forgiven him absolutely.
My rush of joy was quickly tempered by a second set of feet following him into the front hall. Then I heard her laughter joining John's.
I shook my head. “Forget the police. I have some contacts in some of the morgues in the city, I can talk to them. Do you have a picture of Seb? I could show it around.”
“Moriarty committed suicide?” The irony of it enraged me. The utter uselessness of Sherlock’s death emptied me of ...everything... I poured myself more whisky and swallowed it down. “It’s over.” I said.
Sherlock pulled back, my laughter making him uncertain. He didn’t know if I was laughing at him. I wrapped my arms around him and felt him relax.
But now, listening to him talking about me with Mrs. Hudson, I was painfully conscious of what I had put him through.
I was in bed, but not asleep. Between seeing Victor again and the closed door between me and John – both literal and figural – I couldn't get a handle on this case. It was early days yet... but I couldn't help thinking I'd missed something obvious.
Unpacking Sherlock’s boxes was a herculean task. Not least because Sherlock himself unpacked his violin, put rosin on his bow, tucked it under his chin and began to play... leaving the rest of the unpacking to John.
John heard the unspoken words: the difference between keeping and losing your hand. "Why?" John asked quietly, his voice tight. "Why didn't he?"
“We won’t walk a block before a shiny black saloon will pull up beside us and my brother’s assistants will kidnap us. We will be taken to Mycroft’s townhouse, where we’ll be fed and allowed to bathe. Then Mycroft and Mummy will descend and life as you know it ends.” Sherlock was broadcasting tension.
The bedroom had the lived-in look the rest of the flat lacked. Here there were books and a telly, stereo speakers and a comfortable looking setee. The narrow bed had a colourful duvet. It was shoved to one side, making room for a desk with a laptop. There was an industrial filtration system humming in the corner.
"Police are on their way... I have to call a lawyer for Gereth..." She fretted, ill over her brother's actions.
“I don’t know – an infirmary. I didn’t spend a lot of time looking around, just grabbed Harry and got out of there. From the little she said, they went to the tent in-between heats. She said there were lots of jabs and twice they’d put her under anaesthesia – for some sort of procedure, probably, but she didn’t know what and there weren’t any incisions or anything afterwards.”
Mike was a good friend, but Mike was a doctor – he wasn't a surgeon like John, but he'd done his surgery rotation. He would understand HOW MUCH John had lost with his hand. More than anything, John didn't want to see the pity in Mike's kind eyes.
Sherlock nodded, and John eased off the man, making a face at the smell. If he had a personal scent, it was hidden under layers and layers of unwashed rags.
Shane laughed at Sherlock's fussing. "Are you saying I need a psychiatrist more than you? No, I'm joking. You'll have to ask Bob why he wants you at John's session – maybe he's a fan. Maybe he wants to see for himself that you're alive."
John wondered what day it was. Not that it mattered. Nothing mattered anymore. Distantly he thought he SHOULD care that he'd stood Shane up... but it was so hard. He couldn't work up the enthusiasm to roll over... let alone care about lunch.
Now... none of that mattered. John was glad he wasn't dead. But everything else... it paled next to losing his hand. Shane, Sherlock, all those feelings, all that sturm and drang, nothing mattered.
"Stop it!" John said, his voice fierce. "Just stop! Sherlock, you've been through hell, of course it's affected you. But I'm not going anywhere! I've waited so long… we are together now! If there are problems, we need to deal with them together. I cannot lose you again! Look at me."
Shane kissed his neck, his hands ranging over John's back and John felt some of the urgency return to his arousal. "Let me." John said, his hand on the hem of his vest. Shane leaned back and John pulled the shirt over his head and off. Now he was nude from the waist up but for the prosthetic.
“He came by the kitchen this morning ‘bout 5:30, asking about the Cliffside Trail. I told him it was going to rain, but he would go anyway. He’s not returned?”
It was late afternoon, gray and dim in the weak February light. I had decided to walk home from the pub after I’d left Stamford and the rugby lads. It was a long walk, but I had nothing better to do...
I wanted to scream. John was already thinking about how to forget me. This was all a horrible, horrible mistake! I could barely keep myself from wrenching open the door and running to him.
“No.” Anwen said.” There was a bequest but it wasn’t nearly so generous. I’ve wondered if it was a bribe to get Owen to change out the real will for this one.”
“I love you too, John.” I kissed him again then nibbled his jaw, feeling the roughness of his stubble under my teeth. Strange how natural it felt, despite being nothing like kissing a woman. Women were soft… Sherlock… Sherlock was exciting. Thrilling. Kissing Sherlock was athletic. Competitive. We fed off each other’s energy, passion growing and grabbing, boiling in my blood. And his. He wrapped a leg around me and cupped my erection through my jeans.
Sherlock realized he'd fallen on the broken wine glass. He could feel it cutting into his flesh in several places. He wiggled and rolled away from the table, John grabbed his hand and pulled him up. "Are you cut?" John asked.
Sherlock was curled up under the duvet. I thought he was hiding, not sleeping. I sat down on the bed and shook his shoulder gently.
“Yeah. One of her friends growing up was an Omega. They were close, like sisters. According to mum, her friend had it rough. She wanted me to have a normal life.”
When Sherlock’s breathing evened out and I felt the muscles of his back relax, I pushed in another inch. I stopped there, but Sherlock shoved himself back, impaling himself to the root with a cry. I gasped, my fingers digging into his ribs.  He was so tight and hot, my foreskin pushed back and pinned against the throbbing shaft of my prick. I wanted nothing more than to rut and claim, take Sherlock hard, fuck him until I came.
"Oh them." She waved dismissively at the group she'd come in with. "They're ok." She smiled sweetly at me. "I've missed YOU, John."
John guided my head down again, less tentatively. I moaned happily, humming around his cock and his fingers tightened in my hair. I let him lead now, let him use my mouth for his pleasure. He humped his hips forward in little thrusts. It was sublime.
He needed a blood sample to test, but taking one would leave a mark that would be noted on the autopsy. He could go in through the I.V. port, but all the man's blood had pooled in the underside of his body. Sherlock rolled the corpse and stuck his needle in the buttock. He drew several vials and sealed them, stowing them in his pocket for later testing.
Sherlock didn’t bother telling him how he knew – the vomit was the giveaway. It was tea and toast from the look of it, with a hefty amount of mucous, halfway dried and sticking to the sling. And, unfortunately, to John.
Mummy sighed and set down her pen. She looked up to where Sherlock stood, leaning against the bookshelves. “Your papa would have wanted me to take them in.”
“Medical school is important to me. My mate understands that. And I was hoping that if I put in some extra time, made up for what I lost, I wouldn’t have to put off graduation.”
A&E was a madhouse. It was two hours before Sherlock was ushered into the examination area and he'd spent the wait complaining and insisting that he was perfectly fine.
"Don't do anything to him." I begged my brother. "He didn't know. I lied to him. I seduced him. He doesn't deserve it!"
It didn’t matter that I hadn’t wanted it, that battered and violated as I was, I’d struggled furiously against the needle in Vinokourov’s hand. It had bit into my vein regardless... I’d forgotten how good it was, how ecstatic. How wonderful it felt to simply float away in joyful contentment...
At the bottom of the corkscrew, there was another locked door. Moran pulled out a key - from a different pocket, Sherlock noted – and let them in.
Sherlock stood up. “It’s time, don’t you think, to get John out of that sling.” He walked past Moran without looking at him. “There are better uses for it.” Sherlock went directly to the side of the fireplace and pressed the hidden button he’d found in the moulding. The wall opened, a section of shelves swung out revealing a hidden passageway. Sherlock turned back to Moran who looked genuinely surprised. “After you.” He said.
"That's ridiculous. You didn't 'drag me' into anything. I wanted – I WANT to do it!" John was indignant. "No one could predict what Moriarty would do, let alone Moran!"
“I’m John.” He told her. I’m here to help you. What’s your name?” The girl cringed from him, trembling.
The light blinded him. He squinted through his sleep encrusted eyes. Slowly he adjusted... he was in… hospital?
I felt a little shy, a bit uncertain about what Sherlock wanted, about what he would allow. But when he saw me, he smiled with pure happiness and I folded him into my arms.
Angus' chuckle was more strained than good-natured. "Good point. It WAS pretty late at night, maybe you weren't as awake as you seemed."
The thought of climbing all those stairs was exhausting. My headache had faded somewhat, but my exhaustion had only deepened. I turned back.
"There's a general sense that you and your brothers were unhappy with Victor, with your father's sexuality, that he decided to marry again..."
Did I have anything to say for myself? “No.” I said. “Do whatever you want.” I returned my gaze to the floor. My hands were greasy from the food.
The illness had receded enough now, I accessed my mind palace easily. It was a relief – I had missed retreating there. It was my refuge from the messier parts of life. Here I could put Victor – all my ambivalent feelings about Victor – away. I put it all in a drawer and closed it.
In spite of that, it felt natural – right – to be holding one now I was again wearing full military kit. I’d lived in clothes exactly like these for twelve plus years. Even though there was some unfamiliar gear – I’d never worn a body camera or night vision goggles – donning the uniform was second nature.
There was a knock at the door. I threw a blanket over Sherlock then let Anwen in with the soup and hot water bottles. She seemed unsure whether to linger, but I shooed her out.
Harry was... challenging. Any hope I had been nurturing that the rehab might somehow ‘take’ was shattered the moment I saw her bloodshot eyes. We had dinner together – an exceedingly fancy dinner in Calda’s five star restaurant. Conversation quickly devolved into an argument. I knew from long experience how futile it was to argue with Harry, so I clammed up and she worked herself into a strop over my silence. Afterwards I went to bed in my ridiculously lavish suite and left Harry to her own devices.
Before dawn, Sherlock rang John again — Lestrade had heard him murmuring on the phone several times overnight — but was repeatedly sent to voicemail.
John gave him a look that spoke volumes, Shane watched their silent communication with furrowed brow. He didn't comment, instead he pulled his iPad out of the bag and without speaking set it up on the rolling table. He started a movie playing and sat down to watch. The three of them sipped coffee and watched Evil Dead II, the one where Ash cuts off his possessed hand and later replaces it with a chain saw. The film seemed to cheer John up. Sherlock approved.
John turned towards the American but Alfred bumped into him as he attempted to scuttle for cover, Molly clutched against his thin chest. Thus, John was off balance when he spotted the Alpha. She was tall and sturdy in her white doctor’s coat and her scent was virile – horse sweat and leather saddles. John ducked behind a curtain, pulling Alfred and Molly with him, as her gaze swept his way, but the group of crying Omegas fleeing towards the back stairs had her attention.
John continued to stare at him, but the listlessness was gone. John's face was animated with emotions too fleeting and complex for Sherlock to decipher. They coalesced into a flare of temper. "What the bloody fuck are you talking about!?" He demanded.
This was ridiculous. John wasn't a child, he knew how to behave in public. He had to pull himself together. He asked Mike about his work at the teaching hospital. He could hear the relief in Mike's voice as he answered.
Sherlock nodded and let John pull him to his feet and lead him into his bedroom – which used to be Sherlock’s bedroom. Sherlock stripped off quickly then waited for John to gesture an invitation into his bed. He climbed under the duvet awkwardly.
Mummy surrendered Rosie to take the present. “Just a little something for the child on Christmas Eve, John.” She said.
There was more, an uncomfortable sensation in his hair and on his face. The Alpha was touching John’s mate! John snarled and thrashed in frustration.
I didn’t think about Mary again. She truly was out of sight, out of mind. Until a week later when she called.
He thought about how Sherlock had looked with Virginia – the only other person he’d seen Sherlock hug. John had felt a bubble of childlike happiness from his Omega when she’d put her arms around him.
Shane grimaced. "He said he'd bar you from seeing him if you didn't. You know him. You know that he means it."
I saw immediately the hierarchy in the mess hall, identified Vinokourov’s table, and located the best place I would be allowed to sit. I collected my supper – a vile smelling mound of cabbage and turnip with a few bits of gamey meat and a hunk of bread. I took a seat, studying the social organism that was the gang.
Gods! He was bloody tired! It made Lestrade sick to hurt these people, to shoot them, to hit them with the cricket bat, break their bones, crush their skulls… kill them — they were victims, infected by
John grunted and with hand and forearm slammed Sherlock back against the couch and followed with a savage kiss. He lifted himself and threw a leg over to straddle Sherlock's lap. He bit Sherlock's upper lip, his tongue pressed against the tender peaks, following their line. His fingers plucked at Sherlock's nipple, circling with his thumb – he had remembered how sensitive they were, how it made Sherlock's back arch and his breath stutter.
Despite being affectionate and attentive, John continued sleeping in his own bed, never any indication he thought of anything else. He went out regularly – to see Mariah, I assumed. But sex didn't cheer him as it had before Wallog.
When John woke again, he was alone in the bed, the smell of brewing coffee permeating the bedroom. He got up and looked around for something to wear – Shane had left a dressing gown. He padded out into the big main room where the windows filled the flat with light. Shane was sitting at his desk staring into his laptop. John went over and kissed his temple.
Sherlock completely agreed. "This isn't the time for self-pity, Bruno. None of this is about you. Or me. Go home and sleep so you can take care John tomorrow."
We landed on the helipad adjacent to Mycroft's home and I spent less than a minute in the open. As soon as I got inside, I dropped my bag and headed straight for the tunnels in the basement. I took the one that would get me closest to Baker Street.
As I dressed, I considered rousting John to come with me, but after our conversation last night I was loath to be alone with him. I felt transparent – there was no way he could fail to see it was him I loved. I went downstairs alone.
John asked him what he wanted to do, where he wanted to stay during the next few weeks that they would have to be together. He told Sherlock what was important to him – finishing medical school and his RAMC training – but he put no strictures on Sherlock. Sherlock was free to go with John or not, as he chose! If Sherlock decided he never wanted to see John again, John would respect that, no matter how much of a strain it was physically.
John stopped himself abruptly. He had one hand and a still-healing stump, he wasn't going to subdue a child, let alone a husky mesomorph... why would he want to take Angus down anyway?
“What?” She asked. I turned to glance at her – she was shaking her head dizzily, still sagging against the brick.
“I have you, love.” I told him, snapping my hips so he felt it. “I have you now. You’re here with me.” I moved faster against him now, harder. “I won’t let you go, Sherlock. Not ever.”
(As doubtful as I was about my potential fellatio abilities, at least I had a bit of experience with rimming! I knew I could please him.)
“Vasovagus syncope.” I observed with admiration. Overstimulation of the vagus nerve caused a sudden drop in blood pressure and thus fainting. My John was a soldier AND a doctor. I’d have to get him to show me how it was done.
“Your friends are looking for you...” Moran said. “…in the playroom.” Sherlock turned his head in time to see Moran pick up the handgun, inspect it, and tuck it back into his waistband. “Let’s not disappoint them.” He tossed Sherlock’s jumper at him and stood up.
I sat up – he released me reluctantly – and unfastened my trousers. I pushed them down my hips, leaving my black boxer briefs in place and stepped out of them.
“It wasn’t a glance – it was 28 seconds! Which is a long time!” John’s accusation penetrated along with a finger of guilt. “Who’s Todd?” I dissembled.
His hands were tugging at my flies and abruptly my cock sprang free from its denim prison. I almost gasped in relief. Sherlock pulled at my t-shirt and I held up my arms so he could shuck it over my head.
John couldn’t let that happen. Alphas weren’t just programmed by millennia of evolution to fight for and claim an Omega in heat, they were also programmed to protect their Omega. John had had plenty of experience defending an Omega, it was deeply ingrained. He grabbed hold of that, his deep instinct to protect this young man (because he is
“I’ll go in disguise.” Sherlock said, completely serious. “If they’re watching us that closely, I’ll lose them first.”
“Would you?!” Mary asked gratefully. Then her face fell. “It’s such a long shot... I don’t want to waste your time, John.”
I SHOULD have known that he would do anything to spare me from Moriarty’s wrath, including break his promise.
Sherlock didn't resume investigation into Simon Fraser's untimely death until John was taken for surgery. He'd intended to pay a visit to the morgue overnight, but when Shane came back with the takeaway, it was apparent that his discomfort with hospital went into overdrive at night. It didn't help that John was lashing out at both of them.
Sherlock’s eyes were red-rimmed and bloodshot and he was deathly pale — Lestrade knew Mycroft had to have noticed, but he was putting on quite the show of nothing-to-see-here. Lestrade was glad — he still hoped John might be ok. Thus, when Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, Lestrade intervened.
I took a moment to calm my breathing – wouldn’t do to hyperventilate – then put the knives away. I made my way upstairs stealthily – the only way this would work is if I got in position early. Mycroft wouldn’t like this, but if I were careful, he wouldn’t know. I bypassed the agents in the control center, walking nonchalantly down the hall. I didn’t spend much time upstairs in the house proper – too many windows. But today I would risk it. I slipped into Mycroft’s study, crossed the room to the library and positioned myself behind the adjoining door. And I waited.
Something hit me – something that felt like a freight train – and dropped me to the floor. I shook my head. When my vision cleared, I saw it was Hulk. Nazer and another man lifted me back up and Hulk slugged me again, his massive fist slamming into my gut. I felt something tear. I shut my eyes, it would be over soon.
Stamford dragged me along to a game of his ‘masters’ rugby league. I had been resisting the idea for months, certain that ‘masters’ was a euphemism for ‘fat, old men,’ certain that a Sunday morning spent socializing with strangers was the last thing I wanted.
“Yes! Jim is like that. But it’s worse, much worse… I cannot bond with him. Do you understand? He will torture me.”
John ordered another round for the three of them, tipping the Beta server lavishly, tucking it into his waistband with a sloppy leer. The server tolerated it with a tight smile. John bit back the impulse to apologise.
John had to make a decision. An impossible decision. Sherlock or Shane. Or he could just sleep a while longer. Maybe the decision would be made for him.
The morgue was a busy place. Busy enough that Sherlock, in his borrowed lab coat, went, if not unnoticed, then unremarked.
“And Shane is… Shane is great. Really great…” John shook himself.  “What am I saying? Neither of them want to be saddled with me now. I SHOULD ban them, I’d be doing them a favor.”
Sherlock left Speedy's and walked away. The hunter didn't follow him - neither did John. Once out of sight, Sherlock shed the ginger wig and mustaches, he turned the hat inside out, it was black now. He put the dark beard back on with the black watch cap pulled low. The big coat, inside out, looked like a gray plaid raincoat - though it was hotter. He took the fisherman's sweater off and stuffed it in the rucksack. He put it on backwards, over his chest and belly and buttoned the coat over it - it made him look fatter. He stationed himself where he could see the hunter's hide and waited.
“That’s not the point!” The shout left me retching helplessly, coughing phlegm and bile into my lap. When I recovered myself I caught Mycroft giving a small shake of his head towards the door. I looked up – John’s shadow was in the window. I scowled
My heart was racing. I gripped the sheets tightly, fighting vertigo, trying to orient myself in the waking world. Moriarty was in jail – he'd been denied bail! He was in jail and he'd go to prison after his trial.
Looking at this man, with his orange hair and pasty complexion – so pale his eyebrows and eyelashes appeared to be missing – who wanted to kill MY Sherlock – who had certainly harmed him! I attacked with animalistic ferocity. On his backswing, I stepped inside his reach and smashed the butt of my rifle into his gut. He released a great “Ooof!” and bent almost double. But he didn’t, as I’d hoped, drop the machete.
Dad tolerated John reading to Harry, watching telly with her, playing games – he was hot on telling John about his responsibility to protect his sister – but no roughhousing. And no hugging – at least not where Dad could see. The worst beating John ever got was the day Dad found Harry cuddled up with John in his bed after she'd had a nightmare. John could still feel Dad's wrenching yank as he pulled him away, the punch to the gut, feel how the kitchen lino felt gritty on his cheek as he lay there gawping like a fish trying to fill his lungs with air. His father screaming at him, spittle flying, “You stupid, little shite! You’ll ruin her! It's your job to protect her! You stupid, selfish, little shite!”
“No. But someone this determined and organized will look for another way. It’s possible that removing Jones wasn’t just revenge, but helped him toward his goal.”
He clenched his jaw, but he took my arm and stood up. I held onto him as he climbed out of the tub, his cock piercing flashing in the light, then wrapped a big towel around him. He started drying himself off.
I felt light and happy. I was with John and he loved me! We lay lazily in our bed in Baker Street, the linens pristinely white, sun slanting through the curtain illuminating a thousand dust motes... they danced in the sun and I flew over and danced with them, John’s hand in mine, John’s strong hand on my shoulder... John beside me. I wanted John beside me always...
Last night, around midnight, Sherlock had been woken by a night nurse. "You can't sleep there." She said. "You can't get in bed with the patients."
"Why didn't you say!?" He came to me and felt my forehead. "You're warm." He announced. "Go sit down. "I'll get some ibuprofen."
Clambering up the pitched roof of the house across the alley, Sherlock stopped suddenly - there was a camera on the peak pointed down at the house. Were all the buildings around the mansion wired? The mansion itself must be a fortress. Sherlock wasn't going to get into that house easily if at all.
“In Mycroft’s world? Always.” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “Mycroft needs to produce an heir – ideally two. Alphas, obviously. That will be the main consideration when negotiating a bondmate contract for Mycroft.”
Sherlock returned to Baker Street to see if Moran were watching John, thinking to pick up following him there. And to see John, if only from a distance. But he found no trace of the hunter there. 221b was dark and quiet – John was out.
And then, god help me, I realised something terrible about myself: I was envious. Sherlock had murdered five people with his bare hands – acts that gave him screaming nightmares when he could manage to sleep – and I was JEALOUS.
John pulled back the curtain and looked around for someone who worked there. "Hey!" He called. "I need help."
Moran caressed his cheek then his fingers grabbed and squeezed Sherlock’s jaw, yanking him forward cruelly for a last kiss. When he let go, his finger marks stood out bright red on Sherlock’s pale skin. When Moran turned and started to prowl around the room, Sherlock tested his jaw tentatively and winced.
“Look, Sherlock... all I know is that I have fallen in love with the most amazing person. And I want to be with him.” He pressed another kiss to my chest. “About the other thing... I ...”
“Sorry, you startled me, Nurse Measing.” John realized his feet were uncovered (wading into the cold depths...) and reached to pull the blankets over them. The nurse watched him. “What do you need?”
“We got photos – good enough to frame and hang over the mantle.” His phone buzzed and Lestrade looked at it, his brow furrowing.
I nodded and made my way to the bar. We weren’t at a pub, I’d suggested a rather posh cocktail bar with a reputation for attracting a gay crowd – not my usual sort of place. I wasn’t comfortable here, which I hoped would cover that I wasn’t at all comfortable with Moran.
Mary nodded, but her eyes were fixed on John, appealing to him, pleading with him. “I’m everything you’ve ever wanted, John. I know you find me attractive, I know I’m your ‘type.’ It’s not just physical, my personality complements yours – my interests and hobbies, my work, my taste in cinema and books and restaurants. I’m funny and smart and kind and little bit stubborn. I’m perfect for you!
It would all be more complicated now. I felt so sad... not for myself! This wasn’t about me! But sad that my glorious, gorgeous, uninhibited Sherlock was suffering. I would do anything to take this whole experience from him!
“You talked to him.” Lestrade realised.  “On your phone.” He’d lost his somewhere between the Yard and Baker Street.
John grimaced. “You’ll be sorry you said that.” He thought a moment, ordering his thoughts. “You know most of it. I spent seven years in Afghanistan. After I was shot, it took… six months – no longer – before I fully recovered. Lots of physical therapy. I … getting shot… it’s very isolating. Everything changed. All the people I knew, the familiar places were gone. I was back in London, a civilian. I don’t have family I’m close to. I was really… alone.
I recognized the rhyming slang for ‘army’ – daft and barmy, shortened to ‘daft.’ “Oh? Where were you stationed?” I asked politely as he took my coat. He didn’t blink at my jumper and jeans, but his eyes slid over me voraciously. Mary wore a black cocktail dress under her red coat.
“I got it, lads.” John announced. He pulled a wad of bank notes from his pocket and counted 200 pounds out. He handed it to the door person and pocketed the rest.
"We were never a couple, you know that, Greg." John said testily. He had meant losing his hand, but Lestrade had misunderstood – perhaps purposely.
But then John started to tense, his body going rigid. Sherlock released him and John turned away quickly, walking back to the kitchen and his mug of tea. Sherlock followed.
He woke when they moved him to a private room. Mycroft's functionary was still there. "Do you know anything about Sherlock?" John asked him. "And Shane? Shane Bruno?" He remembered Shane was going back into Moran's compound. Why had he allowed that? The hypoxia had confused and weakened him to a greater degree than he realized.
He kissed my jaw and I smelled the liquor on his breath. If he'd been less drunk, he would have had a wash first.
He shoved hard, his hands leaving bruises on the ivory flanks. The Omega plunged backwards, keening – ultimately, their movements synched, and Sherlock impaled himself on John’s cock just as John propelled himself forward savagely and his knot, his enormous, rock-solid knot, was forced into the trembling Omega’s hole. Sherlock screamed.
John fucked me, his hips slapping against my spread buttocks, slamming me against the table. John fucked me savagely, keeping me pinned, immobilized beneath him. I couldn’t have escaped if I tried – but why would I want to escape such a divine battering?
How could Sherlock leave me?! He’d promised me! How could he leave me alone like this!? How could he!?
His hand moved from my shoulder to fist in my hair again, yanking my head up off the table. He pulled my hair viciously and resumed jackhammering in earnest. I could hear him panting – or maybe that was me.
Sherlock crept back down the long corridor. He hoped Lestrade and Bill were causing a big distraction, it wouldn’t be good for the bouncer to come looking for them.
John moaned appreciatively. He pulled back again and this time slid in more easily to the root. He began to fuck more steadily, pulling all the way out occasionally to let Sherlock take a gasping breath. Sherlock fisted his own prick as John began fucking his mouth in earnest, and his other hand crept into John's crack to finger the tight bud he found there. His own hole throbbed with want.
The cocaine was kicking in, energy and clarity spiking through me. I resented that I had to waste it in the shower. But I knew better than to disobey. The line of coke wouldn’t last long and I’d be miserable again soon.
“Your mums are waiting for you, Molly. We’ll call them as soon as we’re out of here. “Are you hurt?”
Shane returned with a wheelchair and John started to maneuver Sherlock into it. "Jesus, you're heavy." He muttered.
Bill’s cousin – Ellen – punched him and looked pointedly to the bar. Her ‘friend’ – i.e. drug dealer – worked as a bouncer at the club. He not only dealt the usual street drugs, he was plugged in – he knew where to go to buy any kind of drug, illegal guns, and Omega sex.
“Bill.” John greeted him. “How’d you get stuck down here?” Bill’s specialty was the same as John’s, emergency medicine.
The burly man’s face was altered, no longer the outgoing, acerbic nurse, Angus looked cold, angry, his eyes dark.
on the proper way to raise an Omega! We went around to all her teachers and no one had seen her since lunchtime. Her afternoon teachers had reported her absent, but the school secretary thought she was just skiving off. Molly would
Sherlock lay on the metal platform and caught his breath. The riot he’d caused clamoured below him. He could see a number of people on the ground. There was blood…
Irritated, I considered waking him. But he had looked awful this morning, he needed to rest. Gingerly, I felt his cheek and his forehead. He was hot and clammy.
“You will. As soon as he’s out of surgery. I’ve made arrangements – you have all the entitlements of a family member here. I’m certain it’s what Sherlock will want.”
"I don't believe in marriage – it's a bourgeois concept that oppresses women and shackles men." He shrugged. "But Dad could do whatever he wanted."
Sherlock was more complicated. John went with him to the tiny place he’d been living in Montague Street and was surprised to find a rather handsome young Beta living there.
John ripped his shirt off and shoved his jeans down. His cock was so hard! It was too big and heavy to stand upright, it bobbed out in front of him instead, the fat, damp head pointing at his mate. Sherlock strained towards it and John rubbed it across the Omega’s gorgeous lips.
Almost all of them wanted children – and a number were actively broody. They’d been raped repeatedly, experimented upon, some of them had been used as incubators, some had had their eggs harvested... yet they still wanted children.
Sherlock groaned. “I’m awake... Lestrade...” He slurred. He forced himself to sit up and touch the gun in his pocket, make sure it was still there. “I’m awake.” He sagged against the policeman. The other Omega's arms supported him. Sitting up, Sherlock's head cleared a little.
I smiled. "Yes." I kissed him softly. "You're MY  boyfriend. Officer Vaachaspati best stop looking your way." I said it lightly, but the jealousy felt like panic just below my skin.
Sherlock’s lips curved in a small smile – I was enchanted by his pretty mouth and leaned down to kiss him. Sherlock savoured the kiss, holding my face in his hands.
Putting Sherlock on top, allowing him the freedom to direct the proceedings – and to end them if he so desired – had succeeded in calming his panic. It was clear that I couldn’t do any of the things we were used to doing – I couldn’t take charge, bull him to the bed, hold him down, restrain him, I couldn’t lift his legs and fuck him, I couldn’t push him to his knees and shove my cock in his mouth. I couldn’t hold him in my arms whispering endearments and make love to him. I couldn’t top him at all, not right now. Our established dynamic, where Sherlock surrendered to my will with giddy delight, would only trigger his trauma now.
Then Mike was clapping him on the shoulder – awkwardly as halfway through he suddenly wasn't sure that he should be touching John that way. Siobhan stepped in, unperturbed, and kissed John's cheeks in greeting. She was a statistician, John remembered, trying to reconcile that with the motherly woman before him. He could see it in her eyes, a practicality, a keen intellect. She took his arm unselfconsciously and guided John to the table whilst Shane told Mike – through his expression – not to fret.
A year ago, I was rooting around in the linen cupboard looking for a clean flannel when I found a prescription bottle filled with blue pills. It was Sherlock’s but I hadn’t prescribed anything for him in months. I didn’t recognize the name of the doctor that HAD prescribed them.
Shane had been great the last few days. He hadn’t pried or prodded, just gently suggested that John would feel better if he talked about it. They were laying in Shane’s bed together, post-coitus, when John decided he might be right.
Shane massaged John's legs, kneading the large muscles of his thighs through his jeans. John smiled at him lazily, stretching his arms over his head. Shane kissed his ribs, one by one, his breath hot against John's skin. By the time he reached the bottom and started down John's abdomen towards his navel, John's prick had rejoined the action. Shane smiled with satisfaction and began unbuttoning John's flies.
Sherlock looked more closely at John's boyfriend - he should have done immediately, the sheen of sweat on the man's lip spoke volumes.
!” John groaned. He grasped the waistband of Sherlock’s pyjama pants and yanked them down, lifted Sherlock’s legs and pulled them off entirely. He took advantage of Sherlock having his legs in the air, pressing them down onto Sherlock’s chest and letting his erection bump at his Omega’s slick opening.
But there was no time to dwell on it, the stocky woman (blood dripping down her chin) came at John, screaming. Her nails slashed his face as he grabbed at her arms. He managed a good enough grip to swing her around and twisting her arm against her back, incapacitated her. She thrashed in the hold, snarling her rage.
He was wheeled to a room in Critical Care. A different room. Shane was ushered in carrying the overnight bag with John’s things – the laptop and new iPhone included. John remembered feeling put out this morning that Shane had so thoughtfully brought him a replacement for his lost phone. Put out and after he thought about it, grateful. Shane was, overall, an excellent boyfriend.
I uncovered the tray. There was water, ginger tea, paracetamol tablets and cough syrup. "Where is Dr. Watson?" I asked.
But John was still so hard, his cock flushed purple, the foreskin pushed way back revealing the tender head. It twitched and throbbed. I took hold of it, wrapping my long fingers around it and John moaned. It wouldn't take him long, I could tell - the musky scent of his arousal made it plain.
He climbed into bed and gathered Sherlock in his arms. “You’re tense.” John said. “Not that I blame you, your mother is a bit… overbearing.”
Mycroft sniffed – heat pheromones didn’t have a scent so much as they had a texture. They should be making his brother distinctly uncomfortable. Yes, Sherlock could see a sheen of perspiration on his brow. Perhaps that's why he'd become so uncharacteristically emotional.
“Tell me about him.” Mary said one night after a few drinks, touching my hand. Possibly we’d had a few too many drinks. “Tell me about your Sherlock.”
"Eugenics.” Sherlock said. Lestrade had come to Baker Street to wrap up the murder cases. John, just home from hospital the day before, sat on the couch. His left arm was in a sling, but he looked quite well otherwise. Sherlock sat next to him. Mycroft had joined them. He stood at the window, leaning against the desk, impassive as usual.
This! He could get lost in this. He slipped his hands under John's shirt and caressed his skin. He felt the ridges of John's abdomen. John had lost weight when Sherlock was away, and more since he'd been in hospital. He missed the softness that had been there. When had he touched it? They'd only kissed once before he'd left, but Sherlock had held him – had his hands strayed that far? They must have.
Moran stretched out facing him, his hand caressing Sherlock's chest. "Your body is so different than his. I never told him how lovely I thought you were. He wouldn't have liked that."
He dropped his overnight bag on the floor and took off his coat, and then his shirt – he was getting better at doing the buttons one handed, but it still took a frustratingly long amount of time and concentration. When it was finally off, he threw it on the floor in disgust. Then he unstrapped the prosthesis and rolled the sock off of his arm. It felt WONDERFUL to have that thing off.
“I assure you I am not.” Mycroft said. He gazed at Lestrade for a moment, at the irregular grassy green soulmark on his cheek. Lestrade smiled at him and he coloured and looked down at the bowls of soup on the tray, at the sandwiches. “This looks lovely. Thank you.”
"Don't wait too long." Was all she said. Then there was silence and I knew - I KNEW - she was kissing him. I ground my teeth with hatred - although it meant he wasn't leaving with her. "Thanks for the loaner... and the tea." She said. "You're the best." Another silence - she was kissing him again! I found myself on my feet, pressing my ear to Mrs. Hudson's front door, straining to hear exactly what was happening.
"I wouldn't blame you if you walked away." John had said. He was standing in the window looking down on Baker Street, just like he used to when there were clients coming to the door.
He HAD written down the plate and number of the taxi that the boyfriend had taken from Baker Street. Sherlock found the cab company online and, assuming a flaky demeanor, called saying he'd left his smartphone in the back of one of their cabs. He didn't know the name of the driver, but it was taxi number 56. Could he speak to the driver, maybe a another fare had found his phone? The cabbie's name was Brian Kumaraswami. Sherlock went to the cab company and asked for him. He was driving, but they called him in when Sherlock handed them some twenty pound notes.
Instead I knelt at the memorial in front of me, gritting my teeth against the cry that wanted to escape, to bring John to me. I could still see him weeping, wiping his face with his hands. Even in grief, he was beautiful – the sun catching the copper in his hair, his expressive face in profile. I had traced his profile with my fingers… with my lips…
"Just wool gathering." Sherlock shook off the dark mood and told himself again that sharing John with this other man was better than losing John altogether.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock had joined them. “We have to get to hospital.” He announced to the attendants. “Mycroft is cleaning up here. He sent someone to John, but I need to be there.” He glanced at Shane. “We need to be there.” He amended.
“Yes.” He said, his arms still tight around me. His scent, clean and strong, filled my senses. “John?”
He still had to be neutralised. Vinokourov was too effective and knew too much about Moriarty and his network to be ignored. I simply had to work out how.
The only thing I can compare it to is when he thought Irene Adler had died... but this is worse. With Irene, I hated to see him that way, but I knew what was going on. It made sense.
“Ok, time to stand up.” John said, supporting him once again. It took a moment, but eventually Sherlock was standing, an arm over John’s shoulders keeping him upright. He was very conscious of John’s arm around his waist.
“Oh Sherlock, I’m still going to destroy you.” Moriarty crowed. He stared at John for a long moment then stepped back, away from Sherlock. “But not right away.” He said. He turned his back carelessly and slouched to the exit. There, he looked back and surveyed the tableau: Sherlock on his knees next to the pool, reflected water dancing across his cheek; John, fists clenched, jaw tight, staring at him murderously.
Lestrade pushed Mrs Hudson behind him and extended his baton with a flick of his wrist. “Shut the bloody door!” He cried, smashing the foremost infected in the face.
He looked absolutely lovely in his too-small t-shirt, his hair rumpled, his lush lips dark red on his pale face, his eyes so sharp. He could see right through me. Even the chapped pink of his nose was enticing.
"I'm not in a rush. The hospital deaths are unsolved. I'm still thinking about it... I must have missed something. I was certain the murderer would try to kill you when we gave him the opportunity..."
Lestrade picked up the brown bottle, frowning at the heavy mist it dispensed. "You're sure this isn't going to make me indecent in public? Alpha viagra is powerful stuff."
Of course John handled 'these sorts of things.' John handled everything. Until he lost his hand. Then things got out of hand. He couldn't handle it.
Fuck me, I had to get a job. There were bills. The rent would be due soon. I had put off finding another job, allowing myself the luxury of enjoying the first months of giddy love unfettered by obligation. Sherlock and I had been in each other’s pockets, spending almost all our time together – so much so, that I knew when Sherlock must have visited Lestrade. It had been wonderful. I had loved making Sherlock so happy.
"I can't believe I was worried you'd find me out – the great Sherlock Holmes! I thought for sure you knew it was me, that you were just toying with me. I went out of my way to befriend John, to keep tabs on your investigation. But you're like everybody else, too stupid to see what's right in front of your face!"
You’re going to ruin things with Lestrade. It's inevitable.” Sherlock said, more sadly than he'd intended. He watched the brightness in his brother’s eyes fade a tad. “You won’t be able to help yourself.”
John nudged himself in. There was resistance initially, but John pressed forward and quickly slid into the hot wetness of the Omega. They both groaned loudly. John pushed until his pelvis was flush to Sherlock’s arse, their skin melding together. John was amazed that the man had taken him so easily – John’s Alpha cock was on the larger side and none of his previous partners, all Beta lasses, had found him easy to accommodate – especially not at first.
But John was on him before he made it three steps, tackling the shapeless figure to the ground and immobilising him with military efficiency.
They were in some sort of military fortress with thick cement walls and windows too narrow for even a child to wiggle through. Lestrade thought that if castles were still being built, it might look like this — grand and impenetrable.
"No!" Sherlock snapped. "It was a distraction! I was pursuing a criminal mastermind – who was dangerously obsessed with me already. I needed ALL my faculties, all my focus for that! I didn't have the... the bandwidth... to waste!"
Sherlock didn't ask the question he really wanted answered: what about his relationship with John? What about sex? Not that John was in any state for it, but eventually... He nodded at Shane, the boyfriend. John's boyfriend, who had the power to banish Sherlock from the Baker Street flat just as he had had the power to convince John that Sherlock should live there again. For a moment Sherlock felt the depths of his own desperation – that he'd fled and thrown away his chance to be John's lover, his boyfriend, his partner, his one and only... he felt the siren call of heroin, the first time since John had been kidnapped. It would be so lovely to forget, to let his troubles float away, to have that unshakeable sense of well-being flowing through his veins...
James Moriarty was acceptable, Mummy supposed. He had made a name for himself in academic circles. He had a modest amount of wealth and somewhat less modest connections in the business and financial world that could benefit the Holmes interests. He was intelligent and well spoken, knowledgeable about the Holmes family and businesses. He didn’t simper and try to flatter her, nor did he talk down to her. Over drinks, Moriarty explained his predictive economic theorem – for forecasting markets, it was how he had made his millions – and she found herself fascinated and impressed. She could picture her Jean-Claude sitting at the table enjoying the conversation with her, feeling the warm hum of his approval through their link. Though Moriarty was not a conventional choice, the very unexpectedness of it would turn heads. Yes, Mummy decided, James Moriarty would be a strategic addition to the Holmes clan. She gave her permission.
That was the thought in my head as I entered him – that I could erase the uncertainty from his eyes with this act. I moved slowly, letting him fully adjust to my girth. When I was fully seated within him, I leaned over and caressed his face. “I love you, Sherlock Holmes.” I said, and kissed him deeply. He clung to me, held me tight as I began to move, sodding him deliberately.
I kissed him again, he tasted himself in my mouth and kissed me more deeply. “Do you have lube?” I asked.
"The body was discovered because the neighbors complained of the smell." Lestrade explained. "He's been in there at least a month. Probably longer."
Was Sherlock just curious? Was he trying to console himself after being rejected by his mysterious love interest? Did he just want laid?
“I have to admit...” Lestrade said contemplatively. “I was surprised that you two... but at the same time it made sense.”
Sherlock sat back on his chair and watched John hide himself under the blankets, his good hand disappearing, his eyes closed.
I agreed. Victor's flat was small and sunny and very private. In his bedroom he undressed me and kissed my entire body.
Victor finally found us. "Gereth!" He cried and knelt by the boy, cradling him in his arms. I saw no harm in it – they wouldn’t see each other again. I could see that Victor was resigned to his fate. He loved the boy – and I believe he had loved me – but he knew it was wrong.
John felt his face blank – it was all he could do not to snarl at her like a cornered animal. It wasn't an accident! It had been done to him purposely! He didn't contradict her – he didn't say anything to her. John just stood there, paralyzed.
He looked at me as he said Victor's name. Of course he did – John was worried about me. I wanted to think he was worried that he had a rival... but I could read him like a book and that had not even crossed his mind.
I was curious about Victor. What sort of man was he? He had thought me beautiful and he had loved me… beyond that I had only vague memories of his ambitions and plans. At thirteen I had been consumed by chemistry – I was determined to learn all there was to know – I was already reading University level texts and working with tutors. I remember Victor’s indulgent smiles when I tried to explain at length about my latest experiment…
"Ok. I'm turning the light on." I closed my eyes to avoid the shock, opening them slowly after he flipped on the desk lamp. John was wearing pyjama pants and a t-shirt under a dressing gown. He came into the room, laptop in one hand, beer bottle in the other. "You're still dressed." He said.
When he reached the platform, the Omega helped him haul the ladder up and lock it back in place. Then he was running up to the next level and John was following him. He focussed not on the throbbing disco beat, but on how different the clang of his shoe sounded on the metal stairs from the soft thump of his stockinged foot. CLANG! Thump CLANG! Thump CLANG! Thump… and he definitely didn’t focus on the enchanting, hot honey scent of the Omega almost in heat above him.
"Right... yeah. Suki... hey, thanks for what you did. It was brave – and it made the difference, yeah." John told the girl. She smiled shyly and ducked her head – not, John was happy to note, with admiration for him, but pride in herself. “Do you think she has keys for downstairs?” John asked gesturing at the American Alpha doctor with his chin. “Or him?” He meant the Beta he’d beaten unconscious.
"Excellent!" I left her dialing Owen Hughes and made my way downstairs. I found the butler's parlour easily – it appeared it was used as an office for the household staff. I had several calls to make before speaking to Owen Hughes.
He watched conflicting emotions cross Shane's face - he was hurt, that was clear, but there was also humor, self-depreciation and other more complicated feelings. "I'm not going to lie and say I'm happy about this." Shane said. "But it's not fatal. I've never been a stickler for monogamy. I generally prefer that we come to an agreement about it beforehand - but I did tell you to do it." He smiled wryly.
“I used to do this for Jim.” Moran said, still manipulating John’s penis expertly. “He needed… intense experiences. Very intense. He bored so easily.” John was full hard now. “Mm, you ARE a big boy. I wouldn’t have guessed.” Moran’s eyes flicked over John contemptuously and then he turned away.
"Calm down, Bruno, I have people watching him. They would have contacted me immediately if Moran had approached John - or if he did anything out of the ordinary."
As if he knew Sherlock’s thoughts – and he must, well enough, through the link – John’s arms tightened around him and he kissed his jaw. Sherlock turned his head and caught John’s lips and they kissed, John so tender with him, worshiping his lips and teeth and tongue…
Dad was always 'joking' about Mum. John couldn't remember a time his Dad wasn't mockingly dismissive of her opinions, her actions and her decisions. He once told John that Mum had an 'ungrateful attitude.' John had believed him – Mum was always upset about something. Dad would buy her delicate dresses and expensive bags. Instead of thanking him and ooo-ing over the lovely thing, she'd ask where Dad expected her to wear it. She hadn't wanted Dad to get John the rugby boots – she thought they were too expensive for someone his age. He would grow out of them too quickly (he had). But at six, John didn't comprehend the extravagance. He only knew that Mum's disapproval tainted his father's amazing gift.
“I know, Sherlock.” Mycroft sighed. “I tried to get you out sooner. It’s ... it’s harder than you think to send a military force into another country... even a stealth team... and when we couldn’t locate you... we thought you’d been moved from the prison...” He slumped in his chair. “I failed you. I’m.... I’m sorry.”
"Of course I'll help, Sherlock. Why are we talking about Moriarty? I thought we were going to talk about us."
Cam shook my hand too, his limp fingers icy. “Good to see you again, John.” He said, his voice flat.
"I need to speak to Geraint." I went right to business – the memory of John's face when he caught us kissing... I never wanted to see John look like that again. "Do you know where he is?"
John had doubted his abilities after losing his hand but Sherlock had never doubted John. He had suspected Angus of the murders – it was the time it took to discover Simon Fraser that was the clue, Church knew the deceased Fraser didn't need care and he hadn't wanted to be the one to find him dead, so the body had lain there for hours. Unfortunately, (or fortunately, depending on your perspective) the nurse had been smart enough to stop killing as soon as he realized who Sherlock was.
“Your nose is beautiful.” I insisted. “I love nothing better than waking up to see your nose.... and your upper lip, right here...” I pressed my lips to the area under his nose.
Which reminded him – Sherlock was still MIA. The ward had grown dark and silent while John had studied the reports.
John grabbed his file and leafed through it. He found the coroner’s report and began reading. “It’s not as straightforward. His hormones suggest pregnancy, but his uterus doesn’t.”
Rammstein was a kaleidoscope of activity – shining lights and motion in the darkness. I couldn’t sleep through it, but I curled on my cot and let it all happen. The morphine drip had stopped, and that worried me, but I wasn’t in pain yet and I felt confident of my ability to bully more from the doctors.
I returned to the closet – there were three more rolled futons. I pulled another out and dragged it on top of the first.
Shane was crouching behind a closet door – between the open door and the wall. He could see out – which meant that he must be visible to anyone glancing his way. His hiding place wasn’t supposed to be hard to find.
Sherlock’s quiet tone seemed to catch John off guard. He rubbed his face tiredly. “Sit down.” He said, gesturing to the couch. “Do you want to take that stuff off your face? I feel like I’m talking to Mycroft.”
Suddenly there was a commotion. “What’s going on here!?” Called a stentorian voice with a flat American accent. There were screams from some of the Omegas and a scramble away from the voice. Arabella squeaked in alarm – Suki had a hand over the girl’s mouth and was pulling her down under the gurney in an instant.
"No one knows we're looking for a murderer – just the three of us and your friend Angus." Sherlock said. "We've kept it quiet."
“Dr. Watson had a rough time in recovery.” The nurse supplied. “He’s probably not feeling too hot right now.” She set a bottle of ginger ale and a glass on the rolling table within John’s reach. “Do you want me to pour? No? Try to sleep.” She said and left.
Harry lived with a Beta woman now. Clara was a nurse 25 years her senior. She was kind to Harry, and that’s all John wanted. He rarely saw Harry now, when he did, she was drenched in scent suppressant, drunk, and wearing a heat harness under an oversized jumper.
I never saw him again. We had no last words, no last moment together. He simply sat in a chair wearing his pants and an unbuttoned shirt, staring at the floor, whilst I dressed.
Mycroft smirked dutifully. “Sherlock said he’ll apologise to Jim this evening. I spoke with Moriarty briefly – he’s very understanding. He just wants what’s best for Sherlock.”
“And you.” Sherlock murmured. John’s fingers stroked his bond bite and Sherlock felt calm and loved. The turmoil he felt from his Alpha stilled for a moment.
“Oh, fuck no!” Sherlock gasped. Lestrade felt Mycroft’s attention — and his own — snap back to his brother.
When I think back about that time – and I do think about it relentlessly, trying to pinpoint what I missed, what I should have done differently – when I think back, the day Moriarty was acquitted is the first thing that comes to mind.
“Yes, sir.” I turned in that direction, but the young soldier grabbed me. “You can’t, sir! The medical team is gone – you won’t make it to the yard alone! Even if you do, you won’t get there before the helicopter leaves. You have to come with us, sir.”
Mycroft laughed bitterly. “Yes. Sherlock used cocaine now and again – when he wanted someone to think he was anything other than a strung-out junkie.”
I don't know why you are different from the other people I have cared about. You simply are. I was never tempted sexually by The Woman, but watching YOU make tea fills me with desire. It's not rational, how much I want make you smile, see you happy. It's not rational how much I desire to touch you, to feel your skin under my fingers...
Sherlock picked out the supplies and steadied John with his other hand. They walked the eight steps to the toilet together.
“OK.” I didn’t like the way Sherlock was trembling all of a sudden, the shallowness of every rapid breath.
"Oh, erm, no... Taz used GBH sometimes... recreationally..." The big man shook off his melancholy. "Sherlock hasn't regained consciousness?"
He signed up for the after-school Alpha program – Alphas teaching Alphas to control themselves. There he'd met adults who
John watched his Omega don his coat with a dramatic swirl. Sherlock looked at him briefly with burning eyes, then ran out of the flat, down the stairs and through the street door.
“I’ll never tell.” I breathed. I could feel his erect cock against my thigh. I sank to my knees and unfastened John’s trousers as quickly as I could.
It was different than the biological imperative of heat… pushing Sherlock down onto the bed didn’t carry that heady, powerful feeling he’d had then. John wasn’t the most virile Alpha in the world, he was just a man.
John relaxed, letting his breathing slow and eyes close. A kip after sex was always welcome. Moreso with his lover in his arms. He was on the edge of sleep when Sherlock spoke again.
Sherlock felt everything that John was feeling – powerful and triumphant, his orgasm like electricity, shocking and jolting under his skin. John's seed gushed inside him, swamping his womb. And he wanted it, wanted his Alpha's semen so badly! Every fresh spurt was pure bliss. Sherlock felt pleasure possessing John, rocking him, from his curling toes to his prickling scalp, every cell in his body was full, filled, fulfilled – this was John's purpose, this Omega completed the Alpha… nothing existed outside of their carnal cocoon...
“Wait.” I turned back and noticed that Victor had a bottle of whisky and a glass. “I suppose he’s told you about us.”
Lestrade laughed at him, extinguishing the cigarette against the outside wall and dropping it out the window. He set down his whisky and closed the sash. “Cold out.” He mumbled. He turned back to Mycroft and used the taller man’s lapel to tug him closer. He kissed him, and Mycroft responded immediately, the hand unburdened with whisky finding Lestrade’s waist. “Wanna see my Hockney?”
“It’s just... you’re a doctor. And you were in Afghanistan, you’ve seen... terrible things, I’m sure.”
Maybe, if he were allowed to leave here alive, he'd write about her. Would she allow it? Would she cooperate, telling him stories of past exploits that he could lightly fictionalize... it would be a sensational book.
"Because it's what I do. This man..." Sherlock gestured at the corpse. "... has died in suspicious circumstances. The pleurisy wasn't life-threatening, he was on the mend, yet he died overnight. He died and no one noticed. I expect that's not how things normally go here."
Lestrade ignored the jibe. “I saw the video. You picked John out of that riot. How did you know? How did you know it would work out with him?”
He glanced into John's room. Shane was sitting on the bed – in the same place Sherlock had sat when John kissed him – with his forehead pressed against John's, their arms around each other. He could hear them speaking softly. Shane knew how to give John what he needed. Sherlock had never felt so ambivalent – truly grateful that John had someone so good for him on one hand, insane with jealousy on the other.
"Mid-forties, quite tan. Very fit. He was wearing a watch cap pulled down low, but he had blonde eyebrows, so she thought he was blonde."
Sherlock approved of her no-nonsense approach – and that she credited John with having the knowledge and experience a military doctor would have. She had asked how he would care for the wound, starting a conversation between equals, one in which she learned some things from him as well as vice versa. That did more for John's self-esteem than all of Phil's gold stars.
John didn’t linger there. He tugged me under the shower again, rinsing me thoroughly. He had me sit on the edge of the tub and poured a dollop of shampoo from the tiny bottle that came with the shower. He lathered my stubbled fuzz, tracing the cut over my ear with his fingers. He was extremely gentle, and I knew he saw that it was still bruised and a little swollen.
“‘Caring is not an advantage.’" Sherlock taunted. "It’s practically Mummy’s motto. I thought you’d embraced it wholeheartedly.”
The passage wended its way between the walls of the old mansion to a stairwell. Sherlock followed Moran down. It took them to a small room with five doors. One was for the stair they had just descended, one Sherlock recognized as the elevator in which he'd been brought into the house - which meant the door opposite was the tunnel to the parking garage. That left two doors. Moran pulled out a key and unlocked one of them and held it open for Sherlock.
No, that's not true. The first thing I felt was shock. The shock of something unexpected... yet unsurprising. The shock of discovering the momentous. The shock of realising your life is about to change in unknowable ways.
Startled, Sherlock turned to look at John – the fury in his eyes was shocking. "No... John, it's not..."
I forced that from my brain. We would find him and get him back to Wallog. Then I could treat him if need be. He would be OK.
He still felt calmer – the jittery, nauseating rage had dissipated – but sleep was elusive. All his questions going round and round through his mind: why? Why!? John didn't even really care how, just WHY!?
“Mike.” He said. “Put the guns down on the bar carefully.” John’s guy got wiggly so he had to shove him against the wall again and punch him a few more times. Another man stepped up to help, putting his hand on the back of the man's neck and throwing his weight against him. “Let’s get him down on the floor.” John said. He twisted the thief’s arm savagely and he and his helper got him down with a minimum of fuss.
As he unlocked the last door, an alarm sounded. “That’ll be the police.” John announced before panic could set in. “Time to go – Alfred, Birgit, Suki, bring up the rear, yeah? Make sure no one gets left behind. All right let’s go.” John, helping a still-unsteady Molly, started down the main stairwell – it was wider, and John wanted the group out of this house and securely with the police as quickly as possible.
Shane slowly started to feel warmer. His shivering ceased and he drank the juice they gave him. But the better he felt, the more he dreaded what was to come – an awful hospital waiting room or worse, a chair in John’s room where he would watch his lover lay unconscious…
We saw each other almost every day. Then I started sneaking out at night to be with him. We would make love until just before dawn – when I'd run home before mummy and father woke up.
John scoffed, but only very slightly. I smiled into his palm. “I love the callouses right here.” I said kissing the tips of his fingers. “And your wrist where I can feel your pulse.” I closed my eyes to savour the sensation of John’s beating heart through my lips. I tugged at his dressing gown and laid little kisses across the bullet scar on his shoulder. “This is beautiful.” I said.
"Can you spot me to the bog?" John asked softly. "I can walk, but my balance isn't 100 percent right now. I need to take this bloody catheter out."
That thought made me shiver. I HAD to protect John. To do that, I couldn't have the distraction of our stunted love affair. I had to talk to John, convince him to pretend none of this had ever happened until Moriarty was either in prison or dispatched some other way. Then he could move out or I would, whatever he wanted. I would deal with my heartbreak then.
“You’re in a good mood today.” John had observed one afternoon. “Again.” He had appeared behind me, laid his hand on my shoulder and leaned down to kiss me.
I left through the alley, careful not to jostle the bins, and – whilst attempting to look about surreptitiously to spot a tail – painstakingly walked heel-to-toe in as straight a line as possible. I hoped a finicky walk would be enough.
My mouth hung open like a fish gasping for oxygen as I tried to process his words. I had not expected this, I was shocked, completely shocked... yet I didn't feel surprised. I felt... I didn't know how I felt! Of course I loved him – he was my closest friend. Sherlock had saved me from the ennui that had started to kill me...
John was silent for a moment. “I don’t like fighting with you either.” He said softly. “We need to learn to talk to each other... instead of bottling things up until they explode. And we have to listen.”
John set his laptop and drink on the desk under the window then sat on the bed, his hand resting lightly on my knee. "I kept it for you." He said. "I wanted to have it all for when you came home... for now. But to everyone else, you're dead... I couldn't live in a mausoleum, surrounded by everything of yours, when I was supposed to be grieving." He squeezed my leg. "Before I knew you hadn't died, I was ready to move out entirely. I couldn't bear to be here without you."
Shane obeyed looking furious that he'd let Sherlock goad him into the physical confrontation. Sherlock dropped the carnivorous grin and looked at John expressionlessly.
“Finally!” Sherlock shouted and Shane heard him release his seat belt and open the door. He didn’t wait, Shane heard Sherlock’s receding voice demanding information.
She put her hands on my abdomen, saying something about ‘malnourishment,’ then palpitated my organs. I gasped at the sudden pain. “Something going on there.” She muttered, making notes. She continued to touch my belly, but more gently. “Contusions... possible internal bleeding. Prep some O negative.”
“Moriarty.” Sherlock confessed. “Soon he'll be finished with the games. I’m… I’m afraid of what he’ll do – what he’ll
“I’m yours…” Mycroft blinked and a look of cautious wonder overtook his face. “Yes, yes, quite acceptable.
“Call me if John needs anything.” She’d said, unperturbed, and made her way back to her own apartment.
“On the street, actually. He needed some help, I was able to give it… things went from there…. erm… very quickly.”
Breathing shallowly through his mouth – though he knew the Omega’s pheromones would affect him just the same – John carefully approached the young man. He trembled still, fear radiating from his slim form. John braced himself against the wall and once again interlocked his fingers, offering his hands. The Omega stepped into his hands and as John thrust upward, placed his other foot onto John’s shoulder. John wobbled but grasped the young man’s ankle and held him fast, keeping him from falling into the crowded alley below.
The relief was overwhelming. John shuddered and sobbed, choking on it. "I'm sorry." He managed. "I didn't mean to drive them away."
I was sitting on one of the legless chairs, stretching my own legs under the low table and out the other side. I had put Puccini on the record player in the corner, I didn’t have my violin – hadn’t in over a year – so I was settling for listening to opera. I wished I couldn’t understand the Italian, it would have been more enjoyable...
"Not my fist, if that's what you're implying!" For the first time, John felt cross with Angus' sense of humor.
John reached out and touched Sherlock's chest, his fingers playing lightly over the fabric of his shirt, feeling the warmth of the body inside. The touch rooted Sherlock in place, his strange, silver eyes glued to John, round with wanting.
"Yes. She was magnificent. A worthy exception." Moran pressed the button for the second floor and turned towards Sherlock. He was very close in the small space. "What about you, Sherlock? Men? Women?"
“We’ll see how it affects you this time. The dose is pretty low.” Sherlock said, examining John’s chart.
The person – his captor, a man – laughed and John felt the lash again. He was more prepared this time and managed to stifle his cry. The man started to lay into John’s arse, delivering blow after blow with the crop. It was excruciating. He clamped his teeth closed, but grunts and moans from the pain escaped regardless. He couldn’t help but to try and wriggle away from the beating and found himself laying on his side again.
consent.” Sherlock told him flatly. “You’re too old. Your parents were Betas. You’re male. And, given your job, it’s obvious don’t know your place. My mother is many things, but unbiased is not one of them.” Sherlock took in Lestrade’s posture. “You beat the system, Lestrade. Don’t ruin it for yourself.” He turned back to the suppressants. “Come on. We have work to do."
“Well, you look lovely.” I told her. She squeezed my arm and I cleared my throat self-consciously. “How’s your cheek?” I asked. “Your eye?”
But I can't forget you, John. You occupy my thoughts day and night. You have settled in me like a malaise for which there is no cure. Nothing matters when I'm away from you – there's no point staying away, I'm more distracted now than I was when we were together. I'm coming home.
We got fish and chips to go and ate on a bench in a little park. I fed him salty chips every time he seemed to lose interest in his food.
Sherlock made it to the outskirts of the city and left the lorry, thanking the beta driver profusely to throw off Mycroft. He hid himself in the back of a moving van for a ride into the heart of London. Sherlock had a bolt-hole in Camden that his nosy brother didn’t know about – it was in a CCTV dead zone – and he planned to hole up there until his blasted heat was over. He would handcuff himself to the iron radiator to keep himself there when his biology tried to force him to seek out an Alpha, any Alpha, to assuage his suffering.
Shane made a show of unbuttoning his shirt and peeling it off. He wore nothing under it, his broad, bony chest, adorned with an abundance of curling chestnut fuzz, his large, brown nipples erect. He slowly unzipped his khaki trousers revealing the tented briefs beneath. He hooked his thumbs in the waistband and pushed them down together, his firm prick springing free. He bent over to take them off.
He couldn’t stop thinking about the way Sherlock had looked at him when he had grabbed him by the throat and squeezed – John had watched him decide to stop struggling, to give in to John's fury, let it take him...
Mycroft was in the car that picked me up, but the car itself was not familiar. It was a silver Mercedes with tinted glass and a silently watchful driver with the bulge in his jacket I associated with a shoulder holster.
“Yes.” The detective said. John watched him leave feeling the roil of his frustration through their link.
– it didn’t matter if you saw through him or not. We’re marked for destruction, just like the bomb maker and his parents. He’ll attempt to kill us as soon as we stop amusing him.” Sherlock caught Mycroft’s expression before he smoothed it away. “What? What happened?”
The smuggler giggled with delight. “That was YOU, English? I heard about you! Cops find you covered in blood with a skinned corpse still screaming.”
"So you're what? Jesus bloody Christ?" Shane taunted. "What's it like up there on the cross?" Shane walked around the table, invading Sherlock's personal space.
that soulmates have a, ehm… sexual relationship… I would never presume — in fact, I believe my brother and John have never shared a bed…”
Mycroft appeared to have no answer for that. He gazed around the large room again, the lounge delineated by a gray rug, the black dining table and its silver chairs standing solemnly, architectural in their simplicity. “I’ve seen your office, Lestrade…”
“I know.” Mary assured me. “That’s what I’m saying. I wouldn’t have invited you here if I thought you were interested... but you’ve been nothing but a perfect gentleman, John. You make me feel comfortable. I appreciate that almost as much as the rescue.”
“Of course.” John leaned up and kissed the taller man, pressing against his long body, tugging his collar to pull him closer. They lingered over the kiss.... with a sigh John stepped back. “Where are you going?” He asked.
John would be overcome by the sight of this impossible, lustful, gorgeous creature using his body for pleasure and John would climax. He would cum inside Sherlock, feeling it, sticky and warm, running down his bollocks as it leaked from Sherlock's tight arse. His orgasmic spasms would thrust his cock even deeper inside Sherlock and he would shout his pure joy as he shuddered and shot, the waves of pleasure crashing through him... Sherlock would collapse on his chest, spent and sweaty. John would hold him, tightly, tenderly. Sherlock would kiss him lazily and whisper against his cheek, "I love you, my dearest John. I'll never leave you, I'll never hurt you..."
But Sherlock realized he had no pride, not where John was concerned. He let John kiss him – no, he kissed John, pulling him close and losing track of where his tongue stopped and John's began. Fuck, he wanted this man! He'd wanted him from the moment he'd set eyes on the wounded soldier standing with quietly desperate dignity in his lab. Sherlock hadn't been able to admit this desire to himself, but he'd been unable to stop himself bringing John along to crime scenes, showing off for him...
I’d always been vulnerable with John. I’d hidden it, masked it behind scorn and arrogance, but it had always been there for John. Now...now I didn’t have to hide.
“John!” Sherlock grabbed my shoulders, shaking me in the process. “You’re being stupid. I would love nothing more than to tell everyone – I’d shout it from the rooftops! I hardly believe it myself – that you want me – John, I’m so happy and... proud...”
After the library it was late. Sherlock again went by Baker Street, cautiously checking to see if Moran were watching the flat. Again, the flat was dark and the street empty. Where was John? With the boyfriend? Sherlock hadn't had a chance to look into HIM yet.
“Whatever happens, I’m here.” He whispered. “They can’t separate us without hurting you. And they won’t scare me away.” John pressed a kiss to the bond bite on Sherlock’s neck, tracing the familiar pattern of his teeth with his lips – his gran had told him that you could always tell that an Omega had been bred against his or her will if the bond bite was ragged. The bite he’d given Sherlock was perfect. The wound was deep, but it was healing quickly – the scar would be flawless. “I feel how much you want to believe in me and how much you don’t – how you don’t dare let yourself. But you’ll see. You can trust me, Sherlock. I won’t let you down.”
"I don't know what to DO with it. I know he thinks he's in love with me. But I don't feel... capable... of giving him what he wants. I have too much else on right now."
Sherlock nodded and watched Shane go back in with John. Angus Church was by the nurse's station with his coat on. He saw Sherlock loitering and came over.
“I don’t know... Sherlock?” There was still astonishment in his voice, but also a warning – John’s temper was rising.
“My office is cluttered with files and paperwork and all sorts of shite. Stuff just seems to stick to my desk… I don’t want that where I live. Cigarette?”
Dusette was already pulling her phone out. "Yes, I can see Dr. Watson does not feel his best. I call my people – they will take him for care."
But he was still painfully thin, his jutting clavicles just visible in the open collar of his pyjamas, his cheeks hollow. His face and neck were bruised, one eyelid swollen, his bottom lip split. Some of the bruises on his neck looked disturbingly like fingerprints, as if someone had throttled him. And there were bruised track marks on both his wrists. It took little imagination to know they traveled up his arms.
Without thinking, Shane stepped out from behind the door, yanked the pistol from Moran’s trousers, flicked off the safety and fired.
The former marine showed her training, pressing him hard, kicking out. John deflected, but barely, jabbing at her face. She ducked away easily.
He let John lead him to the loo where they stripped each other and climbed under the spray. John washed Sherlock thoroughly, lathering soap and running his hands over his slippery-wet skin, turning him around and cleaning his back, his arse and his legs.
To the people following this series, I can't tell you how much I appreciate it! There might only be five of you, but you make my day!
The swelling had gone down, his cock and balls normally sized again, but black with subcutaneous bleeding – it extended down his thighs, striped with pale rope burns. He looked like some sort of half-zebra creature, alien to his own eyes.
“I’m NOT planning to leave. And I never intended to tell you. I never thought...the last thing I expected was for you to want this... me.”
Sherlock started to giggle drunkenly and Lestrade poked him. “Shut it, Jimmy.” He said but giggled along.
What do you think? Is Mary an innocent? Is she falling for John? Or is she Moriarty’s creature, in league with Moran?
"You're telling me to make a run for it? To get Victor and get out of here before the police arrive? You think I'm stupid? There's no time for any of that. There's only time for revenge." In one movement, Gereth put the barrel of the gun more securely against his shoulder and sighted me. I tensed for the shot, wondering if I could survive a direct hit from the buckshot...
Sherlock's hand on his shoulder brought him out of his reverie. John washed his hand – it was awkward one-handed – and picked up a glove. He held it out to Sherlock. "Could you?" John asked tightly.
A man vindictive enough to want to punish the Omega for running away with a violent death. A man uncaring enough to conscript innocent bystanders through their biology into a savage mob with the Omega as its focal point.
he’s addicted to heroin. The last time... detoxing wasn’t... pleasant. I think he’s afraid to let you see him in that state ...”
Mary smiled to herself, satisfied with the memory of her accomplishment. “Marcas was very pleased. We had proseco with dinner.”
“My guardian,” Sherlock said. “Was my brother. He and my mother – whom you have all met – chose a mate for me. I expected that... I was raised knowing a mate would be chosen for me. I came here and met him… but as soon as I scented him, I knew I could never bond with him. His scent… it was
Their eyes met, John's hooded, Shane's bright and open. It took a long moment before John reluctantly nodded. Shane smiled just slightly and started unbuttoning John's shirt. He allowed it but his muscles buzzed with tension. Shane's touch was light, gentle, but John still started when he moved to push the shirt from his shoulders. John forced himself to relax enough for Shane to remove his shirt.
Grunting, she got her other foot against John’s chest and shoved hard, breaking his hold. John cursed aloud, but before she completely regained her feet he pressed his advantage with a roundhouse kick and a jab. The kick caught her on the chin, but she recovered in time to deflect his jab. She bore down on him with a flurry of punches. John deflected and blocked, but she was relentless, a juggernaut of fists and kicks. He took a hard right hook on the side of his head, and the unexpected force made John stagger. He crouched down, one leg extended behind him to keep his balance.
I grinned ferally. “You’ve got it Pete Tong.” I said, the rhyming slang for ‘wrong.’ “Seb, mate, that wasn’t Sherlock in the Tommy Trinder.”
I also practiced with the knives. I needed to use them deftly, as if I had been butchering animals since childhood. It was boring. But mistakes in America would not be boring – they would be much too interesting for my taste.
He has displayed nothing but asexuality. People try to chat him up and he either ignores it or purposely misunderstands. He doesn’t even seem notice when other people assume that he and I are a couple. I can protest until I’m blue in the face, he can’t even be bothered to acknowledge it. It’s infuriating sometimes, but it’s Sherlock.
John didn’t slow – he fucked his mate with singular focus, bruising his hips with his fingers – for a long moment, the only thing that existed was his mate’s scent, his mate’s pleasure, his mate's impossibly tight passage, his mate’s fertile body beneath his thrusting cock… John’s knot swelled round and huge, flushing his system with testosterone and endorphins. He was mighty! He had won this Omega! He claimed this Omega. He had prevailed! John shoved his growing knot inside his mate and fit his teeth against the scar on the back of Sherlock’s neck. He bit down, and his Omega convulsed with the pleasure of being claimed once again by his Alpha, by John.
“You smell safe.” Molly told him. “Not just because you’re bonded. I’m glad Sherlock has a good mate.”
“Sherlock! Sherlock…” John said urgently. When his mate’s eyes focussed, he went on. “Dr. Mahon and Virginia Hooper are here. Something’s happened to Molly.”
Sherlock set that aside - along with everything else that wouldn't help him get John back. "Ok - today, what else did he do?"
“Let’s lie down.” John said. “We’ll be joined until the knot diminishes. That can take up to an hour.”
“No.” John finally started feel the effects of the morphine, his pain drifting away… along with his resolve. “Are they still here?”
John pulled me down onto his chest and stroked my back – I felt tense immediately, knowing what he was feeling there. I steeled myself for his reaction, his shock and anger. But it didn’t come. “Hush, love.” He murmured into my hair. “You’re here. That’s... that’s everything, Sherlock. Be here with me.”
John dutifully pulled his hand out from under the blanket and presented it to her. She ignored the striping bruises down his arm and the bandages that covered the wounds on is wrist and focused on is fingers. She pinched his little finger.
