Castiel was silent for a while, sipping on his drink. He seemed to think for quite some time before he nodded.
They hadn’t told Castiel to dress in any particular way so they had to expect the worst, according to Dean. They honked in front of the store and shortly after, Castiel left the house armed with an, admittedly, nice sweater and some work pants. In his hand were three flower crowns with various flowers embedded into them.
“Okay,” he said to Cas. “I’m going to light one blade of grass on fire, nothing else. This is way more difficult than lighting a wick.”
She sighed, but ultimately didn’t disagree. That was something, at least. Sam grabbed his bracelet – he had to wear one so that everybody knew he was a magic-student. He hated that thing. Back in the day, they had needed to have tattoos, but that knowledge didn’t make him like the stupid thing any better. It felt like a stain.
Up in the air, legs dangling down, Dean tangles one foot around Cas’ ankle and laughs giddily to himself. This was the most surreal and yet the most real thing he had ever done.
All the sleepiness that had crept into their bones over the course of the day was suddenly forgotten as they entered their room. Dean hadn’t even closed the door when Cas was already tearing at his clothes, lips searching for their counterparts in the dark. “Easy, tiger”, Dean huffed locking the door and dropping the keys on the sideboard next to him. The metal landed loudly in the porcelain bowl, a clank piercing through the quiet night. Heat was pooling in Dean’s stomach and he could hardly control his body twitching and the rapid movements of his hands as he turned to face Cas. Longing eyes bored through the dark, electrifying the air around them. Restless hands wandered over dark silhouettes, feverishly tracing each nick and nip of the other’s body. No longer able to withhold his lust, Cas caught Dean’s mouth in a wet and hungry kiss. Licking over the slightly chapped lips of his spouse, sucking at the bottom one just the tiniest bit longer until he heard Dean groan into him. Hot air filled his lungs and all thought has left his consciousness. Consumed with the sensation of Dean’s mouth on his, Castiel’s hands settled on his hips, pressing his fingers into his flesh. He felt Dean growing more erratic, his hips convoluting towards him and shaking with the attempt to restrain himself. Dean cupped Cas’ face, keeping him steady between his palms. Thumbs brushing over his cheeks, leaving no space to break away. He wanted him, all of him, now, and Cas felt it. Stumbling and panting heavily, they made their way towards the bed, moving as one. Dean’s hands never leaving Castiel’s face. Only when Cas’ calves hit the wooden frame did Dean let go to guide them safely onto the mattress. Their kisses were still long and sloppy, dragging out and out until Dean needed to catch air. Cas laid flat on his back, his legs dangling off the bed. Pressed flushed onto him, Dean let his hands travel the length of Cas’ arms. They should’ve undressed before lying down. Tearing himself off his angel he shook out of his own jacket and threw it on the floor. Cas caught his train of thought and shifted to wiggle out of his jacket as well. It crumbled beneath him; he didn’t care to put it aside. Dean was about to haul himself out of his shirt as well when Cas stopped him with swift hands. “No,”, his voice was raw and laced with desire. He sat up straighter making Dean straddle him in the process. His hands settled on Dean’s thighs for a moment. They were fleshy but firm beneath the fabric. Now that his eyes were accustomed to the dark his gaze lingered on Dean on his lap who stared at him, eyes wide with longing. Slowly he lifted his hands and started unbuttoning the shirt, maintaining as much body contact as possible. Dean’s eyes fell to determined hands moving over his shirt, popping each button free. He swallowed thickly, everything seemed to turn him on right now. As Cas reached the last one, his pressed his fingers into Dean’s abdomen and he caught his mouth again in a kiss. He could make that last forever. Peeling out of his shirt, Dean didn’t break the kiss and as soon as his hands were free, they landed on Cas’ face again, pressing their mouths so close together it almost hurt. With the kiss, the grinding returned, and Dean unashamedly trusted into Cas’ lap moving in slow but pronounced motions. Cas hitched underneath him, clutching at his hips and digging blunt fingernails into the white singlet that Dean was still wearing. Tiny soft moans broke free from their lips as Dean’s movement grew faster. “Dean”, Cas breathed into his mouth, hardly able to form a word. “We still…need to”, he tugged at Dean’s singlet, hoping that the gesture translated his thought. Dean nodded against his face, his eyes were still closed, fingers still pressed against his cheeks. Cas pulled up the singlet, parting their lips to haul it over Dean’s head and then Dean’s fingers pulled at the buttons on Cas’ shirt, impatiently tearing the fabric on each side, ripping it open. Rough fingers hoisted the shirt and the singlet underneath over Cas’ head in one messy motion. Finally, free from too many layers separating them, Cas flung his arms around Dean’s neck and the other must have felt likewise because Dean pressed Castiel back down, chest to chest. As Dean moved on top of him, Castiel could tell he was half-hard already, his cock twitching on his thigh. Panting against him, Dean’s hands found Cas’ wrists and pinned his arms above his head, constantly grinding into him. Cas felt his own cock swelling in his pants, stretching against his briefs and precum gathering at his tip. The fraction of Dean’s crotch against his was mind-numbing. When their cocks touched through the fabric it sent jolts of need through Castiel and he wanted to beg Dean to undress further, to tear those pants off him.
Dumbfounded, Dean just stared for a solid second before nodding. “I... eh, yeah. I hope that’s okay?”
They were still beautiful. He’d put them here over a week ago and sort of forgot about them; and they’re still beautiful. Dean grabbed his umbrella tighter and bent down to take a closer look. Sure, they didn’t look as pristine as they did when he bought them, but considering the circumstances they could still win a beauty-contest. Did flowers have beauty-contests? He thought about that for awhile. Were there tiny flower bikinis? Dean snorted and looked at the gravestone.
Sorry, this took so long, I was finishing my master thesis and of course, I forgot about what time is and when I wanted to upload. But here you go. I hope you enjoy the last chapter. <3
Castiel looks at him with dark eyes, full of lust and desire and Dean can’t quite help but get swept up in the knowledge that those eyes were direct at him. Castiel wanted him just as bad as he wanted Cas.
The night is young, and Dean waits a few moments to let Cas enjoy the spectacle without any interruption. He had nestled into Dean’s side, leaning against his left arm and mindlessly tracing his fingers over Dean’s exposed underarms.
Needless to say, Dean thought about it a lot and was very much excited to actually propose. The only problem had been the
“I’m sorry, Dean”, Cas purrs, leaning forward and pulling his fiancé into a kiss. Whispering against his lips. “I was just really confused as to why you would pick this particular ring. But I know now, and I will be thrilled to wear it every day.”
This was supposed to be only three chapters long, to be super poetic and keeping it with the Truly Madly Deeply theme but now there will be a fourth chapter, well, it is what it is. Have fun!
“Anything you like?”, he asked, and Dean stared at the selection of rings on the countertop, shrugging.
Now, Dean sits on the couch, nerves strung so tight he feels like he might snap. His fingers fidget with the metal band, warm to his touch. Cas wanted to go see the town’s fair tonight and it was like right out of one of those YA novels Jack had gotten into lately, so Dean took it as a sign. Only the thought of Cas’ face illuminated by the lampions and multicoloured fairy lights made his heart jump.
Cas had slept through the night. Tenderly, he reached out a finger and brushed the black hair to the side. How stunning he looked. “What?”, Cas asked quiet, struggling to wake up. “We slept through, we have to get up now, sweetheart.”, Dean’s voice was soft and warm. A smile danced on his lips and was mirrored in his eyes. With his index finger, he stroked Cas’ cheek, feeling the tiny stubble on his jawline. “Come on. Up you go.”, he bent down and kissed Cas’ dry lips. The other kissed him back, fingers clinging to his shirt. “What time is it?”, Cas asked confused and yawned. “Too late, for Mr Samuel Morning Run.”, Dean replied, cynically. Cas propped himself up and leaned against the wooden bed frame. Then, like a cloud that had lifted, his eyes went wide. “I slept!”, he exclaimed, in shock. “Yep.”, Dean said, slipping into his jeans. “But I don’t sleep.”, one could almost see the wheels turning behind Cas’ forehead. “Why was I asleep?”, he asked irritation growing stronger with each syllable. “You tell me.”, Dean raised an eyebrow as he threw Cas’ jacket on the bed. Cas sat up, crossed-legged on the bed, contemplating. Was this just another aspect of his changing powers? Like the cold, he could feel now. Cas felt the mattress give in as Dean sat down next to him. “Hey, listen. We don’t know what
she signed back. Dean thought it was great that Jack learned how to use silent language. The talking paired with the hand movement seemed to tire them out sometimes, which with Jack’s endless enthusiasm was a good thing, especially for Dean, especially in the morning. “Good morning”, Jack greeted them loudly when they saw Cas and Dean come in. Dean just nodded, making a beeline to the coffee pot. “Morning Jack.”, Cas smiled and patted their shoulder on his way to Dean and the coffee. “Morning,”, Sam shouted, busy with the pans in his hand. The morning went by slowly, all of them around the counter, too lazy to move into the living area. Jack excused themselves saying they had a phone-date with Kaya at some point and Sam and Eileen suddenly looked expectantly at Dean and Cas. Instantly suspicion grew in Dean. “What?”, he looked tentatively at Sam. “What what?”, Sam smiled, playing innocent. “I know these…
“I like the song”, Cas whispered against Dean’s neck and the skin tingled where his breath touched it. “It’s a good song.”, Dean agreed, rubbing his thumbs over Castiel’s back. “I like you more, though.”, Cas continued, and Dean could feel him blushing next to him. “I like you more, too.”, Dean chuckled and kissed his hair. “This dancing is only half as bad, as I expected.”, Cas mused and pressed himself flush to Dean. “Yeah, but they’re still dicks for doing this to us.”, Dean sounded grumpy, but Cas knew he didn’t mean it. The song closed and there was another round of applause and hooting. “Yeah, yeah, yeah”, Dean pulled out of the embrace with Castiel, red in the face and acting annoyed. “Now, get on the fuckin’ floor or get me a drink.” Laughter followed that statement and Garth appeared with two tumblers of whiskey in his hands. “As you wish, big man.”, he winked and placed the drinks in their hands respectively. The music rose louder and soon the floor was filled with couples and lone dancers moving like no one was watching.
“Cas. I never thought I would be here.”, he read the wonky handwriting, his voice grew weary, fearing that he might put himself out there too much. “I never thought I would get married, or honestly live ‘til the age of forty.”, he laughed even though he knew it wasn’t a laughing matter. “When I thought about my future it was always hunting and surviving. It was about making it through to the next mess.”, he paused to catch a glimpse of Cas who was wiping at his puffy eyes, lips agape and pink and perfect. “For the most part of my life, I was ashamed and afraid. Not only for what I thought I did wrong but also because of who I was. I drowned most of this in booze and work, so I didn’t have to face it. But deep down I always knew something was different with me. Something I couldn’t tell dad, something that I felt like I couldn’t tell anyone. And then you appeared. With thunder and literal sparks, which was kinda on the nose, to be honest, but, well, I didn’t catch it then.”, he winked and Castiel almost rolled his eyes but was too busy trying to keep his composure to risk it for that. From the benches came laughter and Dean glanced sideways, confidence bubbling up in his chest. His eyes glistened and a small but radiant smile pulled at the corners of his mouth. “And even though my first choice of action was to stab you with a knife, you didn’t back down. Since then, you rarely have backed down, which is one of the things I love about you most. You don’t give up on me, even when I give up on myself. You don’t falter, you don’t stop picking me up and putting me back together every time I mess up.”, his voice cracked, and the smile slowly faded as the impact of his words hit. Tears started to well up in his eyes, forcefully making their way up.  “I-”, Dean swallowed and cleared his throat, a single tear breaking free by the motion. “I never felt like I deserved anyone to do this for me. I never thought that I
Cas was lucky that he made it back into his room without anyone noticing. Searching for the little note he had written his vows on, he jerked up as a sharp knock on his door echoed through his room. Without waiting for an answer, Claire waltzed in. “Why are you still in here? Do you want to be too late to your own wedding so bad?”, she walked up to him, a stern look on her face. Cas flinched at her words, she was right. The guests were probably already seated, music playing and everyone waiting for them to go down the aisle. “Is Dean-”, Cas wanted to ask, but Claire cut him off: “Sam dragged his ass already to the entrance.” “Good.”, he answered, searching her eyes for signs if they knew what they had been up to. “Got your vows?”, she asked impatiently, tapping her foot on the wooden floor. But as he nodded hesitantly and held up a tiny piece of paper, her eyes grew warmer. “Nervous?”, her hand squeezed his arm lightly. “Yes.”, Cas admitted, his cheeks blushing. “I guess that’s normal.”, a small smiled tucked at the corner of her mouth and the dark eyeliner under her eyes stretched as the smile reached her eyes. “I am very happy for you. Both of you.”, her voice got a bit shaky and she cleared her throat in an attempt to cover the emotions rising up. “And if you ask me, I don’t think you have to be nervous. I think that this is the only right decision you two ever made in your whole life. Ever.”, she laughed, and it calmed Cas’ breath. “That’s a lot of life you’re talking about.”, he raised his eyebrows, but she just rolled her eyes. “I
It was time, Dean thought, his hands shaking more violently than he had anticipated. Sam stood next to him and even he looked tense. Second-hand nervousness, Dean guessed from the forced smile on Sammy’s face. Unconsciously his hand wandered up to his breast pocket again, touching the small flower and its soft petals to calm him down. Still there, everything was going to be fine, they were going to be fine. Hell, he had faced practically every evil thing in existence, he had faced
, he thought, this was his life and he was living it, what a lucky bastard he was. Cas and Dean moved in perfect unison. Rolling and ebbing with the moans and the groans of the other. Dean felt hot and unable to form another thought, he just kept thrusting into Cas. He felt whole. He never felt that way and he never had that with anyone else. But in the end, Cas had been with him through everything, through the good and the bad and the ugly. They have known each other for what? Twelve years? They saw the best and the worst of each other and they still stuck
It had been a quiet day in the bunker. Jack had gone out to Jody’s to hang out with the girls, Sam and Eileen were shopping and wouldn’t be back until later that evening. Cas and Dean were still unsure how to act around each other after their talk. All the fear and guilt they had been carrying for over a decade didn’t just vanish overnight. Since Dean had told Cas he loved him three days ago, they tiptoed around each other, clueless of how to deal with their feelings now that they were out in the open. Even though they spent most of their day together, searching for hunting jobs, cooking dinner or watching TV, they hadn’t
The song was playing but none of them was moving. Dean’s fingers were digging into the fabric of Cas’ suit, unsure how to proceed.
Next to him, Dean spreads out, feigning casualness and propping himself up on his elbows on each side. The lights start with thunder and howling and even from the detached position they choose you could hear the crowd cheer.
anything couple-y since. Maybe, because being around each other was so ordinary to them since they had been living with each other for so long, it felt weird to start doing things they hadn’t done before. Cas felt the urge to hug Dean more often but didn’t want to do anything prematurely. Maybe they just needed time to get used to the idea of them both as a couple. “Want a beer?”, Dean stuck his head in Cas’ room. Cas was tidying his things. He nodded and followed Dean out into the kitchen. “There is a Dr Sexy M.D. marathon on, wanna watch?”, he said casually. “Sure.”, came the short response. Cas’ shoulders tightened. They sat down; the series was already on. Dean opened their beers and held one out for Cas.  Their fingers brushed against each other, as they did so often the past couple of years, but this time it felt like an electric jolt went through Cas’ hand. He swallowed, his tongue feeling thick. Dean leaned back, settling into the couch, eyes fixed on the screen. Cas glanced at him, guiding his beer towards his lips and took a sip. He was beautiful, even in the most mundane setting. Dean Winchester, the man that loved him. His eyes flickered to the television. He had no idea what that series was about, the characters were foreign to him and their dynamics confusing. Trying to relax he nuzzled himself against the cushion. It was a start. When they finished their first beer, Dean got up and got two new ones from the kitchen. Cas watched his every move, his heart racing. He breathed in deeply to steady himself. Dean returned and set the bottle in front of Cas and sat down again. His arm came up on rested on the backrest of the couch. It looked inviting, but Cas didn’t dare to move. A few minutes passed and then Dean cleared his throat suddenly. “Well,”, he said the insecurity only barely hidden in his tone, his face still glued to the screen, “do you want to stay pressed to the corner all night. Or do you want to come here?” Cas’ eyes widened for a second, then, as if on autopilot, he moved closer to Dean. Carefully, he leaned against him, testing, feeling his way toward the warm body. Dean’s arm came down and curled around Cas, his hand landing on his hip. Breathing out, Cas surrendered completely and put his weight against Dean, pressing his cheek against Dean’s shoulder. It felt so strange, and yet as if he had always leaned against Dean like that. Hours past and Cas was now snuggled up against Dean, feeling safe and sound in the other man’s presence. He heard Dean mouthing some of the dialogue and smiled quietly to himself. Dean Winchester, his beautiful Dean.
“Not so much anymore. I can hardly stay awake for 48 hours and the last thing I could actually heal was a knee scraping. Because someone decided standing on tippy-toes on top of a chair to reach the top shelf was a good idea.”, he adds with a sour tone and now it’s Dean’s turn to roll his eyes.
. Dean knew Cas like nobody else, and Cas knew Dean like nobody else and their bodies just knew each other without even so much as a practice run. When Dean fucked Cas it was more than that. It was more than a physical sensation, more than getting off. He felt so close to Cas. Moving with him, breathing into him, feeling Cas wrapped around him.
with a smile. “Let’s get you to bed.”, he said, planting a kiss on Dean’s cheek. The B&B was small and cosy, rose-wallpaper covered the walls on the staircase, winding up with the white varnished bannister. Dean immediately let himself fall onto the bed, burying his face in the soft sheets. “Dean, shoes.”, Cas reminded him, putting down their bags on the chair next to the door. He could only hear muffled noises, which he assumed was a
“Wanna watch something else?”, Dean asked in and advert break. “No, it’s fine.”, Cas replied too content with himself. “Okay. But I could eat.” Cas heard himself groan, he didn’t want to move, he didn’t want to miss Dean’s warmth beside him, not even for a couple of minutes. Dean raised an eyebrow and shot him a look: “What?”. “Nothing,”, Cas replied embarrassed by his neediness. Dean smirked like a lion watching his prey. “You miss me already?”, he teased and Cas blushed. “No.”, he said shakily. “Well, you can come and help me cook, if you need my so desperately.”, he chuckled, and Cas wanted to vanish into thin air. “What do you want to eat?”, he asked to distract Dean. “I think we still have some pizza in the freezer.”, he said shrugging. He didn’t feel like cooking, he planned to be as quickly back on that couch as he could, even if he would never admit to that. Cas followed Dean into the kitchen and watched him take out the pizza and popping it into the oven, then turning on the heat, his back to him. Cas didn’t know what came over him, but he suddenly found himself behind Dean, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and pressing himself against him. Warmth greeting him and the distinct smell of Dean’s skin. It smelled so oddly familiar. Dean had frozen for a moment but then eased into the hug, leaning lightly against Cas. He put his head into his neck and closed his eyes, trying to take everything in. “Hey,”, he said softly and turned around. He held Cas in his arms, then he bent his head forward and placed his lips on Cas’ head, kissing the crown of his head. “Hey”, he whispered against the strands of black, tousled hair. Cas slowly looked up and blue eyes met green. Hesitantly, Cas reached a hand up to the back of Dean’s head, his chest felt tight. Dean felt his stomach drop and excitement spread in his body. Achingly slow, Cas moved his face closer to Dean’s, whose eyes were fluttering shut. Cas felt like his heart wanted to beat out of his chest and he feared that Dean could feel it since their bodies were flushed together so tightly. His eyes were only open a smidge and then he felt warm breath on his lips. His stomach fluttered. Cas closed the distant, Dean patiently waiting for him. Their lips touched, only softly at first but with every move, they grew more confident and the kiss grew more passionate. Hot air was exchanged between the two of them, lips wet and red. The rush made Cas cling closer to Dean, gripping his shirt and pressing against him even tighter. Dean’s hands moved over Cas’ body, feeling, searching, letting no inch of his angel untouched. Cas’ head started spinning as he felt Dean’s tongue licking over his lips and breaking into his mouth. The hand that was behind Dean’s head, slid onto his face, fingers tracing over the stubble on Dean’s cheek and chin. Every now and then Cas broke free to breath and Dean gave him only a second before he demanded his mouth back on his face. Like teenagers, they stood in the kitchen, panting, dizzy and unable to stop themselves. A beeping noise pierced through the air, as the alarm for their pizza went off. Dean considered to just let it bleep, but then the real danger of ending their make-out session because of a fire hit him. How would he explain that to Sam? “The pizza,” Cas breathed heavily. “I know”, Dean said a finger tracing along the small of Cas’ back. “I got it.” Cas took a step back, his head still spinning. Dean took out the pizza and placed it on the counter. He turned around and reached for Cas’ hand, pulling him close again. “Wanna take that to the couch?”, mischief sparkled in his eyes.
“Dean”, Cas says when they’re in front of the impala, behind them the fireworks are still lighting up the sky in all the colours of the rainbow.
It took a minute for all of them to process what had happened at breakfast, but it wasn’t too long after they started driving, that the air felt lighter again. Dean had put on some new singer he had found, Cas and Eileen bobbing their feet in unison and Sam quietly enjoying the music. Fields and cities flew by as the sun started to settle. The ride took longer than expected and when they finally arrived at their B&B, the sky was pitch black and the stars were covering it, like a thousand diamonds on velvet. All of them were tired, sitting in the car all day, only stopping a few times to freshen up and grab a burger on their way. Their legs hurt and their backs were aching and only when they walked up the white wooden stairs to the reception, did they start to relax. “I think we are calling it a night, guys. 9 a.m. breakfast?”, Sam asked, and Cas nodded. Dean was too tired from driving to make a sound and just held onto his boyfriend. Intuitively Cas slung his arm tighter around him as he signed
A warmth spreads through Dean’s body and he can feel Cas’ grip tighten around his hand as the girl explains what they had done.
. His jacket, his car, his music – as Sam so eloquently pointed out that one time – was his dad’s. But his jewellery,
, Castiel thought. His hands reached up behind Dean, holding onto the hunter. With a sucking noise, they parted lips. Cas didn’t leave Dean much time to breathe but pulled Dean close again. The kissing turned more vigorously; a plan had formed in Cas’ mind. He moved against Dean, pushing him towards the bed. Dean had no chance to smile or even think, his head went empty and he just grinded with Cas, desire licking his insides like flames. Jesus, this angel made him go wild. With a muffled noise, Cas pushed Dean onto the bed. Dean was a mess, panting and flushed all over. His cock was already half-erect, twitching in his pants. Cas forcefully pulled down Dean’s jeans and his pants in one move. The clunk of the belt echoed through the room. Dropping down in front of him unceremoniously, to not waste any time, Cas got to work. “Ca-.”, Dean tried to pull him on top on himself, but Cas would not let him drag this out and be grumpy in the morning. “Tomorrow”; he promised and pushed Dean back flat onto the bed. Without giving Dean a chance to interrupt again, he bent forward and caught Dean’s pulsating dick in his mouth. Dean let out a stifled moan, his right hand gripping the bedsheet. Cas felt Dean move underneath him, jerking with lust. His right hand felt its way towards, finding Dean’s and entangling their fingers. The other kept Dean’s cock steady, pushing himself deep onto him. Both of them drowned in their feverish desires, Dean lost in the wet heat that wrapped around him and moved so devilishly up and down, letting him forget his own name. “Jesus, Cas. Yes.”, he huffed, his breath was shaking, and his eyes rolled back as he felt himself on the edge of orgasm. Cas, this sneaky little bastard, had played him. He would come and fall asleep in an instant. It would’ve been a lie if Cas said, he only went down on Dean to get him to bed faster. No, he was just as aroused and needy, and the feeling of Dean inside his mouth and moving underneath him was electrifying.  Dean’s hand let go of the bedsheet he had held onto and pushed into Cas’ hair, playing with the black, tousled locks. “Yes, babe, please. Don’t stop. Mhm, don’t-”, he gasped, voice low and raw. Cas felt Dean was about to come, he could tell by the way his breathing changed, by the little huffs and sharp breaths. How his hand twitched in his own. Shutting his eyes closed, almost painfully, Dean concentrated on the feeling of Cas’ mouth around his cock. The tongue that slid up and down his vein. He was so close. “Babe,”, pressed out, he couldn’t help himself. As if following a command, Cas increased the pressure and tried to go down further, feeling the tip of Dean’s dick in his throat. He still hadn’t got the hang of that, fully. But Dean didn’t seem to mind, he yelped and hissed under his breath. “Babe, yes. Please, please”, his whole body shook with anticipation, he needed to come, his whole body hurt, compressed in desire. “Cas!”, he gasped as he came and his back arched in sweet release. For a moment he was just lying, his chest heaving. Shaking he brought his free hand up to his eyes, blocking out the light and trying to cool down. Cas sat up, wiping his mouth and pushing his hair out of his eyes. His head felt strange, dizzy and heavy and it was hard to keep his eyes open. He saw Dean still trembling from coming and got up to lie down next to him. His beautiful human had put his hand over his face, Cas knew the move. Quietly, he curled up next to Dean and put a hand on his chest. Dean grabbed it and pressed it firmer to his heart. “Jesus, Cas.”, Dean’s drawled, his voice already thick with sleep. “Shh”, Cas hushed and kissed his temple, rubbing his nose against Dean. “Sleep now.” Dean nodded, too tired to say anything else. Dean shook off his jeans and hurled his legs onto the bed. They curled up and Cas lazily took the blanket they had pushed aside to cover them both. The heaviness that Cas had felt in his head, spread into his body and as he lied down next to Dean and wrapped his arms around him. Finally, he gave in and let it carry him away. He felt Dean’s fingers twirl around his and then he fell asleep.
All words are forgotten when Cas steps out of the Impala and his eyes widen in awe seeing the fair in full action. Pink, green and blue lights flicker over his face from the rides and the food stands and his lips fall agape.
“What I want to ask is this”, he picks up Cas’ hand, bringing it up between them. Warm green eyes look into blue ones and there is no doubt left in his body.
“We noticed, um, that you proposed and, well, me and Mel thought it was just so cute with the fireworks and everything”, the girl is blushing profusely and tapping her foot on the ground. “Well, they thought it was a good idea to take some pictures because it would have been a shame that you didn’t have any pictures of that moment. And we totally delete them from our phones. But in case you want them, I can transfer them via Bluetooth to you.”, she ends, her face a solid scarlet and looks up at them.
Behind the counter sat a young-looking man; dark, wavy hair that reflected the harsh neon light from the lamps above.
“Nervous?”, Garth asked Sam and nodded towards Dean. “A wreck”, Sam joked, Dean was too consumed with his own thoughts to hear anything the two of them discussed. “Then we just have to wait for the other dapper groom, mh?”, Garth said, and Sam took his place to Dean’s right. They didn’t need to wait long, as footsteps echoed from the hallway only a few minutes later. A solemn silence spread through the room and everyone turned to the entrance again, expectantly. Someone whispered a few words and a slowed down, instrumental version of “Lover” started playing. Dean would have laughed at the song choice, would have shaken his head in amusement because this was one hundred percent Claire trolling him (joke would be on her because he loved the song, not that we would tell anyone that). But Dean didn’t catch the song. He didn’t hear the second wave of gasping and buzzing. Didn’t see the smiles in the crowd. All his senses were pinpointed to one man and one man only who stood in the entrance across the aisle. The breath had been knocked out of his lungs and it was hard to keep his knees from turning to jelly. Cas stood in the doorframe Claire at his side and his eyes full of stars. Nothing mattered anymore, only that perfect face. Dean could tell Cas’ expression even being this far apart. He knew how the pink lips would be agape ever so slightly, how those eyes searched for an anchor in a sea of confusion and overwhelming emotion. He could see the line on his forehead deepen as he caught his sight. Knew the way his breath had changed as he walked in. Dean knew without needing to witness it. With a little nudge from Claire, they began to walk down the aisle and it was as if a spell had been broken. The music and muttering, the smell of the flowers and the light of the sun all flooded Dean’s nerve system again and made his head spin. Castiel walked towards him and his heart felt like it would stop beating like it was holding its breath. Slowly, Dean’s eyes filled with tears as his angel got more defined with every step, less a blurry shape and more the man that he saw walking towards him so many times before. Claire was beaming at him with glassy eyes as they reached them, but Dean could not tear his eyes from Cas. With a shaky breath, he inhaled. His mouth moved as if words were about to spill from it, but nothing came out. Dean was truly and utterly speechless.
They settle on top of the hill where they are basically alone, the only other people around being a teenage couple behind them. But Dean tries to pay them no mind.
, Dean thought as he felt the tremor in Cas’ body, this one had no self-control. Not that he was complaining, it was kinda a turn-on for him. Dean took his hand away and wrapped it around his own cock to get it harder. He had no lube and he hoped that getting it slick with Cas’ spit would be enough. Still fingering Cas, he put the fingers of his free hand in Cas’ mouth. Cas let his tongue dance around and in between his fingers, while still rolling his hips. After Dean worked him long enough, he pulled out. Fast he slicked his cock with Cas’ spit and put both of his hands on Cas’ hip, steadying him. The head of his cock probed against Cas. “Easy,”, he mumbled, trying to relax Cas. When he finally pushed forward, Cas couldn’t suppress a long and loud groan. Dean let him, concentrating only on the feeling of Cas around him.
“It’s a bit…flashy. I couldn’t”, he tried to explain, his face scrunched up in hurt because deep down he knew if it were not for John, he would have gotten it without a second thought. But he was his father’s son and that meant playing the part. As simple as that.
was all him. He knew it was a bit childish, still, he thought of his rings and necklaces with a fond heart.
was saved, Dean. You saved me because with you I felt free for the first time and I was able to be myself. I think what I wanted to say is, thank you for saving me. And”, Cas’ breath hitched as he fought down the sob that wanted to crawl up his throat. His hands had begun to shake, and he shook his head slightly so his vision would become clear again as the words started to blur in front of him. But it wasn’t his eyes playing tricks on him. The ink was running from the tears that had started to roll down his cheeks and dripped on the paper. “And”, he started again with his voice scratching from the quiet sobs that he could no longer hold back. “And, I promise to care for you and to love you for all eternity and longer.”, his adam’s apple bobbled painfully in his dry throat and he looked up. Dean was barely keeping it together, tears collecting at the rim of his eyes. Someone in the crowd blew their nose and someone full-on cried somewhere in the back. Cas didn’t dare to look at the people around him, he only looked at Dean through the veil of tears that blurred his vision and his mind. Behind Dean, Sam was pressing the back of his hand against his eye sockets. Even though Dean had steeled himself before because he knew two words of Castiel were enough for him to break, felt his defences melt. His heart was racing, and he wanted nothing more than grabbing Cas and kiss him senseless, but that wasn’t what he was supposed to do right now. He had to be patient. “That was beautiful,”, Garth said, his own voice breathy. “Dean.”, he gestured towards him and Dean’s heart sank with a sudden thump. His turn. Slightly nauseous and with jittery hands he pulled out the note from his pocket. It was crumbled on the edges and worn out on the crease from the many times he had unfolded and folded it again. He cleared his throat, trying to get his voice steady because at his state he wouldn’t put it past him that his voice would just give up on him. “Mh, okay.”, he shook his head, why couldn’t he just read what was on the damn paper. This would be a disaster. He could feel it. He never has been good with words, hence why he put them down. But even with the paper in front of him, his mouth denied him the service. He cleared his voice again and shook out the paper.
Dean was sitting on the couch in the bunker, Miracle by his side. Absentmindedly he petted its head. Jack was in their room doing whoknowswhat and Sam was out somewhere with Eileen. The TV was on, playing Scooby-Doo reruns. Maybe he should tell Jack and they could watch it together, he mused. But then again, he didn’t know how to talk to the kid these days. All the guilt and the shame of the last year still lingered in his head. He had apologised and Jack said that they accepted his apology with a smile. But Dean still felt awful about it. Jeez, he had tried to drown the kid, he had used him as a bomb! He shook his head to get rid of the thoughts. Jack said it was fine, so its fine, he tried to convince himself. And Cas had said he shouldn’t separate himself from Jack like that.
Cas couldn’t help himself, so he decided to check on Claire and Jack for a fourth time today. He was well on his way to the inside of the chapel when Jody crossed his path. “What are you doing here?”, she eyed him suspiciously. “I was just check-”, Cas started to explain but Jody shook her head. “No, the kids are fine. Go to your room Cas.”, Jody ushered him back from where he came from and accompanied him back to his dressing room. “Don’t worry”, she said an encouraging smile on her lips. She walked fast; she probably had been on her way somewhere but felt the duty to make sure the groom was not going crazy. “Everything is going a-ok and in not even an hour you two will be happy as can be.” She paused in front of the door and turned to Cas, who had a frown on his head, helpless eyes searching her face. “Believe me, Cas.”, she said confidently, her brown eyes beaming. “Just try to relax. Dean won’t get cold feet, I’m sure of it.”, she winked and opened the door, waiting for him to go inside. “Yes, you’re right.”, Cas didn’t sound convinced. “Should I ask Donna to keep you company?”, she offered. “No, no it’s fine. I’m fine.”, Cas tried to smile, but he was sure it looked more like a grimace than a smile. “Okay.”, and with that Jody had closed the door and was on her way again.
They squeeze their plush companions next to themselves and the wheel stars moving up with a jerk. Slowly lifting them higher and higher until they can see the entire fair from above, tiny huts and stands like colourful sprinkles in an ocean of the night.
. He could do it. He could hold it together for this long. The corridor was empty, dark shadows drawing figures on the floor; soft light creeping in through the huge, gothic windows. It was beautiful. Pacing, he turned on his heel and walked the length of the stone wall back from where he came from. The sandstone walls radiating a subtle heat, that they had soaked in from outside. His stomach clenched, unnaturally, sinking deeper.
He opens his palm and produces the little silver ring he had carried for the last twenty years. As a reminder, as a promise to be true. To find what makes him happy and go for it. Unashamed and free.
, a tiny voice in his head said. He was utterly fucked, this man – angel – made him weak in more than one sense of the word. It was madness. Dean pulled Cas closer, his fingers tracing along his sides and over the sheen fabric of his suit. “You might want to lose that, too.”, there it was again, the mischief in his eyes. Cas took off his jacket, not parting his eyes from him for a second. Dean ran his fingers over the embroidery on the vest. “Pretty.”, he said and winked at his fiancé. Cas rolled his eyes, but his body was hot from longing for Dean’s touch. He leaned forward, eager to feel Dean, but Dean jerked his head back. “Ah-ah, not so fast. We want to enjoy this last premarital fuck, don’t we?”, he teased, and Cas made an indignant sound. “Patience, young padawan.”, Dean said softly and started to kiss Cas’ neck. Cas was turned on, of course, but he was also worried because the clock was ticking, and he didn’t want anyone searching for them. “Dean, the time-”, he started but Dean hushed him. “Don’t worry, love. We have time.”, he murmured and stroked over Cas’ back, still kissing his neck gently. Cas gave in and closed his eyes. There was no point in fighting this. Dean’s lips on his skin were something he would never not appreciate. “Mmh”, Dean hummed approving of Cas’ surrender. He loosened Cas’ tie and unbuttoned some of the buttons of his shirt. Kissing slowly down his neck and toward his collarbone. “My sweet, angel”, he huffed against Cas’ skin. “My sweet, beautiful angel.” Cas moaned at the words; Dean knew how to please him. Then Dean cupped Cas’ cock, which was already half-hard, stretching against his underwear. “Dean,”, Cas moaned. “Yes, yes, soon”, Dean soothed him. He rubbed against Cas’, getting him harder, which in turn made him hotter by the second. The moans grew louder, and Dean muffled them with his mouth. They couldn’t be loud today, well not
Cas turns his head to catch a glimpse of Dean, blue eyes curious and earnest and so full of love Dean has to actively remember how to breathe.
“Thank you, Basir”, he had dared to throw the guy one of his trademark crooked grins he normally used on girls in a bar and the man had smiled back, effortlessly like it was the most natural thing to do. Perhaps it was.
Cas helps Dean up and they pat down the dust and soil from their jeans and absolutely don’t use it as an excuse to touch each other again.
.” They left and Claire linked her arm with his, she could feel him trembling. “Don’t worry, dad. You’ll be fine.”
“There is supposed to be fireworks later, wanna stay til then?”, Dean asks trying his best to sound casual and like a normal human being and not like the nervous wreck he internally is.
“What is going through your mind?”, Cas asks quietly as the wheel slowly turns to bring them back down. Dean’s head is snug in the crook between Cas’ shoulder and neck and he smirks against the exposed skin.
. Forcefully Dean rolled onto his back and kicked off his shoes. Rustling noises came from the bag, as Cas searched for their pyjamas, he wouldn’t leave his street clothes on for another night. He put two white cotton shirts on the bed, flicking Dean’s arm to stop him from falling asleep before changing and then proceeded to take off his own clothes. Goosebumps appeared when he was stripped to his boxers, and as he pulled the shirt over his head, he breathed in the clean smell of unworn fabric. Dean had made it into an upright position, tugging at his shirt and lazily dropping everything on the floor. Shooting him an unnerved look Cas collected them and put the clothes neatly on top of their bags. With a click, the lights were turned off and the room went dark. “Scooch”, he commanded an already settled in Dean, who wrapped the sheets around him like a caterpillar its cocoon. Dean obeyed and shuffled closer to the wall, rolling onto his side, getting ready to spoon. Cas nuzzled against Dean and wrapped the covers around them. A quiet smile spread on his face in the dark as he took Dean’s arm and pressed it tighter around him. He wasn’t particularly tired, only faint dizziness settled in his head, but it was not like the heavy, pounding exhaustion from yesterday. Calmly, he snuggled with Dean wrapped around him, in a state of ignorant bliss, somewhere between awake and dreaming.
. His first bite of bacon was heavenly and the pancakes didn’t disappoint as well. As he dug in, not minding how he looked, Cas shifted uncomfortably on his red-leather seat. “You okay, Cas?”, Sam asked attentively. “Mmm”, Cas answered, barely able to part his eyes from Dean’s plate. Dean, who heard the conversation, looked up at his boyfriend and saw the look in his eyes. Irritation washed over his face, but then it dawned on him. Hastily, he swallowed and held his fork towards Cas. “Are you hungry?”, he asked, examining Cas’ face tentatively. “I think so.”, Cas said slowly and took the fork from him. His head tilted like it always did when Castiel couldn’t place a thought or feeling. Carefully he pierced through some of Dean’s sausage. It tasted good, still like a million molecules, but different. Fulfilling. Warmth spread in his belly and with every bite he felt stronger, more like himself again. In admiration and wonder, Dean just watched his lover eat, getting more confident with every bite. It was weird, to see Cas wolf down his food. And yet, it was the most adorable sight. Cas ate like a child having cake for dinner. Sam and Eileen looked worried and perplexed but didn’t interrupt. “Better?”, Dean asked when Cas had finished almost the entire plate and put his fork down, sheepishly looking up at Dean. “Yeah. Sorry”, he mumbled, realising that he ate Dean’s food which he knew was a no-no, usually. “That’s ok”, Dean reassured him, voice gentle and calm. Sam raised his eyebrows at this statement,
Castiel makes an approving sound, at what he doesn’t specify. Finding his mouth again, Cas’ sucks and licks hotly at the other man. Eager and desperate to taste as much as he can.
Dean sat on the windowsill, fingering at his cufflinks. They were new, just as the rest of his outfit. He had bought it with Sam, in a way too fancy boutique and spent far too much money on it. No one should ever spend that much money on a suit. Usually, when Sam and he bought suits for hunting trips, to act like feds, they went to the dodgy shops in crammed alleyways. But this time they went to a high-end street. The woman in the shop had handed them a glass of sparkling wine and greeted them with a smile, big and sweet and fake. When they had told her what they were looking for, her smile had grown even brighter.
, he thought and let his tongue clack. They were almost married, it shot through his head and he thrust into Cas.
“Dean,”, Cas had started, that scratchy, husk voice full of fear and guilt. But Dean made a gesture telling him to stop talking. His eyes had drifted over the floor, looking at something only he could see. What felt like an eternity to them both, Dean had looked up and looked directly into those eyes, eyes as blue as the sky. “I am sorry, Cas.”, his voice was little more than a whisper. “I am sorry, for that night. I didn’t know what to say and I was so scared,”, his voice was shaking. “You don’t have to be sorry, D-”, Cas started but Dean shook his head rapidly. “No, let me talk.”, he swallowed hard. He had to do this. His hands had been shaking, and his head felt dizzy. “I am sorry. For that night. But also, for the nights before that. I-”, he stopped again. “I felt confused for a long time. I was insecure. I was hurt by – I don’t know, by life?”, his gaze wandered through the room again. He brought one hand to his mouth and rubbed his lips. “I never thought, that, that you could feel… the way I”, tears had gathered in his eyes as he finally looked up at Cas again. The angel looked at him in disbelief. His eyes were wide, mouth slightly open. “I am sorry Cas, but ever since Purgatory”, Dean’s voice went weak. He breathed in unsteadily, his hand went up and to the back of his head, a self-soothing motion. “I never thought you could love me back.”, he finally said and looked up again, into those eyes he thought he would never see again. “I love you, Cas.”, the words tumbled out of his mouth. “I loved you for a long time, even though I tried not to.” He made a step towards Cas, who still stood motionless, shell-shocked. “Don’t think I am something you can’t have, because you already got me.”, he pulled the man he loved close to him, wrapping his arms around him tightly. For a moment Cas froze, but then his arms came up and wrapped around Dean so effortlessly, like the wind wrapped around the trees. Dean nestled his face in the crook between Cas’ neck and shoulder, breathing in deeply. His legs were shaking, and he feared they might give out. But it felt so good to finally say those words, that had lingered on his tongue for so long. “I love you”, he whispered into Cas’ trench coat. Cas gripped him tighter and let his head sink onto his shoulder. He couldn’t speak, he couldn’t say a word, because in his head only three words echoed, filling his whole being with the meaning. He was saved. Minutes passed; both couldn’t say for how long they stood in that embrace. Comfortable with the knowledge of being loved. The truth was out. Dean pulled back to get a look of Cas’ face. This glorious face. He breathed in sharply. How beautiful he looked. “I am glad you told me, Cas.”, he said, a small smile tucking on his lips. Cas smiled flustered. Neither of them knew what to do next, so Dean took another step back, keeping Cas at arm’s length and inspected him thoroughly. “So, you feelin’ alright?”, he asked. Cas nodded and laughed. “Yes, Jack dragged me out in one piece.”, his arms spreading wide as he did so often, only restricted by Dean’s firm grip. “Good.”, Dean nodded. “Want a beer or somethin’?”, he asked unsure how to proceed. You tell your best friend, that he is the love of your life and then what? Cas nodded, still smiling. “That would be nice, Dean.” Silently they had sat on the couch together, drinking beer and watching TV. Happy in just being.
, he begged silently, his hands frantically groping at every tiny bit of skin and muscle they could find. He pressed his eyes shut and concentrated on the feeling of Dean’s cock brushing over his. Dean’s lips were on his neck now, leaving hot kisses on his vein; sucking and nursing their way down to Cas collarbone, it was almost unbearable. “I want you”, Dean whispered leaving traces of saliva on his skin and his voice so low and coarse, aching desire lingering in every word. “Then fucking have me”, Cas was surprised as the words tumbled out of his mouth. He usually wasn’t the one for talking during sex, especially not like this. Dean raised an eyebrow at the cocky words, but a grin flashed over his face shortly after that could only be described as primal.
“Kids these days”, Dean sighs but Cas is beaming at his side, and he cannot keep up the grumpy façade.
. Then with a yelp, Cas came, cum covering Dean’s bare chest. Dean only had to thrust against Cas one last time and then he, too, rumbled as he came. Weak, he slumped over Cas, who already put his arms around his back, guiding him down onto him. “Fuck”, Dean breathed out. Cas nestled his face in the crook of Dean’s neck. “I love you.”, he whispered against Dean’s skin and he felt Dean smile. “I love you, too, Cas.”, Dean said softly. He truly did.
“Can you promise me that at some point you will go for the things you really want? Go for the turquoise when you feel ready.”, he said with a levelled voice, so nonchalant and yet it pierced through Dean, hot and cold.
“Almost as beautiful as my view”, he whispers with a smile and Cas looks up to catch him watching him tentatively. He knows it’s a cheap line, but the angel blushes so sweetly in the dark and Dean leans over to close the distance and kiss the shyness from his face. It does the trick. Soft lips return his kiss with little pecks, biting loosely at his lower lip until it's plump and red. One hand had snuck up on Dean’s neck and Cas gingerly strokes the hair on his neck that is the longest it’s ever been. He likes it better this way. It's softer, too.
, Jack thought cheerful. Every now and then Jack glanced at Dean, whose eyes were still open, be it just a smidge. Jack felt Dean look at them, too. Eyes fixed on their neck. Cas got up at some point, to get some beer and Dean propped himself up, rubbing over his eyes. It was only half-past nine, but Cas was just so damn comfortable. “You okay, kid?”, he asked Jack suddenly. “Um, yes.”, Jack brought out clumsily, they didn’t expect to be addressed. Especially since they were alone. “Good, good.”, Dean muttered, clearly uneasy. “Listen, kid.”, he said, eyes searching the floor for a spot to rest on, he didn’t dare to look up. “I know I’ve been distant… lately.”, he sighed, and Jack’s shoulders tightened. “And Cas said- well … I wanted to let you know that…”, Dean sputtered, rubbing the back of his head. Damn, why was this so hard? He breathed in deeply.
Unsurprisingly, it was a flower shop. It was in a quiet and nice neighbourhood, but Dean wondered if there were many customers. This was not exactly a high-traffic area, but what did he know? It seemed to run well enough. Dean parked on the curb, got himself a parking ticket from the nearby meter and put it in his car while grabbing the umbrella back out.
He didn’t understand. Why wasn’t his cage open? They weren’t in that stupid car anymore. Castiel could’ve let him out right? Edgar rattled at the door. He
He looked up to the sky and tonight, the stars were just for him. There was no stopping him now. He’d change the world for the better.
He reached out and took Dean’s hand. It was nice. Castiel’s hand was warm, and a solid weight. They should’ve held more hands before.
I know you’re going to blame yourself for that. I know that you’re going to tell people that you must’ve done something wrong and that that’s why I left. And in the back of your head – you’ll wonder if maybe you weren’t good enough. That maybe I’ve found someone better than you, someone who’s worth my time.
Quite a few years ago there was a drug on the market that was all the rage with the people. It seemingly came out of nowhere and it promised highs no other drugs could give you. It ravaged the black market within hours and posed to be a serious problem to drug lords. There seemed to be no supply routes, no providers, nothing. This drug just dropped out of the sky and spread throughout all the major cities.”
“No, no,” Cas said, stroking his fingers over Dean’s face. “Relax, Dean. Here. Hold my hand.” Castiel intertwined their fingers with each other and Dean felt calmer instantly. He took a few deep breaths – in and out, in and out and in and HOLY SHIT!
Dean had no idea how Edgar could be this materialistic. Maybe he knew more money for Cas meant more food for him. Edgar flapped his wings and cocked his head, blinking at him.
was but It thought It understood that it meant when you couldn’t come back. It wasn’t sure where they went.
Dean jumped up from his chair and ran over to Rowena. He grabbed her by the shoulders and came nose-to-nose with her. “Are you serious?! Why the fuck didn’t you wake me up fucking damn it?!”
“Let’s go,” he says instead and stands up. He can see that Sam wants to say something but he shakes his head. He doesn’t want to hear it. He doesn’t need to be patronised. It’s okay. It’s going to be okay. If Cas had always been able to move on, then so could Dean.
He grabbed the handle to his dad’s room before he remembered his manners and knocked. That’s what no coffee did to you. Shit, he should’ve set up a pot before he went up. Ah, whatever. “Dad?” He called out. “It’s me, Dean. I’m coming in.” There was no answer. So Dean pushed the door open.
“I think about tearing your arms off, to hear you scream. I think about ripping your legs off and tie them together.”
“He’s still in the back, sweetheart. Be nice to him today, okay? It’s not a good day. But I know he’ll be happy to see you, so why don’t you go say hello?”
Nobody had expected the fireball that came out of nowhere. Nobody had expected a spell that held them in place. Nobody of them had expected to die.
Dean couldn’t say anything, and he also couldn’t move when Castiel came his way. That was his friend. These lifeless blue eyes were his friend. It was his fault. Everything was his fault and he didn’t know how to fix it. He lost Castiel more and more every breathing moment and he feared the day nothing would be left of him. His hand was shaking and he was still grabbing the doorknob. He didn’t know what to do.
You wake up again when it’s dark. You feel tired and your body is heavy. You don’t want to move. Breathing alone seems like a chore. What happened? You don’t remember.
There are days when Castiel’s body just refuses everything and anything. Cas doesn’t want to see or hear Dean on these days and Dean respects that. He wants to be there, but his presence is upsetting Cas way too much.
Part 3! Fair warning: there is brief death in this chapter. I haven't marked it, because it's important, and also because it's the only logical conclusion. But as I said: it is BRIEF.
“The stuff Cas told us, about the – about these Men of Letters or whatever. Is it that? Are you saying
Together, they drag Goo into their room. Without stopping, they immediately continue on into the bathroom. There’s no tub, sadly – Sam had inquired – so the shower would have to do. They shove Goo inside and turn the warm water on. Dean doesn’t want to use cold water. Cas doesn’t deserve cold water.
At least it was just pee he had to clean up. There were no dark stains and he was glad for it. Stains were terrible and he didn’t understand the people that left those behind. How did they use the toilet in their own home? Did it look the same? Did they clean it up themselves or was somebody doing it for them? He started mopping.
There’s still more. It made me think that maybe I have a purpose. That I have a reason for living, no matter how small it might be. And I always wanted –
“Yes,” he replied quickly without breathing. Oh god yes, he couldn’t believe it was going to happen.
A month later, it’s not better. Dean only functions whenever Miracle forces him to. It’s been a while since Cas woke up to puke. Dean tries not to dwell on it. He spends his days laying in bed next to Cas, staring at a wall in silence. The only sound is Cas’ shallow breathing and Dean doesn’t know what to do.
Dean is sobbing. He can’t stop. Cas has been sick for a whole week already and still, Jack has not shown up. Dean had to shoo Miracle out of the room because he’s afraid that she’s going to get sick too.
It turned out that this “Men of Letters” Headquarters wasn’t too far from where Dad lived. It would give them a good point to start from, Dean guessed. He wondered what kind of people these guys were. Were they like those crazy scientists he saw on TV sometimes? Castiel had said that they existed almost entirely because of him – for the cause of immortality. To be honest, he still couldn’t wrap his head around that fact. Castiel was immortal. Cas couldn’t die. And if he did, he just came back to life. That shouldn’t be possible, even in a world filled with magic. And the other thing he said: that he’d been born without magic for the most part and now he had every magic available at his fingertips.
He looked at the door to the apartment building. Castiel was living right above his own shop; Dean didn’t think it’d be the biggest place in the world. As far as he knew Edgar lived downstairs with the flowers. Dean wasn’t quite sure if Cas had a direct connection to the shop, but maybe he’d find out tonight? He’d really like to see Cas’ apartment from the inside one day.
I want children. You know I do, and you also know I don’t want to wait that much longer before having them. I also know that you don’t want them, at least not yet. And yet, if it were to happen – you’d marry me, like your dad taught you to. But would you be happy? You might be, in some time. But it wouldn’t be what you’d want, right? You’d be married to me forever, and you’d tell yourself that that’s how it’s supposed to be like.
It passed every candle by without ever lighting them. Only the last candle was lit. It felt surreal. The fire did exactly what he wanted it do to as if it had only waited for him to take that authority. And maybe it had. He looked back to his testers who were still smiling.
and fuck, Cas, he’s right. I tried to use David as this filler, to try and get over you before I was ready and I –
Rowena got dragged out of what Dean assumed must be a backroom or something. The man dragging her had a hand wound tightly around her arm. He had a gun pointed at her general stomach area and Dean wanted to get up but his leg wouldn’t cooperate.
That scenario in the kitchen last night – Sam was still struggling whether it had been real or not. It hadn’t felt real, that was for certain. So maybe he just wanted to go see Castiel to verify. Maybe he just wanted to see him so he could decide before he lost his mind.
A soft touch atop his fist brought him back into reality. “Your eyes were glowing, are – is everything alright?”
to fit in with his fellow humans. But that also meant he had to learn and understand fast. What was appropriate to say; and when to say it? What gestures were appreciated in what situations and in which ones they weren’t? As an angel, he hadn’t needed to care about that. What did he care about what a few humans thought of him? What did he care if they thought he was weird? He hadn’t needed them.
Sam turned around. “No. We just told him we’d come visit. If he knew what happened, he’d freak out and we don’t really need that, you know?”
Sam will let you go any second and so you try to soak up as much warmth as you can. For all you know, this will be the last hug you’ll ever receive. You wish it would be Dean. But you don’t really deserve a hug from Dean, now do you?
Damn, he was so embarrassed. Ellen said today would be on her and well, that was nice. But the bar-wide cheer was
“Apparently they are advanced science,” Sam added and now Dean was just confused. Science? Why put “letters” in your name if you were doing science-y stuff?
The thing left its shoulder and hovered in front of It. It moved its – arms? to stay afloat. It was fascinating. “You help,” Edgar said again and It didn’t know how to respond. “Why?” It asked then.
You sit up and your body feels heavy. Maybe you should leave. The hospital would take care of Jack for you, wouldn’t they? You should go. There was no hope anymore for you, but there still is for Jack. Jack is still so young, and with a little bit of help, he could reach greatness.
Dean laughed. “No. I – can I stay with you tonight? It’s okay if I have to sleep on the couch, it’ll be fine, but, “ he just didn’t want to be alone tonight.
“I have something for you,” the man continues and Dean is trying to focus on the grass under his back. The grass is fresh and cold and the dirty ground beneath him is solid. He didn’t get lost. He’s here, he’s real, nobody forgot about him.
George looked at him panicked. He kept switching between his hand and Castiel’s stare and it was evident that he didn’t know what to do. He could end him right now, commit a crime and keep up appearances, or he could walk away. Dean wondered if Cas was
“Cas,” Sam says and Cas responds in kind. In the corner of his eye, Dean can see that Cas tries to get up from the couch but decides against it in the last moment.
When Sam woke up the next day, Castiel was already gone. Dean had wanted to get the day off for the exam but Sam had been able to convince him otherwise. There would be no point in Dean lingering outside the door. And besides, Bobby had promised Dean the next day off should Sam pass his exam.
His heartbeat quickens when he realizes he must do it now if he wants to propose under the illuminated sky, and swallows. He can do this. This was a good thing. In fact, this was the best thing he ever had, and he was finally able to see and accept that.
“Dean,”, Castiel’s voice was uneven and raw with emotion. His breath hitched and with an inelegant hand movement he took out a tiny piece of paper with dense letters and ink smears. “I have lived many millennia. I have seen the dawn of time and the rise and fall of hundreds of empires. I say I lived, but I merely existed when I think back of it now.”, Cas paused and looked at Dean, his eyes were piercing through him. Dean needed to understand this, he needed him to feel what Castiel felt. “I wandered earth because it was my duty and I did what I was supposed to do and then I met you. You turned my world upside down and nothing made sense anymore until everything made more sense than it ever did. Through you and through everything we’ve been through together, I learned what it meant to live. And I learned what it meant to love and today I can say without a doubt in my mind that I live, I live every second of every day and I love every second of every day. I never felt more sure of what life was supposed to be. You know all that because I already told you before.”, a small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth, the memory still clear as day. Dean’s eyes were glassy, and his hand twitched with the desire to reach out to Cas, to hold his hand. “But I wanted to say it in front of all of these people, again. I want to tell everyone that I am in love with the most caring and loving and kindest human being that I ever met. Most people think that I saved you in hell. The truth is, that when I first laid hand on you in hell,
