Sherlock tried to keep his own eyes from widening, angling his body and gaze away to give John a measure of seclusion for the remainder of the call.
“Oh my god,” John wheezed, lifting one of his hands to wipe his thumb under his eye, Sherlock’s hand carried limply along with it. “That was adorable!”
“What!?” John interjected, but Mycroft rattled his head, hand swatting in the air to promise ‘another time’.
He waited, holding the phone in his hand until the response came in, chiming just as he pushed out the main door.
Anderson stood at the top of the stairs, a large cardboard box held in his hands as he looked anxiously between them. “Sorry,” he muttered, shuffling closer along the corridor, and, as he passed beneath an overhead light, Sherlock could see the shadows stretching down from his bloodshot eyes, a day’s worth of growth darkening his jaw. “I-I brought-” he started, twitching the box in his grip, and Lestrade stepped aside, waving him in.
“Simple,” Sherlock scoffed. “You wouldn’t need to drink that much with a sausage roll, and an athletic, health-conscious person like yourself wouldn’t drink an entire can of coke that early in the day anyway.” Finally finished, or so it would seem, Sherlock turned his chair back toward the table and replaced his safety glasses in one fluid motion of long, pale fingers.
“What did they ask?” Sherlock inquired as they started walking, heading back up toward the main street.
“What’s the number for your school?” Mr. Holmes interrupted, turning his back on Sherlock’s pleas and stomping to the phone, plucking the receiver up off the table in the corner.
“She wanted to check out the bookstore,” Harry replied, tone a touch forced, and Sherlock turned, looking across John to scan shrewdly over her face.
John slipped his tongue in around Sherlock’s, splitting his focus as he summoned the coherency to respond, but it didn’t stop the moan that ground out of him, vibrating between their lips as John fingers swept over the tip, dragging the liquid down the shaft as he established a slow rhythm.
“Oh yes, of course—several, in fact—but it’s impossible to say which one we’re going to need. Needless to say, however, that John being alive will need to remain a secret for all of them.”
Sebastian Moran knocked on the door of the flat, peering into the dimly lit room. “Hello?” he asked warily, stepping onto the white carpet, the similarly colored door closing softly behind him. “Sir? Are you-”
The only thing that kept John from running down the street screaming was the slightly familiar tone of the voice. He didn’t recognize it exactly, but there was something there, something in the cadence, that struck a chord of memory, but he couldn’t quite place what it was.
Sebastian Moran. Here. Coming out of the locker room John was supposed to enter any minute, a reliable part of his routine.
Everything was blurring, and he leaned against a wall at the bottom of the stairs, hidden from view from most of the room by a large grandfather clock. His skull thunked against the plaster, and he closed his eyes, breathing slow and deep. He could feel the embroidered surname digging into his back, and it almost seemed to burn, like a brand, a brand he hadn’t realized had gone so deep, become so obvious. How many other people could see what Sherlock was barely coming to terms with himself? How long before someone told John, before John got spooked and left, because bloody crime scenes hadn’t broken him, but Sherlock was fairly certain finding out your roommate wanted to lick your neck would do the trick.
“But they just mail you your diploma anyway, right?” Victor pressed, Sherlock’s brows twitching together warily.
Sherlock opened his mouth, a distant memory of an article on the benefits of sleeping on hard surfaces tickling at the edges of his mind, but the pull of exhaustion was stronger, and he sighed, slapping both hands down into John’s and allowing the man to hoist him to his feet. His head swam at the sudden shift, body wobbling, but John’s arm was fast and tight around his waist, guiding them sidelong through the door and down the corridor.
A laugh drifted back to them, John looking up to see Molly swatting playfully at Greg’s arm. “Yeah,” he mused, smiling as he nodded at the spectacle, “I think I know what you mean.”
Sherlock let the awkward moment go, shrugging a single shoulder. “If you are. Mrs. Hudson will likely be awhile yet.”
“Right,” he croaked, clearing his throat before looking up at John, “well, in that case, er… Okay.” He shrugged, half his mouth lifting in a shy smile. “I mean, if you’re sure it’s not-”
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, his head tilted softly as he smiled in that maddeningly warm way. “Don’t be daft. It doesn’t suit you,” he ordered fondly, elbowing him in the arm as he passed, continuing on their path toward the coach.
“Angelo’s?” the dark-haired man echoed, and John chuckled softly as he began backing away toward the pitch, Mike and Greg already making their way to the bench.
Just then, Sherlock’s mobile chimed in his pocket, buzzing violently against his leg, and he wrestled it out of his pocket, glancing at the caller ID before answering with an apologetic glance between the duo.
“How’d you put all that together?” he asked as the others started to drift away toward the car park, and Sherlock shrugged, shifting the toe of his trainer across the grass.
John huffed a brief laugh, but did get up, tugging at the hem of his grey jumper as he went. “Alright, I’ll-I’ll just- Yeah.” He pointed a thumb backward, swallowing hard, and then spun on his heels and hurried from the room, almost positive he heard giggling break out as soon as he rounded the corner.
“No, you’re not going back there,” he clarified, and Sherlock sighed, John’s stubbornness, though well-intentioned, growing exhausting.
Sherlock nodded, brow furrowing with faint concern as he slurped through the perforation in the plastic lid.
“Because,” he began, wriggling his right hand into the leather, “the bathroom window was open, and the hair dryer in question was practically an antique, meaning there was no ground fault circuit interrupter built into the cord.”
Sherlock’s fists clenched as he looked on, the pair so far ignoring him, which was fortunate because he was sure his face was doing something horrifically obvious right now.
“Which was it?” Mrs. Hudson asked, and all eyes turned to him, even Sherlock’s, although he surely knew the answer better than John did.
He seemed to like her well enough as an acquaintance, perhaps even a friend had their similar age and noble breeding not necessitated considering her a romantic prospect, but was not remotely comfortable enough in her presence to make her a viable option for a life partner. He avoided eye contact whenever possible, his hands fidgeting with cutlery or the stem of his glass, and seemed to always have just taken a too-large bite whenever she turned to attempt to engage him in conversation.
“You know,” Sherlock snapped, grey eyes narrowing sharply, and John couldn’t help but chuckle, ducking his head to the floor. “But I-I don’t know- How do you- How do you know…when?” He tangled his fingers in his lap, face twisting between lost and irritated, and John tilted his head, confused.
! Not even Mrs. Hudson—because Mycroft was hardly the comparable choice—had seen him this…this…vulnerable, broken,
“No,” Victor muttered, his voice shaking slightly, “no problem.” He backed away, twisting his head to keep his eyes on both John and Sherlock as he made his retreat. “I’ll be seeing you, Sherls,” he added, almost comical in his attempt to be threatening when his eyes were so wide with fear.
“That’s a good lad,” Mrs. Hudson praised, and Sherlock winced, unnoticed by the woman who had turned back to the tea-in-progress.
A smile tugged at Sherlock’s lips as he looked down at his grey-socked feet that rested on his desk chair in front of him. What he would have given to see the look on Mr. Parish’s face when he’d read that.
“Ah, of course, of course,” the man said, shaking his head and batting a hand, as if to say all was forgiven and forgotten. “And this must be that John I’ve heard so much about! Or should I say Sherlock 2.0?” He laughed, clearly highly amused by his jest.
“You’re tired,” Sherlock said, but John was already swatting dismissively at him before the words were even entirely out.
“Only after the fact, and not for her. He was there for the murder. Suicide? Negligent suicide?” Sherlock mumbled, brow furrowing as he shifted to talking to himself. “Regardless,” he muttered, rattling his head, “he won’t be able to help you. You and
“Sherlock,” John sighed, half chuckling as he reached forward, his touch warm and gentle where it landed on Sherlock’s knee, “you don’t have to worry about that.”
Sherlock went over the lists in his mind as he watched John staring at the top of his desk, mobile still in the hand that wasn’t clenched onto the back of his desk chair, and decided that anyone who put that look on John’s face undoubtedly won any competition for the horrendous human being award.
Lestrade had done everything he’d asked, and John pulled out his mobile right away, shooting a text of thanks. The boards were all there, post-it notes, tacks, reams of paper, and every color marker imaginable spread out on the long tables. The cold cases, dead-ends, locked-rooms, whatever Lestrade could find that had a question mark hanging over it were piled in the corner, a tower of boxes that they most certainly couldn’t make it through tonight, and John nearly sighed aloud at the realization the rest would be coming home with them. The coffeemaker plugged in and arranged with sugars and creamer on a table in the corner John hadn’t asked for, but definitely appreciated, and he could tell from the lingering hint of spice in the air that the small fridge below the table would hold Thai food, the microwave beside the coffee maker ready to reheat it, topped with paper plates and napkins.
“But you can’t!” Mrs. Hudson implored, stepping between them, the terror in her face smoothing the sharper edges of Sherlock’s rage. “It’s too dangerous!”
“Did she- Does mum-” he murmured, the women striking up an unlikely friendship after a chance encounter at a family dinner during one of his parents’ welfare checks to London, but Mycroft shook his head, relief cascading over Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Hanging around?” John repeated, nonplussed. Sherlock? Hanging around? What would that even look that? Would he wear jeans?
He scratched at the back of his neck, looking out the window. “We- Well, we might’ve done,” he muttered, “if I hadn’t fallen asleep.”
“It’s not- He’s just being nice,” she murmured, twisting at the ends of her light brown hair, a shy smile pulling at the corners of her lips as Sherlock gave her a withering look. “Oh, shut up,” she snapped, grabbing the handle of the trolley, but her dramatic storm-out was ruined by a stiff wheel, the trolley too heavy for her to spin it around.
breaking point, because there were some things—absurd, impractical, soppy things—that he wasn’t willing to give up on yet. And maybe they were impossible, maybe love couldn’t be plucked from the silver screen without tarnishing in your hands, but, by
“It’ll be fine,” Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes as he looked back at John following. “I’ve been there loads of times; no one will even notice us.”
“Nothing,” he breathed, lowering their locked hands to his side as he stepped forward, slowly moving his free hand to graze down Sherlock’s jaw before finally reaching his chin, gently tipping it down as he tipped his up.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, ducking his chin, and he could feel the change in the air, John falling silent and completely still, “I- What if it’s not enough?”
Sherlock nodded, speech light years beyond him at the moment, and reached for the Dettol, too lazy to bother rewashing the wound. With his unmarred hand and only minor difficulty, he unscrewed the cap, squirting a dollop onto the center of the wound before rubbing it over the surface with a gentle index finger, and then tugged open one of the gauze packages with his teeth, taking care not to contaminate the pad inside as he lifted it free and pressed it to the ointment on his palm. The tape was next, necessary to secure the gauze pad, and he was just putting together a plan a Cirque du Soleil contortionist would be proud of when John moved from where he’d been pretending not to watch by the window, hovering at the arm of the sofa some three feet to Sherlock’s right.
John considered arguing, but it really was far too true to try, so he merely chuckled. “Alright. I’m not too concerned about the noise thing; that’s never really bothered me.”
Sherlock didn’t look up, keeping his eyes fixed on the images in front of him, but he saw garishly neon trainers come to a stop beside him in his peripheral vision, muddy from the forest path used by those who didn’t want their presence or absence noted by the school.
“I don’t know,” John replied, because he didn’t, his mind casting about for any possibilities as he shook the water through his hair. “You seem kind of…distracted,” he added, but Sherlock only shrugged.
“A dog,” he said, and John stilled, head straining back on his neck to raise a skeptical eyebrow down at him.
Not trusting himself to speak, he simply smiled, jerking a nod and turning away before he could do something really humiliating—like stumble backward over a chair or knock down a bookshelf or blurt out that he was half in love already—and made his way down to the bottom level of the library, pushing through the doors and out into the fresh air before his head was clear enough to manage a text. Even then, it took him three tries to get the wording right, not entirely certain what was appropriate for your first text to someone you’d already slept with.
Blue eyes twinkled hopefully as John looked up, shrugging. “Just people, Sherlock. Some are even asking you to look into stuff for them. I was gonna bring it up soon, actually, because some of them sound pretty interesting.”
John frowned, following Sherlock’s gesture, a dim memory sparked in his mind of three men who’d been seated near the pitch, all of them wearing ties and frantically scribbling whenever John caught a glimpse of them as he ran by.
“I never do that,” Mary replied, and John frowned at her. “What?” she clipped. “We’re supposed to evaluate them, so I evaluate them.”
Greg cleared his throat, straightening up in his seat. “It’s not my place to say,” he muttered, a corner of his mouth lifting at Molly, “but I say he’s an arse anyway.”
It shouldn’t come as a surprise, really. After all, Sherlock had warned him, told him time and time again that he didn’t have friends, that he was a sociopath, and, while John still didn’t believe
,” she repeated, removing one hand to jab a threatening finger at his face, “and then we can come back here and cry through
“Sherlock, we’ve talked about this,” Mrs. Hudson said tiredly, and he glared at her as she grabbed the suitcase and began rolling it toward the door. “I can’t stay at Langley with you this year. You’re not making any friends.”
, he stepped tight to the shelf, bracing himself on a middle rung as he stretched up to hook his fingers on a corner of the spine, yanking a few times before the book wriggled out enough to get his hand around, and then pulled it loose, turning the cover over in his hands as he settled back onto his heels. The book was different than the others in the office—a cloth-covered Austen amongst leather-bound law—and John traced a finger over the remembered cover before thumbing down the silver-gilded pages, grinning as his stroke caught on its target.
Sherlock tilted his chin back just enough to make his nod visible, and then turned back to the window, watching the paper shake in his hands as he listened to Anderson’s steps retreat, not realizing he’d been holding his breath until he heard the door close beneath his feet, and his starving lungs heaved in a gust of oxygen.
?” he echoed, one hand coming up to rest lightly on the outside of John’s thigh, but even that made John dizzy.
“Faces?” John inquired, and Lyle nodded, leaning his hip against one of the balusters as he folded his arms.
She was dressed in a deep purple skirt and blazer, a creme tie-blouse buttoned up to her neck, the ends of the bow sweeping across her neck in the wind. Her hair was gray, but styled impeccably, likely the reason she was hiding within the cove of the entryway, though it could just as easily have been the emerald heels on her feet, nothing near the towering sculptures Irene teetered on all day, but not meant for traversing snow and ice either.
Sherlock leaned forward as John shifted over him, clutching his right hand firmly while wrapping the other arm under his shoulder and across his back.
“But that call, the one they were talking about…that was you. Not me.” He dropped his head, his eyebrows knitting together.
John smiled, ready to chuckle, but his face fell as Mrs. Hudson merely returned to putting his shirts in the drawer, his stomach tightening at the realization that that may not have been a joke. Shaken, he stretched his hand toward the door, pausing on the handle before gently pressing it down.
It was five days before they spoke again, five days of Sherlock turning his phone over in his hands and telling himself he had nothing to apologize for, and John seemed to agree, showing up outside one of Sherlock’s classes with two cups of coffee and an apologetic smile Sherlock never made him put the words to.
“Oh, shut up,” John snapped as heat crept up his neck, Sherlock chuckling smugly at him as he ducked back into the wardrobe to look at ties. “Probably used more getting in here anyway,” he added with a shrug, peeking his head out around the door as he heard Sherlock shift on the bed.
,” Sherlock said pointedly, his eyes widening for a moment as his eyebrows rose, “that also means it is very difficult for you to think ill of anyone. You’re a fairly competent judge of character, and if even you find someone disturbing, there is bound to be something nefarious about them.”
)? You didn’t mention it. Sherlock said you wanted apple instead of orange juice with breakfast? You got the apple juice. You never questioned why, you never questioned how, you just took it as fact, a warning you should heed lest something horrible happen. It was all incredibly strange, which meant, of course, that it was completely normal.
he wouldn’t do—no risk too great or price too steep—to keep John as safe as he was right now, and he wrapped his other hand around John’s fingers, curling his knees up as a shuddering breath vibrated over his teeth. “I love you,” he echoed, this time a hope against all hope that it would be enough.
“We would, of course, cover all the expenses,” Greg continued in a rush, as if sensing his crumbling resolve. “Air fare for yourself and your staff, and you’d be staying at the castle, so meals would-.”
“Isn’t that illegal?” he muttered, and Lestrade glowered at him, Sherlock chuckling as he looked back out the window.
“Alright, well, the bar’s over there,” he said, pointing through the crowd. “If you wanna grab something while I prevent the next ice age.”
Lestrade snorted, necessitating a sharp glare, but Sherlock’s attention was quickly drawn back as Alice hummed in agreement.
“Don’t know that one,” John replied with faux consideration, looking up thoughtfully at the ceiling, “but I can give you an eight-letter word for smartass.” He beamed innocently across the deserted café, prompting Sherlock to sneer, and then chuckled, putting the last of the mugs on the drying rack before toweling off his hands. “I’ve gotta take the rubbish out,” he said, bobbing his head back at the door behind the counter as he wriggled the full plastic bag free of the bin. “You can whip up a macchiato if anyone comes in, right?”
!” she continued, pointing at him as she staggered forward on the porch. “You drove him away! You told him lies and you drove him away! Just like you did with your
Sherlock, mercifully smiled back, and then they both turned back to Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft, who had somehow devolved into an argument over brussel sprouts vs. asparagus with dinner the following night.
“What would you have me do, Sherlock?” his brother had replied. “Lock myself in a room and weep? Or perhaps you’d prefer I run outside, fall to my knees, and scream at the sky, blaming a god neither of us believes in?”
“Exactly!” Sherlock interjected, so forcefully, John’s anger slipped to shock as he staggered a step back. “I’m insufferable! I’m a manipulative narcissist with self-destructive tendencies who takes pleasure in others’ discomfort. I am a socio-“
“So,” the blond man continued, moving over to pull out the chair beside Sherlock, John nearly slopping scalding coffee over his hand as he hastily filled the first cup, “what else have you been up to? How’s…chemistry?”
“I know,” he assured, “it’s fine,” and John smiled, slouching back into the sofa cushions as Sherlock too vanished into the kitchen.
Where he had been sullen and surly with everyone for the first week after their fight at the Met, he now appeared back to normal, apart from the fact that his eyes no longer seemed capable of interpreting the light reflecting off of Sherlock. Every now and again, blue eyes would seemingly accidentally wander his direction, and John’s expression would catch, a small hitch in the contrived smile he was giving someone else, but, for the most part, Sherlock no longer existed. John was ignoring him so completely, in fact, that on more than one occasion, Sherlock considered the possibility he had gained the power of invisibility, or perhaps died and returned as a ghost.
The reaction was immediate. She blinked, lips stuttering into a surprised parting as they slipped from their smile, and then they pursed as she physically seemed to recoil into herself. “What? Prostitution?”
“Why not?” John asked, unable to hold Sherlock’s gaze for more than a second at a time, as if not quite certain he was allowed to address him directly. “Why would we have clean dishes sitting around?”
“Well, so long as you’re offering...” he mused, but John was already through the door, leaving Sherlock holding it for no one as he brushed past and started quickly up the stairs.
“Dunno,” Sherlock shrugged, scrolling through the messages again, nothing new added since last night, a silence he didn’t have the faintest idea how to break. “Could be anyone, really. They said they were a man and in at least one of my classes, but that could’ve been a lie.”
“Huh,” Sherlock mused, letting his arms fall from his chest, “maybe it can tell the future after all.” He smirked at John’s sneer, unfolding his legs and rising to standing as he made his way around John’s bed toward the door.
“I- I-” John stammered, unable to come up with a counterargument, and then it was too late, Molly spinning him by the shoulders and steering him toward the door. “Molly! Molly, please, I’ll-I’ll write your immunology paper!”
However, he was also lying, which was both the reason the whole thing bothered him so much in the first place, and the reason he couldn’t do anything about it. He couldn’t exactly ask Sherlock why he’d been hiding the ballet from him without admitting how he knew about it in the first place, and, though there were plenty of long-kept secrets he’d already divulged to the man—including the spitball incident he still felt bad about, but how was he supposed to know Fred Barden would get suspended when he let him take the blame?—he wasn’t quite willing to admit to having been lusting through windows for months.
John opened his eyes, lifting his chin as he looked out once again at his room, the room he’d stayed in more times than he could count, but it looked so different now, darker, like the paint itself was wasting away before his eyes, its color drawing back into the wall.
Sherlock just blinked, forehead furrowing as he tilted his head. “You have exceptionally strange standards,” he remarked, and John barked a laugh.
!—and he remembered being all-too-ready to go out to a pub that didn’t look too closely at ID with some of the rugby lads by the time evening rolled around. Everything got considerably more Monet after that—and a little bit Picasso, considering how warped some of the faces were in his mind’s eye—but he thought he remembered Sherlock being there when he got back. He wasn’t here now, though, as a quick glance around the room confirmed. Had John said something, a drunken confession he could all-too-easily guess at?
“John,” he finally blurted, and the boy turned halfway back around, brows pulling together in inquiry. Sherlock’s mouth flapped soundlessly a moment, his fingers twitching awkwardly in the air in front of him in aborted hand gestures. “What- That thing you did- Before, the-the other thing,” he muttered, gesturing in the general direction of where the altercation had taken place. “That was- I, er-”
“STOP LYING TO ME!” he shouted, but his face was a twist of pain more than anger. “You’re always doing this! Why are you
“I’m cheering for Queen Mary because Greg’s on the team, and you’re cheering for Barts because John’s the captain.”
Sherlock flicked his brows, thinking that a solid contender for understatement of the year, and Mike laughed, clapping a hand on his shoulder as he moved toward the door.
“I don’t- OW!” Sherlock bleated, yanking his head away from the medic as the man began to prod at his skull. “What the
His fingers slipped down John’s neck, hooking lightly into his collar as he swept his tongue over John’s bottom lip before slinking back inside, and John gasped, mind temporarily spinning away from its purpose. Sherlock’s hand moved down his chest, following slowly along the planes of his buttons, and there was a part of John, a voice screaming from the spiking heat in his stomach that was every kind of okay with this, but he blinked, focusing the louder, logical portion that reminded him they were in the bathroom of their dormitory, that he had an interview in a couple hours, and that Sherlock was clearly in no condition to be taking these sorts of steps in their relationship.
“Like hell!” John promptly cut off, and Sherlock closed his mouth, eyes blinking aimlessly out at the lab beyond. “You know
“That’s not what this is about, and you know it,” Mycroft countered, stepping nearer along the shore. “I’m not trying to
Sherlock shifted his hands in his lap, looking down at the black leather between his denim-clad knees. Twitching his head just slightly, he looked up out of the corners of his eyes to where John was leaning against the window on the opposite side of the car. Sensing the gaze, as he often—and rather disconcertingly—did, his blue eyes flicked to Sherlock’s, and he smiled softly, a weak reflexive gesture, before returning to watching the bundled crowds shuffling along the paths outside.
“She likes the cheese ones best,” he said, dropping the biscuit into the palm of his hand, and Sherlock transferred it to his fingertips, stretching it through the cold metal bars.
It took three trips, but they managed to get all the plates to the terrace, dragging the table over beside the fire pit, whatever dish they were currently working on resting on the surround in front of them, reaching off the edge to avoid being melted by the flames. Just as they shifted from starters to desserts, the bell began to chime, and the crowd below them erupted in cheers.
A strange, sinking and swooping feeling filled his chest, and he pushed his chair back a couple of inches instinctively. “Oh,” he breathed, dropping his eyes to the duvet draping over the edge of the bed as he swallowed through a wave of nauseous embarrassment. “Right. Good to know.” He stood, only slightly shaky, and swiped his mobile off his bed as he made his way to the door.
“Of course,” he smiled. “Mad scientist who lurks around crime scenes and keeps body parts in his fridge? What’s not to trust?”
“And, of course, I won’t come to the game tonight,” Sherlock muttered, manic and oblivious to John’s protestations, “because you’re probably supposed to be sharing a room with me and it’s too late to switch. And it’s not like the team really needs a Consulting Coach—ridiculous title, now that I hear it aloud.”
A tight-lipped Greg met them at the door when they entered the Met, jerking his head firmly for them to follow. The lift ride was silent, and John didn’t dare attempt to break it, still feeling more like an outsider than a part of the team. Red letters formed in glowing dots over the door as they descended downward: L, LL, B. They bounced to a stop, the cheerful ding startlingly loud in the thick stillness between them.
The rain pounded down upon the street, reflecting the traffic lights in smears of color across the pavement, and Sherlock lifted a hand as he raced through a pedestrian crossing, dismissing the honk of a cabbie who apparently had better things to do than wait for a green light.
“I probably should, shouldn’t I?” Sherlock mused, and Ethan laughed, his good humor contagious to Sherlock’s liquor-loosened mind. “Something about ancient lords or ruthless pirates.”
me out there with them!” he added, looking over Sherlock’s shoulder to the door as he waved a hand at the wood.
“John,” Molly interjected softly, leaning forward with a gentle smile, “maybe you should go talk to him.”
“Funny,” John muttered, grimacing up in grumpy gratitude as he took the offered drink. “They should give you a game show.”
John not only hadn’t stormed out, ranting about the mad Sherlock Holmes and demanding another roommate, he had sat with him, spoke to him, actually looked at crime scene photos with him, and, perhaps most impressively, he had stuck up to
Sherlock’s breath hitched, but, when he looked into John’s face, he was stone, a marble mask so cold, John felt it to his bones. “Must we do this?” he grated out, lips barely moving, and some sort of dam broke loose in John, sweeping his pain away in a tide of red rage.
John bit his lip, toes tapping erratically on the threshold. “So then, do you think you could…take a break?”
The cab ride was quiet, full of anxious excitement, and Sherlock’s nerves were buzzing by the time he entered the Met.
“And it’s played in closets?” Sherlock asked slowly, raising an eyebrow as he snatched another crisp.
“Then I’ll help you after, like I said.” John smiled reassuringly, but Sherlock merely scoffed, his pacing resumed. “Practice should be wrapped up by 7, and then I’ll just have to shower and change, and I-”
John was evidently batting 0 for this entire conversation, because Sherlock rolled his eyes with a scoff. “It’s not that simple; it can’t
Sean had called loser at some point, so there was a short break for John to wipe his forehead and take a few swigs from his water bottle before they reset on the mat, Sherlock starting the fight and then drifting back to where Kavi and Émile were on the floor observing.
Lestrade smiled warmly as he nodded. “I don’t suppose you would notice, not knowing him before, but he’s better with you. A little less…”—he shifted his head side-to-side—“himself.”
They met in the corridor, John looking back as he closed the door before turning to their matching slack-jawed faces. He smirked, just a twitch at the corner of his mouth as he looked between them. “I think she’s ready to talk now,” he said evenly, a smug glint in his eyes, and Sherlock’s knees were not entirely bone anymore.
“Oh my god.” John folded his arms on the table, dropping his head over them, but got up when his mobile beeped a few moments later, walking back into the living room to retrieve it off the coffee table. “Melissa,” he mused, pausing in the doorway, and Sherlock hoped Mrs. Hudson wasn’t too alarmed by his stomach crashing through her ceiling. “Melissa… Oh,
He stretched out a foot, spreading it across the gap between the two beds in the room and pushing at the mattress of the other. “We should mess this one up,” he said, pinching at the duvet with his toes. “Make it look like somebody slept there.”
“No,” he grumbled, placing the cup on the table with a sharp click, the liquid still too hot to drink. “You’re sure there’s no connection? No common coffee shop or petrol station?”
John’s hand was cold where it wrapped up his neck, fingertips draped along his jaw and into his hair, which he tugged lightly, prompting Sherlock to tilt his head just enough to perfect the seal of John’s mouth on his. John’s other hand was wrapped around his waist, tucked inside his coat to press his grey jumper into his hip, and, as he tightened that arm slightly, pressing Sherlock against his chest, Sherlock whimpered faintly, his first real demonstration of coherence. Of course, the shift of his lips allowed John to snake his tongue across the seam, and Sherlock lost whatever ground he’d gained, mind spinning away from him again as he opened his mouth, managing to grip onto either side of John’s open rugby jacket.
“I didn’t get you a desk lamp or anything,” his aunt said from the doorway behind him. “I thought you would already have one.”
John stared at him, defiant, and then wilted with a sigh. “My best friend,” he murmured, looking anywhere but in front of him. “You’re my best friend.”
from the moment he set eyes on him, because Sherlock Holmes couldn’t hold onto things. His mother had called him her star, but he knew he was a black hole, an inevitable death to anything that ventured too close, drowning it in darkness. And now he had torn John apart.
John smiled, rocking on his heels as he began shuffling backward toward the school. “I’ll, er-” he stammered, hand gesturing between them. “We- Later?” he asked, and Sherlock quickly ducked his chin, biting his lip to stifle a grin, but there was nothing he could do about the heat rising up his neck.
“Vodka cranberry,” he said, leaning forward over the bar, his eyes fixed on the back of Sherlock’s head.
John didn’t move for 12 minutes and 27 seconds—Sherlock knowing this because he watched him for every single heartbeat of the clock—and, even then, all he did was close his eyes, a slightly louder breath passing his parting lips. A few seconds later, however, his eyes pinched, his mouth twitching, and Sherlock watched as the hand that rested on his gym bag clenched tighter into the fabric.
“Yeah, see you…Mary,” he fumbled, imitating her farewell gesture, but it just looked stupid on his limbs.
“Did-Did you-” he began again, gesturing back at the building, and John nodded, the dancer’s jaw falling ever further. “Wha- When? How-How long-”
Predictably, John sighed, exasperatedly rolling his eyes. “Of course you haven’t,” he muttered, shaking his head. “Well, come on, then. There’s a Nando’s up the road; I saw it on the way in.” John waited for him to push off from the wall, arm twitching, ready to catch him if he swooned like some bloody Victorian lady.
“Oh, no,” Mary laughed, shaking her head. “I don’t really like big cities. Too busy. And all that noise!” She sighed, as if she could not fathom anyone subjecting themselves to such a life.
John blinked, tilting his head. “Sherlock?” he asked, and she nodded. “Well…yeah. I mean, he’s my roommate,” he muttered, shrugging.
John blinked, looking stunned in a way Sherlock might have found hilarious under less sickly circumstances, and then the most blindingly beautiful smile Sherlock had ever seen bloomed across his face, leaving him equal parts thrilled and terrified that he could make John Watson look so happy. “Okay,” he breathed, dipping a nod, and then unravelled his limbs, incoherent sounds of confusion bumbling from Sherlock’s mouth as he stood.
John stilled a moment, startled, and then relaxed, a soft huff of laughter hissing through Sherlock’s curls as he turned, lifting a hand to card through the hair.
Only human after all, as it turned out, Sherlock neatly folded the sonnet, sliding it in next to the first note with only a small sting of guilt, a feeling quickly assuaged as he lifted the invitation onto the table beside him, John’s number facing up. Lifting his mobile, he typed out a message, trying not to smile too saccharinely to himself.
John smiled. “I don’t know about 2.0; I think I’m the one pulling the coat off better,” he replied, and the man laughed. “But, yes, I’m John Watson. It’s a pleasure to meet you, sir.”
“Congratulations,” Sherlock deadpanned, swatting his hands together to dislodge the last of the makeshift confetti over John’s head before walking back across the room and puddling down to the floor.
. He couldn’t so much as form a coherent thought, his mind seeming to narrow on the pale expanse of flesh between Sherlock’s wrist and where the bundle of rolled fabric pooled at his elbows, and John was overtaken by a dizzying desire to touch, to know if he would be able to feel the muscles responsible for the surprising strength Sherlock possessed, to know the texture of the nearly transparent skin. Would he be cold? He looked like he’d always be cold, all thin and sharp and so,
“I-I-” Sherlock stammered, still shaking his head, and then he looked to John for solidarity, but his eyes quickly widened with affront. “What are you
He flashed a sharp glare over his shoulder, but made no comment. He did linger back to allow John to get ahead of him again though.
“Any flavor shots in that?” he asked, but he could see Sherlock smirking out of the corner of his eye, his face flaming under the stare as he marked the hazelnut addition on the professor’s cup, and he knew, clear as anything, that this was the beginning of his end.
Sherlock closed his mouth, suddenly far too tired to even consider fighting the no-nonsense expression burning through John’s eyes. “Fine,” he grumbled, rising from the bench, but he must have stood up too quickly, his head spinning, and he staggered, John catching his arm.
John lifted an eyebrow in suspicion at Sherlock, who nodded and swatted him away, his version of reassurance, John supposed. John bounced down the stairs, rounding the corner and entering the open door of Mrs. Hudson’s flat. “Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” he called as he entered the kitchen, looking around for the landlady.
“Don’t!” his father exploded, stepping forward, but Sherlock stood his ground, fingers trembling only faintly where they hung at his side. “Don’t you
“So, you think their deaths are drug-related?” John asked, clearing his throat pointedly to diffuse the tension.
,” John repeated, rolling his eyes. “You use the one in the lab; I’ll go down the hall to the communals,” he said, turning back toward the dorm for fresh clothes.
“Pretty damn,” he replied, and then the whole story was pouring out, complete with exact dialogue transcripts Sherlock would have to work on erasing later.
!?” John shouted, and Sherlock recoiled, palm planting behind him as he leaned back over the duvet. “You’ve been lying to me for
, even on the train. We did that once, dear, remember?” She turned to her husband, barely giving him time to nod before continuing. “We were going to Ireland-”
John smiled—Sherlock could tell by the small duck of his head—and then leaned forward, settling his elbows on the table. “My aunt,” he replied. “She’s had it since she was a kid.”
John chuckled, not accustomed to being asked for advice by Sherlock Holmes, but it was something he could very easily get used to. He shifted back on the mattress, moving away from the detective, who looked rather alarmingly hurt by the added distance. His expression quickly shifted, however, as John tugged at the top of the duvet in front of the other pillow, flipping it down. “Go to sleep,” John suggested, swallowing around his nerves as he tried to affect completely confidence.
“Sherlock,” Ben repeated with a nod, waiting for him by the door and closing it behind them. “How are you liking your room so far?” he asked as they descended the stairs, Sherlock paying attention this time to attribute the layout to memory. “Everything in order?”
Sherlock sighed loudly, pausing in turning the door handle to look back at the group, his eyes rolling up to the ceiling.
“Alright, alright,” Victor interjected, waving a hand, and Sebastian dutifully withdrew while Irene rolled her eyes, she and Sherlock never having had much patience for Victor’s self-awarded authority over the group. “So he’s a bit of a cube,” he muttered, shrugging his shoulders as he turned his head toward where the rugby game was breaking up, the lunch hour nearly over. “He’s not all bad. Wouldn’t’ve gotten through chemistry last semester without him.”
Sherlock laughed, hand reaching around to find John’s wrist, and the man pulled the pillow away, Sherlock blinking his grin into focus. “You’re an idiot,” he muttered, shaking his head with a soft smile.
Sherlock’s jaw stiffened, his eyes narrowing minutely, and then he buried himself behind his book once again.
Sherlock finally blinked, his throat bobbing with a swallow. “Is this where I tell you it’s none of your business instead of lying?” he asked, tilting his head, brow creasing.
“Bye!” Sherlock bade, waving over his shoulder as he took off up the path toward the front door, what he thought might be Mrs. Watson’s laugh chasing after him on the autumn breeze.
you. I- It’s not the same. At the flat...without you.” He shook his head at the ground, and, looking at him now, bereft of any emotion or attachment, Sherlock wondered if maybe he did mean it, if he was regretful in the only selfish, manipulative way he knew how to be.
“Well, we had to do our hair,” John joked, Molly sneering at him a moment before her eyes dragged down to the ice pack clutched against his shoulder.
“The whole group is going to be there,” he had said, seeming to look at John’s forehead more than his eyes, “and I doubt you want to bring Chinese for everyone.” He had then smiled, and John had tried to force one in response, but it was hard, knowing he was being lied to.
“Please, sir, I want some more,” Molly whined, leaning against the wall beside Sherlock, who chuckled.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock scoffed, raising his voice as John began descending the steps. “Most of your trousers can stay.”
He would never normally have spoken to his housemaster like that, but there was something in the way he talked about Sherlock, something in the way everyone talked about Sherlock, that singed John’s nerves.
“Have anything for a romantic dinner for two?” he asked, pulling his blue shell suitcase from the carousel and plopping it down next to his feet, Molly’s face a beacon of pink when he looked up.
Irene snorted, and then they all looked back to Lestrade, who was staring at them with something between respect and horror.
Sherlock leaned back slightly, blinking in rapid succession and looking thoroughly nonplussed. “No,” he murmured after a moment.
“I’m you, remember?” John said, turning his head so the words carried over his shoulder. “So, tonight,
John’s fingers dug into his biceps. “Give me the damn gun,” he muttered, turning away from the mightier-than-thou consulting detective and picking up the pistol Lestrade slid toward him. With his left hand, he quickly tugged the earmuffs back onto his head, flicking the safety off the gun with his right. Half-hoping Sherlock hadn’t put his protective headgear on yet, he leveled the gun, bracing with his other arm and emptying the remainder of the clip.
“Um…John,” he murmured, once again looking quizzically to Sherlock, who couldn’t do much beyond shrug.
His own skeptical question played back at him, and then John’s voice came again, bold and bright, and Sherlock gasped at the clarity of it, almost tempted to look around if not for the impossibility of John being there.
Sebastian tugged at the lapels of his jacket, glaring between them both. He then laughed, a high, stilted thing that sounded like he was going to pull out a knife and slit your throat in a second. “Oh, you always did have quite the
“Sherlock Holmes,” he replied, answering Daniel’s firm grip with his charming introduction smile, as he’d dubbed it. “I’m just a student, I’m afraid.”
“Sherlock, please,” he insisted, walking around his desk to take her offered hand. “Let me walk you out,” he said, waving a hand toward the door, and Sandra dipped her chin in thanks, starting out ahead of him. “Molly will have those tests in your inbox within the hour”—Molly looked up from her computer, smiling in confirmation as they passed—“and you can work out an interview time with her later this week.”
“I’ve been otherwise engaged,” he said stiffly, jerking his shoulders out of Victor’s loitering grasp. “Still am, I’m afraid, so-”
Mycroft had been a teenager last week, but he looked so much older now, tall and thin in a black suit with matching tie. He’d forced Sherlock into a smaller version of the ensemble before they’d left, and would probably be furious Sherlock was now sitting in the dirt with it, but Sherlock couldn’t find it in him to care. It might even be nice to be yelled at for a change, the house far too quiet since his mother had gone into hospital last week, what would turn out to be the final trip of many in what he was told had been her second battle with cancer.
“Impossible to say,” Sherlock answered with a shrug, “but I would guess at least five of the recent crimes Lestrade has passed on to me.”
When he pushed open the door, Sherlock was lounging on his bed, feet lolling off the edge, and John knew he was caught the second those grey eyes looked up, not having bothered composing himself as he had expected Sherlock to be in the lab. Sure enough, Sherlock lowered his book to his lap, tilting his head with furrowing brows.
“Maybe not yet,” his father snarled, yanking open a drawer so hard, the whole table scraped forward across the floor, “but it’s only a matter of time. And if I can’t trust you to stay away from him-”
“Really?” Sherlock pressed, eyes glittering with the green lights of the dashboard as John pulled out onto the street. “It’s not the morning rush?”
Sherlock blinked, keeping his eyes closed a fraction longer than normal. “I was just out for a walk. Thinking about the case.”
Sherlock insisted on paying, making John feel more than a little guilty—he was only here on John’s insistence, after all—and they headed toward the massive building, the innumerable windows reflecting the city lights in spots and streaks. Just short of rounding the corner to the main entrance, Sherlock stopped, grabbing John’s arm and holding him fast.
“Alright,” John clipped, nodding down at the page, “we’ll do those two, then. Assuming you don’t mind doing the same ones,” he added, looking up with an uncertain lift of his eyebrows.
“It’s fine,” John assured, shaking his head with a chuckle as he readjusted the ice on his shoulder. “Not like you could hit hard enough to do any real damage,” he added, grinning across at the man, and Mike rolled his eyes, goading John into a laugh as they rounded the corner to the waiting group.
“Lestrade!” Sherlock called out, crossing to lean out the doorway of the kitchen as Greg turned around. “I- Can you tell Anderson?” he asked sharply, and John stared at the side of his face, mouth agape. “About…this?”  he added, tipping his head just slightly in John’s direction, and John narrowed his eyes, trying to remind himself he had no right to be offended even as his hand clenched at his side.
“You made it!” he cried, stopping rather abruptly in front of him, his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides like he didn’t know quite what to do with them. “Thought you might’ve gotten lost.”
“With chocolate chips,” he concurred, pulling the bag from a shelf while Sherlock went in search of a mixing bowl.
Devon’s glance was only a minute flicker in his direction, an almost imperceptible turn of his head, but John knew the moment that ball would leave his hands, soaring diagonally back through the air toward him.
“It’s festive,” Sherlock said, entertained enough to play devil’s advocate, and, sure enough, Mrs. Hudson scoffed.
“You,” he said, suddenly forceful, his arm swooping a bit as he tried to point up at Sherlock’s face. “You…you…” he repeated, voice trailing as his hand drooped, finally hitting back to the bed with a weak puff of displaced cotton, but his eyes seemed to grow even more focused, dancing over Sherlock’s face. “You’re not fair,” he breathed, and Sherlock knew then, could hear it in the plea of his tone and see it in the desperation of his eyes, that John would answer if he asked.
Eventually, however, with his left arm pinned between them, his shoulder started to twinge, the muscle in dire need of a stretch, and he reluctantly shifted away, swinging his arm back between them to stretch out across the vents behind Sherlock’s seat. “Sorry,” he muttered, lifting his right hand across his body for a moment to massage the stiff joint. “Guess I should’ve left that ice on a bit longer.”
The man’s face pinched in confusion, his head tipping. “Matchmaking? Like one of those…dating app things?”
“Exactly!” Sherlock exclaimed gleefully, turning back to John as he reached the top of the flight. “We could name it something abhorrent like Fluffy or Snowball or Oreo.”
“Yes,” he said brightly as he climbed in after. “Just wait til New Year’s. I plan to hire an assassin.”
John stared up at the ceiling as he thought. “I dunno. Before school started,” he offered, not mentioning that he had not spoken to her since, not beyond the occasional brief-as-possible exchange of ‘still alive!’ texts, at least. Christmas was going to be well beyond awkward.
“A platonic female acquaintance?” she echoed, voice tart, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, slumping over his half-eaten meal.
“What did you mean?” he repeated, inches from her wide eyes. “All that about him being helpless, being out of control, what did you mean?”
“Ah,” John murmured, glancing between his watch and the waiting wooden door. “Well...yes, I-I suppose you should go, then.” He lifted a fist, coughing into his fingers. “I imagine that sounds more appealing to you as well, Mr. Holmes,” he said, waving a hand at Mike with a thin-lipped smile. “You’ve thrown your fair share of events; I’m sure you have strong opinions on floral arrangements.”
A young brunette sat on the chair beside the window, her long legs crossed in tight black jeans that opened to shiny red heels. She was watching the dark-haired dancer, the two of them chatting idly while he practiced, and, though there was nothing obviously romantic about it, it still set John’s teeth on edge. She got to be in the
“Mrs. Hudson’s coming up to check on you,” John said, a conduit for Sherlock’s own realization. “Probably heard you talking,” he added, glancing back at him briefly, and then began to blur, the darkness creeping in to muddy his edges.
Sherlock’s eyes burned across the room, his fingers balling into fists, and John held his breath in anticipation.
Opening the back door, he hastily shuffled his gym bag and textbooks out of the way, expecting Sherlock to take the vacant spot, but Irene slid in past him, swatting him aside as he made to protest.
“And a storm trooper!” he cried, looking at a white figure arranged near the black one as if it were a miracle of modern science. “Holy
“Settle down,” Mycroft sighed, pushing Sherlock’s hand down with his own, thick-fingered one. “I only wish to convey my concern for your wellbeing. A mole in Scotland Yard is serious, Sherlock. You don’t want to go getting in over your head.”
Victor’s mouth dropped open, eyes bulging like a dry-drowning fish, and Sherlock shook his head, ready to drive the stake home when a small voice sounded at his side.
They nodded, Mycroft returning the gesture before taking his leave, and then both turned to Sherlock, following the man’s back as he made tea at a pace that would make watching paint dry look like a nail-biter.
Absentmindedly, Sherlock shook his head, slowly dragging his hand away from John’s neck. “I-I don’t- I don’t understand.”
“And I regret ever passing it along,” Lestrade snapped, and Sherlock smiled down at his phone where he spun it in his fingers. “Honestly, I only told you so you’d be sensitive, not so you could rip him apart!”
Squeezing around an ambulance parked near the fence, he managed to slip past the police line, racing forward through the courtyard toward the crest of the hill, the rugby pitch almost in view before there were arms on him again, frailer arms partnered with a voice so shocking, there was a moment he didn’t even struggle.
“So now he has to prove you wrong?” Mike asked, grinning, but it quickly turned into roaring laughter when John shrugged. “Oh my god, you’re
“Avian ileum.” He looked at John over the top of the mobile, growing bored with the demonstration. “I did try to explain it to you.”
“I just-” he stammered, licking his lips and averting his gaze. “We’re on an overnight road trip for a rugby game!” he said, smiling as if this were a grand treat. “Can’t we just…leave work behind? At least for a little?”
“Oh, right, I remember now! You were kind of a big deal—getting that much playing time your first year.”
called in a favor,” he drawled, lifting his brows, and Sherlock scowled, twisting his face away. John just smiled fondly at him, always having the oddest reactions to Sherlock’s belligerence. “You should call him,” he said, and Sherlock shook his head. “Sherlock, it’s Christmas.”
Sherlock’s heart skipped an entirely impermissible beat, and he swallowed hard, steadying himself for no real reason other than personal pride, no one there to see him whether he bit at the corners of his nails or not.
Sherlock hovered a moment, conflicted, but he really did have to go, so he turned around, temporarily perching the cup on the edge of a nearby table as he made to snap on the lid. He almost missed it, the lid halfway over the drink before his brain blared at him to stop, and he quickly pulled back the covering, staring down at the message hastily written in swirling brown penmanship.
Sherlock smiled, shaking his head over the mouth of his coffee mug as he hovered it below his chin. “Because tomorrow isn’t our anniversary.”
“We could get out those paints we used for the Christmas mural,” she suggested, grinning impishly. “Write ‘Blond Barista seeks Dashing Ballet Dancer: Inquire Within’ across the front windows.” She lifted a hand, trailing it through the air to illustrate the grand proclamation, and then laughed when John tossed a nearby rag at her—a clean one, he’d made sure. “Seriously, though,” she said, peeling the rag off her shoulder and dropping it to the counter, “how much longer are you gonna do this?”
“Well, because my lab is right there,” Sherlock explained, though it ought to have been obvious, “and that room is rather isolated. Keeps me far,
. Here.” He pointed to the dates of the murders, turning back to Lestrade over his shoulder. “The second and third victims were murdered very close together, but there’s a gap between the first and second, double the time between the latter two.”
John chuckled, turning around to pull his pillow from the head of the bed before flopping down onto it, staring up at the ceiling as he bit his lip, mentally constructing his next sentence. “Ya know, I only work until noon,” he started, shrugging an unseen shoulder against his navy duvet. “I could come by after. Help you lot with the setup.”
“I’ll call my aunt in the morning,” John said quietly, but steadily, although his gaze fluttered over to the wall rather than stay on Sherlock. “Get a cab to her place. And I’ll-I’ll email Mr. Parish or something, see if he can-” He paused, his firm composure breaking only for a moment as his chest leapt with a sharp breath. “If he can sort something out for a room.” His eyes held on the wall a moment, and then he nodded, an almost invisible gesture to himself before looking flatly back to Sherlock. “I’ll… I’ll see you around,” he said stiffly, and, without a backward glance, turned and left the room.
Slowly, Sherlock stretched his left arm over his body, gently wriggling the iPod from John’s hands before the sleep-slackened fingers lost their grip on it. He turned it off, and then sat it between them, next to John’s thigh on the seat, trying not to tug on the wires of the headphones still in John’s ears.
“Mrs. Hudson,” Greg explained as he passed, bobbing his head in beckoning as he began hauling Sherlock’s suitcase up the stairs. “House manager and chief whip-cracker.”
“Nothing,” he dismissed, waving a hand at the package Sherlock had been about to store in his locker. “You can open it,” he said, shuffling closer as he dropped his voice. “It’s-It’s kinda stupid,” he muttered, gripping a hand around the back of his neck. “Actually, it’s really stupid, but- Well, after-after last night-”
It wasn’t that he didn’t love John, fairly sure he’d fallen long before the blond had even stumbled, but he couldn’t find the right moment to
“Maybe,” Mary replied, shrugging a shoulder and draining the last of her cocktail in one gulp. “He was back yesterday; maybe he’ll become a regular.”
The wallpaper ran along only one wall, the other three a purple-leaning maroon, a plush gray area rug circling a section in the center where two tufted wingback armchairs and a small table sat. In the corner stood a grand piano, open and glinting in the foggy winter sunlight, as if it had been expecting him. The long wall opposite was overtaken almost entirely with cabinets and shelves, instruments of all shapes, sizes, and sections displayed on stands behind glass or shelved in their cases, while the stretch of wall behind the door was reserved for an alphabetical-by-composer collection of sheet music in a line of wooden filing cabinets.
“I suppose I’ll go with you as well,” he said, directing it to Mrs. Hudson, his hands clenching together behind his back. “Otherwise, it’ll be just me and
“Then why keep it?” John asked, disappearing down the corridor, Sherlock’s bedroom door squeaking a moment later.
,” he stressed, the muscles in his neck tensing. “Wanted to see exactly what flavor of farce I was getting myself into.”
The man was breathing in stereo, John close enough to see the spit shooting from his mouth as he panted through his teeth, but his attention was quickly drawn down to the gun in his hand, the barrel of the heavy pistol glinting as it caught the lamplight streaking through the windows. “Where are you!?” Mr. Curtis snarled, pointing the gun around the room as he started forward, and John held his breath, watching his ankles as they passed. “I don’t wanna hurt you,” he continued, a sentiment somewhat at odds with the finger he held on the trigger, “I just want the phone.” He continued to stalk farther into the room, turning the gun this way and that as he peered under tables and desks, and John shifted in his hiding place, peering between the boxes to get a look at the man he felt he already knew.
The man was staring at him again, but, at the moment Sherlock had first looked up, he hadn’t been looking at Sherlock’s eyes. His gaze had been focused on his lips, a trancelike expression overtaking his face, but he quickly blinked up to meet the look Sherlock fixed on him. He parted his lips slightly, as if to speak, but then the thought drifted from his face, blue eyes flickering yellow in the firelight as they roamed aimlessly over Sherlock’s face.
They stopped, turning from where they’d been arguing beside the table to see Donovan walking through the door, Anderson and Lestrade right behind her, and John thought ruefully that their timing could not possibly be worse.
Molly opened her mouth with a small click, clearly intending to argue the point. She seemed to think better of it, however, and just sighed, shaking her head as she leaned back in her chair and grabbed the remaining menu. “Do you want any food?”
“Sherlock-” He attempted, moving forward, but Sherlock downright darted away, enviously eyeing the door behind John’s back.
“Yes,” he mused, as if only just realizing he was in his final year of secondary school, “I am.” He stared at the floor a long moment, eyes darting side-to-side, seeming to be reading a text Sherlock could not see. “Still,” he continued, turning back to him, “you don’t have to worry about it. Just…maybe don’t talk about John so much around him anymore.”
”—Sherlock frowned at the emphasis, his brow creasing even more as Mary looped an arm through his—“is Sherlock.”
“Oh, here we go!” she trumpeted, clapping her hands beneath her chin and bouncing in her chair, watching the first round of waiters appear carrying trays loaded with salads, and conversation waned for a moment, Sherlock ducking his head to whisper toward Mycroft’s shoulder.
“And maybe it’s my fault,” John continued, spinning back to him with a helpless shrug. “Maybe that’s my mistake, always loving people too much to save myself,” he barreled on, but Sherlock’s whole world stopped, freezing on those few simple words John had just dropped between them, rolling over the syllables like it was nothing,
The tree was tall, but not quite wide enough to completely obscure his frame, and Sherlock wrapped his arms tight around his legs, tugging his ankles in as he tried to make himself small enough to disappear.
!?” John spluttered, backing away from her, head shaking incredulously before he snapped his face to Sherlock. “How are you just
“How big of her,” John teased, reentering the living room to drape himself widthwise across his chair. “What did Mycroft go through for again?”
“Er, John is right here,” John interjected, grabbing a carton marked with a scrawled ‘Green Curry’ as he passed behind Sherlock. “And, incidentally,” he added, flopping down in Sherlock’s chair, the flaps of the container coming unhinged beneath his fingers with pops of cardstock, “he prefers brunettes as a rule.”
He didn’t feel anything. Nothing apart from guilt over not being able to feel anything, but, still, he’d
Sherlock wasn’t a joy to live with all the time, of course, John having found more than his fair share of deeply disturbing things in the fridge, but it was something else entirely to be able to see him sleeping, to know what it looked like to see a shooting star at rest, because Sherlock never stopped for anything while he was awake, leaping from one project or case to the next with no regard for his personal safety or dietary habits, but John loved him just as much then too.
“I thought it wouldn’t hurt,” he murmured, watching his hands wringing in front of his chest. “If I didn’t care, if
The pressure on his lungs—and his response—lifted somewhat, Sherlock managed to draw in a full breath. “Okay,” he said with a nod, and John’s shoulders fell with a heavy sigh of relief.
. Apparently, they had read it together when they met for lunch on Tuesday. Apparently, they had made plans during Wednesday’s class to meet at Lindsey’s again the next day. Apparently, they had stayed there until it closed, because John hadn’t gotten back to the dorm until 9:23 Thursday night.
At first, he tried to avoid touching him, keeping the light pressure only to the surface the cloth bandage covered, but that quickly proved too difficult to maneuver, and he was forced to steady Sherlock’s hand, tentatively cradling it in his palm as he unfurled the tape with the free right hand.
With shaking hands, he lifted his mobile in front of his face, flinching as he was confronted again with John’s message, and then quickly tapped the call button, lifting the speaker to his ear.
Now, however, exhaustion was beginning to creep in, and Sherlock had cradled his head on John’s right shoulder, looking across to the opposite side of his chest where the black scrawl he’d noted earlier was visible, words tattooed in Latin over his left shoulder. Sherlock traced the lines of the script with his fingers, writing out ‘Quo Fata Vocant’ over and over as he listened to the faint thump of John’s heart.
Sherlock’s eyes turned to Irene, giving John the opportunity to swallow thickly and collect himself. “You’re still here?” he muttered.
The room Sherlock led them to was airy and bright, wide windows stretching across the right wall. There were several long, high tables set up in rows, wooden stools sitting behind them, and roughly a dozen students were already perched around the room. It may have just been first-day nerves playing with his imagination, but the room seemed to quiet dramatically as they entered, and he could feel eyes tracking their progress to the back of the room.
It was too late to do much of anything but drink and go clubbing—neither of which he, let alone Sherlock, was inclined to do—but John so wanted to get out of the flat, even just to walk down to the 24-hour Tesco and get junk food they didn’t need. He was opening his mouth to say as much when the doorbell rang throughout the building, and they turned to one another, confused.
“You could come, ya know,” John offered, turning to face Sherlock as he leaned against the edge of his desk, his hands folded over the base of his spine. “I know it’s just try-outs, but if you have nothing better to do.” He shrugged, not meeting Sherlock’s eyes. “Mike will be there.”
“Yeah, it was pretty good,” John said as Mary finished, looking up at him with a slight flush to her cheeks.
“John,” she said stiffly, nodding as she stopped, standing just in front of him, the height difference all the more irritating with her slightly elevated position on the hill.
As they started down the street toward the tube station, the sun broke through, shafts of light shimmering through the moisture still suspended in the crisp morning air.
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock crabbed, shaking his head as he lowered the irrefutable evidence to his lap. “It doesn’t make any
Well, perhaps liked was too strong a word, and John couldn’t be sure he was even listening to a word of
“I will,” John quipped back, spinning around as Sherlock laughed, and then grinned to himself all the way to the kitchen, garnering more than one worried glance from his coworkers.
John smiled as he watched them, folding his arms and nudging Sherlock’s arm with an elbow as he swayed closer. “It really was amazing, you know.”
“Er, hi, Mr. Holmes,” John muttered, flicking a wave, the quiver of his hand a little more obvious than Sherlock would have liked. “I, er- Professor Telham couldn’t stay after school today, so-so we just came back here to work on our essays,” he explained, never mind that the essay assigned to Sherlock’s year was on an entirely different topic than John’s, not to mention the chemistry book still open beside John’s leg, but his father wasn’t paying any attention to that, eyes narrowing between them with his usual suspicion.
“Yeah,” he replied, shifting his unnecessary glasses on his nose. “Wasn’t sure anyone would get it.”
John was still asleep on the sofa, but light was creeping ever-closer to his resting place, and Sherlock knew it wouldn’t be long now, resolving to make the process as painless as possible.
“Maybe nothing,” he shrugged, “but probably something. She’s made a bit of a name for herself on the circuit as the go-to for high profile clients who want something a bit, er…
A groan, a shift, a twisting of limbs, and then a tousled, half-wigged head—short blond and curled brown meeting in perfect halves—turned toward him, blue eyes wrinkled with a grimace. “Vatican cameos,” John muttered, nodding with a wince as he clutched at the shoulder that seemed to have taken the brunt of the fall. “Vatican cameos.”
“As soon as you get out of the line, run left,” he began, his voice low and rapid, “then duck back in to the center and have Warrick pass the ball to you.”
“Oh, shit!” Mike spluttered, eyes wide with horror as John let out a small gasp of pain. “I’m sorry, are you-”
Molly clutched her hands together, staring listlessly after where he had figuratively vanished into the wilderness. “I'll follow thee and make a heaven of hell, to die upon the hand I love so well,” she concluded, and then dropped her hands, turning to the class with a smile that signaled the end of the production.
The day, however unpopulated, had been draining, his meeting with parliament in the morning and the lunch that wouldn’t end ensuring he was running on fumes before even arriving at the hospital fundraiser meeting, but he had tried to summon something from the reserves to at least appear present while the committee bickered about flatware and the inane like. Normally, it wouldn’t have been difficult, a plastic smile his default facial expression after so many years in the spotlight, but a pair of gray eyes prickling at the side of his face had prevented him from sliding into passive listening, keeping his nerves tingling and senses heightened.
There was very little to go on, and he still thought figuring out the method would be the best way to identify the killer. Although, he was nearly positive it was the victim’s boyfriend, Michael Parker, but it wouldn’t do any good without proof, and, right now, all he had was proof that the man
He then quieted as Sherlock started once again reciting the characters’ lines, wriggling a little closer on the side of the hill, and it was all Sherlock could do to keep talking as the boy’s tan hand pressed against the back of his own, a little too firm for even Sherlock to write it off as an accident.
His eyes were fixed straight ahead as he blinked, and it was a long moment before he could even manage to close his mouth, a swallow quickly following. He then dropped his face, gaze flitting aimlessly over his lap as he ran over every detail of the exchange in his mind, not wanting to forget a single syllable.
Sebastian Wilkes smiled at him, and John shifted slightly between them, shoulder overlapping Sherlock’s body in the doorway. “Sherlock!” he beamed, arms stretching wide, but he made no move to come forward, and Sherlock made no move to either.
John smiled, biting his lip to keep from laughing. “Okay,” he soothed, and Sherlock glared at him, a little uncertainly, as if not quite sure he should be offended. “I’m gonna get you something, alright? I’ll be right back.”
He was still awake an hour later, staring up at the triangular shadows of the leaded windows when footsteps creaked through the corridor outside. They paused at his door a moment, Sherlock staring at the spot in the wood he imagined John’s face sat just beyond, heart hammering in his chest as his breath stalled in his lungs, and then they moved on, a door squeaking shut at the end of the corridor a few seconds later.
Sherlock winced at the shout, the beginning of the crash already prickling beneath his forehead, but it worked well enough, the woman appearing in her doorway with a
Sherlock snapped his head up, mouth dropping open as his eyes narrowed in affront. “Are you suggesting I was using you as
there?” he demanded, waving an arm across to the boy, but Sherlock only tilted his head, frowning at him, expression the same eerie impassivity it had been all through practice.
For a split second, just long enough to feel the beginning spike of panic, but not so long to yet understand why, John did nothing, simply holding Sherlock to him as Sherlock pushed against his mouth, and then, tentatively, his shifted his lips, even that small movement sending a shiver shooting up Sherlock’s spine. A blink later, however, and his shiver turned into a gasp, one of John’s arms tightening around his waist while the other lifted, tan fingers tangling in Sherlock’s hair, pulling him close and tilting him slightly as he fit their mouths more firmly together.
“Yeah,” Sherlock confirmed, and John glanced over his shoulder to see the blond man silhouetted against the light shining through the glass front door.
“Don’t worry about it,” he assured, watching Sherlock steadily until he was forced to take a sip. “I talked to all your teachers. They were actually pretty shocked,” he said, shifting off the bed, which was still their two mattresses pressed together in a large white square. “Have you never been sick before or something?”
Sherlock didn’t even like Christmas, not really. Sitting in the back of the cab on the way to the crime scene, he wrinkled his nose at the packed streets, full of harried shoppers with red noses and eyesores of scarves tucked into their coats. There were lights strung overhead, glittering vines spread over the street between buildings, and window displays sparkled and flashed from every side, all of it giving Sherlock the beginnings of a headache, but there also an indefinable
crossword puzzles John could find. Sherlock had said he enjoyed doing them, but wasn’t religious about it, so there were bound to be some in there he hadn’t memorized at a glance five years ago or something ridiculous like that.
“Did you learn that during your illustrious affair too?” John quipped as he thumped down the steps of his flat building.
“Hello?” he mocked, swinging around to Sherlock’s opposite side, and then, for the first time, whipped out the chair on the end of the table, angling it so he could perch on the edge. “You’re awfully formal for a Monday.”
Of course, John and Mary were cast as Lysander and Hermia—Sherlock rolled his eyes even now just thinking about it—and he and Molly had been given Demetrius and Helena. The fact that he spent the beginnings of the play also chasing after Hermia was something he was violently ignoring, to the point of not even wanting to rehearse the lines from his scene with Molly that referenced it.
He gathered himself regardless, lifting his chin and forcing what he hoped was a smile. “Thank you,” he replied, bobbing a brief nod to the sergeant, who smiled frailly back.
“Don’t make people into heroes, John,” he said, firmly holding John’s gaze. “Heroes don’t exist, and if they did, I wouldn’t be one of them.” Silver-green eyes clung to him for a moment longer before Sherlock looked away, a heavy pall hanging over them in the resulting silence.
“What- What are you-” he started, but that wasn’t the question he wanted to ask, John attending a party he was invited to hardly a curious thing in itself. “Why are you here?”
“No, don’t do that!” Harry urged, shoving at his arm, and he looked up in surprise to her fierce expression. “Don’t go blaming yourself! It wouldn’t have mattered if you were there or not.”
“But I’m explaining it!” Sherlock countered, and John laughed, turning his face away from the screen
He hesitated a moment before replying, buying himself time. “No,” he said slowly, his finger freezing as he found his target. He tapped the name, grazed across the green, phone icon, and waited. A shrill ring bounced around the cabin of the car, and John’s lips twitched in satisfaction as he ended the call. “No, you’re not keeping me from anything,” he added casually, smiling as he pocketed his phone, “Mycroft.”
“I can find Mary,” Molly offered, valiantly smiling on. “We can work on our bit at the end of Scene I.”
“You mad bastard!” Devon shouted into his ear as he clenched his fists in John’s jersey. “You mad, fucking bastard!”
“Hey,” he whispered, perching on the side of the mattress as Sherlock turned his head blearily toward him, John tilting his mobile away so as not to shine directly on his face. “How ya feelin’?”
John forced himself to breathe, trying to synchronize with Sherlock’s rolling lungs, but his heart would not allow it, demanding oxygen as it pounded against his chest. It was ridiculous that this was the moment, that it wasn’t something more obvious, like his roaring jealousy over Sherlock’s date with Molly or his aroused shock at seeing Sherlock in a plaid shirt, but, here he was all the same, literally staring it in the face—well, the hair, at least. He was attracted to Sherlock Holmes, and bloody hell if that didn’t need to stop right this second.
“I know,” Sherlock interjected, smile slightly less painful as it twitched over his lips, but it did nothing to dull the concern in Lestrade’s eyes, which creased critically as they searched over his face.
“Are you-” John started, concern evident in his features, and then Sherlock’s heart, stomach, whole entire world sank as he saw the suspicion spark in John’s eyes, an ember slowly fanned to flame as the boy searched his face.
“I need to show you something,” John interrupted, and Sherlock blinked up to him, alarmed a moment before confusion creased the pale skin between his brows.
John nodded, looking back to the woman. “Cheers,” he said, touching lightly to her elbow in thanks as he moved away, and Mary smiled, bobbing a nod before heading back to her post.
“I’ll take it under advisement,” Sherlock replied, and John snorted, the two of them trailing water and ice as they made their way down to the dorm.
“Seriously?” she muttered, rolling her eyes as John frowned. “I don’t know how no one’s figured out you two are a couple yet,” she added, and he cast a quick wary glance around, but there was no one close enough to hear, and they were all paying attention to Sherlock and Molly anyway, “walking around with those cartoon hearts over your heads.”
“Wow, this place really cleared out,” he noted, looking around the near-deserted café, completely deserted if you didn’t count the barista wiping down tables on the opposite side.
They stood there a moment, staring at their entwined hands, and then smiled, John giving his palm a reassuring squeeze before pulling away.
“It’s only 4,” she remarked, chuckling as Sherlock grunted, passing across a handful of coins as she rang in the order. “Extra
It was a picture of a simple room, spacious and bright, with wide windows along the back wall. The room was painted a warm grey, with wooden furniture and pale yellow chairs positioned behind the twin desks, and blue floral bedspreads could be seen protruding from behind the two figures standing in the center of the space. One of them was his mother, her smile tired, but still warm as she shook hands with a figure John did not recognize, a woman with short brown hair and a large blue overcoat.
“Mrs. Hudson does,” John said, massaging his jaw as he shifted it side-to-side, stopping in front of Sherlock to peer into the kitchen, giving him a birdseye view of the rising red palmprint on his cheek. “I’ll go grab some.”
“You were?” Irene questioned, her eyes disconcertingly sharp, a look Sherlock knew meant nothing but relentless follow-up questions. “You never told me that.”
“Because I thought,” Sherlock charged on, a small portion of tea splashing over the side of his cup as his hands moved erratically, “seeing as I’m the one who was told you were
He narrowed his eyes up at the detective anyway, if only for his own satisfaction. “Right,” he groaned, pushing on the arms of Sherlock’s chair as he leveraged himself up. “I’m going to bed. What time ya wanna head back to Langley tomorrow?”
“Alright,” John said, taking a breath. “Ready?” The tall, brunette version of himself and definitely-not-Superman beside him nodded, and they stepped through the door, holding in stiff formation as a line of three.
“Come on, then,” he muttered, bobbing his head out at the street ahead of them as he started to walk, and Harry beamed, turning to fall into step with the two of them. “So, where’s Clara?” he asked after a moment, looking around as they crossed the road. “I thought you said she was here.”
“Yeah.” He rocketed left, Sherlock going the opposite direction, and didn’t stop his frantic shuffle of legs and feet until he was out the cafeteria, down the corridor, and around a corner, far,
“Phillip,” Sherlock replied, because this was going to be bad either way; he might as well use the man’s name. “Enjoying the holidays, I presume?” he added, a small gesture of sociability he hoped would at least mildly placate John, who was always tutting at him for refusing to make small talk with waitstaff.
Sherlock couldn’t answer immediately, his own mind screaming the same question at him. He rallied quickly. “Well you can’t very well stay here alone. You’ll disturb my carefully crafted system.”
“Are you alright?” Mrs. Hudson’s breathy concern rushed down the line, and Sherlock couldn’t help but smile, his head shaking fondly as he replied.
“Sorry,” Lestrade muttered as he lowered the flashlight to his side along with his gun. “You hurt?” he asked, nodding toward John’s hand gripped around his shoulder.
Sherlock smiled, following along after him as they headed toward the kitchen where the samples were laid out. “I like the green.”
“You’ve got a lot on your mind.” Irene lifted her brows, Sherlock not so far gone as to not recognize a taunt when he heard one, but she turned her attention to Ethan before he could compose an appropriate response. “I’ll be right back, gentlemen,” she said, pointing between them. “Try not to watch me walk away.” She turned with a wink, ignoring Sherlock’s retching at her back, but Ethan laughed, seizing the momentary pause to swipe a carrot into his mouth.
The first thing John saw was brown paper sacks held up to obscure the head and torso attached to long legs clad in tight black denim.
“Mhmm,” Sherlock murmured as he stomped through the elaborate, marble foyer, and John glared furiously at the back of his head. “Ah, Lestrade!” Sherlock chimed as he swept through a doorway. “And Anderson,” he added, his tone and face falling into disdain. “Here to miss more evidence?”
“See ya,” he answered, and then watched as John walked away to the desk, his interaction with the blonde as they switched shifts not hurting quite so much as it normally did.
“What is it?” the man asked, something in his tone grating over Sherlock’s skin, a subtle condescension that set his teeth on edge.
Not that he’d have needed to hint, Irene joking about him drooling for the rest of the night, which knocked her off the suspect list too, he supposed. Unless she was doing it as a joke… No, they’d evolved past mind games a while ago; she’d have simply walked up and slapped him if he’d done anything to earn her ire recently.
A cascade of snow fell down on John’s head, a spectacularly indignant yelp bursting from him as Sherlock tore toward the door, and, though nearly slipping on the ice for laughter, he made it, pulling the glass door shut behind him just as John’s retaliatory snowball hit with a heavy thunk.
“Then I’m better off with the person with the gun, aren’t I?” he snipped, stepping onto the floor, hands planted on his hips.
Sherlock smiled, the glint in his eye that always indicated he was about to show off. “It’s hardly a matter of what age you
“But you don’t really, do you?” Sherlock continued, taking a minute step forward to bring himself level with John. “No, of course not. Even you can’t be that thick. It would take an even bigger idiot than you to miss that the team is
“Maybe he’s embarrassed,” Molly had suggested, a preposterous supposition John had initially scoffed at, but, the more they had talked about it, the more likely it seemed, and John was now firmly convinced that the only reason Sherlock hadn’t told him about doing ballet, the only reason he was so determinedly lying about it, was because he was somehow ashamed. He probably didn’t tell anybody, his level of secrecy on the subject certainly lending that assumption a fair bit of credence, and, as soon as John admitted to already knowing, it would be fine, and Sherlock would be relieved, and they would all live happily ever after and probably make out for days.
“Lestrade called this morning too. Well, last night, I suppose, but I got the message this morning,” John said, shrugging a shoulder as he drew his coffee to his lips, and Sherlock’s fingers clenched around his fork as he suppressed the urge to smack the mug from his hand. “Said he might drop by later. He said something about paperwork, but I suspect he just wants to check up on us.” He smiled down at his plate, and then lifted his eyes, the curl of his mouth collapsing almost comically as his gaze met Sherlock’s.
“So I did. Aren’t you lucky to have me? Now, is one of you gonna take these bags, or is chivalry truly dead?” She looked between them, blue eyes piercing out of their black lining, and John and Sherlock sighed simultaneously, each grabbing the bag closest to them.
The ride with Mycroft had been strained, but at least it was distracting, his mother and father sweeping him into party preparations the second he was released from their arms. He’d had a couple hours to himself to get showered and dressed, but even then he’d been occupied—his mother popping in to make sure nothing needed a steam or polish; his father offering cufflink options that each came with a story. By the time the party had started, Sherlock was boiling in his skin, itching for a moment of quiet, a moment to breathe, a moment to at least scratch the grating surface of a problem not even a train could outrun.
“No, tell me!” he urged, and it was clear Sherlock wasn’t getting out of this without some sort of spectacle, the barriers holding back the tangle of pain and fury wearing thin in his racing mind. “Tell me why that is so
“Well, there’s no sense being modest, dear, not with a talent like yours. In fact,” he said, the tone of his voice turning pointed as he leaned around her to lift a brow at John, “I believe the prince himself has one of your paintings in his rooms at the castle.”
Sherlock’s eyes stuttered over a blink, fingers curling to fists inside his pockets. “A lifetime,” he replied, and then darted quickly to the side, losing her in the crowd as he barreled away down the corridor.
It wasn’t quite as crazy as he’d expected, though the music was predictably too loud and the lights a touch too energetic, but everyone was still upright, most people mingling around the edges of the dance floor as opposed to right in the thick of it. Then again, it was only 10.
pale. Come ‘ere,” he said, beckoning Sherlock to lean forward with a curl of his hand, and Sherlock, glaring, complied. John cupped his chin with gentle fingers, bending down to look closely into Sherlock’s eyes. Frowning, he pulled his hand away, turning it to place the backs of his fingers to Sherlock’s forehead. “You feel a bit warm,” he murmured, and Sherlock scoffed.
“Yeah, it can get pretty hectic,” he replied, smiling back at her, and this time he was positive he heard an amused chuckle over his shoulder. He opened his mouth to continue talking to Mary, when Mr. Tyson came in, and he settled for giving her a quick nod of assurance that they would continue later. He narrowed his eyes briefly back at Sherlock, and received a smug half-smirk in return. Shaking his head, he turned back to the front.
Sherlock followed his path with his eyes, and, when he looked back to the house, Mrs. Watson was gone, the door closed as a shadow moved across the front windows. Closing the passenger seat door, he backed up a few steps, opening the back one on the same side, and climbed in next to John, or as next to him as he could get with John’s bag firmly—and probably strategically—placed on the seat between them.
“Order takeaway and watch Doctor Who reruns,” he mumbled, and John slapped a hand to his mouth, trying to muffle his guffaws. “By myself,” the detective added even softer, and John desperately needed air.
John opened his mouth to reply, and then stalled, deflating with a single long breath as he dropped his face to the hardwood floor. “I’m sorry,” he murmured, blinking up through his lashes, but Sherlock shook his head.
“Why don’t you sit down?” she interjected, waving a hand at the chair beside her. “Your fish is getting cold.”
Sherlock laughed, and the conversation drifted from there: Greg asking about his research project, while he inquired about his detective constable training.
Sherlock blinked, caught off-guard by the frantic desperation of John’s speech. “I-I know,” he murmured, and blue eyes tore away, jaw setting as he looked toward the fire pit. “I just- You said you’d never seen a fireworks display, and you didn’t tell me that until
A soft chuckle hissed through her teeth. “You may yet reconsider that. My son can be…strong-willed.”
“Then why stay?” The floorboards creaked as John stood, a rustle of clothing announcing a small step closer, and Sherlock looked back over his shrugging shoulder, speaking to the man’s shins.
“Don’t do that,” he muttered, and Sherlock chuckled, pushing up from the furniture and starting across the room.
“No!” John blurted, maybe a bit too quickly if Molly’s widening eyes were any judge. “Er, no,” John continued shyly. “I-I just wanted to make sure she wasn’t worried, is all. No need to bother her with it.” He felt like his face smiled, but, whatever it was, it prompted a smile back from Molly.
“No, come on, you have to try,” he coaxed, and Sherlock allowed himself to be ushered up to sitting.
He cringed as the football players floundered over the harmonies, the gaggle of girls in front of them almost squealing loud enough to entirely drown it out, and Sherlock wondered vaguely what the real source of excitement was: the message from the secret admirer, or having that message delivered via serenade by a bunch of fit Year 13s.
Sherlock shrugged in response, scratching something else into the margin with a mechanical pencil John recognized as his own.
The warmth emanating from her tugged at his chest, and he smiled gratefully back, somehow thoroughly at ease with her already. “Thank you,” he said, rising to his feet from beside the suitcase. “So, are you- Uh…” He trailed off, both not wanting to pronounce his roommate’s name wrong, and not wanting to get the relation wrong.
“Ambassador Hedley no more owns that room than I do,” Mrs. Hudson snapped back. “His Highness requested his friends be housed in the castle through the ball. Last I checked, we take our orders from
John nodded, his face then turning thoughtful. “Or was it the knot of his tie? A stain on his tie? I don’t remember exactly, but the point is”—he lowered his head, the moment shifting along with the sincerity of his voice—“Sherlock is very,
“What are you doing here?” he hissed, checking on John out of the corner of his eye as he pushed Mycroft back out the door, closing it behind them.
“Unless you want to stop this altogether, which makes sense, I suppose,” he muttered, and John gaped, not sure how that many any sense at all.
The cloud moved in slow motion, a swirl of black smoke rising high into the sky, the bottom tinged with yellow and orange as flames rolled up with the debris, but then the car turned a corner, cutting off John’s view of everything but the thick cloud slowly spreading out like a blanket over the rugby pitch he knew would lay just below.
“Conservatory, ten minutes. Try not to stink.” He rounded the corner, disappearing from sight, and Sherlock turned to the others with a frown.
“Hey, what’d you think of that final?” the blond asked, chuckling as Sherlock grimaced. “Yeah, me too,” he murmured, shrugging a shoulder, “but I passed, so who cares?”
Like when John slipped off his mouth to press his lips to Sherlock’s jaw, lightly at first, just a graze that sent a shudder rippling through his body, and then suddenly urgent, trailing a path down his neck before pooling at his collarbone, teeth scraping over the hard surface he never sucked on
Sherlock sighed, but obliged, giving the closest bartender a nod when he happened to glance their way.
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
John’s mouth opened in a silent gasp, skull quite possibly splintering the wood, he threw it back against the door so hard, and his nails dug into his palm as he clenched his fists. “Fuck!” he panted, lips quivering as Sherlock lowered further down his length, tongue swirling along the ridge his fingers had previously occupied. “Holy shit buggering fuck!”
Sherlock scanned over his face, the puzzled creases in his forehead deepening. “Tomorrow?” he echoed, eyes widening in surprise as John nodded.
“Sorry!” she panted, not the slightest bit apologetic, and Sherlock shook his head, lifting up onto his toes just enough to see the entirety of John’s face when he grinned, and, though he’d be at a loss to explain it, he felt for certain John’s eyes were on him.
In retrospect, it would have been highly beneficial to tell Sherlock that Mary had all but thrown him at the detective instead of leaving the story on the somewhat troublesome detail of a kiss, but it hadn’t gone anywhere, and he thought he’d made it very clear it was never going to. Still, there was no mistaking the serrated scowl John could feel slicing across his cheeks, and he fidgeted uncomfortably as he looked across to the oblivious Mary and Molly on the couch.
cold,” he contested, but a sudden breeze gave him away, shoulders trembling before he could suppress it.
work up the gumption to ask, and by then you’ll have built it up in your head to be something horrible, and-”
“Oh, please, you’re gay, not blind! You could count all his hairs without needing to take off your shoes!”
“I talked to Mrs. Hudson last night,” John said, and Sherlock frowned, wondering if he had perhaps blacked out and missed a portion of the conversation. “She lives on Baker Street now, owns those flats next door to Speedy’s. She said the rent was so cheap because there hadn’t been much interest, but I think she’s just lonely, ya know? Wants to have somebody she knows close by,” he explained, shrugging a shoulder, and Sherlock nodded, understanding the words, if not the point. John then hesitated a moment, shifting his weight between his legs before stepping forward, tentatively looking up at Sherlock through his lashes. “I-I called her last night,” he muttered, curling his fingers to fidget at the cuff of his jacket. “Might have even woken her up. She said I didn’t, but…” He trailed away, rubbing a hand up the back of his neck as he shrugged, and then seemed to steady himself, straightening his spine and pinning his arms to his sides. “She said she could have the place ready this weekend,” he stated, and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed with a suspicion he couldn’t quite parse out the cause of yet. “I mean, there’s still a bit of work to be done—something about a kitchen backsplash, whatever that is—but, so long as we don’t mind living with wet paint for a couple weeks-”
“No,” John interrupted, and Sherlock imagined him shaking his head, imagined the creases of his forehead, the stiffness of his mouth. “He didn’t try anything. But Mum-” He faded off, and Sherlock pressed the phone hard to his ear, as if he could interpret something from the silence if he just got closer. John’s shaky exhale was like a gunshot when it came. “She’s so angry,” he said weakly. “So angry.”
“Molly!” a man behind the display case greeted, beaming. He had short, grey hair and wrinkled, brown eyes that landed on Sherlock. “And you’ve brought a new face! I’m Daniel, the barista, baker, janitor, and, incidentally, owner,” he chuckled, extending a large, calloused hand over the counter as they approached.
Sherlock rattled his head. “No idea,” he replied, moving to where he was storing his suitcase on a corner chair. He rifled through it, locating his dark blue jumper, and then pulled it over his head, tugging it down across his white t-shirt to meet the blue/green plaid trousers.
John grunted, tugging the blanket down from the back of the sofa and trying to wrangle it around himself. “You were right,” he murmured, frowning in deep concentration as he attempted to find the long edge, “about the scotch.”
The first thing he did when he rounded the corner was text John, the second thing was nearly cry with relief when he replied, and then he met the officer Lestrade had summoned to take him home, the two of them riding with silence as Sherlock tapped away at his phone, responding with mechanic ease to John’s stories about the game and after party.
It was the day of John’s interview at Bart’s, and he had hardly slept the night before, tossing and turning until he finally woke Sherlock up with whispered questions as to his state of consciousness. Sherlock had glared at him for a moment, and then softened, sighing around a murmur of going to make coffee. That had been at 5am, and now, after a long day of barely keeping himself from screaming during classes, it was 4pm, John’s 6:30 interview ticking closer and closer on the watch he couldn’t help but check every few seconds.
And that was when John looked at him, confusion pinching the bridge of his nose a moment before he smiled, a soft tilt of his lips that nevertheless glowed, Sherlock just returning the gesture before John was pulled once more into his mother’s thrall, laughing as he took a first bite at her urging.
Sherlock swiped his coat up from the floor, shaking his head bitterly as he forced the garment on a hanger, his cheeks burning. “Idiot,” he muttered, and then smiled in spite of himself, pulling a dry pair of pajamas from his drawer for no reason other than personal preference.
The feeling didn’t agree with him. “Well, I imagine a rather large quantity of glue was involved,” he sniffed, but John only smiled at him, apparently unaffected by the show of disgruntlement.
“What!?” John snarled, spinning on the spot, letting the door he had been halfway through close behind him as he fixed the startled man with a glare. “What do you want me to say? I said it was fine, so it’s fine, alright? Now, can we please just-”
“Yes,” he said, bemused. “After all,” he added, reaching down to take Sherlock’s hand himself, heaving the man to standing, “where would we be without our Consulting Coach?”
John blushed further, but it could have been the anger Sherlock could see in the creases around his eyes. “No! Your coat is bloody ridiculous, but no, Sherlock, I was trying to prove people
“I’ve already told you, John,” Sherlock muttered as they approached the pitch, “you will most certainly make the team. There will be no arse-kicking involved.”
knew that. “Nothing,” he muttered, lifting a hand as he shook his head. “We’ll figure it out tomorrow. Anyway, night.”
John stepped forward, his movement catching Lestrade’s eye, and the man turned back, watching him warily. “John Watson, lighting rod of genius,” he said by way of introduction, smiling brightly as he extended a hand. “Business cards are still in the post, I’m afraid.”
Blinking his eyes away with a rough swallow, he closed the door behind him with a sharp click, determined, at the very least, that, if anyone were going to kill Sherlock Holmes, it would be him.
John blinked down at him, hand still tangled in the emerald wool over Sherlock’s ribs. “So...it’s a rich-people party?”
“What?” he muttered, and Molly’s brows twitched, as if considering a frown, but her expression smoothed out with pity a second later, and she swept across the linoleum in a blur, crashing into his chest again as she clenched her arms around him. “Molly, what-”
First, I get a lot of messages from you all that contain things like "Sorry to bother you", "Sorry if I'm being annoying", "Feel free to ignore this if you're busy", etc.
“We can’t be friends anymore, John,” he said stiffly, managing to sound genuine in his conviction that time, a bitter victory that rolled in his stomach. “I-I don’t want-”
“Until you said it wasn’t,” John strained as he stumbled out of the tub, pushing Sherlock’s arm down slightly under the pressure.
“Hey!” he greeted, still a bit breathless, his eyes bright with victory. “Sounds like there’s gonna be a bit of knees-up in the common room if you guys wanna stick around,” he offered, but Harry shook her head, looking over her shoulder to include Clara, who was slowly creeping forward now that the coast looked clear.
“Oh my god,” he breathed over the exact same words breaking through the speakers from Alice, although in a much more frantic tone.
this! He didn’t know how to handle being around John all the time, having him there but not quite there enough. He didn’t even understand it, couldn’t fathom the logic behind the dreams that shifted John’s sleeping breaths to quicker ones, to gasps, to stuttered words that always blended to his name, and then he would wake up, palm pressed to his groin as he darted frantically across the corridor to his lab, burying himself in an experiment until his weakness subsided.
Stevens looked across at him in surprise, and Sherlock smirked, ducking out from under his hand as the man glared at him.
It was an odd sensation, being with John, a sort of familiarity he would have guessed would take months to achieve, but they fell into it all the same, an intrinsic understanding passing between them in hitched breaths and muttered syllables. John pushed and pulled exactly when he needed to, never giving too little or taking too much, and, quite suddenly, Sherlock found himself on the brink, crying out as John’s three fingers crooked unerringly into his prostate.
Sherlock licked at his lips, pressing them tight in what, by all accounts, looked like contrition, which only made John’s glare sharpen. “I just- After the last interview- Well, I don’t know what’s going to happen, and there are things I would rather you not hear…”
“Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson sighed, leaning inside the open, car door, “will you please get out. The man has to go.”
“It would,” Sherlock replied with a shrug, “but it would also look like you were trying to make a good impression.”
John was still in the kitchen, stirring sugar into one of two Dalek-shaped mugs in front of him, but turned when the floorboards creaked under Sherlock’s steps, smiling as his eyes swept the borrowed attire. “Nice ankles,” he quipped, nodding down to where his trousers fell a few inches too short on Sherlock’s frame.
Now, it was Friday afternoon, and John nearly cried with relief when Lestrade handed him the files—because Sherlock was far too busy sulking to walk out to the gate and get them his damn self—as he had much more important things to worry about that appeasing Sherlock.
“Well, try to keep it that way,” the man advised, and John’s eyes narrowed at the tender tone. “I still remember you hobbling around school after
Sherlock smiled, lifting his brows with an unconcerned shrug. “I suppose we have the wrong carrier then,” he remarked, and then turned his back on them again, moving to the kettle and flicking it on. “Any of you care for tea?” he asked, feeling a twisted sort of happy that everyone looked appropriately thrown by his offer, or perhaps it was the smiling. “We don’t have much variety to speak of, but the Tetley’s in date—which is marvel enough, to be honest.”
“What did Mycroft want?” Sherlock asked, materializing at John’s side, the silent appearances no longer even making him so much as widen his eyes.
John bit down a hysterical giggle. “No,” he scraped out, shaking his head, “it’s my roommate. Sherlock?” he called, opening the door wider, the detective’s head popping up around it as though he had just been alerted by the sound of his name, an act John wasn’t buying for a second. “Sherlock, this is my sister, Harry. Well, Harriet, but-”
Molly rolled her eyes, smiling as she waved him to follow her while she moved across to the espresso machine. “Yeah, keep telling yourself that. I know you didn’t just
“I didn’t hit it on purpose,” Sherlock grumbled, and John chuckled, dropping his eyes once again to Sherlock’s marred skin.
John smiled, pressing the menu to the table as he folded his arms to mimic Sherlock’s posture. “I do
“I will,” Sherlock promised, smiling softly at the woman’s fierceness, however unnecessary the worry was.
Sherlock interjected by walking across the room and wrenching open a door on the left side, which John hadn’t even noticed due to the fact that there was a large poster of the periodic table plastered over it. “It’s much more convenient for my experiments,” he said with a shrug.
In the brief seconds the referee was shouting the familiar commands, John shared an exasperated glance with Mike under their arms, and then the mess of shouting, scraping, shoving bodies began, the pressure only alleviating as he saw the ball shoot out past his legs.
!?” he spat, mouth dropping when Sherlock scoffed at the obviousness of the fact. “How could you- Why would I even
John tried, god knows he did, to stay interested. He asked all the right questions—“And how was that?” “Did you see any sharks?”—made the appropriate interjections of surprise—“A
“2:30,” he repeated with a nod, holding Sherlock smile a moment before turning toward his car, but Sherlock once again beckoned after him.
“Right,” he breathed, and Sherlock quickly turned, trying to make his escape, but John called him back just before he rounded the corner. “Sherlock!”
He nodded again. “Mr. Trevor is a friend of my father’s from the club.” He dropped his eyes, turning his face to focus instead on the swirling red pattern of the upholstery on John’s chair. “They’ve been coming to the ball the past couple years. That’s how we met. Initially,” he muttered, the words already free before he thought to cage them, and he shifted his gaze to the floor, plucking at his fingernails over his chest.
“Yeah,” Sherlock assured, John making an affirmative sort of grunt before his steps retreated, and Sherlock flipped his head upside-down, scrubbing the towel through his hair.
Parker had given up the name. He didn’t know anything else, Moriarty apparently having gotten in touch through a rather dubious associate of Parker’s, but it was still plenty to go on for Sherlock. They’d only communicated in text messages, likely from a burn phone that would lead nowhere, but that said something in and of itself, and the fact that Moriarty had been the one to indirectly reach out about eliminating Claire Jones? That said even more.
For a long time, Sherlock didn’t move, his face a mask of marble, nothing but the involuntary motions of his breathing proving he was still flesh and blood, and then, all at once, John saw the dam break, an invisible tidal wave cresting over him as Sherlock’s brimming eyes bored clean through his own. “How could you do that?” he breathed, shaking his head, and John felt his breath hitch in his lungs as a lightning bolt of agony split out over his heart. “How could you just leave?”
“Er,” he muttered, clearing his throat as he flicked his fingers at the glass, “you, um- She- There’s-” He looked up at John helplessly, a whisper of pink getting the profound privilege of gracing his cheeks, and then John followed his gaze, heat rising up his own neck.
John blinked, and then his face split around a dazzling smile. The expression faded though, turning puzzled as his focus shifted to something around Sherlock’s arm. “Is that- Is that St. Edward’s Crown…made out of Legos?”
“Jesus!” John spouted, wrenching his fingers free as he whipped around, steadying his back against the shifting metal wall.
It was a ploy, clearly—whether by Moriarty to distract him, or by Victor to bring him back in—but that wasn’t the part that bothered Sherlock, wasn’t the reason he could feel his stomach slowly being eaten away inside him.
The bark was cool and rough through his jumper, a crisp whisper of wind tugging red leaves down in a shower of sparks, and Sherlock shivered, plucking one off the page of his textbook and wishing he’d thought to layer.
“I wasn’t going to threaten you,” she said, and Sherlock quirked a brow. “Okay, fine, maybe I was,” she muttered bitterly, and Sherlock chuckled, quickly stifling it as the girl glared, “but that’s not what I’m going to say
He wobbled a moment, shifting his feet to steady the sudden addition of weight, and then glared at her, Irene’s feet kicking lightly at the air as she wrapped her arms around his neck.
Alice looked up from the screen at him, mouth agape and green eyes blinking owlishly. “How did you figure
His grip tightened around the vial, obscuring the liquid from view with his white-splotched fingers. Blue eyes formed in his head, shattered with surprise and hardened with disappointment.
“Even better!” John chirped. “Always like to know they’re going to a good home. Why don’t you fill out that section and I’ll make the calls while you finish.”
Sherlock nodded briskly, but there was an edge of pity in the tilt of his head. At least this was going to be a mess for both of them. “We-We
Christmas, but no one came over anymore. Not that we invited them.” He shrugged, as if unbothered by that particular side effect. “But, I suppose…” He paused, looking back toward the window again. “I suppose it isn’t the worst thing. Being normal,” he mused, and then turned a slow grin to John. “Or so I’ve been told.”
John clamped a hand over the man’s mouth, lifting a finger to his lips as Sherlock’s eyes flashed with indignant fury, and then nodded out to the hall, Sherlock going still as the office lights dusted over his face.
“A tragedy,” Mary said, Irene glaring at the mock sincerity, but their server arrived before she could give profane voice to the expression.
Of course, there were some unforeseen complications, namely a certain John Watson himself, sweaty and dirt-streaked and
“Right,” he clipped, bobbing his head in the direction of his car, and Sherlock dutifully followed, neither of them speaking until they’d reached the small green automobile. “Sorry,” John muttered as he noticed the textbooks in the passenger seat, reaching up between the seats to snatch them out of the way after storing his bag and ice pack in the back. “I’ve been, er, taking them to work.”
Pedestrians turned as he passed, their eyes widening with trepidation while they shuffled further out of his way, and he might have been offended if he wasn’t sure he looked just as frightening as their expressions would suggest, his mind racing and breathing ragged as he flew down the pavement. He was putting one foot in front of the other as fast as he could without calling it a run, but he had no idea where he was going, the only things clear in his mind being the black car following behind him and the look on John’s face when he’d left, and he tried to rattle the latter loose with a brisk shake of his head. It was no good though, blue continuing to blink at him wherever he looked, and he thrust his hands into his pockets with a self-directed snarl, shoes slapping the grey pavement as he stomped on to nowhere.
John stilled, looking from his hand to Sherlock’s eyes, a question buried somewhere underneath the fear, and, though Sherlock could no longer even feel his face, it must have done something to convey permission, as John’s focus shifted back to his fingers gently pushing into Sherlock’s hair. So slowly it might have taken hours, he brushed a curl behind Sherlock’s ear, fingers continuing down in a tingling trail along his jaw, and then came to rest against his chin, thumb stretching up to tremble against Sherlock’s bottom lip with a gentle touch that hit like lightning.
Sherlock stared at him, blinking, and then barked a delayed scoff. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he muttered, fighting a losing battle with the sleeves as he attempted to tug them down. “I told you. Heroes don’t exist, and I wouldn’t be one even if they did.”
“Oh, you must be John!” she exclaimed, her pink-rimmed mouth stretching into a wide smile. “I was hoping you’d arrive soon. I wanted to meet you before I left.”
He’d met John almost exactly six years ago—his first year at uni, John’s third—when John was working at a local department store Sherlock had unwittingly wandered into looking for a Christmas present for his mother. He’d left it far too late, as usual, and had been considering giving the whole thing up in favor of the tried-and-true gift card, when John had wandered over, brilliant smile over the cliché white nametag.
Sherlock dropped his eyes to the ground, shifting his weight between his feet. “Yes, I- I suppose- What you did...back there”—he flicked a hand back toward the law office, eyes darting everywhere but John—“that was, um…good.” He cleared his throat, lifting a hand to scratch at the back of his neck, and it was then John noticed something that pushed aside his impulse to gloat.
Horrific embarrassment notwithstanding, it was comforting to know Mycroft could still be surprised, though he recovered quick enough, reeling his eyes back in and straightening up with a clear of his throat. “Dinner is about to start,” he said, smoothing his jacket with a tug. “Everyone’s gathering in the ballroom.”
Sherlock puffed a small laugh, allowing himself just a moment to beam like a moron as he lay down on his bed, holding the phone in front of his face as he settled onto the pillow.
“You know, one of these days, you’re gonna have to talk to him,” she cast back over her shoulder, and John scoffed.
. The right clothes, the right tone, the right body language, and people so easily assume you belong there, they don’t even question you looking a bit young.”
“THEY ARE MANUFACTURING THEIR PRODUCTS TO BREAK AND THEN CHARGING A PREMIUM FOR EXCLUSIVE, INACCESSIBLE SERVICES, but that’s...that’s not the point.” He cleared his throat, avoiding Sherlock’s smug gaze. “I’m just saying we should put a cap on it. A
“Coming to this one’s rescue,” Lestrade broke in, waving a hand at Sherlock, who rolled his eyes, a gesture of annoyance somewhat tempered by the restraints still tethering his wrists. “John just bailed him out.”
He didn’t deserve it, to be the one comforted when he’d so clearly caused it all, but that was just John, and Sherlock could do nothing but hope he someday earned the freely-given faith, but, maybe, it wasn’t faith at all, maybe there was a better word for it, and, as Sherlock began to calm, breathing against the cooling patch of damp wool, he realized with a shock to the stomach that it had been true for him for a long time too.
Coach Powles certainly seemed to think so, his eyebrows rising as he nodded, clearly impressed. “Interesting,” he said, scratching a note on his clipboard, and, with that familiar word, John suddenly remembered Sherlock was waiting for him. “Well I’m sure we’ll find a place for you. Best hit the showers before all the hot water’s gone,” he added with a flash of teeth.
The better part of an hour passed, John awkwardly fielding compliments from gradually drunker teammates (although how they were managing that with Coach Powles there, he had no idea) until he managed to hide himself in a corner, mostly obscured from view as he slouched down against the back of an armchair.
They kept the conversation light, the queen asking more questions about the origins of the business, all of them laughing at some of Molly’s better anecdotes about the throes of a startup, including an ill-advised speed dating event they’d sponsored at university.
“Well, it worked,” Sherlock remarked, something buoyant bouncing around his chest at the thought of having friends who’d stage a coup in a building full of firearms—or friends at all, for that matter. “I presume they’re on their way here now?”
Sherlock started toward the center of the castle, the temperature dropping slightly as he approached the open, marble foyer. Drawing closer, he could hear hushed voices hissing in sharp tones, and slowed his steps to increase his eavesdropping time.
- mentioned that he had mentioned the Halloween party to me last week; caused John to do that thing with his jaw that always means I’m going to be getting a lecture
“I, um- I can’t tomorrow,” he muttered, John’s stomach threatening to roll up his throat before the man hastily explained. “There’s this movie thing the society puts on once a month. Usually we just use one of the auditoriums, but, when the weather’s warm enough, we set up a projector on the roof of the student center. Irene wants me there early tomorrow to help set up. Well, she says ‘help’,” he added irritably. “It’s usually just me doing all the work while she tells me to move things two inches to the left.”
“John’s the captain this year,” Molly supplied, waving a hand at him. “He wasn’t last year, but he scored the game-winning try, so they put his picture up there.”
,” Sherlock sighed, John’s chivalry frustrating as ever, “consider it a thank you gift. For letting me stay here.”
Sherlock stopped just behind her chair, hand hovering over the drink he had been about to pass down, a wary expression passing over his face as he looked questioningly to John, who just shrugged.
Sherlock blinked, mouth closing as he simply regarded John for a moment. “Are you genuinely asking me why I didn’t inform you of your own romantic relationships?” he asked, skeptical.
Sherlock nodded with an affirmative mumble, reading quickly through Lestrade’s message as he scrolled.
“Fair enough,” he replied, halfway through flicking open the tab when he paused, a frown creasing his forehead. “Wait, tomorrow?” he questioned, lifting his face to John once more, who slowly turned back from fetching his own takeaway box.
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head as he pulled at the front of his purple dress shirt to straighten it. “I told you, we have to blend in. You’re doing enough damage to our credibility wearing that jacket as it is.”
Irene’s teeth clicked together as she snapped her jaw, but she quickly pushed the anger from her face, melting into an easy chuckle that spelled nothing but trouble. “You know, you’re my favorite type, John,” she began, and Sherlock felt the air charge with the incoming threat. “All big and strong, your typical alpha male. And then I get to tie you up and tear you apart at the seams, rip down all your tough-talking walls until there’s nothing left but a sniveling pile of muscle
“Nothin’ wrong with that! Gotta get an education before you can make it in the big leagues like me!” He laughed at himself, Sherlock chuckling along with Molly in reply. “Usual spot, Molly? Or do you want somewhere a little more private.” He winked, and Sherlock courteously became very interested in the sign denoting bakery offerings as Molly flushed and stuttered.
“Do you want to be read-in or not?” Mycroft snapped, but there was faint flush of pink around his collar, and Lestrade seemed to notice, not looking the slightest bit intimidated as he shrugged.
hear the end of it.” She beamed, so bright it could only be disingenuous, and dropped into the car without another word, the taillights igniting and rolling away from them a moment later.
there,” the blond continued, and Sherlock frowned, John reaching in quickly in the pause to drop off the bread and butter so he could make himself scarce.
“Holiday Inn Express,” John answered, the previous portion of the conversation catching up. “The one on Holton Drive.”
Thursday, he left an apple and a package of granola bars on Sherlock’s lab table. He hadn’t seen him eat since Saturday, and he thought Sherlock might have looked at him a little softer when he walked into English that afternoon. He was still sitting back away from John, however, so maybe it was only wishful thinking.
“Hey,” said a voice at his shoulder, and he turned, finding Irene smirking at him as she approached. She lifted her hand aside her face, rattling a box of cigarettes, and then bobbed her head toward the corner of the building. “Come on,” she said, starting off ahead, “I’ll spot ya one.”
Mrs. Hudson chuckled, and then her forehead creased, eyes panning up and down. “You must be freezing in those old things,” she fussed, waving a hand over the borrowed ensemble. “These windows are
John scoffed. Thinking around the back of the sciences building with cigarettes? Yeah, that sounded terribly productive. He chose to ignore their previous conversation altogether, opting for bitter condescension about the latest development.
“When?” John snapped, spinning to glare up at him. “When were you going to tell me? When you had it all figured out? When you could flip up your collar and put on a show? I could’ve
“John?” Sherlock questioned, leaping up to follow as John rounded the corner, his footfalls thunderous as they descended the steps. “Where are you going?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, his patience for this conversation running lower by the second, and then looked clear over John’s shoulder, leaning to the side to make the slight even more apparent. “Text me if Lestrade arrives before I get back,” he directed to Mrs. Hudson, turning to the door without so much as a passing glance at John, but Captain Watson had apparently reported for duty that day, and John stepped forward, slipping his shoulder between Sherlock and the exit, one tan hand pressed flat against the door. Sherlock stared down at the fingers a moment, his vision blurring as it blazed red at the edges, and then slowly lifted his chin, fixing the man with the darkest glare he could muster. “Move,” he growled, but John didn’t so much as flinch.
Chemistry made sense. Not to John, obviously, who was leaning precariously forward on the edge of his seat as he watched with wide-eyed awe, clearly perplexed as to how an innocuous, bear-shaped candy could cause such chaos.
Sherlock stared at him, half-convinced he was in a dream, but the thundering of his heart was real enough, and, very slowly, afraid any sudden movements might scare the moment away, he smiled faintly back.
“Because it’s red and it has my name on the back,” John said stiffly, and Sherlock’s eyes nearly popped out of his head. John stared at him a moment, and then sighed, the fury in his eyes faltering as he shook his head down at the floor. “Look, I-I had a speech,” he began, gesticulating with the garment, something Sherlock saw upon closer inspection was a hooded sweatshirt, the Bart’s rugby symbol displayed on what must be the front. “It was all planned out, and it was romantic as
Sherlock lifted his head, frowning. “Of course I’m talking about John,” he snapped, letting anger rule for the moment.
John kept most of his weight off him, balanced on his knees and arms as he hovered over Sherlock, and it was almost more maddening
“You can still tell, though,” she said, gesturing up at the window through the spring rain that had blanketed London all day. “They’re both thin, dark hair, attractive-”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, it’s not,” he chuckled, and John sighed, dropping his head in resignation as he climbed up the mattress to flop down next to Sherlock.
The restaurant was loud and, to Sherlock’s dismay, crowded, traversing the dining room something of an obstacle course of chair legs and trailing coats, but the food was good, and the company better, Mary gleefully recounting her latest horrible customer story from the cafe where she worked.
“I switched shifts,” he explained, tipping his head. “I have to leave a few hours early on Friday, so I swapped half my shift with Sarah. She’s the one who works just before me on Fridays,” he added, and Sherlock nodded, smiling through the churning of his stomach as the auburn-haired girl flashed before his eyes.
Ethan Carlisle sat before them, leaning back in his chair across the paper-littered table. He was 22 or 23, average height, with short, brown hair and dull, green eyes. His posture was relaxed, and it wasn’t a front, that much was obvious. There was nothing guilty about him; he was every bit the picture of smug.
towards it”—John did genuinely chuckle a little at that—“but it’s really not entirely unbearable. Just me, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft and the staff. Half of them are trained killers, of course, but I think that rather adds something to the festivities.”
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
“Good thing it wasn’t a puppy, eh?” John joked, but his nerves were obvious in his voice, and even more apparent in his features when Sherlock finally could look at him, the blond smiling hesitantly as a hand mussed the hair at the back of his head.
Sherlock closed his eyes, a scant moment to feel sorry for himself before he replied. “I-I may have stayed here…a few times in the past.”
on hold until I got you right, but-” He paused, closing his eyes to the floor as he dragged his teeth over his lip, and then gusted in a quaking breath, eyes blinking rather too much for Sherlock’s heart as he lifted his chin again. “But I would
“Cheers!” she called to the cabbie as she closed the door, but he merely grunted and waved absentmindedly over his shoulder before driving off. “Right then! Sherlock, can you grab my bag?” she asked, turning and walking back toward the building behind them.
better to do than sit around texting me while you drink protein shakes and plait one another’s chest hair!?”
? This was choreographed, calculated down to the most minor detail. It was patient and delicate and hiding in plain sight. This was art, and Michael Parker, while he was the killer, was certainly no artist. No, there was someone much smarter whispering in his ear, and Sherlock was determined to expose them both. He just needed the
John came to stand beside him, both of them waiting in silence and watching Ethan. “Doesn’t exactly seem the homicidal maniac type, does he?” John said quietly, his arms crossing across his chest.
They sat like that for some time, the only sounds breaking the dark quiet the occasional popping of the fireplace, punctuated by John’s turning pages and Sherlock’s scratching pencil.
,” Sherlock replied, passing John his drink and taking a bag of popcorn before leading the way to two beanbag chairs at the back, far removed from the rest of the group. “The first one; whatever it’s called.”
Looking closer now, Sherlock realized it wasn’t entirely authentic, John appearing a little too clearly in the dark of the flat, his movements a little too smooth, too effortless, but, still, Sherlock’s subconscious ought to be commended, every inch of the man in front of him recreated in gut-wrenching detail, right down to the stain on his left shoe from when one of Sherlock’s beakers had broken, leaking liquid down over the side of the lab table. He knew he ought to be worried, ought to be calling some hotline right now instead of talking things out with a figment of his imagination, but, if was going to go crazy, there were worse ways to go.
“I- Considering it was probable that I would be in attendance at some future rugby match,” he began, John’s lips trembling with quelled mirth as Sherlock’s cheeked darkened, grey eyes pointedly averted as his hands rolled and flitted through the air in jagged gesticulations, “it seemed sagacious to glean a better understanding of the mechanics of the game. So, I-I was researching it a bit, and I don’t- There’s one thing I don’t quite understand.” He turned as the microwave chimed behind him, allowing John a moment to smirk at the pink back of his neck. “How does offside work?” he asked, popping open the steaming bag, and John chuckled, shaking his head as he held out one of the small bags to be filled.
“Go to sleep, Sherlock,” John interjected, not unkind, but not up for discussion either, and, with a sigh, Sherlock tucked his head back into John’s chest, counting the beats of his heart until John brushed a kiss against his hair and distracted him.
It didn’t, of course, because Mr. Tyson began reading, and it didn’t sound like English at all. They then began an analysis of the first stanza, and John dove into his bag for a mechanical pencil to jot down the translation. His hand bumped into a larger, paler one, and he snapped his fingers back just as Sherlock’s pulled away.
“So, not to be a cliché, but…do you come here often?” John asked. “It’s just that I do—my flat’s right around the corner—and I’ve never seen you or Greg here before.”
Sherlock lifted his head, smiling a bit brighter now, and they simply looked at one another for a long moment.
Sherlock’s grip tightened on the envelope, his smile a little bolder this time as he nodded, echoing the soundless sentiment with his own lips before moving ahead through the door. All through packing up, his smile held, growing to something of a grin in spite of his best efforts to subdue it, because what did it matter how many other people gave John valentines? John liked
“John!” someone shouted, and the blond blinked, as if startled there were still other people in the world, his mouth parting almost dazedly as he turned toward the sound.
“Mhmm,” he hummed, moving his fingers up to Sherlock’s forehead, which was creased with confusion as the man’s squinted eyes blinked blearily up at him.
John looked mutely between the article of clothing and Sherlock’s face, clearly expecting the latter to burst into laughter and reveal some grand joke. “No,” he finally said.
Sherlock called the cab, per usual, John shaking his head and muttering about ‘black cab magic’, also per usual, and they piled into the backseat, Sherlock giving the cabbie the address before settling into John’s side, sentimentality be damned.
John glared over his shoulder, creeping toward the door. “It’s not safe! Whoever it is, they’re probably after you.”
“Tired?” John incorrectly assumed, pale blue pajama trousers grazing the floor as he picked at a hole in his white t-shirt.
The muscles in Sherlock’s forearm twitched slightly to grab for him. Instead, he nodded, albeit curtly.
Something prickled around the edges of John’s nerves, synapses crackling with suspicion. “Why?” he asked, eyes narrowing.
“Well…alright,” John agreed, still sounding hesitant, “but don’t think this means you can go through mine.”
On Monday, Sherlock was in early, his fears over his table being in jeopardy growing with every day that came closer to exams. He timed his arrival just so, appearing right in the middle of a class change—the people heading to one already gone, and the people just released not yet arrived—and, as such, snagged his table, depositing half of his backpack out over the surface so no one would be tempted to ask if they could use the other side.
Sherlock stilled, glancing to the cupboard across the room where he knew his yearbook was kept, but it was hardly worth the trouble with somewhere around 200 students in Year 13, and, besides, whoever it was might not even be in there if they were new.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, fingers gripping into the fabric he had been holding in his lap. He cleared his throat, and then lifted the object, stretching it between his hands as he smirked at John over the top.
Sherlock slipped the phone back into his pocket, tilting his face up to the ceiling as he blew out a breath, trying to calm the anxious wriggling in his stomach, but it would not be placated. There was no reason for him to feel this way, thick slimy guilt swatting at his insides and slithering up his throat, but he
John chuckled into a sigh as he sat up. “I told you to bring your coat,” he chided as he began shrugging away his jacket.
At some point, after their coffees had gone dry, Greg’s phone buzzed, the flush in his cheeks leaving no doubt as to who it was.
clause in Galerrean law that states any prospective heir to the throne must be married by the age of thirty or forfeit their spot in the line of succession. Some nonsense about producing heirs,” he added in a mutter, his distaste palpable. “Her Majesty has managed to convince them to give the prince until his thirty-first birthday in July to be married, on the condition that he is engaged by Christmas Eve, but they refuse to offer an extension. The prince is willing to marry whomever his mother deems most appropriate for the sake of the crown, but we—that is, the queen and myself—also want him to find someone he’s…compatible with. And then I came across an article about you and your agency, and, given our time constraints, your…
kind of same, as if the boy had reverted to his factory settings. Not that there had been anything wrong with Sherlock to begin with, but he had softened since, become less cold, less withdrawn. At least, John had
“HOW DARE YOU!?” Mr. Holmes shouted again, rattling him against the wall as Sherlock kicked blindly at the man’s legs, trying to thrash free. “HOW
Irene smiled, shifting the box in her arms to reveal the paper plates and plastic cutlery inside, and John reached out, placing his hands on the cardboard sides.
Irene nodded, distracted, her eyes drifting to the living room window, the late morning light seeking out the shades of auburn in her dark hair. “Eight years,” she murmured, and John went still, his eyes locked on the side of her face. “I don’t- I don’t even know if I’d recognize them anymore. Or they me.”
John smiled, the gesture likely hidden in the growing dark. “I’ll stay too then,” he said, and Sherlock snapped his face toward him. “Who else is gonna help you when you set yourself on fire?”
“Fine,” Mary muttered bitterly, taking the drink Sherlock passed to her before following his progress over to Molly, “I take it back. You’re perfect for each other. Just live out the rest of your cynical lives together telling small children there’s no Santa Claus.”
she needs protection, she’ll find us,” he said, folding his arms over his chest. “No one can find Irene Adler when she doesn’t want to be found.”
“No,” Mike insisted, shaking his head, his brow furrowed in concern. “I know you, John; you have good instincts. If you think there’s something not right…” He shrugged, the remainder of the words implied.
“It wasn’t,” Sherlock muttered, stepping to the side of the tub and holding out a hand for John to brace himself with, “but you were skeptical.”
“Because I had a terrible date and then almost drowned on PG Tips.” He pulled his hand off his throat, reaching toward the remote with a childish grabbing gesture, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, picking it up and placing it in John’s waiting fingers. “Aw, you do care,” he crooned, beaming as Sherlock stuck out his tongue, and then input a channel, the screen changing to a football match.
When it became clear that Sherlock wasn’t going to elaborate, and John began to genuinely worry about how seriously the boy was staring at the ground, his eyes flitting back-and-forth frantically, he cleared his throat.
“Nearly ten,” Sherlock replied, resting the book over his thigh. “But you can go back to sleep if you’d like; I solved the case.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock wheezed, unable to see anything beyond a kaleidoscopic version of the room now, afraid to even continue his sentence, feeling that any opening of his mouth might produce vomit rather than words. “Please, don’t. John, please, don’t.”
, I suppose, because nobody’s paying me for it, but I- I’m a consulting detective,” he said, and John blinked twice in quick succession, wondering if that was supposed to make sense. “Which doesn’t mean anything,” the man continued, shaking his head as if reading John’s thoughts. “I invented the title. And the job, actually.” His eyes darted nervously over the file, fingers tapping at the table as he swallowed. “I-I help the police sometimes,” he explained, looking up at John through his lashes. “With cases. I can- Well, like what you did,” he said, waving a hand between John and the now-empty table, the man having asked for the check and made himself scarce. “Except I can do it with anyone. All the time.” He fell silent, hands twisting over the pages in front of him as he looked up at John, eyes darting between his as if waiting for something inevitable to appear.
“I told you he always watches you bend down to get hydrochloric acid,” she chirped, dragging in a breath before releasing a slow swirl of smoke from her rounded lips.
“Good afternoon,” he greeted none too warmly, stepping aside and inclining his head as he waved them in. “Mr. Lestrade. Mr. Holmes.” He added individual nods to each of them before turning his focus to Sherlock. “I’m Philip Anderson, head butler here at Lornesse. May I take your coat up to your room with your bags?” He held out his hands expectantly, Sherlock looking between his palms and the end of his rat-like nose.
“Oh,” Mrs. Hudson huffed, flitting a hand at him as she drew closer. “You and Sherlock, of course.” She was smiling, but John’s stomach had just fallen through the floor. “Are you finally together?”
At the end of the drive, John looked back, lifting a hand to flip a two-finger salute of farewell, and Sherlock waved back, waiting until the blond disappeared behind a row of hedges before closing himself back inside the house.
“Was it?” Sherlock inquired, face creasing with false thoughtfulness. “And here I thought you were merely expressing a curiosity as to whether the school chemistry lab had the materials needed to craft fireworks, not attempting to manipulate me into taking up a self-serving challenge.”
John returned it, nervously clearing his throat before the larger chunk of text. “Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, war, death, or sickness did lay siege to it, making it momentany as a sound, swift as a shadow, short as any dream; brief as the lightning in the collied night, that, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, and ere a man hath power to say 'Behold!' the jaws of darkness do devour it up: So quick bright things come to confusion.”
“I’m not jealous,” Sherlock breathed, mouth grazing the words into the hollow beneath John’s ear, and John’s fingers clamped down hard enough to engrave fingerprints on his hip. “You just shouldn’t”—he traced his lips down John’s neck, pausing here and there to press open-mouthed against leaping arteries and muscles—“talk to anyone”—he scraped his teeth briefly across John’s collarbone, prompting a ragged heave of air—“or look at anyone”—John tilted his head up, a swallow moving beneath Sherlock’s mouth as he trailed it back up toward John’s chin—“or
This one is short, but the next couple are getting posted all at once because they are THE END!! I'm going home for Easter/road-tripping with my sister to bring her new dog home though, so there might be a bit of a gap between this chapter and the rest.
He was maybe halfway down when he thought Sherlock was awake, but, by the time he neared his tailbone, he was sure of it, the hitches and pants of Sherlock’s breath clearly audible in the quiet room, and John lifted his head, peering up to see Sherlock’s fingers gripped tight against his pillow. John chuckled, sitting back on his knees, and the dancer craned his neck around, still-bleary but dark eyes fixing on John’s face.
Biting at his lip, Sherlock hesitated in the doorway, not quite sure what to do, but he couldn’t very well just leave, not while John was skittering around him like a scolded puppy, so he settled on shuffling into the room, taking the chair on the opposite side of the table from the counter the blond was now tapping with anxious impatience, his face downturned as his eyes fixed on the toaster.
“Pancakes?” he questioned, pushing the fridge door shut as he turned toward Sherlock’s chair. “Why would you want pancakes for dinner?”
“You’re going to put your eye out!” John griped for the hundredth time, attempting to snatch the hammer away from Sherlock.
“Just let me do this,” John implored, shuffling a step closer as he looked up into Sherlock’s face. “It’s not a bother or an inconvenience,” he recited, and Sherlock blinked away, uncomfortable as always with John’s apparent ability to read his mind, “and I’m not offering out of pity or anything like that, I just- I want you here.”
“Maybe a nice dismemberment,” John mused fondly, the corner of his mouth twitching with the effort to gaze seriously out the window. “A nod to my medical ambitions. And then you could just drop me in pieces all over London.”
Sherlock dropped his mobile into his pocket, readying to go, and then stopped, frowning down at the blond, who had halted directly in front of him. “What?” he muttered, and John chuckled, reaching up to tug at the collar of his coat.
Sebastian stared at him a moment longer, mouth slowly closing. He cast a glance to where John knew Sherlock stood behind him, apparently looking to him now for a reprieve, but there was no sound, no movement. Finally, he straightened, tugging at the lapels of his suit jacket. A haughty spark lit his eyes, his lips parting, but John raised an eyebrow, silencing him once more. With a last tense glance between the two students, he turned, his shoes slapping against the tile as he made his way down the corridor, until the only sounds in the lab were the distant voices filtering through the windows from outside.
Anyway, some other notes: There is a link on my profile page to my tumblr, but people keep asking me if I have one, so, for the record,
FINALLY! I know, I know, it's been ages, but this chapter is over 11,000 words to make up for it, plus I think it's one of my best so far, and I promise I'll be better about updates now that all this moving-to-London insanity is over. Also, I TOTALLY MOVED TO LONDON GUYS THIS IS CRAZY!!!! Anyway, on to the teaser quotes and then the good stuff!
John chuckled. “It’s actually kind of a crazy story, um, you remember the guy who was in here earlier? The tall one with the coat and surly attitude?”
“Fuck ‘em,” he said, and Sherlock coughed, unprepared for the laugh that snuck up on him. “Someone once told me they were stupid anyway.” His mouth lifted in a shy quirk, Sherlock’s answering in spite of himself.
“He could be bi,” John replied, having thoroughly considered every angle of the sexuality dilemma. “Or asexual or something. But why do you think he’s gay? Does he look gay?”
“Avoided the squeaky spots,” he replied, smile flashing to a smirk for a moment before settling back to warm. “I didn’t know you played,” he said, bobbing his head at the violin dangling from Sherlock’s fingers as he took a couple steps further into the room. “I mean, I knew you played something, but I wouldn’t have guessed the violin.”
It was, contrary to John’s confident assertions, not a fight easily won, with Émile claiming the next two points in swift succession, the victor decided in a vicious final battle while Sean and Kavi called out increasingly ludicrous bets. In the end, John was narrowly defeated, a hair too slow to block an incoming jab and taking a knick across the torso, but his laugh was bright and boisterous as he removed his helmet, a sheen of sweat pinning down stray strands of his hair.
“Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday,” he supplied, glancing at Sherlock while they waited at a red light. “3 to close.”
, the school he had wanted to go to since he was in Year Two and they asked them to write a speech on what they wanted to be when they grew up, and it was all thanks to the brilliant, mad,
John blinked, a crease of concern forming between his brows. “I’m sorry,” he said softly, but Sherlock only swatted a hand at him, dismissing the sentiment.
And, just like that (and an epilogue), it's over!! Endings are always bittersweet, but I'm still glad this tiny Christmas fic spiraled out of control. It's been fun for me, and I hope you've enjoyed the ride as well.
Sherlock nodded, hastily trying to chew through his meat and potatoes. “I wanted to just do honey bees, but-”
“Oh, he had a lot more than talking on his mind,” John muttered, nodding out at the room as if the furniture would pipe up and concur. “A guy like that, he’s only thinking about one thing, and, let me tell ya, it doesn’t include breakfast in the morning.”
“Oh,” John replied, nodding out at the street as he licked over his lips. “Do you- I mean, did you and Irene- You know everything? You-You don’t need any more…help or-or anything?”
“She’s not the cleaning type,” he said with a shake of his head. “You’d agree if you met her,” he added with his usual certainty, and John couldn’t help but entirely believe it.
Sherlock was standing with his back to the entryway—an obvious ploy, his hearing well-known to be something for the record books—wearing nothing but grey pants and John’s rugby jersey, which John had thought was folded in his dresser at
He could feel eyes on the back of his neck, but he still couldn’t manage to restrain himself, teeth pinching hard at his bottom lip as he ducked his head to his lap, and then he gave up entirely, turning around to meet John’s smirk across the café.
“You’re being childish!” Sherlock spouted, tugging and twisting at John’s arm as he tried to pull himself loose.
“No, the Pablo Neruda poem,” Sherlock snipped, patience thinning. “The one you gave me on Thursday.”
Sherlock did indeed know, but his smile was more quiet contentment at the fact that that was something John now knew too rather than amusement at the comment. “I’m sure that can be arranged,” he said with a conspiratorial smirk, and John laughed. “After all, you do need two blankets for shock. That certainly sounds like something requiring a police escort to me.”
“Mrs. Hudson made these earlier. Well, yesterday, I guess,” he muttered, sliding the tray off the sheets, but Irene stopped him as he moved to take the blue floral bundle back in his arms.
now it’s weird,” John asserted, Sherlock’s laugh bright and free, like a filter had finally been removed from his chest, but he restrained it to a grin as he drew up to Mycroft’s side, the room trailing into silence when his mother chimed her wedding band against the side of her glass.
“I didn’t want you to do anything,” Sherlock blustered, shifting a small step back from John’s indignation. “And it’s so soon after Christmas. I thought we could just…” He trailed away, tipping his head in helpless hesitation, but John broke in to finish it.
John’s lips trembled, and Sherlock didn’t need to tear his eyes away from John’s to know he’d just shivered. “Prognosis looks good,” John replied, his voice low and more breath than words.
“What’s the play?” Devon asked earnestly, and the rest of them formed a tight circle of anxious silence as they waited for his response, and John realized with a fluttering jolt that he was effectively acting-Captain for the moment.
Of course, that didn’t happen, and John only shrugged. “I dunno…put them in frames or something?” he muttered, shifting away as he slipped the phone back in his pocket. “Forget it. I-I probably won’t do anything with it. We should go.” He moved away, heading toward the escalator, and Sherlock followed, hands twisting in front of him, confused at the shame tightening his throat.
“You should go check your mailbox,” she said, leaning down as she dropped her voice to a conspiratorial stage whisper. “I’m pretty sure someone dropped a special surprise in there for you.” She winked at him, and then grinned, her eyes sparkling as they poked through her wispy fringe, but Sherlock only lifted a brow.
John looked up at him, dumbfounded by the pity in his expression, as if John were about to walk to the gallows instead of a dormitory. “Er…thank you, sir,” John muttered, and Mr. Parish nodded in dismissal.
“Me?” John pressed, chuckling as Sherlock nodded. “What do I care?” he said, sliding his hips down level with Sherlock’s before lying back on the grass, one arm bending back to pillow his head. “She’s still my sister. Being a lesbian doesn’t change anything.”
His hand on the door handle, the closest he’d ever gotten, he took a deep breath, fingers tapping on the metal as he wavered. “Fuck it,” he snapped at himself, and then swung the door outward, charging inside.
“Talk about yourself like that, like you’re some sort of…lost cause?” John replied, his voice closer now.
His arm was splayed out over the edge, brushing against Sherlock’s leg where he was kneeling just behind John’s head, so close his words ruffled warm through his hair.
“Of course not,” Sherlock huffed, a shard of a smile snagging at his lips as he shook his head, and John dropped his face, jaw shifting.
It was silent a long moment, nothing but the clicks and clinks of utensils, and then John abruptly dropped his to the table, twisting toward Sherlock.
Sherlock turned to him at that moment, and there was a flutter of panic wherein John instinctively wanted to hide his staring, but then he remembered he no longer had to, and simply met Sherlock’s gaze levelly as the detective lifted an eyebrow.
his words creeping over him, like clammy hands pushing him aside and grappling at Sherlock. “We had so much in
“Were they, though?” Sherlock quipped with a patronizing tilt of his head, cackling anew as John glared. “Oh my god!” he gasped, trying to pull air into his lungs. “Oh my god,
John blinked, Sherlock was nearly bending his fork as he glared, and Mrs. Hudson looked just as confused as John for a moment until she straightened up, eyes and mouth stretching wide as she looked between the three of them.
Lestrade looked down at it, and then turned his eyes back to Sherlock, an eyebrow lifting. He cast John a disbelieving glance, and John merely shrugged back. With a sigh, Lestrade reached into his suit pocket, pulling out a large ring of keys. “The one to the flat next door is-”
Sherlock tilted his head, brow furrowing. “Why would it be bad for children to watch that?” he asked, inferring from the conversation with Sarah that something much more traumatic had happened.
The shouts of protest, the blurted disbelief, the insistence on another course, everything John had expected to greet this proclamation, never came. Only a handful of widening eyes met him before they all nodded determinedly, breaking away toward the pitch.
Harry’s jaw dropped, her fork clattering to the table, the sound nearly lost between John laughing and Mrs. Watson sputtering.
The door rattled with a knock, and Sherlock turned to find Molly’s sheepish smile poking in. “I just buzzed in your 1:30,” she said, pushing open the door to reveal the brown paper bag swinging from her hand. “He’s eager, I guess. You want me to keep him out here for a bit or-”
“Just never mind,” John muttered, swatting a hand at him as he drew closer, dropping his backpack to the floor and folding down next to it. “Here,” he said, pulling out the apple he’d grabbed from the dining hall at lunch, something he had grown fairly certain over the past week that Sherlock would never accompany him to.
“Nothing,” John sighed, waving a hand. “It’s a superhero thing. Just”—he stopped, eyes suddenly earnest as he drew close to Sherlock’s chest—“let me know when you get back? Please?”
A brisk gust of wind whipped down from the rooftops, rustling the large red bow adorning the nearest lamppost, and Sherlock closed his eyes, breathing in the sharp air that whispered a promise of snow.
Sally snorted, a mocking smile stretching across her lips as she glanced between the two young men. “You sure you wanna be responsible for this?” she scoffed, flipping an errant hand at the boy. “And how do you know one another anyway?” she continued with a frown. “I thought Mike was the only one who could stand him.”
He shifted the paper between his fingers, the quiet scrape of the wood pulp seeming to crackle in his ears with possibilities. “It could be important,” he murmured, trying to make out the writing on the next page through the cover sheet, as if reading through the pale foggy filter might somehow lessen the impact of the words.
The guard reappeared after a couple minutes with his passport, approving of Sherlock with a nod and muttered affirmative he didn’t catch before waving them on, Greg lifting an arm out the window to thank him by name—Arnaud, Sherlock thought it was—before starting slowly through the opening gate.
“Sherlock,” he gasped, finding the boy’s head and tangling his fingers lightly into the curls. “Sherlock, I-I’m not-”
“You could’ve gotten a hook,” he teased, and Sherlock barked a laugh, eyes lifting up to John through his lashes.
“Well, sometimes it’s John,” the man countered, but quickly continued. “We found another one. Hannah Olson.”
John’s voice spun on as Sherlock picked through the messages, hoping it went unnoticed when his eyes started drifting up as opposed to across the screen.
Sherlock’s gasped against his lips the second before they met, and then didn’t move again for a moment, seeming temporarily stunned, but John didn’t mind, and moved chastely against his mouth as his hand slipped back up Sherlock’s neck to push into the base of his curls. That seemed to unlock the detective somehow, one of likely many keys John looked forward to finding, and he pressed eagerly back against John’s mouth, his hand tightening its grip on John’s while the opposite one lifted to grasp gently at the striped cotton stretched across John’s chest.
, something he knew through various longing looks in bookstores cost easily over 100 pounds. He had held the book reverently in his hands, tracing over the pristinely sharp corners of the hardcover binding as he falteringly tried to express his gratitude. Of course, then Sherlock had had to go ahead and not-so-surreptitiously prod him to reveal his “big news”, in spite of John’s muttered insistences that it wasn’t a big deal, before finally taking it upon himself to divulge John’s interview with Bart’s.
, and my email address is prettysherlocksoldier@gmail.com. Please don't hesitate to talk to me about anything, ask me any questions, send me any of your stuff you want help with, or whatever!
‘To what?’ Sherlock remembered scoffing. ‘Choke down some mediocre chicken or fish? It’s not like she asked you to
?” He smiled, chuckling breathily. “You’ve been working on cases with him for…who knows how long, and you didn’t know his first name?”
Sherlock blinked, taken aback by the turn, the sheer plainness of the statement shocking him silent, and John held his wide eyes a long moment before dropping his head, running a hand back through his blond hair with a sigh.
John groaned all over again, but the flutter in his stomach was notably less disgruntled. “Are you going to make a habit of that?”
They lingered a few moments longer, eyes meeting in fleeting glances before darting apart, and then Sherlock blinked, a look of surprise crossing his face as his eyes dropped to John’s rugby jacket, his hands slipping out of the pockets as he made to take it off, and that more than anything shoved John into speech.
Mycroft tilted his head at him with a curious expression. “Why, about the shooting, of course,” he said. “Ghastly business, isn’t it? Won’t be a moment.” He beckoned John to walk in front of him, smiling serenely, his face turning between John and a rather impressively glaring Sherlock.
“That we will mend!” Molly chimed, bobbing her head cheerily as she continued navigating through he computer. “Sherlock, you have-”
“Thank you,” Greg replied, taking off his coat to reveal a tailored gray suit, blue pinstripe shirt open at the collar.
“It was dark, too dark to see anything clearly, and perspective would be impossible at that distance in the lighting. My old coat was smaller, so, proportionately, it would look like it fit you, and you were wearing that
“Well,” Sherlock muttered, shifting his head side-to-side on his neck, and then laughing along when John picked up again.
Moran inched closer, moving around from behind the chair, and then froze as pale fingers appeared on the armrest, tapping against the black leather.
“No,” Sherlock interjected, curling his legs up as he tucked himself tighter to John’s chest, “I-I don’t- I don’t wanna forget it.”
forgiven him either,” John chuckled, and Sarah giggled, lifting her hand to her mouth flirtatiously.
“Because,” Sherlock said, backing out of the bathroom to allow him to pass, “I’m going to be accompanying you.”
Irene was in the far corner of the kitchen, crouched on her hands and knees behind their deconstructed sugar bowl, a wall of white granules and glass shards cutting off her escape. She had picked up a few of the larger fragments, forming a small pile by her knee, but it looked like slow work, her thin fingers poking and sifting through the sugar for other lurking hazards, and she looked up at him with a sigh, eyes narrowed. “I don’t think staring at it is going to help,” she snapped, and John shook his head, taking note of her bare feet.
“We won’t tease him,” he swore, and then switched his drink to his left hand, lifting three fingers of his right aside his face. “Scouts’ honor,” he added, dipping his head, and Mary, after one last scan between them, turned on her heels and stalked out of the room.
By Sunday evening, John’s tangle of emotions had settled comfortably into a cocktail of bitterness and resentment, and, as he lay on the guest bed at his aunt’s house watching the last of twilight drain from the ceiling, his mind was firmly made up.
His chest tight with a tension he could not parse, Sherlock nodded, a corner of his mouth releasing in a twitched smile. “Don’t I need…” he muttered as he rose, waving a hand at Émile’s ensemble.
Sherlock nodded, fingers thunking against the plastic as he tapped at the handle. “Yes. Mycroft just called.”
John shook his head, smiling down at his dress shoes as he slid his hands in his pockets, considering the possibility that nervous Sherlock might be his favorite, if not an extremely close second to pliable, being-read-things-he-should-be-reading-his-damn-self Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his mouth, the beginning breath of a consonant breaking from his throat, but John never got the chance to hear the rest of it as an absolutely thunderous bang issued overhead, the ground shaking under them with the force of it, and both their faces turned up again.
John scanned around the room, finding that, indeed, there were rather a lot of people holding flowers or gathered around to read and squeal over a greeting card.
Sherlock hadn’t thought John was still upset about what had happened with his mother—not in a debilitating way, at least—but something certainly seemed to be wrong, wrong enough that the crease between his brows had become something of a permanent fixture on his face and his eyes didn’t seem able to focus on Sherlock’s for more than a blink or two at a time.
