Before he could second guess himself, John gently pulled Sherlock’s head down and finally got to feel how those Cupid’s bow lips felt against his own: divine, warm, soft. Effervescent.
John was soaked through, his coat dripping and his hair plastered to his forehead from the rain that Sherlock had not even noticed pounding against the windows. They had not seen each other since the night of the dancing lessons, and Sherlock felt his stomach churn. Why was John here so late, sopping wet, and looking as though someone had killed his dog?
“You’re right, I did kiss you. But you kissed me back, Sherlock. Why did you kiss me back?” John asked, his voice barely loud enough to be heard over the sound of the rain.
Before Sherlock could even begin to think of what to say, the vault exploded open, and there was little he could do to stop the flood of want, regret, guilt, pain, longing, and love –
John chuckled, fidgeting uncomfortably in front of the taller man. “Sherlock, I feel like you planned the whole damn wedding, so I trust you. Now, what’s first?”
. It wouldn’t be fair to either of you. I need to figure things out. Sherlock, I love you, I do, but you have to understand that I was perfectly content to marry her less than a week ago because I didn’t think this was possible. I love Mary too.”
Sherlock smirked and huffed out a laugh. “She said ‘I don’t think it matters who’s gay or not, but I’m pretty sure my daddy loves you.’ Can you guess how I responded?”
The push had the baby’s body rotating inside him, the shoulders twisting to line up better with the opening of his pelvis. The twisting brought a pleasure unlike any Sherlock had ever felt before, and as the baby shifted once more and the shoulders emerged fully, the omega let out a howl and went rigid in John’s arms, rocked by his orgasm. The force of the contractions pushed the baby out the rest of the way. Sherlock’s ears were ringing and his sight was cloudy but he reached beneath his low, fleshy belly and picked up their firstborn child, holding it to his chest.
A little noise escaped Sherlock’s throat when John pulled back, his hand on Sherlock’s jaw - when had that gotten there, he hadn’t even noticed - and he leaned forward as if to chase the kiss for a split second before he got himself back under control. “Don’t worry, there’s more where that came from,” John assured, grinning, and patted Sherlock’s cheek as he stepped back. “Gotta save some for later, though. Sit down and let me help you with your shoes.”
He was grateful for the wheelchair when they arrived. The ride over had been uncomfortable, and part of him was surprised that his waters hadn’t broken in the cab. He barely made it into the gown and onto the bed before he felt the wetness soak through the cloth and onto the mattress, and held John’s hand tight as he shook through the contraction that had burst the thin membrane. He panted, sweat starting to bead on his brow. “I’ve got you, got you,” John murmured, letting Sherlock squeeze his hand as the spasm rolled through him.
John sat on the bed next to them both, leaned over on one arm and watching her sleep. “How did you make this?” he whispered, shaking his head in disbelief. “You
“It hurts,” Sherlock whispers hoarsely. “I had her, she was here, she was with me, and she's gone, and it's so empty. You can't—you can't imagine how much it hurts."
Sherlock was sobbing, eyes open and watching John as intently as he could through the torrent of tears streaming from his eyes. "Give her to me," he choked out, and John did just that, handing over Sherlock's newborn daughter and letting his own tears fall as he watched father and daughter for the first time.
"Yeah, yeah, I'll go get it. Be right back." John cuffed Sherlock on the head lightly as he walked past, and Sherlock just giggled weakly and waved a hand.
“You can touch me from the waist up. Nothing below,” Sherlock said, drawing an imaginary line above his groin and hips going the whole way around. “And I want the mirror at the foot of the bed so we can watch.” If he was going to have a pleasurable birth, he was going to get as much out of it as he could.
“I rather like our decor,” Sherlock said, glancing around. They’d tidied the flat quite a bit in preparation for their daughter’s arrival - Sherlock’s lab equipment was safely stowed away in locked cupboards, and he’d dispensed of several colonies of beetles and ants that he’d been keeping for research purposes and of which Mrs. Hudson had never been made the wiser. A notable addition was that of a bassinet, fully assembled, standing beside Sherlock’s chair, awaiting its occupant. They’d chosen a dark walnut stain to match some of the existing furniture, but even so, its presence - and that of the colorful blankets inside - brightened the room considerably.
He checks the doorknob. Unlocked. Knocking twice, he waits a moment before opening the door and entering. Sherlock is seated in the shower, with the water off, his clothes in a puddle on the floor. A milk-soaked Ace bandage is on the top of the pile, and John grimaces in sympathy.
“It’ll get easier,” John said, and Sherlock nodded. He knew exactly what John was talking about and he knew that, with time, John would be right.
“Hey.” John took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it. “You’re doing what’s best for our babies. I’m not going to be upset with you for it. I want you to be comfortable and for them to be healthy. No matter how long it takes. Okay?”
John smiled back and set his mug aside to rub Sherlock’s feet. Sherlock nearly purred. “I’m glad we went, too. We needed a bit of time to ourselves, and I don’t think I’ve ever spent Christmas anywhere this pretty and peaceful.”
"Benefits of an oesophoageal groove. Take that and go rinse it out. The chickens are out behind the house, I'll meet you there and then we'll look at the sheep."
Sherlock held John’s gloved hand in his own and set the pace for their walk. It was more of a slow amble than a walk, but between his pronounced waddle and the slightly slippery sidewalks, it was all the faster he could go. “She’s starting to feel very low,” he said, stopping at a crosswalk and rubbing his lower belly waiting for the light to turn. “I think she might have dropped a bit overnight. I feel fine,” he said right away to fend off any of John’s worries. “Light’s turned. I was just keeping you informed.” He tugged John out into the crosswalk.
"Thank you Dr Watson. I have asked my assistant to pull that up for you now. As soon as we have had a look through it I will call you back. Where are you at the moment?"
"Stop please."  The young man said quietly.  He seemed more upset than before and took an deep breath before continuing.  "Gerald is my partner.  We've been together about 6 months.  I'm still at uni, post grad physics.  I usually come every other weekend so I can work.  Fees you know?"  Another deep breath, huffed out with hunched shoulders.  "He didn't want to tell anyone about us yet, he's not out to his family.  I don't know who did this, but I was trying to save his parents seeing my stuff here and finding out."
Sherlock was surprised at the question.  "Call my husband.  I seem to have been gone all night and he'll be worried by now."
Regret flickered across James' face for a moment.  "I'm sorry.  I broke your phone.  I thought it could be traced or something...  Can I call someone for you?"
Dragging himself out of his chair took more effort than John anticipated and he cursed quietly, hating the years that were catching up to him recently. "Christ, your getting old Watson." A hot shower and a comfy bed were all he was good for tonight, he thought.
There was no-one there. The main rooms were as they had been the night before when John had gone to bed. Perhaps he'd already been and gone? John looked towards his mobile, where he'd left it on the coffee table to check if Sherlock had sent a text, but nothing. It was years since he'd not stayed in touch during a case.
He frowned slightly.  Things were starting to get a bit fuzzy after that, so he concentrated on figuring out the state of his transport.  He was restrained, but not painfully so.  His captor therefore was either inexperienced or not planning on letting him leave alive.  His head hurt which probably explained the fuzziness.  A blow to the head then.  But he didn't feel like he was bleeding, so he'd either been out a long time or the blow was just enough to knock him out without breaking the skin.  His hands were tied between his knees which were also tied together and he'd been placed on his side.  A precaution against him vomiting, so the man didn't wish any serious harm to come to him.
I'm sorry this has taken so long to post.  It's been sitting on my pc for ages.  I'm not happy with it, but I can't leave it any longer.  Let me know if you have nay ideas for where I can take this next.
Sherlock felt a weight on his chest, a moment of pity for this young man.  "What's your name?"  He asked.  The younger mans head raised at the question, worried.  "Don't worry, I can see you are not a suspect."
"Yes, I mean no. Not really. But he does let me know when he's not coming home and I've not heard anything from him since he left last night. I'm just going to pop down to the yard and see if Greg can tell me anything."
Sherlock was already putting his coat on but paused before he wrapped his scarf ‘round his neck. “I love you too. Now get to bed, you’re no good to me in this state.” Then he was out of the door, shutting it a little too firmly, a muffled “Sorry!” was heard before he clattered down the stairs and out of the front door, into the night.
Some time later, the sun crept across his face and John slowly surfaced from his slumbers to realise that the other side of the bed was cold and the pillows were undented by Sherlocks head. Lifting himself up on one elbow, he looked sleepily at the alarm clock and saw that it was well into the morning. Frowning, John sat up and ran his hands over his face, before rising and wandering into the main room. Perhaps Sherlock had lost track of time again and would be found defiling their kitchen table with a noxious experiment of some kind. Again.
"I'm sorry about all of this, I really am.  It all seems to have got away from me a bit. I only came back for some of my things."  He actually did seem upset to Sherlock.  He was fairly young and as Sherlock looked at him more closely, he could see that there was over a days growth on his chin and dark circles under his eyes.  His clothes were good, but had been worn for several days and slept in too, judging by the creases.  In fact, the more he looked at him, the clearer it became this this was not the person the police were looking for in relation to the crime they had called him in on in the first place.
"Excellent." John could hear the slight smile in the voice coming down the line. "Could you let him know that I will be popping by with the images in about an hour? Tell him I'll bring some decent coffee too. The stuff the yard has is only good for pig swill." The shudder was almost audible.
Waking up was slow.  Sherlock came to in fits and starts.  Hearing was first, with bits of dialogue heard in a dreamlike way.  As his brain caught up, understanding slowly dawned that he was not where he thought he would be, at home in bed with John.
Sherlock tuned out for a bit, trying to remember where he was.  He'd left the flat to go back to the crime scene.  The man had only spoken about 'him' so where was John?  Ah, yes.  Probably still at home then.  Sherlock wasn't sure of the time as he'd not opened his eyes yet, but there didn't seem to be much traffic noise, so it must still be early.  The crime scene had been in St John's Wood, not too far from the main road.  If it was any later than about 7, he should've been able to hear cars and lorries quite well.  It was a bit chilly, which was to be expected for the time of year, but not cold, so he must be inside.
Greg looked up at the knock on his door to see the doctor standing in the open doorway with a look of concern on his ace.
The detective smiled.  "You could help by telling me what is out of place, but you'll have to cut me loose first."
“I mean really, John. Why bother calling me in for anything if he’s going to let that idiot ruin MY crime scene? By the time I arrived, all the pertinent evidence had been destroyed! Not a thought about how I was going to solve this case when the whole bloody place had been walked over. I think I should head back down there and see if it’s possible to salvage anything now Anderson has left. What do you think John? John, are you listening to me?”
"Ok.  I'll just get some scissors."  James left the room briefly, moving into the kitchen again and returning with a pair of kitchen shears that had seen a fair amount of use.  It took a few moments for Sherlock to regain his feet as his legs were a bit numb.
An hour later, John was ready for work and starting to really fret. He'd heard nothing from Sherlock and Molly had replied to his lightly vague request regarding Sherlocks whereabouts with a negative. Pondering for a moment, he picked up his coat and called Sherlocks phone one more time without reply. Putting his coat on and looking around for his keys, he called Sarah to say he wasn't going to in today.
“I’m ok Sherlock, just a bit tired is all. It’s been a really long week, between work and cases. Do you mind if I don’t go this time? I just want to go to sleep until the middle of next week.”
"I'm only at UCL, so it's not that far away from here.  I live out in Brent Cross though.  I was at home working on my thesis yesterday and it was on the news.  Thought I should come and get my things...."  He seemed to run out of steam, face sad.
Smiling in spite of his distress, John replied that he would. "If we get this all sorted out, are we still on for dinner next week?"
Sherlock thought for a moment.  "Where were you this morning then?  You can't have been too far away but it's only Thursday, so unless you didn't have a lecture tomorrow you'd still be away."
The phone was placed on a table that held various detritus left behind by the crime scene team and he walked over the Sherlock and lifted his chin.  The young man looked at Sherlock for a moment before asking, "How are you feeling?  Any nausea, dizziness?"
"Perhaps.  I was meant to be looking about the crime scene here.  There's still a murder to solve.  Don't you want that?  Someone killed your partner."
"Of course John. Gregory and I were looking forward to it. I will get back to you as soon as I can. Goodbye."
"No, and I'm honestly starting to get worried Greg. Did anyone from here see him last night at all? He left me at about 8 and said he was going back to yesterdays scene to see whether Anderson had missed anything. He normally wakes me up if he comes home late, but he wasn't about when I got up and he's not answering his mobile."
“Very full,” Sherlock said thickly, grinning wide and patting his rounded middle lazily. He made a noise somewhere between a purr and a groan when John filled him with another few seconds’ worth of whipped cream, his thighs falling open, at the mercy of his partner to fill him up even more.
“She was in here,” John says, and his voice sounds like thunder. “It doesn’t matter how much you try to forget that. We had a baby, Sherlock, and we loved her, and you’re doing me—her—doing everyone a disservice, a huge
“I don’t know why you even asked,” he said, rising with effort when John had finished doing up his laces. “All I’ve wanted for the past two months is Italian food, and that place has several outstanding reviews. We’re going there.” Sherlock rifled through his suitcase until he found a casual jacket to pull on over his shirt. It didn’t button - of course it didn’t - but it still made him feel a bit more dressed up than he would be otherwise. Fine for a “slightly upscale but casual Italian restaurant with authentic cuisine,” as one reviewer had written. He let John take his arm and kiss him on the cheek, and bundled himself into their rental car to go back into town.
John came back into the stall a few moments later, and handed the comealong to Sherlock. He hooked the short cable to the chain and handed the long cable to John, flipping the gear so John could pull the cable out and attach it to the wall. When the cable was stretched, Sherlock started to crank until it was taut, and then paused, waiting for a contraction. "I'll have to guide the head out," he said, breathing heavily and hoping he wasn't giving himself away. Crank when I tell you, but not too fast. I don't want her to tear."
He arched his back when John bit his nipple hard, and the arch put the head of John’s cock just over his seam, and Sherlock let out a broken, throaty cry and shivered bodily in John’s lap as he came. Now, his orgasms were mostly internal, intense rippling and contractions of his channel around John’s cock, all culminating in a weak stream of clear liquid from his cock that glossed the bottom of his belly. He held on tight as John thrust twice more and then followed him into orgasm with a grunt. His breathing was loud and hot on John’s ear as little trails of electric pain crackled through his strained muscles, rendering him immobile on John’s lap. “I can’t move,” he said helplessly half a minute later, releasing his grip on the head board and bringing his hand to a fluttering halt on John’s shoulder.
“That’s pretty much textbook labor, love,” John said, taking Sherlock’s hand and squeezing it. “It’s going to get worse before it gets better, but she’s almost here now. Our little girl.” He took Sherlock’s other hand and laid it on the hard, tight skin of his belly, reminding him what all of this was for.
Inside, they had one bedroom, a rather large bath for the size of the house, and a smallish kitchen. The living room area had a sofa and a large, freshly-cut pine tree decorated with twinkling lights and shining bulbs. It filled the cottage with the smell of pine, and Sherlock could hardly wait to curl up on the deep sofa with a mug of hot cocoa and let John rub his feet. After their train ride, all Sherlock wanted was a good, long foot rub, perhaps a nap, and then dinner. In that order.
John pushes his chair back and takes clumsy steps around the table. “Show me,” he says, eyes glued to Sherlock’s middle. The serval rises fluidly and tugs his shirt from his trousers, turning to the side.
He just lies very still, breathing shallowly and eyes shut, letting out not so much as a twitch to betray the pain he must be in. He could have fallen asleep again.
“Sorry,” he says, swiping away the moisture with the back of his hand. “Know you don’t want to be dealin’ with me all teared up today.”
“No,” he said firmly, staring at his belly as he sat on the toilet. “Absolutely not. I flatly refuse to be in labor with you right now, so cut it out if that’s what you’re thinking of doing.”
John brandished his keys and glowered. "When you said take the car, you didn't say 'take my fucking Beamer."
Sherlock is on the sofa, but it is not the vacant-eyed, limp sprawl of those earlier days. He is on his back, and one hand is loosely, almost self-consciously covering one breast. The other is resting on his stomach, fingers just over the line of his scar.
“You’re going to be a good big brother,” Sherlock said, his voice thick. Soren looked up, smiling, with John’s big blue eyes twinkling with happiness. “The best big brother he could ask for.”
Four months later, John came home from work. He stepped through the door to the sitting room and stopped short. There was a voice he hadn’t heard in five months, and a figure he hadn’t seen in as long, sitting on the sofa, petting three active kittens that ran over his lap.
“It won’t come soon enough,” Sherlock grumbled. “And you won’t see me do it again. One child will suit us fine, and I won’t suffer this again.”
John laughed as he came into the bedroom, a can of soda with a straw in one hand and a large can of whipped cream in the other. “You’ve got a lot of liquid in that tummy,” he said, bending down to kiss it. He tossed Sherlock’s shirt back at him. “Put that back on.”
“Damn,” Sherlock breathed, fumbling for John’s hand and twining his fingers with John’s. John squeezed back and moved their joined hands down to what was left of Sherlock’s hip, holding on there for a long moment before John pulled out and rolled his hips to push back in.
The pain burns, it stretches and stretches—and then snaps, and the weight in him drops downwards. Sherlock gasps.
“Sherlock -“ He stopped, staring at the pink stain on the sheets. Another was growing between Sherlock’s thighs, spreading down on the side of the mattress while Sherlock shook, his knuckles white.
Sherlock let John strip him out of his clothes and help him into the shower, where he stood under the hot water trying not to cry. John dimmed the lights to give Sherlock some sense of privacy and peace. Before long he let out another high wail and reached out for John, dragging him half under the spray of water to cling tight to him. John, mindless of the water, held Sherlock close and murmured soothing things to him, rocking back and forth.
“I—I, I woke up and I knew she was gone, but I couldn’t,” Sherlock sobs, his chest and shoulders shaking with emotion. “I don’t—I didn’t feel her, and I...John, I lost her and I never, never told her I—how much—”
, irrevocably now. John released the man's shoulder and lapped at the saliva and leaking blood, pumping only a few more times before he came hard and deep inside his mate's body.
"I'm not joking." John took a few steps forward and held his hands out to his sides. "I think you're a right bastard at times, yes, and more than a little mad, but that doesn't mean I don't like you."
Just a week before Christmas, John inquired about supplies. They weren't running terrifically low, but it would be nice to have some food to spare in case some wicked Scottish weather cropped up and shut them in for weeks. It wasn't out of the question, he thought, peering out onto the moors. They were well and truly remote.
"Fuck yeah you did." John kisses his damp forehead. "Jesus, you're incredible, you're just so damn incredible."
John pulled Sherlock back down to rest across his lap. "Forward thinking. I like that." Sherlock only hummed. "You're going to breastfeed the whole time, then?"
"it's fine," John replied defensively, hand subconsciously grasping his upper arm on his injured side. "Look, I don't know how you know all this, but I'll leave if you're not going to give me the job, it's not that far back to the village-"
John pulled up in front of the grocery, and the car honked obnoxiously when he clicked the button to lock. He picked up what would certainly be more supplies than they would need, but John simply couldn't resist bringing home a few jars of home-canned fruit preserves and some Christmastime teas. He made small talk with the cashier, a pleasant older woman whose name tag read 'Emma'.
It did. “Ough,” he said, feeling a bit frothy. Not quite half of the two-liter was gone, and though logically he knew the carbonation didn’t have much volume in the drink, it was a noticeable difference from a non-carbonated liquid bloat. He looked down at his stomach, which was definitely rounder than it had been half a liter ago. He laid his hand over the tightest spot of it, which was where he felt the pressure of the gas like a fist inside him, and kneaded. “Ooh, ough. I want to burp.”
It took a few moments for John to come down and realise that he hadn't knotted. Sherlock, panting beneath him, gave a somewhat disappointed huff as he apparently came to the same realization, and John couldn't help but laugh as he pulled out and sank down next to Sherlock.
“You are definitely entitled to an afternoon of laziness, and I think I’ll join you,” John said, following Sherlock and toeing off his own shoes. The cottage was delightfully warm after the chill outside, and with snow falling thick outside, it was just the right atmosphere for an afternoon nap.
Sherlock accepts his second-best pajamas without a word and pulls them on carefully. John catches a glimpse of the angry, stapled wound before Sherlock’s shirt falls over it.
“Yeah, we definitely are,” John agreed, looking out their bedroom window. “Really pretty, though.” John stopped Sherlock before he could put his shirt on. Sherlock stood still while John put his hands on either side of Sherlock’s overlarge bump, tracing the purple lines on his belly with his fingers. Every part of Sherlock’s body was clearly ready for motherhood - his belly was full and heavy and round with their daughter, his breasts puffy and sore and starting to fill, too. His hips had widened until his gait was a slow swaying waddle. “You’re really pretty, too, you know,” he said softly.
Sherlock was quiet on the way to the hotel, and so was John. It was like it had been after Joanna was born - no matter how prepared they thought they were to become grandparents, they weren’t, not really. They had a quiet dinner of sandwiches and tea and watched some telly before bed, settling quietly into their hotel bed with its stark-white sheets and too-soft pillows. Somehow, Sherlock knew he wasn’t going to get much sleep that night.
John does some searching on the Internet, glad at least that Sherlock doesn’t glare at him for the slow tap-tap of his fingers on the keys. He wants to help, even if Sherlock doesn’t want him to. He takes his laptop into the kitchen and works in there for the quarter-hour or so it takes to succeed in his endeavor.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes, then down at their joined hands, and back up to John. "I want to believe it," he murmured, "But it's illogical."
“Non-refundable. Tickets and the rental cottage,” Sherlock said, shaking his head. “It’s all bought and paid for. We might as well go,” he said, and before John could argue, “She’s almost certainly going to be here by then, though she could still be inside me at that point. I hope to god not,” he said, a hand on his back. “But we put a lot of time, not to mention money, into planning that trip, and I’d like to enjoy it regardless. We can just enjoy it with a baby. Our first holiday as parents,” he said, and didn’t bother to hide the smile he felt at the idea.
The shower did help. The hot water slid over Sherlock’s skin and soothed his taxed muscles, easing some of the strain. The contractions came incrementally faster, rolling through his middle and holding him tight in their grasp, but instead of intense pain, pleasure coiled at the base of his spine, like the precursor to a drawn-out orgasm.
Cameron and Joanna both chuckled. “Yeah, James, we thought. A bit plain, but then...nothing wrong with that, even for a Holmes grandchild.” Joanna smiled up at Sherlock, who found he was having a stronger reaction than he’d thought he would to the old joke and had to swipe at a tear.
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock responded, "Of course. I knew I'd be lactating, so I ordered padded bras and several for nursing. Several weeks after you arrived."
“Get in,” John said after a few moments. When Sherlock didn’t reply, John turned around and must have seen the pain writ on his face, because he stood up and gathered Sherlock in his arms. “Too long a day, too little rest and relief,” he murmured, his strong arms wrapping around Sherlock’s shoulders. “In the bath with you, and then sleep.”
“Shit,” came the reply from the kitchen, and the sound of a hurried setting-down of a mug on the countertop. John appeared in the doorway. “Really? How long did it last?”
Sherlock lifts his head. “Stop talking,” he says again, with a sharper, ominous edge to his voice. “And pull my hair,” he adds, in the rough undertone that John has never once heard outside of the bedroom.
“Alright, then. No induction for now, checkup in two weeks, and we’ll see what things look like then,” the doctor said, standing up to shake Sherlock’s hand, then John’s, and leaving the room.
“Same here,” John said, and Sherlock watched as John touched his belly. There was no give under his skin at all, and John groaned. His stomach arched away from his body, full and round. His shirt had ridden up until his belly was bare. Sherlock’s had done the same, leaving his belly uncovered.
Three more hard contractions brought the interval down to just under five minutes, and with relief John dressed Sherlock in pajama pants and ushered him down the stairs and out onto the sidewalk. Mid-afternoon traffic was slow, but they flagged down a cab quickly and Sherlock maneuvered himself inside.
“Bit more work to it than that, I’m afraid,” John said, and Sherlock gave him a wry smile. “But it means she’s closer.”
John settled down onto his cot, leaning back against the wooden wall and scrubbing his face with his hands. He was exhausted, entirely drained from the days' work.
“My big something, indeed,” John praised, rubbing the lotion in all over, very tenderly. His hands were soothing on the incredible pressure of Sherlock’s belly. “My very big, very round, very full Sherlock. That’s what you are. Did you finish your soda?” Sherlock shook his head no and took another sip from the can, breathless as he swallowed and took another sip. His belly heaved with the effort of his shallow breaths as he finished off the can and caught his breath afterward, pain spiking out from his belly. “That’s it, that’s my beautiful man. So full for me. Feels so good, hmm? To be so full?” John’s fingers pressed in around the fullest parts of his stomach - the top, where that knot of carbonation sat hard and tight, the middle where it stretched so far around his navel, the bottom, where Sherlock couldn’t see but could feel his skin stretching around his packed guts. “Now, I think I promised you a nice blow job as a reward, didn’t I?” John praised, and Sherlock nodded with as much enthusiasm as he could muster.
Heats weren’t what they used to be. Anymore it was like a low-grade itch, sometimes one that Sherlock didn’t even know needed scratched until John happened across it. Sometimes it was nothing more than a few moody days where Sherlock was a tetchy sonofabitch, being extra snappish and fussy until John looked at the calendar and said ‘ah’ and took Sherlock to bed. Sometimes, he’d be the one to catch on first. When that happened, it was more like it used to be. More seduction. More ‘come-take-me-to-bed.’ A spark, sometimes. A spark.
“Makes me feel so full,” Sherlock said, sliding his hand down to cup his groin and massage his cock. His arm brushed his full belly, the feeling of which was so alien that it was delightful. “Want to stay like this. Full and round.”
“Not hardly. The pregnancy is very real for me, but sometimes it still takes me by surprise when I think about the fact that it’s going to end with a baby in my arms.” He squeezed John’s hand. “I think I’m ready for it, though. Or as ready as I can be,” he added.
He underestimated just how uncomfortable a train ride would be at forty weeks and five days pregnant.
well though, love, and I’m being honest.” John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand, which was dangling off the sofa limply. “It’s uncomfortable and it hurts and you’re tired of it, but you’re growing two really healthy babies and that’s no small feat.”
Sherlock dragged both hands over his swelling bump, his tail flicking. “I’m a carnivore growing carnivores. I need the protein. I finished the pork chops off for lunch yesterday.”
John put a little pressure on the serval’s stomach, pulling another groan from Sherlock. “They might’ve looked good, but I don’t think they fit very well,” he quipped, rubbing the tight skin soothingly.
“I think Joanna is coming,” Sherlock said out of half-open eyes, quietly, in a room where the only sounds were the dripping faucet and their own breaths.
Sherlock looked at all the containers and pans that his mother had packed up into the coolers she’d sent them home with. It was a lot of food, but they weren’t trying to eat a normal portion. He nodded and watched John’s whole body shiver. “We’ll finish it all.” He stepped closer to John and backed him slowly against the counter. “We’ll be so full. We’ve already had Christmas dinner today. Think of how full we’ll be.” He stroked down John’s side over his jumper. This time he could
“You can, she’s crowning, keep going.” Dully, Sherlock felt John’s fingers just inside him, and felt a hot pain burning at the ridge of his hole as she stretched it. He let out a cry and pushed harder, shaking with strain. “That’s it, that’s it, her head’s coming out —!”
John stomped back into the house, red-faced and cold with his pantlegs soaked up to the knee. Sherlock had gleaned no small amount of glee from watching John traipse through the yard with calculated precision, working from left to right.
The last month of Sherlock's pregnancy passed slowly, and Sherlock was open with his discomfort. His back ached, his feet hurt after any amount of time standing, any kicks the baby gave were borderline painful. They both waited anxiously for the day Sherlock went into labour.
Sherlock smirked as he brushed invisible lint from his shirt and stepped closer to his best friend. “I know which song you’ll be dancing to. Remember, I was in charge of that part.” This was, of course, the song they would be dancing to at the wedding. The song Sherlock had written for John. Just John.
Instead of trying to deal with all of these new, terrifying emotions, Sherlock had gone deep into his Mind Palace, built a vault, and shoved everything in. He could not let his feelings for John ruin the only true friendship he’d ever had. If pretending he wasn’t in love with John Watson kept the doctor around, then that’s what Sherlock had to do.
“Additude, not asking questions about the explosion,” you gestured toward it vaguely ”but about the people involved. I don’t know, lack of embarrassment about your clothes.”
"We defy him when we can. If he tries to scare us we stay brave. He can't control everything because no one can." He looked at you both. Behind him, a woman was sitting next to an untouched cup of black coffee and listened intently to what he said. Though you didn't know that then.
They were solving the cases just like the bomber wanted them to. The only thing he didn't necessarily want was you being there, though it didn't make much difference. It's pretty obvious the man was powerful.
John was so surprised that for a moment he just stared at him. He was so angry. For the entire day his anger has been snowballing and he almost wished Sherlock fought him. The simplicity of the situation struck him like a figurative punch and his body, with all of it's might, wanted John to throw an actual one. "You did. You hurt me. You acted just like the bomber. Just like Moriarty."
You picked up the rest of the bag's contents once you were ready and got to work. It took some tracing and googling for reference pictures but you kept going. Working numbed you. It gave you power and control and meaning and something to burn time with. You could think about the case, about Sherlock, about John, about Mycroft and the dealer and crime and threats and all the overpowering pressure sneaking around your skin and like cracks on glass but none of it mattered. None of it needed a solution when you were already doing
"Hello?" and after a brief silence, he said "tell us where you are. Adress?" in a matter-of-fact tone.
Instead of explaining anything, Sherlock got up and out of the door, handing (y/n) - who was wearing something new - one of his coats and causing John to make a 180-degree turn and return to the street. Sherlock walked to a homeless person and she handed him a piece of paper, then he turned around to them with a grin and handed it to John.
"That's why our paper wanted to get the full story, straight from the horse's mouth. As long as you're sure it's not too soon." John asked.
I'm gonna cut this rant off now so I can publish the chapter, so thank you for reading and I hope you have an amazing time of day or whatever- year. Let's settle for an amazing year :)
A google search of Professor Cairns revealed that she was a Professor of Astronomy at the planetarium. Naturally, you doubted she knew anything about paint. So the research you did started feeling less useful and more like a burnt meal. More of a waste than anything.
"If all goes according to my plan, he's not going to have much room for reaction," Sherlock said, and at that moment it was clear that no matter what, the detective would only leave again when they were safe.
Sherlock sighed. "I can tell things about people. It's how I knew about your wound, your cross-country healing expedition, that you were a doctor. But I can usually tell more than that. Whether they're hiding something, or honest, or somewhere in between. I can't tell that about you, and it's worrying. I have to…trust you," Sherlock said, spitting out the word 'trust' as though it were poison. "I've never trusted anyone before. Trust leaves you vulnerable."
“You look very Christmassy,” John said, smoothing Sherlock’s shirt down over his full belly. His hands cupped the bottom of it, gently holding it. Things felt very peaceful suddenly, and Sherlock was unwilling to break the quiet. He closed his eyes and made a soft noise, putting his hands next to John’s and holding their daughter. She was asleep and still inside him, just waiting until she was ready to come meet them.
“I think five steaks might have over done it, love,” he murmured, feeling Sherlock’s taut skin strain with every breath. Under his arm, a kitten shifted, pressing its hard spine against John’s forearm. Sherlock groaned and clutched his belly.
“If - if you want to. You don’t need to, but it’s...good. I’m feeling pretty well-stuffed too,” John said, leaning back to show Sherlock his stomach.
He looked up at John, ice-blue eyes locking gazes with John, and leaned forward to lick the tip of John’s nose. If cats could smile, the expression on Sherlock’s face was clearly a smile. John fondled his ear for a minute, with Sherlock leaning into the touch, and then the serval closed his eyes and pushed.
“You look amazing,” John said, touching Sherlock’s stomach gingerly, like the lightest pressure could make it burst. “You’ve never been so full. Does it feel good, Sherlock?”
When Sherlock awoke, he knew something was different. The achiness in his hips was the same, the pain in his back was the same, the general level of discomfort was the same as it had been for the past few days - but something had changed. He groaned quietly and pushed himself up to sit on the edge of the bed, trying not to wake John.
their dinner guests. Secondarily, Sherlock was due virtually any day now, and leaving the house to go out and pay for dinner seemed a waste of money given that he’d barely be able to eat half his meal, as well as a waste of energy getting dressed, taking a cab somewhere, and taking a cab home before collapsing into bed. Thirdly, Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to be very far from home...just in case.
The day before the funeral, Mycroft visits for the first time. Mrs. Hudson lets him up, which is for the best. John's not entirely sure he would have. When he gives it a moment's thought, though, he's relieved to have him there. If anyone can rouse Sherlock from the state he's in, his brother can.
He could feel the gradual turning of the baby’s body, the alignment of its broad shoulders with the widest part of his pelvis. Each push moved that thick body further out of his own. The breaching of the shoulders was the hardest part, and he felt stretched so wide that he’d surely tear. He heard a loud shout and dully realized it was his own voice, harsh. He sucked in a deep breath and tried to keep quiet - he didn’t want his son born into the world only to hear his daddy’s shouting. He bit down on John’s shoulder to muffle his noises, and pushed again.
Sherlock does not answer at first. John is just about to ask again when Sherlock swallows and says in a hoarse, weak voice, “Very much.”
He woke up once more at 2:31, and again at 2:53. “No,” he informed his middle, getting up again to go walk through the cottage. He glanced outside - still snowing, with snow as far as the eye could see. He was about to go back to bed after another nasty cramp at 3:13 when John emerged from the bedroom and stared him down.
“Sorry we haven’t been by more often,” Sherlock said, genuinely apologetic that he hadn’t been to the lab in some time. He missed it, rather keenly.
Time takes on a hazy, unrealistic quality. Between contractions, Sherlock leans back against John. They are kneeling on the floor in a nest of blankets—which may be Sherlock's doing, he isn’t sure—and it has been a long time. Long enough that Sherlock should have started pushing, shouldn't he? He is about to ask when the pressure builds and twists and tightens and then squeezes, and he's pushing. He can't do anything else. John has his hands and is bracing Sherlock's back against his front. Sherlock pushes and pushes and
Sherlock nodded and sniffed a little, shifting. “I think I want to be on my side for this one,” he said, laying the baby down on the bed. “I want her to be right in front of me. I want to hold her while I give birth,” he said, feeling a small contraction roll through his lower back and belly, telling him that it was time once more.
She fit perfectly in the crook of Sherlock’s arm, her head cradled in the join of his elbow and her bottom resting in the palm of his hand. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he traced her ear, her cheek, caught her hand with his finger and stilled its movement. “Tess,” he said brokenly. “Tess.”
John did. He fed him another piece of lasagna, bite by bite. Sherlock chewed and swallowed slowly, trying to buy time for his stomach to expand and relax in between each bite. He kept one hand on his side, rubbing up and down lightly, impressed by how big he had gotten.
Six pounds, eight ounces, twenty inches long—she's warm, which is obvious, but also a fact worth wondering at, how very warm she is—a little mole-like birthmark on the inside of her left arm, ten perfect fingernails—fingernails are
Sherlock whined and tossed his head on the pillow, fighting his body every inch not to push. "Can't," he moaned, rocking up and down.
“It’ll be cold,” John said, laying his hand on Sherlock’s lower stomach and rubbing softly. “I’ll do the cream first and top off with the gas, if you take all of it. But you’re pretty full already, so.” Sherlock nodded and propped his head up on a pillow, eager to watch.
John’s brow furrowed and he looked up at Sherlock, sipping at his coffee. “Thanks for that tidbit,” he said. “What, are we expecting a litter?”
“Hold him,” she said, and handed the bundle to Sherlock. Even after decades being out of practice, his arms curled around the baby, holding him close in a way that he knew he’d never forget. He heard footsteps and John was a warm presence at his side, looking down at the baby in Sherlock’s arms. The little thing had the same cupid’s-bow lips that his mother had inherited from Sherlock, pursed in the way that all babies’ mouths were. Sherlock recognized Cameron’s nose.
John beamed at him, and Sherlock was glad. All he wanted to do was make John proud, and the more he could eat, the prouder John would be. John rewarded him with a light kiss to his swollen stomach and undid his trousers, helping Sherlock maneuver out of them - something that took longer than usual, with Sherlock struggling to work around his full stomach. When he finally sat back in his chair, back arched slightly to give his stomach more room, John settled in next to him once more and gave him a short break, rubbing his stomach slowly and lovingly. “Do you have more room now, beautiful?” John asked.
The anger in his chest evaporates as Sherlock sways to the side and throws one hand out to catch himself on a table. He knocks into something. Reflexively, he reaches out to catch it, and looks at what it was.
The lunch was hearty soups and sandwiches - filling enough to be satisfying and warm, but not too heavy. Sherlock managed to finish most of his, and John polished off what Sherlock couldn’t fit. The cafe was cheery and cosy, and Sherlock didn’t even feel the need to deduce any secrets about their waitress or the locals. They finished with about an hour to spare before the cookie tasting, and decided to take a walk around the town.
“Not far. Just outside London. There’s really not much there, if I’m honest, but according to the travel books there are a few cottages and maybe we could rent one for the weekend. Take a walk in nature.”
“If we’re very lucky,” Sherlock agreed drily, and let John shuffle him toward their waiting carriage.
"You're pregnant." The man looked up, slightly shocked, and John's face split with a victorious grin.
“I should have gotten you home much sooner than this,” John said, his voice dark with regret. “You should have been wrapped up, I should have been driving the horse. I’m meant to take care of you.” The alcohol had him still somber.
“The muscles that need to be loose are getting loose,” John assured, turning on the shower and letting it run until it was hot. “Everything else takes second place, so far as your body’s concerned. The hot water should help with some of that, though.”
Sherlock bit his lip and picked up his speed, grinding on John’s cock. “If this feels this good, I c-can’t imagine how good -“ He stopped, gasping, and John was about to ask what was wrong when he felt Sherlock’s body stiffen and contract around him. To his surprise, a moment later he felt warmth paint his stomach. Sherlock had just come from a
The roads were deserted on the drive home, so they made good time. Back to their flat and everything unloaded by half four, with John nearly vibrating out of his skin with impatience. Sherlock was a little nervous but excited to try - he had done this with John once before, and while it hadn’t been his favorite thing he knew John had appreciated it and enjoyed it
The big cat took to napping on the couch after dinner in the evenings, with his long body draped over John’s lap, belly-up. He was, if possible, more hungry for belly rubs than he had been before, but John didn’t mind. He could spend hours with his hands in that silky fur, rubbing over the fullness of his womb where their kittens grew. Sherlock, for his part, rarely ceased purring when John was rubbing his belly.
"No, nothing. Having trouble with this hoof, is all." Sherlock did manage to slip the chain around and pull it tight, tugging a few times to make sure it was secure. "Okay, John, hold the middle of the chain taut while I try and hook the other hoof. This is where it gets difficult."
They don’t have another baby shower, even though a fair chunk of what was given to them before disappeared into curls of smoke and piles of ash on the day that Sherlock finally broke. Instead, they have a small gathering, just close friends, and if some visitors leave gift bags and wrapped boxes on the kitchen table, nobody says anything.
John flushed bright red and coughed. Slowly, he wrapped thumb and forefinger around the teat and made a gentle stroke downwards. A dribble of milk dripped from the teat end, and John tried again, a little harder this time. A streak of milk shot out, but it wasn't at the right angle and it went all over John's pant leg. "Shit!" he cursed quietly, and Marjorie shifted uneasily on her feet. "No, no, ssh, it's fine, good girl." He angled the teat down towards the bucket this time, and as he squeezed he heard a chuckle from behind him. He turned around to see that Sherlock had switched sides, and was now rhythmically emptying Agnes's left quarters into the half-filled pail.
“Let’s go have a lie-down,” John said. Sherlock ignored the clock, which read 09:34, and followed John, holding onto his hand like it was a lifeline. He stripped off his trousers and shirt and climbed back into bed, under sheets that were barely cooled. John laid down next to him, facing him, and took his hand again. Sherlock resolutely did not cry. Not even when John wiped away the tears with the most tender hands Sherlock had ever felt.
“It’s done,” Sherlock said. John couldn’t remember ever seeing that look on his husband’s face before in his entire life, and it made him practically giddy with joy. “We did it.”
“Actually, she’s pretty big for a baby,” he said, sounding slightly impressed. “Should’ve weighed her before I dressed her. Mind if I do that now?” he asked, reaching out for the baby.
They were mere minutes from home when a sharp lurch of the carriage ended with a warm, wet patch spreading across Sherlock’s trousers. He immediately felt his cheeks heat with shame. He could now add incontinence to the long list of struggles this pregnancy had brought on him. The wet fabric cooled on his thighs, a clammy reminder of his embarrassment. His back smarted again, adding insult to injury, and he shifted uncomfortably on the unforgiving wooden bench seat. He was stiff from the cold and pain, tears of frustration and shame gathering in the corners of his eyes. He was a weak man, to be brought to such emotions by discomfort and cold. He wiped his nose with his handkerchief, dabbed at the tears in his eyes and guided the horse into their driveway.
"Ah." John continued to milk Marjorie. "And the baby? Do you have a mate, back in London? I can't imagine being away from them for that long, must be hard -"
“Send word when the baby comes,” Violet said, kissing Sherlock’s cheek as they prepared to leave. “Daddy and I will come by to meet the little one and bring gifts. I think we’ll see you again before the year is out,” She cooed, patting Sherlock’s middle.
"One can never be too wary." Chop, chop, chop. "Don't take offence, John. I'm merely being cautious. You weren't what I was expecting when I placed the ad." At John's look of confusion, Sherlock elaborated. "I was nearly certain that some local half-arsed teenager would show up and do the bare minimum to get by, and demand breaks and recompense for work he didn't do. Forgive me if I'm a cynic. I simply never choose to believe that everyone is what they seem on first glance." Chop, chop, chop. "Would you like scallions in your soup?"
Sherlock lifted his hands and put them firmly on the tabletop. "It will be a constant reminder of a great mistake that I made, and regret."
When they got home, Sherlock went immediately into the bath and turned on the shower, standing under the hot water. They enlisted Mrs. Hudson to entertain Cara while John attended to Sherlock, who was at once eager to have their daughter and so exhausted already that he wasn’t sure if he’d have the energy to bring her forward.
Sherlock swallows hard. His stomach is still churning, but he is fairly sure that he is no longer in urgent danger of being sick. He lies back down. John curls up against his side and rests his hand on Sherlock’s chest.
He stayed on his side for as long as he could stand it, trying to save up what little strength he had. All too soon the contractions became pressing, and it felt like the baby had dropped even further and was pressing against his ripening cervix. “I need to move,” Sherlock gasped at the tail end of a contraction, shaking his head. “Help - I need to move, I need her to move down more.”
John nodded and went back to suckling at Sherlock’s cock. Just when Sherlock would start to feel close, John would put a few seconds’ worth of whipped cream into him, and the pressure would make him ache so much that the pleasure would ebb. He started to feel packed uncomfortably full, like he might burst, and he said John’s name, pained. John responded by sliding a hand up over Sherlock’s distended lower gut, teasing over the painfully tight belly. Sherlock was at John’s mercy.
“Quite dramatic,” the first nurse said, taking Sherlock’s wheelchair and pushing him toward the hospital doors. “Haven’t had a waters-breaking-in-the-parking-lot for at least six months. Let’s get you inside, sweetie, you look like you’re well ready to have this baby.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and looked at his mate. He made a pensive face and shrugged. “So long as you do all the work, I won’t mind. I don’t feel very attractive at the moment, but-“
Beamer when he got home, and toted his load of groceries into the house. "I'd call that a success," he beamed, setting his haul out on the countertop and starting to unpack. Sherlock went to push himself to his feet, but John shot him a glower and Sherlock sank back into the chair. "Picked up some chocolates for you," he continued, and tossed them onto the couch next to his mate. He made short work of putting away all the groceries, and then flopped down on the couch next to Sherlock.
The man crouched slightly, trying to protect his dignity, and looked up at Sherlock through dripping eyelashes. "H-hello, I'm John Watson, I'm here about the ad-"
was rocking chairs and kitsch on the shelves. Sherlock despised kitsch, aside from the skull. And neither of them would ever be caught dead in a rocking chair. Their living room still had the same two chairs, taken without question from Baker Street and transplanted into their house in Sussex. There was a new mantle, but with the same knife stuck into it, for old time’s sake.
The twenty-first day of April dawned bright and sunny, albeit more than a little damp from the storms the night before. Marjorie's baby calf, Maisie, met John eagerly at the gate for her bottle, and John fed her happily, eager himself to finish chores and go back to the house to spend time with his mate and their newborn baby. Sherlock had decided to name her Mary, as she was his 'little lamb', and John had chuckled and kissed little Mary on the forehead as she snuffled in sleep.
According to the sheet their rental host had tacked onto their fridge, there was a Christmas Eve lunch at a cafe in town the next day, and a Christmas cookie tasting at the local town hall. “Everyone invited,” was what the paper said, and after double-checking the town’s website to confirm, John and Sherlock decided they would attend.
“She’s big,” John said, nodding. “I know she is. But your doctor said you could do it, and if you can’t, we can call an ambulance. But I think you can do it. You grew her, you can certainly deliver her.” He pulled the shower head from its cradle and aimed the pulsing hot water at Sherlock’s lower back, which drew a moan from the laboring man. “I’m here to help.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh at that, a little. He kissed John back, feeling a used-to-be-familiar heat in his belly. “It always wants you,” he said, “And so do I.”
“You’re welcome. You focus on what you need to stay comfortable, and I’ll handle the rest.” John gave a last pat to Sherlock’s back and went outside to try and get cell service.
...and breathe. Little by little, he brings their daughter closer to the world, until with a gasp and a sudden fierce flare of pain—
But then he turns his head towards John, opens his eyes, and fixes him with a blank, empty look. "Why?"
"John," he says. He doesn't embrace him, but he does lay his hand on his shoulder. "I cannot imagine what this has been like for you. You have my profoundest sympathies."
By the time Sherlock’s right foot was equally pink as the left, that wet patch had grown much larger and another one had started to form a few inches south of the first. Sherlock was almost squirming when John put his foot down and slid out from underneath his legs. John held out both arms for Sherlock to grab onto and then, with what had become a practiced motion, he hauled Sherlock to his feet.
“There we are - dinner is served,” he said, setting the full pan down next to Sherlock and scooping a generous portion onto a plate. He cut a bit off - mostly cheese and noodle, with a little sauce - and held it at Sherlock’s mouth. “C’mon, love. Plenty here to fill you up.”
“Robin. Hayley? No.” Sherlock tapped on his thigh thoughtfully as they rode in the cab back to Baker Street. “Clarissa?”
As John rose to get Sherlock something to eat, a big, warm paw on his arm stopped him. He turned back around to face the black cat, meeting the serval’s gaze. Sherlock extended his neck to nuzzle at John’s cheek, licking the stubble on his jaw with his rough tongue. “You’ve been eating placentas with that mouth,” John chastised, but gave the serval a thorough scratching anyway. Sherlock let out a deep yowl, looking John in the eyes and giving him that strange smile-like expression again. John caressed a soft ear. “I love you too.”
“I think you have enough room,” John said cheerily, pushing the glass of milk back into Sherlock’s hand. “Stand in front of the mirror and drink it.”
They dropped Soren off at Uncle Greg’s along the way. The little boy didn’t seem perturbed in the least that his daddy was going off to have the baby, and ran into the house as soon as Greg opened the door. Greg wished them well and sent them off with a smile and a wave, which Sherlock returned tiredly.
When Sherlock could open his eyes again, he took in the sight of himself. His stomach was crammed so full that he could see blue veins at the surface of it. There was still that hard lump where the carbonation had gathered, making his stomach come to a peak. Further down, the pressure was even greater, two cans of whipped cream distending his lower guts until they peaked at his navel, his stomach wide and rounded. The curve back down to his softening cock was stretched so tight that it barely gave beneath his fingertips. He rolled with effort onto his side, unable to curl up because of the pressure, so with no relief he rolled back onto his back, still sloshing from the liquids. “John,” he said helplessly, his voice thick. He clutched his full belly. “Full. Uh. Ohh, ough. Gonna. Pop.”
Soon, Gladstone was standing easily when tied, and followed John eagerly around the pen when the ex-soldier led him around the edge. He bounded and bellowed excitedly when John led him out of the pen for the first time, and nearly pulled John off his feet when Victor had barked and startled him. John managed to pull him to a stop and calm him down, but decided next time, Victor would be tied up before he took Gladstone for a walk.
He looks around for Sherlock and finds that but besides him, the bathroom is unoccupied. So, it transpires, is the other men's bathroom. A quick look over the main room finds it similarly lacking in Sherlocks. John takes out his phone, taps out a quick text:
The next autumn, as the weather turns cold, Sherlock senses the changes in his body that mean his cycle is returning.
