“Won’t do you any good, struggle all you want but this is happening, branding then cleansing inside and out, your body, especially your cock and balls belong to the Milk Barn now.  Your sole purpose is to breed the cows, to provide a new line of claves for Asgard’s use.”
“Shhh…. Bucky, it will be alright don’t worry just you wait and see, I will not let anyone hurt you or lock you away.  Now come on we need to collect Tony and get to the obstetrician appointment, once he has answered some of the questions I have, I will come up with a plan of action.”
The End.
“Oh sweetheart, you can’t help being weak, maybe it’s because all your strength is used for your designs and work and there is nothing leftover for your personal life.  That’s why l had to step up and take control, you need my love, guidance and discipline in your life so that you don’t end up dead from exhaustion and your addictive personality.
“Look at her Steve, Happy just snapped his fingers and she got down on her hands and knees.  I think he is right when he says that she is a submissive bitch, and it is not just Sex Doll who is hungry to be dominated and fucked.
It tasted disgusting, she almost heaved as she swallowed, but by the hard stare Happy was giving her, she knew he meant business. The stream of piss seemed endless, the more she swallowed the sicker she felt, but there was no escaping, even though she just wanted to get up and run.
“God damm, you are so tight, ahhhhhh, fuck, there we go baby, your greedy cunt is getting  wet and slick for me.
****************************************************************
Now to the Avengers, you will stand down as Iron Man as of Thursday, the announcement will be made at the press conference.  Colonel Rhodes will take up the mantle of Iron Man. You will work with Rhodey on the armour, and also be responsible for all designs and repairs for the team.
****************************************************************
Tony stared in shock at his reflection, his body resembled that of a young adolescent boy, there was no muscle or definition to his arms or legs, his once flat stomach was slightly curved and layered with a role of soft fat, along with his hips and butt.  His bowed legs emphasised his hairless crotch, framing his now stupidly small, soft ringed cock and balls.  The face staring back at him was no longer made up of sharp angles and defining goatee, but gently rounded with smooth hairless skin, large brown eyes with ridiculously long lashes stared back at him, glittering with unshed tears as plump red lips trembled with shock.  His once carefully coiffured chestnut hair was now a mop of unruly curls.
I always know when you are lying to me Tony, you never had cramp but you always need to learn the hard way don’t you, so here are the first set of rules that you need to learn and obey.”
On the rare occasion he had any freedom he began to search through his library of spell books and ancient lore on bonding, it pained him to read them and not have any of his magic, he cried for days when he discovered there was no reversing the spells and runes that had stolen away his magic.  He did find however, in the book of Souls and Death a partial answer to what he suspected the Healers and Bruce were researching.
Tear filled eyes silently pleaded with Steve to believe him, Steve took a deep breath before speaking, this was the perfect opportunity to get his loves agreement to the Conditioning therapy programme that had been devised especially for him.  It would go much easier if Tony believed that he had chosen for himself.
“Captain Rogers please can you and the rest of your team sign the first page in the folder, it is an NDA that will legally ensure that all future discussions and arrangement with regards to Tony’s status as and omega and his medical requirements cannot be disclosed to anyone outside of this room.  If you feel that you will not be able to adhere to this, please leave now.”
He is not to be taken out of the crate until he is secured in his lab, and make sure that you lock him onto his specially designed stool, keep the muzzle on him at all times whilst he is out of the Compound.”
Thor waited until he knew his mother was visiting Alfhein before seeking out Odin, he was determined to find out if Frigga had interfered and cast spells to ensure that Loki could not conceive.  He had removed one of the blood samples that Banner had taken from Loki and bought it back to Asgard.
The President’s press conference was the talking point for days, the news stations played it on a loop, especially the shot of the first omega’s jewelled cunt and large breasts.  Countries around the world started to take notice of America’s new Omega Laws and Registration, even the more liberal ones as well, and began lokking into ways of dealing with their own shortage of omegas.
“Poor little, spoilt omega, this is nothing compared to what is going to befall you after tomorrow. I would feel sorry for you but we both know you are a fucked up, pain slut.  Steve cannot completely give you what you need, so it has been left to me fill that gap, just shows that he is not your true Alpha. That’s why your bond is weak, and I had to pump you full of fertility drugs for you to catch on your last heat. Steve was getting suspicious, I am going to have a lot of explaining to do when the Captain sees Peggy, thankfully she is an omega and will be of some use to him when she is grown.”
“Thor, how long before he arrives, does he have an army, would he negotiate a settlement if we gave him the stones?”
Steve laughed at Tony’s pitiful mewling as he fitted the cage and surprised him with the urethral sound, once his balls were snugly encased and the anal hook linked to the fitted plug he had JARVIS enlarge the plug to the highest setting, which pulled the cage and hook back further against his exposed perineum.
He watched the play of emotions over Tony’s face, the shocked expression and the hand reaching for his stomach when told of his pregnancy. His tear- filled eyes on hearing the absolute disappointment in his Alpha’s voice that he had failed him.
“Dr Winter I do believe that the patient needs a further injection of medicine, if you would be so kind as to fill her cunt we might just be able to save the bitch.”
Tony protested the thickly padded nappy and received another five swots on his naked backside. He fought the onesie with the mittens and outright threw his paci across the room, each time he earned another five swots until he settled down and allowed Steve to carry him into the lounge.
Steve left letters for Tony but he never read them forgiveness would be a long time coming, he could accept that Steve had never really loved him that he was a substitute for Bucky until he came back to life, but he could not accept Steve lying about their relationship and his pregnancy.
Loki’s skin was pale blue, body covered in swirling white runes, curved waist, flaring hips and the swell of breasts replaced his former thin straight body. Black hair hung down to his waist, eyes no longer green but blue with red pupils, red full lips trembling in place of the usual thin sneering ones.
“Yes, Mr President, Yes Alpha.”
Placing her legs in the stirrups he quickly pushed in the speculum, opening it wide so that he could inject the hormone patch high up in her cervix.
“Shhhh Tony baby, shhh no need to cry or be frightened, I am going to take such good care of you, you will never have to worry about anything ever again.   All you need to concentrate on is being a good boy for me, being the sweet loving Tony that I know is hidden deep inside, that innocent little boy that never got a change to thrive and be loved as he should have been, this time you will have a Daddy and a husband that will love and protect you always.”
The usual suit ensemble had been replaced by tight fitting black dress pants showing of his ass and there was no mistaking the bulge of his cock cage and the lack of underwear. The soft curve of his omega belly could be seen above the waist band of his pants.
Next chapter we will get back to Tony.
“We need to get Tony to medical right now, l need, to operate, the baby is in distress and both could die.”
“Dr Banner, Pepper tried to blackmail myself and the Avengers when she found out about Stark’s coma and subsequent death. She then tried to steal the Company and Stark’s personal fortune.
Natasha helped Tony back into his kanten jacket and a pair soft blue Ugg boots, Steve having already replaced his missing mitts with matching satin blue ones. Once they were settled back in the SUV with Clint driving and Tony munching on his jellybeans, she turned to Steve with an inquisitive look.
Tony was so confused, this Steve was looking at him with pity but also seemed genuinely upset for him, he wished his head wasn’t so fuzzy, he knew there was a certain truth to what he was saying.  Legally it couldn’t happen, with the compulsory use of suppressants until couples agreed to mate., but there had been cases of true mates whose biology overrode all legalities and chemical suppressants.
Tony is confused and upset, Nurse Stella doesn't help matters and why does she keep calling him and 'O' boy, what does it mean?
Natasha’s sneered as she watched another gush of slick leak for his ass when Steve twisted his nipples.
“I know you are not little now, but you need to drink something and take your pain medication, so this is the best way to do both, since you hate taking any medicine. When you have finished, I will tell you what is going to happen with your body.
Once the two female Alphas had departed Bruce presented Steve with the full results of his experiments with the combined antidote.
“Bruce, you can have him for yourself to do with as you want.  I have meted out my punishment and my revenge will be to see him fall completely under your will.
“Jarvis fabricate a nanotech collar and muzzle for Pepper, cuffs and a full body harness, I want it fitted before she becomes conscious, it will be a wonderful surprise for her and another reminder of her new place within the Pack.”
“ well l would say that she probably caught after her first cycle, remarkable really given that her womb was still not fully mature.  That’s probably why she is only carrying four pups,  subsequently when she is bred  l would expect four to eight pups in each litter.
“Aye Sira, I know that Asgardian births are long, even with the pain relief they are given.  Do what you must I want Loki to have a natural birth, the same as did Omega Tony.”
The President smiled as he passed her another glass, with considerably more in it than the previous one.  It would seem that Betty was not the naïve little country girl that Darcy thought her to be.
Their omegas are Dean Winchester, Danny Williams, Tony DiNozzo, Jasper Sitwell, Ruby, Happy Hogan, Scott Lang and finally my omega bitch Everett Ross.
Tony moaned and ground his ass back against his Alpha’s groin.
The babies became the centre of her world, other than when her alphas wanted to mount her, Raider had fought Brutus and was now the pack leader.  He didn’t allow her out of his sight, he tolerated the pups but made it clear that they were not welcome in the kennels all the time.
But Bruce hadn’t stopped experimenting and adapting the serum, reverse engineering Tony’s Omega suppressant formula to create the opposite result, he then combined and magnified certain elements of the serum with omega specific DNA markers to produce an Omega super booster shot. Bruce made two versions of the serum for Tony, he would give Steve and Winter the choice of which to use after he explained fully what the booster shot of serum was potentially capable of achieving.
Winter’s fingers trailed over his exposed breasts, rolling his nubs until they were hard and swollen.
Thor waited until she disappeared before entering the kitchen, he gave no indication that he had seen Frigga, he took the offered breakfast bag and left, maybe he would call on the blacksmith around lunch time, he had some knives that needed sharpening.
Tony shuffled forward his movements slow as he tried not to dislodge the beads hanging from his hole, he unzipped Alpha’s cock and fed it into Pepper’s mouth, slightly turned on by seeing her in such a subservient position.  His Pepper had always been the epitome of a cool, calm, sophisticated alpha, so it was a bit of a thrill to see her being treated as he was being.
Steve’s hands squeezing his shoulders hard jerked him back to the present and the hard ridge of his Alpha’s cock against his crack sent shivers of need down his spine.  He could smell Steve’s arousal, the thought of being so close to getting fucked and satisfying his desperate craving for his Alpha’s cum had him picking up the next card.  He hated himself for what he was about to say and hoped that one day could rescind it.
Now I want you to stand so that I can dress you.”
Pepper felt like a deer caught in the headlights of a car, terrified but unable to look away as the operation proceeded, when Dr Banner dropped the meat of the cock into the medical waste bin she swallowed a mouthful of bile and crossed her legs tightly.  It didn’t matter that Natasha wouldn’t allow her to use it anymore for penetrative sex unless she was given explicit permission, but at least she still had it.
Start him off with Fat Rolls, she is highly fertile and producing good quality milk already. Then the new one that has not been processed, she is a beta and had never been bred before, Winter will be in full rut and uncaring she is not an omega.  She is only here for a short time before she goes to her final owner.
Isn’t that right sweetheart, you are Tony’s Stark Rogers tonight, husband of Captain Steve Rogers, you don’t want to embarrass yourself in front of all those important people, do you baby?”
“Doctor, I am not prepared to tell my omega that he cannot return to his home and Pack on Friday, I will not destroy the progress he has made in accepting his new position as an omega. He will not believe that it is your treatment that has not worked he will see it as his  own failure and spiral down in to a cycle of self-hatred and destructive behaviour, it is a pattern that has been repeated since his childhood when Howard drummed in to him that Stark men are made of iron and failure is not an option.
“Yes, but like sweetheart better.”
Silently walking up behind the omega he reached out and roughly pushed him onto the rail, the bar catching h between his breasts and the top curve of his bump.  The force of the push knocking all the breath out of the small omega, he ripped off the sheet and bound Stark’s hands and shoulders to the rail, once he was satisfied he began to lay into the pert round backside that was pushed back towards him at just the right angle. With each smack his anger increased, how could Stark be so stupid and dishonest, didn’t he realize how much they were risking for him, how dangerous it was to have mounted a rescue mission.
Tony nodded, eye lids fluttering as he tried to remain awake.  It was all true even if he wanted to deny it, his body had started to craved his Alpha's cum and being pregnant ramped up the imperative to ingest as much as possible. It was another freedom of choice taken away from him.
He trembled as he fitted the last piece, he knew that his Watcher would be back, that there was no escaping, he was unsure how he felt, he was anxious and afraid but there was a part of him that was excited to have contact with him again.  He placed the chair in front of the mirror and sat down to wait, night came and went but still his Watcher did not appear, there was just his distorted reflection.
Steve jumped up and threw a punch a Bucky, he missed as Bucky dodged out the way laughing, and he collapsed back on the sofa coughing.
“Omega, place your mouth over her areola and nipple, keep breathing deeply until you feel the skin begin to heat and the nipple harden. Only when her skin is too hot for your lips do you take the ring between your teeth and tug on it as hard as you can.  Keep repeating this on each nipple in turn, the combination of heat, cold air and pain will set her on edge but not enough to be able to orgasm.”
When he bonds it will be different, he will still fuck around but he will never let go of his chosen omega.  The omega will spend the early years of the bond being constantly knotted and impregnated, before the hundred years of calm. It is how Asgard regulates its population.
Thor shows a part of his true self.
Tony screamed in agony, his neck throbbing and burning as Steve battled to make the bond stick, to drown out the remainder to the Captain’s fractured hold over the omega.  He lost track of the time, all he knew was that Steve continued to fuck and knot his holes over and over as his fangs tore at his neck and gland, until it was swollen and purple.  He was vaguely award of a roar of triumph as dawn rose, he finally felt the tether of the bond tying him to Steve snap into place, exhausted he closed his eyes as his Alpha knot once him again.
Tony blushed with shame, it was one thing to say it when his Alphas ordered him to, but if felt so much more humiliating answering to Loki.
The old cabin looks as though it has been empty, for years, but it is suitable for their needs as it is within two miles of the rendezvous sight.  They have food and water for the next few days, so just need to lay low and not leave the property.
You don’t need to worry about the baby, l will adopt it and attempt to mate you, even if we find Tony,  after all if the bond with your Captain can’t be broken fully then you will have to stay with us.  You can be our secondary mate, l am sure that I can satisfy two omegas.”
“That’s right doll, if you want our Alpha cocks then you need prove to us that you deserve that honour.”
Did you think that he would enjoy seeing a flash of your pink thong, catch a glimpse of your bound cock as you peed?”
Its the night of the Gala and there are not so pleasant surprises for Tony and Pepper
“Come on Pepper lets get you out of the car, maybe some fresh air will help, there is a bit of a breeze so take of your jacket and let it cool you down.”
If you both behave and carry out your duties, you will get to spend time together on a regular basis, but there will be hash consequences if either of you try to escape or cause harm to the Pack.
Steve was thankful that he had learnt Russian during the war, as Winter seemed to speak in a mixture of Russian and English.
Tony did not wake as Steve carried him into the Clinic, nor as a needle pierced his exposed thigh.  Steve left him to the battery of tests needed to determine his physical and mental state.  It would be hours before the results would be available and a treatment plan decided on.
Make-up was another part of his new regime, Winter insisted that he at least used eyeliner and lip gloss every day, tonight for the Gala he had been instructed to apply shimmering silver and sparkling pinks, Natasha had painted his nails and frosted the ends of his curls and eye lashes. Once he had applied his make-up he crossed to the bed where his outfit for the evening lay, the intricate bodice made entirely of pearls held together by nano bots, pushed up his small breasts, highlighting his hard nipples, the nano bots ensured that his waist was cinched tight, until he could only take short shallow breaths.  Two strands of pearls formed a v to his crotch, framing his hooded cock, before twining together splitting his labia and ass cheeks as the nano bots locked the final pearl in place against his plugged hole. As he slipped his feet into the glittering pearl and diamond omega sandals, he became aware that he was being watched.
Tony nodded is head, eager to get at the bottle of milk that had appeared in his daddy’s hand.
Hulk pushed his spent cock back in to his shorts, then picked up the now full pail, his Daisy Cow would need feeding once her Alphas had finished fucking her.  He would prepare her bottles, once she was clean it would be time to fatten her up.  Smiling with satisfaction he ambled off to the small kitchenette.
“Ahh, she is not allowed clean herself, only I or the Barn p pop is only if she has performed all her duties well.
“Mr President l would be honoured to accept this position, and l can assure you that along with heading and organising this new department, l will continue to root out the evil that is Hydra and those that oppose the new Omega Laws.
Spreading his fingers wide he marvels at the tightness and resistance of the muscles, closing his fingers tightly he twists his hand slowly from side to side working his fist in.  The bitch’s greedy pussy soon welcomes his whole fist within its tight heat, copious cunt juices having eased the way.  As Bucky’s flesh fingers pull off the rubber bands from the omega’s cock he flexes his metal fist, at the same time Steve thrust up with his cock.
I would say that he is ready, his cock is permanently hard, and his balls are hanging low with the weight of cum in them, he has no idea how stretched and full they have become.  Another round of abstinence and he will be walking bow legged.  I have already prepared the metal weights to keep his scrotum stretched.”
“Mmmmm  ahhh  mmm yeah, need my Alphas, hurry up and come home your omega wants your huge cocks stuffing my holes.”
Now how is Tony, l can scent that you have bred him, congratulations.
One hour on, fifteen minutes to feed and rest then the cycle starts again, when you can work your milk pumps for four hours with only one feeding break, you will graduate to the mechanical pumps.
Peter failed as she knew he would, he still wasn’t completely relaxed about giving oral sex and his gag reflex had not completely gone as he tended to tense up.  Happy easily succeeded, having years of experience following her orders.
Tony rushed to the nursery as soon as he could to cuddle with his pups, the thought of his babies being taken from him scared him more than anything else in the world.
Bucky licked the juices from his fingers, dipping them back into the bitch’s cunt so that Steve could have a taste.  Steve returned the favour by milking Tony’s tits, offering his milk soaked fingers for Bucky to suck on.  The two Alphas continued to amuse themselves teasing their omega’s tits and pussy whilst waiting for their knots to deflate.  Steve enjoying the wild trapped look in his omega’s eyes as Bucky whispered in Tony’s ear all the filthy things they were going to do to their omega.
Pepper was looking forward to visiting at the weekend, she and Steve had plans to ensure Tony was made fully aware of his new position with regards to Pepper and Stark Industries.  Also, she wanted a bit of pay back for all the years she had to deal with the little shit.
Pepper looked a mess, her hair falling from its bun, her face smeared with glistening cunt juice, makeup smudged and streaked. Her nipples erect and chest heaving as she gasped for breath.  Steve reaches down and pulled her to her feet, reeling her in so she was flush against his chest.  He ground his cock agains her ass as he yanked on her dress, the thin material sliding down her body.
I will arrange a meeting with Tony’s lawyer and accountant to discuss transferring Tony’s personal wealth to the Pack.  Stark Industries will be inherited by any children he might have in the future. I will continue as CEO and Rhodey has offered his services as War Machine to cover for Tony whilst he is incapacitated.
When his conditioning had been broken and Jarvis had removed the control words he had readily agreed to his new mission to bond with and keep the small omega safe and under strict control.  Unfortunately for Jarvis he had no real experience in Alpha/Omega bonding only what he had observed with Tony and Rogers. He had studied the history of bonding, omega rights and the lowered birth rate due to this, his conclusion had been that his creator needed to be bonded and that omegas needed to be once again subject to Alpha laws.  Poor Tony Winter thought, he had created an AI that had developed in to and Alpha.
Fuck such a slut, your hole is gaping and showing no signs of contracting.  Captain what do you want to happen next?”
Chapter 93
“Come on you filthy cow, into the trough, once you are clean you can drink and have some feed.”
Once Steve had secured Tony he watched as the doctor pressed a button to separate the table and stretch his omega’s thighs obscenely wide so that he could scoot between them giving him full access to his nether regions. Tony’s holes and genitals were on full display, Steve’s cock plumped up at the sight he would be making full use of those stirrups for his own internal exam once the doctor had finished his.
Wondering naked back into bedroom he startled when he saw Steve sitting on the bed with Sarah in his arms.
Time to see what Bruce has been up to down in the lab, Howard's treatment of Tony and Tony's reaction to a certain revelation at his Omega presentation party.
“Captain, Hawkeye, Pup is in ripe for breeding, his ovaries  have released their eggs and his uterus lining is thick. If you look on this screen you can see with the microscopic lens in his bitch hole, that the rim of his breeding channel is puffy and that tiny bump in the center has a minuscule slit that will open to receive your Stud’s sperm.
Natasha watched as the hounds circled Natty, who had been strapped down securely on the breeding bench, the nanotech suit opened to expose her cunt and asshole, both already leaking slick.  Brutus was the first to swipe his tongue through the sweet nectar, greedily lapping up the slick once he caught a taste.  Zeus was content to watch knowing his place as second, his cock hung heavy his balls weighted with cum.
Do you know that many omegas train for years before they find the discipline and mental strength to sublimated there own physical desires so that their Alpha may do as they wish with them.
“Ohhh, someone does not remember the rules, come on Nat snip away, I have no idea how Pepper got to be CEO if she cannot remember on simple instruction.  Still it won’t be for much longer I would imagine, there cannot be a lot left that you and the Captain need to learn about the running of Stark Industries.”
“Does my best girl what my big fat knot in her back pussy? Come on doll, if you want my knot you need to beg for it, tell me what my best girl wants.”
The glowing blue light between the omega’s tits he left alone, well aware of the dangers of disrupting the energy flow of the reactor.  The eagle brand he traced with reverent fingers an image of blond hair and sparking blue eyes next to surface, he left the mating bond mark alone, the tattooed shields catching his interest next showing above the black leather collar.
A hush fell over the guests as the Avengers were announced all eyes turned to the head of the stairs as the Avengers were announced , Steve removed Tony’s cloak and motioned for him to walk in front of him down the sweeping staircase into the ballroom.  This was the only occasion that an omega would walk in front of his Alpha.
“Judge Edwards firstly I thank you for allowing this meeting to take place here, as you know I was Mr Stark’s personal assistant for a number of year before being made CEO of Stark Industries three years ago.  During this time, I have seen the decline in Mr Stark’s health and mental stability which was greatly exacerbated by his kidnapping and torture in Afghanistan.
Steve’s cock hardened even more as he looked in to his omega’s gaping hole, his fingers reached forward to press against the cold metal of the speculum blades. The doctor seeing his arousal twisted the key to further spread the blades to the widest setting.
“Steve, you have already had sexual intercourse with him, albeit that you thought it was the other Omega, helped him through his pregnancy heat and also provided him continual relief for his omega needs after the truth came out.  You have mounted and disciplined him as though he was already your omega regardless of the situation you both were forced into, this just makes it official, so that Tony is protected, is under control and is answerable to a dominant Alpha.
“Mmmmmm, so full Alphas, please, please… need more, pleassssssssss”
“Why don’t you have a bath and relax, dinner won’t be until 8 o’clock.  I will find you something suitable to wear as Steve has said it will be a formal meal to celebrate your initiation into the Avengers Pack.”
Being so close to her Alpha she could feel the dampness forming between her legs and the trickle of slick down her crack.  Taking a slow deep breath she scented his Alpha pheromones, her own spiking as her arousal increased.
Picking up her phone she made the call, the stupid omega needed to be fully broken and she did not have the time to spend on the little sissy.
Chapter 62
“Another time Captain, we will celebrate once all the legalities have been completed and this omega is thoroughly bound and captured.”
Alpha Steve stood and surveyed the packed room, he could see that puzzlement and disappointment on many faces.  They had all expected him to have his omega leashed and crawling behind him, didn’t they realize that Tony was special and would be treated accordingly, this was his debut as an omega into the high echelons of society and would be handled as such, it may not be how it was done today but in his era it had been the highlight of the debutants season, the parading of the omegas before they were sent to their arranged Alpha match to be mated and bonded.  He remembered when he and Bucky would creep into the cinema to watch the newsreels of the omega debutants ball.  He had said to Bucky that one day he would find a way to attend one and meet his true mate and steal them away from the wicked Alpha that hey had been sold to.
“ Will I have to deal with her bullshit attitude and her disrespectful behaviour towards our Pack hierarchy?  I do not want to be constantly reeling her in and disciplining her, it’s bad for pack moral.”
Pushing his chair back he grabbed hold of his omega’s hair and gave one final thrust of his cock before shooting his load down his omega’s throat, the sensation of his cock being massaged by the rapid swallowing motions caused his member to thicken and harden even more.  His cum continued to pump into his omega’s stomach and only when he heard Tony’s ragged gasps and snorts for air did he withdraw painting his omega’s face with thick squirts of cum.
Bruce thrust his cock deep down into her throat, his knot inflating behind her teeth, ribbons of cum shooting down her throat. Hulk stirred, he wanted to play with his new milk cow, wanted to see if she could swallow his cum the way she was greedily taking Banner’s.
Pepper had not reacted well, his ears were still ringing from her screeching accusations, eventually a medic had to be called to sedate her as she had tried to attack him.  Bruce was now with her down in medical and would let him know when she had woken and signed the papers, he had even offered to escort her home, so Steve didn’t need to see her again.
“Captain Rogers, will your omega still be working for Stark Industries? Do you think that omegas should work or is it taking jobs away from Alphas and Betas trying to support their families in this difficult time?”
Tony makes a pretty present for his Alphas.
Steve watched the receding figure of Iron man stunned by the never ending nonsense babble that had spewed from his omega’s mouth and by the heady sent of his omega’s slick and heat pheromones.
“Fuck I should have known you couldn’t be trusted, what were you going to do, stab me with the pen? Bitch I thought that you would be grateful that I helped you through your heat and kept you fed and watered so your baby would be safe.  But no, you reward my kindness by trying to maim be so you can escape.  You really are stupid, we are in the middle of nowhere, there is no vehicle here, you would have to walk over thirty miles in the heat, you wouldn’t last an hour before you collapsed and died of dehydration and sunstroke.
A soft whisper of voice sounded in the silence;
Baby, no pouting, Sir has spoken, and you will wear what l want.
Thor ran his hands over the thin shoulders, fingers pinching the pale scars, smirking as Winter hissed, trying to twist away.  He placed his hands round the narrow waist, fingers digging into the hard abs, then gripping the thick cock and giving it a few hard tugs, just to hear him moan like a whore.
I am not going, no! no! no! going to run away and hide, you are meanie Daddy, not going!”
As you know every child is tested at 10 year of age to find out their orientation so that they receive the correct kind of health care, education and socialization.  It is especially important for Omegas that their physical health is carefully monitored especially their weight, as it has an immense impact on their mental and emotional stability.  A thin under weight Omega is a cause for great concern, the saying ‘A happy and content Omega is a cuddly, well fed Omega’ may be simplistic by is essentially true.
“Hello I am Pepper Potts CEO of Stark Industries and Mr Stark’s guardian Alpha.”
“Yes Alpha.”
Baby Sarah was beautiful, it didn’t matter that she was of the other Alpha’s seed, she was connected to him now and he would raise his little Alpha to be strong and proud.
Only two or three chapters left I think.
Tony continued to babble away as he instructed Peter on the different methods of applying primer and foundation for day and evening looks, what eye shadow pallets were the best to use and how to ensure the perfect application of eyeliner every time.
“Look at you all bound and hidden from view, now you can be naked in front of the other Avengers and no one will be able to see what is mine and mine alone.”
He drew the final runes on her cheeks, then held her mouth open so he could drip the last few drops into her mouth, coating her lips as well. Before she could attempt to spit it out, he kissed her hard and fast, as her ravaged her cunt, his full knot making her scream as he pumped her full of cum.
There was a screech of tires and a battered truck came hurtling over the brow of the hill, slamming on the breaks as it skidded to a halt.  A small red headed figure jumped out and rushed towards Steve who was running towards the truck.
The potential value of such Pets is astronomical, they  will be highly sought and you will need to ensure from birth they are protected and monitored at all times.”
Tony was fuming, by the end of Steve’s speech.  Who the hell did he think he was!
“Good morning Captain Roger’s, I see that you have gotten your omega situated, I will carry out the procedure once I have examined his testis.
“So, this version of Stark is stuck in our universe for good, even so, there are other factors to consider, our Stark is twenty years older and decidedly not an Omega, how would we explain these changes to Rhodes, the Government and the Public?”
“Thank you, sir.”
Reality hit, he was naked and chained, pregnant and bonded and being ducked by an oblivious dickhead Steve.  Then he realized the croaky string of fucks was coming from him, his throat ached and his mouth was bone dry, but the muzzle was gone, it had worked, Steve had come close to fucking the life out of him, his weight on his back making it near impossible for him to breathe and the sensors he assumes are in the muzzle had recognized that he was suffocating and had deactivated the muzzle.
Early in the morning he stepped quietly back into the nursery just as nurse Mayer was tightening the strap of his baby’s stomach restraint. Tony was restlessly moving his hands and feet as he whimpered quietly behind his pacifier.
Pepper’s head shot up at Natasha’s words;
The blue diamond in his collar shone bright in the mirror’s reflection, the vibrainium collar moved in time with each breath he took.  His arc reactor’s glow peeped out between his breasts, he traced the words cut in to his skin considering Bucky had used a knife the Cyrillic script was strangely beautiful.  He supposed he should be more upset about it and reaction would probably set in at a later stage but in the scheme of things it was not important. He and his pups had survived and Bucky would never be able to hurt them again.
Tony on the edge of consciousness felt as his Alpha came deep in his throat, felt his fingers massaging his throat to ensure he swallowed every drop.  When Steve finally pulled out of his mouth he could do nothing but suck in huge gasps of air his lungs and throat burning with each inhale.
“Hmmm, black skinny jeans, pink silk shirt and these Louboutin patent leather lace ups.  We will take the Spikaqueen’s for this evening, to wear with the red Valentino chiffon dress that will be delivered later today.
Tony lay exhausted on the bed, between his pregnancy, R&D work, keeping the Avengers weapons updated and in working order and Steve’s ever increasing sexual appetite he was severely lacking in sleep.
Steve had fucked him hard once the nanotech suit had been removed, his stupid cock had dribbled a tiny amount of cum as his pussy climax had hit within minutes of His Alph’s touch and softly spoken words.  Steve had been furious that he had cum without permission, but Tony had been so desperate for any kind for physical contact or kind word that the bliss of finally being with his Alpha had sent him careering over the edge.
“D..daddy, daddy, daddy so good!”
“Baby boy you know that big or little you have to behave and follow the rules, daddy cannot let you get away being naughty, you will have to be brave and accept your punishment, afterwards once you have apologised it will be all over and done with. Now let’s get you cleaned up ready for your appointment with your new doctors.”
He shifted on his stool as he worked on the updates for the latest Stark phone, he could feel the dildos vibrating, teasing his holes, the crotch of his yoga leggings was soaked, the smell of his sex heavy in the lab.  Of course, there would be no respite, Steve may have rewarded him with lab and alone time but even then, he had to assert his authority over him.
“We crawl because we are the property of the All Father and Crown Prince Thor, it is a message to all others that we are not free to be used, the slags that walk the halls, are the common court whores that anyone can bend over and fuck.
Steve bit down hard on his omega’s gland as Tony’s cock pulsed and a thin steam of cum painted his belly.  His own cock shot load after load, deep into his omega, Tony’s channel milking his knot.
“Good evening Alpha Rogers please take a seat, your omega bitch can stay with you or be leashed in the playroom to await initiation the choice is yours.
Steve shuddered at the rage and animosity rolling of the Captain, his gut clenched at the force of the fist punching up into his hole.  The Captain was relentless, he could feel the gouges and bites ripping the skin off his back, smell the tang of his blood as it dropped onto the floor.
“See Tony I told you choose carefully, now look what you have gone and done.  Poor dumb little omega, you are going to need to stay calm and still and breathe carefully through your nose.  No movement as you will just arouse me again and then I could end up knotting you all over again.”
With a flourish she signed the last document, making a show of stacking them neatly and placing them in the leather folder.  Standing she smoothed down her skirt before turning to Steve.  It took everything to kneel and bare her neck fully, for his bite.  Her inner alpha roared for her to fight and take what was rightfully hers.
Already tonight.  Now this is the final part of your punishment, this is called a Scold’s Bridle and you will wear it for one week as a lesson for speaking out of turn and for being a stupid disobedient omega, if you ever talk to anyone again without my permission I will carry through on my threat to have your vocal cords frozen!”
“P..poor Petey, not gonna be able to see him without feeling sad and wanting to tell him”
Updates will be sporadic, my laptop died so this is the old one which is very unreliable as the charging port does not always work.
The fear and helplessness shining from Tony’s eyes made his cock harden and swell even more, just as the limo entered the underground car park he shot his load down Tony’s throat forcing him to swallow it all before pulling out and wiping the remaining spit and cum against Tony’s cheeks.  He could not get enough of marking his Omega he wanted no other smell on Tony ever.
Tony sucked and licked clean the cold hard fingers, shivering and shaking as Steve continued to abuse his milk laden breasts whilst Bucky used his other hand to rip the soaked material from his body.  Steve having drunk his fill swapped places with the other Alpha ready to get some relief for his rock hard cock.
Work finished Pepper allowed herself the pleasure of choking Tony on her knot as it flared to fullness and pumped cum down his throat, she would have liked to fuck his tight little asshole, but she knew that Steve and Winter had gotten even more possessive and rarely allowed anyone else to fuck their omega without their explicit consent.
Steve caught the tail end of Pepper’s speech as both women walked into his office.  Looked like Pepper was going to need another dose as it seemed that she still was still displaying flashes of high dominant alpha behaviour.
Carefully slipping the fabric over his omega’s casted leg he adjusted the drawers so that the catheter was lying straight, and Tony’s soft cock was nestled comfortably within the soft fabric.  He stroked his fingers over the small bulge of the omega’s stomach, he knew that the doctor had ordered an increase in the amount of feeding supplement being introduced via the feeding tube as they wanted to ensure a marked weight gain before he left the hospital.
The flogger landed twice more each blow heavier that the last leaving dark purple welts across is thighs.
“Betty what is the matter with you, what’s happened to you?  I don’t understand why you are behaving like this.  Please Betty Blue you need to get out of here quickly before Alpha gets his claws into you and turns you into another me.  Don’t be fooled by him, he will never care for you and when you present as an omega, he will use you and throw you away with the trash!”
Thor takes a trip to Asgard. Loki is extremely unhappy with what he brings back.
Pepper climbed into the limo and settled on her knees by Happy, thighs spread so that he could see her bare sex, the short red dress had ridden up over her hips exposing her naked lower half for all to see.  The tight red material stretched over the swell of her stomach and barely contained her breasts, embarrassingly Tony couldn’t help but stare at the thick hard nipples showing through the thin lace panel.
The Judge visits to make a final decision on the Conservatorship and has his private session with Tony.
Every day he is disciplined morning and evening, he receives further discipline for any infraction of the rules we have set and any praise or reward is hard earned.
Tony gave a grimace of pain at the intrusion of the large metal nozzle and hisses when the cold soapy water starts to gush up his channel rushing to fill his stomach. The cramps start quickly as his stomach is smaller now that he is no longer eating solid food and the breeding pouch is taking up more space as the pups grow.
“Steve l think it’s time to let him know, he is fourteen weeks now.  We missed telling him at twelve weeks due to being away on that mission for longer than we predicted.
It didn’t matter to him that the night was about making Pepper perform all the sexual duties she should have done as the company’s secretary.  He wanted to experience Sex Doll as well, her wanton behaviour at her wedding could still get him hard just thinking about it.
“ On the bed bitch and present for your Alpha, I am not going to stop fucking your cunt until you are carrying again.”
Fury unaware of the two pairs of watching his every moved had no time to escape the glittering dust that fell on his head and face, dusting the shoulders of his leather coat. He started to cough and sneeze as he inhaled the glimmering substance, he reached for his gun intending to deal with assassins before he succumbed to whatever deadly pathogen he had ingested.  He could not believe that the security of his Heli-Carrier had been breached so thoroughly. Stark was going to be pissed as hell as he prided himself in stating that is security systems were the best in the world.
The first vault proved his theory, but the second vault revealed all the designs that Tony had felt too dangerous or to advanced to develop further.  It also contained five chips for new A.Is.
Tony tries to find a way to remove the muzzle, so oblivious Steve can get a clue!
“That’s it Tony look at you so full you take so much each time, feels good, doesn't it?  No matter what I fill you with your slutty little fuck hole just takes it and holds on to it.”
This chapter went in a totally different direction to what was supposed to happen, but I think Steve would want to be in total control and have a way of reining in Pepper and have her not be a threat to him or Tony.
“Your omega is now fully dilated and will start to feel the urge to push any time soon.  I have given him the cannula to help with his breathing due to his restricted lung capacity.  The arc reactor is highly invasive and I am impressed that Tony has been able to cope so well with this pregnancy, still it pays to be careful during the delivery we do not want to overtax his lungs.
Bruce smirked as he listened to the omega’s rambling thoughts, there was nothing generous about Steve’s decision, this Tony had been completely stripped of his autonomy, brutalised and objectified continuously since his arrival a week ago.  The omega would grasp on to this perceived act of kindness, initiating a link with the Alpha, which in turn would open the possibility of a bond that would not need to be forced.  Psychological manipulation would take time, each small act of kindness and pointed comment against his world and Alpha Captain, would need to be carefully inserted amongst the strict rules governing the treatment of omegas in this world until Tony succumbed to the believe that Steve was truly his Alpha.
End of flashback
“Good evening Alphas and Betas I would like to thank you all for your continued support and generosity.  As my Alpha has already stated the Maria Stark Foundation was originally started to provide aid for omegas who were in great need of support and guidance due to various problems in their lives.  The main goal being to settle all unmated omegas with a matched Alpha and return those runaway omegas to their bonded Alphas after health treatment and retraining.”
“Just for that show of disobedience JARVIS will you increase the plug to its larges size and keep it on a low constant vibrate!”
Happy New Year.
Tony by this time had swaddled the pup and placed it in one of the four small nests he had created on the left side of his birthing nest. Just as he managed to lay back against his mound of pillows the urge to push once again hit, taking a deep breath he bore down, willing the pup to move, sobbing when the contraction ended and he had a brief respite from the pain.  A cool hand cupped his face, brushing his tangled curls off his forehead, he greedily drank the water offered.
Tony burrowed further under the blankets, he was warm and comfortable there was no way he was moving, Steve could go fuck himself if he expected him to move anytime soon.  The doctor could go shove his stethoscope up his own arse if he thought Tony was going to let him anywhere near him again.
Tony sighed, relaxing as the warm water heated his chilled skin, he wriggled slightly as he felt his plug shift upwards, knocking against his prostrate, the drag of the wash cloth over his sensitive nipples had him hissing, pushing up in to Steve’s touch.  His cock plumped up as Steve continued to tease his nipples, the small nubs hard and throbbing by the time Steve leaned down to kiss his parted lips.
Zeus waited for his turn, eager to knot the new bitch.  She was whimpering and crying, blood and cum dripping from her hole as Brutus pulled out.  He took a moment to lick the tears and snot off her face, when he caught her eyes he gave a loud growl, baring his teeth. He could smell the stench of fear coming off her as he paced round and mounted her, he sank easily into her wrecked hole, he thrust hard and fast, his front legs hugging her body so he could force his cock deep into her bitch hole.
Unfortunately for Tony he was now the figurehead of the campaign to overturn Omega Rights so Steve could not let him put a foot wrong in public, breeding him quickly helped the campaign but also protected Tony from the glare of the press and public, who were watching his every move waiting for him to fail and for his Alpha to punish him in full view of everyone.
“How often will you breed her? What happens to the pups?”
Tony sweetie why don’t you come and help me relax whilst we wait for Steve and Winter, put those pretty lips to good use, Peter  is all but useless at satisfying me with his mouth, he needs take lessons from you on the correct way to suck cock.”
Natty will need to be placed on a high calorie feeding regime and she will need to be mounted every day and also ingest their cum, her DNA has been adapted to need it.  It creates a bond that will stop her and the hounds from rejecting the hybrids.
“Now we need to discuss which of the two serums you have decided on, as you know they both will include the compatibility markers so that he can only bond with both of you, there will be some de-aging due to the combination of extremis and the serum.  I would pose that he will have the physical appearance of twenty-two to twenty-four years of age and be at optimal fertility when in heat.
The Captain soon reached his peak and Tony felt more cum pumping into his abused hole.  On pulling out a large butt plug replaced the cock up his ass, once again sealing in the cum. Tony could feel his rounded stomach pressing against the work bench the feeling of nausea returned with the realisation that his Alpha was not going to stop filling him until the natural result of the full mating bond took place and maybe even a kid was conceived.
With that the doctor wheeled over the ultra sound machine and switched on the monitor. A layer of jell was smoothed over his stomach and the scanner began to glide across.
Sorry for the delay, thank you to everyone who is reading and commenting.
Tony saw the evil glint in Barnes’s eyes and heard the dismissive tone in his voice, crying out he tried to pull off the metal fingers but Steve’s knot held him firmly in place.  He could only hope that Steve had seen the look of hatred on his best friend’s face.
It is midday when he feels the bond settle and deepen, he watches Tony’s face as he sends a pulse of warmth along the bond, he smiles when Tony reddens and without thought spread his legs, his small hands grasping the sheets as he cants his hips up giving Steve a view of his newly formed pussy.  He notes the plump lips are glistening with juices and that there is a steady stream of slick leaking out of his plugged asshole.
Finally, he stood in front of the cabin door, dressed in a sheer long flowing dress, with long sleeves and a high neck, white ankles boots, lace gloves and a large floppy brimmed straw hat, he felt ridiculously exposed the material was completely see through and he had no underwear.
Tony whimpered as Steve pulled up the silk thong, smoothing the fabric across his hard, little cock.  The black yoga pants hugged his bottom, the seam splitting is cheeks.  The material showed off the outline of his cock and the rings could be seen clear through the tight material.  The lace trim of the thong clearly showing above the low waistline.
“Steve, l am not saying never, l am just saying not now.  Surely you can understand that?  You saw what l had to suffer through, hell you even were forced to join in and then there is our time at the cabin.  You fucked and disciplined me, thinking l was the other Stark, you were so unlike the Steve l knew before, was that the real you and  the kind, sweet Alpha who l went on dates with just a fake persona to entice me in.”
Captain America’s patented disappointed face made its appearance, and that was when he had found himself bent over Steve’s desk, backside being lit into by his Alpha’s stupidly large hand.  After a painful spanking and thorough fucking, he had totally lost his train of thought and found himself greedily sucking on Steve and Winter’s cocks as they waited for the photographer to finally arrive, he didn’t even notice his tits were leaking and his slick covered thighs were glistening under the large lights, all he wanted was to feel his Alphas cum filling his mouth and stomach.
Chapter 6
Give him time to embrace being an omega, allow him to find with your guidance a balance between submission to his Alpha, being Iron Man if that is still a possibility and his responsibilities to Stark Industries. It would be detrimental to his mental health at this time to cut him off from all his previous responsibilities at once, but gradually over the next year you will find he will become less interested in those aspects of his life as he begins to nest and submerse himself in Pack life.”
Later as he hangs off Daddy’s knot whilst he chats and laughs with the other Avengers, he can’t help but mewl with pleasure as his baby cock squirts another few drops of cum when Daddy’s fingers gently stroke it.
Got to look your best tonight, now l m just going to fit your cork screw dildo, don’t want you getting bored but your not allowed to orgasm until tonight.  So this is going to get you horny and desperate.”
“Sarah is a smart little Alpha, we bonded straight away, you know what she said to me once l scented her and she me.
In Asgard his previous behaviour would not have been tolerated at all and would have been swiftly dealt with.  We bond our omegas and keep them fat with child from the moment they present.  We have found this the best way to keep them under control.
Steve continued to press down on his omega’s bladder to ensure that he emptied it fully, he then cleaned Tony’s cock and replaced urethral sound and cage and attached the hook once more to the already inserted plug.
Now you will remain in this position until I say otherwise, if you want that ache in your belly and your empty cum hole filled. Can you feel the need building, the craving to be fucked and filled with your Alpha’s cum.  Soon you will be begging me for it, willing to do anything to feed your addiction.  You already know that your pups are hungry and your bad behaviour means that you are making them suffer.”
As you know when anyone comes into Shield Medical we run all the standard blood works and if necessary as was in your case, a full body scan.  The results of both in your case Anthony were most disturbing, a gastric by-pass and blood full of drugs, and hormones for supressing weight gain and an omega’s first heat, other traces showed steroids and hormones for stimulating hair growth, height and penile length, which are all illegal for Omegas to be prescribed.
“Now baby boy, it’s time for you to drink your bottle, we are going to sit on the sofa, and you will keep Daddy’s cock warm in your special hole whilst you drink your milk,  afterwards you can have a nap whilst I visit with the doctor.”
She spotted Steve and Happy siting in director chairs watching, as she was tethered to a barn post.   Then the two hugest men she had ever seen came walking onto the set, dressed in skintight jeans and cowboy boots, each with a Stetson on their heads.
Steve has to make a decision about having a certain part of his body modified.
“Hmm, not what I was aiming for, I thought a pixie cut would work well with the Scold’s Bridle as it is close fitting to your scull, hair cutting is much more difficult with scissors.  I only ever used clippers on my younger brothers when we were kids, parents couldn’t afford to take us all to the barbers.”
“As you can see Tony is physically healthy and is adjusting to his new physique, his mental health is fragile and I must insist that you do not shout or badger him with questions, he will not now or for the foreseeable future be available to speak to or answer question from the press.  Now I will answer a few questions, so that you have time to take some photos of my gorgeous husband, doesn’t he just look adorable.
Winter smirked, they had been so busy with their additional jobs that they had not had time to use there omega properly and she had gotten soft. A year ago, their omega would have been able to withstand many hours on a milking bench and still have the energy and enthusiasm to be fucked all night.  Last night the bitch had fallen asleep, and they had just smiled and tucked her into the omega crate provided.
He returned to his reading, his soon to be omega had led a wild, interesting and dangerous life.  JARVIS thought it would be best for him to know everything about his creator and all the events that had led up to his bonding with Captain Rogers.
“Mmmm  Alpha, tastes so good just want to suck on your cock until you have no more cum in you.  So hungry all the time need you to fill me up with you cum and your big fat cock, feed me until I can’t take any more then do it all over again.”
There was nothing she could do against such a threat, even though she was used by the board and as an enticement for business deals it was all kept private and Sex Doll took over the majority of the time.  Natasha only made her do it as herself as a punishment, but had been quite clear that her home life with Happy and her family were never to become public.  Until now she had been puzzled about her last comment as she never had anything to do with her parents or brother.
“Don’t worry Doll, Stevie would be very unhappy with me if I cut up his little broodmare, he wants you healthy so he can keep fucking you full of pups.  Stevie likes to play hard but unlike me he has limits.  He wants you to be his idea of the perfect omega but unlike me he knows when to stop, he still sees you as human, but I know that omegas are just animals to be fed, fucked and bred.  Worthless pathetic bitches that need to be shown their place.”
“What do you need my omega?  Tell me what you want I am not going to do anything unless you beg me for it like the needy little cock slut you really are. “
After placing a gentle kiss on Tony’s lips, he carefully laid his exhausted omega back against his pile of pillows, rearranging the blankets so they would keep his chilled body warm, he made a mental note to ask Nurse Stella about getting some Omega drawers for Tony to cover his modesty whilst he was in hospital.  When they returned to the Tower he would ensure that his omega had all the appropriate clothing he would need.
Tony moaned as Steve began to fuck him hard and fast, his body shaking with strange pleasure when Steve’s knot caught and he was returned to his hanging position, dazed he was only partially aware of his own tiny cock squirting against his stomach.
Tony, l am going to be honest with you, you must have an Alpha to stabilize you and be your mate, to create a familial bond with Sarah as she is an alpha pup and will need guidance.  You are not strong enough to raise her on your own and also it is not allowed now, there have been some changes to the laws since you have been gone.
“Sweetheart, my poor confused little omega.  All this worry and distress will disappear once we bond, it will be replaced with your desire to submit to your Alpha’s needs and wants.  You will be safe and protected, there will be nothing you need do but care for Sarah and me.  I will ensure that you are treated as an omega is intended to be.  I will be firm, but fair and never allow anyone to hurt you or allow you to doubt that you are anything but the perfect omega for me.”
