Refusing to look back inside the building, Cas starts the engine, ignoring the way his mother raises her arm to give Dean a little wave.
“My parents sure didn’t. When I came out to them after my freshman year of college, they had no idea.”
“Wait,” Dean says. He doesn’t mean to but she’s got him cornered with nowhere for him to go but up and over the railing. He realizes he’s pressed himself into the far corner of the balcony.
go forward with this, I need you to promise me that if it gets to be too much you’ll take a step back. That you’ll be honest with me or with Billie or someone. If it becomes too much for you…”
Cas nods. “It’s different being an only child. Camp was great because I got to have some independence and try a bunch of new things. I think that’ll be good for Henry. And most of these places know exactly how to deal with a homesick kid… usually by keeping them so busy that they don’t have time for anything else.”
“That’s a huge step in what you’ve been working toward.” Dean nods, still clutching the pillow. “But?”
He listens for a few more minutes, almost poised for a fight, but nothing more happens so apparently defending his husband’s honor or headache or whatever isn’t on tonight's menu. Speaking of which, he should probably fix himself some actual food. With some effort, he pushes himself off the couch and moves back into the kitchen, muttering to himself as he slaps together a sandwich. “He just feels shitty. This isn’t about you. Quit jumping to conclusions, you dumbass.” Maybe it’s not the ideal example of compassionate self-talk, but it’s enough to get him out of his own head.
Cas slows his movements as Dean relaxes, then pulls his fingers out.  Dean opens his eyes to find Cas looking down at him, eyes wide.
Even though he has gloves on, Dean keeps his hands shoved in his pockets because he’s not sure what to do with them. They walk mostly in silence, but it’s a comfortable silence, their feet crunching in the accumulating snow and their breath forming foggy mists. He follows Cas’s lead, stopping when he stops to study the open land. “She shouldn’t be that hard to find if she’s out here,” Cas says. “The snow will make it easier for her to be seen.”
Anna responds with a mild retching sound which breaks the tension, especially when Cas’s laugh comes out as an ungainly snort. “I’ll check in with you later,” she promises.
Content warning for Dean revealing that Alastair used to take pictures of him, and that he sometimes showed them to Dean, especially liking it when Dean would cry.
“Fine,” Cas says, with an edge to his voice that makes Dean almost wince. “If you think this is your fault, come fix it.”
Working from home has its pluses. He gets to sleep an hour later on work days and it’s always comfy pants o’clock. But he misses driving Baby to work and sitting in the same open office where he can hear Benny’s rich laugh and Charlie’s snort when he puts something funny in their chat. All things considered, they’re doing the best they can to make it work and, honestly, Dean’s thrilled to still have a job.
Dean nudges him with his shoulder and they begin to walk again. “So, I shouldn’t demand my soup back?”
In his wildest dreams, Cas could scarcely picture a reality where Dean Winchester would casually extend an invitation like that. For Cas to have said no is downright laughable.
“How would you feel about sharing some of these with your husband so that you’re both armed with how to help when this happens?”
“It does help to know what’s going on, that's for sure. All I’m saying is I know you well enough to know that you’d let yourself suffer for no good reason before you’d ask for help.”
“Hang on!” Cas scrambled back through the mud toward Sam, grabbing the branch at his feet and moving to where Dean floundered, water swirling around him as he splashed and tried to get up. Cas stood sideways, anchoring his back foot uphill and held out the branch, edging forward carefully until Dean was able to grasp it. With mud sloshing around his ankles, Cas bent his knees, his weight on his heels as he worked to hold the branch steady. Hand over hand, Dean pulled himself up and out until Cas was close enough to get a hand on his wrist and another on his shoulder. Together they staggered out of the water, both of them collapsing on dry ground.
Dean spent a lot of time taking before and after pictures to send to Bobby. “Doesn’t it look good? Cas helped me.”
“So, are you meeting people in the city?” The way his mother says it, he can’t tell if she’s hoping he is or thinks that means mingling with the great unwashed masses. She hadn’t liked him living with Gabe, but she hadn’t wanted him moving out either. He remains at a loss as to what exactly she
By the time he reached Madras, it was late. Sitting at the stoplight at the end of the off ramp, he rolled his stiff shoulders and tried to blink away the grit from his exhausted eyes. He rolled down the window a bit to let in some cold, fresh air, trying to shake the half-daze that allowed him to focus solely on the miles stretched before him. It had been a relief to lose himself in all the driving, but now he needed time to get himself firmly anchored to the ground before he figured out his next move. Hopefully he’d find Dean listed in the phone book and he could at least start with an address. Maybe he’d even call first. He pushed down a bubble of unease at the thought. What if Dean hung up on him? Maybe he’d be angry with whoever gave Cas his location. If he wanted Cas to know where he was, he could’ve told him. Cas pictured himself dejectedly swinging a u-turn and pointing his car back east. A phone call might not be the best option.
Cas laughs, delighted at Dean’s honest assessment. “Get back to me when you’re forced to wear a suit to work.”
“Do you like bugs?” Before Cas could answer, Sam straightened up and ran to get the paper he’d dropped on the porch. “I made you a card!” He scurried back and held it out, then stopped, his big, hazel eyes wide with concern. “Is it too scary? My mom said it might be too scary.”
Eileen looks pleased at this and she and Sam share a lingering smile. It reminds Dean a little bit of the way Cas smiles at Lady Marmalade when she’s being particularly cute. Pulling her gaze away, Eileen tells them, “He’s a very fast learner.”
Instead, he hears measured footsteps.  Moving away.  Resting his head back on on the floor at the top of the stairs, he listens as Cas makes his way into the kitchen.  A small bang that he recognizes as a cabinet closing is followed by the unmistakable sound of the refrigerator being opened.  Dean listens as Cas shakes what must be the carton of orange juice and pours himself a glass.   Dean breathes in slowly through his nose.
Meg’s eyes glint with mischief and Cas hurries to speak before she can. “Meg said he’s going to write a sign that says This Seat Taken instead of Save the Drake.”
Billie’s calm demeanor never wavered. “Nothing you’ve said so far gives me reason to believe you have dissociative identity disorder, but you’re right that it also falls under the umbrella of dissociative disorders.”
Cas fakes a shudder, but he feels something in his chest flutter at Dean remembering that particular detail. “Don’t remind me.”
“My fault,” Dean says, not looking any happier. “Leaving a lot of damage in my wake these days.” He picks up the broom and nods toward the couch so Cas moves out of his way and goes to sit down.
“She’s not due for another 10 minutes,” Dean says, glancing at the display board.  “That’s the train from Toledo.”
Cataloging the ache in his back, the pounding in his temples, and the dry mouth from hell, he starts to think that maybe Rowena had a point, and that thought alone is enough to have him dragging his sorry ass out of bed. The only thing worse than Rowena being right would be Rowena
Dean thinks maybe she looks a little guilty, but she doesn’t try to follow him into the house. Inside, he pulls the bag of bread from the cabinet and toasts up four slices. At a loss, he butters two, then adds peanut butter to a third and jam to the fourth. By the time he’s done, she’s nibbling on a bush at the corner of the porch but she trots in his direction as soon as he comes outside. “I didn’t know what you liked, so…” He sets a plate down with a sampling of each kind on the porch step, then sits down with his own plate. Interested to see what she chooses first, he watches as she sniffs at the plate. After thoroughly investigating it, she doesn’t eat any, instead coming over to see what he has. “It’s the same thing,” he explains. “Exactly.”
“You don’t want a cupcake?” Bobby holds his free hand to Henry’s forehead like he’s checking for a fever. “You sick?”
Dean knows his mother blames herself for what went wrong in her marriage. That maybe if she’d worked harder to keep his father happy he wouldn’t have looked elsewhere. After all these years, he thought she’d be over it, but here she still is idealizing having somebody to cook for.
“Oh,” she says, her eyes widening a little bit in surprise, but then she composes herself. “We want you to be comfortable so I’m glad you were able to share that. I can let the doctor know if that’s easier than you going through it again, and if you’d like your…” she trails off looking at Naomi.
Had that really been yesterday morning? It feels like a lifetime ago. “Uh, sorry. Some stuff’s happened and I think maybe my plans have changed.”
“Thanks, I wish I could, but Owen has a last minute need for poster board for a project he’s known about for weeks that’s due
So, yeah, he felt pretty good after that. Even just standing there, chatting carefully, Cas was able to look him in the eyes again. Dean held that blue gaze, remembering how good it felt just to see his face and hear his voice. They exchanged a few smiles while Cas worked and somehow Dean found himself waving goodbye when he left. If Rowena and Jack noticed that he had a bit of a spring in his step after that, they were kind enough to keep it to themselves.
There’s a laser focus to Jody now, her eyes keen with intelligence. “I’ve heard some things over the years, things I brushed off as locker room bullshit. But this puts it in a different light.”
Cas retrieves it, tossing it at Dean, who waggles his eyebrows before starting to tear it open. “If you wanted to get me alone this badly, this has gotta be--
She starts easily enough, asking about his job. “I started out as a mechanic but now I own two repair shops in town.” He wonders if she’s familiar with them, can’t decide how weird it would be if she says she’s been to one of them, but she merely nods and encourages him to keep talking. “I never went to college but I took some classes on business management at the community college to learn the basics.”
“Oh, you’ll love this,” Dean says, trying for sardonic. “My brain’s putting together all my greatest hits.”
He tries again to do his breathing but it’s worse now, each breath he tries to pull in nothing but a weak and aborted shudder.
His mind drifts back to last night. Cas had seemed so pleased with him afterwards, but Dean knows he hadn’t given Cas what he really wanted. Dean had been the one who’d discovered the Ass Cram Cone in the first place, talking about it until Cas surprised him by ordering it. After all that, when Cas wanted to use it on him,  Dean had let him down. Wasted both Cas’s money and time, really. Dean feels his mood slip in tandem with with the sinking feeling in his stomach. While Dean’s definitely not one for talking about things—especially after the moment has come and gone—he does wish he’d had a chance to apologize to Cas for this. Maybe Cas is sitting on the plane right now regretting his decision to buy it.
Cas scrambled to his feet. No wonder Dean had taken off like a shot to the bathroom. Daphne’s flight home wasn’t until tomorrow, but if he had to, Cas could go find a hotel room or something. Not sure what to do, Cas plugged in the phone he’d let go dead overnight and found a flurry of missed calls and messages. Long story short, with things locking down, Daphne’s flight had been cancelled and she’d be staying at the apartment for the foreseeable future.
Again Dean hesitated and again he swung too late, a foul tip. The catcher pulled off his mask and helmet in one quick motion and scrambled to catch the ball. The umpire called the out and Dean walked back to the dugout with his head down.
“Well, no wonder you look like shit. I had it happen once and it was literally the most terrifying thing. I’ve never forgotten it.”
Dean’s at work, he’s in his office, but he’s surrounded by declarations of love. They’re kissing, bodies pressed together so that not even a petal could come between them. The only reason Dean stops kissing Cas is because he’s smiling too broadly to continue. Cas smiles back, his nose crinkling in delight, his eyes alive with joy.
Dean had to admit that sounded fucking awesome, but there was a part of him that felt guilty doing all the taking. “Okay, but--”
Bringing food is what you do for someone having a rough time, nourishing them at the most basic level. So Dean swallows his instinct to downplay the gesture and decides he’s okay with it. Also, that pie looks incredible.
Dean’s been kneeling beside Cas but now he sinks down onto his heels. “Your bulletproof vest,” he says weakly.
Dean took the opportunity to share what he knew. “I saw Cas Friday night. He’d been out with Bal but he came back early because he was sick.”
The sting from having his hair pulled washes over him like a balm and he starts to feel more focused.
Charlie makes a big show of peering over to the table. “Looks like no other writers have taken your spot so I guess it’s all good.” She clicks a few things on her computer. “Naomi Novak, right? Yup, she’s on the schedule for tomorrow.”
Dean knows about Charlie’s parents dying in a car accident when she was twelve years old. She’s been incredibly open about it and when she first told him, Dean’s immediate response was to be jealous. He knew at the time it was ludicrous, but all he could think about was how many more memories she must’ve had than Dean had of his own mother. Now, he realizes she had her own version of traumatic hell at a similar age to Dean. He’s never pitied her for it, never thought less of her, and he sees they have more in common in some ways than he ever dreamed.
“Yeah, well, maybe it’s working because I’m starting to think I should drop this whole thing.” It makes his stomach sink to even say the words. He knows everyone warned him that this could go nowhere, but it’s a crushing blow to think about letting Alastair off the hook. After today, though, he thinks he can live with it if it means he doesn’t have to worry about Henry every time he’s out of their sight.
“No fucking way.” The heat in Sam’s voice pulls Dean out of his own head. “No. If doing this stops him from hurting even one other kid, then we have to do it.”
,” Dean points out, even though he shouldn’t have to. Sure, he spent Thanksgiving in this very spot, eating the turkey dinner special followed by some exquisite pumpkin pie, but Thanksgiving has never been a big deal for them. Not like Christmas. He’s always done his damnedest to make it special for Sam, but how the hell is he supposed to compete with ski trips to mountain cabins.
“Well, that can be part of it, but there’s a lot more to it than that.” Dean says, pushing up to sit next to him. “Honestly, it’s not a far stretch from some of what we do now. You like to take control as it is and—“
“Yes. But when John took that new job and all the day-to-day responsibility fell onto her, it got a lot worse. There were long stretches when she couldn’t get out of bed.”
“We just were looking at a house in the neighborhood. If things go right, we may end up seeing more of you.”
“That’s not it at all,” Cas says.  “I just want to be able to hold you after, without it being complicated.”
“It was fine,” Dean insists, but it wasn’t. It really fucking wasn’t. He stops walking as well. “It was harder on Sam because he cared a lot about doing well and getting good grades. That nerd has always loved learning.” Cas is still standing there, like there’s more Dean should be saying. “I--it was easier for me not to care. But yeah, it was. Difficult.”
Dean gets up to grab a beer from the fridge, the memory reinforcing the fact that no doubt Balthazar took one look at Cas and now has him in his sights.
“Let me take a look.” Cas took the paper and studied it seriously, smoothing out the wrinkled corner where Sam had kept it clutched in his fist. It said “Welcome” across the top. The last two letters were a little squished together. The rest of it was covered with carefully drawn bugs and spiders, big and small. Some with four legs, some with six, some with eight. Cas counted one with eleven. They were in a rainbow of colors and a few had polka dots like lady bugs while others were spangled with stars and triangles and hearts.
As it turns out, John Winchester doesn’t seem all that interested in returning to work at the garage. He comes striding through a couple of times a day to find fault with everything, but doesn’t stick around long enough to do much more than that. Garth and Lee have learned that they can get away with a quick
That stopped Dean dead in his tracks. “Just...just a regular guy, I guess.” Deep down, though, he knew that wasn’t true. Somehow, somewhere in his brain, the idea of Chrysler as merely an online entity had morphed into a vague image of a guy. And then a guy with dark hair. Without even meaning to, he now pictured Chrysler not as Cas, exactly, but as someone like Cas. Someone smart, successful, and funny.
He burns with such need so quickly that at first even the fake knot is a welcome respite. Eyes closed, he presses his face into the covers and fucks it in and out of himself, trying to gain some relief while ignoring how wrong the bedding smells. It’s from his old place, stored high on a shelf for a guest bed that rarely got used. He can tell right away that Cas has never been on it, there’s not even a trace of his scent there. With his free hand, he yanks Cas’s pillow close. When he comes, it’s with his face buried in it.
But here’s the thing. Dean’s seen Cas at the coffee shop in the neighborhood. He’s seen him smile and chat with Charlie. Sometimes he drinks his coffee, losing himself in some thick, dense-looking book, his face moving between soft enjoyment and focused concentration. Sometimes he meets a woman there. Dean can’t help but notice that when that happens it’s like an entirely different Cas. His face loses the mask of tension, he relaxes, those intense blue eyes sparkling with amusement as he laughs at something the woman says. Dean doesn’t mean to stare, but he never sees any overt signs of romantic affection between them, no holding hands or kissing when they greet each other. A tiny voice in his head wonders why Cas never looks like that when he looks at Dean. Not everyone has to like you, he tells himself. That’s not how people work.
The tension is delicious and Dean feels more alive than he has in weeks, so he puts it out there. “Is this a good time to tell you I’d definitely put out on our first date?”
He takes in a couple of deep breaths as he starts up his laptop. There’s wifi but it seems to be a locked account for the garage’s use. That’s just as well. The fewer distractions he has, the better. If the universe is telling him anything, maybe it’s that he needs this time to sit and concentrate. Maybe it’s the universe’s way of getting him to slow down. Literally. On the highway.
The new routine is this: each morning, Dean opens his sliding glass door. He peeks down towards Cas’s apartment, but he never sees Lady Marmalade waiting for him. Somehow, though, she always knows, and a couple of minutes later she appears in his apartment.
If that weren’t motivation enough, Dean remembers how lost he was after his dad died. Fifteen, angry and confused, Dean was a mess and doing his best to be unlovable. He and Sam had been taken in by Bobby at that point, and Bobby had hung in there with him, as even-keeled as an ocean liner, waiting to be a lifeline when Dean stopped flailing in the open sea.
A few days later, he meets Meg at the coffee shop down the block. When he gets there, she’s staked out the two comfy chairs in the corner and she moves her bag off of the empty one when he approaches. “Good thing you got here, I thought I was going to have to fight Crossword Guy.”
Dean’s house has never been cleaner because every time he finds himself too alone with his thoughts, he jumps up to keep his hands and body busy. While he waits for Sam to arrive, he considers pulling all the sofa cushions off to vacuum underneath them, but then he worries that he won’t hear Sam at the door if he does that, so he settles for going outside to pull some weeds along the front walk. He’s got his hands in the dirt when Sam pulls up.
“Look, I get that you find this town amusing. That this is hilarious to you and your ‘big city ways’.” Jesus, the guy actually tucks the baton back into his belt so that he can free up both hands to make air quotes. “But I have a job to do here and it’s a job that is both necessary and important. So whatever you think you’re playing at, I do not appreciate having my time wasted and my position belittled.”
Sam hugs his brother last, holding him for an extra long moment. “Take care of yourself,” he says softly in Dean’s ear.
He doesn’t feel much like eating, but Cas suggests some toast and he thinks he can manage that. He tries to tell himself that his lack of appetite now will leave him more room for the barbecue this evening, but he’s having a hard time seeing past the day in court.
Sam and Eileen assure Mary there aren’t any specific wedding plans yet, but that they want to keep things small. They’re hoping for the end of summer or early fall, knowing it’ll take some doing for them both to get time off from work.
Dean rests his hand on the lid of the cup with surprising gentleness before picking it up. “Yeah, me too.”
“Hey,” he calls down, not really sure what he’ll say if Cas answers. He calls down a few more times, but nobody responds.
Dean wants to collapse into an empty chair. His head is spinning as he tries to make his brain believe what his eyes have seen. They did it. They found the proof. Alastair’s been arrested and as they pull him back to his feet, the look on his face tells the entire world that he’s lost.
That gets Cas’s full attention. He’s doing his best to allow them their private conversation, but it’s not easy when they’re speaking animatedly in an open, public space. Still, even though Dean’s tone doesn’t seem mocking, Cas can’t help but look over at him. His face seems as sincere as his words.
Dean can see a look of confusion cross Cas’s face before he shakes his head. “I don’t know who that is.”
“Welcome.” There’s a brief flurry of introductions during which Dean nods and doesn’t bother trying to remember their names. They’re all looking at him expectantly, and Dean decides whatever’s in his cart is going to have to do.
“That’s very sweet,” she says before pausing. “Actually, I was just getting ready to take my walk. Would you care to join me?”
Dean slides in beside him and tugs at a chip. All the cheese slides off. “You hear they’re gonna close the Drake, Sammy?”
Dean thinks he could probably get away with just saying yes, but he’s trying, really he is. “That’s what I want.”  It comes out a little more breathless than he’d planned.
But there was no way Dean could miss the stack of boxed candy canes on the side of the table. “Candy canes,” he exclaimed, his eyes lighting up like it was Christmas Day. He noisily sorted through the packages before settling on a peppermint one. “These are classic. No room for improvement here.”
“I just...I don’t want you to regret this. I don’t want you to think you’re getting somebody you knew a long time ago and then you find yourself stuck with
He stayed silent for a long time. “This is why you always wanted me to give Dean another chance when we fought or when he’d stop showing up.” Naomi made a soft sound of assent. “I always thought you just liked him better than me.”
She leans against the door frame, her posture relaxed. “Maybe that was true at first. When your dad first took off you were in over your head for sure, but now? Now you’ve got this place running like… like the Impala’s engine.”
“If you--” he began, wanting to be sure Dean was comfortable, but that’s as far as he got before Dean licked a long stripe from root to tip. “Oh my God.” He knew that Dean was easing into it, but that came with the added bonus of being treated to the warmth of his breath and the delicious scrape of stubble against his superheated skin. He licked and kissed, covering every inch before he was ready to take Cas into his mouth and, being Dean, he immediately tried to take in more than he could handle, and had to pull off, coughing.
Content warnings for Dean having a vivid flashback of Alastair taking him into the woods and showing him a body. There's mention of him being raped afterwards. Dean relates a memory of when his twenty-nine steps ritual was interfered with and his dad hitting him when he couldn't calm down.
“I don’t know if he even came back. I was at school but my mom said they didn’t even have a funeral or anything. I’ve heard talk he has a new family, some woman he met on the road.”
That’s a command Dean’s more than happy to obey and he lies there becoming one with the bed until Cas returns. “Want your drink first? Or lotion?”
“This can go anyway you’d like,” he says.  “I can get you off just like this.  Or with my mouth.  It’s up to you.”
“I’m happy to explain to him what’s been going on, if that would make things easier for you. It’s literally the least I can do.”
It does help, though. Enough to get through dinner at least. He only manages about half his meal because his stomach is beginning to churn with anxiety as he finds himself back in that familiar place of trying not to freak out while wondering if everyone knows he’s trying not to freak out. But he smiles and asks to have the rest of his dinner wrapped up, blaming it on the richness of the food. When Cas goes to the bathroom, Dean resists the urge to order a shot of whiskey to toss back while he’s gone, so apparently he still has some control over his reactions.
At home, Naomi—after asking a second time whether everyone was okay—insisted he leave his muddy clothes in the laundry room. He ran upstairs for his robe and towel, taking the time to place the marble carefully in the cradle of the half moon brass latch on his window.
Cas sits waiting, leaning against the headboard, blue eyes watching his every move. “You wanna talk about it?”
He wishes he could go back to those earlier days of blissful ignorance, as imperfect and cowardly as they may have been. He had a life he was happy with, people who loved and respected him. Now he sees it in his brother’s eyes, like he’s gamely pushing forward because he has to, even though he’s so sick of dealing with him. He sees it in the tension that creases Cas’s brow when he looks at Dean, in the weariness that mars his handsome face.
They move around the kitchen in silence, Cas still in his pajamas, his hair sticking up. He’d gone from sleeping to leaping out of bed to take care of Dean. It’s not until they’re sitting at the table that they speak again.
Dean laughs, and then his hand goes to the back of his neck. “Uh, actually I think she’s complaining because you’re in her seat?”
It’s the first Christmas since his father died and, even though it’s been nearly a year since they buried him, the loss feels raw nonetheless. Neither of them mention it until Cas turns down their street and the house comes into view, the windows etched in clear white lights as they have been each and every year.
Of course he doesn’t. It’s a reminder of how dirty Dean is, how broken and used. Dean can’t help himself, he tugs at Cas’s shoulder trying to pull him on top of him. Cas jerks out his grip, sitting up where he’s well out of Dean’s reach before turning on the bedside lamp.
He spends the drive passing along all the well wishes from the people he’s encountered and Cas smiles, pleased even as he rubs at his temples. “Ok, you are done for the day,” Dean informs him as he parks the car. “Into bed with you.”
Cas guides Dean’s knee up until it’s pushed back enough that he can carefully tie his right ankle to his right thigh, wrapping the nylon rope around and around to help hold his leg in place. With a second length of rope he does the same thing to his left leg until Dean is frogtied. Even as he’s being spread and exposed, Dean loves to watch Cas work like this, admiring the complete concentration in his narrowed blue eyes. Cas arranges Dean’s left arm to the outside of his left leg and uses a third rope to anchor his wrist, looping it through the bonds holding his leg. One last length of rope secures his right wrist in the same way to his right leg.
“Don’t fucking tease me, Cas.” There was the tiniest hint of a whine in Dean’s voice, and Cas smiled.
Dean feels a little flash of annoyance that Cas is looking at him like a child he’s proud of for finishing his homework. It just serves to make him realize how bad off Cas must think he is. “Yeah, well, the first one doesn’t have any openings until the end of
Cas sits down on the far side of the love seat, then looks up expectantly at Dean who is still standing. Yeah, that’s not going to work. “Can you…?” Dean points to the open cushion and Cas immediately shifts over. Stepping past him, Dean settles into his regular seat.
After breakfast Dean lies on the couch with his head in Cas’s lap. Cas puts on a show they’ve watched a million times before and they let the familiarity wash over them. Cas strokes his fingers through Dean’s hair, over and over, a soothing, calming gesture. Dean stares at the television screen, but his eyes are unfocused, unable to concentrate fully on what’s happening inside of him or out.
Dean’s smiling before he can stop himself. “Officer Novak. What can I do for you? Have there been complaints about the way I sing in the shower?”
He looks at what he’s written. He’s never said that out loud to anyone. It’s one thing to acknowledge to himself that he’s into guys as well as girls, but officially labeling it feels like something else completely. Besides, he had his chance to share that earlier and now it feels like a self-centered afterthought. He thinks about how kindly Chrysler had responded when Dean dumped that story about his mom on him. The guy deserves better and Dean wishes he could find the right words here.
Cas finished the apple, tossing the core in the compost bin by the raised gardens before pulling his bike up from where he’d left it on the lawn. By the time he arrived at the park, players and spectators had started to converge and it was busy enough that he had to walk his bike. He left it at the rack and wandered closer to the field. Dean’s team was warming up, the coach hitting balls to them. As he watched, Dean dove for a grounder, snagging it easily and jumping up to throw it directly to the first baseman’s waiting glove. He brushed some of the infield track dirt off his pants, then took his cap off to smooth his hair before putting it back on again. Cas smiled to himself and tried to remember to look at some of the other players as well. He made his way slowly around the field until he saw Hannah and Inaias standing behind the bleachers. Sam and Kevin came over, each with a bag of Swedish fish.
“Uh,” she pushes her hair behind her ear. “That I don’t know. Like I said it only ever happened to me once.”
Cas glances over to where Dean is sitting. He takes in the lines of his profile and his perfectly yet effortlessly styled hair. Cas pictures himself getting up to take his mug to the dirty dish bin, turning to smile at Dean, then tripping and accidentally pulling the fire alarm. In his mind’s eye, Dean jumps to his feet and spills hot coffee all over himself. “There’s still time.”
When they got to Dean’s house, Sam was shooting baskets in the driveway, but Cas didn’t see the Impala parked in the garage. “You hungry, Sammy?”
At last Cas meets his eye. “I found a therapist who specializes in recovered memories. I’m making you an appointment.”
Cas kept watch the next morning and soon after breakfast he saw the family come back down the street. This time Cas had the front door open even before they had a chance to knock.
“He was so young when things first got bad. I don’t think he remembered her any other way. So it was just...normal for him.”
He continues to smile and when it’s time for dessert, he doesn’t even bitch that Boston cream pie is technically cake. Mary asks Dean to open the champagne, but he fumbles with the cork and Sam whisks it right out of his hands to do it himself.
Back in the safety of his apartment, Cas secures Lady Marmalade in her carrier. She yowls at him, one single, plaintive cry. Cas crouches down to peer into the caged front. “There’s enough blame here to go around, but I need to make sure you can’t escape again before you get paroled.” She glares at him, then turns her back, swishing her tail once before lying down. Cas double checks that the carrier is fully latched, then decides to start with the balcony after all.
Dean will never admit how absolutely tickled he is that this cat has shown a clear preference for him. “I bet she’d play with the toy if I tried.”
Dean makes himself comfortable on one of the porch chairs, propping his feet on the railing. “Thanks, Bobby. Hey, did I tell you about Cas’s truck? I did what I could, but honestly it would look right at home in the salvage yard...”
“Hey, what would you think about getting a dog?” he asks Cas when they’ve finished catching up on their days.
He sleeps so long that Cas has to wake him in the morning. “Hey, sleepyhead. You slept through your alarm.”
The specter of Chuck’s death still hung over the household like a physical weight. He’d recovered fully after his heart attack and he and Naomi had counted each of the six years since then as a gift and a blessing. When the cancer had been discovered, it had already spread, lighting up the scans in so many places that Cas hadn’t known where to look first. He’d taken a semester off from grad school, despite his parents’ objections, to spend what time his father had left together.
Eventually he gets out, walking around to the front of his building, his hands shoved into his jacket pockets against the brisk morning air. The sign on the coffee shop says closed, but he can see a few lights on in the back and he lets himself inside. The chairs are still up on the tables from last night’s mopping, and today’s newspapers are stacked neatly near the front door. The space isn’t large, but somehow it feels smaller when it’s empty of people. Nonetheless, it’s already filled with the scent of freshly baked pastries and he knows that before long the rich aroma of coffee will permeate the air.
Melanie opens the back door with a flourish. “I think this will do the trick.” She walks them across the patio and through the backyard. It’s not huge, but the mature and well-tended plantings surround a grassy space that would give Henry plenty of room to play. “Since there’s also the attached two car garage, you could use this space however you wanted.” She unlocks the door and flips on a switch, illuminating fluorescent tube lights across the ceiling. It’s a spacious workshop, empty and swept clean but there are shelves and peg boards and a workbench. “It’s fully insulated. Maybe need a heater in the winter but otherwise it should be pretty comfortable year round.”
“First, I’ll hold your hips still, keep you right against the wall while I run my tongue up and down your beautiful cock.” Dean made a small, plaintive sound, and Cas used his thumb to spread the pre-come that leaked in response to hearing it. “I’ll tease you, licking and kissing, not letting up until you’re whimpering.”
“Definitely not.” Dean wishes he could put words to his hesitation. Maybe it’s because this is such a big commitment. He doesn’t doubt his commitment to Cas--or Cas’s to him--but it’s so much money. All their savings. And it’s not like they don’t already have a perfectly fine place to live.
When will Dean learn not to double down when he’s wrong? Not today, apparently. He scoffs. “Don’t worry. You’ve made yourself perfectly clear.” He reaches for the doorknob and Cas gets to his feet, like he’s going to follow him. Dean jabs a finger at him. “Don’t.”
“I, uh, saw some cops cars go by and started to lose it.” He knows Cas told her when he made the appointment that there was sexual abuse in his past, but Dean’s not sure he’s ready to talk about particulars.
Cas takes a few steps closer. “Hello, Dean.” The lack of sleep has apparently messed with his filter because the next thing he says is, “You look about as good as I feel.”
He tries. Tries to focus on the here and now, tries to immerse himself in the moment, but even here, in his own apartment, that disconnected feeling from earlier in the evening persists. He feels distant, rooted elsewhere, controlling his body remotely like a drone operator. He waits for his brain to stop fighting him. He’s loose and tipsy and has a warm, willing body pressed up against his, but he can’t find a way to be fully present.
Dean’s chest still feels tight but he’s not going to give Cas the satisfaction of rubbing it. His throat feels raw too and his nose is running. “I don’t know what happened.” It’s got to be the brain tumor but fuck if he’s not going to enjoy these last couple of days before it’s diagnosed. “But it’s better now.” He watches a series of emotions cross Cas’s face, and he knows Cas is thinking the exact same thing. Part of Dean wants to reach for Cas and cling to him, but he can’t guarantee he’ll be able to let go right now. “I’m gonna be late.”
Cas isn’t sure what to say to that, but luckily just then the movie starts. It’s easier in the dark, with less expectation for talking and he relaxes in his seat, taking a moment to fully appreciate that, maybe it’s just a movie, but he’s on a
“Are you drunk?” He wishes Cas would get mad, because that’s what he deserves. This soft sadness in his voice is exponentially worse.
“How’s the writing going?” Anna asks after they order. She’s one of the few people who can ask that question without it feeling like some sort of unspoken rebuke.
He studiously doesn’t notice the rumpled, unmade bed. Or the dirty clothes scattered along the floor. He retrieves the papers from the printer and clutches them to his chest for a moment, breathing deeply as he tries to resettle himself. The easy back and forth they had in his apartment feels like it was months ago, an entire lifetime maybe. He stands there until he hears Dean call to him.
“I put my hand on your shoulder,” Cas says each word slowly, with a meaningful raise of his eyebrows, “and that was it.”
Later that night, Cas lies on the couch and reflects on things. Maybe he can learn from his interaction online and be prepared for the next time he runs into Dean. Maybe he can practice an apology for not holding the elevator door. Something simple and heartfelt, thought out ahead of time and polished so that it comes out smooth and easy.
Dean made a small snort. Cas started to giggle, relief washing over him as the adrenaline drained away. The more Sam insisted, the funnier it got until the whole thing became hysterical.
Cas, sitting in his t-shirts and boxers directly in front of his fan throws back his head and laughs. He doesn’t even respond because he can see that typing is happening, so he waits patiently until, sure enough, Drake’s soup diatribe pours forth.
He stops, his brow furrowing. “You know, one of the first times I felt kind of… off was right after we went to see a house.” He remembers the unsettled feeling of walking back across the yard, how he just knew the house was wrong even though he couldn’t articulate why. “Do you think that’s it?”
I’m having so many feelings now that this is done. In my opening note, I said I had about 75k written and anticipated needing about 10k more to finish. Somehow I’ve written an additional 40k since I started posting this. This is BY FAR the longest thing I have ever written and I’m almost stunned by the final word count. I’m so proud of what I’ve accomplished here.  The confidence I gained serially posting Balancing Act carried over to this experience and allowed me to keep pushing forward both with my writing and the posting schedule. My thanks again to Alison who gave me so much of her time and valuable input. There are any number of scenes that wouldn’t exist without her gentle guidance, and each one makes the story better.
“People think cats nap all day,” Cas says, and Dean nods. “This cat has never let me sleep in a day in her life.”
When he looks at Cas, Cas is staring at him with an unreadable expression. He chews his lip for a moment. “I need to tell you something.”
Cas kissed him one more time, hard and probing, before reluctantly pulling away. When he sat up, Dean was on his knees instantly, pulling Cas’s shirt over his head before tugging off his own. Both went flying off the bed into the darkness. Dean urged Cas to move until his back hit the padded headboard and then he straddled Cas’s lap, starting an agonizingly slow grind as he leaned in to kiss him. Cas let his head fall back, luxuriating in the friction, trailing his hands down the muscled planes of Dean’s bare back to cup his ass and hold him in place as he thrust gently upwards. He kissed Dean’s neck, his collarbone, his mouth hot and hungry as he licked and explored, teasing around Dean’s nipple until Dean threaded his hand in Cas’s hair to guide his mouth where he wanted it. Cas tugged at the nipple with his teeth, hearing Dean gasp as he arched toward him. Cas laved at it, feeling the skin harden and pebble, alternating between teeth and tongue until Dean was whimpering. When he pulled off, he pressed a kiss to Dean’s clavicle, his hands moving to rest at Dean’s waist so that he could let his thumbs dip under the elastic of his pajama pants. Cas leaned forward to capture Dean’s other nipple, but Dean curved away from him, making space to work his hands between them, palming Cas’s erection through the fabric.
“Couldn’t have the star of the night passing out on us,” Dean says, with a sly wink. “Just think how many of my vases you might’ve taken out on the way down.”
He does have a habit of fucking things up when he’s nervous, that’s the truth. His brain readily agrees and provides him with a mental presentation of his most embarrassing moments. It’s a glossy, well-produced video, one with a lot of views. It starts when he tripped and fell, dropping his armload of books in the hallway outside his 6th grade classroom, and continues with his ongoing personal highlight reel, one scene seamlessly transitioning into the next.
After double-checking the knots and assuring himself of Dean’s comfort, Cas holds up one of his neckties. “May I put this on you?”
They sit in the Impala eating sandwiches and chips.  Cas keeps looking at him with big eyes until Dean snaps.  “Would you stop looking at me like that?”
Cas tucks the receipt in his bag, then turns to check that he hasn’t left anything behind. He hasn’t, but he realizes he has a few things to do before he leaves. Walking back across the waiting area, he returns the chair to its proper place and rearranges the brochure holders on the table. Satisfied that he’s left everything as he found it, he slings his bag over his shoulder and heads for the door.
The woman points to the edge of the stage where snacks and bottles of water have been provided for the set up crew. She takes a step in that direction when Cas calls her back, holding up two fingers to indicate a second bottle of water. The woman stops and practically beams at him before Cas turns to where Dean is standing and points to him. Her eyes linger on Dean and she pushes her hair behind her ear, smiling before she turns to get the water.
“Is it, though, Meg? Because I hate this a lot.” He feels sick, his stomach roiling. He’s sure everyone can see how frantic he feels inside, the nervous desperation wafting off of him like a signal flare. He’s ready to call the whole thing off, to tell Meg he was wrong, that he’s not ready, when he catches some movement out of the corner of his eye. Dean has broken away from his group of friends and is moving from the sidewalk up the few small steps that lead to the theater. He stops at the top and Cas confirms his suspicions that he's going to speak. As he watches, Dean takes a deep breath and raises his sign overhead.
While Dean comes back down, Cas kisses his forehead, his cheek, and his jaw. He hands Dean the dirty t-shirt so that he can clean himself off before taking it back to wipe his hand.
Dean looks over the listing. Three bedrooms, one and a half baths. It’s got a small front porch with enough room for a couple of chairs. Then he looks at the address. “That’s gonna add to your commute, though.”
Alastair looks away and Dean thinks maybe he’s won this round but then he realizes where his gaze has gone. “Little Henry,” Alastair says, and how the fuck does he even know his name? “He goes to Eastmont elementary, right? Mrs. Adkins’s class?” Dean’s blood goes cold. “He looks a lot like you at that age, don’t you think?” He continues to peer at him, appraising. “Smaller, though. Probably doesn’t have the same fight in him.”
I’m not good at this and clearly I shouldn’t have just tossed that out there like that so I’m sorry if you felt pressured or anything and it’s fine either way, I swear.
“First off, I’m not an invalid. You can drop me off at my place and go to the store while I get my things together.” Dean opens his mouth to protest, but Cas cuts him off. “And you don’t need to give up your bed.”
Sometimes Cas feels a wave of anxiety spiking through him, heart racing, palms sweating, nearly dizzy with stress that leaves him shaky and unable to concentrate. It took some time for Dean to stop asking “Why?” when Cas tells him he’s anxious, to stop looking for a problem he can fix. He’s learned to just be with Cas when it happens, holding his hand, reminding him to breathe, making sure he’s eating and drinking. He knows Gabe has coached Dean through some of it and, while it makes Cas vaguely guilty to think it takes the two of them to manage him, he’s happy to know Dean has Gabe’s enthusiastic stamp of approval.
There are supplies already piled on the bed and Dean tries not to look at them, preferring to be surprised, but he can’t miss the lengths of rope laid out. The ropes are fairly new for them, researched and purchased when Cas decided the cuffs were too limiting. Cas had applied himself to learning about them just as he does with anything new, giving that same single-minded focus that he extends to such things as a replacement for their toaster or the best ergonomic snow shovel to practical bondage solutions.
“I’ve heard some people say that you need to forgive the people who have hurt you in order to move forward. I get that some people do it not because they forgive the actual acts that took place, but because they need it as closure, as a way of letting go of that anger and pain. Maybe I’ll get there one day, but I sure as hell am not there yet. Not by a long shot. In dealing with this, I’ve had to reimagine my entire life. I had to come to terms with the fact that I was not who I thought I was. That my childhood—as lousy as it had been—was actually exponentially worse than I thought. I had to try and figure out who I was. Was I the damaged, abused boy that you tormented for years? Or was I the happy adult who ran a successful business and was married to the man I loved? The question tormented me as I tried to reconcile which of those truths were really me. In the end though, they both are. They both have to be true. What happened to me and the process I’ve had to go through to deal with it have made me who I am today, and while my most fervent wish is that this had never happened to me—or to any other kid out there—I’ve had enough time and enough therapy to know that I can’t recover from this trauma like it was a bad case of the flu. I can only hope to integrate it into who I am and what I know about myself.”
Cas considered that for a moment. “I think...we never know how good we have something until it’s over.”
Cas slumps against the wall, then thunks his head against it. Why didn’t he push the right button? Why didn’t he put a hand out to keep the doors open? Why does every interaction he has with Dean turn into a disaster?
Cas glared and wielded a candy cane at him as menacingly as he could. He was rewarded by a full-body laugh.
With less than an hour before the guests begin to arrive, Dean brings in the boxes of books from the car, stacking them by Cas’s writing table, now moved to the center of the space for the signing. They’ve rented some chairs and a couple of tables, rearranging things so the guests can sit and listen to the reading, then mingle and have some light appetizers. For his part, Dean has put together a bouquet to sit on the table alongside the books: a single, stunning golden yellow dahlia adorned by lush red roses, soft white myrtle, all set off by dark green and waxy ivy.
Dean hears the rumble of Cas’s growl. He wants to press up against him to feel it reverberate through his chest. “I’m not going anywhere.”
With that resolved, he focuses again on how Dean had been so open at the coffee shop, leaving Cas wondering whether he’d been open about his sexuality in general or if it was something more. Like a message to Cas in particular.
“I feel like… it was kind of sudden. LIke, I didn’t plan on it but in the moment, talking to Jody, it seemed like the right thing to do.”
Mary approached to give Naomi a hug. “You look so patriotic,” she said, taking in Naomi’s long denim skirt, red and white striped top, and chunky wooden necklace painted like the American flag.
“Can you imagine if we had to go to jail for indecent exposure on our honeymoon?” Cas says as he tucks himself back into his jeans.  “Do you think Bobby would bail us out?”
Dean has pictured this moment more times than he cares to admit. In fact, when he finally heard from his dad and could move past the heart-rending panic of assuming he was dead in a ditch somewhere, he’d spent many a night lying awake fantasizing about how he’d handle this exact situation. Most of them involved Dean grabbing his father by the jacket lapel and throwing him out into the parking lot. Dean was done letting his father control his life.
Cas can’t believe his eyes. The new part plus the labor is still less than he’d been imagining just for them to figure out what was wrong. “I really appreciate it. I wish I lived on this side of town, I’d send everyone I know here.”
“It’ll be like college all over again. I’ll invite Charlie. Games, movies…I’ll even get some shitty beer for old time’s sake.”
“I figure we can stop by your place to pick up whatever you need. I should really grab some groceries, but if that’s too much for you, I can swing back into town later and do it. I’ll put you in my room and take one of the upstairs bedrooms.”
Her face is serious as they all three get settled in the living room. “I’ve got good news and”—Dean braces himself, only to be surprised when she finishes with—“better news.”
Balthazar takes him by the shoulder and turns him to a single canvas dominating the back wall. “This one is his most famous piece.”
Overwhelmed, Cas sits on the edge of his bed and holds his head in his hands as he works to slow his breathing. When he at least feels like he isn’t going to fly into a million pieces, he pulls off his jeans and falls into bed, curling himself around a pillow. As the city wakes up, he sleeps.
Dean feels his vision begin to unfocus and he clenches the throw pillow more tighty. “It was the light. At the dentist, that’s what set me off.” She gives him the briefest of nods, her face betraying nothing. “In the garage where I was… abused, there was a single light. Like one of those shop lights? That you clip on places?” He’d mentioned it to Cas before in a nearly offhand manner, but for the first time he lets his focus linger on it instead of pushing the thought immediately away. Dean remembers staring at that light because he couldn’t see anything else when he did. He could pretend the tears streaming down his face were solely from the unrelenting brightness in his eyes. He’s barely even blinking as he remembers, suddenly feeling the scrape of rough wood underneath him, abrasions to add to the bruising of being pressed against the work table.
The apartment is exactly as he left it. He loves living alone, loves the fact that he can eat any and all meals on the couch, if he wants. He likes spooning his soup out of a glass measuring cup. It makes for easy heating and the handle means he doesn’t burn his hand. One less step in preparation and one less dish to clean up. It’s efficient, really.
“Yeah, because it’s super gay,” Dean said, laughing.“Honestly, do I look like this to you?” He tossed his hair and swished back in forth in front of them, limp-wrist and all.
She followed his gaze, focused as it so often was on Dean. “Oh man,” she said, laying a hand heavily on his shoulder. “Good fucking luck with
“Just needs another minute,” he says, doing his best to give Cas a meaningful look that goes unnoticed.
Cas pours Sam some coffee while Henry flicks a drop of water on the griddle to see if it’s hot enough.
Why does Dean keep coming around? Why does he offer to make him lunch or show him around the neighborhood? Why has he opened his apartment to Lady Marmalade? It hasn’t escaped Cas’s notice that he refuses to call her by her name, always “she” or “the cat”, even as his face goes gentle when he looks at her.
Eventually she glances at the clock before saying, “We have a little bit of time left. We could use it to go through a few more breathing and grounding exercises before you leave.”
By now, Rowena had Cas’s drink ready. “Here you are, dear. Maybe this would be a good time for you to take your break, Dean.” She helpfully but forcefully shoved him away from the counter. Jack pressed himself against the wall, paling as Dean made an
“It’s nothing weird. I mean. Maybe a little. But nothing that even involves you. Much.” He knows he’s not helping his own cause, but he really likes Charlie--what little he’s seen of her, of course--and he doesn’t want her to think he’s weird. Deciding that particular ship sailed as soon as he stepped back in the door, he takes a deep breath and tries again. “I’m writing a book. And you saw that I was”--and here he uses air quotes around the term she’d used --”’in the zone’ while I was here yesterday.” Tentatively she nods and he continues. “That never happens. Like almost never. Somehow I’ve written and published an entire book already and rarely have I had that sort of successful flow of writing. So I was wondering if there’s any chance I could just sit here in your waiting room and write.” Her brow creases a little bit. “I’ll stay out of your way, and out of your customers’ ways, of course. If it gets crowded in here I’ll pack up and go, I promise.”
Cas watches him with that calm, studied demeanor as he crosses the room to kiss him hello. Usually Dean would ask if anything interesting came in the mail, but he already knows the answer to that.
“That’s true, but not necessarily in the way you think. Have you ever had experience with anxiety or panic attacks before?”
“Your health and well-being are important to us,” Jack says with such sincerity that Dean can’t decide if he’s kidding or not.
When he sets the beer in front of Cas, it’s so dark that for a moment Cas wonders if he’s ordered something other than beer. He thanks the bartender and wonders how obvious it is that he has no idea what he’s doing. With the interaction over, he realizes he could have confessed that he doesn’t drink a lot of beer and asked for recommendations. He reminds himself that there’s no shame in admitting what he doesn’t know; he and Michelle talked about that on numerous occasions. These are learning experiences, she said. Putting yourself out there and pushing through those moments of discomfort are what build your confidence and feelings of success. They’d spoken at length about how nobody expects him to be perfect, and it seems so simple when they’re sitting in the familiar office with the abstract art on the wall and the window overlooking the woods.
Cas sighs as the music begins to blare from upstairs, idly wondering if a Victrola would be better or worse. It’s early still, not like Dean is doing anything rude...just part of apartment living, Cas reminds himself. He has to admit it was nice to hear from SavetheDrake. Cas knew it was his turn to respond, but he hadn’t come across anything new worth discussing regarding the theater. It’s not a big deal, he knows, but for SavetheDrake to have contacted him again just to chat was a tiny bit flattering.
Mary laughed and indicated her sons. “With these two, my house looks a lot like that on a daily  basis.”
Cas looks so handsome this morning, freshly shaved and in his suit. Dean’s known him long enough to know he’s nervous but he’s trying not to let it show.
Dean feels a lump in his throat at Henry growing up so fast. Ten seems so much older somehow than nine. Double digits. He remembers the day his nephew was born, the grins on Sam and Eileen’s faces that even the exhaustion of a thirty-four hour labor couldn’t begin to touch.
.” Billie waits and he knows her silence is as good as asking him another question. He wants to blame it on seeing Alastair on the news but, while he’s talked openly to Billie about his abuser being a cop, he hasn’t named names. It just seems safer that way. Besides, his reaction at the dentist and his uptick in nightmares started before that anyhow. “We looked at a house, me and Cas. It was a great house. Perfect in every way, but I got the most uneasy feeling walking back from the workshop. I couldn’t shake it and even though it was everything we wanted, we didn’t put an offer in as a result.”
Maybe he should text Dean first. He pulls out his phone, dismayed at how far down he has to scroll to get to their conversation, and he stops, frozen with uncertainty.
Taking a long look around, Dean makes a decision. “Seems only right to watch the show.” He gestures to the transformed gym. “I’m invested at this point.”
“I know you have a life here,” Cas said. “I didn’t mean to come here and upend it. But I need you to know that this isn’t just a fling for me.” When Dean looked away, Cas touched his cheek with gentle reverence until Dean met his eyes again. “You mean so much to me. You always have. I’m committed to whatever you think can work.”
“I’m glad you felt you could tell me.” Bobby’s voice is gentle and sincere, and it’s so unexpected that Dean feels himself blinking back tears.
Nodding, Dean takes a sip of his coffee. It’s hot but not too hot to drink. Expecting black coffee, he’s surprised to get a taste of something sweet. “Oh,” he says, turning the cup to look at it. Maybe he got Cas’s by mistake. On the side of the cup he sees all the indications that it’s a hazelnut latte. Also, it’s fucking delicious.
“Your Uncle Cas is so smart and so good at his job that he gets to teach some other people about how to do it,” Eileen tells him.
“Absolutely not.” He presses his lips together. “I mean I’ve considered going but the wonderful time is, of course, out of the question.”
“I don’t mean like that.” He can feel a tiny smile play around his mouth because now he’s thinking about Not Farmers Only again.
“So, he comes out.” Dean doesn’t mention the wild bedhead or the faded t-shirt that didn’t quite cover the way his pajama pants hung low on his hips. His feet had been bare and something about that made him seem…vulnerable.
Honestly? Everyone was so happy about it being an excuse to end the meeting that I think I may get a promotion.
It’s the end of April. Suddenly the only thing worse than going to talk to a therapist is having to wait nearly two months to do it. “Is that usually how it works? I mean does it always take so long?”
Lady Marmalade has grown accustomed to him flopping on the couch with her during his recuperation, and she watches him expectantly as he crosses the living room. When he passes her by on the way to his desk, she rests her chin on her paws almost petulantly.
He shakes his head. “I don’t think I’d even remembered enough to feel anxious. It just felt… wrong.”
“I’ve got you.” He takes Cas’s cock in his hand and Cas’s hips jolt of their own accord. Dean thumbs over the head, spreading the moisture beading there, and the slow glide of his hand is almost unbearably good. “Cas, can we…”
“Strike,” the ump said as he swung the bat and the ball landed with a muffled thump safely in the catcher’s glove.
This was his goal, but now face-to-face with Dean, Cas buys himself some time stomping the snow off his boots before stepping inside to take them and his coat off. He pulls off his hat, and notices with a flicker of warmth the way Dean watches him run his fingers through his hair afterwards.
Almost immediately Dean gets a video chat request from Cas. His first instinct is to slam the disregard button but Cas obviously knows he’s at his computer. Not like there’s any other place he could be. So he runs a hand through his hair and takes a deep breath before accepting the chat.
Dean gives him a pitying look. “Listen to you. Only engaged and you already sound like a middle-aged married man. Have you practiced shaking your fist and saying ‘Get off my lawn’?”
“A man—a cop—“ Dean swallows down the bile threatening to push its way out. “He worked with my dad. He would bring his car to our house so my dad could work on it and… he took me into the garage and… hurt me.”
Dean can’t help himself, he feels a flicker of panic run through him. Jesus, he’s nearly thirty years old and he’s worried about getting sent to the principal’s office.
“So,” he says, and Dean’s back to that stupid grin. “We probably need to figure this part of it out.”
. So yeah, Dean gets that maybe Sam doesn’t have a ton of time to reply to his big brother in the middle of his important work day, but it seems like even his weekends have been busy. He used to find time to come out with Dean for burgers or drinks, but lately it seems his head has been elsewhere. Dean doesn’t want their mother to get upset, but he thinks this job is really taking a toll on Sam.
Even if the food were perfect, Dean’s too nervous to eat more than a few bites. According to the program, the nominees will be introduced and the winner announced right after dinner. Sure enough, while people are finishing their meals, the emcee strides up to the podium. She’s a well-coiffed woman who gives Dean unhappy thoughts of Cas’s mother and Dean feels his panic begin to rise. Cas takes his hand in both of his and squeezes it warmly until the nominees are called to the stage with a round of applause.
“Spent some time working on my conference presentation today while I was manning the reference desk so that’s coming along.”
Cas runs a hand through his hair as Dean rights the chair. “Can you at least text me and let me know you got there?”
But over the next few weeks, their communications begin to span more and more of their time. It’s nonsense, mostly, stupid little throwaway conversations about food or tv or the weather, but it feels like much more than that as they continue to forge a connection when they aren’t physically in the same place.
When Jody moves close enough to put a gentle hand on his arm, Dean’s legs go out from under him and he falls to the ground, his face in his hands.
“Oh, Officer, thank goodness you’re here. I asked that man to get off of my property but he wouldn’t leave.”
Dean almost snorts. The only thing worse than sitting in a room talking about this with Billie would be sitting in some shitty classroom with a whole group of strangers.
Not only that, he was so on edge over it that he snapped at Garth who was just trying to be nice. It was easier than trying to explain that he’d been rejected by someone he’d never met. And then he’d fucked up Cas’s evening by coming home and basically throwing a tantrum over the whole thing.
“Plus, Sam would lose his place on the partner track because he'd spend way too much time suing the ladder company. Or the light bulb company. Or both.”
It's always weird to create a first or last name for a canon character who doesn't have one, but I chose Joseph here for Alastair because that was the first name of the monstrosity of a human in The Keepers. I don't know what you call it when it's the opposite of a tribute, but it's a connection that I made on purpose.
Cas takes off each layer slowly and methodically, running fingers and lips over newly exposed skin. He touches Dean like he cherishes him, like he’s a piece of art. Dean’s been naked in front of Cas plenty of times, but it’s never been like this. He’s used to having his turn, breaking things up to unbutton Cas’s shirt or run a hand between his legs, but this time he’s forced to stand perfectly still and
“Jaw pain can manifest in a lot of ways,” she agrees. “Anything else before we get started with the exam?”
It’s almost funny. That he could battle every sort of evil creature out there—demons, monsters, even God for fuck’s sake, only to be taken down by a bit of unfinished carpentry. He ponders the cosmic significance. Maybe there’s the start of a Jesus metaphor here, with that single nail between his flesh and the wooden post, like he’s only up to C-R-U in a fucked up game of H-O-R-S-E.
“Well, it was a team effort, really. Garth pretended he had an upset stomach--not enough to go home, just enough to not want to be out on the tow truck. When Dean asked Lee to take the call instead, he got all huffy saying he’d been working on this car for two days and wanted to see it through. He even threw something about ‘pride in workmanship’ back in Dean’s face. It was hilarious, actually. So, Dean took the call. He wasn’t happy about it but what else was he going to do?”
Cas shakes his head the tiniest bit, like he’s trying to understand. “I want to help you, Dean, but I don’t understand what you’re telling me.”
“Touch me,” he manages and Cas’s hand is on him, gripping just right.  Cas works him slowly, lazily almost as he stretches out alongside him.
In some ways, it’s a much calmer ride than the frantic trip there, but Cas feels his heart hammering in his chest nonetheless. “Dean.”
“He only just started making his ’S’ the right way around,” Dean offered. “And his M’s used to go on forever.”
Their faces are just inches apart, their clasped hands are wedged between their chests, and  somehow neither of them manages to paper cut the other with a sign. Cas has an unreadable look in his eyes. “You okay?”
“There’s no rush, though, right? I mean surely if it’s been this many years already, Dean can take his time moving forward with it?”
They’re sitting so close together that Dean can feel the heat of his body. Their legs brush against each other when Dean shifts so that he can see better.
can be the most difficult thing in the world.” Dean’s eyes sting with sudden tears at that and he has to blink them away, his lip trembling as he does so. Naomi doesn’t say anything but she again links her arm through his. “Help an old lady home, will you, dear?”
text Cas or even knock on his door to check in. He could try and sound casual and ask if he or Lady Marmalade need anything, but maybe he’s waited too long. Maybe he would go down there and find Lady Marmalade didn’t recover. Maybe he’d find Cas packing his things, desperate to get away from this place and Dean as fast as he can. And even if that isn’t the case, Dean doesn’t know how to go back to whatever they had before, not when his heart feels like it’s been replaced by a boulder.
“It’s almost like there’s something just out of my field of vision,” he tells Cas one evening as they’re getting ready for bed. “Like if I turned my head fast, I might see it.”
Like Cas and their life together, the flower shop fits like a second skin. Every time Dean steps inside, he’s struck by the beauty and peace he feels there, surrounded by all sorts of flowers and greenery. It’s set up so that customers can wander through the space, discovering what they like. They’re free to ask Dean to create unique bouquets for them based on specific situations or the messages they’d like to send. The greatest satisfaction Dean takes is in helping people throw off preconceived notions of what a bouquet should look like while guiding them to put together something that brings joy to a loved one. He loves the stories he hears from customers as he does so because the more he learns about the recipient, the better able he is to find just the right blossoms.
I'm doing my part to make these difficult days a little bit easier, so if you would like to send me a Porndemic Prompt, you can DM me
The delivery guy must be a consummate professional because he doesn’t even react to Cas’s unkempt presence. He holds out a clipboard for him to sign which Cas does, trying his best to minimize the contact between his germy fingers and the pen.
By now they’re back at the apartment building. Cas unlocks the lobby door and holds it open for Dean to walk through. “What do you think Lady Marmalade does when you’re not home?” He only hesitates a little before he says her name but the way Cas grins at him tells him it didn’t go unnoticed.
“Cas, look.” Dean has to stop and swallow hard because even saying Cas’s name lights something up inside of him. “Whatever you think you know about me--you don’t.”
Dean switches on his front facing camera. It’s not like he doesn’t have flaws. His nose is a little crooked and those freckles plague him, but yeah, good or bad, people make assumptions about him based solely on his appearance. Maybe that’s why he feels so anxious about getting this right with Chrysler. To prove that there’s more to him than what meets the eye.
He hits send, then a moment later hears an audible snort. When he looks back over, Dean is grinning and he pushes off the counter to approach Cas where he sits. “Hey.”
Whatever happens today, their house is clean and their refrigerator filled with food. The lawn has been freshly mowed and the grill is ready to go. Everyone will be coming back to their house to celebrate after Alastair’s sentencing.
“None of this was your fault.” Cas touches Dean’s face, a brush of fingers against his cheek. “There’s no doubt that you are extremely enticing, but not enough to put me off doing my job properly. There’s no way we could’ve known that Mildred had a gun. She’s never been violent before. But my equipment worked just as it was supposed to and you? You stayed with me and made sure I got help.”
Dean flashes to his brother back when he was still in high school, hunched over the desk in his bedroom, scarfing down snacks until Dean would make him take a break and come to the table for an actual meal. “That can’t be good for you or your computer.”
“Uh.” He thinks. Dean is certainly friendly with the people he comes into contact with. He’s seen him ruffle Charlie’s hair a few times and he’s quick to shake hands with the people he’s doing business with but… “No, not really.” Anna just leans her chin on her hand and stares at him. “What?”
Dean knows it’s alright either way; Cas won’t hold it against him. But he’s already interrupted his husband’s sleep so he figures it’s the least he can do.
“Last I talked to him, he said he was going wine tasting at the end of the month.” Mary reaches out a steadying hand when Dean climbs onto the stepladder, like he’s six years old again. Like she’s going to be able to save him if he comes tumbling down.
Henry, however, doesn’t care about the status of Dean's mental health or any epiphanies he may be having. He gives Dean an excited high five with his free hand, then takes off to settle back on the porch with the books. After casting a look Dean’s way, Cas takes his leave and follows him.
but be there to hold his hand and walk beside him. That was when he started writing. Those first attempts were nothing more than fluffy, wish-fulfillment, but he found that even imagining such a story felt therapeutic. And the more he wrote, the better he felt. It was his therapist who encouraged him to try to get his stories published, an idea that sounded preposterous to him and one he had quickly shut down. But alone in his (Gabe’s) room, he’d researched and, without telling a soul, he’d sent some query letters.
“That would be nice.” They’re silent for a moment. “But not making him chief doesn’t really address the issue.”
Cas stills his hand and there’s a long moment when Dean thinks he’s going to question him but all he says is, “Whatever you want.” He kisses Dean on the cheek before tossing back the covers. “I’m gonna go start some breakfast.”
Dean’s sure he looks a wreck. His shirt is only half tucked in, his cummerbund is askew, and he can feel the red marks Cas left on his neck. Cas, who somehow looks completely unrumpled, is reaching for his wallet. He knocks on the window and the driver opens the door. Cas nods for Dean to get out first and Dean does so without making eye contact of any sort. He heads right for the front door but he blushes again hearing the driver thanking Cas for the tip. Dean doesn’t even realize he’s clutching the bag of fast food until he needs one hand to get out his keys.
Cas leans closer to the camera. “Could you explain it to me? I know sometimes I don’t get cultural references.”
“Now, that would be bad. But this absolute shitheel of a human is too narcissistic for that. So, does it seem odd to you that now—with winter approaching— would be the exact time he decides to have a concrete patio poured in his backyard?”
Sam laughs and the sound of it does Dean good, despite the way his stomach has turned to lead. “Thanks, Dean. I know this isn’t what we planned but maybe you could come out here? In the spring? I’d love to show you around and Jess is dying to meet you.”
Cas is out of his seat in an instant, but Charlie shakes her head and moves from behind the counter to meet him by his table. “What’s going on? That’s Dean’s father?”
“It’s not fair!” Sam said, and kicked the tree. “Ow!” He hopped on one foot a few times before falling over into the grass.
That’s enough to startle a bark of laughter right out of Dean. He sees Henry turn around at the sound but Cas gently guides him forward and Dean feels yet another debt of gratitude. “Okay, t
“I’m pretty sure what Cas’s mom saw today was a successful businessman who her son has been spending a lot of time with. Someone who talks about you enough that she was willing to drive all the way across town to meet you in person.”
They sat in shared silence for a bit, loose from the whiskey and warm with memories. Under it all, though, Cas felt the need for Dean’s forgiveness, for judging him so harshly about that English test. Even though Dean had only hinted at his mom’s illness today, it felt like the right time. He took a deep breath. “Dean, I really need to apologize to you for—”
“Jesus Christ, Cas. You show up here out of the blue. You drop all these fucking bombs and make a goddamn move on me and now this?” He wiped his hand across his mouth. “These are some fucking mixed messages.”
Dean lets out his breath as slowly and quietly as he can. He lies there as still and silent as a corpse, terrified that any movement he makes will be interpreted as a move to start a conversation. The relief of Cas not leaving takes the edge off his mood as does the realization of what’s really bothering him. He knows Cas loves him. He knows Cas is committed to him whether or not they get a stupid piece of paper to prove it to the rest of the world. He doesn’t even like weddings, but people keep asking. Anna, of course, has hounded them from the start. Sam, who is so wrapped up in his own life, has still found time to ask him a few pointed questions about when and where. Even Naomi wants to know. The nagging doubt comes crashing back over him: why did Cas propose if he doesn’t want to go through with the next step?
“Why?” Anna’s hazel eyes are sincere and there’s no hint of mocking him on her face, but still Cas feels judged.
He focuses on the burger Ella puts in front of him instead. It’s a work of art, honestly, and one of the things he’s really going to miss when he’s back in Sioux Falls. It’s a masterful combination of textures: the beef juicy, the bacon crisp, and the bun perfectly toasted. He savors it, taking his time as people come in. The Duncans are there, that couple he met the first time he set foot in the grocery store, and he catches up on the latest doings of their grandchildren, complete with admiring their pictures with the mall Santa. He takes a good-natured ribbing from Carol, the town’s librarian, on the beatdown her alma mater Colorado has given Stanford.
Stretching out on his back, Dean waits for Cas’s next move which apparently is to frown at him and ask him to stand up again. Slightly confused, Dean does and watches as Cas smooths wrinkles out of the comforter before redirecting Dean back into position.
Dean forces a smile. “Yeah. Me, too.” Cas’s blue eyes are softly shining at him and while there’s no way he’s going to burst that bubble, he finds himself almost squirming under his gaze. “I better get moving.” He hurries out of bed and into the shower.
, he tells himself, clenching his other hand into a fist at his side, as he tries to focus on what he’s doing.
Sam catches Dean’s eye. “You remember when we were kids? All our friends were always off doing cool things during the summer?”
Dean opened his mouth and Cas slipped his fingers inside. The frosting was almost overwhelmingly sweet, but as Dean licked and sucked it off, the familiar salt of Cas’s skin began to balance it out. He took Cas’s fingers in, cleaning them thoroughly and running his tongue between them to lick at the sensitive spot between his fingers. As he did, he was vaguely aware of movement to his right and, when Cas slid his fingers out, he saw Benny was now shirtless.
It’s not like Cas is intimidating. With ample opportunity to watch him in the coffee shop over the past few weeks, Dean’s confirmed that. Not in a creepy way, of course, but he’s a customer and making sure the patrons are happy and well-tended to is a major part of Dean’s job. So he sees what a creature of habit Cas is, the way his coffee order never varies and how he prefers that table in the corner, sitting with his back to the wall even though it means he has to stretch the laptop cable across the table from the outlet. When anyone approaches him, even just another customer passing by on their way to the bathroom, he sees a wary, guarded look cross Cas’s face until he’s sure his privacy won’t be disturbed. In conversation, there’s something disarming about the absence of…guile, for lack of a better word. He’ll ask questions when he doesn’t know something, like the difference between a macchiato and a flat white, listening with his head tilted as Jack explains. He always seems to be taking in information, even sometimes pulling a small notebook out of his pocket to write something down, like he’ll forget it if he doesn’t record it immediately.
Dean starts to laugh, but that’s when Cas swipes his thumb over the leaking head of his cock and the laugh turns into a groan.
Unless they wanted to deal with Sam running home crying, Cas knew there was no arguing with him at this point. “I saved your life and we are forever bound,” Cas said, bowing at the waist as best he could from a seated position.
What I didn’t anticipate was that so many of you would feel safe enough here to share your own stories. That was extremely moving and, as Dean says about Naomi, I was so honored to bear witness as you did. While this story may have led you to open up, know that your stories in the comments have no doubt had that same effect on someone else. That recognition of both the pain and the hope is so very essential.
He finds some Tylenol and swallows two down with as much of a glass of water as he can manage. Then he staggers to his room where he undresses and goes back to sleep. His night becomes a convoluted, endless stretch of burrowing under the covers with his teeth chattering, interspersed with tossing the blankets back as he breaks into a t-shirt soaking sweat. After one of these cycles he gets up and changes, then tries to sleep some more, only to awaken from a nightmare. His head pounds with every beat of his heart and he’s started a deep, rattling cough that does nothing to help his headache.
The Roadhouse won’t officially open for a few more hours, but these quiet Sunday meals in the otherwise empty space with this couple who aren’t even related to him by blood have become Dean’s family dinners.
“Shut up,” Dean says, but there’s no heat in it. “I would’ve called the non-emergency number but I figured you wouldn't pick up.”
Dean meets his brother’s eye and yeah, that’s as good an explanation as any. “Just a little shaken up, but I’m okay.”
“I’m not criticizing,” she insists. “Hell, I see them smile and blush. It’s harmless and it’s good for business. Funny, though, that you didn’t play that card with Cas’s mom.”
“She’s…how I knew something was up with you.” Cas looks at him. “Well, first off she didn’t show up yesterday, but like, I figured maybe you were out or something. But then today she came up just long enough to--just for a second and then she left again.”
Cas sits there, fingers on his keyboard, not typing and barely breathing. He feels the physical weight of Dean’s stare, but Dean doesn’t speak to him, much less approach him. Cas waits until he hears the door to the garage close again before peeking over at Charlie. She looks like she wants to say something, but just then the phone rings. Despite a flurry of phone calls and customers, she manages to send him a quick text.
When he wakes a few hours later, the room is suffused with sunshine. He feels better, the rest helping to relax his body and soothe his mind. He takes his time getting out of bed, and finds that Cas has left his travel mug full of hot coffee waiting for him on the counter. Glancing around the downstairs he considers doing some cleaning, but he ultimately decides not to. He and Billie have talked a lot about what it looks like for Dean to put himself first when he needs to. How that nagging
Eyes soft, Jody nods. “It’s pretty rare for someone like this to stop on their own. They’ll surround themselves with the illusion of authority and community but until they’re caught or they die, they won’t stop. So, maybe we couldn’t charge him for your case, but odds are there’s gotta be other victims out there.”
“No need to apologize,” Cas assures him. “He’s very nice...he’s...not the one for me.” Cas is trying to be diplomatic, but he can hear the edge to his own voice.
“Well,” Cas says, seeing that he’s wearing the collar and nothing else,  “here’s hoping the house doesn’t catch fire tonight.”
It’s a succinct and accurate assessment, one that leaves Cas sitting back in his chair under the weight of it. Starting with his mom when he was four. His brother moving all the way across the country. His father disappearing to start again with another family. “Yeah.”
“I look forward to having a cup next time I come over. But anyhow, that’s perfect. She’s going to love it.”
Dean swallows. “I can try those things. If you want the company, I think I could have a good time with you anywhere.”
“A predator like this will do the same thing. Odds are, if there were pictures, he’s still got them. They may be hidden away somewhere but he’ll have a way to get to them.”
“Only for you.” Sighing, Dean leans forward, shivering a little as his upper body leaves the water. Cas soaks a washcloth, then wrings it out to wet Dean’s hair, letting warm water trickle down his ears and neck until Cas deems it ready for shampooing. Strong hands work the shampoo into lather as Cas washes his hair then takes extra time to massage his temples. Dean wipes foam from the side of his face while Cas concentrates on digging his thumbs in at the base of his skull, gliding down to work out the knots in Dean’s neck.
“I grew up in a small town outside Des Moines, couldn’t wait to get out. I did four years at the University of Iowa, then decided to apply to the police academy in Milwaukee. I got hired on right away and started out as a patrol officer.”
“Nice to meet you both.” Cas shakes Bobby’s hand, then offers it to Ellen who looks at him like he’s offering her a week-old fish. Just like Dean, he gets pulled into a hug.
“And no way in hell am I asking Dean out.” Even saying the words has his stomach flipping in a most unpleasant way. There are so many ways that could go wrong. His brain starts to whir, unable to decide which scenario is the most likely to leave Cas mortified.
Some days Dean’s still not sure how this became his life. He’s got a successful business, a loving husband, and a solid, boring home life. After a childhood fraught with loss and chaos, he never stops savoring exactly how precious that is.
“Oh, sure!” The cashier, a young woman, points to a corner of the store. Dean follows and finds an industrial pot sitting on a burner. Next to it are a stack of styrofoam cups and some packets of sugar and powdered creamer. Dean’s not a coffee snob by any stretch of the imagination, but one takeaway since his break-up with Lisa is an ongoing appreciation for anything containing about three shots of espresso.
Sheepishly, Dean rights the table. Cas takes a few steps closer and begins to pick up pieces of the bottle. “You don’t have to do that,” Dean insists.
“Mary is fine,” Naomi assured him. “She’s going to visit her aunt for a few days just to get some rest. The boys will be here for a bit today, but John got his schedule rearranged so that he can be home with them until she gets back.”
Then Cas is behind him. Dean waits to be touched, whether it’s a delicate caress or a sharp smack, but nothing happens. Nothing happens for so long that it takes all of Dean’s control not to look over his shoulder. He flinches when something comes into his field of vision before quickly realizing Cas is blindfolding him with one of the ties. The silk feels good against his skin and even when Cas knots it tightly at the back of his head, the pressure feels almost comforting. With his vision obscured, Dean feels better, like somehow less is required of him. He doesn’t know what Cas is up to, and more importantly, now he can’t. With that information out of his hands, he relaxes and begins to focus on being in the moment.
Dean nods and lets Cas lead the way to the checkout. The receptionist pulls up his file and begins to go through a breakdown of the treatment. Imaging, anesthesia, surgery, the hospital stay. The total is breathtaking, but Cas tells himself it’s just money.
Benny laughs, deep and genuine. “It ain’t going on my resume, that’s for sure.” He waves his hand at the bulletin board causing Dean to take one last gleeful look before turning to pin it back up. “So, you’re a writer?”
“They’re here!” Henry runs to the edge of the driveway at the sight of the car. Sam gets to his feet as well and walks slowly down the steps.
“What about you?” Cas should let it drop, but Dean had brought it up. They’d never really discussed it other than a few vague jokes, but there was no way he didn’t see the way people talked about the two of them. Cas felt his heartbeat kick up a couple of notches as he waited for Dean to respond.
This time Dean gets to three, and the next time to four and then he’s able to hold it and release it slowly and somehow he’s back to standing outside the house that’s for sale. Now he can see all the ways that it’s different, how the yard is wider, how the workshop’s windows are in the wrong place. He’s with Cas whose jaw is clenched tight and he’s made a fucking fool of himself in front of the realtor.
In the morning, Dean’s wary that Henry might be spooked, but he seems perfectly fine and the nightmare doesn’t even come up. He’s helping Dean make pancakes, stirring chocolate chips into the batter, when Sam arrives.
At that, Dean laughs so hard that his whole body bends backward with it. Cas feels a matching grin cross his face. Wiping his eyes, Dean says. “I can’t be too sad that we didn’t work out when the two of you were so clearly meant to be.”
He looks around his apartment. He’s been here nearly three weeks and there isn’t a box left in sight. His bookshelves are full, his couch is perfectly positioned to watch television without glare coming in from the outside. He knows where every plate and frying pan and utensil are in his neat kitchen. His desk is set up in the main room so that he can take in the view while he writes. He loves the view, loves the sound of people and traffic from down below as he goes about his day. It’s the right amount of connection for him, letting him feel a part of something bigger while safe in the confines of his own space. He gathers up the plate and fork from his desk. He really needs to purchase a table and chairs. Eating at his desk is convenient, but it’s asking for trouble.
The judge is a kind woman and she spends a few moments making sure he’s comfortable in the witness box, pointing out the bottle of water should he want it and helping him to adjust the microphone so everyone can hear him. Dean sees a box of tissues strategically placed there as well. He spends a few moments smoothing open the folded papers and then he introduces himself.
Lost deep in his writing, Cas doesn’t notice that anyone has come in until a loud burst of warm laughter catches his attention. Sitting back and rolling his shoulders a little, he glances over to see a man standing at the counter talking to both Charlie and Dean. The fact that the man is clearly a firefighter--as evidenced by the utility pants and tight fitting t-shirt identifying him as such--might have concerned Cas, but the easy demeanor among the three of them speaks to anything but an emergency.
Dean ran across the street with Sam doing his best to keep up. There were no sidewalks so Cas stopped at the edge of his lawn to make sure no cars were coming down the narrow blacktop road before crossing. He heard the bang of the screen door as Mary followed Naomi inside.
“You’re right,” Billie agrees. “Being caught off guard like that each and every time would be worse. As you’ve discovered, the memories have always been there, but when they were too much to live with on a daily basis, your brain found a way to hide them when you needed to function in other parts of your life.”
Jody is at his side in a moment, crouched down with one hand on his shoulder, her voice gentle and calm and kinder than he deserves. “Okay, can you stand up? Let’s go sit in my car.” Somehow, he stumbles upright, his face still covered. He thinks he should be crying but nothing will come out, it’s all just wedged into his chest and throat, choking him like a solid mass. She opens the back door of the cruiser and he doesn't even think twice about it until she says, ”You’re not being arrested. I’m just putting you here to keep you safe.” He makes his legs bend so he can sit and he wipes at his face, where tears are streaming from his eyes even though the rest of him isn’t crying. He sees Jody crouch down to get at his eye level. “You don’t have to tell me what’s going on, but it’s clear something’s up.”
.  He swallows and studies Cas who has positioned himself at the foot of the bed like a professor leading a lecture.  Oh, maybe that’s it, Dean thinks.  Some kind of teacher/naughty student action?  Dean’s not really into role playing but he can see where this might be a kink for Cas, what with all those years in academia.  If that’s what Cas wants, well, Dean has no doubt he can muster up a little something that would require the need for discipline.  He suppresses a smile and tries to look suitably docile.
“Yeah, cause you drove across the country to find me, you stalker.” Dean’s eyes were merry, but Cas opened then closed his mouth again, any retort gone. “I’m glad you did.”
Cas ran through his catalog of memories, each one taking on a new dimension now that he had this information. “Wait, how did I not know this?”
He heads out to a bar. Not one of his usual haunts; he doesn’t want to risk running into anyone he knows. He quickly tosses back a couple of shots and soon enough he feels his shoulders start to work their way down from his ears. The burn of the whiskey is pleasant and familiar in his throat and, with the music blaring and the noise of the crowd surrounding him, he slowly starts to feel like himself again. Eventually, he swivels around on his bar stool to take stock of what his options might be. It’s easy enough. All it takes is a little prolonged eye contact and he’s got his choice of a couple of women. He spends some time deciding between the shy one who blushes and pushes back her hair or the bolder one who wets her lips and adjusts her neckline. He doesn’t really care, but putting some brain power into making the decision means less time stuck with his own thoughts.
“I appreciate it, I do.” He sighs. “Every time I tell someone new, though, it’s like I watch the light go out of their eyes, you know? I know it’s important so that I’m not carrying this alone but it sucks to watch people I love have the ground ripped out from under them.”
Dean gets why she’s asking. It’s not about doubting his story. It’s about getting the facts absolutely certain. “My brain blocked things out for a long time, but the memories are there.”
There’s no place set for her at the table, though, and he won’t open the balcony door no matter how much she explains that’s what’s supposed to happen now. When he leaves out the front door, he holds it close to himself, like he’s afraid she might try to leave with him. That’s ridiculous because someone needs to watch the house.
One stretch of shelf looks out of place. In contrast to Cas’s literature collection with their solemn, neutral covers there are three glossy paperbacks stacked in front of the shelved books. Dean picks one up. The cover shows an attractive man wearing an apron over his bare chest. He’s standing at what appears to be a farmer’s market booth, holding out a luscious looking vegetable to a pretty, dark-haired woman. The title, splashed across the cover in flowery script is
Dean misses his brother, of course, but knowing that Sam has no long-term plans to stay in Lawrence made it easier for Dean to make his own decision to leave. Sam’s sights are firmly set on the west coast for law school and it doesn’t escape Dean’s notice that Jess is also hoping to return home to California when she graduates. And while Cas’s parents will probably never completely be on board with their relationship, it seems easier for them with Dean and Cas a few states away. There are even occasional phone calls from his parents (to Cas’s cell phone only, God forbid they call the house phone where Dean might answer) and Cas reports that those talks are fairly civil.
Dean takes that in. The idea of processing the trauma sounds fucking awful. “What if I don’t want to?”
“All good,” Dean said quickly, “but, thanks. I appreciate it.” Despite the strangeness of the interaction, Dean gave Cas a genuine smile, one that had Cas smiling back warmly before he crossed the lobby to leave.
“There’s salamanders there,” Sam said, the stick in one hand and a rock in the other, “and crayfish.”
“More like a flutter. Like, it almost feels good, you know? Like when you swoop down a big hill on a roller coaster? But then it doesn’t stop.”
“Okay, first of all, I never said it was relationship advice.” Before Cas can realize his mistake, Dean continues. “Secondly, are you always this grumpy in the mornings?”
“Of course you could.” He gestures toward the front, where his Winchester Automotive car is parked. He’s been working on the Impala when he can and he’s made good progress, but he’s waiting on some replacement parts to arrive before she can be back on the roads. “C’mon, we’ll make him ride in the backseat.”
Just then a woman steps over and whips the towel off her shoulder, quickly spinning it and smacking Dean on the arm with it. “Look what the cat drug in.”
“Cas.” Her face goes serious. “There’s not a damn thing wrong with you. Hell, I wish I could be more like you in a lot of ways. But I also know that you’d like more in your life...more friends, maybe a partner. I just want to help you get that. Look, what if I get transferred? Or die? Who would you have coffee with?”
“No, not like that,” Cas says, then corrects himself. “Okay, a little bit like that. But mostly to keep the boundaries clear.”
Lady Marmalade had been so sick. Even though he knows she’s all right now, the terror of last night starts to creep back in and he feels his heart rate start to quicken. And then Dean—he pushes those thoughts away.
Cas shook his head. “I was a closeted gay religious kid with undiagnosed anxiety and depression. Somehow I don’t think I would’ve been on the Prom King’s radar.”
“You mentioned to me earlier that you felt like being here was a safe place where you could open up.”
“Oh my God,” Dean says. “Do not let your Uncle Cas hear that. If I have to hear the story one more time about how deprived he was as a child because his mother wouldn’t let him have a guinea pig.” He makes a mental note to ask Naomi for her side of the story next time he talks to her.
Maybe he should’ve said something to Bobby. He starts to think about how things might have been different if he’d been brave enough to open his mouth, to confide in someone,
“Saturday,” Cas decided. “That way if we need more time, we’ll have Sunday as well. Come to my house at like ten?”
The next morning he opens his door as usual but Cas's door remains closed. Dean goes about his morning, making his breakfast and taking the bit of chicken out of the fridge. No point in keeping it. He stops short of pitching it though, leaving the bowl on the counter to deal with after breakfast. He's a few bites into his own meal when she appears.
and Dean can’t help but smile. “You know I’m just giving you a hard time, old man. But tell me, how’s life in the big city? I heard they’ve got movin’ pictures with sound now.”
. Dean tries to sit up casually, like his heart isn’t trying to hammer its way past his ribs and out of his chest.
For the first few conversations after Cas said he wanted to go to the rally, they’d carefully steered away from the topic of meeting, like they tacitly needed to know they could still maintain what they had with this new knowledge on the horizon. Finally, Cas could hold out no longer.
Cas shakes his head a little in disbelief. “I can’t believe you stuck around after that disaster of an evening.”
Cas slides the newspaper across the table to Dean, pointing to a listing near the bottom of the page. “This one looks nice. Needs some updating but pretty much anything we’re considering will.”
Cas puts an arm around his waist. “I have no doubt Sam and Eileen did their research. Did Henry seem excited when he told you about it?”
But Dean can’t seem to move away from the door to let her pass and eventually she disappears from his sight. Dean doesn’t know where she goes and he doesn’t care. He’s got an unobstructed view of the workshop now and he can’t breathe.
Dean lets out a breath. He didn’t realize he’d sort of tensed up, waiting to hear that Chrysler’s parents didn’t know the truth, that he was afraid to tell them.
>>I may have purchased a bit enthusiastically at the organic market and these were going to go bad before I got to them.
Communicating in person is easier, he decides. He likes being able to see the effect he has on people, if they’re laughing at his jokes, if their body language is open and receptive. Kind of like when he talks to Cas lately. Maybe he was wrong about the guy not liking him. Maybe he’s just shy and awkward. Like one of those nerdy, booksmart guys. Idly, he wonders if Cas ever wears glasses. Although there’s nothing nerdy about the guy. He’s fucking ripped. Dean’s apartment overlooks the street and he’s seen Cas coming back from runs with his sweat-dampened shirt clinging to him and those unbelievable thighs.
“Ok, let me clean you off first.” Dean draws in a sharp breath at the cold touch of the wet washcloth, but once the shock is gone, it feels incredible. Cas’s touch is tender but thorough and Dean laughs when he plants a kiss on the meaty part of Dean’s ass. He massages Dean’s shoulders while he waits for his skin to dry. “You did so well.”
He wakes to Cas standing in the doorway looking as confused as Dean feels. He’s looking between Dean, who is back on his pillow, and Naomi who has slipped off her shoes and is resting against the headboard, ankles crossed and her head tipped back in sleep. As carefully as he can, Dean sits up, then gets out of bed. He tugs Cas out into the hall. “How’d it go?”
. “That one’s mine and I guess it’s close enough to be picked up by your wifi. If you want, you can print it out there.”
I just told one of my co-workers about your adventure. He asked how I knew you. I didn’t know how to answer that so now I’m hiding in the bathroom pretending I’m taking a call.
“One more,” Dean coaxes, and Cas rolls his eyes, but he takes another long smell. “Now get back to it.”
How fast would Dean change his tune then? No friendly chats at the coffee shop, no letting him connect to his printer. Cas pictures Lady Marmalade sitting sad and confused outside his tightly closed balcony door.
Dean puts on a couple of layers and tops off his coffee before heading out back. The workshop door is still closed and he hesitates outside. He briefly considers knocking on the door before muttering
“No.” Cas takes a sip of beer to buy some time. He doesn’t want to pry but he’s curious about Dean’s family. “Is she your dad’s sister or--”
Carlene just shakes her head, then gestures to herself. “It might as well have because a guy who lies about a cat? Is not getting with
“Don’t fall for that,” Dean tells her softly. “He doesn’t have anything for you.” Although, knowing Cas, he probably has a bag full of goat treats in his jacket pocket for just this occasion. Idly, he wonders if goats like stickers. Despite Dean’s warning, Georgina leaves his side to greet Cas. “Traitor,” Dean calls after her.
Dean heard the unspoken question. “It’s an excellent surprise.” He squeezed Cas’s hand. “I’m always happy when it’s just me and you, but this is fun, too.”
to be able to take care of the people in his life so who’s to say that’s not exactly what he’s doing?
a nice response, Dean reflects. Sometimes people don’t know what to do when he mentions his mom. They like to get over-the-top sympathetic, like he’s been crying non-stop over it for the past twenty-two years. Or they’ll quickly try to one-up him with some tragedy of their own. From these experiences, Dean’s learned the best response is the type he just got: a mere acknowledgement of what he’s disclosed paired with some genuine empathy. He wonders if Chrysler1930 has lost someone as well.
This seems like as good a place as any to provide some links to support/info for if you are having thoughts of suicide. It may not feel like it in the moment, but there is help to be had. https://suicideprevention.wikia.org/wiki/International_Suicide_Prevention_Directory
It was everything he’d ever wanted, the scenario he’d played out in his mind a million different times in a million different ways, but even as he tried to focus on Dean’s mouth and his hands, another part of his brain wouldn’t shut up. The one that kept pointing out that they were both drunk and that they hadn’t talked about this. Cas told the nagging voice in his head to take the night off, and threw himself instead into trying to catalog every moment, in case this was the first and last time. But that thought, the thought of this becoming something that happened, something that they never talked about again, had him pushing Dean off of him, and sitting up.
“Yeah.” Dean rubs a hand along the back of his neck. “Kinda. Why do you always have to make things weird?”
Dean flopped forward, resting his head on his folded arms. “I liked it better when I didn’t have to acknowledge this shit.”
Jody’s face softens and, to Dean’s confusion, her eyes shine with tears. “Oh, honey, nobody’s mad at you. We’re worried about you and we want you to be safe.”
“Things with you and Cas okay?” Her voice has taken on a sharper tone, now. Not harsh, but more focused.
Cas likes to tease him about the soft sound he makes when he does that, the tiny sigh that escapes his lungs each and every time. Dean didn’t even realize he did it, but he isn’t really surprised. Nothing has ever felt this right. He wouldn’t call it
Cas has had a lot of time to think about this. “He’s...a caretaker. He saw someone in need and had to step in. He’s talked a little bit about having to take care of his brother when they were young.”
“He said--and I quote--’your mom seems like someone who is used to having people do what she says.’”
Despite his mounting aggravation, he was even more glad that he’d put a stop to things last night. While Dean had clearly been looking for a good time, that experience would’ve been Cas’s undoing. It turned out the only thing worse than never getting to feel Dean’s hands on his skin or the press of his lips was getting it once and never again.
“Thank you all for coming today,” the chief begins. “I have been the chief of police for thirty-five years and, while that will be coming to an end soon, I hope you’ll indulge me for a few minutes. In my years in this position, I have learned a lot. From my fellow officers, from members of the community that we are so proud and honored to serve, and even from you, the press.” Small but warm laughter fills the room. “You all have kept me on my toes and kept me honest. You’ve asked the hard questions, questions that needed to be asked even when I didn’t want to hear them. I will miss a lot about this job when I hang up my hat, but I sure as hell won’t miss that.” Behind him, Alastair laughs easily, everything about his posture saying
“That’s best case scenario.” Charlie looked wistful. ”My parents have finally decided that this lesbian things isn’t just ‘a phase’.”
Dean whirls around, his hands hanging loose at his sides. “She was bringing her car in for service. You know how people don’t trust mechanics. That’s all this was.”
He’s been here less than six hours and he’s already being made fun of by the one person he’s had the chance to meet. Normally Cas might slink away, pretending he hadn’t heard. But he’s...what do they call it?
With effort, he pushes up off the couch to get ready for bed. In the bathroom, he thinks again about his online interaction. Maybe that’s his opening.
“You were never lacking for companionship,” Cas pointed out. “You started chasing girls and we decided we needed to do something so we wouldn’t stand out.”
He remembers the day he ran into Cas by the mailboxes. As soon as he approached, Cas seemed to be in a hurry to get away, effectively yanking his mail out of the box, scattering a few pieces on the floor as he did so. Dean bent down to help pick them up, trying to make conversation as he did, but Cas jerked his hand back when they’d reached for the same envelope, not even thanking Dean for his help.
He’d made this drive many times before, but always with his father driving as they returned home from visiting family. The last time he’d taken this route, his family had set out together, Cas confused and sullen as they pulled away from Kansas, the moving truck somewhere ahead of them. He’d shared driving duty with his mother, but instead of making him feel grown up and responsible, it only served to point out how much their lives had changed. Chuck, who had loved long drives, was delegated to the passenger seat, doing his best to keep Cas’s spirits up when he wasn’t dozing, his head tipped back against the headrest in a way that Cas found unsettling.
Cas turns to him, noting the palest of pink flush at the tips of his ears. He holds out his hand. “Castiel Novak.”
“Course I did.” To buy himself a minute, he turns back to see if Cas needs any help, but he’s got everything under control.
“Then what’s the deal? I’m tired of people asking and having nothing to tell them. For the love of God, even your mother wants to know.
“I know.  I know you didn’t.“ He pulls Cas against his chest, stroking his hair and rubbing circles between his shoulder blades. “And I would never want anybody else. I love you.“
He’s mesmerized by the destruction unfolding at his own hand, so completely focused on his task even as he sees the red and blue flashing lights of a police car pulling up. Dean doesn’t care. He keeps swinging at the car. He’s not so far gone that he can’t appreciate the symmetry of moment. Those recurring dreams he used to have, of clawing through the twisted wreckage of a car, before being pinned down by a police officer. Maybe it wasn’t a metaphor after all.
Also, twice a week I send my mom a link to the newest chapter. She's enjoying the story quite a bit. That being said:
“When you put it that way… ” Dean looks around their open downstairs. This townhouse has been their home for over a decade and while they’ve been looking at houses for all the right reasons--an extra bedroom for Sam’s son Henry to have when he comes to visit, a detached garage/workshop for Dean to have space to work on the Impala at home--he’s going to miss this place. It’s small, but it’s theirs. A place where they combined their belongings and their lives when they got married.
He stops, because the cadence doesn’t sound quite right and after a moment of hesitation outside the door he realizes Cas is on the phone.
“Gabe was eighteen when he died. I was seventeen and I had always looked up to him. When I think of an eighteen year old now, though…”
Dean shifts a little more, trying to shake himself out of this negative self-talk. Even the awareness that he’s engaged in this loop doesn’t make it any easier. In fact, he’s starting to get annoyed that Cas can’t tell that Dean’s on edge, irritable at being left alone with his brain spinning. Being trapped inside Dean’s mind isn’t a fate he would wish on anyone. Jesus, he can be such an annoying asshole. So needy half the time, always going down this road of self-destructive behavior even when he knows better.
“That makes sense, I guess. I am happy for them, it’s just...a lot.” He sighs. “How did you get so smart about this stuff?”
“Fuck,” Dean says softly, swiping quickly at one eye with the cuff of his shirt. “I could never, ever be disappointed in you, Sam. I’m happy for you, I promise. For you and Eileen both. I don’t deserve all those nice words, but I’m glad you were able to get past my bullshit and find something good for yourself.”
Charlie returns first and, after a moment of awkward silence, she tries to placate the man. “Sir, it’s very nice to--” She cuts off when the man’s head swivels toward the doorway from the garage bays where Dean is now standing.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose to stave off the headache that’s kicking in now that the adrenaline is starting to flow out. “Oh sure. Who hasn’t heard that?”
Wow, Wednesday feels like a lifetime ago. Did I even know the term "social distancing" then? How are things where you are? Schools closed here and we're all doing out best to minimize our contact with the outside world...
“I don’t think you are,” Cas says cooly, making a wave of heat flush over Dean’s entire body, despite the drafty staircase.
Cas knows Naomi is much more tech savvy than many people her age or even younger, so he has to bite his tongue at the next thing she says. “I know texting can be so convenient, but my generation is so much more used to phone calls. It seems easier all around if the two of you just communicate directly.”
He knows he only gets one and should make it last, but Dean finishes his beer in a couple of long swallows.
“Occupational hazard,” Dean says. There’s not a lot of room, but Cas sits, his back to the end of the tub and gathers Dean into his arms.
He wonders what his dad thought, though. All those times Alastair took Dean into the small bay of the garage. Dean doesn’t know how long they were there but it seemed to last forever each time. How did John Winchester never question it?
Dean crunches a chip with unnecessary force.  “Okay, fine,” he finally says.  “I might be dropping a little.”
Cas doesn’t say anything, but Dean can feel him relaxing. After a few minutes spent in silence, he uncovers his face, turning to look at Dean. “I could stand at that bar all night and nobody would even approach me, but you were there five minutes and that guy was hitting on you,” he sighs.
“I’ve got great news for you,” Dean says, trying to keep his voice light. “We are well past the point of you having to seduce me.”
He feels Cas blow out a long breath against his shoulder. “Easy for you to say. You don’t have to stand up before a crowd of people.”
With his keys in his hand, Dean moves toward his car, ready to shut himself inside, drive home, and lick his wounds. He should be used to this by now, to the way he always manages to become his own worst enemy, sabotaging relationships of all sorts. At least Dean will be the one leaving this time, that’ll make for a pleasant change. He thinks back to his first days in Linden, and the annoyance he’d felt at everyone knowing his name and his business even before he’d stepped foot in the city limits. He should’ve kept to those initial instincts, keeping to himself so that he could finish his job and get the hell out of here. Instead, he’s made a drunken spectacle of himself. After he’s gone, the people here will probably be telling that story for years to come.
Dean’s not sure why he felt the need to open up to Cas that way. He’s under no illusions about how fucked up his childhood was, but sometimes, when he’s standing under the sturdy roof of his own business and talking about how successful Sam is, it makes those days feel like ancient history. All it took today, however, was listening to Cas and Charlie talk excitedly about that damn book fair to bring it all back. He remembers kids in his class literally walking out with more books than they could carry, bragging about the ones their parents would buy for them, making plans to wheedle even more out of them. It’s not like Dean wouldn’t have loved to take a big stack home himself, but there was no way he was going to let them know that. So he did what he had to do: made fun of them for being nerds, told them how books were stupid and he’d rather do just about anything else then be caught dead reading. He knew he had to come on strong to deflect them from noticing he couldn’t afford them, that he didn’t have a parent who could come hang out at the school doing God knows what. And that didn’t even include the days he would act like the school lunch was disgusting and that’s why he wasn’t eating. All so he could put enough money aside for Sam to buy something small. He did the best he could, but he still had to listen to Sam complain that all he got was a softcover book, never one of the big, new releases. He didn’t blame Sam for that; his brother just wanted the same things his friends had.
Cas made it through the service, feigning attention as the words blurred together like his tear-filled vision. He held it together, holding his mother’s cold hand, eyes fixed forward steadfastly away from the casket.
“I could just kiss you, take my time and work my way down your body, excruciatingly slowly.” He listened to Dean breathe for a moment as he took that in. “Or…”
Dean returns with the box and sets it on the table next to the half empty plate before kneeling again. Cas opens the lid of the box. It’s mostly full, a jumble of plastic-coated clips in a rainbow of colors. He dumps the box onto the floor in front of Dean’s cushion.
Cas isn’t about to push the issue but something about it makes him bone-deep sad. Granted he’s only known Dean for a relatively short time but he’s seen the things that make his eyes light up with interest, things he’ll share knowledge about with genuine enthusiasm. Still, he rolls with the subject change. “Honestly, I don’t even know.”
He knows how to charm people, he’s de-escalated as many bar fights as he’s started, so what is it about this guy who seems not just immune to him, but to actively dislike him? It shouldn’t bother him, he’s just one out of the many people Dean comes into contact with, but somehow, the more Dean tries to be friendly, or hell, even just neighborly, the more Cas seems to want no part of it.
Dean nods. “Apology accepted.” Something tugs at his foot and he looks down to see Georgina chewing his boot lace. He hops on one foot to extricate himself. “What am I supposed to do with her?”
. He can’t even argue with her because that’s always how it’s been with them. When one of them wasn’t up to telling their mother something, they could confide in each other knowing the info would be shared without them having to deal with another difficult conversation.
“It sucked. When I came out of it, I’d somehow moved to the floor, sort of wedged between the couch and wall. But Cas was there, and he knew to sit close but not too close. He made sure not to box me in or anything and he asked before he touched me. I was still a mess, but that helped bring me out of it, I think.”
Cas looks at him with such affection that Dean feels almost naked under it. “You let yourself be vulnerable with me, and that’s more intimate than anything we do with our bodies. It’s a gift you give me, one that I treasure.”
It had left Dean with a sudden image of the two of them in brightly flowered shirts, Bermuda shorts, and flip flops. Picturing Bobby scowling at the sea with his trucker hat still planted firmly on his head, he’d snorted, catching their attention.
Ella puts a slice in a to-go box and waves Dean off when he tries to pay for it. “Welcome to Linden.”
Dean lets out a soft sound of acknowledgement and Cas’s hand glides from his shoulder, fingertips playing over his collarbone, to trace along his sternum. He lets his eyes flutter open. “I know what you’re doing.”
Which is why Cas definitely wasn’t going to mention what happened last night. Cas hadn’t questioned it in the moment---he was too stunned and it felt too good, and yes, he woke up with Dean asleep in his lap, but again, Dean was comfortable with him. Sure, Dean had rushed to shower this morning but now he seemed to be his normal self which meant he either didn’t remember or if he did, it hadn’t meant anything.
As soon as Dean does, Cas drops to his knees.  Dean blinks in surprise as Cas runs his hands up and down Dean’s thighs, kneading into the muscle there.  He’d gotten half hard just from putting on the collar and now his cock twitches.  He says a silent prayer that Cas doesn’t consider that moving.  Cas buries his face in the crease of Dean’s thigh, kissing and licking a line up to his hip bone.  Dean works to control his breathing as Cas scrapes his teeth over the bone then nuzzles across the softness of his stomach to the other side.  Cas swirls his tongue around the other hip bone and kisses his way down Dean’s thigh, stopping to suck a few bruises into the soft skin there.  Working his way back up, Cas darts his tongue over Dean’s balls before ghosting his mouth along Dean’s length.  Dean sucks in a deep breath and tightens the grip of his right hand around his left wrist.  He holds perfectly still as he feels a  kiss on the head of his cock, earning a murmured
“I can,” Cas says earnestly. “I believe that if you find the right person, someone you can be your true self with, someone whose happiness is as important as your own…well, then I think it could be the best thing in the world.”
Dean starts to laugh at the shocked, confused look on Cas’s face and he keeps on laughing even when Cas tries to regain his Dom face. He laughs and he laughs until Cas scoffs out a long breath and crawls down to take Dean’s cock in his mouth.
The three of them sit in silence for a long moment before Dean sighs. There was something else he remembered that night, something that took a backseat to the memory about his dad. A memory that literally flashed into Dean’s mind. That shop light he stared at wasn’t the only light he remembers. A camera.  “If you’re looking for proof, there are, well, there
As the months without his father piled up, Dean realized John had been dictating more than just his work life. He never would have dreamed of openly dating Benny when his dad was around and, even though it hadn’t worked out, that time they’d spent together had felt like a revelation to Dean.
From inside the mini mart, Dean can see Cas leaning against the car, head tipped back, sunglasses on. Waiting for him. Like it had this morning, his heart again nearly swells out of his chest at the sight. They’re on their goddamn honeymoon. Dean wants to tell it to every person he sees.
To Dean’s surprise, Jody smiles. “Did you ever hear about how serial killers keep trinkets from their victims?”
Cas returned to sit on the edge of the bad, calm as could be with his legs stretched out easily in front of him. He waited to speak until Dean stopped looking at his hand for clues and met his eyes.
“Until he does the only thing you can control are your own actions.” She raises an eyebrow. “Now if you’d like, we can role play a bit in here. You can say to me all the things you wish you’d said to him.”
Dean breathes sharply through his nose and tries to settle himself. His eyes squeezed shut, he feels his nipples hardening and rubbing against his t-shirt as the car rumbles across uneven pavement. When he dares to crack them open again, he finds that they’ve passed the truck. Dean’s not sure how to feel about that.
“You’re seizing the reins here,” Billie says. “It’s definitely empowering. The downside is that you no longer control who has the information and what they might do with it.”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” he almost chants, burying his face in the mattress as Cas reaches under him to undo his pants.  Cas ignores him, and pulls his hips up and his clothes down until he’s bare-assed and presenting.  Cas kneels on the bed behind him and frees his own cock again, digging the nails of the other hand into Dean’s side.
“Nah, I can finish this at home.” He looks at Cas expectantly, and Cas finds himself distracted by the clear green of his eyes and curl of his long lashes.
Before the session ends, Dean practices a few of the techniques. He names all the blue things he can see in Billie’s office. He snaps a rubber band against his wrist. He runs his hands over the texture of the cushion he’s sitting on. He feels stupid as shit. “I’m sorry but are these really going to do anything?”
“Yeah, and he’s on my last nerve. You two did it the right way… although one day Henry will be a teenager himself.”
It’s not like Dean hasn’t had the same thought. He’s kept it hidden deep down because even giving the idea sunlight makes him feel disloyal. Cas hasn’t known Dean all that long and he’s known John even less than that, but somehow he’s seen right through what’s taken Dean nearly thirty fucking years to figure out. “Sometimes I think my dad and I don’t even speak the same language,” he says to the ground, before meeting Cas’s eyes. “I’m sorry for shutting you out.”
Cas’s eyes go wide and he reaches for the envelope. Dean tries to breathe as he takes out the letter and reads it. He can see Cas’s hands trembling and he doesn’t know if that’s a good thing or not.
“Anna’s room is right there,” Dean says, flicking his eyes to the shared wall above their headboard.
The pub isn’t far, but still Cas has a few moments of heightened anxiety until he sees Dean actually pull into the parking lot. The nerves settle as soon as Dean strides across to where Cas is standing, hands in his pockets and a soft smile on his face. A few hours earlier, Cas stood outside the elementary school, phone in hand, waiting to hear from Dean that he couldn’t make it after all, but that hadn’t happened and now here he is again. Dean Winchester keeps voluntarily spending time with him and Cas doesn’t know what to do with this information--especially not after the way he’d had been so casually affectionate to scare off Marcie. That memory is already burned into Cas’s mind, thanks to the searing touch of Dean’s hand to his skin. It’s too overwhelming to think about, though, especially with the man standing directly in front of him, so Cas pushes it to the back of his mind.
. He imagines telling Cas about his mom, about his memory of her from the Drake. He thinks Cas would listen with that unwavering attention, his blue eyes zeroed in on him like what Dean has to say is worth hearing.
“Your daddy did, though.” He waits for Dean to nod. “That’s what Sam told me. I always wondered how he kept that job. I knew he was still drinking, still barely being a parent, but it didn’t seem to matter. I only wanted to focus on the positives, but all the while he was serving you up to that monster on a silver platter.” They sit in silence, neither of them drinking the coffee that’s cooling in their cups. “If John was still alive, I would tear him apart with my bare hands.” There’s a sharp glint of anger in Bobby’s eye and his voice is cold fury. “There is no place in hell bad enough for him.”
Cas teased his mother, but it was borderline embarrassing how she fussed over Dean. While Cas was happy he and Dean were in a good place right now, it felt like his mom wanted them to be little boys again, ready to run out the front door and climb the tree. Cas wasn’t a child. Applying to college was right around the corner and as much as he loved his life in Kansas, he was feeling ready to move on. He had his sights set on a big school, the biggest he could get into, where he wouldn’t have to hide who he was, or at least maybe not as much. It was exciting and exhilarating and a little bit terrifying.
Dean took a few steps closer to the trunk and tried again. This time he got his feet braced on the first try. He squirmed and shifted, until he was able to get one leg slung across the branch, then heaved himself over until he was lying face down on it, both arms wrapped around like he was hanging on for dear life. Sam looked up at him with concern. Catching his breath, Dean walked his hands back bit by bit until he’d pushed himself to a sitting position, then wriggled backwards until he was safely up against the trunk. Cas smiled down at him from his perch, his feet swinging in the air. “That’s my room,” he said, pointing to his house. His window was directly over the front porch, framed by the triangle of the roofline. “I’m not used to it so I keep hitting my head on the slanted ceiling.”
Cas smiles and reaches for his hand.  “I’m glad you admitted it.  I knew if I brought it up, you’d deny it.”
Apparently Cas had been watching because he settled himself in such a way that prevented Dean from even the slightest hint of friction on his cock. Cas knelt over him, blue eyes boring into Dean’s, hard cock bobbing just out of reach of Dean’s mouth. With so much he ached to touch and taste, frustration washed over Dean and he wouldn't apologize for the whimper that escaped.
Under different circumstances, he might be able to laugh about this, but the tingling burn of his ass from Benny’s deliberate and decisive smacks was almost more than he could bear. His brain was about to short circuit as every inch of him was stimulated. (Well, every part except his cock, no doubt hard enough to split logs to keep the fire going.)
Dean has to stop himself from smiling because at this rate, what with all the hesitation and tentative suggestions, Cas is going to be the Worst. Dom.
He considers a sad face emoji or maybe the one with the thermometer in its mouth, but he isn’t sure Balthazar’s the emoji type.
He presses the tip of the plug to Dean’s entrance, amazed as always at how Dean’s body yields and takes it in, working it slowly but steadily until it’s fully seated. Dean shifts a little bit and Cas lays a comforting hand on his hip, waiting for him to adjust to the new fullness. Dean doesn’t say a word, but Cas watches for his shoulders to relax and then he begins to move it around. He twists it in slow circles, tugging at it and pushing it back in.
It’s just that if he allows these feelings of anger to come to the surface, then he’s going to splinter what little remains of his family. Besides, whatever he thought he might have had with Cas was merely a possibility, a fantasy like the type Cas writes. He doesn’t know the real Dean. As much fun as it’s been getting to know the guy, now that Cas has a front row seat to all the bullshit Dean has on his plate, odds are he'll be glad to cut his losses before he gets in too deep. It’s better in the long run. Relationships are temporary; everyone knows that. Family is forever.
Licking his swollen lips, Dean shuffles closer. The denim of Cas’s jeans brushes against his achingly hard cock and he suppresses a shudder. There are no longer hands in Dean’s hair, nothing to guide him or ground him, but it’s clear what Cas wants him to do. Pressing nearer, Dean straddles Cas’s leg, shifting his hips to press against his shin. He rocks against it, the denim rough, but the contact welcome. The angle is off, though, making it hard to get anything really going, and he feels sweat bead and trickle between his shoulder blades as he works harder, rutting his hips faster even as a whimper of frustration escapes his lips. He drops his forehead to Cas’s thigh, the rough friction too much and not enough. A moment later there are strong fingers under his chin, forcing his eyes up. It’s worse this way, with nowhere to hide, but it’s better too, because he can see the strength and the love in Cas’s eyes, anchoring him and giving him the drive to keep going. Arching his back, Dean stops worrying about anything other than pleasing Cas. He focuses on the orgasm that’s teasing around at the edges of his being, throwing himself into the task as he chases it, single-mindedly thrusting against Cas’s leg. His breathing turns into sharp grunts and when Cas strokes his thumb along Dean’s jaw, Dean cries out as he comes, spurting hot onto his own chest and the leg of Cas’s jeans.
It’s an innocent enough question, but they already greeted each other before the concert started and suddenly Dean can’t help but wonder if this is something more. He asked Sam not to say anything, but why else would Eileen be making a special point of checking in like this? He works his jaw for a moment. “All good. You?”
She listens intently, making all the right sounds of sympathy and outrage at the appropriate moments. It makes Cas feel slightly better to put it all out there and not be the only one carrying its weight. “I guess that’s that,” Cas finishes.
“Okaaaaaaay,” she says slowly. “Are you gonna ask me about blowjobs or something because that’s even more off base than trying to impress me with your so-called good looks.”
Every part of his being is urging Dean to go to him, to fling himself into Cas’s arms, but it can’t be that simple. Not when he’s lied to Cas. Not when he’s deceived him. Instead, he scrambles to a sitting position, the headboard tightly pressed against his back. Cas has seen him naked a thousand times, but Dean yanks the sheet over himself. “I can explain.”
Cas holds open the door for him, a bit of hysterical relief coursing through him. “Let’s see if I can manage not to concuss you with your own door.”
Dean relaxes because leave it to Cas to be organized about this.  “You’re right.  So, like a schedule or something?”
I'm pretty sure Oregon is moving to shelter in place tomorrow...considering I still see so many people out congregating when I got for walks, I'm all for it. None of this works if people decide it doesn't apply to them.
Charlie still works with him, her flair for organization keeping things running smoothly. In fact, it had been her idea to host the signing for Cas’s third book at the flower shop. It hadn’t even occurred to Dean, although it should have, considering there’s a small table tucked in the corner where Cas tends to sit and write most days, close enough that Dean can stop and drop a kiss to the top of his head as he’s lost in thought.
Grabbing the file he’s been looking for, Dean straightens up and slams the drawer shut. He barely spares the two of them a glance. “I can’t do this right now.”
Dean doesn’t consider himself the blushing type but what’s he supposed to do when Cas says shit like that?
“Turns out plenty of people do. From the way he talks, he’s not lacking for companionship.” Cas has heard Dean regaling people in the coffee shop with his wild nights out. He doesn’t mean to eavesdrop, but Dean doesn’t seem to be shy about sharing the details. Cas wonders what it would feel like to be so comfortable in his own skin, to choose to put himself out into noisy bars and crowded clubs, just in search of a good time. The amount of confidence and self-regard it must take is nearly unfathomable to him. It’s not lost on him that he spends his days holed up in front of his laptop creating stories that he himself would never live. For every formal ball or ice skating date he imagines down to the very last detail, it’s just him and his computer. And Lady Marmalade, when she isn’t at Dean’s.
“Well, first I tried not to laugh, but then I decided to play it up. I argued back and accused them of not trusting me. And when that didn’t work, I accused them of not trusting
“You’re supposed to be a writer,” he mutters to himself as he backspaces over his last attempt. “Write something that isn’t shit.” He tries again.
been pretty difficult to live with lately. He should probably be doing more to make things easier for Cas. “It still needs some time to cook, though, if you wanna go change first.”
His colleague takes the napkin from him and, to his surprise, she begins to laugh. Before excusing herself to go clean up in the bathroom, she leans in slightly to murmur, “Oh thank God, you’ve given me an escape.”
Sam’s eyes go hard. “No. You say that but the truth of the matter is that I was the fortunate one. Between you and mom sacrificing for me, I had the time and resources to succeed. If you’d had them, you could’ve been anything you wanted.”
“Even though you now have a name for what was happening, recognized it, and found a way to stop it.” There’s a slight arch to her eyebrow.
When Cas gets his ring from Anna, his hand is shaking but his voice is sure. “This is my beloved and this is my friend. With this ring, I marry you and join my life to yours.”
“Maybe that’s what went wrong with Benny. Maybe the timing wasn’t right but… maybe he just wasn’t the right one.”
“I’m just worried that she’ll have a bad time.” Cas says, still staring out the window toward the tracks.
So, of course, Dean shoves the pillow off his face and sits up, switching the bedside light on as dramatically as he can. “Cas, if you don’t want to get married, I wish you’d just say so.”
They posed for the cameras, and when Dean stopped to straighten Cas’s flipped over tie, Cas felt the press of his fingers long after they were gone.
“Hello, Dean. How are you?” He can feel an edge to her voice, like maybe he’d only call with bad news.
The food is plentiful and good and there’s a beautiful cake with two grooms perched on top. People clink their forks against their beer bottles and Dean and Cas have to stop and kiss each time they do. It’s hokey and dumb and Dean can’t stop smiling.
Whether or not Dean answers doesn’t matter, Cas tells himself, turning back to his document. He’ll know Cas is thinking about him and hopefully that will help.
Dean still goes to work and Cas wanders down to the coffee shop, the only thing different is now when Dean brings him his coffee, he gets a kiss with it. Rowena and Jack tease Dean mercilessly and it makes Dean blush and also kiss him a second time.
“Any place that’s willing to be open all night to help animals has to be okay.” Dean’s trying his best to be confident and reassuring. He doesn’t know if anything he’s saying is helpful or even accurate, but Cas pulls in a deep breath and nods.
Dean goes, part of him grateful for the break, but a much bigger part of him adds it to the tally of his failures, both old and new. If there’s one thing Dean can claim, it’s consistency. There’s no situation too big or too small for him to fuck up.
By the time they get to the coffee shop, there are about a dozen people there, and a handful of smaller tables have been pushed together to give people space to work. A stack of blank poster board sits at one end and cups full of sharpies and markers are interspersed along the tables. There’s even a set of poster paints and a few brushes.
“It’s weird, huh? But cool.” They sit for a moment in silence until Charlie asks him the million dollar question. “So what are you going to do?”
They worked side by side, the distraction seemingly good for Dean’s nerves. Cas voiced his irritation at the perfect bows Dean tied effortlessly and watched as Dean regained some of his typical cockiness. When they were done, there was a moment of awkwardness, but Dean said he was going to try to nap. Cas agreed it was a good idea and closed his own eyes, but he was unable to sleep, aware of the way their legs and shoulders were in almost constant contact. He knew it was wrong to wish for more turbulence but he couldn’t stop thinking about Dean’s fingers gripping his wrist and wondering what it might feel like to have their hands clasped. Cas dozed off imagining stroking his thumb over Dean’s knuckle while whispering words of comfort to him.
Back home that night, they get into bed together and Dean rolls onto his side, propped up on one elbow to look down at Cas. “How’d I get so lucky to find you?”
Well, the good news is that Cas hadn’t ruled it out completely. Dean wonders what he’s got going on today. Not that he’s been listening but it’s been pretty quiet downstairs. And he clearly didn’t have plans with Meg. Maybe he’s going out with someone else. Which is fine, of course. Perfectly fine. For fuck’s sake, Dean’s making plans to meet a guy he sort of has a crush on anyhow. Maybe he should take this one day (and one person) at a time.
“You say that now,” Dean says, and it feels odd to be discussing this while he’s still straddling Cas’s thighs, but Cas has a firm hand along his waist and it makes Dean feel braver. “You’ve been really open about what you want and...this is bound to wear off.”
Cas stares down at his phone. The surge of excitement that had come with seeing Dean’s name has quickly plummeted into cold nausea. He reads the message once, twice, and then again to be sure he understands and then he drops his phone face down onto his desk.
“Well, sure, son.” He nudges the box across the table and this time Henry studies them intently before choosing one.
Cas grabbed the phone. “We’ll call you tomorrow, Charlie.” He stabbed at the button to hang it up. Dean was still there, still right in his personal space. Cas waited a moment to see if he’d move back. When he didn’t, Cas kissed him.
He says it with such pride that Cas doesn’t have the heart to tell him that he’s always tossed her a treat as he walks out the door, just after he picks up his keys. He makes a mental note to reward her for coming back so that she’ll continue the association and not demand more from Dean. “She is. So smart that I’m never completely sure if I’ve trained her or she’s trained me,” he says.
Also, he now has an official name for what happened to him: dissociative amnesia. Billie had introduced it in their third session.
might be a bit of a stretch. Cas had to basically play mad libs with Dean to understand what the hell he was getting at, but none of that matters now because they’re on the same page about dating.
Bad night for sleeping. I love that moment of coming out of the theater and blinking into the sunlight again. Or realizing day has turned to night while you were inside.
Cas pulls into the parking lot at Winchester & Son then sits in his car telling himself nothing ventured, nothing gained. He nods decisively, grabbing his bag and getting out of the car. Pulling open the door, he hears the chime and then Charlie is looking at him from behind the counter, her eyes wide with alarm. “The Nissan, right? Did it break down again?”
to him. He’d done that to her. He clenched his hands into fists, digging his nails into his palms until the sob that threatened to push its way out of his throat subsided.
Immediately Cas tries to placate him. “Look, Dean, I know I can’t even come close to understanding what you’ve gone through—what you’re
“I know, but we could go right now.” He gestures to the overturned chair, then back to Dean still on the floor. “This feels like an emergency.”
“Oh my God, I missed one Sunday. But I promise the pizza Benny ordered as a thank you for helping him move had nothing on your cooking.”
“You don’t have to apologize,” Cas assures him. “But I’m sorry, too. What I said before wasn’t helpful.”
“Listen,” Dean begins. Cas listens. “Uh, actually I got nothing, you’re probably right.” Cas, the fucker, radiates smugness. “My point is, why did she ask if I turned gay?”
“On a scale of buying an oversized cupcake to getting beat up outside a bar, this isn’t the worst way you’ve ever marked Gabe’s birthday.”
As Cas watches, the man approaches the little flower vase by the register. He picks it up, turning it this way and that as he examines the flower inside. He puts it down heavily enough that Cas is afraid the glass will shatter, but it seems to be alright.
He tried it their way, but this is his life and he knows what his limits are. There’s no coming back from this. He tried, he really did. Cas will be sad, he imagines, but he’ll also feel relieved, the weight of caring for Dean lifted off of him. Cas loves calm, he loves an orderly life, he’s a
“Cool,” Dean says, but he stays where he is. “We’ve also got some new almond croissants. There are samples up at the register, if you’re interested.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Cas asks Dean as he’s packing up his computer on the day of the talent show. Despite the fact that they’ve been texting every day and getting along great, the more Cas thinks about his mom putting Dean on the spot, the worse he feels. Plus, who the hell knows what Naomi might say this time. It’s enough to have him deciding he needs to give Dean an out. “I know things have been busy around here and--”
Cas moved closer and answered him with a kiss. Dean’s lips were as soft as he remembered, only this time he was clear-headed and they both knew what it meant. “The other night,” he began.
In the time it takes for him to shovel the back steps, check on her, and come back inside, Cas is sleeping again. Dean cleans up the kitchen then tiptoes into the bedroom to grab something to sleep in before heading up the stairs. Exhaustion is dragging him under, every movement taking focused effort, and he falls into the bed gratefully. He’s got the beginnings of a headache and he works on relaxing his neck and shoulders. He tries to think about kissing Cas, the feel of his lips and the touch of his gloved hands, but he can’t make that image stay. Each time, it’s replaced with his body being flung backwards and blood in the snow.
“You’re right about that. And poor Dean had to grow up way too fast as a result. You know,” she continued, like she could read Castiel’s mind and knew another accusation was about to be thrown. “When we first met Mary and John, they were the sweetest couple. So in love. He doted on those boys and he would’ve moved heaven and earth for them. The way things fell apart, well, they were both in over their heads. I’m not sure you can place the blame on either one of them.”
Sam tells Henry he can have some iPad time and there’s a part of Dean’s brain free enough to realize that, despite the earlier scare, this is going down as one of Henry’s best days. Pizza, all this extra screen time,
“What’s he got that I don’t have?” he asks her, as she scurries out the door, tail held high like a flag. “Okay, you’re right. That was a dumb question.” Hell, half the time Cas can’t believe Dean wants to spend time with
Standing there, his rage builds as he listens to the end of the conversation. When Cas says goodbye, Dean drops the laundry basket. It hits the floor with a loud bang and a second later Cas pulls open the office door. He regards Dean with that same guarded look he’s been walking around with, the creases deep between his brows.
Dean bites his tongue to keep a straight face. “I’ve already hit the silent alarm. They’ll be here any moment.”
He knows Cas would understand, but it makes Dean feel disloyal to his dad to think about sending a message like that. Hell, he hasn’t even told Sam that their dad is back yet. No doubt Sam would reply with the exact same sentiment Dean wants to send to Cas.
Dean takes a deep breath and opens his eyes. There, sitting on his kitchen floor casually licking a front paw, is an orange cat.
With practiced, effortless ease, they undress each other, hands skimming smoothly over bare skin, mouths finding sensitive spots: the shell of Cas’s ear, Dean’s collarbone… they know each other inside and out.
Back in the living room, they sit and Jody asks Dean to tell them everything. He does, starting at the beginning. How he thought it was one of them stopping to say hello but it turned out to be Alastair and Crowley instead, how Alastair made sure to let Dean know he had so much info about Henry. His voice starts to shake when he relates how Henry didn’t think twice about approaching the car when Alastair beckoned him over. They listen in silence and Dean’s ready to confess how he grabbed Henry to drag him away when Jody stops him.
“I do. And I’m--” Cas swallows hard around the sudden lump in his throat. “I’m so grateful to have you.”
“A mom’s night out where I’d come and read from my book. It seems to involve a lot of wine drinking.”
“I guess.” Dean reaches for the bag again. “Lemme go brush my teeth and then you can tell me about your day.”
That was all Cas needed, that acknowledgement that they could do it differently if it made him more comfortable.
Alone, Cas stroked a hand over Dean’s shoulder, trailing down his arm to lace their fingers together. “I don’t like keeping things from you.”
“Pull it together,” he says to himself through gritted teeth. “You’re not the one who got shot today.” He takes a couple of deep breaths then hurries downstairs to see what Cas needs, happy to busy himself by wrapping a bag of frozen vegetables in a kitchen towel to create a makeshift ice pack.
“Oh no, I’m sorry. You okay now?” Cas reaches a gentle hand to Dean’s forehead, like maybe he has a fever.
“I should have—wait.” Cas pushes up on one elbow to look at him.  “Are you saying you intentionally provoked me?”
Dean knows that moving ranks high on the list of life stressors (seriously, Cas printed out a list he found on the internet and gave it to him) so he’s still making monthly check-in phone calls to Tessa, with the understanding that he’ll find somebody local to talk to if they both decide that’s what he needs. So far, though, it’s gone remarkably smoothly. Dean likes Ann Arbor. It’s a lot like Lawrence in the sense that both towns—at least the campuses, anyhow— are filled with liberal, open-minded people and he and Cas can be completely open about their relationship without anybody batting an eye. He likes his job. They’ve made friends with Benny, who works at the garage with him, and his wife Andrea. And Chuck who lives in the other half of the duplex and Hannah who may or may not be his girlfriend. (Dean and Cas spend an inordinate amount of time trying to decide whether or not they’re dating.)
He works his jaw, almost wishing he had something jammed in his mouth so that it would be one less body part to fidget. Then he thinks about how fucked up that is, like he can’t even take care of himself, like he needs to be some sort of freakish ventriloquist dummy for Cas. Or something. That doesn’t even make sense, really, and Dean huffs out a breath at his inability to think what he means. He tries another deep, calming breath but this time the ropes feel like they’ve tightened, compressing against his torso, restricting his breathing.
Without meaning to, he thinks about Cas sitting beside him on that curb, about him holding out a hand to help Dean up. About the feel of his palm on Dean’s ankle as he untied his boot laces. Jesus, Dean’s swooning over an ankle touch like a Victorian woman in need of a fainting couch. Or something. Does it count if it’s his own ankle?
“That’s cool. I’ve got a nephew who can’t keep his nose out of a book. Maybe I’ll pick it up for him.”
Dean grins, picturing Cas glaring at his phone, waiting with clenched jaw for it to ring. He pockets his phone and ambles inside to fix himself some lunch, putting his music back on at full volume. Barely ten minutes later he nearly jumps out of his skin when there’s a pounding at the front door.
“She’s only here for the weekend.  And if she’s like every other college student I know, she’s got everything crammed into a backpack,” Dean says.  “Honestly, she’s probably just going to be happy to be out of the dorms for a few days.”
Dean cracks the tiniest smile. “You think that worked?” He’s flying high, the adrenaline coursing through his system.
“Honestly, I’m thrilled he has something else in his life besides work. It’s a hard, lonely career he’s chosen and if he has someone to share that with, it can only be a good thing. And we both know he’d never take time to go away for the weekend or take a class without Eileen’s influence.”
He lays a hand on Dean’s heart, feels his still-racing pulse. “You are the greatest gift I’ve ever been given.”
“So, what’s the deal with--” Dean begins but he cuts off again because the woman is making her way back to Cas’s side, this time with two water bottles.
He clenches and unclenches his fists a few times to try and dispel the heated outrage running through him because that’s not going to get him anywhere. He’s here to show Dean that not everything has changed. That Cas is still here for him in whatever way he’ll accept. He opens up his laptop and tries to focus.
That’s more like it and Dean does. When they’re both finally at the table, Dean takes a drink from his mug. His swallow burns its way down his throat but it’s not from how hot and strong the coffee is. He warms his hands on the mug and says, “I can explain.”
“You’re perfect,” Cas breathes, and Dean relaxes again. Cas leans closer to his screen. “Are your nipples already hard? Just from this?”
Sam, Bobby, and Ellen had no qualms about telling Dean exactly what they thought about John’s actions. Part of Dean reveled in their anger and outrage, but it was hard to embrace it fully because deep down Dean blamed himself for not having been enough to keep his father around.
“What happened?” There’s a rough edge to Cas’s voice, like he’s prepared to come in guns blazing or swinging a sword or something and that allows Dean a weak laugh for the first time since this happened.
