They walk in. The inside was empty save for an old woman praying to the candles on the left side of the narthex and three people further in. At the middle of the transept is pastor Jim Murphy (the appointed supervisor) talking to two tall men; one had long brown hair, and the other, short and honey-blond. Probably another Servant-Master pair.
“My dads would ask each other out on a date and they’d always end up doing simple things around the house or with me and Claire and Ben or my uncles,” he started. He could feel Jesse silently asking him
“Please excuse Ms. Waiting-for-a-lawsuit here,” Ben quipped as he wiped his mouth with a napkin, balled it, and threw it at Maggie. “She’s perpetually high.”
“Hey,” Jesse fake protests. He snaps his fingers and the phone is back in his hand. “I think it’s adorable. Besides, look at this.”
Sam manages to manually turn off the alarm system in the control room and is on the phone with someone. Eileen is immediately on the magical typewriter the Men of Letters use to safely contact other chapter houses. Dean leaves and comes back with a blanket for Cas who is still feeling the effects of the surge of energy just now.
Lisa perfectly knew that Ben wouldn’t be as happy as he is now if she and Dean didn’t break up that very night. Her son had an older sister and a brother that has his back. Did she want a regular nuclear family for her kid? Yes. But that was what
when he put an end to the Purgatory Incident. Villain is just not a term she would use to describe Dean.
The golem tries pulling on the door handle but it was locked so Aaron tries to pick it. He brings out his tools and then suddenly the Golem grabs him by the shoulders again. He looks up and sees lights flashing an unnatural purple through the windows and the voice of a woman screaming is growing louder and louder.
He extends a finger towards the stack at the far end of the coffee table. A sheet from the lower pages flies towards Jack, “That’s why.”
A grenade launches at the two and Angel immediately covers the Hunter with his wings. Frankenstein makes a break for it and runs away, unknowingly running towards the positioned cops.
Castiel clasped his fingers together and rested them on the table; just beyond the half-eaten burger, forming a wall to keep Dean away. “Excuse me?” he asked.
Jody ran an all-girls boarding house for college students and Claire was her second bed spacer. Another girl named Alex being the very first. Jody used to be a sheriff who was friends with uncle Bobby and uncle Rufus. But when her work got the best of her, she resigned, packed her things and moved several states away. She doesn’t like talking about her past life and neither Claire nor Alex ever really pressed her about it.
Jack notices his Servant suddenly become excited at the mention of the name. “And they agreed?” he questions further.
(William and Ellen Harvelle). In the background: Ellen was on the floor, clutching her husband Bill’s lifeless body, as Rufus and Bobby protect them. The Hunter is closer to the camera, engaged in combat with
“Unfortunately for me, whatever fundamental forces in the universe that saw Eileen resurrected, has closed that loophole in life,” she adds.
Eileen raises a finger, catching everyone’s attention. She reads the newly produced paper from the typewriter, “Mick says their satellite readings indicate high amounts of CMB radiation in Uluru. An entire low-pressure area was dispersed in a matter of seconds. And a moment after the spike it rose again but nearly not as much.”
Gabriel’s abilities are similar to Jesse Turner’s, he ponders. He wonders if the only real difference is their mastery of it. As if on cue Gabriel walks in, snaps his fingers, and the table sets itself forthright.
Cas snaps out of his disappointment in Dean, hearing Sam’s words. “You have a dungeon?” he asks, eyes in more shock than curiosity.
Two pairs of saturnine wings far wider than he or any of their siblings could hope to have, now disappear into the distance. Gadreel is also the tallest among them, with a stocky build to accommodate his hefty pinions. He can see why people call his brother
“Like I said,” Claire gave Kaia a side-eye. “We’re making dinner. What’s this for?” she asked, holding up a bowl of diced meat.
He’s sitting on an unused tower crane, his Marvelous Marvin lunchbox beside him. Jack asked the operator if they were going to use it in the next fifteen minutes. When the startled man managed to say “No” after ten whole seconds, he had perched on the jib.
, Sam! He is the reason Charlie had to leave us and work for Cas in the first place. And when I found out he was going to
(who his father apparently has a romance with). It was a legacy title used by different people—in succession—who all ‘hunted’ down criminals. He wonders if they were all related somehow?
“Five dollars for four!” he exclaims. One carrot almost falls to the floor but he manages to bend backward quick enough that his forearm catches it. “Whoops!” he says, laughing breathily.
lets the silver gleam of moonlight wash over him. He’s on a cliffside in Perth, overlooking the Indian Ocean shimmering in the cloudless navy sky. Along the coast, residential houses twinkled like lightning bugs.
The boy takes a sip of the glass of water Jesse didn’t notice he was holding. “I can see that,” the boy states. “You were flickering in and out.”
He steps out of the car and into the garage of a turn of the century bunker left to his family by his grandfather. He and his brother consider this building both home and base of operations. From the outside, it looks like an abandoned warehouse facility but inside it’s actually a maze of rooms that extends several sublevels deep. His dad said his great grandfather and his colleagues were doomsday preppers and they blew all their fortunes on building the Bunker. Their names are still etched on a plaque in the library.
The Hunter jumps inside the vehicle, grabs the breather, and throws it outside. Angel spins forward to catch the
It took me so long to update this fic. I've been busy with a lot of othee projects. Anyway, here's CASTER. I hope you like, and don't forget to bookmark and leave a kudos if you do.
“I thought differently and I didn’t have powers. That’s why I became a lawyer,” Sam coos. “Not that that stopped Dad. But Dean—Dean inherited mom’s strength, so he trained. Probably thought he’d be the Hunter after dad retired but then Yellow Eyes killed him. Dean was furious and it, in a way, desensitized him to violence.
A hearty laugh escaped Dean. A little too loud for him as he sat directly to his right. “Have I ever told you how—even before we got our shit together—your dad loved to look at me too?” He clapped his hand at his son’s back, “Would stare at me while I wasn’t looking and kept at it even when I took notice!”
“It caught me off-guard,” Jesse admits. He isn't particularly squeamish, but he doesn't believe in attacking people who are unable to defend themselves. Call it principle, but he's been hunted down from Nebraska to Sydney to Timbuktu, he knows the feeling of being helpless in situations never in his favor.
Jesse was caught off-guard. He looks around and stares at multiple things, then he sees the multiple stacks of paper, and finally he breathes.
Jack basked in the ghostly light from the glow-in-the-dark stars on the ceiling of his room. He stared at the large Star Wars logo at the center of the stickers above him, a franchise he loved from his parents’ time. Dinner earlier was fun and it wasn’t often his dads reminisced about their past. Uncle Sam said that the world wasn’t kind to his dads growing up. He knew from his History classes that the world then wasn’t at all kind to people like him and his dads, to women like auntie Rowena, to uncle Rufus personally.
This new suit is so far-removed from his original uniform but it is still truthful to his original vision. And in this moment, seeing the proud look in his son’s eyes, Castiel feels most powerful.
Dean knew Meg before he knew Cas. She was Yellow Eyes’ daughter. But he didn’t have beef with her. And they didn’t have much in common either so he just left her alone. Well, except for one thing: they both learned the art of torture from the
“If I recall correctly, it was you who angrily yelled “No one kisses Cass but me” when Bartholomew attempted to at the hallway in our senior year.” Castiel countered.
retiring. But fighting in a uniform takes time to get used to as well,” he says, pointing finger guns at her. “So, I had Bobby bring them in.”
“That boy is foolish, lady Delphine,” the Golem says, earning an eye-roll from Aaron. “But he is reliable,” it adds which immediately turns Aaron’s mood around.
“Well, let’s get home,” Gabriel says, putting an arm around Jack. “Your dad has something that could cheer you up.”
He cared for her but he didn't love her (romantically, at least). So, she never told him she was pregnant. She admits, it was a selfish decision back then. She would’ve given anything for Ben to have a complete family. But by the time she got the sense to tell him, it was too late. She told him he died in a hunting accident a year after he was born.
“I just—I never encountered your name in my studies before,” Jack divulges. “I guess there’s just so many Servants that there’s really no way to observe and record each and every one,” he says, mostly to himself. He might bring it up with Lord El-Melloi after the War.
“The building complex from a few days ago was destroyed by pure white light,” Meg says. “Probably by the woman who broke Clarence.”
Sam closes his hand into a fist and raises it beside his head, the Command Spells facing Dean. “With my first Command Spell…”
Jesse’s face is suddenly lit up when the boy’s eyes glowed gold for a whole second. “There I undid whatever I did.”
“Relax!” Jody assured him, her voice higher than it was a few moments ago. “Nothing my mom voice can’t handle.”
.” But their initial arrangement came crashing down when Yellow Eyes became impatient and kidnapped and tortured Castiel. Meg’s world—built on loyalty and her (misguided) code of honor—crumbled and she let Castiel free. Since then, she has been trying hard to white out all the red in her ledger.
When Vader’s helmet got struck, his right eye exposed for all the world to see, Jack imagined his eyes glowing as well.
Jack turns to look at his father. “Can I try it on?!” Jack says, awaiting his father’s confirmation.
He was as shocked as Jesse was. For a moment Jesse didn’t think it was Castiel because he didn’t have any wings. But the man said his name, “Jesse Turner?”
“That’s not what I meant,” Sam’s fists closing in on each other. “What if other Supers decide he’s not the hero everyone thinks he is just because you managed to take down Eldon Styne together? What if the government decides the same?”
He’s been awake for three hours now, excited that his father would let him come on patrol today. He hopes he gets to save someone. Or hopes he doesn’t have to, saving means there’s a threat to people’s safety.
Bobby shakes his head, “This is a working prototype from a line I’m currently working on. Had it customized to what Dean thought you wanted.”
The bully turned to look at the other boy with him and spoke loudly for everyone in the hallway to hear. “Did you hear that? He called Winchester handsome.”
Castiel can’t deny the roses rubbing his cheeks. But his relationship with Dean isn’t the purpose of this conversation. “Claire, listen. Dean’s… methods are unacceptable and I’ve never tolerated his violent ways.”
. He and the boy were sitting across each other at the table. When he downs the glass, he notices the boy’s slate blue eyes boring into his skull.
Aaron sends out a soft burst of magical energy around the area. It’s weak enough to be imperceptible but it will tell him if there any people containing magic circuits nearby, like a magical sonar. He nearly shouts, frightened because of the large hand suddenly perched on his shoulder. He turns around and sees the Golem, surprisingly quiet despite it’s 7’ height and large build.
She ran and ran until she hit the back-end of a tan trench coat and pulled on the fabric. The man turned and she recognized his face from all the photos hanged on the walls of their house and the albums that her mother kept at the back of the cabinet in their room. “Daddy!” she called out.
“We can make it,” Jack says. He grabs onto Angel’s shoulder and then they immediately show up in the scene.
“Back when I was alive, I killed him twice. The second time I got myself killed but I blew him up with his entire ship,” she says as if murder-suicide is a simple matter.
He spent the next hour taking a bath, fixing his hair, and fitting into his uniform. The armor (though form fitting) is hard to fasten on when he did it alone. He stood in front of his mirror for fifteen minutes, just staring at his reflection.
“Thank you, Rowena,” Castiel says, his hand taking Rowena’s in a tight squeeze. “I hope Gabriel has tol—"
He enters the establishment, takes off his visor, and makes his way to the front desk, and he greets Pamela with a smile. He takes his time looking at her, unsure if only he could feel the awkward tension.
“Kelly—my mom—didn’t make it,” Jack was pulled from his thoughts by the mention of his late mother. “She wanted Castiel to raise me but my grandparents only relented until he got a decent job.”
Jack opened his mouth to speak, he was sure he had an answer. But as he tried to give an answer his eyes found the bowl of menudo and his lips shut tight.
Clive leans back on his chair and he laughs, turning almost as red as the apple in Charlie's hand. He contains his laughter and looks at her with a fondness he never knew he'd ever have. “That's an amazing deal, Charlie.”
“Say hello to Jack for me when you get home,” says Gadreel as he jumps down from the building, spreading his four broad wings, flying off to where Charlie would next take him.
That absolutely sends Dean to great heights. He’s practically bursting. “I can’t believe this, Sammy. You know what this means?”
Claire pulls herself up and kicks off her boots, “So, is this just a location update? Nothing else, o dear cowardly Master in hiding?”
His son looks up at him, his entire face wet with tears. Angel can see the bloodshot eyes underneath the mask. “If I was just a little closer to the building—” Jack wasn’t even able to finish the sentence.
Sam’s words reverberate throughout the entire Bunker. And the infallible magic of the Command Spell surges towards Dean like an entire ocean crashing on him.
“Claire, you’re not making things harder for Jody are you?” Dean asked his daughter. Claire sensed an
“Local police have been notified and on the way to the scene,” Gabriel states, wiping some leftover jelly smeared on his plate and licking his finger.
suit down to the Garrison yesterday. So why not make a second stop. And don’t worry. Seems like your dad still doesn’t know a thing.”
Jesse appears in front of him, wearing a different set of denim clothes, but still the same boots, “Hey, Jack.”
This will be the first time he’ll be doing a summoning ritual, and he doesn’t want to overload his magic circuits. So every part of the circle was planned and every bit of the incantation and fossil was analyzed and researched.
Meg and Castiel turn to look at each other and Meg whispers something to Sam. Dean slams his hand on the table. “Hey, share it to the class!” he demands.
Hello, guys! I'm posting back-to-back chapters today because of the lack of updates in the past few weeks. This Chapter is posted alongside the next one "Lancer" I hope you like it and don't forget to leave a kudos if you do! As usual, there are notes at the end for things that I didn't explain in the chapter itself.
When he manages to catch up to Angel, he flies faster and does odd twists and turns. The Superhero would close his wings and dip down and then glide right above the city line, and he would fly in between the buildings. He’d occasionally slow down and greet office workers with a wave and then speed away before they can even take a photo. And Jack sees what he was doing. He was testing his maneuverability in the air and sharp turns.
Jesse’s voice snapped him out of his trance. He was staring at the boy on his laptop screen and apparently he had been silent this entire time. “Yes, Jesse?”
“You would’ve found out anyway,” Dean said with a wink, finally reaching for the untouched glass of water that sat beside his now empty beer bottle.
He shakes himself out of the memory and pulls at all the cords sticking on his body. He stares at the cuff on his right hand and it turns into a periwinkle baller with the phrase “Down Under” in bold white letters. He still has his powers.
He counts each plate, when he reaches the fifth, Castiel sees it more lavish than his and the others. Every piece of food on that plate looks higher quality than the rest. Fresh fruits even sit on top of a dollop of whip cream on the pancakes. And a pristine and glistening tea cup, full and steaming, sat gingerly on a matching saucer.
“Did you say Holy Grail War?” Aaron’s eyes blowing up. He’s heard of it before. One of the ramblings of his late grandfather. It was supposedly a ritual competition where seven Servant-Master pairs and the victors are granted a wish that the Holy Grail will grant. He never believed it to be true until Sam Winchester competed in the previous Holy Grail War.
“You can’t protect her if you're dead,” Renee countered. Claire can't argue with that logic. But it was Claire's purpose to protect Kaia, no matter what she was. The World itself wills it. “Alaya wouldn't have let me do it if it didn't know Kaia would be safe.”
He waits for a moment, looking around him, lips pouted. He guesses the scraping didn’t get his brother’s attention.
Delphine holds out her right hand to Aaron and he takes it, holding it firm. “Are you willing to be my Master, Aaron?”
Sam pulls Dean’s arm and pushes up the sleeve. There he sees a tribal mark that looks like the number seven with a small slash in the inside fold. It’s completely red and Sam feels the dark and corrupt magic emanating from it.
Kaia sees Claire avert her gaze when her father spoke and she puts a hand on her arm, squeezing tight.
Suddenly Jesse’s mouth felt dry and he envied the strangely blunt boy who apparently lives here. So, he matches the boy’s bluntness, “Can I maybe have a glass of water?”
Sam’s presence beside Jack is suddenly sounding alarms. Jack jumps back and readies a spell to strike the other Master. But Sam raises his hands, alerting Jack he isn’t a threat. “Easy! No actual fighting yet. They just need to blow off steam,” Sam says and darts his eyes back to the Servants.
It is there he found out he had a magic core instead of circuits. Magic circuits allowed a person to convert life force into magical energy, which is how most mages differ from other magical practitioners. But his magic core, likely stemming from his demonic heritage, generates unfathomable amounts of magical energy.
It’s been years. He and Meg weren’t proud of that certain part of their shared past. And from Meg’s recent hero work, Dean could see that, like him, she’s carrying white-out everywhere, trying to cover anything red they see.
“Confiscated?” Sam raised a brow at his older brother. “Dude, you love that grenade launcher. You know you’ve got to stop leaving him gifts.”
family. I even blamed you for Jimmy and Amelia’s deaths. I also blamed you for what happened to Kevin. And part of my decision to be a hero was in part wanting to be better at it than you. Sometimes I wish I was the one born without powers, and not Jimmy.
They see Cherub already returned to providing first aid. Judging from the scene, the explosion injured more people but luckily there were no additional casualties. Or so he thinks.
He turns to Castiel and whispers, “No, babe. You’re always in the way. I have to defend my honor.” He points a finger at the agent. “Compensating for not sending me to jail,” he says.
Nancy hands Henriksen a tablet and he pulls up a video file. He approaches Styne and drops the tablet on the mad alchemist’s lap. Dean raises his head a little so he could watch as well.
“Are there other heroes on the scene?” Jack asks and it elicits a smile from Angel. And he can’t help but glow that he was right for asking.
Gabriel looks at Charlie, whose eyes are fixed on the screen. He then brings out a laser pointer and motions at the bright purple silhouette that bursts orange every now and then, “You see that?”
the only neutral party willing to supervise the Wars. Because they consider the Holy Grail and any of its iterations as sacred relics. At first they were against the ritual competition that was meant to recreate the first actual Holy Grail War. But when the different Grails began choosing Masters and summoning Servants on their own, they relented. The Church then picked the role of administrator, making sure there are no casualties and the happenings are truly the will of the Grail and who they called God.
Berserker teleports behind Rider as he shoots. The latter anticipating this, swings his blade arm behind him. The former catches his arm and says “Enough!”
He used to love coming here with his father when he was a kid. Jack would play with Marvelous Marvin: the Talking Teddy Bear and wait for their turn on the swings or the seesaw. And when it was, he would safely tuck Marvin in one of the seats beside his and discretely use his powers to push them both. And when he grew tired, he’d make one trip on the slide. He’d sit by his father by the benches, watching the other kids play with each other and laugh along with them when they did something fun.
“Jack, why are you still up—” Jesse hears a deep voice coming from behind him. When he turns around, he was in shock. He knows that face, it’s haunted him in his dreams ever since the Purgatory Incident. He dreaded sleeping because he’d face the scary man with the silver blade. The Superhero that helped liberate everyone in Purgatory: The Angel.
“Hello, Mr. Winchester!” Jesse said, offering an informal salute to the man who was… oddly wearing a trench coat. Or was it an overcoat?
Cas snickers and he puts a soft hand on Dean. “Dean, stop. You’re embarrassing yourself,” the Superhero chastises him.
Jesse stands there, staring at the empty space for a few minutes. He surrenders himself to the situation and looks at Ben, “Grail Wars are fucked up, man.”
He’d been targeting their entire family for months when he got a taste of Castiel’s blood in one encounter. Her uncle Gadreel was there to protect them. But he made the wrong decision to follow the villain when he tried to escape. Unfortunately for them, Gorgon’s pet (which was a massive intelligent snake), snuck into the house and pounced at them.
Maybe if her dad and Dean retire early, they could finally spend the rest of their lives together. But first, she has to tell her father that she personally knows Dean. Does he even know that she
Rowena’s jaw drops and looks at Jack and then at Castiel, and then back to the boy dressed in Star Wars pyjamas, “He looks exactly like you in the old photos Gabe showed me!” She pinches Jack’s cheek as he and Charlie got closer.
He ponders on the answer a few seconds. “Well, compared to my relationships with other heroes and villains, Dean and I do share a more profound bond.”
century where the Three head families that hosts the ritual gifted an ecclesiastical province of the Catholic Church in Kansas a fragment of the Greater Grail as a political move.
Dinner was over and the kids were watching some new series from Netflix in the living room. Lisa had left to spend the rest of the night with some of her friends and Dean and Castiel agreed to drive her to where they would meet up.
“What do you want?” Claire shouts, knowing that it would sound as loud in her Master's head, as if they were talking in person. She drops down on to her apartments sofa and grunts loudly. “I'm at home.”
He pauses at the last image and he picks it up, a photo of him and Cas wearing those godawful grey jumpers they forced prisoners to wear in Purgatory. It was actually a photo documentation for a progress report. Charlie managed to dredge up the file when the government seized everything when the whole Incident was over.
“Like I said in the past, I prefer the card game.” Charlie rebuffs with a roll of egg in her mouth. She swallows, “And I thought Sam took you up on that offer?”
wakes up gasping for air. He’s laying on a stiff bed with his right hand cuffed to the railing. It’s dark, but from the soft light spilling through the window blinds, the steady hum and beeping to his side, and the cold that only miserable interior design brings, he knows he’s at a hospital.
“I had to, Sam. He was—” Dean stops mid-sentence. Then he stares up, nowhere in particular, but up. And he walks forward slowly, passing Sam and he quickens his pace as he nears the stairs and runs up to the door that leads to the stairwell outside.
drops down from the rooftop he was perched on and landed a few meters removed from Frankenstein’s position. Only the crew gives him their undivided attention. His target was eyeing the Hunter coming from the other end of this backstreet. He spreads his wings and powerful winds threaten to knock the goons down on the ground but they hold fast. His display grabs Frankenstein’s attention and the villain turns to look at him.
This chapter and the Noble Phantasms are meant to parallel the relationship between Gilgamesh and Enkidu in the Fate worlds multiverse. These two Servants have the same Noble Phantasm (albeit executed differently) and are the most important person in each other's lives.
“But we're here already. It’s not like we can just go back to Indiana to your mom before leaving again for the Clock Tower.”
Jesse just points towards the hospital where a green light can be seen pulsing on the rooftop. Ben's jaw drops and he shakes his head in disbelief, “I thought this was just a lead.”
Sam appears to be satisfied. He lowers his hand as the ring of flame disappears, leaving only the inner ring and the pentacle. “Dammit, Dean!” he says under his breath. And his heart breaks further when he sees the forlorn look on his brother’s face.
Aaron sneaks behind one of the remaining members and slits their throat. And one of them shouts “Stop” and removes their ritual mask to reveal a dead man.
Mrs. Butters hands Dean the glass. “Mrs. B, you know cholesterol is not a problem now that I’m a Servant, right?” says the Heroic Spirit.
. He can see a lit camping ground in the distance, whether tourist or the locals, he doesn’t really care.
“You could’ve told me! He might have heard some of my darkest secrets,” said Jesse, his voice getting softer with each other near the end.
Castiel lights up at the mention of her name. They have been so much together since Meg’s shift from villain to anti-hero. The masses would go crazy whenever Angel and
Bobby raises a brow at him, “There’s a back plate for the wings, shoulder pads, and a chest plate that comes with the suit. Balls, to hell with it! I’ll throw in some boots.”
“I’m pretty sure that isn’t how the saying goes,” said Lisa, Castiel’s brows furrowing in confusion. “But if you’re going to talk, chew and swallow first,” she told her son.
Jack stares at him, searching for answers. They barely know each other but he can tell that Jack genuinely believes he has something to say sorry for. The boy’s brows were creased, his lips bitten between teeth, neck stiff with not knowing what’s going through Jesse’s head.
“Wait, what?” Jesse says, probably as confused as Jack was when he answered the door for the two Karens.
He needs to summon his Servant soon, or else, one of the other Master’s will find him and make short work of his 6’4” frame.
“I told you not to go after Styne! Illinois is Cas’s turf, Dean,” Sam adds, obviously wanting to ingrain the thought into his brother’s head, “It’s his to protect.” he slams the table, “And you
“Are you saying that to get a leg over me?” Jesse says, brows wiggling. He rolls his eyes when Jack does that adorable head tilt thing he does.
it read. It was an image of Dean beating Yellow Eyes’ dead body while it hangs by a noose on a half-tipped lamppost. The daylight casting on the dust and rubble gives the scene an undeniably macabre feel as onlookers watch Dean end a decades old rivalry.
Holy Grail, and set the conditions for the Greater Grail to activate it’s wish-granting abilities,” she says without looking away from the slowly disappearing Arc.
“Sam don’t!” Sam doesn’t know who protested. His wife or his caretaker, it doesn’t matter. He made up his mind and he wants answers from Dean.
He looks at Gabriel, worry spreading across his face, “I guess so?” It’s been so long since he last made a friend. So, he’s hoping he gets to talk to Jesse again.
“I’m sorry,” Jack said, stifled laughter caught in his throat. “Ben snores when he gets into deep sleep.”
Sam drives a 1967 Chevrolet Impala. He got it from Dean when he died, and Dean got it from their dad before that. They grew up in it from childhood to adulthood until Sam up and went, tired of the family business. They begun hunting together in it when they were reunited, driving around, looking for their missing father. Heck, it was even in every cover of the Supernatural books. Dean loved that car like it was the most important thing in the world, second only to Sam and—
In over a decade, not much has changed in their living room. The same old beaten couch and patched up armchairs arranged in a U in front of the fireplace. The same display case in the far corner, right of the window, filled with his father’s chachkies. The same framed pictures of his and Claire’s moms above the hearth. Even the coffee table (whose middle was split but now filled with resin) is still the same.
He found several swords wielded by Saints and even Mjolnir. The latter was something he and his brother confiscated in a hunt one time. He doesn’t know how to summon a god into a Servant body though, totally different ballpark.
“Jack, calm down. Bobby isn’t the surprise,” his father almost snickers. “Though it’s a surprise you’d think so.”
As the Nazi-Necromancers open fire at them, the Golem takes the brunt of the damage. But it was unharmed, being made of clay, and its body absorbing the impact as the bullets hit it. The Golem makes short work of them and turns to the five remaining members who continued whatever ritual they were doing despite the current encounter.
Jack beams at him and then he paces around the room, muttering to himself. “I knew it!” he then shouts. “I knew I could do it. Only Lord El-Melloi and Flat believed in me. No one in the Clock Tower believed I could be chosen for the Fourth War! Nobody believed I could summon a Divine Spiri—”
Castiel leans on the table behind him, arms crossed, as they resume testing. “I’m guessing that you wouldn’t make me pay for this as well, Bobby.”
Jesse laughs and pats beside him. “Nah, it’s okay. Some of the locals think I’m an Ancestor Being,” he says.
“I did get the idea from your original design,” Bobby says, jokingly trying to salvage whatever humility he has left. “And having a Superhero and his son flying around in a suit
encounter one. Technically, he’s not allowed to engage anyone since he doesn’t have his hero license yet. His uncle Gabriel told him he’s like an intern.
Baby (his ’67 Chevy Impala) hums a familiar and soothing tune as she sits idle in the garage, among other vehicles, as old as her, but not as loved. He grips her steering wheel tight, expending all tension he has left from the earlier encounter.
Dean props himself up on one elbow. “What is this about, Sammy? It’s…” he looks at his phone, “it’s 7AM on a Saturday.”
“Yes, Charlie,” Gabriel answers as he makes his way towards one of the chairs by the screen, “this is your boss’s Unico hijo.”
“Nah, I think I do,” the officer replies and their face changes into a black woman with doe eyes and for a moment her eyes flash silver.
The other boy nods, never once taking his eyes off Jesse. When the boy notices the questioning look on Jesse he continues, “Oh, I have powers too.”
“Charlie,” Rider answers for his Master, taking a sip of water from his glass, “Another weird-ass Holy Grail War.”
Sam rolls his eyes at Dean and leans back on his chair. He opens his laptop and spins it to face his brother. Dean shifts closer and takes a look at him and then at the screen. There, an online news site’s headline reads:
Having a no-catch wish would come in handy. Aaron could practically wish for anything. All the weed and bacon in the world sounds really nice right about now. But he thinks he could use the wish to fight the Thule or get another chance with his grandfather and actually listen to him for once. Whatever he decides on, he needed that wish.
man team standing in the war room. And there are two other police men with them. “And I told you to put your helmet on!”
“I remember what I said Sam,” Dean stage-whispers. He can feel the awkward tension coming from Eileen and Mrs. Butters.
When Claire was about to answer with the most scandalous thing she could think of, Dean shouts from the hall, “No sex, you two! We’re expecting guests.”
“I didn’t take Dean’s—my dad who is also one of his dads—last name,” said Ben in one go, still at his mini-food fight with Maggie.
“Oh, I heard your dad call you that last night,” Jesse says, taking a seat at one of the armchairs. “And I never told you my name as well!” Jesse points out, making finger guns at him.
Of course this isn’t the only one. They have thousands of businesses spread across the Americas and very few people knew about them. And those that do keep to themselves. Especially the Mage Association, which the Thule are members of. That damned heretical institution doesn’t bother to intervene so as long as they benefit from the Thule’s “research” on magic.
Charlie and his father come in discussing what they’d have Jack do for the day. When they spot Jack smiling expectantly at them, they stop and take a seat at the table.
what she saw in her dream. She said I was in a fight with a villain,” Jack says, the energy spilling out of his words. But when he turns to look at Jesse, he sees the forlorn look on his friend’s face.
Despite being on a call, there was comfortable silence. But Jack felt he needed to speak, “I’d be happier if we had lunch tomorrow together at school.”
bangs on the door of the Bunker as loud as she can. After four deafening slams with her closed fist, she smiles at herself. When she turns to look at her wincing girlfriend Kaia, her smile fades.
He appears above a massive sandstone formation amidst vast plains in every direction. There seems to be thick clouds above them.
“Oh, my God!” Jack shouts earning them looks from the other patrons and the waitress pointing to a “Keep Quiet” sign. “Sorry,” Jack contains himself. “It’s just that the last Holy Grail War was legendary! All of the Servants were Grand-class. And you, Sam, you were partnered with Samuel Colt. My studies in the Clocktower said that he became Grand when Orion surrendered the title in order to help Chaldea restore the Human Order. People called it the Grand Grail War. Which is weird because Grand Servants can only be summoned when one of the Beasts of Calamity—” Jack muttered to himself and only stopped when Berserker places a placating hand on his shoulder.
It was a clip of a residential complex just put out from a fire. Dean figures it’s from Cas’s body cam. He can hear Charlie’s and Gabriel’s voices directing Cas inside one of the buildings. The camera turns around and they see dozens of dead bodies, none of which look like they died from the fire. The camera turns to a young boy that says “She’s here” and when the camera turns around, the sound of cracking bone is heard and Castiel gets thrown out the building. A few moments later, bright light covers the complex and a fireless explosion decimates the buildings. The video ends there.
Five months ago there were rumors of the Arc of the Covenant was dredged up somewhere in the Arctic just off the coast of Norway. A month after its discovery the Nasjonalgalleriet unveiled it to the world. Six weeks later it was stolen through an inside job and the thief killed himself in his prison cell without divulging the whereabouts of the Arc.
Charlie averts her gaze. “Well, we didn’t know Dean and Valentine would show up,” she says. “Kevin, what do we know of Valentine and the Hunter’s relationship?”
Ben laughed, suppressed and muffled because of the spoon halfway through his mouth. He chewed a few seconds before speaking. “Geez, dad. When the lesbians take notice—”
The younger Master gulps down and drinks from the glass of water beside him. “You’re Sam Winchester right?” he asks back.
Jack follows behind them, not knowing what do as a Master relegated as a spectator. He doesn’t know if Dean is either the Master or the Servant, but that doesn’t matter for now, but he does think that Berserker knowing Dean raises a lot of questions.
She makes her way to him and hugs him tight. At first, he was caught unawares but he lets himself sink into the embrace. It has been years since they had last seen each other. When she pulls away, Castiel can’t help but smile.
Dean laughs a hearty tune, full of joy and other splendid emotions, “He’s here, Sammy.” He then returns his attention towards the East. “Wait for me, Angel!” Dean shouts to the Heavens. “We’ll finally get our wish!”
Delphine sits in front of the Golem and helps him finish with restoring his torso. “The Holy Grail Wars are ritual competitions aimed to recreate the first ever battle for
“Not before it spreads to the rest of the block,” says Gabriel. “The FD has it under control for now.”
Yellow Eyes was an old supervillain and long-time nemesis for the Hunter. He’s responsible for the deaths of Samuel, Mary, and John. As a cruel twist of fate, the Hunter mantle was always succeeded by the person the former died protecting. Which is how Dean had taken up the helm after his father. “Sam was finishing law school,” Dean had told Claire last year. After one final confrontation, with Dean almost dying, he managed to kill Yellow Eyes once and for all.
“Hey, padawans,” she said with a shit-eating grin. “Dinner’s ready. Time to take your seat in the Council.”
Sam scowls, “I don’t know but she could be related. Many enhanced individuals have light-based abilities. A lot of them function the same. But one thing’s for sure. Us Men of Letters wouldn’t be the only group to know about this.”
He wants to be of service so he helps in ways that he can. Kevin the computer probably has cross-referenced all the names already BUT information in government and police databases are always incomplete. So now he’s listing all reported “Enhanced” activities whose powers line up with those in their list of Purgatory detainees.
Kaia then holds her hand tight, her eyes giving the only real comfort she’s known in the past few years. “Babe. Her visions about family
The golem walks towards the factory’s back entrance. “As a matter of fact, they do,” says the Golem.
The Mark on Rider’s arm glows and the ground around him becomes tormented soil, devoid of all life, tendrils of darkness and white hot sparks skirt the surface of the open field. “I had a life! And it was with you!”
The doorbell rang and Jack jumped, giddy and brimming with excitement. Castiel took the remote and paused the TV as the kid ran to the front door.
He stares at Eileen who gives him a soft smile and nods to Dean. “It really is him,” she signs, her hands forming the hands-on-the-wheel motion they use for Dean’s name.
Jack makes his debut. The plot thickens when Castiel discovers something on Jack's first patrol around Illinois.
He brushes off that thought. If Kaia doesn’t want to think about the Incident, he shouldn’t as well. He lets his mind wonder to other things.
“I told you never to summon me, Charlie,” the man, her Servant, says in his sultry voice that breaks at odd intervals, probably from disuse. The man pulls back his cowl and reveals the face of a young man with a hideous scar that ran down from his left cheekbone down to his chin. “YOU WILL REFRAIN FROM DOING THIS AGAIN!” He screams, sending Charlie into even more frantic terror.
He breathes in deeper than he has in the past few years. He doesn't want to compete against his boyfriend and he knows Ben doesn't want to do the same. He turns to look at his Master who is also in a state of disbelief.
He and Jack laughed harder and with a flick of Jesse’s wrist the rainclouds part right above them and moonlight now pours down on them like the rain before.
Claire nods. Immediately her eyes jump away from the screen when she notices Dean and Sam stare at each other, faces etched with concern, and look back at them. “What is it?” she asks.
They’re eating at a diner somewhere in Lebanon. The brothers told Jack that their home base is just a few blocks away from the establishment. At first he was worried to be riding a car with Rider and his Master but Berserker assured him they would be safe. So he sat in the back seat with his Servant, and kept quiet the whole drive to the diner.
Jesse shrugs. “Well, you’re blond, your eyes glow gold when you use your powers, and you are Angel’s son. You’re probably a prodigy,” he enumerates.
“Of course, I know who my brother is. Fucki—” Styne doesn’t get to finish. The FBI agent punches him on the cheek and he spits out blood.
Both boys couldn’t hide their smiles. Jack was internally cursing himself for never taking the time to initiate any kind of conversation with Jesse before.
Kaia taps Claire’s shoulder and angles her phone so everyone can see, “Yeah, he made his debut today. Look.”
And then there was that woman earlier that manage to break his wing. He looks at Demoness who was clueless as to what was happening.
Her mom went missing during her senior year in high school. Disappeared without a trace after receiving a random call one day. The police investigators said that for some reason they couldn't trace the call. There was no caller ID and they couldn't pinpoint the location where the call came from.
She was the first in the Hunter legacy to take up a costume to conceal her identity. Mary’s, like all other uniforms in the Bunker’s archives, rests in a display case beside the weapon’s cache in the floor below her.
rifles through the files that his father asked from Charlie yesterday. Down in the Garrison, Charlie was providing surveillance and Rowena and Gabriel discuss what Crowley knows.
She was following a lead on who–what might've taken her mother and stumbled on a local vampire mauling while she was passing through Sioux Falls. Claire initially thought there was one culprit and she dove in, dumb un-planning-self first, rusty machete second, in the partially unkempt bungalow. As it turns out, it was a small nest of five and she was new to hunting (only two salt-and-burns under her belt), only finding out about vampires from another hunter named Krissy. Luckily, Jody and Alex came crashing through the front door and began stabbing the vamps’ necks with syringes. Claire later found out they contained a dead man's blood.
Berserker fully materializes his wings and flies high up into the sky, his trench coat flapping along with his wings as he rises high above everyone else. “I gave everything for you! And this is what you give to me?!”
Gabriel turns to look at his younger brother as he pours himself some coffee. “Oh, I heard Jack bring home a friend last night and I figured I’d do the same,” he explains.
“I was aiming for the car,” says the Hunter as he punches a man with his free hand. When he positions himself to cut the man’s head off, Angel’s wing slaps his hand away.
As much as Sam wants to greet his wife home, he’s too tired from going through all the relics they have in the Bunker earlier today with Mrs. Butters (the Bunker’s caretaker who helps him from time to time). He was looking for anything that could be related to a known Heroic Spirit and use that as a catalyst for his summoning later.
Castiel’s eyes bored holes on Dean’s skull as his husband took a large bite. “I didn’t even know you liked me back then.”
“Good morning, Jack,” greeted Castiel. “I’m going to bring these to your room,” he told Claire and he went up the stairs.
She sees Dean sitting by the table with the world map, feet resting on the tabletop, looking up at them.
Castiel’s new uniform is nearly identical to Dean’s. Most of the differences are cosmetic, and to accommodate his wings Bobby converted it to a two-piece body suit. The majority of the suit is a sky-blue hue; except for the ribbing on the sides which is a deep navy color; and the insignia on his chest is a tan color that matched his favorite trench coat. His visor covers the top half of his face and tapers to a soft point just below his nose. And his combat boots have a black sheen that match his raven wings.
“Oh, yeah. And I'm here because of this!” Jack holds up the back of his right hand and points at it with his left.
“Wouldn’t it be awesome to be able to use the Force?” Jack asked. But it was more of a statement than a question.
Charlie returns to her keyboard. Gabriel cackles standing up, and makes his way to the stairs. Castiel was caught off-guard. He was expecting Jack to ask about all the names they mentioned or Purgatory, not his relationship with Dean.
They leave the kitchen and enter the library. As soon as they take their seats Sam blurts out “How was I able to summon you, Dean?” So many things dashed back and forth in Sam’s head. But he breathes deep and settles for “I was asleep and Mrs. Butters was supposed to bring me a relic from the May King.”
“Relax, Sammy,” Dean breathes out. “Alaya said that the Mark is now something that only activates when I call its True Name.”
She stares at him, waiting for a response until he realizes he needs to talk to answer. “Ah, no. It was that guy over there,” he provides, pointing towards Eckhart’s remains.
The woman laughs. As she’s brought down she says, “Well, it’s nice to see you too again, old friend.”
The brothers managed to track them down after that conversation. Sam offered legal services and Dean offered protection. She and Kaia agreed on the condition Dean trained her to be the next Hunter.
When the shutter sound echoed throughout the room everyone’s attention turned to Jack. Jack on the other hand proceeded to send the selfie to Jesse and pretended everyone’s eyes wasn’t on him.
He approaches them with a ready hug once they get down the stairs. He embraces Claire first and presses her tight against his chest and kisses her braided hair. He goes to hug Kaia but the hug isn’t the same.
Then Charlie’s voice calls out. “Sorry to break this moment, boss. But a residential building is on fire in downtown Chicago.”
He remembers a high school friend he had say “No way your mom's a regular fitness coach. I saw her drawing a pentagram underneath your doormat!” He scoffed and teased his friend for spying on his mom.
“Dad! We’ve gone on one date,” Jack defended himself from the embarrassment that jumped at him. That’s when he noticed that there were two extra plates from the usual three they had most of the year. When he was about to ask where his other dad was a voice as confident as Dean’s spoke.
Everyone at the table except Jack burst out laughing. Harper was this girl from his school that followed him around Junior year. She would say really insane things like declaring her love for him even though they didn’t really know each other but would immediately leave right after said declarations. He told her many times that he wasn’t into girls but she pressed on. It only stopped when she started dating the school’s quarterback. He can’t say he was grateful because said quarterback kept on threatening him if he didn’t stay away from
And on the dot, Ash presses a few buttons on the container and it opens to reveal a black suit that looks a lot like Dean’s but in mint condition. She sees the suit’s chest, and instead of a green downwards triangle, there are two lapis-colored fangs that converge just below the chest.
“Pastor Jim,” Berserker nods the supervisor and turn to the other man, “Sam Winchester. I imagine it’s been years for you since we met.”
the family business after all. He just doesn’t know if it’s still a family business if only he and his wife Eileen are the ones in it.
Jesse doesn't know how the Third Magic works so he proposed that he does something similar. He would summon a copy of Eliot's Saint Graph and overlay them on his body, so when he absorbs the Servant's core their essences won't fight for dominance. And then Eliot's consciousness can return to the Throne of Heroes. And it worked. At first Jesse was overwhelmed with all of the grief and self-loathing Eliot possessed. He also inherited Eliot's Class container and they found out that he was Archer. But the Servant went silent after just a few hours.
When they reached American soil, the first thing they did was summon a Servant. Jesse's research revealed to him that items weren't actually necessary for summoning rituals. The Grail makes contact with the Master and assigns a Servant according to their desires. So, they tried a summoning without a catalyst and Ben ended up summoning Eliot Ness.
Dean swallows hard. “Jesse Turner is Patience’s cousin. He was there with Kaia, almost got killed by Cas. But your dad wasn’t in control then, don’t worry. He was kidnapped by Styne again recently. Me and Cas managed to save him, only we didn’t know it
Dean laughs and he puts a hand around Cas’s shoulders. “What do you think of me and your best buddy here?” he asks, face smug.
But when he steels himself, making the turn to the kitchen, he sees his brother’s face red from hard laughter and pleasant company.
The last time Styne was in the Bunker, he kidnapped both Dean and Charlie. They were having their usual movie night in the Dean cave when Charlie’s security notification filled the air. He reached for the gun hidden underneath the coffee table and passed it onto Charlie. She maybe a sweet woman but she’s been through a lot, and knows her way around a gun and, surprisingly, a katana.
“I left because of the painting, Jack,” he says. He reaches out and tucks a few hair strands, clinging on Jack’s cheek, behind the young man’s ear.
“That's true,” he follows right behind her, “but Dr. Gaines said that as long as I watch my carb intake, I can have it in moderation.”
They said grace. As soon as they spoke their ‘Amens’, Ben and Dean, at the exact same moment reached for the serving spoon closest to them and grabbed large portions of stew and menudo.
There’s something endearing about this boy’s enthusiasm but Jesse can’t quite pin it down. So, he goes for, “Can you
“Don’t worry about us kid,” Rider says while marveling at the third burger just placed in front of him. “I took out a Servant even before being one. And he,” Rider points to Berserker, “Is a friggin’ Angel.”
“Oh, no!” Jack practically shouted. “I mean, I like his lips. Too.” Both of his dads smiled at him, expecting a follow up. But he didn’t really know what else to say.
Castiel’s eyes glow and then his wings materialize. He missed seeing these raven beauties at rest and not in action. But worry fills Dean seeing how Cas’s left wing sags down, restrained by a splint.
“Are you lost, little girl?” the man asked, lowering himself to Claire's height. He looked up and was shocked to see her mother standing a few feet behind them, swimming in shock and disbelief, “Amelia?”
“There was a Sam Winchester in the previous Holy Grail War,” Jack says to the empty plate in front of him. “Were they you?”
“What? No!” Charlie shouts when the villainess managed to escape the well-deserved beating. She hated that character with her entire being. She was a deplorable, xenophobic murderer who worshipped whichever power-crazed maniac had her by the neck. Probably homophobic too. A true anti-thesis to everything Charlie was. Or as she currently is.
In that moment of panic, Jesse closed his eyes, breathed, and thought of home. And then he vanished.
Dean kicks the chair beside him. “If Cas wasn’t there, I would’ve cut off that son of a bitch’s head.”
Berserker stops in his tracks and Jack stares at him. Jack thinks it’s because it’s impolite to come up to someone already in a conversation.
They offered her a home-cooked meal. And who was she to refuse the offer? She had been surviving off of instant ramen and crackers for the past two months.
“I like staring at you too,” Jesse said, looking straight into the camera so when Jack looked at his screen it would seem like they were gazing into each other’s eyes.
Sam wakes up and rubs the sleep from his eyes. He checks his phone. He’s only slept for two hours. He sees Eileen’s text from when she arrived. When he looks around, he sees his wife’s jacket hanging from the peg on the door.
“THEY’RE ALL DEAD!” the mad alchemist screams. Then he pulls his gun to the side of his neck and Castiel and Henriksen make shouts of protest. When he pulls the trigger, the bullet goes through his neck, and some other thing gets pushed out and drops to the floor.
—his eyes become pitch black, and his body suddenly steams from standing on hallowed ground. “How am I supposed to know that?” he says as he lunged forward and their weapons meet between them.
1. I interpreted the Heavenly Host as a family of heroes and Superheroes. And I chose illinois as their home-state because that is where Jimmy Novak comes from.
“I’ve been providing magical energy for that hunk of mud for over two decades now,” he says, and the Golem throws a small piece of clay at him.
Grand Servants are only summoned by the Greater Grail to combat any one of the Beasts of Calamity. But if they are to be contracted into the service of a Master, they forfeit the title after the contract is fulfilled.
“Avi!” Charlie shouts at the top of her lungs, a finger pointing towards the leather-clad woman. It was a simple but highly versatile spell she learned from Rowena Macleod. The woman was thrown to the wall and her gun dematerializes before it falls to the floor.
Kaia chuckles, “I don’t know about, Cas. But Jack would definitely spend most of his time asking to be your sidekick.”
“The entire West Coast won’t come to me and call me friend while you’re here, won’t they?” he laughs, trying to ease Jack’s thoughts.
The Dean along the street was staring directly at a camera from a name-brand store, his smile an eerie grin, and he’s waving directly at the camera. This Dean is in full color through the lens of the high-end camera, and his eyes—his eyes are glowing silver. And then he changes shape, the clothes remain the same but the body morphs into a dark-skinned woman with beautiful doe eyes and large voluminous hair.
He nearly falls down but Jack catches him, staring at him with those breathtaking blues. He hasn’t used that much power in what feels like forever. Jack’s eyes glow gold and Jesse immediately feels lighter and more energized, completely rejuvenated.
“Jesse’s power manifests as pitch black darkness!” Dean exclaims, apparently having enough of this conversation as well.
“You can use the original?” Sam says, almost as excitedly as his brother. Almost. He catches a glimpse of an imprint in Dean’s right arm and it changes his mood entirely. It looks familiar.
He thinks for a moment and does some dynamic stretching. He walks back and forth in a straight line. He flaps his wings to check the back plate that stops his wings from overextending. “It feels right. Fits me perfectly. But I think I need to test it out on the field,” Jack states, knowing his father could never refuse him. “I mean, to know for sure.”
Jack shakes Bobby’s hand excitedly, not noticing him wince at the sudden movement. “Dad! It’s Castle! Is he your surprise?!”
Dean and Lisa exchanged knowing glances. Dean nodded and she continued with her story. “I asked your dad “What now?” and he stared at the wall and said—”
“As much as I love to watch you fudge-bangers flirt…” both Angel and the Hunter turn to look at Frankenstein, now holding the grenade launcher, “I really have to go before I vomit.”
“No, we could’ve protected ourselves if you taught us how to,” Claire reasons. Finally, Castiel closes his lips. There was truth in his daughter’s words.
“Star-Lord. Rocket. No fighting in my kitchen,” said Dean, wiping his face with the towel hanging from his right shoulder.
“Yes,” Delphine says, standing up. She walks around the room and both she and Aaron look at the Golem with mild disgust as it hides away the Arc of the Covenant inside its torso.
“Hey, Sammy. Were you the one who summoned me?” Dean says, his hands pointing to the Command Spells on Sam’s right hand, effectively pulling Sam away from the myriad thoughts running through his head.
Ben nodded, lips pouting in agreement. But the nod and pout meant that what Jack said was indisputable. “True. But I’d prefer to use a weapon I can actually touch,” he said.
Jack hums. His curiosity is piqued, and then he hears his father speaking, “Years back, Rowena told me it’s the magic that sustains him. He can replace any body part through bio-alchemy but they still receive the magic all the same.”
When Cas turns toward his direction and spots him, a smile ghosts his lips. Dean immediately takes off his helmet and shows the Superhero how he’s beaming. He rushes forward and takes off Cas’s visor, who for the moment was startled. He cups the other man’s face in his hands and stares at those infinitely azure eyes and lets himself drown in them, before wrapping Cas in the warmest embrace he’s ever given anyone, including Cas.
Castiel scooped up some mashed potatoes and plopped them on his plate. The starchy paste squelched as it hit the ceramic. “There’s no denying Ben’s your son,” he said as-matter-of-factly.
It hits him. Dean’s actions now finally makes sense. Why making a deal with the Counter Force is worth it for Dean Winchester, the Righteous Man.
“I guess that explains why there was an angry Karen and her would-be-Karen daughter at our doorstep earlier,” the boy says to himself.
“So, Castiel, why are you a Berserker?” Jack asks, he needs to find a way to win even with a new Servant. And asking Castiel’s story will help with how he can bolster his powers. And who knows, he might even have a powerful Noble Phantasm.
“Your grandfather Isaac was never like this. I wonder what Avicebron might think of his lineage now.”
“And then he steadied me before I fully panicked, looked me straight in the eye and said, “I don’t know what to do. But what I do know is we won’t tell Cass!” Like bringing up your best friend out of nowhere while having a conversation about your unborn child was completely normal.”
They stopped at Jack’s house and stared at each other for a while. “Well, this is my stop,” Jack said, pointing to the blue house turning purple as the dusk settled around them.
“Like I said before, Bobby… Presentation!” says Ash, as he struggles to take the box up the short flight of stairs. Dean drops his boxes on the table nearest to him and lifts the container effortlessly.
There was that defining bluntness when they first met. “Not here,” Jesse says, “Follow me.” He’s not entirely sure if Jack
She then falls on her back. When she raised her knee to Dean’s side, he bent lower and grabbed at it. Then he body-slammed her on the floor. By the benches, Kaia laughs hard, apparently catching everything on video. “I am
“For the record, I am one of the few Servants to actually qualify and not just conform to the Berserker class.”
He opened his front camera and subtly raised his phone. He smiled softly and quietly took a selfie with everyone else in the background. Quietly if he remembered to turn off his system sounds.
“You’re already giving me a suit, old man?” Dean rolls his eyes at her. “I thought you weren’t retiring yet.”
Then Jack stands there quietly, waiting for whatever his father has for him. He looks at Bobby as he walks to the side of the van’s backdoor, he brings out a tablet and presses a button on it, and the door slowly goes up. Then he sees feet.
Ben Braeden is in his car, parked somewhere near Rainbow Blvd, eating a way too greasy quarter-pounder. He's supposed to be on the look out for anything strange that's coming from or going to KU Hospital. His Servant is—somewhere out there scouting the surrounding area.
It was small talk in between bites. Mostly about the drive to and from the airport, Claire’s interest in helping Dean manage the garage while she was here, and Kaia’s recent apprenticeship with Derek Swan—who Jack found out was a famous contemporary painter.
Aaron downs the rest of his coffee and throws the paper cup into the bin behind the chair he was on. He’s hoping that disappointing his ancestors is all worth it.
(Anna Milton). The writing spells in all caps “YELLOW EYES, HUNTING YOU NEXT!” Dean said this was his mom’s work.
Then Claire realizes what the three are talking about, “Dudes, I know Purgatory was traumatic, but I’m Jon Snow here. Care to fill me in?”
Clive takes a seat across from her and pours himself a glass. He sighs, “It's the least I can do, Charlie. I just didn't know what to do. He was gone and suddenly I was—”
Sam doesn’t need to say yes or figure out how he was able to summon his brother while apparently asleep. He rushes to his brother and gives him the tightest hug he’s ever given to anyone in his life. Twenty-two years has been too long.
“Gosh!” said Lisa, catching Dean’s attention as he took a generous amount of the mashed potatoes she brought.
“Kevin, split-screen please,” says Charlie. The screen splits into three parts: the view of the city, one what he assumes is his father’s body cam, and one thermal imaging version of the body cam footage.
Henriksen and his remaining people have their guns aimed at Styne who is backed to the wall, a barrier of light glistening around him. Eileen and Sam escort Nancy outside the dungeon. And Meg stands nearer to Styne, powers at the ready.
At the moment he says that he makes the pitcher of water fill Jesse’s glass with more. Jesse gulps it down, and then, using his own powers he makes the glass float to the sink.
“Don’t you love Riverdale?” Ben asked, shifting from how he laid down on the sofa to reach for the beer Dean let him have since he was staying the night.
Also with inhuman strength, Frankenstein clenches his lackey’s shoulder and throws him at the Hunter. The poor soul and the grenade meet ten meters from Frankenstein but it doesn’t worry him.
“Ah! Save whatever apology you have for when you’re crying in my grave, singing praises for all to hear,” Rowena’s hands waving in a flourish around her. “I shouldn’t have blamed you and Squirrel for the actions of my son.”
He walks into the library and there was Cas, in his full glorious uniform, looking like a fresco masterpiece despite not having his wings out. He’s holding on to Dean’s most prized possession, Castiel’s feather, and looking at the framed articles below the preppers.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas’s canyon-deep voice, wash over him. And he falls again. He kisses Cas’s cheek, unsure of how to utter all of the praises he has for the—
“No—I mean yes,” and then Jesse paused, took time to collect his thoughts. “Yes, I think Cats is a good movie. But “Those People” is a good film too.”
Jack was greeted by Lisa and Ben. He pressed Lisa to his side, hugging her the most the casserole she held allowed him to.
Castiel laughs under his breath and Bobby just shakes his head in disbelief. A moment later, Charlie climbs out the front of the van and makes her way to Jack. She then pulls him to stand front (
It took him a few years before he could enter any research facility without having any semblance of a panic attack. During the first three years of working with Bobby, he would send Ash and his team to the Garrison for fittings and suit maintenance. Now he’s happy to walk down these halls, his mind
“Garrison to Angel. Signatures indicate someone still alive in one of the bags,” Angel hears from his earpiece. “Third from the right.”
With the length of his legs, he can only sit upright, not even able to go lower or he’ll entirely dip, and neither can he push himself up into the air because he’s too heavy. The stones that used to be displaced as his kid-self kick his seat up, are now sandwich in between his feet and the weathered soil underneath.
“I'm still pissed at you, Renee. I agreed that you turn me into a Servant so I could protect Kaia! Pulling me out of there with a Command Spell is dangerously coming close to crossing the line,” Claire complained, voice cracking in frustration.
Claire finally makes the connection. She stares at the beautiful imagery that possibly contains a horrible future for her brother. “Well, not all of Patience’s visions come true,” she bargains.
Dean looked at Jack, “All I’m saying is that you got that from your father here.” Jack smiled at that, feeling validated. “If that could make me fall in love with my angel, maybe it could do the same for you.”
“Yes, really!” And then they zap out of the park, their sudden disappearance rustling the loose rocks and dirt.
He could hear Jesse think from the other end of the line. He closed his eyes, thinking he said something wrong, and then Jesse spoke. “Okay, Jack. I would love that.”
Angel flies away as he instructs Jack to follow him. He straps his lunchbox to his waist, nods at the operator. He then jumps, letting himself freefall and build momentum, before spreading his wings to catch up to the Superhero.
Styne’s voice cuts through the air. Far along the room, he sits restrained on a chair, at the center of a massive iron pentagram on the floor.  A thick blindfold covers much of his face.
Kaia never talks about the Purgatory Incident though, she would brush it off or sleep, with her mind travelling God knows where, and Claire could only kick at the door and throw knives at Frankenstein’s picture taped to it. She just wishes her girlfriend would trust her more with her past.
When he woke up, Jack spent the first hour going over state laws, hero prohibitions, safety protocols, and lists of villains and criminals that regularly appear in Illinois. He’s unlikely to encounter any high-profile villain, and he’s unsure if he’s prepared if he ever
As they sat down, Jack takes a look at his surroundings. To their right he sees an equipment wall filled with different uniforms and tools his father probably uses from time to time. And to their left, an unlit portion of the sublevel vaguely shows him a docking bay, a few vehicles, and what seems like a tunnel. And to the wall far back, carved on rough stone, is his father’s insignia.
Right on cue they see Ben turn the corner. His face immediately lit up and his pace quickened as he got closer to them. “Claire!” he shouted when he was just a few feet away.
After the Purgatory Incident, Dean massacred most of the Stynes to quench his rage. Cas had appeared then, apparently tracking him. He almost broke one of his rules that night. He already had his gun to a little kid’s head but Cas asked him to stop.
When Castiel was new to the scene, he was lauded for being competent, but no one put much import to his work because he hadn’t done anything noteworthy. The occasional trapped-in-a-fire stories here and there, but nothing special. He was content at little-picture crusades
Then Rider chirps up, as if the two rehearsed this conversation, “See, Grand Archer’s NP prevented fights and any form of harm inside his bounded field. So it could work hand-in-hand with Grand Caster’s.”
“Oh, god. What would Jack and dad think if they knew I was training to be the next Hunter,” Claire says, mostly to herself.
In a quick second they find themselves on the rooftop of the hospital. Charlie is panting on the floor trying to compose herself as she did in the elevator. She looks up and sees the two Servants and the other Master strung up in the air with heavy chains made from viridian light. Beside her she sees a man with deep brown robes, his face hidden by a large cowl.
From the stove, Dean turned around holding a fresh pot of the oxtail stew he found online and decided to cook. “Hey, Jody!” he said, dropping the pot on the kitchen table.
With training getting progressively harder every year, she sometimes doubts herself if she could pull it off. But she needs to. She has to. She comes from a family of known Supers. Being powerless
The towering man takes their bags and steps inside. There were a couple of steps down before they reach another door that looks like the one upstairs, Sam pushes it and bright orange-tinted light greets them.
wants. Right now her son had twice the family that anyone could ever have. And if there were needs she couldn’t provide, Ben always had his siblings and his dad. Even Castiel was there for Ben when he needed a different perspective. And she was grateful.
Castiel stares into the distance, blank eyes only met with the mass that separates Michigan from Superior. “I learned from Rowena MacLeod the other day there was no use in dwelling in the past, that pinning blame is wasted effort.
The sun in the distance was falling asleep and its yawns made its flaxen light make the darkening clouds look like ripples through an orange sky. The soft crunch of their shoes on the pavement’s loose concrete was music to Jack’s ears. He couldn’t be any more happier with how this day turned out. As far as Mondays go that is.
“Hmm. I don’t know about the records you’ve learned in school but Don and his wife Maggie were one of the many anomalies in the War. They each had one Command Spell and the supposed third could only be used when they agreed on it, is what they told me. Grand Caster was Rowena MacLeod and her Noble Phantasm, if she ever finished assembling the spell, could return all other Servants back into the Throne of Heroes. The couple was constantly targeted by the other Masters, so they went to us for safety,” Sam tells, his gangly arms theatrically moving as he told his story.
“You called?” Jesse materializes at the backseat, leaning forward, making Ben jump and drop the used tissue paper.
Delphine,” the Servant proclaims, stretching a hand forward and the chains wrap around all three people in the air. Before fully constricting his victims the young Clive looks up, distracted.
A massive explosion happens and the two Masters are thrown back by the terrible display of raw power. Jack uses the energy he has left to lift his head up and stare at the converging Noble Phantasms. If this is Rider’s power, just blowing off steam, able to go toe-to-toe with a near-Divine Spirit like Berserker, he prays that the other Servants aren’t this powerful. If these two are just from the Cavalry-classes, what power could the Knight-classes could even possibly possess.
An hour later Claire and Kaia are sitting side by side in the library, eating pizza Sam had ordered earlier. The giant man struggles to eat his slice, not taking his eyes off his laptop, reading a brand-new case file or the news or some article about green foods. She doesn’t know. Claire doesn’t really care what Sam does. What she does care about is what Dean is doing? He told them that they’re having guests.
In that split second, a tall foreboding man that scared the living daylights out of Jesse appeared, a silver short sword in his hand. He positioned himself in between Jesse and Jack with the blade pointed straight at Jesse. He turns back and looks at the blond boy and places a hand on his shoulder and they both disappear.
Sam signals everyone to move out of the room. Cas puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder before he leaves. “I will do anything not to have you do this, Dean,” Cas says with a worried smile.
He turns around and sees no one else in the living room. And then he recognizes that velvety voice. “Jesse?” he asks the empty air around him.
“Maybe keeping their distance,” Ben says, mostly to himself. “Jesus, these people are out for blood.”
Sometimes Claire marvels at how Sam could read her as easily as he could read his brother. Kaia pulls on her hand holding her slice of pizza and takes a bite, also not taking her eyes off her cellphone.
With the last bit of her energy, she looks around and sees the other Servant-Master pair picking themselves up from the floor. The other one, the masked Servant is nowhere to be found. Cas turns to her, asking if she’s all right.
. Well, technically it hasn’t been his home in twelve years. He’s twenty-two now (and though he enjoyed travelling with his sister and her girlfriend) it’s time to call it that again.
Aaron Bass is somewhere in Pennsylvania, stalking around an industrial factory that mass-produced cotton shirts and linen bedsheets. Company records show that they catered mostly to European and mainland-Asia businesses. But he had his suspicions.
Castiel turns to Gabriel, “Gabriel, see what you can get out of Rowena. Maybe Crowley left her some information—”
With Servants and Masters showing up left and right and meeting in unsuspecting places, no one is safe in this Holy Grail War. One Servant-Master pair is scoping up the competition before making their move.
Jack’s eyes glow gold for a moment and then his wings appear behind him, fully corporeal. There was a sense of relief in releasing his wings. Immediately he can feel that the energy his body was using to keep his wings basically non-existent, are now stored somewhere in him waiting for other more practical uses. He feels lighter despite the suit weighing about twenty-six pounds.
Sam purses his lips, bringing his fist near his face to stop himself from exploding. There are so many things unusual about being able to summon Dean, and
He feels defeated even though he hasn’t fought anyone yet. Well, he blames himself for filling his own mind with delusions and flights of fancy.
He extends his hand and his eyes glow bright blue. He bites on his lips and powers through the pain. He seldom does this but with Demoness holding everything in place, he’d allow himself. As his eyes become bluer and brighter, he emits a deafening high-pitched ringing. The debris disintegrate into dust and Demoness lets go.
Ben finally ceased his altercation with Maggie and said “Dean knocked my mom up before he and Castiel got together. He on the other hand—” Ben pointed to Jack, “Castiel’s best friend got him the same year.”
“Okay! Bye, Jody!” Claire dropped the call after Jody said her farewells. Stopping just short of the kitchen entrance, she looked at her girlfriend. “For the record, I’m Star-Lord.”
On the phone is a video of a young blond man saving a cat from a tree. He is wearing a brown and gold suit, wings visible for all to see, and a golden eye mask covers a chunk of his face. She’s seen Jack in so many Halloween masks that she’s certain that that’s her brother.
His uniform looks similar to Dean’s, except it was maroon and black, and his helmet was a crash helmet with an ablaze anchor spray-painted in white.
Dean pulls away when he feels the edges of the resin casing Cas is holding, jabbing under his lower ribs. But his hands never leave the other man. It’s been so long since he’s seen that wonderful gummy smile.
The kid turns around. A young boy wearing thick rimmed glasses. He was sobbing furiously. “She’s here,” he pleads.
“Why does every remake have to be so…” Jack paused, searching for the right word, “… Edgy? The characters tend to lose their personalities.”
“What?” Dean said as he passed the serving spoon to his husband. Castiel chuckled and Dean turned to him. “What?” he asked again, his voice genuinely curious.
The blond laughs, “Kinda?” He stands, looks at the contents of the pitcher and returns it to the fridge, before returning to his seat.
“You know…” Jesse didn’t even finish speaking as his quiet laughter took over his voice. “Jack, I had so much fun yesterday.”
Rowena raises her cup towards Charlie. “He did! Managed to bring his dead Eileen back to life too. Who knew he’d be able to use my own spell before I ever did! Tried it after him though,” she says winking at a visibly uncomfortable Castiel.
That was the moment she started idolizing this Dean. Later in life, she would find out that his full name was Dean Winchester, the man who saved the world three times over. He was famed in hunter circles; not just in the US, she's met some foreigners who have firsthand accounts of his heroics. Claire would never admit it but she started wearing leather jackets because she remembers he wore one when they first met.
Jesse is sitting on the table near the door, tapping his fingers syncopated on the scored tabletop. Ben is lying down on the bed furthest from the door, scrolling through his phone about recent unusual incidents in the area. They've been quiet for two hours now; Ben trying to come up with a strategy and Jesse waiting on him.
His father turns to him with a fond smile, “Jack!” Castiel says, putting a steady hand on his shoulder. “I have a surprise that you’ll definitely love. Remember my trip to Sioux Falls the other day?”
“You’re so different than in the photos and videos I see on the internet!” Jack says and Rowena just smirks. “I mean, you’re a beautiful woman in person. But in what I’ve seen online, you’re always glowing with purple magic! It’s…”
“Look at you, baby wings, looking exactly like baby bro when he was in college,” Gabriel says as he ruffled Jack’s hair. “Except for the blond mop though.”
“Bitch,” he says. It was a reflex to being called a jerk by Sammy. Something that started as an obnoxious quip at his baby brother but grew to be their thing as siblings.
“We don't know what might happen to you if you merge!” Ben protested. They argued for a bit about individuality and consciousness melding and losing his soul in the process. But Jesse remembers Lord El-Melloi mentioning the Einzbern family's Third Magic.
Castiel looks at his son, proud of his way with words and sweetness. If only he could embrace Claire at this moment so he could thank her for raising her brother in his absence.
The next frame shows the first time anyone has taken a clear picture of the Hunter. This time it was Dean’s father, John. The picture was taken in broad daylight when John had teamed up with other heroes and a (reluctant) villain:
suspired unto the glass door of the display cabinet in his living room. He is staring at the silver short sword resting on a velvet line case. That weapon used to be his weapon of choice for self-defense whenever he was on the field. But after the atrocities he committed in Purgatory, he elected it best to retire what people dubbed the “Angel Blade.”
The bullet hits Frankenstein in between the brows and Valentine makes her way to the backstreet, a growing smirk enhancing the folds of her face. “All yours,” she says to an approaching Angel.
“I’m sure she is,” Jesse says. He reaches out for Jack’s shoulder and squeezes tight. When he pulls his hand away, “So how about your other family members?”
“I’m just wondering how you’re a Berserker and I can still have a conversation with you,” Jacks shares as plainly as he could. There are other questions running in his mind but decides against them for now. “Won’t the Mad Enhancement mess with your ability to think clearly?”
Jack put some books he no longer needed inside his locker. He got there before Jesse so he took the time to organize his things. The morning went by slower than he wanted. He was looking forward to spending more time with Jesse that the classes felt excruciatingly slower. He felt a tap on his shoulder.
The Bunker is… literally a bunker. But it wasn’t made by doomsday preppers, but by a group of academics and mages that called themselves the Men of Letters. And Sam is a Legacy, a descendant of one of its esteemed members. That’s why he inherited this particular chapter house in the heart of Lebanon, Kansas. It contained various magical tomes and artifacts, records of mage families, and the world’s largest collection of supernatural and paranormal knowledge.
The Golem gently drops the rifles on to the floor and begins rushing towards the woman. Aaron tells it to stop because they don’t know who or what the woman exactly is. But he is shocked to find the Golem laugh and give the woman a tight hug and raise her from the floor. He had never seen this behavior from the Golem before.
Jesse jumps, nearly falling off the cliff, when the voice cut the night-silence. Someone found him. Could be the authorities, his grandpap will tear him a new one if he gets arrested. Or it could be Frankenstein again.
Kaia shrugs, “I mean how could I not? Our cells were right next to each other…” Kaia stops herself and stares at her artwork. “Oh!”
A small smile crept its way onto Jack’s lips. He enjoys seeing his dads bicker. Uncle Sam told him that old married couples do that to keep a healthy romance. It was a form of… he forgot the term uncle Sam used.
“Hey! Food’s ready!” she hears Dean calling. She stands up, makes her way to their room to wake Kaia up.
Gabriel was nursing a large lollipop. From the looks of it, it was blueberry. Gabriel’s collection of sweets was always color-coded. He once told Jack that it was easier to know right away, compared to the elaborate packaging designs of candy nowadays. “You didn’t tell us where you were going,” he reprimands Jack.
“Hello, I’m Jack. And you’re Rowena MacLeod! Dad, it’s the Queen of the Damned!” Jack says, almost jumping in excitement before taking his seat beside his father.
“So, we’re prepping family dinner!” Claire said as she walked in the kitchen, raising her arm so her phone’s front camera could cover everything around her.
Jack almost jumped when two arms flew right before him, reaching for whatever was hidden by his shock.
Then they hear a knock on the door. They both went silent and stared at each other wide-eyed. Ben silently takes his gun from underneath his pillow and positions himself behind the door. Jesse (now being a servant) is less susceptible to harm so he places his hand on the doorknob and slowly opens it.
Servant. And newer Servants are generally weaker because their stories and legends haven’t taken root in the world or they haven’t gained much popularity yet. At least that kind of(?) explains the outfit.
Angel chuckles. “You’ve followed protocol and you’ve been able to catch up with my flying,” he says.
. A battle royale style competition ritual from the far East that grants the winning Servant-Master pair a wish from the Holy Grail. The ultimate stage where mages and other magical practitioners get to test the limits of their abilities. And Jack Kline will take part in it.
“I’m sorry, Jesse. Jack’s father has strict rules,” Dean said. He squinted to get a better look at the time on the laptop’s screen. “It’s almost midnight.”
Jack focuses his attention on his Servant. This fight is demanding a lot of magical energy and from his periphery, the building sweat on Sam tells him the same. “No. I just figured it out from the way they talk and greeted each other,” he answers. “Were they lovers?”
wasn’t there to protect them because Jack was being born at that very moment. And she could never blame her brother for something that had nothing to do with him. Then Kaia told her “
Ben jumped onto the sofa, his feet raised to the armrest at its sides, knowing his brother liked to sit on the floor. “Nice.”
A circular pattern, shaped like the grooves in the barrel of a gun. He learned from the Academy that Command Spells are emblematic when they manifest. Well, he does have a tendency to use guns in his magecraft, so, it pretty much fits.
Jesse picks up his phone and walks closer to Jack. “What are you doing here?” he asks. Jack was wearing Marvelous Marvin pyjamas, and he looked pretty good in them.
They both turn to look at Meg on the platform, trying different bursts of psychic energy on the suit. The suit is impressive, being able to withstand a force that Castiel once saw Meg use against—his then mind-controlled brother—Gadreel in an attempt to protect Kevin.
She repositions herself and Dean grabs at her left shoulder, and they do the move all over again and again. And again. And again. And again. Training gets tedious at times. Sometimes Dean would have her do the same move for about an hour before moving on, and then he has her doing the same move again the next day. Today isn’t any different.
Sam pockets his phone and presses on the blinking dots to confirm, the radiation readings and location, popping up on a small space at the side of the table.
A few moments later, Claire was sitting on a bench by the parking lot, beside the scary man. Her mother and father were in a car a few feet away from them, and she could hear her mom screaming. Before Claire started crying, the man offered her his fries, which she gladly accepted.
Claire insisted on dropping Jack off to school using Castiel’s car, the tan Lincoln they affectionately called the
Jack had powers. He can move things with his mind, he regenerates faster than even his father, he can teleport, and he can change people’s perception of reality in a
“Where’s the fun in that, Cas?” the Hunter asks, turning towards the winged man behind him. He raises the man he knocked out by the ankle and slams him onto the last approaching goon.
It’s been a long time since Jesse used his powers in such a large scale, like what he’s about to do now. He stands up and his eyes go pitch dark. He raises both his arms in opposite directions, but both towards the thick rain clouds. And then jet-black tendrils of smoke jut out of him towards the clouds and the plains around Uluru. The clouds dissipate and the massive stone formation becomes dry as all incorporated water transform into glowing balls of light around him and Jack. Then his eyes return to their natural hazel state and the dark smoke from him disappears.
Ben sits up straight and puts his phone down on the bedside table, “Coming with me and finding out one of the Masters is a comatose patient.”
As if to save the day, Mrs. Butters comes in holding a tray of burgers (a veggie burger for Sam), fries, and a couple of bottles of beer (but Dean gets a glass of prune juice).
As usual, feel free to leave kudos and comments! Feel free to share your thoughts, I am open to any kind of reaction. Check the end notes for more details on upcoming chapters!
“I’m not drunk enough for that yet, son,” Bobby says, passing the tablet he was holding to Castiel. “Bring it here, Ash!”
in the dungeon just finished. They got what they needed, well, at least relevant information, and Castiel immediately makes his way.
Sam Winchester-Leahy is staring at the Command Spells imprinted on his right hand. A pentagram within a circle of flames. It looks exactly like the anti-demon possession sigil tattooed on his chest. He thought he’s gotten out of the
The young Winchester couldn’t help but agree. “True. But I’m glad you took your chance,” Jack confessed.
The receptionist pulls a pencil from the mug beside her and throws it square onto his face. “Stop that. For the past year you’ve been coming here, you pout and brood and linger on dead thoughts every time you see me,” she says, disappointment etching her face.
There’s a clip of Valentine inside a prison cell. She tries to change shape several times but her body keeps reverting back into her black woman form whenever white light flashes.
you have to make me pancakes tomorrow!” she offers, taking a seat at the chair nearest to the fridge.
“Dean, I’m perfectly fine—” Castiel tries to protest but Dean pokes at his left side and he winces in pain.
Dean sits down on the table, his blue steel pout making it obvious that he’s thinking. He looks up at Kaia, “Can we see the painting?”
Delphine laughs at the banter, “Yes, but the other pairs will do anything to remove us from the War as well. And we would have to confirm participation with the Church-appointed supervisor in Kansas.”
The box with the city’s bird’s eye view shifts to ground level along with facial recognition software working its magic. The camera changes a lot but focuses on a tall handsome man.
Angel takes flight and lands before the police officers who have just arrived to fix their positions in case the fight went beyond the backstreet.
After a few minutes of him running to his room upstairs to put on the main suit and boots there, fixing his hair just to look right, and Bobby assisting with clasping on the additional equipment, he’s ready. Well, almost ready.
“Oh, you boys! You’re making me cry,” Mrs. Butters says, wiping a rogue teardrop on her cheek. “You three, wait in the library and discuss this Grail business. I’ll make us Dean’s favorite burgers!” she says with a wink to Dean.
He wanted to pop in Jack’s house but the painting the boy showed was concerning. Jesse heard Jack say ‘Patience’ and ‘dream’ in one sentence and he immediately knew it was his cousin. How many clairvoyant Patience Turners are out in the world anyway? And Patience’s visions about family always comes true.
just adds more confusion, and anger, and questions in Sam’s head. That Mark is like the equivalent of a Berserker-class’s Mad Enhancement, and it made Dean kill innocent people before.
The last time he was in a room this lifeless was during the Purgatory Incident seven years ago. He was fifteen then, terrified and there were shadows whispering just outside his door. He looked around the room and aside from himself, there was nothing there, nothing to count other than the door and the four walls that towered over him. He closed his eyes and wished to be away, normally it would work, he’d done it countless times. An inconspicuous disc flashed white light above the door and went away. When he tried to leave the room again nothing happened save for his labored breathing and that white light. When he had started panicking, the door opened, and entered a tall man that spoke in a Texan accent. As a fan of heroes and villains he knew who this was; Frankenstein.
Claire is walking around the library, scanning every object and book her eyes land on. On one of the shelves is an iridescent black feather encased in clear resin.
Sam, who was sitting quietly since he dropped the bags somewhere above Canada, decides to make his thoughts known. “Dean, you wouldn’t be training a kid to replace you if you weren’t.”
“Didn’t you say your dads were high school sweethearts?” Jesse asked Jack. “Then how are you the same age?” He immediately followed.
Now a formerly Divine Spirit Berserker is his Servant. Jack at least wanted any of the other two knight classes if he didn’t get Saber. But that’s all in the past now. He would just have to give this Holy Grail War his all. There’s really no way around it.
is a bit unhappy. It’s almost 1PM in the afternoon, yet the only thing he has done today is take a cat off a tree that climbed right back up as soon he gave it to its owner. The little girl even called him Golden Boy. He hopes it doesn’t catch on.
“Yup! My brother has rubbed off on you,” Sam laughs again. “He’s serious about this being a ‘Family business.’ So, when I said you were like a daughter to him, that was true. Cas or no Cas, kicking him in the nuts was the right thing to do.”
Dean looks at his brother, “Dropped her off before I passed the Stateline. Got what we needed and she said she could take care of herself from there.”
“I don’t know,” Lisa repeated. “And as a hormonal teenager whose feelings were tripled because of pregnancy I shouted at him for not knowing because I didn’t know what to do too. And in my head I believed that shouldn’t be the case. We can’t
Dean’s hearty laugh then echoed throughout the kitchen. He turned to Lisa and said “Jack likes Jesse’s hair,” raising both eyebrows repeatedly in quick succession.
“No,” Jack says, seemingly offended that she’d think him that rude. “It’s hauntingly ethereal,” he proclaims with a nod, as he stuffed his mouth with bacon.”
The moment his tongue stops hissing, his right hand glows and a symbol etches onto his skin. He brings it closer to his face and inspects it. It looks like a toddler failed to write the letter W multiple times and just resigned to writing the number 7 over it instead. “Damn! That looks ugly,” he says with all the conviction he could muster.
Sam sighs, “Dean if people make the connection between the Hunter and Angel, it wouldn’t be good for Cas’s reputation.”
Jack pouts. “That’s rude. If you don’t like Kaia’s art you should’ve told me instead,” he says, offended on behalf of his friend.
When Jack dematerializes his wings, Jesse lets loose a breath he was holding. “They look beautiful, Jack!”
As the smell from fresh bacons wafted into his room he decided to go downstairs, expecting Dean to already have a plate prepared for him.
Alistair. It was during the months he went undercover, trying to get close to Yellow Eyes. Dean had this rule that he’ll never hurt someone unable to fight. But when Alistair had a loose-mouth hanged on a rack, and Dean accepted a barber’s blade from him, he relished in the screams.
“Don’t think I’ve forgotten about you, dear Celeste,” Rowena points at Charlie, her burgundy-tipped finger rotating towards the other redhead. “My offer to teach you magic still stands!”
He didn't object. It was an exciting thought, maybe he could get a glimpse into the world his dad used to live in. The Mage Association did employ Hunters from time to time. He even met his best friend there.
“Dude, why didn’t you tell me big sis was coming back today?” Ben then pushed Jack a little stronger than he intended. “Sorry,” he apologized seeing as how his brother almost fell.
“Welcome home, Jack,” says a mechanical sounding voice. He’s not sure where it came from but the door opened as soon as he heard it. And it closed immediately after he stepped inside.
She just now notices that the patient-Master was unconscious or comatose. She's alone in this fight. She's terrified, it wasn't uncommon for competitors to take out the Masters first. She can't die before she even had a fighting chance. She had a deal with Sam and Dean. She wanted to win. Her mom was in another room with Clive, she needs to win for both of them. She needs to succeed. She is crying.
In the three years she’s been training, Dean has taught her in multiple fighting disciplines, weapons training (both melee and firearms), and some military strategy and war theory. Now, they’re training how to do those different fighting styles in tandem with each other.
There’s a landing platform behind the door for, you guessed it, more stairs. Luckily, this is the last flight of fifteen steps they have to tread, because Claire can see the war room already.
Dean, rubbing on his eyes, mutters obscenities too early for a Saturday morning. “And why are they any important?”
“The Supernatural Books maybe?” Deans says, averting Sam’s gaze by pretending to look at the different books around them.
“Yes?” he says, unsure of how to answer. A lot of filthy thoughts run through his mind at the mention of “Master” so one word is the safest response he could think of.
“She’s definitely still in the War but her Servant kinda went rogue. She’ll help, but if we help her find her Servant first.”
“There was an explosion in the building. Fire’s spread to the neighboring establishments,” says Charlie.
Jack collects himself from his excitement and stops when he sees Jesse just smiling at him. “I’m sorry. I guess I was geeking out again,” He apologizes.
“You okay, dude?” worry floating around Charlie's words. For a moment, she was distracted by a short, bearded man and a tall leather-clad woman across the hallway, entering one of the private rooms.
“Hey, Angel!” Demoness calls out. “Let’s check on your kid.” he feels her mind lift him up the ground and they float back to Jack’s location. “Thank God I asked to be transferred here.”
They had the car parked in front of the school, Claire and Jack sat on the hood while Kaia remained in the front seat. She wanted to surprise Ben, never telling him that she got back this morning.
Yet there are some codenames that are more complicated in origin. Jack thinks about the legendary Superhero who made his father’s current suit, Bobby Singer, who everyone calls
He closes his laptop, gets up, and makes his way to the kitchen. Eileen is coming home from a ghoul hunt in Dodge City and she’ll need a warm meal when she gets home. He takes out a piece of steak from the fridge and he grimaces as it slapped on the chopping board when he put it down. His wife might love him with all her heart but she’ll never part with meat.
And then there was the last picture. Jody was holding a baby in her hands (who she assumed again was Alex). But there were several people beside her. To her right was a blonde who looked like a cop, and behind her were two old men who appear to be arguing. Behind Jody, towering over everyone, was a long-haired man with a huge smile on his face. And to Jody's left was her dad and Dean Winchester, both distracted by the baby in Sheriff Jody Mills' arms.
When Bobby presses the button again. Jack is shivering with anticipation. When the door rises and he sees certain forms and equipment he realizes what the surprise is. And it is only when the bright lights in the Garrison illuminate the entire set, did he jump and hug his father tight.
“You’re like a daughter to him you know?” Claire turns around and sees Sam, all smiles, approaching to stand next to her.
An eerie, disgusting, chemical green light washes over the entire room. Streaks of verdurous electricity crawl around the room before reality shatters around them like glass and Charlie, the man, and the two Servants are all swallowed by the darkness that awaited behind the broken glass of reality.
Claire can’t argue with him when it came to that. Sam said that John and Dean were arguing about their mother during a fight that’s why Yellow Eyes was able to sneak up on them and shoot John in the back.
As his brother continues babbling about the Impala as his Noble Phantasm, Sam stands up and makes his way to Dean’s side. His brother and his wife don’t seem to notice but Mrs. Butters whispers his name, sensing what’s in his mind.
When the man turns around that’s when he speaks. “Hello!” Jack says, with an ear-to-ear smile and his right hand raised, stationary beside his head.
The Heavens part and a massive pillar of burning white light appears, engulfing Berserker as it struck down. But it was met with a torrent of Hell-flame and thick dark smoke. The growing tower of screaming agony swallows Rider whole as it rose up to meet the other Servant’s blow halfway.
“Sam!” Mrs. Butters shouts. Sam knows that he stepped over a line somewhere. But it’s too late, he already crossed it and he’s not backing down. That’s the bullheadedness that the Winchesters are known for.
is perched on a skyscraper in Chicago, in complete uniform, overlooking Lake Michigan. High above the city line there is nothing to distract from his view of distant forests and land formations that fade into an obscure desaturated blue. Whatever things fly in the air and whichever clouds drift past his line of sight merely enhance this literal breathtaking experience. Each fleeting figure a twist in the kaleidoscope, an unknowable pattern tessellating into the infinite.
“And you’re the only one in the family who’s been called a Superhero,” Gadrel jokes, nudging at Castiel’s sides. “You know I only agreed to be deployed here to cover for you for the day,” he says, smiling.
“Jack’s adopted,” Maggie said as if it was hers to tell. Jesse was more shocked that Jack was okay with it. Okay with it or didn’t hear it all as Jack was still thinking to himself.
“But weren’t you still together at that time?” Kaia asked not particularly directed at any of the two.
Angel’s eyes widen as Frankenstein and his men open fire at him with their artillery. He shields his face from the barrage, almost pressed deep on his left arm chelidon,  It wouldn’t do any piercing damage but it still hurt. And he doesn’t look forward to possible bruises on his face. Then he feels someone use his inclined back as a ramp and jump towards Frankenstein. He sighs.
This time he actually sees his grandpap’s beach house as he almost re-materialized but then he was pulled back to this damned living room.
sorry for being interested in our child’s romantic life.” He put down the burger on his own empty plate.
“Orphaned and gay,” shouted the other boy. And some students who were paying attention laughed at Jesse. The bullies turned the corner and disappeared.
“But there was a bright light, and my aunt placed herself in between the light and the civilians. I did it too. But—but two people I was supposed to be protecting died because of my inexperience,” Jack stops, wiping a few fingers on his eyes.
Jack drops the papers in his hand and turns to his newfound friend, “Well, I heard my dad call you that as well.”
Clive Dylan was this gentle soul that she offered to stay with her when he no longer had a place to stay in or to go to. He was in his senior years and had just found himself homeless and alone when he and Charlie met. So, she offered him the guest bedroom. She never asked anything in return but in the month and a half they've known each other he has cared for her like a father would his daughter.
The Hunter spins under Angel’s wing and tackles the man who shot at him, pinning him to the floor. He jumps up and slams his foot on the man’s face, effectively putting him to sleep.
“Well, my sister doesn’t have powers so she can’t manifest hers,” Jack says, seemingly dejected. He bites on his lips before saying “But she’s strong in other ways.”
Unwanted memories resurfaced yesterday. It is days like this that Castiel wishes he could just go fly to the Bunker and nestle with Dean in his quarters and ignore the rest of the world. Surrender to his desires for once. But he had no idea where the Bunker actually is, and actively avoids asking Charlie
The two Servants stare at each other. That one second of connection, stretched infinitely through the profound bond they shared in life. They finish their chants at exactly the same time and silence deafens everyone’s ears for one seemingly unending moment.
They shook hands and made the contract. Surprisingly, it worked and now Jesse found himself in a situation that he never thought he'd be in.
Jack noticed Castiel come in through the front door, holding bags that he assumed were Claire’s and Kaia’s. “Good morning!”
Whenever they were let out of their cells, they placed collars on them that had small barbs that stuck to their necks. It functioned like the flashing light in their cells but whenever they tried using their powers, their bodies would experience extreme pain. He could tell how it worked. His influence on the things around him were limited to his own body and it kept him from zapping away by keeping every cell in his body in place.
Bobby looks at him, lips pressed and nestled underneath his full beard. After a moment he says, “This is classified but… the DoD ordered ten working units for their Sentinels. I told them I get to keep any prototype for my own use and the patent’s ownership remains with me.”
Charlie and Gabriel were barely concealing their hushed laughter at Castiel’s words. Jack doesn’t find it funny though. But he simply disregards it as him being away for so long, so he just smiles.
“It’s just a bad remake of a fabulous kids show,” Kaia added, burying her head as much as she could in Claire’s neck.
Berserker hums, biting his lower lip and then let goes. “I doubt I’ve ever been observed as a Servant. I was put into the Throne of Heroes fairly recently. Just around two decades ago as a matter of fact,” he says as such an aside that Jack is taken aback. “But then again, I shouldn’t remember any previous summonings.”
how hard could it be? And still existing Servants—Living Heroes as they called them—aren't unheard of.
“You don’t recognize him?” Charlie asks. When Jack shakes his head she types on her keyboard, “Kevin, on main screen please.”
Kaia mistakenly enters the library, eyes glued to her phone, and takes a seat on one of the tables. It takes her a moment to realize that there are other people in the Bunker. Dean raises his brows at her in disbelief. Then she quickly makes her exit.
“I'll make it up to you,” Clive mumbles. He stares at the three-fingered hand tattooed at the back of Charlie's hand.
“It’s part of my story right? It’s in one of Chuck’s unpublished books that Becky managed to dredge up,” Dean defends himself.
Jack’s Servant turns to the two Masters and extends a glowing hand. And in an instant all four of them are transported into an open field near the Stateline. By the freeway is Rider’s car, the Impala, transported along with them.
When his uncle responds, Jack realizes that it’s like a phone call and he couldn’t stop himself from speaking, “Hi, dad!”
Claire takes a seat on the table. “I read about that. Even terrorist groups ordered a ceasefire then.”
he started to feel disillusioned about the life. He became a prime target for Yellow Eyes. Meg’s father.
Sam closes the laptop in front of him. “Glad to see you didn’t kill anyone today,” he said, smiling.
“Us?” Jack asks, pulling away from Jesse with a wide smile on his face. He looks to his right and sees Ben sandwiched between the door and the drywall. “Ben!” hugging him with as much force as he gave Jesse earlier.
Before Jack even knew it he’d been in a call with Jesse for 2 hours. Jack could talk for hours when he was with Jesse. There’s something about the other boy that pulls him out of his usual quietness and makes him excited about everything.
Sam drops the knife but it doesn’t clatter. It ends up back on the knife rack, because with Mrs. Butters’ magic, any form of untidiness never occurs.
Jack takes the laptop in between the stacks of paper and opens up an image file. It’s a beautifully drawn full-body portrait of Jack in his hypothetical costume in mid-action.
His eyes glow once more and he faces the victims. One by one, he does what Cherub asks of him, and all of the ambulance personnel give him smiles of approval.
“Jack went on his first date the other day,” Castiel said with more enthusiasm than Jack would usually expect from him. “A cute boy from his school asked him out.”
His dad took the seat across from him, mug in hand and a proud smile on his face. “Jesse making you feel all the good things right off the bat huh?” Dean said as he sipped his coffee.
Aaron cautiously approaches the woman, his knife outstretched to prevent the other remaining Thule from coming closer. The woman scrambles towards him and Aaron pulls her close. “Still doesn’t answer my question.”
“I’m pretty sure he is,” said Ben, now back to pointing finger guns at the chachkies dotting the shelves. When he turned to point it at the door he saw Kaia.
He looks at the open rear of the vehicle but the goons are standing in between him and his new target. Angel takes a sweep of his surroundings and sees the Hunter still engaged in combat with Frankenstein. When the Hunter manages to kick Frankenstein square on the chest that’s when he shouts, “Hunter, third body bag, still breathing!”
Jack just nods. He stares at the distance; his lashes reflect the soft glow from Jesse’s light constructs. “Well, until that day comes, we remain friends.”
Angel to speak with him directly. “Oh, my wife works at my construction company’s office. It’s take-your-kid-to-work day.”
The Hunter’s view of Frankenstein and his goons are obscured by the explosion, that’s why he fired two more just to be sure. He can see massive holes in the adjacent walls and the remaining walls crack and almost crumble. When the dust (and pieces of the asshole dumb enough to let himself be thrown) settle, he sees Angel’s iridescent raven wings span the backstreet, and Frankenstein and his crew are unharmed.
“We had just told our parents that I was pregnant. We decided to tell both sets at the same time at Dean’s house. John, your grandfather, told us to go upstairs to Dean’s room so the adults could talk. My mom and Mary gave him a puzzled look,” Lisa said almost giggling at every word, “and then dad raised his voice “It’s not like she can get knocked up while she’s still pregnant!””
Dean scoffed at her, “Maybe in some alternate universe.” In his mind he imagined himself as a monster hunter in that universe.
“Relax,” the woman says. “I am Delphine Seydoux. Are you the Master that summoned me?” she asks Aaron.
He returns to his work and notices Jesse staring at the empty space Rowena left behind. “That was the Queen of the Damned,” he says, tentative finger pointing at the empty space.
Dean looks away, shielding himself from Cas’s piercing gaze. “Oh, shit,” he mouths. He prepares himself; Cas will realize Claire is here as well.
Sam just observes his brother stand up and inspect the first tome he sees and explain how it’s possible that the shoddy writing about their lives from a long-dead prophet could’ve gained him enough fanfare to catch the Counter Force’s attention. That and the fact that they’ve saved many people and stopped an Apocalypse or two, and, despite promises, people talk.
Castiel adopted her and blamed Gadreel for what happened. She blamed Jimmy for being helpless. When she first told Kaia, her girlfriend told her that (following Claire’s logic) Castiel was as much to blame since it was
Sam clears his throat, “So get this,” he stops when the two Servants laugh. Those three words have been Sam’s catchphrase for the past two and a half decades. He elects not to exercise his annoyance and continues, “I was barely in my 20s when the previous War happened, kinda the same age as you.”
When Mrs. Butters finishes passing around the food, they make small talk. Mostly Sam catches Dean up with what he’s been doing the past two decades. Dean congratulates them for getting married and he asks how different the world is when he was still alive.
Now he is in front of a blue and gray research facility the size of a small compound. Yet, as sentimental as an old drunk can get, he kept the name and the original signboard. The beat-up, dull-painted 6’x15’ wood panel looks horrendous in front of the modern architecture, and Castiel loves it.
A small drop of water falls on his shoulder, and he looks up. The rain quickly dampens everything except for his mood. Jack is already splashing around and stomping on every puddle he could find. At first Jesse stops himself, but with the effervescent smile on the other boy’s face begging him to join, he relents. After a few seconds of jumping around, Jack pulls at both his hands and spins them both. Jesse loses his footing and falls down, dragging Jack with him, both laughing hysterically.
“Hello, ladies,” he announces himself and Nancy runs up to him with a hug. “Oh, Nancy. Henriksen would think you’re fraternizing with the enemy!”
“Just a few toys and a suit,” Bobby wheezes. He turns to Castiel and taps his temple with one finger, “I’m a paranoid bastard, Cas. A plan on paper beats anyone dumb as a rock to rely on brute force.”
Eileen, visibly uncomfortable, looks at Sam and holds his hands. Her husband just stares at her in-law so she speaks for him, “Yes, Dean. How did you end up in the Throne of Heroes?”
“Let me guess, we are in the Bunker? I recognize the acrid stench of pathetic Winchester failure,” Styne quips.
What’s more surprising is how it could talk despite not having an actual throat. And its lack of tact. “I only use blunts,” Aaron defends himself. “It calms me down.”
Jack, still giggling, raised his laptop and faced it towards his bedside. There, sprawled out on the air mattress on the floor was Ben, feet spread apart and his entirety a tangle of blankets, pillows, and limbs.
He doesn’t know why but Jesse blushes and turns his head away from the boy. He slowly looks at his gracious host when he feels his blush calm down. “You’re awfully okay ‘bout it. Excited even.”
He rubs his face several times and walks away. “Hold on to your questions, Cas. Plenty of time later,” Dean says, making his way to the dungeon.
Part 2 is a little longer than the previous one. Well, it is a chapter that's titled "World Building," go figure.
Jesse lightly drums the tabletop. “So that’s it,” he cooed. “Hey, is there… by any chance, that you said this is “home” in the last 24 hours?” he says, gesturing around him.
The angel shakes Jack’s hand, “Then I am your Servant in this Holy Grail War.” The light from his eyes and the short sword disappears. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Jack Kline. My name is Castiel. I am an Angel of the Lord.”
He scours the paper bag on the passenger seat for tissues and immediately wipes his arm after gingerly placing the burger on his dashboard. He stops when he sees the back of his hand, his Command Spells, glistening from the oil.
dying again. They tried to reason with him, he didn't have to make a wish if they won. “Hell! You can wish to never be summoned again,” is what Ben said. He then tells them that that's not how any of the Greater Grails work. Once the winning Servant makes contact with the Greater Grail they are given physical forms. And there’s no telling if they'll be removed from the Throne or not. Then Eliot stopped yammering for a moment. He looked at Jesse and asked him what he was exactly. Ben said it was rude but Jesse chastised him. It was, but an idea sprung up in his head.
Aaron just now notices the massive magic circle around them, the Arc, and a woman on the floor, whimpering.
Jack nodded to that. He did want to learn how to move boulders with his mind. Or at the very least a #2 pencil.
He passes by the living room and greets Charlie, bags of fresh produce and what looks suspiciously like several jars of honey. “You'll never believe the amazing deal they had in the Market today,” he says through an ear-to-ear grin.
“Well, they still got next time. Anyway I was in the Throne of Heroes and then I hear a call,” Dean says, his hands waving animatedly as he speaks. “And the next thing I knew I was in your room, I was about to wake you up when I heard Eileen call out your name.”
Claire lied to Jack about leaving the country and has gone to Kansas to resume her training as the Hunter.
Dean, all smug, opens the dry box and presents to her another suit that’s exactly the same (folded), a pair of combat boots, and a pair of gauntlets. “These babies double as pile bunkers. You land a punch, it activates, sending 20lbs at 4Gs to the unlucky bastard at the receiving end.” Dean says while holding the gauntlets, looking more excited than Claire is. “What do you think?”
“Dean’s helping Bobby take something from the garage,” Sam says, finally getting a bite into his mouth.
“What is that they’re hauling?” Jack asks, seeing several figures around Frankenstein loading bags into a vehicle.
So, Claire went looking. And she ran into a mother-daughter duo, Jody and Alex, whose hunting operation was based on Sioux Falls, South Dakota. It felt as if the world itself willed that she ran into them.
Claire left Lancer a change of clothes she took from Kaia's apartment. She was functionally the same as her girlfriend except for their experiences and personalities. Her Kaia is reserved and creative, while Lancer was forward and pragmatic. She was thankful for that. She didn't have to experience all those misplaced feelings for body doubles she'd read in fanfiction from when she was a teenager.
Not once did he think someone would ask him out on a date. He was beginning to think that the high school romances that he watched in shows or read in fanfiction wasn’t for him. But Jesse changed that. Not that they had a romance. But that first date could be a start to something like one.
The next thing the man—Dean does, shocks Jack. He inches forward and plants a deep and passionate kiss on Berserker’s lips, which Jack’s Servant returns just as fiercely.
“It is not of import,” Cas says in his menacing Angel voice. “We want to know why you kidnapped him a second time.”
Jesse laughed, more to himself than at what Jack said. “If you told me that before I would’ve asked you out sooner.”
“Cherub! Where is—” Angel pauses when he sees the sullen look on her face. She nods towards his left and returns to her work.
“Well,” Dean says, cocking his head to the side with a mischievous smirk. He then holds Berserker’s hand and pulls him towards the transept. “Let’s go meet pastor Jim.”
Patience and Kaia were sent to live in a group home for Purgatory kids that needed adjusting, they needed time to go back into the real world. Sam Winchester, a lawyer, approached his parents and offered to send him as well but they declined. That’s probably how Jack met the girls.
Clive unloads the contents of the bags on the kitchen table and Charlie puts them in their proper homes. “You look for your glasses while you still have them on,” she teases him.
got used to it. She's been going to this hospital for over twenty years now yet it's always like the very first week after the accident. Until before graduating high school, her social worker drove her here, she was merely duty-bound and didn't really want to accompany her. Years later, Dean, who was like an older brother she never wanted, came with her and even volunteered to proxy whenever Charlie was away in Avalon.
In the image he’s wearing a brown ochre body suit with a high neck, sleeves that cut just above halfway of his arm, and gold piping. At the center of his chest is a circle made out of five adjacent bars. His combat boots look exactly like his father’s but with the same ochre hue of his suit. His mask is a simple single golden bar that ran across his face, hugging the contour of his face.
Jesse closes his eyes and Jack can see him breathe in deep. “I have to go,” he says before disappearing.
Jody's house back then was too large for a family of two but Claire didn't question it. The pictures she saw on the living room shelves were answers enough. There was one with Jody on her wedding day. One of her (presumably) late son and husband. Another with a little girl who she assumed was Alex.
The Kline family wasn’t a mage family (they think Jack’s magic comes from his father’s side). But they were considered as a political asset. His forefathers, and even his own mother, were able to help seat people into the presidency. Which led to the fossil in his hands be in the possession of the Klines.
He can hear his father take a deep breath, already regretting the next words to come from him. “He’s been kidnapping and murdering anyone with innate magical abilities.”
from the Church. But a part of him tells him that there’s more to this story. And he spots, Dean staring at his Servant like he’s the beauty of every star in creation and one of the many wonders of the universe itself, mouth slightly agape and eyes beaming.
Luckily then, Sam was in a court hearing and Eileen was out of the country, because Styne had brought an entire strike force with him. Despite holding their own, they were slowly overwhelmed. Dean managed to kill Styne’s cousin and right-hand man, Roscoe, but that prompted Styne to use enough tranqs that could knock down an elephant on Dean. The last thing he saw and heard was Styne seeing Charlie and told his men to take her as well.
Styne blinks rapidly, the sudden introduction of light blinding him momentarily. When he comes to, he sees Dean with his arms around Cas and grins. “So, boys. How’s Jesse?” And when no one responds, “He went poof, didn’t he?”
Jimmy was able to hack at the thing’s neck with their emergency axe, but not after her mother Amelia laid dead on the floor, and Jimmy succumbed to his injuries soon after.
The latter probably just arrived as well. She told Sam that she’ll retrieve the May King’s arrow from a cousin dryad. Sam wanted to keep his options for Servants open and Robin Hood was a formidable Heroic Spirit according to the books in the Bunker.
And much like that piece of meat, a small laughter escaped Jack’s lips. “Dad, you’re not really setting a good example,” he said.
According to Lord El-Melloi II, North America’s leylines are weaker, more brittle, than those of South America and Asia. It was a fact that prevented American magic associations to recreate the ritual from the far East. But that was only until the late 19
He nods furiously. And then he goes off to list all the ways he has prepared himself for this day. Never stopping even if his uncle Gabriel just zaps in with bed hair, half-naked and initially unaware of the disappointed look on Castiel’s face.
Gabriel finishes putting together his sandwiches, puts them on a plate, and makes his way past Jack. “Follow me,” he commands his nephew.
Henriksen and his team have left. Meg and Castiel stayed behind in the Bunker. Meg’s job is done and Castiel no longer has reason to provide escort. They’re sitting in the war room drinking beer with Eileen and the brothers. It’s been a long day for all of them and they just want to relax in this momentary calm.
Jesse uses his powers to lift up a dry bush and bring it closer, hovering in front of them. His eyes become fuller than the dark night surrounding them and he stretches his arm. Jack stays quiet, observing every moment. Then the bush crumples, it compresses on itself, and in a matter of seconds it becomes a tiny diamond reflecting what little moonlight pierce the clouds.
Now’s he’s thinking about Angel biology and why is Castiel wearing an attire that makes him look like a 9-to-5 office worker?
“I think we need to talk,” Jody said from the living room entrance. Claire carefully put the picture back and steeled herself. Then Jody clapped her hands, “But first: dinner!”
Castiel stands up and grabs the loaf of bread from the kitchen cabinet, a butter-knife from the drying rack, and cheese spread from the fridge, and places them in front of Jack. “I’ll tell you some other time. Eat. We must meet with the War supervisor,” he says, making his way to the door.
—displayed before him. There on a headless mannequin was a short sleeved, high-necked, brown and gold suit. To its right, hanging by a frame are what he assumes are additional attachments (that looked like modern armor) with an insignia of five bars, side by side, forming a circle. And to its left is a pair of boots that look identical to his father’s.
him in the body bag. But he left the hospital before he could talk to anyone,” he says, a little quiver to his voice.
When the briefing is finished and Jack and Sam consented to the rules of the Holy Grail War, they exit the chapel, Berserker and Rider still hand-in-hand. The moment they set foot outside, Rider throws Berserker a good few meters away from him.
He was a vampire and Dean’s best friend long before his career as the Hunter. But the entire Incident messed him up. Benny had told Dean that he wanted to die but he can’t muster up the strength to kill himself. So, he threw himself in harm’s way. And when his survival instincts always got in the way, he realized being reckless wasn’t enough. So, he gave into his instincts and left a trail of blood-drained bodies in his wake, hoping someone competent enough would catch up. And somebody did, two people actually, Dean and Cas. Neither knew that the other was also investigating Benny, and they both kept their own teams in the dark as to what they were doing. Neither wanted to put an end to Benny but they knew he needed to be stopped. Benny thanked both of them before Dean cut off his head with his Knife as Cas stood there unable to watch.
Charlie pulls the zipper to Castiel’s suit gently, making sure none of his feathers get snagged in between the teeth. Once she pulls the zipper taut, she hastily fastens the locking mechanism in place.
“Alaya appeared before me after you left. I made a deal with the Counter Force; a place in the Throne of Heroes in exchange for preserving the Human Order,” Dean says, his voice shaking, trying to stop himself from speaking but due to the Command Spell the best he could do was break words, syncopated.
“So how does it feel? Do you think it needs any adjustments?” Bobby asks, tablet at the ready, prepared to take any notes.
. As Claire moves along, she sees different frames lining the wall, underneath the plaque of the names of the doomsday preppers who called themselves the
As he walks through the hallway, his helmet tucked under his left arm, his right hand scrapes his blade on the concrete walls beside him. No real reason, the sound just makes his brother’s ears hurt.
Both Jack and Berserker tilt their heads to the side ever so slightly at the same time. Rider blushes and stares at the two back and forth. He looks at his Master, raising both brows with a tight lip, signaling that they need to talk about it later.
“But Patience’s visions don’t always come true,” Jack says. His voice was so sure and maybe like Jesse, he doesn’t want it to happen.
“He’s training me so I wouldn’t,” Claire says, the certainty in her voice assuring. “Dean’s teaching me everything he knows so I won’t repeat his mistakes. He’s determined to take back the Hunter name.”
They arrive back in the Garrison, every light in the ceiling brighter than usual. Jack sees his father standing near a large container van, and he walks up to him.
The boy shakes, like he was pulled away from his thoughts. “Oh, no! I was just thinking about something,” he says. “Well, I was thinking two things actually.”
,” Castiel says, which as much enthusiasm as his son would probably have if he met Bobby in person. “And you don’t even have powers.”
“But it doesn’t mean it doesn’t hurt. Remember I was in a coma for a week after that,” he tries justifying his complaint.
Sam pulls both girls into a hug. “I missed you two,” he says with a sweetness a little too much for Claire’s taste. But she doesn’t protest, she likes hugs. “Come on in!”
Sam clears his throat loudly and it catches their attention. “That’s what they’re here to find out,” Sam nods to FBI agent Victor Henriksen and his five—
And then Jack’s eyes widen into saucers when he sees the man by the front of the truck as he turns around. And he can’t help himself but run towards him.
Rider begins chanting and his eyes become pitch black once more as wounds from countless unknowable fights appear on his skin.
Hello, guys! I'm posting back-to-back chapters today because of the lack of updates in the past few weeks. This Chapter is posted alongside the previous one "The Second Magic!" I hope you like it and don't forget to leave a kudos if you do!
“You better ease up on the servings, old man,” raised Claire. “Kaia’s already noticed that 3 months old baby you’re carrying.”
From then on, he shifted his career from hunting down who he deemed as assholes and started reaching out to survivors and hunted down perpetrators of the Purgatory Incident. And if some poor soul had gotten out of hand, he knew what needed to be done.
“Garrison to Angel. The Hunter is working with Valentine. Strike now,” Gabriel practically screams.  “I repeat, strike now.”
“Dad keeps dental dams in the medicine cabinet in case you brought Kaia—” Jack wasn’t able to finish when Claire sped away and the pimpmobile disappeared into the distance. He smiled, getting a jab at her sister and her girlfriend, payback for what happened in breakfast.
BUT there are some that chose their names during their debuts. Like the first Supervillain Nick Morningstar who told the police “Call me
Gabriel takes a sip from the tumbler on his side of the control board. “Loud and clear, Angel. Visuals on ground zero confirmed,” he declares.
“Me,” says a cold raspy voice. When Angel turns around, she sees a beautiful blonde, wearing a revealing white dress. She raises one hand and Angel is thrown out of the building and landed on the foot of a lamppost, barely missing a reporter that’s on a live coverage.
“I don’t care!” Rider screams, his roar, inhuman in all its hoarse guttural bellowing. A white Colt M19 pistol appears in his freehand and he aims at Berserker over their crossed arms. “And I’ve met your father. He was a real bitch.”
Angel walks closer, taking cautious steps, one hand tentatively raised. “I’m here to bring you to safety.”
“Just our luck, boys! Fetish Odbody and Psycho Ken Carter are out to put an end to our operation,” asserts Frankenstein. He puts a hand on one of his men as the psychopath in the helmet approaches them. “What do you say?” he says the smoothest his Texan drawl effortlessly allows him.
“Well, I like the company,” when Jack looks up at him, he sees the confused look on his face. “I don’t have much friends. You are my friend, right?”
“Castiel! Or should I say Berserker? I can’t believe that you’re a Servant,” the pastor says. “I guess no great deed goes unpunished. Just like Rider here,” he adds, pointing to Dean.
“We’re all good, kid,” Kaia assured him, making her way to the seat in front of Claire. “Don’t worry.”
The suit is a newer design courtesy of Bobby Singer. The new specifications were expensive and Castiel debated with the old drunk that he pays in full. But Bobby said that getting Dean to kill less people is payment enough. He recalls Dean telling him stories of how his dad would leave him and Sam in Bobby’s care when he was the Hunter. And justly so, Bobby made the current uniform that Dean wears nowadays.
All the bulbs in his living room explode as lightning and thunder violently assault outside his house. He vaguely sees all of the gemstones obliterated into fine dust. The fossil lights up and surge of magical energy throws him towards the wall behind him. When the light dims he sees the silhouette of a tall figure with massive wings.
When the dust partly settles, he sees Sentinel in the opposite quadrant, wings outstretched and gently lowering the debris he caught in his barrier.
“He’s here!” Charlie proclaims from the doorway, waving both hands at Jack making his signature hand wave at Rowena.
Rowena, Gabriel, and Charlie all look at Castiel when Jack stared at them, waiting for an answer. Castiel relents and turns to his son, “Sam is Dean’s brother.”
He can hear the terror in Charlie’s voice. “Running scans. The survivor is in the corner cubicle to your left,” she says.
Jack introduced Jesse to Ben and Maggie who they met at the line in the cafeteria. After grabbing whatever’s passable for the food authority’s baseline they found a square table perfect for the four of them. Jack and Jesse sat next to each other.
“Love language!” Jack interrupted, remembering what uncle Sam called what his parents were doing. Castiel’s head tilt is on him, as equally confused as the look his other dad gave him.
Castiel smiles a gummy smile he usually reserved for family. The suit would mean the world to Jack, and he couldn’t be thankful enough that Bobby’s giving two to his son for
Sam lost the most important people in his life in the previous War. The very reason why he quit witchcraft and hunting entirely. Well
Outside the Bunker, Dean looks up to the midnight sky, and turns around. The other three are confused and worried all at the same time. And then Dean stops, facing East. He takes a few steps forward and his eyes crinkle. His lips begin to part and a massive smile summons itself on his face. The Servant’s eyes water and they glisten under the silver moonlight.
Jack pulls back and beams at his uncle who puts down the bread and knife to give his shoulders a tight squeeze.
“I need to head home now,” Castiel says, slowly getting up, the blanket falling onto his chair. “Meg, you too! The DA will be mad at both of us if news gets out and we’re not home.”
are trying new things,” said Dean. His voice was loud enough to startle Claire, she almost dropped the jar.
Jesse bit his lips, closed his eyes, and brushed back the strands of his hair that were displaced. When he looked up, Jack’s face was riddled with concern.
Sometimes she misses those beginning days where the only thing Dean had her do was do a perfect split. When she questioned him if he could do it himself, he raised his leg all the way up to his head, with a shit-eating grin on his face, and told her to start stretching.
Inside he can see a fairly wide platform, rounded by thick safety glass. At the center of it, something is being set ablaze by four XL18s. Castiel looks around and sees a number of equipment he has no idea how to operate and a few people standing by computers.
But after ol’ Yellow Eyes and Purgatory, Dean was determined to reclaim the Hunter title as a hero. He was the grandson of
“Hey, champ,” Claire waved. “Alright, come here!” She said when she saw the look on his face, expecting a hug. In her head she laughed at how past!Dean Ben’s reluctance to show affection in public is.
Angel calls out for the Supervisor in charge. So far there are no casualties but after the explosion they are unsure. It’s possible that some of the first responders are trapped with some residents. Angel then points Jack to assist his aunt with the victims.
reality too?” And as an example, Jesse changed the water inside the pitcher into strawberry milk. Complete with strawberries.
“Yeah, even someone as emotionally constipated as you, Dean.” Sam says which makes everyone else laugh.
“I found some Masters and all of the other Servants,” Jesse shares, picking up fries from inside the bag.
A wide smile that forced his eyelids to nearly close stretched across his face. He wanted to reply with something witty to impress the other boy and he saw the timestamp on the text message.
Sam and Rider chuckle, and Berserker averts his gaze. Jack can sense his Servant wanted no part in this conversation. “Yeah, that was me,” Sam says.
but he’s still dumbfounded. A literal angel stands in front of him. He stands up and dusts himself and straightens his clothes.
As fate would have it, he was back alive and kicking. Well, not alive, a Servant. Sam and Dean would joke that they've died so many times before meeting her that their friends betted on how long before either of them came back. But they always came back human. So, it was a mix of happiness, fascination, and worry that she met the brothers again last week but as a Servant-Master pair. That she had to
“In case you haven't noticed I have your partner pinned to the—” Charlie wasn't able to finish as she finds herself in a headlock by the leather-clad woman.
“Maybe,” Jody answered. “Or… you calling my place home for most of the year is ageing me faster than the speed of light.”
Right now, they know Styne would never talk unmotivated. Dean massacred most of his family and he never once avert his gaze.
“Nah. Like one of those one-hand blasters!” Ben said animatedly. He rose from laying on the sofa and pretended to pull out a gun, aiming at Vader on the screen who just failed to capture Ahsoka.
Castiel smiles at Bobby’s infamous derision. “I was tempted to come here one minute before an hour before closing,” he jokes.
They dropped the woman they saved into a hospital earlier after burning the bodies of the dead Thules. Hopefully it takes them more than decade to come back this time. He should probably research a way to close the resurrection loop the Thule have been exploiting for centuries.
As if on cue his other hand took the now free plate, “Damn right, angel.” He turned to his giggling son.
Delphine’s face lights up, “I am a Servant called upon by the Holy Grail to fight in this Holy Grail War.”
“I’ve been making them for special occasions. And you coming back is—I think—the most special of them all” shares Mrs. Butters.
Dean claps once and points at her, enthused, “That’s my girl! Be back in an hour, get yourselves settled. I cleaned up your room yesterday.”
Dean puts a hand over Cas’s and breathes in deep. “I know, babe. It’s alright,” he assures him. The Superhero then kisses his cheek before exiting the room.
“Please don’t speak with food behind on lips,” Castiel said and Lisa tapped Ben’s arm rather sharply.
Claire looked at Alex, who patiently waited for clarification. She pointed to the man in a trench coat, “There, beside Dean Winchester. That's my dad.”
“So how do you think you know me?” Sam asks, laughing a bit at Rider and Berserker’s interactions. He missed seeing them like this.
“But that wasn’t exactly what happened,” says Sam, giving a weary look at the two Servants. Rider squeezes Berserker’s hand tight and offers him a soothing smile.
“You didn’t tell him you do cocaine, did you?” Kaia said laughing. Jack was trying to convince his sister’s cool new girlfriend that he was punk when they first met and it backfired with one dad scolding him about lying and the other laughing himself breathless.
“It’s good to see you’re still as handsome as ever, Angel,” she says, as she takes her seat by the expensive breakfast.
They chat as they walk further down the hallway, Charlie talking excitedly about the new books she's bought to read to her mom. That's until they pass by the room the pair she saw earlier had entered. The door is only slightly (thankfully wide enough) ajar to see the leather-clad woman point a gun at who she assumes is a bedridden patient.
“I missed you too, son,” Castiel says. He starts walking and drops himself down on one of the chairs in front of the screen and Jack follows suit.
“I will not repeat myself again. Are you the one who summoned me? My master?” he asks, his voice more commanding.
He reclines, throwing his head back, eyes-closed, finally able to breathe after the encounter earlier, then he drops the grenade launcher—that no one noticed at first—onto the floor. One eye opens and he looks at Charlie and Gabriel. “That was supposed to be a simple retrieval operation.”
He counted forty-six steps (including the two flat landings) before they reach a large sublevel that he never knew existed.
“Kaia said, she made this after our friend Patience had a dream of me being a Superhero,” Jack says, shyness blanketing his excitement.
It takes Castiel almost two hours to reach Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Bobby did inform him that he can drop by any time today just not an hour before closing. So, he reveled in the air and just let the winds breeze him to his next destination.
“We didn’t! The system still has its focus on Dean.” Charlie pulls up the facial recognition software and then there’s a chilling sight.
The Hunter was always the Anti-Hero, not being afraid to kill for justice. Most would just outright say Villain. But after going toe-to-toe with Yellow Eyes and winning, the world finally called the Hunter a
