“Whew,” she sighed, shaking her head out, “Thanks, dude.”
Computer keys are tapping on her end, probably correcting the entry or something in her database. “Oh, apologies. Tarrence is the gentleman I just got off the phone with; he didn’t take the news very well, poor thing. You’re Castiel Harvelle, right?”
“I know i’m not
“It’s okay, Dean.”
It’s 12:58 a.m. When it hits 1:00 I am forcing myself out of this apartment. It has been both my sanctuary and my prison and for once I need to go breathe in the outside air instead of tearing through it to get from Point A to Point B. I have to count trees, maybe sing a favorite song while dipping my feet in the Hudson, and just do my best to be remembered as the young man who died too early.
“I’m afraid that information isn’t available to heralds either,” Ben claims. “We’re equally curious, but it’s not knowledge we need to perform our job.” Another flat answer. I bet you anything he knows and can’t say if he wants to keep his job.
My chest tightens. I’m dying today.
Dean’s head was spinning with so many thoughts that he didn’t even notice that everyone else had left the room, leaving only himself and Cas. His head was currently being supported by his hands and his eyes were closed in an attempt to have a single clear thought. No dice.
Whenever Dean thinks back on this day, it’s a mix of emotions. Bittersweet fondness for his first lone hunt. Anger and sadness for, well, all of the events of that day. Fear of whether John had hurt Sammy while he was gone. Sam assured him he hadn’t; but the fear lingered.
“No, I, um, I just wanted to… talk. I guess. To you.”
It’s Dean and Cas and Cas and Dean; it’s them, and for now that’s okay. For now, that’s all they need.
“Charlie I can see you standing at the door, just come in already,” Eileen said, eyeing the entrance to the kitchen.
“Okay, just, you three, go say hi, greet the guest and all while I take a second to process,” Dean gestured around the air, “all of this.”
The caller ID reads
“Oh,” Castiel remarked, “it seems I am much later than I thought.”
She let out a sigh before continuing, “but now she’s back and so am I. And you, and Dean, and everyone else. So, look man, the world ended. Hell, it almost ended half a dozen times before then. And still, under Chuck’s hand or not, you two always came back to each other. Even when you were fighting like an old married couple because one of you made a demon deal or something, even when you both died. You both always came back.”
. I don’t say anything. I’m not sure what to say. I just breathe because I have fewer than twenty-eight thousand breaths left in me- the average number of breaths a nondying person takes per day- and I might as well use them up while I can.
It was one explanation. Castiel couldn’t come up with another. “Maybe.”
Castiel thinned his lips and nodded. He supposed he could drive in the opposite direction, but what would be the point of that? He didn’t have anywhere to run to. Even if he did, he couldn’t avoid his brother forever. Michael was inevitable.
“Castiel.”
“Then why—?”
Soon, the woodland surrounding them became less dense and then gave way fully for the empty, sprawling plains.  In front, Dean slowed Chevy to a trot.  Castiel pulled on Lincoln’s reins to do the same.  He thought they would stop completely so they could talk over the plan on what to do now—because this wasn’t sustainable for long.  Castiel would like to know what the brothers were thinking.
“Then why the hell did you follow me home?”
“Who?” Dean asked.  His face was hard, eyes flinty as they searched the trees.  “Henriksen?”
He couldn’t do this.
He was already planning, and he was likely planning well beyond the journey back to Kansas.  But Dean would take it a step at a time.
“Then Cas . . . He could understand it all.  And, these last few months, you’ve seemed—.”
Arms laden, Dean opened the front door with his shoulder and held it open with his foot so Sam could get through.  Behind the booth, Bobby was counting out the money in the till in preparation for the day.
Sam pursed his lips, annoyed.  “Do you think your boss is gonna tell HR?”
Dean scoffed. Of course, it mattered. Cas had no idea how much it
He was already using his angry voice, launching into a tirade of, "You don't even know him, Dad.  He's our friend."
“You’re
“But, no, Castiel,
Granted he hadn’t a wealth of experience in the area, but he loved the way Dean kissed him. It was tender, despite the fervor, determined to give as well as receive. The small pushes and pulls and the easy roll of his tongue, the teasing nips. Dean was rarely one to use his words to express himself. It was always in his actions, and his kisses were no different. They always spoke to his mood—whether it was sad or playful or desperate, full of want or riddled with need.
Cas stayed inside of him, unmoving until they both got used to it.  He was shaking a little bit, letting out little noises like he was stopping himself from moving by sheer force of will.  Dean caught his breath, forcing his muscles to ease. He told himself he could do this. This was Cas. He wanted this. Mustering himself, he jerked his hips a little to tell Cas to get going, and then Cas started to move in small, circular motions, slipping halfway out before moving back in.
He swallowed the memory down, purposefully replacing it with anger.  He shoved the arm away before moving to the other that was bound by iron.  He made quick work of it, and found it unblemished.
Dean looked him up and down, letting his eyes linger on Castiel’s mouth, a little slick from the whiskey but otherwise chapped and so damn pink. “Nope.”
As a reaction, Sam let out a breath that Castiel couldn’t quite decipher. He couldn’t tell if Sam were angry or worried. Maybe both. “Are you crazy? Cas—what makes you think he isn’t going to kill you?”
Castiel glared at the phone like it committed some offense, and he wanted to tell Michael not to bother putting it down.  He'd need it again in a moment.
Dean looked over, a grin coming to his features. Benny was leaning against the wall, a cigarillo pinched between his fingers. Dean, just like everyone else, had been banned from the kitchen for most of the morning, so he’d barely seen Benny all day apart from a quick nod hello at breakfast.
He wanted to go home.
They reached the Kansas border a little later than Dean would have liked.  Luckily, the days were steadily getting longer, so they had about an hour of light left after they got out of the Territory.  Just in time, if you asked him.  Jack was starting to fuss, and they’d stopped a few times to give him water in the hopes of nipping his appetite in the bud.
Lucifer let out a breath, amused and almost impressed.  "Oh-ho, sport.  I gotta say—," he rested his elbow on the table and pointed a lofty finger at Castiel.  "I never took you for the conniving type."
“I . . . I think I better start explaining myself to you,” he said, hearing the fissures running through his voice—small, hairline cracks that ran jagged along the surface and deep below it.  His airways constricted.
“I’m deciding,” Cas assured him.  Dean wanted to call him a liar, but all he did was grin.
“You’re out of practice,” Castiel intoned from the sidelines. “Maybe if you chose smaller targets than deer, this wouldn’t be an issue.”
Dean had just started to doubt that when Cas reappeared, garbed in a navy velvet jacket. He hadn’t changed the rest of his clothes, but the new garment alone brought out his eyes. And sometimes Dean wondered if things might be different if Cas wasn’t rich—or a man. Not that he had a problem with the latter part.
“Dean, I—,” he started, and stopped.  What could he say to make this right? What could he say to keep Dean from kicking him out?  He ruined everything.
“Yeah, right,” he said, rattling his head.  It was Cas, he reminded him.  He dragged his palms down his face.  “I need to wake up.  See if you can find some coffee in the kitchen before we head out, huh?”
Cas nodded and took a bite of his vegetables.  “You should cook these kinds of things more often.  You’re clearly very good at it.”
Dean shook his head, giving a humorless laugh. He held out his hand to Castiel as if he were laying down the law. “Look, I know you’re all gung-ho now that you’re out from under Daddy’s thumb, but that doesn’t mean you’re ready to do whatever you want.”
, when I was a kid!  He’s all I’ve ever known but . . . Sam, I
Dean shrugged, not really knowing where this conversation was going. “Yeah, what about him?” He’d only met Rufus a handful of times when he and Sam stayed with Bobby as kids. Rufus was never a Man of Letters himself, but he was still in the life. He was able to find out anything about anyone. More than once, John relied on his intel to find one of Abaddon’s lackeys.
He wanted to tell Dean he loved him again, but it would sound too final.
His first instinct was to deny it.  He’d been denying it all day.
Or maybe Castiel was just projecting.  After all, his brother was a criminal, even if he didn't yet have the ability to prove it.
Castiel wondered if he’d done something wrong. These photographs were there for anyone to see, but he couldn’t help but feel as if he were intruding. An outsider stealing another’s happy memories. “I apologize.”
Slouching in his chair across the desk, Castiel wondered if he was truly needed for this or if his father and Zachariah could handle it on their own.
“Hey, no, c’mon,” Dean said gently. He leaned forward and grabbed Castiel’s hand, tugging him down to sit on the mattress. “That’s what we do, right? No reason for you to shoulder this alone.”
Dean’s breath was rasping, broken. It felt like icepicks stabbing his insides.
Dean nodded shallowly. He felt pulled into two different directions. Part of him told him to stay, because Cas needed him, and because he needed Cas. And he needed Cas to not fall in love with Daphne, to remember that he loved Dean instead.
.  But the silence stretched on until Dean felt like he was treading water in the middle of the ocean.
"Castiel, it's imperative you remain present during these meetings," Michael scolded, and Castiel pressed his lips together and looked down at his shoes.  He regretted making them assume they weren't worth his attention, mostly because he didn't at all regret allowing his mind to wander to Dean.
He felt Cas’ chest rise and fall in a loud sigh of finality.  “I should get ready for class.”
Castiel didn’t want anything from him. At the same time, he wanted so many things.
Dean whined, “Oh, come on, Cas!  I wanna take this puppy for a spin!”  He brushed his fingers on the handles, itching to swing his leg over the seat.
“We should turn back.”
As the night went on, Balthazar found a group of people to talk with at one of the crowded tables along the wall. He said he’d be back in a few minutes, but that had been over an hour ago. Castiel was still at the bar. His hands were wrapped around his second beer of the night, glass still mostly full and damp with condensation that chilled his fingers. It was nice, actually, the cold. The rest of him was flush with heat radiating off the masses of people squeezing past him as they moved back and forth along the crowded bar. He kept getting knocked into and he didn’t like it. No one even said “excuse me” or apologized.
But Cas was nodding, kind of looking proud of himself.
Now Sam looked confused, like Dean was the one not making sense.  “I mean, kinda. We’re friends.”
Water rushed over his ears.  He could hear the garbling of bubbles rising to the surface.  He hung suspended, arms floating above him, legs still beneath him, body sinking.  His lips parted, letting in the brackish, black water into his mouth.  His heartbeat was slowing, calming down.  He could hear the steady pulse of it, echoing around him like he was in a chamber.
Dean grumbled.  “Good for you.”
, he could picture it so clearly that it played before his vision. They could grow old together, have a family, be together, have a life in the way any other couple could. It still seemed like a far-off dream, something Castiel could never really have. The want of it, the possibility, made his chest ache in something akin to happiness.
It was wonderful.
Castiel shoved his hands into his coat pockets and gave Dean an assessing look that made him feel like he had x-ray vision. “Is it me you have a problem with, or just my family?”
“Yeah,” he said.  “It was nice to see you.”
Sam’s smile faded.  He stared down into the flames.  “Yeah,” he said heavily.  “If we get out of this mess.”
Rowena dismissed them with a wave and poured herself another glass.
,” Sam tried.
He spent the morning generally ignoring all his responsibilities in favor of looking up cheap motels and campsites along the map he made for his roadtrip.  When that got old, he signed up for some sketchy websites connecting travelers to people looking for house sitters while they were away. There was also some site for people who actually wanted their space invaded by inviting randos to crash on their couches while they blew through town.  Because that wasn’t a good way to get murdered or anything. But, hey, it was free.
Forrester blinked, a little thrown. She opened her mouth and stammered a little. Before she could form a coherent thought, Dean shepherded her towards the door. “Go ahead, Doc. We’ll be fine here. A boy needs his mom, right?” He annunciated the last bit a little too much, and he could practically feel the temperature of the room drop another degree with the stony way Cas was regarding him.
Dean came back to them while the MC was bringing up the giant and the champion of the second match to fight each other.  He was a little out of breath, and he was favoring his left side.  There was sweat matting his hair and his cheeks were rosy.  A bruise was forming on his jaw.  But he was all grins.
Groaning as if in pain, Dean rolled onto his back and propped himself up on his elbows. He sniffed and glanced around the room, eyes falling on the bed. The bed they never made it to. Frowning in disgust, he said, “I’m gonna have to Stanley Steamer this rug.”
It was a brief, chaste kiss, and Dean wanted more.
Dean lifted his eyes to him. He reminded himself there was no guarantee this would work. Hell, it probably wouldn’t.
of them…”
And he was able to convince himself of that until the exact second Cas rounded the corner that morning and inevitably caught Dean’s eyes.  Cas froze in his tracks, and just stared for a little bit. He looked so resolute and reserved in the way his fists tightened and flexed at his sides, the way he set his jaw into a hard line.  But those blue eyes had a weary slant to them, dark bags beneath them like he hadn’t slept much the night before. And he looked regretful—sorry, even. Pained.
Dean wanted to wake him up and tell him to go to bed.  But, selfishly, he wanted Sam to stay, too. It was comforting having him there, and Dean didn’t want to let him out of his sight—not just for his own benefit, but because he’d convinced himself irrationally that some hit man was waiting at the back of the apartment to get the jump on Sam the second he went to bed.  It was stupid, because the Novaks wanted him dead, not Sam; but Dean figured he’d rather be safe than sorry.
Giving up on skipping stones, he wandered over to Cas and sat down next to him on the dry grass.  He stretched out his legs in front of him and leaned back onto one elbow, facing Cas. He’d gravitated close to him, and was able to feel the body heat coming off of him. The grass underneath him was brittle, sharp spikes cutting through his jeans to prick his legs.  He wiped the dirt off his hands from supporting himself as he sat on his jeans, and frowned at the pebbled indentations it left on the heel of his palm.
“You’re—” he started to say. The words got clogged in his throat. “I didn’t expect—I can come back if…”
He turned fully away from the road now, keeping his eyes on Cas.  Cas was slumping even more now, totally unresponsive.
Dean was measuring out the venom to pour into the potion. “Yeah, he did a hell of a job,” he said proudly.
Dean shifted slightly, bending down low over Castiel, his free hand moving to the side of Castiel’s head to brace himself. Castiel lifted himself up enough to catch Dean’s lips.
Castiel hummed, urging himself to feel the appropriate emotion the situation called for.  "No, it's just," he said, closing his eyes into it again and blocking out all else.  "It's good to hear you, too, Dean."
kill Ash!”
“So,” Sam said way too casually, “some night.”
on Friday.
"She's dead," Castiel heard himself say from somewhere behind glass.  "She died eighteen years ago in a fire."
Dean’s fingers wrapped tighter around Cas’ arm as he got used to the feeling.
Cas shook his head.  Dean didn’t know what to say to that.  He could talk for hours about the Impala, but he doubted Cas wanted to hear him gush.  And, even if he did, Dean thought he should hold back. It was better not to get that close.
With a final screaming surge, the portal swallowed Lucifer up and sealed behind him. Magic winked over the doorway and Claire dropped to her knees, severing the connection with an exhausted scream.
Dean rolled his eyes and turned around again. He threaded through the racks, holding his hands out to feel the material as he went. He didn’t really know why he thought Sam would drop it. All Sam did was trail behind him, his chest basically against Dean’s back, and demanded impatiently, “Are we gonna talk about this?”
Castiel had to insist. He had to dig his heels in on this one. The only problem was, so would Dean. “Rebuild it, or I’ll do it myself.” He stared at Dean hard, glowering, and Dean glared back.
Cas rolled into him, kissing him possessively as he tugged on the buttons of Dean’s fly.  Dean lifted himself off the bed to pull his jeans down to his thighs.  Even there, it was a welcomed relief.  Better still when Cas cupped his palm to Dean’s dick and rubbed up and down.
Cas’ eyes slit further, and for a second Dean thought he’d say no—and that’d be
There were footsteps outside the door. Castiel breathed out, letting his eyes slip closed to bask in the familiar sound of them. He was weary from traveling, and he wanted to curl up against Dean’s warmth and sleep. Part of him was still too angry to even consider the possibility.
see you next week!
“He’s—,” Cas argued as he rounded on Sam.  He was baring his teeth.
"Have you come up with a solution to avoid a lawsuit?" Michael asked.
Dean nodded, introspective as he let Castiel go through the door before following him out.
“Fairly.”
“It’s already done,” she whispered, dumbfounded.
“Uh-huh,” Lee said, rolling his tongue.  “You wanna try that again?”
“So, you excited the semester’s almost over?” she asked on the drive back to her house.
Castiel realized he was staring at Dean across the fire.  Dean was asleep, his back facing Castiel, his shoulders tight even now.  His blanket had fallen down to his waist, and Castiel’s fingers itched to pull it up to make Dean more comfortable.
Jack blinked.  He leaned in, voice dropping to a whisper.  “Do I have to tell him those words exactly?”
“Understood,” Sonny said, plucking the morphine from Cas.  He already had another vial in his hand.
Dean scrunched his forehead.  “Don’t leave me in suspense.”
“To Michael,” Raphael echoed, deadpan.  “Tell me, Castiel, do you truly believe he’d take your word over mine?”
Castiel was in a lecture, sitting in the second row of the classroom while his professor elaborated on the bullet points on the screen at the front of the room.  He maintained the knowledge just long enough to scribble down notes, and then it was gone again—in one ear and out the other. Hopefully, he’d retain the information in time for his test.  He’d only been in class for a week and already he had an exam on Friday due to the summer semester’s accelerated schedule.
“Congratulations, Castiel,” Eileen said, smiling widely at him, and it was infectious.
Another gust of wind whistled over the lake and combed through Castiel’s hair.  His spine rocked with the sharp, stinging goose bumps it left on his skin through his clothes.  He frowned, but he didn’t want to leave so soon.
"They're too fancy," Claire told him.
Lucifer waited.  “And?”
When the bell over the door buzzed, announcing the arrival of a new customer, Castiel firmly decided that he absolutely would rather be left alone.
Castiel was aware of Mary and Sam’s eyes falling on him. He only kept looking at Dean.
A breathy, strained laugh fought its way up Dean’s throat. “Preview of what’s to come, huh?”
Brady kept the grin on his face, amused by her suffering.  “He’s in with Dagon and Asmodeus.”
“Dean, I
“Like
"Just—call him," Sam implored in that voice Dean never knew how to say no to.  "Figure this out, Dean."
“She wasn’t in the house when I got in, but her cell phone was. I went outside looking for her,” he said, eyes down on the table. “That’s when I found her.”
Sam’s expression rearranged, eyes shifty and not quite looking at Dean. “I dunno,” he admitted, seeming freaked out.
Castiel paused momentarily to raise a brow at him. “I don’t beg,” he said gruffly, and reached behind him.
like he wanted to.
!”  And he was.  It was true. But it didn’t sound true.
Dean lifted his eyes, meeting Cas’.  He didn’t know why he felt so nervous suddenly.  Maybe he was afraid Cas would say no.  Still, he asked, “Can—can I have ‘im?”
Cas nodded.  “Yes, Dean.  Today, tomorrow—” He raised one hand, brushed his knuckles against Dean’s cheek.  Dean ached for him.  “Even at the end of the world.”
Dean didn’t say anything for a long time, and Castiel waited.  Eventually, Dean spoke under his breath. “I tried so hard to fight him, you know.”  He gave a wet kind of laugh, too hollow. “I really did.”
“You’re not a jackass,” Castiel told him sincerely, because it was true.  Despite his glib nature, Gabriel cared, from what Castiel had experienced.  “She must not think so, either.  She went with you, after all.”  Again, Dean crossed his mind.  Dean, who’d refused to follow him to Waco.  Dean, who’d rather return to Lawrence than stay with Jack.  Castiel wished Dean had decided differently.
“Maybe.” She turned her focus back to Dean. “I’ve gotten better at it since I was younger. Since the bad place was destroyed, I don’t see the other version of me there. I don’t see
Castiel realized his heart rate had sped up. He breathed out, trying to get himself under control. “I told you to step where I step.”
There was a sharp intake of breath, and then Cas hummed, "Mm.  Yeah.  I'm awake."  He sounded way too groggy for that to be true.
Castiel bit back a smile.  As selfish as his sister was, she admittedly amused him to no end.
“Is this a whole new body?” Dean asked, his voice coming out rough. Castiel didn’t understand the question. “’Cause, if it is, you’re about to swipe my v-card.”
“Just congratulating Dean on his two-week mark,” Benny said.
.  In times like these, when Dean first got back, it was,
“Well, what did she say to you?”
Dean looked back at the TV.  Some western was playing in black and white, and he realized he didn’t even remember settling on something to watch.  He’d been too wrapped up in thinking about Cas, even when he was pretending not to.
“Great!” Dean said, putting back on a chipper air. He about-faced and walked in the direction of the changing rooms. “Now, let’s see how he’s doing before he hurts himself.”
“I’ll have to thank you twice now.”
“Call the airline on Monday and buy yourself a ticket.”
They weren’t even halfway into the movie, and Castiel thought he should say something to start up a conversation, despite the fact that he had no idea what to talk about and speaking during a film was usually frowned upon.  Every time she cleared her throat or shuffled against the arm of the couch she was leaning on, he snapped his eyes to her in worry that she may say something. He stayed still, his feet planted on the floor and his hands folded on his lap; because the one time he’d reached into the popcorn bowl, she’d done it at the same time, and that made him even more flustered.
Castiel should go over there.  He should break them apart.  Because Michael was around and they were standing out in the open where anyone could see them flirting mercilessly.  If Michael did see them, it would only give him another reason to dislike Dean.
However, when he looked up, he froze, eyes going wide and breath catching.
Dean cast the woman one last sorry look.
“Cas,” he whispered, the word coming out broken.  Haplessness washed over him like a river’s current.  He tightened his fist on the handle, desperately telling himself that Cas was still alive.  He’d only dropped the knife.  But he’d escaped.  He was still out there.  Dean would find him.
He couldn’t help himself.  He turned towards her, resting one elbow on the bar, and shot her his best flirty grin.  She was really hot, and Dean bet he wouldn’t see a body like that again anywhere across the US.
Castiel looked at the window, fat drops streaming down the glass, and grimaced.
Jack yawned widely against Castiel’s chest. Castiel almost yawned, too. The room was cozy. His eyes were falling heavily.
The woman ripped open one of the doors in the refrigerator section and pulled out a can of iced coffee. “Not good enough! You always do this! You try to—to control me—”
Perfectly still.
Cas blinked. He turned his head slowly to look at Dean, expression neutral. Dean scanned him up and down, body tense with worry. When he was absolutely sure his voice wouldn’t shake, he asked, “You good?”
He felt like he was trying to reverse engineer everything that made him
“Excellent! Now that we all know each other,” Balthazar exclaimed, breaking the moment, “why don’t we find another place to entertain ourselves this evening?”
Castiel set his shoulders, trying not to be offended, but he feared Dean was right.  He hadn’t been in Lawrence for more than an hour and, already, he was wondering whether or not he should catch the next train home.
He checked them into a room quickly, ensuring to reserve a bed before the hotel became filled up with the other people in his caravan, before setting out to find the General Store.  He purchased more milk for Jack and some dried goods for the rest of the road ahead.  Then, he took Jack to one of the local restaurants and bought himself an overpriced dinner of steak and boiled potatoes.  The waitress fawned over Jack, and when she asked to hold him, Castiel’s fists tightened around his fork and knife.
"No, thank you," he said, and kept staring at his phone, willing the three dots that indicated Dean was typing him back to appear.  They didn't.
Whiskey was a common remedy to ease the throat irritation caused by consumption.  Castiel had seen Gabe take sips from his flask frequently over the last few days.  It only strengthened his belief that Gabriel wasn’t as ignorant to his illness as he claimed.
He told himself that he was Novak, and Novaks don't let their emotions get the better of them.  They don't let themselves be embarrassed.  They don't get rejected.
Dean barked out a sardonic laugh, not willing to fall for it.  “Why don’t you confess now and we’ll get your hanging over with?”
He checked his ammo.  He was out.  His belt was empty, too.  “Son of a bitch,” he hissed, staying low.  Doing the only thing he could, he holstered his gun and pulled Ruby’s knife out of his belt.  He doubted he’d have the opportunity to get close enough, but at least it made him feel a little better.
Sam swallowed and nodded, trying hard to stay wary.  He didn’t want to get too excited just for it all to crash back down.
Dean was finishing lacing up his boots. He looked up. “What, like the theater?”
He had betrayed the host out of loyalty. In any other circumstance, that was a trait all angels needed to have. Loyalty and submission. However, Uriel bowed to another god. He believed Lucifer’s lies about the humans, in the angels’ superiority. He had given up on heaven’s plan, on divine will. He had let hatred overcome him; he turned his back on his family. He chose to fight against them.
“Oh,” Cas said.  He paused. His fingers had stopped moving.  Dean probably didn’t want to know the answer.  But then Cas said, “I’m here.”
Dean exhumed himself from Castiel’s neck, leaving behind a wet spot where he’d mouthed a red patch into the skin. Castiel lowered his head, bliss setting a wide grin to his face. It had been much too long since he and Dean had sex, and Castiel never wished to go without him for such a span of time again.
“Wanting and needing aren’t the same thing, right?” Charlie asked.
“I can’t feel my nose,” Castiel told him.
It was a loaded, complicated situation. Castiel didn’t have an answer for her. He prayed there was another, reasonable explanation for this, but found himself doubting it. “I don’t know. I wouldn’t want you to get hurt.”
“Why the hell would she come here?” he whispered, and Sam’s gaze flickered up to him.  “And how did she get here, anyway?  You’re telling me she walked two miles in
Dean blinked his eyes closed and thought of blue.
know you can’t steal pieces of food off the plates before you serve them?” Cas said, and he probably thought he was
Castiel decided it was enough for tonight, even if Dean was less than convinced. “Okay,” he repeated. “Now, can we please go to bed? I never imagined being at such high altitudes would exhaust me as much as it did.”
Castiel looked up, watching Dean’s back as he walked away—the familiar bowlegged gait, the tense way he always carried himself, like the weight of the world rested on his shoulders.  So much had been placed on him from such a young age after his father died.  Dean was put in charge of his family’s well-being: their livelihood, the food on the table, their land, their protection.  When Castiel had arrived, Dean had been quick to adopt him into that fold.  Everything Dean did, he did for the good of his family; Castiel understood that.
“Besides, me and Papa have some stuff to talk about,” Dean said, handing the book over to Claire. “Boring, grown-up stuff. You and Claire can finish reading, okay?”
And then he heard a muffled splash.  Something had broken through the surface.
“Okay, what’s the plan?”
, Dean wanted to tell him. He wished he were wearing pants, because he had nothing to do with his hands and he wanted to put them into his pockets. He folded his arms and shoved his hands into his armpits. “Well, I mean. You know now, right? How I . . . You know.” He couldn’t say
But then Cas said his name again, and it was gentle and kind and it filled Dean to the brim with something he wasn’t sure he could put a name to.  Cas’ finger lifted Dean’s chin and guided him so they could look at each other again.
Dean really didn’t know what he’d expected.  He guessed he expected a lot more long pauses and uncomfortable dips in conversation—not just because Cas was his boss, but because having to make conversation with a former one-night stand again was always weird.  But hanging out with Cas actually didn’t suck.
“The woman—? Cas, what are you talking about?”
“You could just give me directions.”
Max and Alicia closed the hatch with a clatter, Castiel reflexively blinking against the impact.  The floor was less than an inch from his nose, and it was suddenly almost impossible to breathe.  He heard shuffling overhead, and then the lines of light filtered through the floorboards were taken away as the rug was set back in place.  He heard the Baneses arranging the furniture over them.
?” he barked, putting down a lug wrench with more force than was needed.  It clattered against the metal surface.
Walker didn’t seem to want to be reasoned with.  He unholstered both of his pistols and held them out at hip-level.  “Now,” he commanded.
It’d actually be really funny if Dean died on his birthday.  His gravestone would have kind of a cool symmetry to it. And, the way things were shaping up, that might just happen, because his heart stopped for way longer than should be humanly possible.
Cas rumbled.  Dean felt the tremors of his body.
Dean tried to read the passages with that information fresh in his mind, but he came up with nothing. He stared down at the handwriting until his eyes stung and the words blurred together with the need for sleep.
He hung up the phone and put it back into his pocket, saying, "Sorry."
The spot of the drowning was close to their rental, which could explain why the doppelganger was haunting that area.  It only took them about a half hour to reach it, and Dean stopped the fan-engine on Castiel’s signal when he thought they were close.  With the noise cut off, everything was suddenly silent, and Castiel thought he might have actually gone deaf in the absence of the vibrations rattling his eardrums.  But then the squawking of birds ebbed in, and the frequent splash from something in the distant waters. A heron was flapping its wings on the side bank, legs submerged underwater.
The hay finished, she let her arm drop.  She looked down at her boots.  “This is all my fault.”
Stomping down his nerves, he powered through: “So, I was talking to Charlie. Her and Dorothy found this… I dunno. Psychic or whatever in town. Apparently, she’s supposed to be pretty good. I dunno if she can give us any answers but me and Sammy figured—” He shrugged and looked down at his boots. Idly, he kicked at the gravel. “Might be worth going to. She ain’t cheap but, if she can help…”
Zach led Dean along the dirt drive, and on the way, Dean got a better view of the grounds. There were six fountains, ten gardens, a gazebo, rose bushes, ivy, and about a million sculpted hedges. It was a lot of work. Dean was expected to keep all of it in tip-top shape—not just with planting and trimming, but by keeping the squirrels and foxes away, by keeping the trees free of beehives and wasps, and making sure the lawn furniture and benches were clean.
Cas didn’t seem too surprised at the outburst—because he’d probably be a dumbass if he were.  He held his hands up in surrender, or to show Dean that he wouldn’t try to touch him again. “I just,” he sighed, dropping his arms.  He glanced around like he was worried people would overhear them. “I think we should talk. Alone.”
guy!"
Maybe it was a little on the nose, but when
Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He already knew the answer, but he needed to hear it. Because then it’d be real and he could face it head on.
Dean put the pot on the counter and glanced up, doing a double-take before his gaze landed fully on Cas. Cas shuffled a little in his shoes, feeling like he was caught red-handed for a crime he didn’t commit. “I, um,” he said, “wanted to see if you needed any help.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Whatever. Can we go?” He didn’t wait for an answer before hustling down the steps.
Cas grinned down at the boy and nodded. “He did. And I think it’s probably time for you to go to bed.”
Cas sighed again, a little more pointedly this time.  It made Dean crack an eye open.  Cas’ eyes were already open, staring up at him.  “Is your head still bothering you?” he whispered.
Unfortunately, Meg wasn’t finished dancing.  The song changed and she turned around to face him.  She slung her arms over his shoulders and continued to move.  Castiel didn’t know how to extract himself from the situation, so he let her continue.
“I don’t think we need one,” he answered, not glancing around to look at Dean over his shoulder as he pondered what meat to get.
He went back to the front, passing by a rack filled with colorful boas and broad, white costume wings of iridescent white feathers.
Or he could ask him this:
leaving!”
“Shit,” Dean hissed, the reality of the situation dawning on him.  He rushed to the door and shoved his gun into his waistband.  Cas was on his heels.
She didn’t confirm or deny it, but it was the only reason he would have been there that night.
Dean did his best to push all thoughts of Cas aside and focus on the task at hand.  He nodded.
“Mm. Good point.” Dean picked up his second taco.
Fucking finally.
Much to Dean’s delight, Ellen shot him a look over her shoulder.  “Boy, what kinda person do you take me for?”
It was impossible.  He was just seeing ghosts.
Castiel breathed out something halfway between a laugh and a sob.
He nipped at Cas’ bottom lip, and Cas must have stolen some sips of coffee after all, because he tasted like it. Leaving one hand on Cas’ jaw, rubbing gently up and down to feel Cas’ stubble tickle his palm, Dean brought his other hand up to wrap around Cas’ tie. He pulled him in a little closer, and Cas gave a low growling sound as he licked along the seam of Dean’s lips. Dean parted his mouth, letting their tongues roll and lap together slowly. He felt Cas set a hand on his thigh, and the other wrapped around the back of his neck to hold him in place—like Dean was going anywhere.
And then his gaze flickered away, over Dean’s shoulder.  Quickly. And his smile faded; his eyes widened. Slowly.
“Oh.”  Great. That was good.  Dean’s stomach fluttered nervously, and his throat went thick, but he forced himself to say, “You hungry?”
And then:
Catholic.”
Castiel’s eyes fell back to his tombstone. “I think it’s a little late for that.” He walked closer, unsure of what he was looking for. With every step he took, the dark fingers at his back seemed to move closer instead of further away.
A dry laugh punched out of Dean’s throat. Because what the hell kind of question was that?
The elevator took way too long to get there, even though he pressed the button about five hundred times.  When it finally dinged open, Dean jammed his finger down on the close door button. The doors closed with the same lack of urgency as they usually did.
“Yes, for
Curious, he peeked through the crack in the door. Inside the office, Chuck was sitting on one of the chairs in front of his desk, posture slouched, elbows on his knees and head in his hands. Zachariah walked into view.
“So, what?” Dean asked, rattling his head. “He’s a sheep in wolf’s clothing?”
Dean tensed a little at that, his mind instantly going to Sam.  And to Jess.
In fact, he began to blame it entirely until he heard the voice again.
Sonny didn’t seem the least bit hesitant.  “Of course.”
Castiel almost really did laugh that time.  "You really believe that?"
Gabriel waved him off with annoyance and left, and Castiel felt a certain sense of vindication that he’d been right. Another person left him and he was the one to drive them away.
Castiel tightened his hold around him slightly and let himself smile as Dean leaned forward to kiss him.  It was strange how the warmth of the day was comforting now.  He pressed the flat of his hand between Dean’s shoulder blades, savoring the kiss.  It had been three weeks since he’d had this.  He’d missed him.
“Sam,” Cas said, taking a step forward. There was a smile lighting his eyes, and something numbing washed over Dean.
Dean couldn’t help it.  He snorted with laughter.  Cas looked at him with wide eyes, expression helpless and innocent.  Dean just laughed. He knew Cas basically turned into a giant baby when he was drunk, but this was just silly.  His chest ballooned with fondness as he watched Cas swallow the toothpaste.
Sam got them back on track by saying with interest, “How does it work?”
“You’re impervious to death by any weapon, magic or mortal,” Sam went on. He held up a finger. “With one loophole. Now,
"Of course.  I want to help.  You, more than anyone, are deserving of such opportunities."
She continued before he could, “Don’t blame yourself because he isn’t man enough to own up to his own issues.  That shit’s not on you, got it? He’s a selfish, pig-headed ass and you need better friends. I mean, really, Castiel, what the hell has he ever done for you?  You bend over backwards for him and all he does is kick you like a puppy when you’re down. He wants to break up? I say, fine. Good riddance. But he’s in for one rude as hell awakening when he realizes how much he missed out on.  Oh, and, just saying, if you want me to kick him in the jewels for you, I’d be more than happy to.”
“Yeah, our… our uncle taught us. Sorta. When he could. We moved around a lot.”
Not that any of this was necessary . . .
Dean licked his lips and shot Sam a glare telling him to shut his pie hole.  "Well, turns out I was wrong about that, too," he said, even though it went against everything he thought was right.  The words sounded hollow, like he was betraying Cas.  He didn't really believe them, no matter how much he wanted to.
Besides, some irrational part of him feared that, if he did remove it, he’d find himself back in the manor—skin transparent, breath gone, unable to feel the sunshine.
“That’s because that witch made it go wrong! It might’a worked otherwise!”
Castiel felt himself tense, and then willed it away. He couldn’t let Dean get into his head like that, especially because he was fairly certain Dean was joking. He’d never known him to fear ghosts, real or imagined.
When Cas spoke again, his voice was even quieter, past what was necessary to not wake the others. “Why—why would you think that?”
Castiel did his best to bite down on his smile for the full effect. But then Dean’s face went soft, and he lifted the watch out of the box to put it on. “Perfect fit,” he said, and the giddiness from the joke ebbed away inside of Castiel.
Research.  Good. Sam was good at research.
"Yeah, right.  And risk him coming after me," she said, backing up.  "Or worse—your brothers?  No way."
Castiel told himself not to sigh in relief, no matter how much he wanted to.  He didn’t want to be heard.
It didn’t sound like a win for anyone except Michael, but still Castiel considered it. If he went with Michael, he could find a weak spot in him. He could help Dean overpower him.
“I didn’t—” Cas said, chains rattling as he attempted to jerk forward.  He gritted his teeth, apparently trying to calm himself.  He said, “I didn’t know Balthazar was going to do that to himself.  It was never my intention.”
“Welcome to Lawrence,” Sam said.  “I’m Sam Winchester.  That’s my brother, Dean.”
, except for the possibility that Dean had given up on him. “No, I don’t… I don’t know.” He breathed out, his breath fogging around him. His hands formed tight fists in his pockets. “I may have wanted to take him up on the offer to return home but I…” He felt hopeless. “I don’t know what to say to him.” He didn’t know when that had happened, when Dean began to feel like a stranger. It occurred all at once; and yet, it felt gradual. Castiel couldn’t pinpoint the exact moment everything had changed.
“Your friend is a very strange man,” Castiel said as he let Dean manhandle him inside.
“Damn right.” Her smile faded slightly, expression becoming more genuine. “Seriously, watch yourself. We’re all expecting you back here in March.”
Castiel never expected Michael to be so petty.
Meg stopped walking abruptly, causing him to stop short, too. “Corbin?” she said incredulously. “We passed that like, five minutes ago.”
He hadn’t expected Dean’s reaction.  “I said, I’m
“But our task isn’t over,” he said.  “Far from it.  From now on, our lives are to be dedicated to ensuring the boy’s protection.  We will raise him, together, in our ways.  We will mold him—,” he fisted his hands, “teach him.”  He paced closer to the group, placing his hands on the shoulders of those nearest to him.  “And, through us, he will grow to be strong.  My friends, he will usher in our future.  He will lead our children, and our children’s children, and all those that seek out our cause.”
That was fantastical, even for them. Surely, Dean didn’t think he was a witch in his past life. Of course, he did seem to always have herb concoctions in his apartment, but that didn’t mean anything. Though, he also had an affinity for strange symbols—but that was baseless superstition! Dean wasn’t a witch. For starters, there was no such thing.
His eyes moved down the rows of seats.  People were settling in, backpacks on some of their laps, others squeezing the water out of their hair and shaking it from their clothes.  Cas was toward the back, temple resting against the window, his reflection transparent in the streaked glass. His hair was in wild, hopeless waves as it dried, and he looked miserable.  He stared out blankly, blue eyes still. Dean stopped in his tracks, suddenly second-guessing himself.
. There was a rickety, dark stairwell leading up to another wooden door inside. Dean shot a look over his shoulder to make sure Castiel was still following him.
?” he repeated incredulously.
Another scream.
nice,” Cas whispered.  “I’m surprised you didn’t bring your book in here so you’d have an excuse to stay longer.”
He deepened the kiss and worked his body upwards to meet Dean’s thrusts.
Dean inhaled quickly, almost in a gasp. He drew his hand away, trying not to swallow too hard. The violinist played her last notes. The onlookers, Cas included, applauded.
“Leave him, sir,” Zachariah said. “He’ll figure it out for himself.”
The gaping void in Castiel’s chest echoed with his father’s parting words.
He spotted Meg walking back into the front of the house from the kitchen, a red plastic cup clutched precariously in either hand.  He stomped up to her quickly and grabbed her by the shoulder.
He shot her a weary but stern look.  “Do
Dean groaned loudly and sank into his chair, much to the twins’ amusement.
. Tomorrow could be different, or the next day. Or perhaps I’ll screw something up and you’ll think something else entirely.”
“Cas,” Dean said again, his hands coming up to cradle Castiel’s jaw. There was a weary smile on his face. “Son of a bitch, that’s really you.”
Dean cleared his throat awkwardly.  A waiter passed by with a tray of mini quiches and Dean quickly took one and plopped it in his mouth to shut himself up.  By the time he swallowed, Michael was still silently looking upon him, an air of phony patience about him. Castiel was certain he was trying to figure out a way to make Dean leave without causing a scene.
Sam must have heard the seriousness in his tone, because he paused. Dean forced himself to look Sam in the eye, and he couldn’t decide what he saw there. Sam stayed hovering over the breakfast table.
Castiel set the ladle back down in the pot as Jack yawned widely.  It made the smile on Castiel’s face stretch wider.  “I agree,” he told the baby.  Despite his nap in the stage, he was still bone-tired.  With any luck, he’d be able to grab some more sleep on the train that night.
“So, uh,” Dean said, fumbling as he tried to change the topic.  “You two kinda look alike, anyone ever tell you that?” They had, in fact.  Their other biological siblings resembled each other to a varying degree, while Michael and Castiel had been the only ones born with dark hair and light eyes.  They took after their mother.
Cas offered his right hand, palm up. Gingerly, Rowena took it in her own, pulling it a little closer to her. She bent over it, studying it. Dean rolled his eyes. This was all just a stupid gimmick.
He watched Claire swinging from the bars, Jack standing near the ladder and looking up at her as she focused on slowly getting across.  The grocery bag was resting on the wood chips next to the ladder, too.
Cas glanced around with new eyes. Deadpan, he said, “So you’re Swayze?”
Dean stopped dead in his tracks.  He didn’t know what came over him—maybe everything.  He turned back around and marched towards Sam. Sam’s brows pulled together, confused, but Dean didn’t let that hinder him.  He threw his arms around Sam and pulled him into a tight hug.
“Enough,” she yelled after steadying herself.  “It’s over, Dean.  After I kill you, I’m going after your puppy-dog-eyed brother, and the doc.  And then,” she extended her gun arm, pointing it at his heart, “I’m getting Lucifer and the kid back from that marshal.”
“No,” Castiel answered at once. He wanted to go home. “You two do what you want. I’m leaving.” Without waiting for an answer, he walked past them in the direction of their apartment.
Dean rubbed at his eyes. He could feel a headache blooming. “
Yet, Lucifer stood firmly in their dimension, in this world.
He knocked hard on the door. It took a second, but soon enough there was a click of heels from within. Dean squared himself and did his best to look intimidating.
Cas seemed to think so, too. He said: “I have to—”
He walked around his desk and paced towards the office door.  From inside, he heard the head of HR’s voice. Naomi said, “Of course, we can switch all this out if you prefer a different set up.  That’s not a problem.” Dean wanted to grumble, because they were definitely talking about the furniture, and it was just like this company to cut back on overtime and freelancers to save a buck and then turn around and waste money on stupid shit for the executives.
“Peterson,” the man said, jotting it down in the ledger.  “That’s very odd, Mr. Peterson.”
Sam wandered aimlessly.  He’d meant to only walk a few blocks and then turn back, but Jack seemed to enjoy meandering.  At first, his small hands reached up and grabbed weakly at the buttons of Sam’s shirt, and he made cooing noises that Sam decided to interpret as happy.  After a while, the steady motion lulled Jack back to sleep, and Sam didn’t want to risk waking him by putting him down.
Castiel pulled his brows together.  “You haven’t?”
for 10 AM. The morning sun was shining through the stained glass windows lining the church, and the large circular one behind the altar. An enormous statue of Christ hung on his cross observed the congregation, reminding everyone why there were there and to whom they owed their thanks and praise.
He quickly turned into the adjacent hallway, rifle first, and the motion caused him to teeter off balance a little as a rush of blood jolted to his head. When he steadied himself, he realized that hallway was empty, too, and he could see right through to the door that led to reception.
Castiel reached his own room’s door.  He hovered outside it, facing Gabriel’s direction a few feet away.  “I’m glad to see you’ve got a room,” he said.
If Dean was already in his explosive stage, it meant he was even more pissed at having to wait for Cas than any of them. Probably hungrier, too. Trying to diffuse the situation, Sam signed for Eileen as he said, “Dean’s right, Dad. What are you gonna do if you don’t eat?
Cas pressed their foreheads together and, with a roll of his hips, rocked home. Into Dean’s open-mouthed gasp, he said, “I love you too.”
“Yeah, well, plans change,” Dean barked back. He stepped out of Castiel’s grip, putting himself between Castiel and Zachariah. Castiel hovered close behind him, his hand on Dean’s back.
Castiel couldn't speak.  There was so much he wanted to say, but he couldn't marshal his thoughts into words.  Even if he could, his lungs were constricting under the weight of emotion.
She shrugged innocently. “They help with mold.”
He camped out on the couch all afternoon, the TV tuned into an all day M*A*S*H marathon even though his mind was too preoccupied to pay much attention to what he was watching.  Sam had put a throw blanket over him and set out a few bags of chips, some leftover meatloaf from their dinner a few nights ago, and a glass of water for Dean on the coffee table.  He sat on the floor, back against the couch, and watched TV with Dean for a few hours before nodding off. He was still asleep, the sun having set hours ago, with his cheek pressed up against the couch cushion next to Dean’s blanketed feet.
Castiel grunted a little in annoyance at having woken up before cuddling closer to Dean. As much as he loathed the hours he now had to waste on sleeping, he wanted to get back to it. Besides, it was a nice excuse to lay next to Dean like this. He both cursed these hours and reveled in them.
He heard Sam say, “Good luck,” like it was the most serious, important mission in the world.
He shot a glare at Dick.  “You wouldn’t even have that client if it wasn’t for him, so maybe you should be
There was no one.  The room was empty, nothing but the flickering, dying flames in the hearth crackling.  He couldn’t have been asleep for very long.
“No, I know
The back room of the downtown bar smelled like week-old tobacco smoke, even though no one crowded around the folding card table had a cigarette smoldering from the ashtray.  There was still some fine gray ash in the dish, however, and a butt that had long since stopped furling with smoke.  It must have been left over from the players the night before.
Long after conversation filtered back into the room, Sam remained quiet. His eyes were weights on Dean—searching him, something like clarity suddenly in them. Something like despair.
It was quickly followed by:
So, Dean found himself sitting on the swing set while Claire and Jack got dirty in the sandbox, the grocery bag of microwave popcorn and a six-pack discarded on wood chips next to the base of the jungle gym.  He dug the toes of his boots into the dirt beneath him and gripped the chains on either side of him, twirling back and forth to cross the links over his head. He remembered taking Sammy to parks just like this one when he was a kid and catching him by the legs at the bottom of the slide.
A smile pulled at Castiel’s mouth, awe blooming in his chest.  It was a quiet thing, and loud; too big but comfortable all at once.  And there was fear, too, that only one of them might last the day.  If that were true, he wanted it to be Dean.
But he was trying again, and he did his best to keep his spirits up at the party.  To go with the flow, as it were.  That's all he'd been doing for the last few months.  He'd been giving up control, just letting things happen to him.  It seemed pointless to fight the tide anymore.
They should have been celebrating together. Instead, Cas would probably have some nice, fancy dinner in the manor, Daphne hanging off his arm. They’d probably gotten real close in Dean’s absence.
“Cold?” he asked, and Cas nodded.
Hell, there was a
Once in the bathroom, he dumped the contents into the toilet, trying his best not to look and ensure nothing splashed onto the floor at the same time.  After he flushed, he went to the sink and stuck his mouth under the faucet, guzzling the cool water until he couldn’t breathe. It tasted a little brackish, like the water always did at Dean’s, but it might as well have been the best thing in the world.
He sat down in front of it and turned it on. At the same second, he realized he’d forgotten everything Cas had taught him about how to play piano. Dean pressed down on a key a few times, bringing forth the same note.
Sam nodded, seeming to stow that information away. He asked, “And after Cas?”
Dean put his hat back on, and said, “Yeah, thanks.”  He still sounded distracted.
"Where?  Bobby's?"
“Ready?”
“Find anything?” Dean asked.
In the distance, a door creaked open.
The Ma’lak Box was on the floor, the lid open. The metal inside barely glinted in the light, its texture too matted. Castiel knew he’d agreed to this. He knew he’d even suggested it. But, now, looking into the coffin, he was formulating an escape plan.
Dean wasn’t really listening, because he had other priorities in mind.
Michael blinked, like he wasn’t expecting that.  “What?”
“God, Dean,” Sam said, shaking his head.  He was still only half-convinced Dean was alive and walking around.  “I can’t believe you pulled that off.”
Into the silence that followed, Sam and Bobby shared a long look. They must have known he was serious. Dean kept his expression icy, refusing to waiver. The only way they’d be able to stop him was by chaining him up—and Dean knew how to pick a lock.
“Oh.”
And it was instinctual for Dean to reject that. It felt more important than ever to separate himself from Dean Wesson, but the harder he tried, the harder it became. The lines weren’t just blurred anymore, they were erased.
He was too preoccupied with what had happened last night, and if he should even bother telling Dean.  It was only a little girl, after all. It wasn’t worth worrying him. Still, if Dean found out, he’d be angry that Castiel kept it from him.
The floorboards gave another disembodied creak. Dean wanted to punch something.
When Dean brought his gaze back down, Cas was knocked out. His eyes were closed, lips slack, temple against the carpet. Dean couldn’t decide if he looked like he was sleeping or if he looked dead.
He flapped his arm out in an aborted motion, not really sure what he’d meant to do with it.  “Well. Yeah.”
“Sam’s idea,” he said dryly.  “Him and Dad are down there now.  I wanted to get a bird’s eye instead of sitting through some snooze-fest tour.  Views ain’t bad, though.”
He turned his head, looking out the windows at the back of the house.  In the distance, the woods were silent.  He looked out the front window, where the rye was bending in the breeze.  The moon hung over the pond, and suddenly Dean felt like ice.
Dean picked his hat up off the grass and slapped the loose dirt from it as he stood up.  “Hey,” he said.  “Sam done taking a piss yet?”  He glanced back to the stage on the road.  Chevy was nosing at the ground, and the other two horses behind her remained still.  Sam was still hidden in the trees.
“Where’d you meet him?”
Dean stepped in front of Cas, not trusting her with a pointy object around him.
Maybe it wasn’t as bad as they thought. Maybe it was just something with the expansion.
“There was—,” he tried to say, his wide eyes fixed on the corner.
“You think she’s… your partner or whatever you called it?”
Billie left pretty quickly after that, and Dean was about ready to do the same before some orderly with a concealed .45 came in and finished the job Alastair started.
Dean dropped the napkins on the table and made a production of pulling up a chair, practically stomping his feet against the tile floor and causing the table he’d ripped the chair from underneath to rattle.  The tin legs of the chair clattered as he put it down on the edge of their table.  Castiel sighed. He thought, maybe, this entire experience had taken ten years off his life.
“A panther,” she answered.
But he didn't want to move.  He wanted to stay with Dean until he knew Dean was safe and awake and fine.  He wanted to be there to hold Dean's hand and tell him that everything would be okay, as if he could make such promises.  He wanted to be there when Dean woke up, so Castiel could see his eyes and kiss his smile.
“Dean,” Castiel told him sternly.
“Is it his magic?” Dean wanted to know. If putting Lucifer through the portal had somehow linked Claire’s magic to Lucifer’s, there might still be trouble.
He forced a smile.  “So, see? All good.”
“No!” Sam maintained. “You only hate them because Dad does, and he won’t even tell us why.”
The world spun a little from the alcohol as Dean got to his feet, and a flare of pain that settled into a constant itch shot through his healing leg, but he quickly got a hold of himself and walked out of the kitchen.  "'Bout time," he said, his voice sounding gruff even to him.  It’d been doing that since the fire.  "You shouldda called if you knew you were gonna be late, Sam. There’s a damn hit out on me. Maybe you, too.”
“I got class,” Dean answered ruefully. Unfortunately, it was a valid excuse.
Cas let out a deep breath through his nose. “No, Dean. The other angels and I can handle it.”
He moved forward, stinging eyes wildly scanning the room and breath coming up in short pants as the fought for oxygen.  Something loud like a gunshot erupted from one side, and he flinched before realizing it was the sound of bursting glass.  A window must have shattered.
She nodded down at the mug nestled between her hands. “Yeah, we did,” she said, shifting her thin shoulders like she was readying herself for hard truths. She explained, “When Benny got into work that morning, he pulled me aside, told me what’s up. He cooked Castiel’s breakfast at the usual time, slipped the note under the plate, had me deliver it. But… Zachariah—” Dean tensed at the name. He remembered the butler’s blood on the carpet.
“The what?” Cas asked, beating Dean to the punch.
“This isn’t working,” he yelled, bursting his eyes open.
didn’t want to believe that.
Cas opened his eyes.  He seemed to be holding his breath, waiting.
"But you'd like to be.  I can see it all over your face.  It's evident in your hatred for me, and your apparent inability to control yourself."
He took his hands away, and chuckled a little at the bratty sound Cas shot at him.  “Gotta get to the main event, sweetheart,” Dean placated him as he undid Cas’ belt.
He looked at her sharply.  Did she think he was an idiot?  “Does that actually work on people?” he asked.
He laughed.  She didn’t seem to hate the prospect.  “Yeah.”
“No! Dean.” Sam spun around, and he bit down on his jaw, visibly trying to stay calm. “I’m calling Mom, and then we’re going to the hospital, okay? Charlie, start the car.”
“Dude!  For the last time—knock!” Sam yelled.  Dean wasn’t really listening though. He stood in the doorway, trying to blink away what he’d just seen, but the image was burned into his retinas.
The call ended shortly after that, with Castiel telling him that he would be home after he went to the gym.
“I knew you had it in you, champ!” Charlie said, feeding off his energy.  She bounced forward and embraced him tightly.  Dean winced audibly, and Charlie jumped back, apologizing profusely.
Dean's grin faltered a little as he straightened out.  "You're tellin' me," he agreed under his breath without moving his mouth.
, don’t go, don’t go,” Dean whined, trying to pull him back up.
Sam’s brows shot up, and he took about ten full seconds to process that.  When it sunk in, he let out another phlegmy sound. “This is bad, Dean.”
They had to lean back so Dean could get out of his vest and take off his shirt until he was down to nothing but the bronze necklace sitting on his chest.  Castiel trailed his mouth down Dean’s throat as his hands roamed up his torso.  In his ear, Dean’s breaths were hitching.
“Yeah.  Guess I’m still living in the wrong time zone,” Dean excused.
belong here.”
Dean bristled.
Sam held up his palms in surrender. “Hey, I’m just playing devil’s advocate here.”
He tried to swallow.  His throat felt thick.  It was too hot now.  His skin was like dried leaves furling among flames.  His thoughts were becoming undone.  All he could concentrate on was the rapturous feeling of the hands on him.  He tried to focus.  All he saw behind his eyes was the color blue.  He thought he could drown in it.
“Well, you’ll just have to visit us back home,” he told her, knowing it was a long shot.  It earned him a scoff.
Dean groaned and waved around the spoon that he was currently using to shovel sugar into a mug, just as Castiel liked it.  "Yeah, yeah, I know.  I'm a helicopter parent."
A number of things happened at once. Claire slammed her palm hard on the table, making the dishes and utensils rattle. Cas and Dean both jumped to their feet. Jack’s cries hiccupped and turned into wails. And there was a loud shattering sound as the window over the kitchen sink burst.
Ruby took in a deep breath through her nose, preparing herself for what came next.
Cas nodded, face still stern. “This part of it, yes.”
Silence fell. Deep, deep down in Castiel’s stomach, he felt shame curling upward like smoke. He shouldn’t have said anything. He shouldn’t have tried to push Balthazar away. If Balthazar left, that would be it. Everyone would have given up on him. Castiel would have no reason to continue going through the motions.
“I called my Mom last night,” he said, expecting some kind of reaction. Cas just stared, waiting for more. Dean exhaled, trying to not let it annoy him. “I told her… everything.”
"I'm alright," Cas said, sitting down, and Dean told himself not to feel slighted by that.  "Thank you."
Castiel nodded.  He took his eyes off of Jack, willing himself away.  “All right,” he sighed.  “Jack woke up under an hour ago.  You shouldn’t have an issue.”
Castiel’s eyes flickered down to watch it, and he imagined doing the same thing with his teeth.
“You have no idea,” Dean answered.
“A telegram from where?” Sam questioned.
“I know why he walked out,” Dean argued.  “Because he’s a fucking Novak and his damn high school had an equestrian club.  We live in rent-controlled housing.”
“Dean—”
Sam turned around to watch her go.  He blinked at the threshold, rattled his head in hopes of calming himself down from the entire incident, and then picked up the steaming crock of potatoes from the counter.
“But she is
Max shoved his hands into his pockets and laughed a little.  “Man, you got so wasted.”
They stayed low as the sounds of gunshots sporadically sounded from inside the barn.  The deputies must have gotten inside.  Two men were on the loft above, their rifles trained out the window.
Quickly composing himself for whatever was to come, Dean walked to the other side of the balcony, where the trellis was fixed against the wall. Its wooden planks were bare of roses and thorns, and Dean was grateful for small mercies.
“Get out,” Cas laughed, turning back to his computer.
Dean nodded, swallowing down his protest.  He was just tired and coming down from the thrill of a fight.  He was paranoid that their door would be kicked in at any moment.  Most of all, he was antsy for the day to come.
“You don’t know that!”
.  He shouldn't have even told her.  It's not like it was the start of anything.  It was pretty obvious it wouldn't happen again.  He should have just kept his big mouth shut.
Shit.
His hand was hot from the temperature of the kitchen, and gentler than Castiel had expected, despite the rough calluses.  He remembered thinking the same thing the night Dean had patched him up at Harvelle's.  His heart had quickened then, too.
Cas tended to the dishes, in the meantime, and helped himself to more-than-a-few fingers of whiskey in preparation for the talk that he and Dean would have to have. But after all that, an hour had passed and neither Claire nor Dean reappeared. When he listened, he could still hear the mellow lull of Dean’s voice from the back hall, Jack’s room.
“Dean?” he asked, concerned.
Well, maybe she was having a little bit of fun.  After all, she’d had to cozy up to men far uglier than Sam Winchester.  She wasn’t exactly complaining.
“What kind of business?”
Cas worked his jaw from side to side.  Dean was learning that meant there was something on Cas’ mind that he wasn’t saying.  Only, now it was accompanied by something that looked suspiciously like pity.
Castiel thought he understood.  Of course, life wasn’t easy back then, especially if one wasn’t a white male, and he thought he’d prefer the comforts of the modern era.  But he understood Dean’s attraction. He thought what his life might be like without the stresses of school and a career hanging over him.  He wondered what it might mean to be his own man.
Castiel powered through, talking over him, “He could get what he wanted.”
It was Dean’s second week on the job. So far, he was liking it. Sure, Zach could be a little overbearing, but he mostly left Dean alone. Everyone else was great. Garth, who took care of the dogs and horses, took some getting used to, but that was only because he was so damn friendly. It was actually a little endearing, but Dean wouldn’t admit that out loud.
Castiel ignored him. If Dean thought him to be joking, he was wrong. He walked around to the other side of his tombstone. There was something roughly chiseled into the back—a symbol. It was faded from time and the elements, but it was large enough that it was still mostly intact. Castiel tilted his head to the side. It was familiar.
Despite Castiel's sound of protest, Dean closed the freezer and went into the living room, where he picked up a throw blanket and some couch pillows and stuffed them under his arms.
Dean wasn’t interested in talking about the girl he’d been dancing with.  He was more interested in smoking. “Partying, Sam. We’re at a party.”
Usually, when Castiel said his name, people reacted as though it was the last thing they’d been expecting to hear.  Crowley, however, didn’t flinch. He did, however, look at Meg and say, “Sleeping with the boss? I’m impressed. Quickest way to a promotion, they say.”
“Dean, come on!” Sam called after him, tone licked with both annoyance and a plea.  Without looking around, Dean waved him off and kept walking.  He heard Sam let out the sigh to end all sighs, and he was pretty sure they’d be arguing about this later.  But that was fine, as long as they weren’t dead!
Castiel didn’t want that. He didn’t want Dean to leave—not now, not ever again. He reached over and brushed his hand along Dean’s jaw, then leaned in for a kiss. Dean met him halfway over the seat.
There was a knock on the front door.
Dean shook his head.  “He thought I worked in legal.”  Sam looked like he was going to ask why, so Dean cut him off.  “It was a miscommunication!”
He didn’t even know he’d been thinking it, not really. It had been a feeling he couldn’t before place into words. But now they came so naturally, ebbing and swimming and circling in his mind until they became a repeated mantra.
Leaning in, Uriel said under his voice, “Again, Castiel?”
He turned his gaze back to Ruby’s back when they reached the house.  She paused at the door, her hand on the knob, to glance over her shoulder at him.  She was still smirking at him, and Castiel wasn’t certain if she was trying to unnerve him.  He tried not to show that she was succeeding.  Or maybe she wasn’t.  He’d been unnerved all night.
It was frustrating, in more ways than one.
This was not good.
Meanwhile, Sam was pulling himself out from under Dean.  Carefully, cradling Dean’s head, he sat back on his knees and lowered Dean to the ground.  Dean was blinking rapidly up at him, his face pallid and breaths sharp.
“We were?”
Briefly, Castiel considered telling Michael about Raphael's involvement.  Then, he remembered Dean's words.  He didn't know if he could trust Michael.  He wanted to believe Michael had nothing to do with this, but he couldn't be sure.  And he didn't know how to vocalize any of his thoughts.
go with Billie; if he
When Castiel came back to himself, it was with a sharp intake of air, like waking up.
Dean couldn’t swallow past the lump in his throat.
“Why do you wanna know?”
Castiel pulled his brows together, impatient but willing to see where this led them.
“And Uriel?  Talk to Lucifer.  He knows things, from before, that I don’t.  That none of us do. If he talks . . .” He almost didn’t want to finish that thought, because Lucifer wouldn’t cooperate with the police if he weren’t getting something in return.  Still, he had valuable information. He was a monster, a sociopath, but Michael was far worse.
He breathed, and tried again. “Look, I suck at this. And
“I’m worried for him, Dean,” Cas said, gaze narrowing in on Jack. “He’s always had such power but – what he did today, what he’s always done – it’s reactionary. He’s been cheated out of a formal education.”
He distracted himself by trailing Meg through the party, where they met up with some of her friends on the dance floor, all of whom seemed hell-bent on keeping him from taking a rest as they took turns pulling him in for a dance.  Balthazar had arrived with them but, as was his nature, he disappeared very quickly.  He'd been dressed as a Native American, which Castiel had pointed out was culturally insensitive.  Balthazar argued that it was the only western costume he could think of that allowed him to not wear a shirt, or much in the way of bottoms, either—which Castiel narrowed his eyes at because that may have made it even more racist.
But it didn’t get them anywhere. If there wasn’t any EMF, that meant there weren’t any ghosts. Castiel didn’t know where to go from there.
Dean scoffed. “Not exactly,” he hedged. “But yeah. Kinda.”
,” Castiel scolded.  Dean grinned and picked himself up to straddle Castiel’s hips.  His hands roughed up Castiel’s ribcage, settling on his chest.  And despite his previous annoyance, his skin prickled in the wake the touch left behind.
Castiel put his hands on the keys and started playing. He didn’t know what. He let his fingers decide. The music sounded hollow to his ears.
“If I make it to heaven,” Castiel told him, and it was a big if, considering the church’s opinion on his proclivities, “and I find you aren’t there, I’ll simply have to go to hell myself to find you.”
“Son of bitch,” Dean hissed, recovering.  He got to his feet and pulled out his six-shooter, meaning to go after her.
“Look at him. He’s blushing,” Gabriel said, pointing. It was demeaning—but not nearly as irritating as what he said next: “I’ve never seen you blush! I didn’t even think you were capable of it.”
The four bodies were unmoving but for the water’s will.
die. I can get him to the brink of death, but I can’t bring him back from it. He may never heal.”
“Yeah. I do,” Sam answered. There was blood stained on his lips, his teeth. “Before we came here, I did some digging into you. I spent the whole day sending telegrams back and forth with some of Dad’s old contacts. And I found out what spell you used to make yourself immortal.”
“Okay, this is gonna be the one,” he promised, eyes flickering to Cas.  Cas didn’t seem to believe him—and he definitely wasn’t impressed or swooning.  Between his knees, he parted his hands in a shrug and then clapped them back together, as if to say,
"I didn't tell him when you told me you're . . ." his eyes shifted to the hall, where their father's door was shut.  "You know," he finished, just to be safe.  Dean was grateful.  He stayed quiet.
to know that!  If we gave him Jack, he would have killed us all.  What would you like me to have done?”
Fourteen weeks and three days into Dean’s absence, Castiel began going through the drawers in the desk. He wasn’t looking for anything particular, but instead idly sifted through the contents of Dean’s life—the miscellaneous odds and ends that didn’t seem important, but made up the clutter of a human existence. Some pens with dried up ink and missing caps and chewed off plastic clips. Pads of paper with ripped fringes in the binding from torn off pages and indecipherable indentations from words written on the page before. An empty flask, a rainbow colored slinky, a bottle of hand sanitizer with the cap open.
She was laughing, but it sounded cold and cutting. “Yeah, right. You don’t care about me. Neither of you do. All you care about is him.” She gestured wildly at Jack, whose face was beginning to turn red. His eyes were glistening, looking at both Dean and Cas like he needed their help. It caused a tear in Cas’s chest, but at the moment it was nothing compared to what he was feeling for Claire.
There were footsteps, slow this time. He guessed Dead Girl knew he wasn’t going anywhere.
She could still feel echoes of a grin on the lines of her mouth.  Dagon’s words spun through her head.  She wondered if Lilith would be proud of her.
Bobby shook his head, snowflakes already collecting on the rim on his hat.  "Running perfect, actually," he said, voice echoing slightly in the gray air.  "'Cept for that clicking sound's back again.  Other'n that, you managed to keep it off life support.  Don't know how you did it."
“People are gonna die today,” he said and remained undeterred when Sonny sighed.  “No way around it.  Don’t know if it’ll be the outlaws; don’t know if it’ll be us.  And people have already died for this kid.”  Dean scoffed and shook his head.  He added another fork to his bundle.  “Guess I really don’t know what makes that baby so special.”
Louder, Castiel repeated himself.
leave him for long.
Cas chuckled deeply, glancing up before setting back in on Dean’s chest.  He swirled his tongue around and flattened it to lick a stripe down the center, and it felt so good that Dean couldn’t argue.  He put his head against the pillow and panted hard up at the ceiling.  The grain pattern in the wood, vaguely resembling a pair of eyes, stared back.
He hated having to be concerned about such things.  Granted, he’d never been in a real relationship before, so he didn’t know how they were supposed to feel; but he was fairly certain it wasn’t like this.  He didn’t understand why love so often felt like a revolution.
He stood between two stools at the bar, tipping back his head to drain the rest of his beer.  It was dark and bitter, and the only part of it really left anymore was the off-white foam. It was a little before 1 AM, and he was just waiting for Sam, who he’d managed to get in with the fake ID that Dean had gotten made for him a couple years ago, to get back from the bathroom so they could leave.  Not that Dean really wanted to go. He was feeling loose and his head was pleasantly hazy from the alcohol—or maybe that was just the beginnings of altitude sickness.
Castiel wanted to continue exploring Dean’s body. He ached for it. Each kiss was heaven, every touch damning. Greedily, it wasn’t enough.
He waited until all the lanterns in the manor’s windows were extinguished before slipping into the stables to prepare one of the horses. He made sure it was fed with extra rations and watered, and that the saddle was nearby and ready. He almost felt bad stealing a horse from Garth, but it would be found in town eventually. He and Cas would ditch her along the town limits, far away from the train station.
Castiel rattled his head, trying his best to make heads or tails of this.  He could go with Dean. He could run away—abandon his family, forget all of this.  It wouldn’t be his problem. Damn the town. Damn everyone who wasn’t a Winchester.
Cas sighed, sitting back in his chair. He turned his face toward the fire. “They aren’t paying a dowry, Dean. I’m not the one being treated as a commodity. Daphne is.”
Castiel took another swig. Maybe the whiskey was growing on him. It didn’t burn so much anymore. “Maybe,” he allowed. It was bullshit. He amended, “My father will have to approve, anyway. It’s not actually up to me.”
Swallowing down the constriction in his throat, Castiel said, “Probably the same thing you’re about to.  Except . . .” He sighed, wondering if he should continue speaking.  “Forgiveness.”
“Dean, I was a ghost for a century and a half. This is significantly
Great, so both of them were wasted.  Perfect.
“What’s behind that curtain over there?” Henriksen asked.  Castiel closed his eyes tightly, dread pooling in his chest.  This was it.  They were found out.
He breathed out, relieved, and glanced at Cas, who looked like a harried mess.  Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Cas didn’t seem to share the sentiment. “It’s not funny, Dean!”  He spun around, and stalked through the crowd that had formed on the platform in the direction of the stairs.
“Only want you, babe.”
Castiel seemed to ponder that before saying, “I enjoy Benjamin Thomas’ biography of Abraham Lincoln.”
much cloth to spare.”
“Good. Thought I’d missed the dancing.” The plate and fork clinked as Dean set them down on the table.
Castiel looked over his shoulder at his brother, but Michael didn't look up.  He was the last-born.  He wondered if his birth had caused their mother's death, if it had been her final straw.  He was just another steel bar added to the cage that trapped her.
Leaving Charlie that morning had been tough.  She made him promise to write to her once he returned safely to Lawrence, and she told him she loved him; then she hugged Sam and Cas goodbye.  Cas seemed more at ease with her, which caused a floating feeling in the soles of Dean’s feet.  He flew even higher when, while departing, Charlie pointed to Cas behind his back and mouthed,
After some time, Charlie came into the kitchen, asking after the guacamole.  Castiel realized he'd forgotten about it completely.
He set the cup back down and cleared his throat. “Jo, I don’t blame you,” he told her. “And I don’t blame Benny. I’m just looking for answers.” He shook his head marginally, ruefully. “We had a plan.”
Neither of the brothers said anything on the car ride back to the bunker. There were no words to be said, not yet. Jack had restored the Earth, but the air was still cold with a sense of pain and emptiness.
“Let’s go home,” I say.
“Looks like Jack decided to leave us a little gift, huh?” Sam spoke into the silence.
“Maybe he’s got a weapon on him,” Jesse says. He’s the giant of our group, the kind of guy who would’ve been helpful to have found when my brother couldn’t get out from under the bookshelf pinning him down when our house went up in flames.
I’m not going to tell anyone. Except Mom, but she’s not awake so it doesn’t really count. I don’t want to spend my last day wondering if people are being genuine when they throw sad words at me. No one should spend their last hours second-guessing people.
want to kiss you, dumbass.”
“Whew,” she sighed, shaking her head out, “Thanks, dude.”
Then he leaned in and said in Dean’s ear, quiet enough that Sammy couldn’t hear, “and maybe this’ll teach you stop being such a sissy.”
I go into my closet and pull out the blue sweater Jo got me for my eighteenth birthday, then put it on over my white T-shirt. I haven’t worn it outside yet. The sweater is how I get to keep Jo close today.
“Thank you, Charlie. I appreciate the
“But now we’re all alive so life is messy and awkward again. I get it. Me ‘n Stevie had barely made it out of the ‘constantly worried what one is thinking about the other’ stage before Chuck freaking Thanos snapped her away,” Charlie let out a sad chuckle, staring down at her mug.
Jesse and Lee are quiet. They saw the way I was laying into him, like I had no off button.
I can’t stop shaking.
The list of people I will miss, if the dead can miss anyone, is so short I shouldn’t even call it a list: there’s Mom, for doing her best; my twin sister, Joanna, not only for not ignoring me in the hallways, but for actually partnering with me in earth science, and talking to me about how she wants to become an environmentalist who will save the world and I can repay her by living in it. And that’s it.
I let go of his throat and grab his phone out of his pocket. I hurl it against the wall and Jesse stomps it out.
Sometimes it wasn't just that his guts seemed to disappear. Sometimes they were yanked, forcefully pulled out from under him by the sound of his father’s voice, grating in his ear. One incident stuck out in his mind like a sore thumb, and especially lately, hurt like a fresh wound despite the fact that it happened decades ago.
It’s 1:00 a.m.
“Get the hell out of here.”
“Don’t ever do that again, you hear me? You scared the crap outta me, Cas,” Dean choked out through tears, not moving from their current position.
In this chapter, I’ll collect links to various social media posts that inspired elements of this story. In most cases, I was inspired by several posts from the user in question so I just linked the original post I found if I was unable to find the other ones.
Do, then die.
“Shove it, Winchester,” she snapped through a yawn.
I also have to see Jo and her one-year-old, Sera. Jo named me Sera’s godfather when she was born, and it sucks how I’m the person expected to take care of her in case Jo passes away since her girlfriend, Ruth, died a little over a year ago. Sure, how is an eighteen-year-old with no income going to take care of a baby? Short answer: He isn’t. but I was supposed to get older and tell Sera stories of her world-saving Ima and chill momma and welcome her into my home when I was financially secure and emotionally prepared to do so. Now I’m being whisked out of her life before I can become more than some guy in a photo album who Jo may tell stories about, during which Sera will nod her head, maybe make fun of my glasses, and then flip the page to living family she actually knows and cares about. I won’t even be a ghost to her. But that’s no reason to not tickle her one more time or wipe squash and green peas off her face, or give Jo a little break so she can focus on studying for her GED or brush her teeth or comb her hair or take a nap.
I’ve always been afraid of dying. I don’t know why I thought this would jinx it from actually happening. Not forever, obviously, but long enough so I could grow up. Mom has even been drilling it into my head that I should pretend I’m the main character of a story that nothing bad ever happens to, most especially death, because the hero has to be around to save the day. But the noise in my head is quieting down and there’s a Death-Cast herald on the other end of the phone waiting to tell me I’m going to die today at eighteen years old.
“You uh, you need some clothes or something? I’ve been telling you, you need to mix it up a little, man. Swap out the trench coat every now and then,” Dean mused, zipping up his bag.
However, he didn’t get to experience this peace of mind for very long before once again being plagued by the feelings of guilt. Of utter defeat. Of heartbreak.
I write thank-you notes to my neighbors in 4F and 4A, telling them it’s my End Day. With Mom in the hospital, Anna in 4F has been checking in on me, bringing me dinner, especially since our stove has been busted for the past week after I tried making Mom’s latkes. Asa in 4A was planning on stopping by on Saturday to fix the stove’s burner, but it’s not necessary anymore. Mom will know how to fix it and might need a distraction when I’m gone.
Castiel cautiously walked over and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder, unsure if he was awake or asleep. He perked up a bit, sighing and turning toward Castiel with a soft smile. Standing from his chair, he threw his arms around Cas, who embraced Dean in return, each of them melting into the other’s arms.
That’s what Dean had said to Cas when he pulled him from Zachariah and to a highway in the middle of who knows where because, by God, “we had an appointment,” and Castiel was not going to let Dean miss it.
“Yeah, just- just zoned out,” He replied.
The number one person I’ll miss the most is Future Castiel, who maybe loosened up and lived. It’s hard to picture him clearly, but I imagine Future Castiel trying out new things, like smoking pot with friends, getting a driver’s license, and hopping on a plane to Germany or France to learn more about his roots. Maybe he’s dating someone, and maybe he likes that company. He probably plays piano for friends, sings in front of them, and he would definitely have a crowded funeral service packed with people who didn’t get to hug him one last time.
“Besides,” Castiel moved on, turning his attention to the stars. “I believe I can do some good. In fact, I was told about a philanthropic opportunity today. And there’s certainly occasion for social improvement in my future career.”
“How are your studies coming along?” Cas asked. He crossed the room and crawled into bed, tucking himself under the covers on the right side.
He snorted, and rubbed at his eye, belatedly realizing it was a habit he’d picked up from Dean.  “It doesn’t matter. He doesn’t want to be my friend anymore.”
The excuse sat like a cold stone in his gut, but he promptly ignored it and moved toward the staircase. He toed at the first step until he was sure it wouldn’t collapse under his weight. The mezzanine led to two other staircases, one leading to the west wing of the house, and the other to the east wing. He picked the east wing, climbing up to the second level, the stairs shifting loudly underfoot.
His heart was pumping loudly in his ears, and he didn’t know if he was nervous about crossing the grounds unseen or about seeing Cas again. Maybe a little bit of both, if he was being honest.
Castiel fished the keys from his back pocket and went to the driver’s side.  The engine rumbled into life when he turned the key in the ignition, and it sounded the way it should have.
The month progressed, and midterms took up most of Castiel’s time, but he was glad these were the last round of midterms he’d ever have to take.  He was relieved when they were over, and he could refocus on Evangelist and the Winchesters. Earlier that day, Castiel received a text from Sam asking him to come over later, and that he had something that would help.
Dean crossed the room, shoulders held tightly and movements tense. He walked around Zachariah, who stared back with a haughty smile. When Dean reached the door, Zachariah called after him, “And clean the mud off your boots before entering the house next time.”
“Do you wanna color?” Jack asked him innocently.
receptive—but he probably shouldn’t have been surprised.  One look into those big, intense blue eyes . . . How could anyone say no?
Sam scoffed. “Dean, after everything that’s happened, I’ll believe anything.”
“You have to work on your forward progressive if you want to fool anyone. It’s a simple move.”
The perplexed lines on Cas’ face softened, and he nodded.  “Okay.”
“Answer the question,” she snipped.
Dean stopped busying his hands, waiting to see if Cas would finish the thought, because he’d
Belatedly, Dean realized his mouth was agape. Shame heated his cheeks and spread across the back of his neck. He blinked rapidly, trying to right himself. “How’d you know it was me?”
When they’d left camp, Cas had still been unconscious.  Dean hadn’t even offered to ride with them to scout out the farm.  He was worried that Cas might not survive, and so was Sam.  But there was work to be done, so all Sam could do for Cas was pray he’d last until morning.
Dick pressed his brows together, like all this was news to him.
It was made even funnier by the fact that Cas actually meant it.
Cas bristled, and Sam puckered his lips and threw his hands up in silent suffering. Dean immediately turned on his heels and started out of the house. He didn’t think he’d been too harsh. It was a valid concern.
He gripped hard on the steel banister of the stairwell outside of Dean's apartment and stumbled down the first flight to the landing.  Leaning his back against the wall, dented and scarred from various pieces of furniture hitting against it over the years, he attempted to catch his breath, and to process what the hell had just happened.
“I mean, I only talked to him like—once.  But I liked him,” Sam said before taking a sip of his beer.
She hugged Sam, too, and they did the same with Kaia. With the greetings out of the way, Dean was able to focus on the duffle bags sitting on the table in the library. They looked like they’d just gotten back from a hunt.
“No,” Cas repeated. “No. You left.”
He also thought, for a second, Cas stopped breathing altogether, but then it kicked up again, loud and labored.  He wrapped his lips around the tip of Cas’ cock, swirling his tongue along his foreskin. He speared it to brush at the slit.
Apart from his arms getting tired, Castiel was fine. He huffed, just wanting this experience to be done. “I’m fine. Why does everyone keep asking me that?”
“What took you so long?” he asked.
Cas deserved somebody who was all in.  But, hell, Dean really wished he could be that guy for him.
“No, he is not,” Cas agreed, humored even though he knew he shouldn’t be. But that was Dean’s affect. He always had a way of phrasing things to make them seem almost manageable. Like they’d all be able to laugh about this later.
“Don’t be afraid,” the man said in a voice low and soothing, but it raised the hairs on the back of Castiel’s neck.  Instantly, he knew who this man was.  His grip around Jack strengthened.
When he glanced back up, Sam was shaking his head in a mixture of disbelief, sorrow, and betrayal.  "Dean," he said, voice choked empathetically.  "That's not true.  You know that.  Whatever Dad thinks the Novaks did—Cas is different.  You said so yourself."
How had Michael even found him?  How the hell did people keep finding out where he worked?
He lowered his hand, looking back down at Dean. Dean’s face was bathed in the lights, his eyes twinkling in awe as they flickered back and forth along them. “What are we calling these? The Midwestern Lights?” he joked, but his tone was too heavy.
“I wasn’t aware you paid attention to the guests,” Castiel told him, expecting a laugh.
When they got to the back of the house, Castiel took the blanket and bundled it against his chest while Dean slid open the window to the music room. They tossed the blanket through first. “Gimme a hand,” Dean said, and Castiel cupped his hands for Dean to place his boot in so he could heave himself through the window.
He took her in.  Despite her prickled and thorny edges, he remembered how gentle she had been with him.  “You stayed,” he pointed out.
Catholic.”
Dean titled his head to the side in a half-nod.  "You're the boss."
Kelly let out another yell, and then there was crying.  It took Dean half a second to realize it was the baby. Cas was standing up, the blood-slick child in his arms.  He was grinning down at it, holding it against his chest like it was precious.  A laugh bubbled up Dean’s throat, and he didn’t really know why.  He was aware of Mary and Sam letting out joyful breaths, too.
The semester would only get more difficult as it went on, and that’s when his studies would require his attention. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to go to a party. If anything, it would appease Balthazar.
His eyes moved down Cas’ face, to the outline of his lips, and his neck. A Nest Cam nonfiction lit up Dean’s phone across the room, and he ignored it, but in what little light it provided, he saw a bruise blooming on Cas’ throat the size of Dean’s thumbprint. It sent a thrill through him. Cas was still watching him closely, and Dean had just enough time to meet his eyes before the light clicked off. There was something in his gaze—steady, so intense it was almost vacant.
Instead, he paced closer to Dean and pressed a gentle kiss to the corner of his mouth. “I’ll see you tonight,” he said softly.
This time, Castiel shook his head immediately.  “No.”  He didn’t know how many times he’d have to say it.  “I won’t let him go.”
Dean barely had a moment to process that before something rustled behind him.  His spine went ramrod straight.  The sound had come from the rye.  Dean sprang to his feet, grabbing his knife from his belt as he went.  He whipped around.
Briefly, Castiel was tempted to tell him. He didn’t. He kept his thoughts with Dean, and shot Balthazar one last pointed look. He kicked his heels against his horse, sending it forward. Behind him, he heard Balthazar loudly assure him their conversation wasn’t over.
Castiel was okay sitting in silence though, no matter how uncomfortable.  He had missed riding in the Impala. He’d missed the smell of it—leather and musk, and a little earthy like Dean.  He missed the creaking of the vinyl underneath him every time he shifted. He missed the old world beauty of it.
“Hell no.” A grin blossomed on Dean’s face. He stood up, only to plop back down on Cas’ lap. Cas sat up a little straighter, circling his arms around Dean’s waist. “I’m good getting the perks that come with fucking the boss.”
With more finality than Sam, his footsteps sounded on the wood, and then there was the creak of the door opening.  Dean swallowed hard, fighting down the urge to call after him again.  The door slammed closed.
Some part of Cas had expected this, maybe. Expected Dean to ask him to come back and help the fight. It hadn’t been something they’d discussed since that first Halloween, years back, but if Lucifer was getting stronger, if he had Charlie…
Michael hummed in response, and there was no way he’d come over to make conversation.  For a moment, Castiel let himself hope that maybe Michael was giving Dean a chance, to not judge him by first impression.
Castiel’s brows knitted together. His chest constricted just ever so slightly. It was strange. He hadn’t felt anything at all in his breastbone in weeks. “Worried?” he asked, turning his face to her and squinting in confusion.
It had been her.
He always said that, and Dean always wanted to kick his ass for it. And Dean would not, under any circumstances, admit that it brought him calm. A reassurance that Cas was coming back, would always come back.
Sighing loudly, the cashier scanned the tag and said, “Total’s $57.03.”
He supposed he should have felt more grateful.  He was, but his gut also turned over with something he chalked up to remorse.  Pointedly, he stopped himself from wishing things could have been different in his friendship with Meg.  He turned his thoughts instead, wondering if Dean had any success with Crowley.
Cas let his hand fall away. He turned around, pushing through the door and into the warmth of the house.
wanted his company.
At first, Sam went rigid, surprised.  And then he settled into the hug. His arms went around Dean, and his chin hooked around Dean’s shoulder.  It was nice, and probably lasted a little long but Dean was okay with that.
Sam glanced around at the woman and was surprised to find her now looking back.  “Uh, yeah, you go ahead,” he called after Dean.  “I’m gonna see if any of the girls know anything.”
Castiel bit down on his lower lip and laughed, too. “No,” he said softly. He held Dean’s hands to his chest, hoping Dean could feel the beat of his heart.
He pushed his chair back to stand.  It caught Cas’ attention.  He looked up, eyes following Dean as he walked around the table to tower over him.
“I said he’s not here,” Michael snipped, his voice only slightly more forceful than before, but it was enough to strike the fear of heavenly host into Castiel. Some kneejerk reaction told him to be obedient, and it was more effective than Naomi’s needle. It only lasted a moment before Castiel brushed it off, but it was enough time for Michael to move on.
They made him feel so fucking weak.  How had he ever allowed anyone to make him feel that way?  How had he ever let someone that deep under his skin, so deep he became Dean’s resting pulse?
Ash nodded, crossing his arms over his chest. “Yeah, that probably would have been the best option,” he agreed, not a hint of malice in his voice.
“Don’t
A figure slid over the balcony’s side railing. Dean’s face swam into view from the red flickering of the firelight inside.
He looked up at the balcony, his determination doubling. He was so close.
"Yeah," Sam said, reaching down under the bed and pulling out a plastic bag filled with a change of clothes.  Dean was glad he wouldn't have to change back into the clothes he was wearing at Harvelle's.  They'd probably smell like a bonfire.
Ellen stared hard—but, with every second that passed, her resolve weakened.  Dean desperately searched for something to say to change her mind back.  Because this was a bad idea.  He couldn’t be worried about protecting Jo, too—not on top of Sam and Cas, and everyone at the orphanage.  Not to mention himself.
!” Dean could practically feel his blood pressure rising. If he wasn’t careful, he’d give himself a nosebleed.
Claire pulled a face that was made to look all the more disdainful with her make-up. “There is something seriously wrong with a dad saying the word pinterest.” They laughed together, nudging shoulders, and then continued on in a companionable silence.
And, that time, when she reached up to take his shirt off, he let her.
He tried to gasp in the humid air, and he thought this might be what being in a sweatbox was like.
“Apologies for disappointing.”
It shook Dean out of his thoughts. “Isn’t that the point of necromancy?”
“Morning,” Sam told her, signing and speaking at once.
“Maybe I should sleep on the couch?” he whispered, just wanting Dean to tell him what to do.  Castiel didn’t know how to navigate this situation.
Okay, so maybe he was a dumbass.
hey! we did it!!
Cas kissed back deeply and languidly, his hand coming up to cradle the back of Dean’s head, careful of the cut there.  The wound was sore and stiff now, but it wasn’t anything Dean couldn’t handle.  He ignored it in favor of kissing Cas thoroughly.  He wanted the kiss to last—for them to stay suspended in time—but eventually they had to pull away to breathe, and the reality of their situation settled in.
They both knew that, in this case,
Castiel understood.  He nodded, and tried to ignore the hints of rejection swirling around his chest.  He picked himself up from the carpet and went for his coat on the hooks next to the door.  Behind him, Dean collected the empty beer bottles and let them dangle at his side, fingers shoved inside their openings to keep them from falling, as he met Castiel at the door.
He went into his recent calls and dialed Dean back.  It didn’t take long for Dean to pick up and ask, “What happened?  You hang up on me?”
—but it’s not like it actually mattered.  And it sure as fuck wouldn’t matter in two weeks.  He twisted the corners of his lips downward. “Yeah, maybe they’ll give me a nice severance package.”
Dean dug through his pocket and pulled out his wallet.
His touch connected to Dean’s shoulder. As soon as it did, the flames came back in full force. They liquified, slamming through Dean’s body with a fury. A loud scream tore from his raw throat. His eyes closed. His body thrashed. It hardly felt like he was in his own skin anymore.
“Sam?”
“Alive. Yes.”
“No. No, Chuck’s human now too.”
Cas stopped, furrowing his brow at Dean’s tone, “what?”
"Amara," Sam scoffed beside Dean, his arms folded against his chest.
As Dean had predicted, Cas was ecstatic. Not at first, of course; at first, he was confused. He’d turned over groggily as Dean shook his shoulder, forced awake from his first night of sleep in years. He’d rubbed his eyes and said Dean’s name, half-smiling and not sensing any danger.
“My wings aren’t fluffy, and you know I don’t-”
“Did you know?” He asked, “when you rebuilt me, did you know what I looked like before? Or were you just guessing?”
“Stay, Dean.” Cas murmured. “It’s almost morning.”
Dean didn’t know. And, for the first time since he and Mary had locked eyes earlier, he realised he didn’t care; her hesitation when she said his name was nothing compared to the way Cas was looking at him now, nothing compared to the elation he knew he’d see on Sam’s face when he realised his big brother was alive after all, nothing compared to the life and family he already had.
Dean pocketed his own gun and turned to Cas, giving him a weak smile. Cas’ eyes, he noticed, were a little red; Dean had never seen him cry before, and the thought of it made his skin crawl with guilt. He’d always assumed that angels couldn’t cry, and finding out that Cas could (and did) was like another admission of how little he knew about him.
“We’ll get him back,” he said, gruffly, “we’ve found one God, we can do it again.”
“When you pulled me out of hell, you rebuilt me yourself, right?” He said, gesturing vaguely at his body.
Dean smiled.
Jack paused, “I don’t know.”
“Dean,” Sam said, “watch the road.”
What came next was a blur. Hardly aware of what he was doing, Dean found himself racing towards the Impala and throwing himself into the driver’s seat with Sam hot on his heels. Neither of them needed to say anything to the other - there was no question as to where they were going. Sam didn’t even give Dean shit when he ran a red light, almost getting them killed in what would’ve been one of their less dignified deaths. Imagine that. Defeating God then dying in a freak accident. How embarrassing.
The kitchen was the same as they’d left it: a mess. Half-empty bottles littered the worktops, and there was a mouldy loaf of bread resting on the hob, forgotten in the chaos.
“He’s dead.” The look on Cas’ face was far worse than anything Dean had anticipated, worse than anything he’d ever seen before.
“You’re safe,” he whispered.  He kept standing there in the center of the empty street, unable to move until Jack settled.  His world narrowed down to the child in his arms.
Dean was still asleep. Their chests were pushed together, Dean’s arm slung over Castiel’s ribs, his nose tucked into the crook of Castiel’s neck. His breaths skirted against the skin there; his hair brushed against Castiel’s chin. They must have arranged themselves like that in sleep. Castiel didn’t know how—he hadn’t even recalled falling asleep.
Dean looked up, and wiped his hand on the front of his jacket.  “What you told me and Sam. About your family,” he said, getting straight to it.  He leaned forward, elbows on the table, and ran his hands through his hair. Cas waited patiently.
The rice fell off the fork, some of it landing back into the container and some of it scattering on the desk and Dean’s keyboard.  He kept the empty plastic utensil poised in front of his opened mouth, and read the email again. And again.
Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw Dean shrug. “Is that an invitation?” He sounded arrogant.
know.”
And then, voice frantic, she shouted, “Sheriff!”  She busted through the door, stumbling on the way in.  Two men were sitting around the desk, a bottle of whiskey and two filled tin cups between them.  Both stood up at once, their chairs audibly scraping against the floor.
Castiel pressed his lips together and looked away. He couldn’t see Michael’s face behind Dean’s. And he was tempted now, more than he was before, to take Michael up on the offer—to stay near Dean, to find a way to bring him back.
Cas’ hands were fisting at the front of his t-shirt, Dean realized, and his own fingers were wrapped up in Cas perpetually sex-rumpled hair.  And the heat in Dean’s lower abdomen was determined to give a reason for that now.
"Now, I know you're not suggesting what everyone thinks you're suggesting," he said, keeping his tone glib and unbothered despite the hurricane twisting in his gut.  "So, why don't we just call it a night, huh?"
It couldn’t even be called a waltz. Dean’s arms were up in the air as if he were holding a dancing partner, but they were positioned incorrectly, and all he did was twirl around.
But Dean hoped, eventually, things would even out. And they could be real. Happy, even. It was probably wishful thinking, just a silent prayer that no one was listening to anymore because the only guy who ever did could no longer hear him.
“You’re kidding, right?” Max said, almost sounding concerned.  “You? Mr. Hits On Everyone?
“It’s not quite all done,” Missouri said, drawing everyone’s alarmed attention. “Oh, calm down! It’s all fine, we won, he’s gone. But that is still a seam,” she said, pointing to the slight shimmer in reality where there had been, moments ago, a passageway. “It’s closed, for now. But just like that portal that leads to the mortal world, it could still open. That’s what Claire feels reaching out for her, no doubt. It’s gonna take magic to keep it safe.”
“Yes,” he said, chest suddenly too tight. He supposed it was the anticipation, which was ridiculous because he was free to leave the grounds whenever he damn well pleased. But there was something thrilling about sneaking away—with Dean.
That was it, huh?  Dean loved him. And it didn’t matter.
Castiel barely heard any of it.  He was searching Dean’s profile.  His ears rang.
“No, Dean,” Cas forced himself to say. “I can’t. Not while Jack’s still in danger.” Dean’s face fell, something behind his eyes crashing and burning. He ripped his hands away like he’d touched fire. Cas hurried to say, “But we can still be together. Go get Claire and bring her here. We can live in this world together.”
To Dean’s credit, he didn’t look away, but his voice did lower even further.  “I dunno. Just different.”
Besides, now that he was back in Saint’s Hallow, he didn’t want to leave. Being back – it felt right. Try as he might to build a home for Jack over the last five years, they didn’t belong in the mortal realm. Each sunset on that side of the veil came too quickly, and Jack was growing up so fast – faster than he ever would in Saint’s Hallow. Cas knew there would come a day where the mortal world would be Jack’s home, and their true home would be nothing but a distant memory. It might have already been too late.
“Exactly.  Might be a good place to spend the night.”
Cas didn’t answer. He was holding a spleen in his hand, and turned it over to look at the other side.
Eventually, he reached the line of doors leading outside, and the bright white sun was blinding as it seeped into the corridor. Castiel squinted as he walked through them, and glanced around at his fellow graduates farewelling one another and whipping out their phones to meet up with their loved ones. As he strolled by, he saw all of their faces crystal clear through the black-framed glasses sitting on his nose.
safety.  I mean, Cas—look at us.  We went along with your plan, and look where it got us.  Our lives are ruined.  We’re fugitives.  And look at all the people who got hurt.  Sam almost died.”  He worked his jaw, trying to decide whether or not to keep going, because part of him didn’t want to know if it made a difference.  “Cas,
"Just a suggestion."
There was a pressure building behind Dean’s eyes.  No matter how he tried to ignore it, it just kept stinging.  He looked at Cas and tried to figure out what had gotten lost between them, and when exactly they lost it.
He was happy Meg had brought it.
"They better not!" she shot back.  "I had to pull a lot of favors to get that back so quickly.  They shut us down again—."
Dean rested his arm on his thigh and looked up at the tree line. “Yeah, I guess. Pretty sweet, though. The berries are cool, even if I can’t eat ‘em.” He stood up again.
He stayed out of sight against the wall and peered outside.  There were no signs of a scuffle, but there was a figure by the main house, doubled over as one hand was held out on the porch post for support.  The other was clutching her stomach—her large, swollen stomach.
They were supposed to be past this.  Dean had apologized. But, apparently, he hadn’t meant it.
“Do you still…” he began, but appeared to change his mind too late. Dean knew what he was trying to say. And the answer was yes. If Dean lived for a thousand years, he’d always love Cas.
Giving a sound of protest, Castiel wrapped his arm tighter around Dean’s torso. “Why?”
It was an easy enough road to take.  All they’d have to do was follow the river upstream until it connected with the Missouri.  They could avoid going through any towns if they wished, which would probably be wise.  It took a little convincing, but Bobby let them take out the stage for the journey under the threat of his boot up their asses if so much as a scratch got on it.  But that didn’t mean they wanted to risk running into any Wells, Fargo agents in the neighboring towns.  It was best to keep this unauthorized route as hush-hush as possible.
“Gee, I don’t know. It might be that stick you have up your ass.” He walked to the workbench and picked up the car keys, causing them to jingle lightly.
would love to hear your thoughts in the comments!
The rain must have woken him up.  It pounded down on the roof like bullets, but Castiel knew it would pass soon.  The clouds above were moving quickly with the winds that whooshed and broke against the house.  Their dense molecules expanded and constricted as they unleashed their chaos. But such a fervent storm never lasted long, and soon the only thing left would be puddles and mud.
Castiel looked down at his shoes, scuffing them against the tile.  He put his free hand into his pocket. “Yes. They’re . . . unexciting.  Without. Well.”
As one, each of them stepped forward.
Dean tried to muster a smile. It was easier to do than he’d anticipated. His chest cavity sunk in a feeling of safety at the sight of a friend. “Hey, Benny.”
When Cas took him by the cheeks and kissed his lips again, it was like he was claiming Dean as his own.  And Dean almost laughed, because ain’t that just capitalism? Maybe Cas could run a million dollar company, after all, if the side of him that came out when he kissed was any indication.
Castiel didn’t know why he was listening to this.  None of what he was saying was relevant.
He wondered if a person like her was still burning in an eternal fire.  It didn’t feel possible.
Dean didn’t know what exactly he was apologizing for. But, whatever it was, Cas wasn’t the reason they were alive again. He couldn’t be.
“I showed her a sketch of Novak from the wanted poster.  She ID’d him—‘Course, she didn’t know who he really was, but she said he and the baby had been traveling with them.  She was
Maybe this was, too: “And . . . one day, perhaps, we’ll find Sam and Dean again.”  His throat was closing up.  “I know Sam would like that.  I’m sorry we left without saying goodbye to him, but . . . he would have stopped us.  It was better this way.”
“Uh, excuse me, miss?” he asked when he was close enough to her.
Except for Dean.
“It was…” He shook his head, trying to remember what Zachariah had said. “Something about Cas being joined with the person he loves.”
Alastair.  Castiel had heard that name before.  His insides roiled as he recalled where he'd heard it.  "Who's Alastair?" he demanded.  Everything seemed suddenly so urgent.
He looked at Claire, trying not to feel too guilty about tending to Jack. But her eyes were fixed on the window. All color had drained from her face and she was panting hard. She seemed stricken, even afraid.
Dean raised his brows, not really believing that. “You okay?”
Castiel tore away from Dean’s mouth to drink in the stifling air. His throat was dry and raw, but Dean’s name found its way to his lips. Dean tipped his forehead against Castiel’s staring downward in focus. Castiel kept his eyes on Dean’s face in the close proximity, taking in the freckles on his cheeks.
“So, you stole it?”
.”  Their relationship was far from simple, it never had been, even before the separation.
Dean paused for a second.  It’s not like Sam knew it’d been Dean’s idea.  He probably wasn’t IMing for that reason. He was probably just gossiping.  Dean typed back,
Dean blinked, thrown.  Then, his expression turned introspective.  “Yeah.”
The point was, Dean had absolutely no idea what Cas wanted to talk to him about.
As his brain caught up, the first thing it spit out was: “Man, we really gotta—stop getting caught with—without lube.”  He didn’t mean for his voice to hitch so much, but it was kind of tough to control anything from shaking with the way Cas was circling the pads of two fingers against his rim.
Cas’ hand tightened around his scalp, and he heard the heels of Cas’ shoes knock against the side of the desk and his body tensed.  “Dean,” he tried to warn. Dean hummed around him, sending up a vibration that, if orgasming was any indication, worked for Cas.
Dean couldn’t stop himself before his eyes flickered back to Cas.
Cas nodded, looking like it was a memory he didn’t like reliving. “I wasn’t the only one. I didn’t see anyone at first, but I heard them. Millions of angels and demons calling out. I don’t know how many. It wasn’t all of them, but… enough. That was how Jack and I rescued the angels we did from the Empty. They were already awake. We took who we needed and left the rest.”
Future Castiel would have a longer list of friends he’ll miss.
Dean swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat. “Tell me this isn’t real. Someone tell me this isn’t real because there’s no way on Chuck’s green Earth that this is real and I swear to fuck I’m this close to stabbing myself with a steak knife just to see if I’m actually alive because all of this is batshit crazy enough already without Cas standing in front of me, so someone either pass me the knife or tell me this isn’t real.”
I wasn’t hopeful. I don’t know stats or anything like that, but Death-Cast fucking up alerts isn’t exactly common news. And my family hasn’t exactly been lucky with staying alive. But meeting our maker way ahead of time? We’re your guys.
“Mm. ‘Bout what?”
“What’s going on in her- hey dude!” Sam exclaimed. He didn’t want to feed into Dean’s desire to keep this thing (a dog in the bunker?
Sam walked in from the library, scratching miracle on the head as he walked toward the War Room where everyone was gathered.
Jesse drags Eric’s backpack out from under the blue car where Lee threw it. He unzips the backpack and flips it over, letting some Black Panther and Hawkeye comics hit the ground. “Nothing.”
Neither of the brothers said anything on the car ride back to the bunker. There were no words to be said, not yet. Jack had restored the Earth, but the air was still cold with a sense of pain and emptiness.
“How’s that?” Jesse asks.
as he sprinted toward the bunker’s entrance.
“Don’t ever change.”
“I’m Castiel.”
I don’t want to pick up the phone. I’d rather run into Mom’s bedroom and curse into a pillow because she chose the wrong time to land herself in intensive care, or punch a wall because my Dad marked me for an early death when he died the day I was born. The phone rings for what’s got to be the thirtieth time, and I can’t avoid it any more than I can avoid what’s going down sometime today.
Then he leaned in and said in Dean’s ear, quiet enough that Sammy couldn’t hear, “and maybe this’ll teach you to stop being such a sissy.”
Whenever Dean thinks back on this day, it’s a mix of emotions. Bittersweet fondness for his first lone hunt. Anger and sadness for, well, all of the events of that day. Worry of whether John had hurt Sammy while he was gone. Sam assured him he hadn’t; but the fear lingered.
tw/cw: language (i don't anticipate much of anything in here to need a warning, but i'll still make note of it in the beginning notes).
“I’m sorry,” Castiel lands on.
Eric slides along the wall, nervous, like he’s scaling across some windows high up in the city.
I could’ve killed him, even if I didn’t mean to. I don’t know if I would’ve been able to live with myself or not if I did end up making him snuff it. Actually, no. That’s a lie and I know it, I’m just trying to be hard. But I’m not hard. Not really. It’s just a show so I don’t have to deal with shit. I’ve barely been able to live with myself for surviving something my family didn’t- something that wasn’t even my fault. There’s no way in hell I would’ve been okay with myself for beating someone to death.
“Yes, you’re right. I’m sorry,” Ben says.
After that, I will somehow pull myself away from my sister and my niece, and I will go and live.
Barely looking at Cas, Dean says, “You can’t make me say all that and then look at me like you are and expect me to
“They’re not a real gang, and he was the gang reject. I got no reason to be scared of a gang that let Eric in. He can’t even call them or Cassie, we took care of that.” I wouldn’t want him reaching out to Cassie before I can. I gotta explain myself, and, I don’t know, she may not want to see me if she figures out what I did, End Day or not.
“Is, um, do you want me to take care of that for you?”
Eric squirms beneath me and I raise my fist so he calms the hell down.
I walk back over to the three of them, fast. I pick Eric up by the back of his collar and then slam him against the brick wall. Blood slides from an open wound on his forehead, and I can’t believe this dude threw me over the edge like this. He should’ve never run his mouth about all the reasons Cassie didn’t want me anymore. If that’d never gotten back to me, my hand wouldn’t be around his throat right now, getting him even more scared than I am.
I always imagined my herald- their official name, not mine- would sound sympathetic to ease me into this news, maybe even harp on how it’s especially tragic because I’m so young. To be honest, I would’ve been okay with her being chipper, telling me how I should have fun and make the most of the day since I at least know what’s going to happen. That way I’m not stuck at home starting one-thousand piece puzzles I’ll never finish or masturbating because sex with an actual person scares me. But this herald makes me feel like I should stop wasting her time because, unlike me, she has so much of it.
“I wasn’t gonna kill him.”
. I guess what I’ll miss most are the wasted opportunities to live my life and the lost potential to make great friends with everyone I sat next to for four years. I’ll miss how we never got to bond over sleepovers where everyone stayed up and played Xbox Infinity and board games all night, all because I was too scared.
done dirty is Eric, so I’m counting on not getting shot, but who knows, misfires happen too. The how doesn’t matter as much as what I do before it goes down, but not knowing is still shaking me; you only die once, after all.
“Don’t ever do that again, you hear me? You scared the crap outta me, Cas,” Dean choked out through tears, not moving from their current position.
“Is, um, do you want me to take care of that for you?”
, of course.
She said nothing, just smiled at the brothers and hugged them tighter. After a few moments, Charlie pulled away, saying, “You know, being snapped back into existence really works up a girl’s appetite, and I imagine you two are pretty starved too. How about you head into the kitchen and make us something? You might even find another surprise in there,” she suggested with a wink at Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
right now. It’s easy to just… be. To just exist with each other, without any obligations, without needing any words. But I know that eventually there has to be words. We have to talk about it. And I don’t know how to. Last time I tried to do the talking there were no worries about what he would say back, no worries about messing up and saying the wrong thing. I was about to die.”
“Right, that,” Dean chuckled, nodding.
Castiel rapped lightly on the doorframe, Dean turning away from the bag he was packing and toward Cas.
I shake my head and pull the door shut.
the same.”
“Okay. Castiel’s me. I’m Castiel.”
Castiel looked down at Dean. His head was laying against Cas’s shoulder, their arms lazily intertwined.
I’ve been lurking ao3 for years now but didn’t make an account until very recently. Being a not-well-established user, I understand how unlikely it is for this to reach many people, but even if the only satisfaction I get is my own (because holy shit I’ve never wanted to tell a story this badly) I’ll be happy.
The end.
“More than just a
. Wait a sec.” He holds out the phone. “You want me to hang up, Dean?”
“Oh! I mean, I’m not totally fluent, but we all knew some of the basics back at the resistance on apocalypse world, and Eileen’s been helping me out some too.”
The group of them began making lunch- or was it dinner? None of them knew exactly what time it was, but they didn't seem to care either as they chatted and laughed and filled their stomachs and let themselves bask in the feeling of achievement. The feeling of
He sits on his bed and braces himself.
Lee nods.
That’s what Dean had said to Cas when he pulled him from Zachariah and to a highway in the middle of who knows where because, by god, “we had an appointment,” and Castiel was not going to let Dean miss it.
“The hell I do,” I say. My heart is pounding crazy fast, even faster than when I first pinned Eric against the side of the building, even faster than when I first decked him and laid him out. Eric’s left eye is swollen already, and there’s still nothing but pure terror in his right eye. These Death-Cast calls go strong until three. He doesn’t know for sure if I’m about to take him down with me.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” the blush on Dean’s face grows and he bites his lip as if thinking.
i suck at summaries but i promise my writing is decent
gift actually,” a voice said from below, prompting the brothers to whip their heads toward its source. “Sup, bitches?” Charlie greeted them with a Vulcan salute.
the voice in his head kept repeating,
“You didn’t ‘beat’ me, okay? Cassie didn’t split with me because of you, so get that out of your head right now. She loved me and we got complicated, and she would’ve taken me back eventually.” I know this is legit- Lee and Jesse think so too. I lean in on Eric, looking him dead-on in his only good eye. “I better never see you again for the rest of my life.” Yeah, yeah. Not much life left. But this dude is a fucking clown and might get funny. “You feel me?”
“I’m not all the way there yet. Over three decades of hating yourself isn’t an overnight job. But I’m trying. I’m trying to see what everyone else sees. To see what you see. And as for Jack… that’s a hell of a kid you’ve got. And I want to fix things with him as much as I want to fix ‘em with you.”
He expected at any moment to wake up, as if this was all just a dream and he and Sam were actually in a coma after being beaten to a pulp by Chuck. He expected at any moment for someone to stand up and scream in his face, blaming him for Cas’s death. What Dean Winchester did not expect, however, was whatever the Hell it was that happened next.
Dean’s face burns red and he thinks he might implode right there as he replies, “You- you know. You know what I’m talking about.”
Dean’s head was spinning with so many thoughts that he didn’t even notice that everyone else had left the room, leaving only himself and Cas. His head was currently being supported by his hands and his eyes were closed in an attempt to have a single clear thought. No dice.
Damn it, Dean thought to himself as he scrambled some eggs,
“I’m saying you’ve got nothing to worry about. I think the worst that could happen to you two has already happened; a dozen times over at that. I wouldn’t worry too much about saying the wrong thing.”
“Death-Cast can’t call him either,” Lee says.
years after his death, john's words still ring in dean's ears and bring about some good old self doubt, with a dash of cas and charlie friendship supremacy!
It’s Cas who breaks the silence.
Dean shifts uncomfortably and finishes folding the jeans in his hands before setting them on his bed and exhaling deeply.
“Twenty-three hours,” I interrupt, pacing back and forth from one end of this car to the other. “You’re calling after one.” It’s bullshit. Other Deckers got their alert an hour ago. Maybe if Death-Cast called an hour ago I wouldn’t have been waiting outside the restaurant where freshman-year college-dropout Eric works so I could chase him into this parking lot.
as the tags say: 15x20 isn't real and can't hurt me.
For now, everything was okay. Sure, it was a bit worrying to them that a toddler now held the world in his hands, but they were alive, and the world was restored. Dean even let himself play around with the idea of sending in the construction job application.
“You’ve got the wrong person,” I tell Amy. My heart settles down, even though I feel for this Terrence person. I truly do. “My name is Castiel.” Dad picked it, after some angel, Cassiel I think, and Mom wants me to pass it down eventually. Now I can, if having a kid is a thing that happens for me.
Dean is wringing his hands together now, trying to bite back the nausea creeping over him. Cas is silent, not daring to put a stop to Dean opening up for once.
“Oh,” Castiel remarked, “it seems I am much later than I thought.”
effect. My boys, Lee and Jesse, are no longer cheering for the beat-down. They’re dead quiet and I’m waiting for this punk Eric’s phone to go off too. But nothing, just my phone. Maybe the call telling me I’m about to lose my life and just saved his.
Dean broke the hug to look at her, his eyebrows raised and hands moving in question. “For what?”
“Charlie I can see you standing at the door, just come in already,” Eileen said, eyeing the entrance to the kitchen.
“Thank you, Charlie. I appreciate the
I’ll be gone before I can adjust to my mortality.
Charlie was the first to break the uncomfortable silence by clearing her throat. “We’re in here.” Her voice was so laced with anxiety that it sounded more like a squeak, but he was still able to turn the corner and find where the group was sitting.
“Take care of what?” Charlie looked up at him, pinching the bridge of her nose.
“That’s me,” I sigh.
I’ve got to get out into the world, though, trick myself into thinking it’s any other day. I’ve got to see Mom at the hospital and hold her hand for the first time since I was a kid for what will be the last… wow, the last time ever.
I hang up, which is rude, I know. I know. But I can’t listen to someone tell me what a stressful day she’s been having when I might drop dead in the next hour, or even the next ten minutes: I could choke on a cough drop; I could leave my apartment to do something with myself and fall down the stairs and snap my neck before I even make it outside; someone could break in and murder me. The only thing I can confidently rule out is dying of old age.
“And accepting that I was blinded by grief. I couldn’t bear losing my mom again, and I needed someone to blame, someone to throw my anger at ‘cause I couldn’t accept that maybe it was an accident. That maybe Jack is just a scared little kid, and him not looking like one makes it easy to forget; maybe I know a little something about being controlled by forces that are beyond your own power. Maybe I know a little something about growing up without a mom, about having two dads, one that’s a deadbeat and one that’s the reason I’m still breathing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tell me anything about what’s going on? No. but it’s not been that hard to figure out, bud. Neither of you know how to be subtle.”
I storm toward our bikes. My handles are tangled in Lee’s wheel from after we chased Eric here, jumping off our bikes to tackle him. “You guys can’t follow me,” I say, picking my bike up. “You get that, right?”
Eileen perked up a bit at this. “You know, that sounds fun, I never got to really meet everyone before… you know…” she trailed off.
“Dean,” Cas said through his teeth, and so much for patience.  “Just decide.”
“Yeah, and you wanna have sex with me.”
Angrier, Dean shot back,
For a split second, Dean wanted to say no.  He cleared his throat and readjusted his legs, trying to get the blood moving in them again.  "Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" he told his boots as he toed at the fine powder quickly compacting into a sheet of ice.
Behind him, Cas groaned. There was a shuffling sound as he took off his coat, and then the bed creaked.
Or maybe she had.  Maybe she was waiting for him to ask her to dinner—
When the hug broke, Dean beamed at his father.  “I didn’t know you were coming home.”
“How’s it going, Jo?”
“Cassie here is determined to remain an eternal bachelor,” Balthazar said in his uppity British accent.
“That was the deal,” Lucifer said.  “Except . . . he has a new mother now.”
“Mr. Roman’s office sent around an email asking everyone to go to the reception area,” Jack answered.  He talked like he was still learning what all those words meant—slow and thoughtful. Dean wouldn’t have been surprised if the kid had rehearsed it in his head on the walk over.
“You know, Cas, I’m supposed to be the alcoholic one here,” he said as his keys jingled in the lock.  Cas chuckled loudly and drunkenly, probably waking up a few neighbors in the process. He leaned further into Dean, practically burying his face into Dean’s throat, and Dean had to ignore the feeling of Cas’ lips on his skin.
Dean was glad he remembered. Sam would be able to find a Men of Letters contact at one of the churches in Boston. There were still a few old timers left around. They’d take care of it all, and make sure Dean had an official cause of death that no one would look twice at. Dean guessed he’d probably be one of the last Man of Letters to get that treatment, if not the very last.
Dean barked, “Cas, give him the damn baby!”
As soon as he was free, he palmed off Cas’ suit jacket, and Cas leaned in to keep his mouth moving against Dean’s until the garment was off.  Dean pulled the tails of his shirt from his belt and only unbuttoned it halfway before Cas pulled back and took the thing off over his head, the tie going with it, falling to a heap on the floor.
Cas turned back to him abruptly.  Everything about him was cutting.  “What does that even mean?”
Because Mary was dead, and Ash was dead, and Jessica was dead, and Dean felt like he was insulting their memory just by keeping Cas in his arms.
Castiel didn’t want Dean to get over it. Her words cut into his chest and hollowed out his gut. He should be angry with her for tricking him into taking her home, but he didn’t know what he’d expected.
What’s worse, the doors weren’t closing so they could get moving.  He was completely trapped. He didn’t have enough room to take his phone out to check the time, but it felt like they’d been stalled there for five minutes so far.  With each minute that passed, Cas’ body tensed more and more.
Castiel didn’t know why he was relieved. “Excellent.”
“You—I—,” he said, trying to find a coherent thought somewhere in all the jumbled mess.  What came out was: “Finance is never gonna pay for that!” Which, okay, was a lame excuse, but it was also true.
Meg dropped her arms and began strolling to one side, looking like she was planning on circling them in a wide arc.  "Yeah, about that," she said, clicking her tongue.  "'Fraid plans have changed, Dean-o."
Dean let out a dry laugh.  “Yeah, well, too bad you don’t have any more witnesses—seeing as the other man walked into the river a few days later.  I’m guessing that was your doing, too.”
Cas didn’t look up.  He nodded slightly. “Yes.”
Dean's stomach was doing a weird flipping thing, and he had to force himself to say, "You think about that guy often?"  His voice didn't sound very playful, like he’d wanted it to be.  It was way too quiet, way too weighted.  If it had been anyone else, it'd be easy.  It'd be banter.  It'd be meaningless.
Dean steeled himself—though it was in a different way than he used to for his own father. With John, Dean saw a look like that and prepared himself for an order. With Bobby, Dean prepared himself for a plea.
He sat up, finding more of the monolithic turbines in neat rows all around him. Above them was a blue sky interrupted by puffy white clouds.
Dean looked down at his boots. Behind him, their shadows stretched long as they walked under a light. The silhouettes circled them in an arc before walking ahead of them, and then bleeding back into the darkness.
“No, I don’t think I do, actually,” Cas responds sweetly, feigning innocence.
Sam eyed her suspiciously but complied, him and Dean walking toward the bunker’s kitchen. Charlie trailed behind, giving them space but leaving the two of them within view. Or three, rather.
“Yes, I talked to her before coming here. She’s okay, Sam. Our girlfriend’s the Queen of Hell, a little apocalypse isn’t going to kill her,” Eileen replied with a smile, earning one from Sam in return.
It’s crazy. One minute ago I was reading yesterday’s blog entry from
“Maybe it was a mistake,” Jesse says.
“Mmm,” she sipped her coffee, nodding. “I’ve been wondering which of you would come to me first.”
“You said you were going to ‘tell me,’ the day we were in purgatory. What is it that you’re referring to?”
My phone stops ringing.
“I don’t know how I’m doing.” I squeeze my phone so I don’t throw it against the wall painted with little white and brown kids holding hands underneath a rainbow. I look over my shoulder and Eric is still face-first on the ground as Lee and Jesse stare at me; they better make sure he doesn’t run away before we can figure out what we’re doing with him. “Just tell me my options.” This should be good.
“Sorry I fell ‘sleep, I only got a few hours last night,” Dean apologized as he curled deeper into Cas’s side.
Dean was practically jumping out of the Impala as Sam pulled into the bunker’s large garage. It was at the top of the staircase descending into the bunker that he noticed the first of several oddities him and Sam would encounter that night. Standing there, panting and jumping at Dean with excitement, was Miracle. Dean hugged the shaggy dog tight, probably a little too tight, and smiled for what felt like the first time in days.
“You’re not ditching us,” Jesse says, “Where you go, we go.”
“Here,” John had said, giving Dean a piece of paper with the address of a local church. “Some nuns are buried there. Margorie Reiter and Julie Ingersoll. Two of ‘em were in love or some shit and off themselves. Simple salt and burn. I trust you to take this on your own so I can have some time with your brother.”
I slide my laptop off my crossed legs and get up from my bed, swaying to the side, feeling really faint. I’m like a zombie moving toward my desk, slow and walking-dead.
“Cas, you there?” Dean asked, waving his hand in front of the angel’s face.
“Well, I could tell you this isn’t real, but I’m afraid I’d be lying,” Cas replied, “and I will do whatever I need to in order to convince you that this is real, but please do not stab yourself.”
as I believe humans call it,” Castiel spoke with a smile, standing from his seat.
“Eileen,” his voice cracked with emotion as he ran over and engulfed her in a hug. The speed of his movements caught her slightly off guard but she returned the gesture, both of them whispering words of having missed the other. Eileen pulled back, holding Sam’s face in her hands. She took in his appearance; his beautiful (albeit currently disheveled) hair, the scruff on his face, his sage green eyes. He’s here. He’s real, And so is she. They met in the middle with a kiss that said more than words could.
“Just… here,” he muttered, hovering a hand over her head. A white glow came from it, and Charlie perked up.
My phone rings again.
Hi friends!
Wringing her hands anxiously and staring intently at the ceiling was Eileen.
came close to the poetry that was Dean’s name. He could say it over and over and over and never get tired of it. Dean. Dean. Dean.
Dean broke the hug to look at her, his eyebrows raised. “For what?”
“You know, I- I was gonna tell you. That day in purgatory. I’d been working on my shit. Losing you, man, it…” he runs a hand over his face, shaking his head. “It snapped something in me. Made it click. I don’t know. ‘Cause what I felt when you left, it was the same feeling as when Dad found out about me and Lee and made me break it off. Same as when I had to leave Benny. I had to force myself to realize that the reason it felt the same, is because it
The group of them began making lunch- or was it dinner? None of them knew exactly what time it was, but they didn't seem to care either as they chatted and laughed and filled their stomachs and let themselves bask in the feeling of achievement. The feeling of
He nodded in understanding. “Yeah. I just, it’s just so
thank you for reading! As I’ve mentioned this might be the first in a series to fix the finale so let me know if you’d like to see more with this storyline. Kudos and comments are always appreciated (even if it's just you keysmashing and having a deancas breakdown- I always enjoy hearing from readers <3).
Dean looks up and is only frozen for a moment before he grabs Cas’s tie and closes the distance between them. At first it’s short and awkward, all noses bumping and cheeks flushing, pulling apart with little laughs only to touch their foreheads together and dive back in; but it’s them, completely and utterly them. It’s Dean holding Cas’s face in his hands and smiling at him like he’s the only angel in the world; it’s Cas’s fond eyes on Dean as he plants a kiss on his forehead and lets Dean rest it on his shoulder, combing his fingers through his hair and letting out a sigh of content.
The boys ran down the stairs to bear-hug charlie. It’d barely been a few weeks since Chuck had snapped her away, but it felt like a lifetime.
Following Chuck’s defeat and Jack’s decision to take his place, the last thing Dean wanted was to go home to the bunker.
Mom takes hot showers to cool herself down whenever she’s upset or disappointed in herself. I copied her around the time I turned thirteen because confusing Castiel Thoughts surfaced and I needed tons of Castiel Time to sort through them. I’m showering now because I feel guilty for hoping the world, or some part of it beyond Jo and my mom, will be sad to see me go. Because I refused to live invincibly on all the days I didn’t get an alert, I wasted all those yesterdays and am completely out of tomorrows.
“Good morning, Dean.”
I’m shaking and that buzzing panic is in my head, like someone is punching me nonstop, because I have no idea how I’m gonna go, just that I am. And my life isn’t exactly flashing before my eyes, not that I expect it to later on when I’m actually at death’s edge.
Now, two decades later, he’s scooping eggs onto a plate as everyone begins piling in from their rooms. First is Sam, ever the early riser, followed by Cas coming in from outside, then Eileen, and finally Charlie at almost noon.
But it was more than that. He was more than just zoned out, and he had been since he got back to the bunker a few days prior. He and Dean hadn’t talked, really talked, at least not about what was hanging between them. So many words and emotions unspoken, only shown through gestures such as the ones they gave each other this morning as the sun rose. And now here they were, sky blue eyes staring down into forest green ones, even more words flowing through their gaze.
Sam mumbled something on his way out and gave Dean a weak smile, leaving him alone.
“Seconded,” Sam agreed.
“For leaving,” he says, “I’m sorry for leaving, Dean. I can’t- I don’t even want to imagine what it would be like to lose you the same way. I’m sorry,” Cas is looking down at his feet, unable to meet Dean’s eyes.
So now they were there, human and angel, man and divine being, reveling in the comfortable silence of lying on the hood of Dean’s decades-old car that was parked outside the bunker. The sunrise grew steadily brighter as shades of pink and orange faded to blue and the previous night’s stars parted to make way for the glowing sun.
He had someone to talk to.
“How do you guys know?” I interrupt. Maybe this dude will take pity on me and I can clue in Jesse and Lee on this huge mystery. “The End Days. How do you know? Some list? Crystal ball? Calendar from the future?” Everyone stays speculating on how Death-Cast receives this life-changing information. Lee told me about all these crazy theories he read online, like Death-Cast consulting a band of legit psychics and a really ridiculous one with an alien shackled to a bathtub and forced by the government to report End Days. There’s a lot of things wrong with that theory, but I don’t have time to comment on them right now.
Cas couldn’t resist looking down and smiling at Dean’s half-awake form. Castiel was a Seraph; he had watched humanity and Earth being created for centuries but he had yet to encounter anyone- anything- as beautiful as the man lying next to him. The gentle stubble of his cheeks and chin; the worn plaid from thrift stores across the country that he would abandon only for his role as an FBI agent; and his name. Oh, his name. Castiel had lived through the likes of Sappho and Edgar Allen Poe and Maya Angelou and nothing,
“What, did you think I would be able to resist watching the sappy meet up? You guys should know better than that,” she retorted, walking into the room.
If someone were interested in my list of people I
“So, I figured now that everyone’s had a few days to rest, recuperate, get reacquainted with, uh, Earth and everything, we could go check on everyone? Say hi to Jody and Donna, see if Claire and Kaia need help with anything, see how Garth and his family are doing?” he asked hesitantly, his eyes flicking around the room to look at everyone as he spoke.
Castiel receives a call from Death-Cast.
), he really didn’t, but he was so caught up in whatever emotions one might experience after losing his girlfriend, several best friends, then witnessing both the end of the world and the saving of it that he couldn’t help but kneel down and laugh with his brother. True to his name, this dumb dog really did feel like a miracle.
Castiel cautiously walked over and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder, unsure if he was awake or asleep. He perked up a bit, sighing and turning toward Castiel with a soft smile. Standing from his chair, he threw his arms around Cas, who embraced Dean in return, each of them melting into the other’s arms.
“Yeah, just- just zoned out,” Cas replied.
“I won’t,” Castiel promised, squeezing him tighter, “I won’t.”
Jesse stays quiet.
He expected at any moment to wake up, as if this was all just a dream and he and Sam were actually in a coma after being beaten to a pulp by Chuck. He expected at any moment for someone to stand up and scream in his face, blaming him for Cas’s death. What Dean did not expect, however, was whatever the Hell it was that happened next.
Damn.
“Hm. Might have to join the club and start learning with you and Sam, if that’s okay with you guys,” Dean replied, flushing with embarrassment that he hadn’t made more of an effort before.
This story began at 5 am in my notes app when I couldn't sleep. I had an idea, a little spark, and couldn't rest until I got it out, so I word-vomited 2 paragraphs and passed out. Upon waking up I began actually writing and came up with… whatever this is.
I’m shaking but manage to press
I give myself some distance, as if privacy actually matters, and make sure I stay out of the light coming from the exit sign. Not trying to get caught in the middle of the night with blood on my knuckles. “Yeah?”
“I don’t-” Cas faltered, not knowing what to say or how to say it. What’s he supposed to say?
Cas tilted his head in confusion. “Did Dean…?”
“Dean, I regret to inform you that sometime in the next twenty-three hours you’ll be meeting an untimely death. While there isn’t anything I can do to suspend that, I’m calling to inform you of your options for the day. First of all, how are you doing? It took a while for you to answer. Is everything okay?”
I’m trying to keep my mouth shut ‘cause I don’t want to take my problems out on some guy doing his job, even though I have no idea why the hell anyone applies for this position in the first place. Let’s pretend I go to the future for a second, entertain me- in no universe am I ever waking up and saying, “I think I’ll get a twelve-to-three shift where I do nothing but tell people their lives are over.” But Ben and others did. I don’t want to hear any of that don’t-kill-the-messenger bullshit either, especially when the messenger is calling to tell me I’ll be six feet under by day’s end.
“You ready to go, Sam?” John asked, walking out the motel door, the younger boy trailing behind him.
Castiel’s eyes darted around the room, taking in what he had walked in on. Charlie and Eileen, nervously smiling; Sam, frozen with wide eyes staring at the angel before them; and Dean, sweet Dean, barely breathing, trying to muster up the ability to speak.
It was January 24, 1996. Dean was turning 17. He wasn’t expecting much. Hell, he wasn’t expecting anything. Maybe a pat on the back, or a day off from helping John hunt so he could take Sammy to a movie. He definitely wasn’t expecting to be sent out on a hunt.
“Eileen? Charlie? Are you here? I’m sorry for being later than anticipated, there were… things to sort out.”
“Okay, just, you three, go say hi, greet the guest and all while I take a second to process,” Dean gestured around the air, “all of this.”
“You two are straight-up shadows, you know that?” I say.
(See the end of the chapter for
I’ve only ever been to one funeral. My grandmother died when I was seven, and at her funeral I threw a tantrum because she wasn’t waking up. Fast-forward five years when Death-Cast came into the picture and suddenly everyone
miss, I’d have nothing for them. No one has ever wronged me. And I even get why some people didn’t take a shot on me. Really, I do. I’m such a paranoid mess. The few times I was invited to do something fun with classmates, like roller-skating in the park or going for a drive late at night, I bowed out because we
“Mm. ‘Bout what?”
Sometimes it wasn't just that his guts seemed to disappear. Sometimes they were yanked, forcefully pulled out from under him by the sound of his father’s voice, grating in his ear. One incident stuck out in his mind like a sore thumb, and especially lately, hurt like a fresh wound despite the fact that it happened decades ago.
But I will never grow up to be Future Castiel. No one will ever get high with me, no one will be my audience as I play piano, and no one will shotgun in my mom’s car after I get my license. I’ll never fight with friends over who gets the better bowling shoes or the last piece of challah or who gets to be Wolverine when we play video games.
“It just… it was so damn hard, Cas. Trying to get over the shit John ingrained in me, that was harder than anything. Trying to get over the fact that he was glad I’d rather be his son than his daughter, but that it came with the condition of
While everyone ate, Sam suggested they take a road trip to see everyone- Jody, Donna, and the girls; Bobby and Rufus; and Garth’s family. The subtle look he gave everyone else communicated without words that whether they liked it or not, however long it took, they would all be piling into their cars to head to Sioux Falls.
Following Chuck’s defeat and Jack’s decision to take his place, the last thing Dean wanted was to go home to the bunker.
Upon receiving various mumbles and gestures of agreement, everyone but Charlie and Castiel dispersed to begin packing. It was when the two were finally alone that Castiel spoke up for the first time.
“Late night?” Dean remarks as she drags herself to the table and begins sipping a cup of coffee.
He wants to know how I’m doing, yeah right. I can hear it in the stunted way he asked me, he doesn’t actually care about me any more than he does the other Deckers he’s gotta call tonight. These calls are probably monitored and he’s not trying to lose his job by speeding through this shit.
Lee rushes toward Eric and I swear he’s about to kick him like his head’s a soccer ball, but he grabs my phone off the ground and answers the call. “Who you calling for?” His neck twitch surprises no one. “Hold on, Hold on. I’m not him.
Dean pauses halfway through folding a pair of jeans to look at Cas. “For what?”
as he sprinted toward the bunker’s entrance.
here's chapter 2! as usual this is beta'd only by me so all mistakes are my own.
be setting ourselves up for death,
But it was more than that. He was more than just zoned out, and he had been since he got back to the bunker a few days prior. He and Dean hadn’t talked, really talked, at least not about what was hanging between them. So many words and emotions unspoken, only shown through gestures such as the ones they gave each other this morning as the sun rose. And now here they were, sky blue eyes staring down into forest green ones, even more words flowing through their gaze.
Now, two decades later, he’s scooping eggs onto a plate as everyone begins piling in from their rooms. First is Sam, ever the early riser, followed by Cas coming in from outside, then Eileen, and finally Charlie at almost noon.
“Hello Dean.” Cas walked into Dean’s room, seemingly looking anywhere except at the other man- the pistol sitting on the nightstand, the cobwebs that had taken over a corner of the ceiling, the half full duffel bag on his bed.
(See the end of the chapter for
warnings: language, brief mention of a hangover, internalized homophobia, john winchester’s shitty parenting, canon-typical angst but it’s fixed dw
Like many fans, when Supernatural ended, I was upset and confused and found comfort in TikToks, Tumblr posts, and YouTube videos filled with headcanons about what we all know what
Lee and Jesse can’t stay with me the entire day, I know that. But we’re Plutos, bros from the same foster home, and we don’t turn our backs on each other.
I sink to the floor, on my knees. It’s all ending today and there is absolutely nothing I can do about it. I can’t journey across dragon-infested lands to receive scepters that can halt death. I can’t hop onto a flying carpet in search of a genie to grant my wish for a full and simple life. I could maybe find some mad scientist to cryogenically freeze me, but chances are I’d die in the middle of that wacky experiment. Death is inevitable for everyone and it’s absolute for me today.
Part One: Death-Cast
Wow, I’m actually…
Cas tilted his head in confusion. “Did Dean…?”
For now, everything was okay. Sure, it was a bit worrying to them that a toddler now held the world in his hands, but they were alive, and the world was restored. Dean even let himself play around with the idea of sending in the construction job application he’d filled out a few weeks ago.
He wanted to talk to Cas. He really did. But every time he thought he had mustered up the guts for it in the past few days, those guts fell straight out of his stomach the second he looked at Castiel.
gonna be responsible for this.
After a moment Eileen walked over to Dean and hugged him too, pecking him on the cheek and smiling. “Thank you,” she spoke.
It was January 24, 1996. Dean was turning 17. He wasn’t expecting much. Hell, he wasn’t expecting anything. Maybe a pat on the back, or a day off from helping John hunt so he could take Sammy to a movie. He definitely wasn’t expecting to be sent out on a hunt.
thanks for reading! comments and kudos are greatly appreciated :) updates will be coming at least once a week!
“More than okay,” Eileen exclaimed, playfully nudging him.
“Eileen,” his voice cracked with emotion as he ran over and engulfed her in a hug. The speed of his movements caught her slightly off guard but she returned the gesture, both of them whispering words of having missed the other. Eileen pulled back, holding Sam’s face in her hands. She took in his appearance; his beautiful (albeit currently disheveled) hair, the scruff on his face, his sage green eyes. He’s here. He’s real, And so is she. They met in the middle with a kiss that said more than words could.
Sam mumbled something on his way out and gave Dean a weak smile, leaving him alone.
I check my watch- an old one of Dad’s Mom gave me when I turned fifteen- and it’s close to 1:00 a.m. On a regular day, I would be playing video games until late at night, even if it meant going to school exhausted. At least I could fall asleep during my free periods. I shouldn’t have taken those frees for granted. I should’ve taken up another class, like art, even though I can’t draw to save my life. (Or do anything to save my life, obviously, and I want to say that’s neither here nor there, but it pretty much is everything, isn’t it?) Maybe I should’ve joined band and played piano, gotten some recognition before working my way up to singing in the chorus, then maybe a duet with someone cool, and then maybe braving a solo. Hell, even theatre could’ve been fun if I’d gotten to play a role that forced me to break out. But no, I elected for another free period where I could shut down and nap.
