“Hear me out Steve, please.” Tony’s tone is pleading, almost begging. “I didn’t have the full picture yet. I
It’s 9:33 in the morning. Clint’s got seven missed calls (ergo a lot of angry voicemail) and about twelve messages from Darcy in varying degrees of annoyance. There are two messages from Tony care of Kate. He knows he’s late for work—they both are—but Natasha is in the shower and he’s knotting his tie in the mirror, and he figures they’ll make it to the Hill by 10. The alarm didn’t go off, which is strange. This entire morning already feels off, mainly because last night wasn’t exactly supposed to have happened. Not again.
Hi Dad, hi Pops!
Tony stares at Peter funny. Then, his eyes widen, and he lets out a groan. “Shit, I completely forgot about that.”
“I also apologize if we’ve given you a rough time these past few months,” he tells Steve. “Things changed after you were elected. We…became something else.”
People like Maria Hill, however, do not.
Steve pulls back, his eyebrow raised in disbelief. “What?”
Matt leans in closer. “We’re looking at something with potentially international repercussions.”
She was preparing Thanksgiving dinner with his mother, bright and laughing at the stories Frigga was telling her. He, on the other hand, was rearranging the living and dining rooms with his cousins in such a way that their already spacious common rooms could accommodate their extremely big extended family, which was due to arrive sometime later in the evening. The atmosphere in the house was much, much calmer than earlier that day.
Kate frowns. “You know, when you say things like that, it’s kind of hard to disagree with you.” She looks up at Tony, who is six inches taller than her. “It’s also very hard to say anything contrary whenever you wear that puppy dog look on your face. Make it go away, it’s disgusting.”
They all stare at Tony and his team when they walk the halls of the White House and make their way to the Roosevelt room for this do-or-die meeting. Whenever they do this walk of fame (or shame, depending on which side you’re on) amongst Republicans, they have only one rule: act as if they own the place. They know it gets into the Republicans’ heads. They did this when they had the meeting last June, and they’re doing it again today—Tony strutting, Wade making crude jokes, Pepper raising her eyebrow at everybody and looking like she owns the place, Clint and Thor acting like frat boys, and Janet flirting with Hank Pym. He’s got Clint and Wade as additional back-up this time because, well, he needs cooler heads to prevail later in case things go south for him.
Scott groans. “I never knew how much strategizing and compromise go into picking flowers. Promise me that if you’ll ever get married, you won’t do it like this. Elope like sensible people do.”
“Her mother left her and her father when she was three,” Tony says carefully. “And then her father died two years later. I took her in.”
Hill chuckles and shakes her head. “Stark,” she tells Pepper, in a tone that suggest
to the industry that had raised him and treated him as high-prized commodity from the moment he learned to say
They say their goodbyes and Jessica takes leave of the room, bidding farewell to everyone else who had not left yet after being cornered by Natasha for a couple of minutes, no doubt to talk more about the case.
Should we come in?
“I get it, America, and I’ve been giving you your space. But six months is a long time to leave someone alone without an explanation.”
Steve gestures to the seat beside the desk. “Phil, have a seat. I hope you don’t mind standing, Bruce. I prefer to have this talk behind this desk. It…reminds me of the responsibilities of this office, and I believe I’m going to need that once I start telling you what’s on my mind.”
Natasha gives him a long, hard look. She knows he’s right, but this is not the time to be doubting themselves. “We adapt to survive,” she tells them strongly, as if wanting to believe it herself. “Tony can handle himself.”
“Shut up,” she teases, hitting his arm playfully. “We’ve done this dinner a hundred times. If you’re worried you’re going to give the President food poisoning, you’re not.”
Cassie whips around and smiles brightly. “Surprise!”
Jane is
“The press will be notified of Pierce’s early retirement tomorrow,” Bruce says as he strides in the Oval office.
buttons his suit jack and slips his hand into Jane’s. They started this together and they will end this together, no matter what the outcome. She leads him out of the master bedroom and into the living area to join the staff. Everyone is quiet, waiting on the edge of their seats for the news.
Jane reaches for the remote and turns on the small kitchen TV. True enough, Tony is standing beside President Rogers, proudly publicizing the budget and declaring the shutdown over. Both leaders look triumphant, and it’s clear that both parties can declare this one a win.
“Create a diversion, maybe?” Kate suggests with a shrug. “You could throw a house party.”
Jessica Drew’s press conference had caught everyone in the White House off guard. The DOJ had been deathly quiet about this case—no whisper of it anywhere near the West Wing—and he had called his Attorney General in immediately after the last question was answered. Carol strode in his office about twenty minutes later, proudly defiant. They had hammered down and solved their issues, of course, but not after they had spent almost half an hour in a screaming match.
of money. He’s the new head of Oscorp’s R&D now.”
to show that they’re more than just the President and the Speaker of the House. They may be Steve and Tony to each other now, but Washington is certainly not ready for that just yet. Tony can play his part well, but can Steve? The Jaws theme plays in Tony’s head as he waits for the President to make his grand entrance, even more excited at the events that will unfold. Whatever happens, at least he’s having a lot of fun.
“Pierce’s replacement? Yes. That’s Jeri Hogarth,” Tony replies.
"Oh god, you're even starting to sound like him. This is me metaphorically backing away."
Oh loving brother, where art thou?
She smacks his arm playfully. “God, you’re impossible.”
“Steve Rogers. This is—this is the President, Mr. Stark.”
The two nod concurrence and are dismissed, leaving Steve to his thoughts for a few moments. It’s going to get worse before it gets better, he thinks, but he knows that he can’t invest all his energy into this. There are still so many things to be done, so many problems to solve, and the American people will need a levelheaded president if they want to get through this budget crisis relatively unscathed.
They are extremely close, there is absolutely no doubt about that. Their movements are harmonious, and unlike many of the father-daughter relationships he has come to know over the years, Tony and Cassie’s is probably the closest, and most comfortable one he’s seen. They laugh at each other’s jokes, and share their lives so casually with one another—Cassie not hesitating to tell Tony the difficulties she’s had in Harvard, and Tony not even batting an eye when Cassie asks him about all the trouble in Congress. She clearly knows his team very well, and seems to be very close to them, given by the way she easily mentions their names. They make an effort to include Steve in their conversations too, for which he greatly appreciates.
“After all these years, you’re still surprised? You know how much my constituents love me.” He turns to the crowd inside his house, raises his glass of club soda and yells, “California!”
The realization dawns on him and Pepper watches it play out on his handsome face—from utter confusion to crisp cognizance to reluctant acceptance. He stares at her, eyes wide, and flumps on the edge of the bed, burying his face in his hands with a groan. “Jesus Christ, Pep, how could I have let this happen?”
Still! Thank you for the continued support for this story. I've received a lot of messages about this fic on Tumblr. So see guys, I haven't abandoned it! It's just going really, really slowly.
Only Jane’s and Frigga’s interference had stopped the brothers from escalating their verbal sparring into a full-blown physical altercation. The Odinson matriarch was visibly upset after Loki had stormed out of the house—she had prayed for Loki to join them for Thanksgiving, and was very vocal about her desire to have both her sons in the house so that she could cajole a truce out of them. Thor, despite wanting to reconnect with his brother, was skeptical about this from the beginning, but Jane had warned him against airing out his concerns to Frigga during the holidays. After Loki had caused an uproar in the house and had stormed out, Thor hadn’t had the heart to tell his mother
Yeah, I’m okay, I’m good.
is Natasha’s way of saying
“Of course, I’m technically a Stark. I can handle anything,” Cassie says, the Stark arrogance dripping with every word. “You went to Georgetown, right?”
Thor takes Jane in his arms and releases a sigh of both relief and weariness. “What an adventure.”
“Our Darcy has always loved the underdogs,” Anne continues. “Maybe because she was an underdog herself. She had always been different, growing up. Always had big dreams that no one could understand, so no one except me and Henry believed that she could reach them.”
Thor raises a hand. “Have you unearthed anything about this Alchemax? Or Advanced Idea Mechanics for that matter?”
Natasha finally looks at him, eyes gleaming in the darkness. “You’re a good man, Clint Barton.”
They break the hug. “Say hi to Danny for me, okay?”
America throws her head back and laughs. “Ah, so you’re the righteous ones. You do know you sound kind of pretentious when you say that?”
“Okay then, blow my mind. Shoot.”
“Why the hell not? Party loyalty?” Tony asks mockingly. Steve does not answer. “Come on, Steve. You’re the leader of the goddamn free world. Your loyalty is to the American people, freedom, democracy and, I don’t know, the right to bear arms. Do you mean to tell me that you would rather protect those people who have twisted Republican values and are using said values for their own gain than do what’s best for the country? I thought you said you wanted to start governing?”
Elektra tilts her head and gives both men an interested smile. “What would the daughter of the Greek ambassador to the United States have anything to do with a criminal case on US soil?”
He looks back at the whole campaign; the past year and half that almost took his soul as payment for talking about the issues, the real ones, not just the numbers, because he knows what it feels like to be just a number among other numbers. He knows what it feels like to be data, to be statistics. He didn’t work this hard, to come so far, only to fall into the same trap that politicians before him fell into. He wanted to make sure that the numbers became more than just numbers. He wanted to make sure that the numbers are seen as what they truly are—people.
“There are other hands at play here,” Thor tells them, shaking his head. “Loki may be the mastermind of all this, or most likely he is just merely a pawn. Nonetheless, I feel that this may be much bigger than what we are all anticipating.”
“We can find out,” Phil suggests.
“When they asked you if Republicans were to blame for the shutdown, you didn’t mention a name.”
Sir, Captain, if you could just make yourselves comfortable on the sofa, your questions will be answered in just a moment.
She listens, knowing full well the message that Tony is trying to get across.
Natasha gives him a hard look. “He has to step up, Clint. We’re not in Kansas anymore.”
are to blame for the mess we’re in right now. President Rogers has been more than amenable to setting aside party differences and working together. I can’t say the same for the other members of his party.”
“Good evening, Mr. President,” Tony greets Steve rather sharply. He doesn’t want to be caught smiling and looking comfortable around Steve.
but he only smiles and kisses her forehead. “This is going to be a mess, Pep. We have to be ready for what’s coming,” he tells her, trying desperately to change the subject. Tony has gone from Too Much Tension to My Stunted EQ Can’t Handle This Anymore.
Tony bows his head, not meeting her eyes. “Of course I did. I just thought you wanted to spend it with your mother, is all.”
“—or act in the best interests of this office—“
He knows his way around this apartment, it’s his. Familiar. Safe. He’s good at navigating this place, he’s good at navigating the rigours of his job. He is completely lost at sea when it comes to Natasha Romanoff. So even if this will hurt, he needs to know. He has all the evidence that they could make a fully functional relationship from this, because he knows they could work well together.
Pepper laughs loudly. Hill fell right into her trap. “The Women’s Health Act can wait a little while longer, Hill. Your budget can’t.” She can tell she’s ruffled the Minority Leader’s feathers, so she pauses, gives her time to regroup. “So if you don’t back the hell away from our bill, I swear to that ever-loving god you so fervently pray to that we will do everything in our power to raise hell on your President’s beloved budget, and if this government shuts down, we’ll make sure that the whole country knows that the blame is entirely on your side of the aisle.” Maria is speechless, and the threat swells the tension around the two women.
Rumiko stands her ground and looks him dead in the eye, unfazed by his threats. “Bring it on, Stane. I’ll enjoy watching you fail miserably.”
“That’s a scary thought. You should check yourself before you wreck yourself, Bishop.”
Natasha laughs, knows that she’s been cornered. “Well played, Barton.”
“Push the knife in, Nat,” Clint suddenly says into her ear. “He’s talking about the State Department’s delegation to Wakanda that the Secretary announced during their press conference this morning.”
Steve is positively beaming.
For once since the whole budget war began three months ago, Tony Stark’s face isn’t on the front page of any of the major newspapers. Granted, the front page is still full of articles about the bloodbath his budget proposal is causing in Congress, but at least the Democrats decided to use the pleasanter face of Congresswoman Van Dyne to plaster on page one. Still, the budget mixed with his breakfast is not his ideal way to start the day, no matter which good-looking and amiable politician any party orders to do their dirty work appears on the media outlets. Besides, the aforementioned amiable quality always disappears behind closed doors, when everyone bares their teeth and the game turns ugly.
The calls come in at least once a week after the first.
“No,” she says with a sigh. “But I heard you were summoned, and I had a feeling it was about the President.”
Jessica Drew stands behind the door leading to the Justice department’s press room, her heart beating furiously, almost violently. She reads and re-reads the piece of paper she is holding. By now she has memorized the one-pager by heart, but that doesn’t stop her from scanning the words again and again and again. Anyone can see that she’s nervous—it’s not her first press conference, but it could perhaps be the most important one of her career.
He’s reassuring and cautious, thinks twice about things. They complement each other very well.
“Yes,” Steve whispers. “Thank you, Bruce. For everything.”
Before anyone else can argue, the ushers begin to guide the guests to their tables, signaling the start of the evening’s proceedings. “Look, we’re out of time,” Natasha admonishes them. “You heard the boss. Rumiko gets Stane. In meantime, Pepper takes Hammer, I take Killian, and Tony will approach T’Challa. Thor and Clint, you’re our eyes and ears. Nothing gets past the both of you, you hear me?”
Pepper
“I really, really want to do this,” Steve reassures him, his eyes kind yet fiery. “I just…It’s been a very long time for me, Tony. I’m not sure I still know how.”
“Are we done with Alchemax for tonight, or is there anything else you guys would like to discuss?” Matt asks the group.
“Fury called me up this afternoon and asked—no,
Maria Hill clears her throat. “Mr. President? If you could please clarify?”
“Are you going to tell her about what you found out from your meetings with Foggy and Clint this morning?” she asks testily.
“Of course you couldn’t.” Thor laughs. “You can barely find your socks without me.”
“Assemble.”
“You can’t even drink your own booze, Tony,” Janet points out.
Thor nods curtly. “This is pressing news. I have to speak to Tony and Natasha about this.”
Sam Wilson shakes her hand. “Miss Romanoff, lovely to see you. I trust you know my fellow civil servants from the State Department.”
And listening to his footsteps as he walks to Steve’s sitting room, he finds that there’s nowhere he’d actually be right now.
Tony drags him back in with a filthy kiss. “Stories of my promiscuity have been greatly exaggerated, Steve. Most of the them by me. Now…” Tony thumbs Steve’s kiss-swollen lips. “Tell me what you want.”
The hours fly by, and before Steve knows it, Tony is sliding the turkey into the oven. Cassie is about done putting the kitchenware away, and Steve is wiping the last of the dirty countertops. They all seem to be very proud of the work they’ve done.
The discussion about Hill and the President heats up and then suddenly everyone is speaking in raised voices, with everyone overlapping one another. Kate and Darcy are at the back of the room, glancing at each other with amused looks on their faces. Kate nudges her girlfriend with her elbow, egging her to talk.
When he gets in the car on his way home, he calls Kate immediately. “So?” she asks, clearly hungry for news.
“Got the message, Cass,” Tony says with a laugh. He turns to Steve. “Well, you heard the lady.”
Before Jane can answer, Thor returns to the kitchen, his expression urgent. “Because someone could be stepping down from the Supreme Court.” He looks at the two women seriously, voice dark. “And he’s definitely going to want to sit on that empty chair.”
“I know that too. And I’m sorry, I truly am.”
Natasha smiles, so it must be all over his face that he understands what she means.
“I’m seriously going to give Kate a stern talking to after the holidays,” Tony says humorlessly.
to overstep.”
“I’ll have my press secretary hash out the messaging with yours as soon as possible.”
JARVIS, are we recording?
I have a lot of explaining to do. But first, I apologize profusely for the year-long wait for this chapter. It has been a crazy year for me and I really couldn't take the time to sit and write. I finally found the time to continue writing these last couple of weeks. Needless to say, you'll probably have one chapter every two to three weeks leading up to March of next year. Hopefully I'll be able to finish the story, but I doubt it.
He doesn’t miss his family, not by a long shot, but watching Henry and Anne Lewis these past two days fret about the whole house to give their guests a Thanksgiving dinner deserving of royalty makes him ache for the kind of familial support system he never had growing up.
He whines. “When
of her.” Steve takes a deep breath. “She was the one great force in my life. She made me feel invincible, like I could do anything with her by my side. You see, after everything I went through during my tours, she made me believe that we still have the power to make this country a better one, even with all the crap that’s happening. She gave me hope. She made me believe that all of this is going be worth it in the end. It’s just that now.” His voice is suddenly softer, “I sometimes don’t think it will be, not without Peggy to share it with.”
When she looked up at him from the tablet she reviewed with the mover, Tony’s heart soared. That look, that love, he never would have hoped for years ago when he drank his way through every new starlet, some race car drivers (they aren’t as macho as they pretend to be), and some hockey players as well as the occasional scientist. Tony needed to throw off the burdensome cloak of his past and move forward with her, a breath of fresh air.
That’s Logan, Tony almost forgot he might be on the call too.
Into Steve’s shoulder, Tony whispers, “I’m sorry, too. I hacked SHIELD years ago, I could have found out about Hydra. I didn’t look deep enough and then when the huge data dump happened, I got curious. I found out about Barnes and never said a word.”
“Okay then. That’s new.” Tony edges closer and snatches a side panel of the armor, dragging it to him. It’s not the whole suit; Tony’s not sure why Blu dismantled it – or if he did it at all. But the chest piece, helmet and one arm are intact. “Let me see what I can do with this.”
He just waves her off because he doesn’t know the answer to that one. As he stands at the entrance, Tony listens to the birds singing around him. The air is fresh, and he can hear the sounds of the pond with its mini-waterfall. Everything around him is created and beautiful and all he can think of is whether or not he’s worth it. As a young man he burned through life but he had a safety net. He knew his father would never abandon him or disinherit him. There was no way his father could. Tony had the courage to be free and experience life because he had the money, the status, and the caste to do just that. And now, now he’s questioning everything. Maybe it was his youthful dalliances with the other side that’s causing his doubts and increasing his anxiety.
“I’m not doing it, Obie. I’m not here to be galactic emperor. Do you hear how silly that even sounds? I’m only here to take care of my systems and to support the others. This isn’t an empire.”
“No,” Bucky said as he twisted the door knob. “Let’s talk, Stevie.”
Steve smiles, small and brave in a way. “Yes, it was.” Tony’s not sure if Steve is in the here and now, or back in his time, reliving his glory days. His answer comes almost immediately, “You want to do it again?”
“Where are we going exactly?” Steve steps out of the elevator, trying to exude confidence but feeling like that little boy at the age of five fessing up to breaking a mirror at the department store.
“Well, the universe thinks differently.”
For a drawn out space of time, Steve understands that, in fact, Tony was, is in danger. The peril he seeks to avoid he’s welcome to his bed. The horror of it turns over in his belly and Steve bites at his tongue not to gag. In one fleeting moment, Tony shares a harried look with Steve and then turns back to his intended and pecks him on the cheek.
“I know it,” Tony said. “I understand it. Mentally, I get it. But emotionally-.” He swallowed down his pain but knew that Steve could read it through the bond. “I just keep thinking about my mom. How he killed her. How did he do it? Did she know, did she look into the eyes of her killer? It looked like an accident – but when you go through the autopsy reports.” He stopped because he never confessed to reading them, to going through the encrypted data dump from SHIELD. It took no time at all to find it. “God, I know she did. He strangled her.”
“But someone has to, Tony. You’ve made this big charade for years. Who do you think follows after you and cleans up when things get messy? How many times has Christine gotten close? So many you would be surprised.” She’s crying now and he hates it. He’s put that rock, that world on her shoulders, forced her to carry it up the hill over and over again. “You need to be kept safe and Steve didn’t-.”
“You can still come with us,” Steve mentioned. “But I’d be honored if you decided to join.”
Steve does not let them stop to find out. At first he directs them to his motorcycle, but Tony stops him and forces him toward the Audi. He scrambles toward it, but as Tony jiggles the keys trying to get the locks open with the fob, Steve whips around as if he might go back into the factory.
“Water in the trough is cold still. I had to break the ice on it this morning.”
First, he froze in Tony’s hands, paralyzed and then as the anti-toxic took effect, he trembled. HE shook as if he attempted to dislodge him but then Tony realized it wasn’t that at all. The mating reaction – the human’s urgent and wrecking orgasm strummed through him. At that point the vampire could chose to destroy the mating reaction by either drinking the human dry or stop drinking entirely, and biting while forcing the paralytic toxic back into his fangs.  It ceased the mating and cut away the human’s ability to move or follow. Many humans, after an aborted glamour mating, ended up numb, nearly catatonic automatons. Tony lifted his head, to reverse course, to entice the paralytic into his fangs, but the man’s hand stayed his motion. He pushed Tony back onto his neck and whispered the word, please.
He dreams of possibilities.
The constriction around his throat gags and he croaks out – no words just sounds.
“You’re not really going to – you know – knot him now?” Pep asks. As a beta she’s always been a curious one. Of course most betas wonder what goes on between an alpha and an omega. That’s clear; otherwise the Viz-nets wouldn’t be so overloaded with their reality experiences for betas. He’s not surprised by her question.
Steven blinks rapidly as if to clear away the sorrow. “It isn’t you, my lord. Just memories of a different time.”
Bruce raises a hand. “You don’t know that. We have to let the doctors-.”
Steve relaxed, letting his arms and fists drop to his sides as Natasha entered the gym. The work day was over, so she was dressed casually. High brown leather boots over black jeans with a t-shirt to match. A light beige jacket over it wouldn’t keep the cold out, but it was spring and DC was warming nicely with the cherry blossoms nearly at their peak.
“Yes, Captain, now you are seeing that you are here to stay,” Ross said as the door opened again to the cell. “Agent Rumlow. I’m so pleased you came back. We need to start now. The wound looked like it was healing a bit so I opened it up again. Bring your men and women in and ensure that he’s weakened. I need him drained but not dead. Do you understand?”
With her words his anger burns out and left in its place remains the embers of hope. He sees it clearly now. They’ve given him hope, they’ve saved him. They worked to save him for years. Steve bows his head and taps his temple as he paces the small garden. “You saved me, all of you.” He looks at them. “I have no right to anger. You searched for me for years and trailed me, hunted me until you could capture me and save me. All I can do is thank you.”
It didn’t escape Tony that a number of his team mates (particularly Natasha and Sam frowned at Strange’s pronouncement).
“I just think it would be healthy for you to get out of here, breathe fresh, planet side air instead of this recycled crap, get a little sun on your face because seriously pal you look a little vampirish.”
“Except for your recent infestation.” Sam says as he sidles onto and balances on the window’s ledge. “Everyone knows about the Red Skull gang. Lots of people down south are saying that Pierce and Schmidt are a pair to be reckoned with. They want the whole territory, my people in Falcon are worried.”
“You didn’t have to do this, Tony.” Steve said with his hands shaking as he opened the box.
Again, Sam eyed him as if he studied a complex problem, and it was in many ways. He tilted his head and frowned. “I suppose it would be hard. I mean, I’ve tried to live my life with integrity and pride. Being from the opposite side of the fence.” He put his hand up to stop Steve from interrupting. “Being Black in America isn’t easy. You’re always fighting for respect and the hard truth is even now Black people are not equal. Every thing we encounter in the US is simply made against us. Now, I’m not saying anything of what I’ve experienced throughout the years is similar to Bucky, but he’s going to have a lot of people look at him and think one thing – he’s a killer.” Sam shrugged. “I walk down the street, white women avoid me, hold their purses closer to their bodies. It’s the way of our world. Bucky – well, he’s going to come into this pack with a burden on his back. You, me, all of us are going to have to be there for him.”
She joins him at the bench and places her hands over his fisted ones. “I’ve found this strange since the moment you picked him. He was supposed to be terminated and now he’s your Master of Security.”
Bucky has to finish this off, he’s doesn’t have time to squander. The dampness of the area tells him that he’s getting further underground, which is a good thing. According to the schematic he briefly reviewed in the Tower, the prison block is somewhere in the southwest corner of the basement. He heads in that direction. No resistance. Which could be a good thing or a bad thing – he’s not certain.  Following the stench of moisture, mildew, and mold, he doesn’t falter as he starts to pick up the faintest stench of human excrement. This has to be the prison block – and however the prisoners have been kept it is little better than animals. He curses as he thinks of Steve locked into a cell living under such conditions for over a year.
Steve frowns. He’s not about to start stealing his co-workers’ clients. “Listen, buddy, I didn’t come here to steal Jess’ client. So, you can forget that and this. To hell with it.” He turns away ready to stalk out the door, but Clint catches him and forces him to stop.
“All the people that come in on the train?”
The wind along the causeway prickles his bare skin and he wishes he’d worn something heavier than the jacket. He grimaces as he follows Pep into the building. He hates this building. It feels more like a rat maze then a housing structure. In many ways it is akin to a rat maze – this is where they keep all feral or damaged omegas.
“What are we supposed to do with it?” Tony says and crosses his arms.
“You’re a heathen,” Tony says and leans back on the cushion. “Maybe this will help the headache.”
“Yes, sir. I will monitor all of his vital signs.”
Stark winks at him again. “Oh, but you did, didn’t you? You thought you would be the one conducting the interrogation.”
“No.” Tony had a book about a dog named Stanley who threw parties for all the dogs in the neighborhood, but the cover never told why. It was because his owners neglected him. Tony hated that book. “So, people judged Blu because he was a lion, and no one trusted him.”
“Yeah, I did,” Clint said. “Nat would have killed me if I didn’t. She’s taken a special interest in Tony for some reason. She looks out for him.”
“Well,” Steve says and clears his throat. “I don’t know. Kind of like the desk job now. Less danger.”
“Worm?” Tony stops and sighs. “Yes, worm. Yes, it did what it’s supposed to do. You know I don’t leave anything to chance.”
“Hmm, I – are you sure? I mean I could serve you?” The prince smiles and it lures Steve closer like a mouse walking right into the mouth of a waiting cat.
“Might be a start,” Tony says and his disappointment is clear. “But I want to tell you, I would do it. If it meant I would be condemned and you could be free, I would be with you.”
“Yes, sir.” Steve held his ground; he’d never been ashamed of his status even when bullies beat him for it and Bucky intervened to stop it.
“That’s beautiful, Tony.”
Steve should have just allowed Bruce to believe he would do exactly that – roam the country and get back to his roots. But the truth was that he had no roots, not in this new century. He felt at loose ends and the only thing that felt right was serving. When Natasha mentioned it, Steve jumped at the chance. He could have gone back to the military, to the Army, but that would really mean starting over again. He knew no one in the Army. At least at SHIELD, he started with a few of the basics. Natasha, Fury, Clint.
“Damn it, Nick,” Steve says and glares at Fury. “You know how we left things.”
“They broke free. As you have. I helped. I sought champions to fight the Soul Keeper.”
Tony goes to the galley kitchen, pulls out a few crackers and cheese, plus a bottle of water. He’s not a chef or even a cook, he’s not making that mistake. He finds some grapes and places them on the platter as well. Bringing them to Steve, he offers the platter to him.
“Three, two,” Clint yells out. “May the Force be with you. One.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Steve said. He suppressed his own disappointment. The last thing he wanted was for Tony to think he longed to escape. He stroked at hand down Tony’s back, slowly and rhythmically. “Just sleep. I’m right here.”
“Tony, don’t listen to him.”
As Tony assesses the scene, he catches the slight hitch of breath from Steven as he fights against the pain from the position and shivers in his bindings. Tony doesn’t have a lot of choices here. Steven thinks he should be punished, or he wants Tony to punish him, or he thinks Tony would punish him because that’s what’s expected. Tony only wants to curse at him.
“Peggy. He loved Peggy,” Bucky said.
“Living like you are now you’re asking for a stroke or worse,” Strange says. “We don’t even have to do brain surgery. We could deliver it through the spinal cord if we still have the implant as a homing device. After we can remove the implant and you’ll be free of the headaches.”
“I’m not sure calling him on his language is going to stop him,” Tony says as he tastes the beer. It’s actually a dark ale, heady and deep.
“But a spy organization is?”
“And that is why you will end up in the brig or out an airlock.”
“Is the conference longer than a week?” Just go straight for it.
Tony bites his lip and starts, “Steve.”
When he lands several of the men converge on him, gesturing and pointing. He’s not sure what they are saying but JARVIS translates for him.
But somethings…somethings stay the same.
“Hey, I’m not your seeing eye dog, you know,” Steve responds but he takes his place next to Tony’s left shoulder.
Once they turn down the landing and go down the next few steps, they enter the main office of the local town jail. It’s cramped and small. He notes the jail is empty when he peers into the rooms in the back of the building. Thor must have convinced Clint not to arrest him last night. The Odinson brothers are renown for their rowdy and loud parties, especially now since Thor is sweet on the local teacher, Jane Foster.
“I’ll take them out.” He hurries back downstairs and finds the oven mitts to pull out the potatoes. He puts them on the back of the stove where he feels heat coming out. When he goes back to join Steve, he reports, “Potatoes are on the stove, near the back to keep them warm. But I think the chicken will be done soon too.”
Steve stares at the collar. His heart thrums a beat in his chest that rocks him. It thickens his breathing and tightens his throat. He shouldn’t. He has no right, not after what happened between them. Tony hated him – hates him. He might say that he loves Steve right now, but it’s only because of Steve came close to death. Scares like that cause people to declare all kinds of foolish things. When they get back to the compound and things settle down, the past will bubble up in all it’s festering glory.
“It just appeared,” Bruce muttered.
"Thanks."
He clasps her hand and holds it. “I can’t ask you to do this for me.”
Tony left the warmth of the fire and went to what amounted to the kitchen area of the cabin. It had a place to prepare food, a cupboard, and a basket with a cover. Tony rummaged around and, when he opened up the cupboard, said, “Ah! I knew it!”
Tony paled but his hands stayed on Steve as if to lose contact might mean he would sail away in the wind. “Shaken. That was fucking weird. How did you do that?” His tone was light, but his expression was anything but – the levity drawn out by the monumental moments.
Steve grasps his hand. “Apology accepted.”
Was he well again? His brain took forever to get up to speed. His bones jelled, and he blinked away the bleariness. Steve looked amongst them and his mind sluggishly tried to encapsulate everything he’d just heard. All he could respond was – “I thought – I thought - the Dora Milaje.” He paused to compose himself, to get the words out. “I thought they were a fighting force, guards to protect the King of Wakanda?”
Before Tiberius responds, Tony interrupts, walking over to them and smiling. “Please don’t tell me you’re trading stories over here?”
Steve smiles at Tony and offers a hand. He’s propped the bottle up against his chest to hold it for Sarah. Tony enters the room and clasps Steve’s hand. “What’s the moral of the story, Tony?”
Tony said, “He’s not a genius. Not like I am, you know.”
“Hey you snot. What the fuck? I heard you left Brooklyn for Prime? How the hell did you manage that? You better not be getting yourself into trouble. Did you get Pierce to sponsor you as an artist on the station? That would be a sweet gig!”
Tony grasps Steve’s hands. “Would you, would you say no to him?” His eyes plead silently.
Steve went to bed that night, achingly  empty, wishing for something insubstantial, wishing for Tony to be with him. The next morning as he woke from a dead and dreamless sleep his phone chirped with a message at the same time he realized the pain in his heart echoed through the lines of the bonds – through the soul pack. Something was missing. Someone was missing. Someone was gone.
When he recalls those memories now, Tony thinks it’s funny. As he sits on the edge of the cot, ready to stumble awake from another restless night in cave in the middle of nowhere. Sitting not 4 meters away from him is a large lion with the same blue eyes. It looks mournful and isolated like it hasn’t been with its kind in years. It reminds him of his Blu. When he finally dug that old stuffed animal out of the corner, it had been covered with dust and its fur faded from too many hours with a shaft of sunlight hitting it from the window.
Tony swings around and sees the fire cracking in the large hearth. This should all be romantic, but all it is – is painful. “Shouldn’t we try and get out? I mean what if there’s an emergency. We’re Avengers after all.”
“Sure, there is. Listen to the waves.” Tony giggles. “I can see you doubt me. Come on. Get up and dance.”
“What?” Bruce squeezed up his face and sat away from Steve. “You need to do some studying on the subject-.”
“It’s Tony, huh?”
“They win.” Steve cut in. “I know. But it’s okay once in a while to take a moment to breathe, or in your case to just be.”
“No,” Fury said. “We want you to bring him back. We know where he is. We need you to bring him back and help us save him, because we need him. The world needs Captain America again.”
As the docking clamps lock into place the whole shuttle shudders and the metal yawns in protest. Steve jerks around afraid the ship might be about to tear itself apart.
No one believes Tony. He comes back to the fanfare expected after disappearing for three months and being rescued in the middle of a desert. He doesn’t explain the details of his escape; they wouldn’t believe him anyhow. He does try and figure out who Steve’s family might be. According to Steve he had been a descendent of the famous Captain Rogers, from back in the day.
“How the hell?” Steve gulps for air and looks down at his gut. His wound is open again, freely bleeding. The rules have changed.
“Hey, where’d you get that?” Tony said as he peered at the title.
“You will stay put,” Strange says and that lanky hand is stronger than Tony would have guessed. He forces Tony to stop struggling. “We need to run tests. Ms. Potts is correct; we cannot truly assess your current status without some imaging tests.”
“Natasha told me.” He wanted to say so much more but the thing inside him, the cancer, the turmoil – whatever it was – devour every last fiber of strength and endurance he had. An urge to sleep, to hibernate away from everything came over him. It hurt to deny it.
“Get Steve into the right clothes. And I need rings.”
“I missed this,” Tony murmured as they broke apart.
He changed.
Everyone.
Strange nods and then says, “Have all the time you need, Tony. It’s a good chance.”
“No, don’t.” He collapses back against the wall, his shoulders shivering in the cool late afternoon air. Steve adjusts the blanket, and wishes he had something else to offer.
Steve reached for it, but then stopped. “Are you sure? What about your cousin?”
She grimaces instead of frowns. “Well, I’ve seen others like yourself before, that doesn’t mean child I’ve seen a lot. Less than a dozen but more than a handful. Most weren’t so egregiously hurt. But you got fight in you, how you survived them plucking out the main flight feathers, and crushing the bones, I don’t know.”
Tony slides his hand behind Steve’s head and plays with the hair at the nape of his neck. “Don’t be afraid. There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
“Change and then meet you in the kitchen for hot chocolate?”
Steve kisses him lightly on the cheek, then gently pulls out. His comes slides down Tony’s leg. Tony always likes to be a little messy. Steve turns him around so they can see one another. They kiss a tender touch of the lips and then Steve pulls back and asks, “Just what the hell is opsimath and is that something I should know for my stats final?”
“Understood,” Tony says and he doesn’t. He hasn’t met Bucky and he keeps it wrapped tight inside of him the stories he heard about Captain America, his childhood friend Bucky, and the Howling Commandoes. He does because he has to – how else would it be even possible to have dead soldiers from World War II walking around in modern day New York City?
Those last words, so perfect, so heartfelt, sent Tony soaring. He wanted to scream out and dance and announce it to the world, but he suppressed his very normal reaction and clenched his hands onto Steve’s shoulders. “You could never disappointment me. Never.”
“It was back in the 40s.”
“Tony?”
“They are not dimensions-.”
“Sure, go ahead. Oh, and would you like anything?”
Steve frowned and a worried look that bordered on loss cross his face. “Don’t know what I would do with myself.  You know, Sam once asked me if I wanted to get out of SHIELD, what would I do.” Steve shook his shoulders in a partial shrug. “I didn’t know then. I sure as hell don’t know now. Feel like I’m just embarking on something real though.” He reached out his hand and captured Tony’s wrist. He grazed a touch over Tony’s soul mark. “What is it?”
“Yes, because I pay you to be here for me.”
Tony screwed up his face. “What does that even mean?”
“No. Nothing. Just a little reddening and bruising. It’s tender but not bad. Thankfully, I was fully clothed at the time.” Steve refuses to think about what could have happened if Rumlow had managed to get his clothes off. He opens his robe just a touch to show her the bruise on his belly. “It shouldn’t be a problem.”
“Really. The Department of Defense doesn’t even allow them.” Tony doesn’t look at the transcripts. He leans in his chair and the wide back creaks. “Tell me about these classes you took.”
“My first order of business should be my appearance I assume since you mentioned clothes?” He stands. He needs to start getting ready if he only has a day to prepare.
With a tilt of his head, Tony smiles and offers his hand. He snaps his fingers, and the projected ocean scene fades away to be replaced by a stream of stars, the arms of the milky way. “JARVIS something soothing and easy.”
But he needs to play the game in order to progress, especially if the end of the maze means the Passage to the next level. With nothing to collect since Tony had his backpack and he’s fairly certain he cannot conjure a new one, Steve sets about trying to solve the maze. The first thing is to scale the wall and just walk the top of the maze to get where he needs to go. Sure, it’s cheating, but controlling Ultron means outsmarting him.
Going to Blood Dens, Tony took the sights of the preternatural world around him and drank his full. His path through the dens led the V-Corps onto his trail. He had to spend most of his time on the run. Pepper shuffled money around so he had access to his fortune, but it didn’t matter one bit when he met Steve in a Blood Den.
Steve brings his attention back to the meal. He should be grateful, but the trepidation fills him and his stomach clenches instead. “I’m not sure I’m hungry.” Which is patently ridiculous since his stomach has been singing an opera of just how empty it is.
“Steve, where the hell are you going?” Tony races after him.
“Nothing. But I only had a few minutes to look.”
“I’ve been bus-.”
Soul bonds are rare.
“Good morning,” he says.
“Do you think I could -.” He inhales and then exhales – speaking quickly before he losing his nerve. “Do you think I could touch your face? I want to know-.”
“There’s no mooning. I just got out of a long term relationship and I’m still healing from that,” Tony bites back.
Tony shuffles away trying not to startle the huge beast. He hides in the one corner, the chain around his own ankle hobbling him from getting any further away from Blu. When Tony looks back at the monster, the lion stomps his foot down and glares at him. He smacks his lips several times and then grumbles low in his throat. If Tony didn’t know better, he thinks the lion shows exasperation with Tony.
“Resting,” Tony says and already hates the man. Irrationally he blames Logan for this, for what’s happened to Steve. He forces himself to be polite. He listens to Pepper in his head – show some manners Tony. “He hasn’t woken up since he had the seizure. The doctors say he’s just sleeping now.”
But for some strange reason, right now, he doesn’t. He smiles and agrees to allow Rhodey to look into it for him. At that point, Stane bursts into the room and all hell breaks loose. Tony doesn’t have time to think of the man who gave his life to help Tony save his own, instead he’s in a battle, a war with Stane, trying to convince the man that changing the direction of his business,
might be the right track. Steve knew nothing about meditation, but the documents referred to other altering and calming activities as well. It included more physical activities. Running, jogging, swimming. All of these he could do. He would need to get this under control sooner rather than later because SHIELD would not allow him on missions if he was a liability. Plus he needed to ensure that SHIELD would not intrude on Bruce’s life. That was not going to happen.
“With the scepter in play, we have to assume so,” Fury confirmed. “Plus remember, their country’s been preyed upon not only by Hydra but by a corrupt and dictatorial government. They went to von Strucker as -.”
“But what’s inside?” Clint’s hair is shaved on the sides of his head. “Did Tony invent a new suit that he can shove in a standard backpack?”
Tony helps him and soon he’s completely disrobed, his sun blushed body beneath Steve. He asks, “What consequences?”
“Yeah.” He looks up momentarily at Steve and finds a mix of emotions etched over his features. He can’t parse the meaning. “Ultron was the final straw. We were headed that way for a while. Even after I got the arc reactor out of my chest, I think we both knew we were just playing, pretending. Then I put together the Iron Legion, kept building suits. I’d promised and broke that promise. What’s a relationship without trust?”
“No, no one’s going to die today,” Steve said, and, with that, he closed off the conversation as well as his soul. Tony practically felt the bricks and mortar being slapped together around Steve as he fortified his inner core with the Soul Mantra.  Tony almost called him on it, almost but then Sam walked over to him and gestured to Tony with a slight lift of his chin.
The omega slams a fist against the translucent divide and then snarls, “I devoted my life to him. I bonded to him. I never left his side. I protected his children. I followed his orders-.”
“I talked with Helen Cho. I think I can modify the cradle to allow an interface. We should be able to do it. Small neural implant should work. We can do it with one, possibly, two participants. Plant a virus, a worm and destroy him from within.” Tony tapped the counter when they all stayed stone faced. “Come on, you know this is the way to do it. We can’t chance Ultron going dormant again. There’s no way to scrub every corner of the internet and intranets all over the world to erase the program.”
“Yes, Steve.” Her voice gentles from the sharp tone she had been using.
“I made up the master suite, sir. East.”
“Clint!” Natasha said and justifiably quieted him. She studied them and then the rest of the room. They were all waiting for her verdict. Inwardly, Tony shuddered – from anticipation he told himself, not from fear of reprisal on her part.
Hunter crosses his arms and clasps his hands. “I don’t like the way you talk.” He nods.
“You don’t look good,” Steve says. “Plus I think you’re talking a little loopy. Your fever only broke an hour ago.” He presses on Tony’s shoulder as if to maneuver him back to a resting position.
For some inexplicable reason, Tony needs to know. He needs to understand how Steven sees him so that he can confirm, deny, or rectify it. “So, what do you see? What do you know about us?”
He exits the train and searches the station, finding the tunnel that leads to the blocks. With a deep breath to clear his mind, Steve heads in that direction. He can’t lie. His gland continues to ache and he’s ready for the knot. It’s embarrassing, but he really needs to get there and get this over with – he hopes that his presentation will only be two to three days, not the normal five or six he always ended up with when he was with Tony.
“Yes,” he said. Maybe a bit too harshly. After all Natasha had been the closest person he had to family for the past two years. His stomach sank – all that time Bucky had been alive, working as a Hydra agent. How? Why?
“Stroke them.”
Steve glances up at the schematic of the armor; the reds and blues swirl together. He clears his throat and points to the line of the armor. “It’s the form and function. The beauty of the line of the concept. It’s artistic in its fluidity and structure.”
Steve inhales and then says, “The best.”
“Nothing. Just-.” He can’t lie to her. He never could. “Just wondering if Ross is going to demand something more.”
“This will help you heal.”
“And who might you be, Mister Magician?” Tony cut in. He looked like he didn’t have time for this crap and Steve could sympathized. But where Tony was clearly frustrated, Steve only felt another wave of overwhelming loneliness for his own time.
“You’re the boss,” Steve says and stands alongside Tony as he tosses the towel to the counter.
There’s always Strange’s proposal. It’s intriguing and he’s doing his homework on the whole science of virotherapy. Right now, it’s a far-off distant probability that Tony refuses to factor into his life. It means giving up on the implant, it means taking a chance that he will lose what sight he has forever. How can he see the future without his sight? A shiver runs down his spine. Tony doesn’t like uncertainties. He hates not being able to formulate the future. All future is possibilities. All possibilities can be calculated. Calculation is his language. Figuring it out, child’s play.
“Steve?” Natasha said. “Fuck! Steve!” A scuffle of motion from Clint and Thor but Steve couldn’t follow it. It was too much, too fast, too distant.
“Only so much as was required for the eating contest with Master Parker,” Jarvis says, the disdain in his voice isn’t quite as convincing as he obviously wants it to be.
Tony went to make the coffee in one of those single cup makers. Steve thought they were extremely wasteful. Tony popped in a cup and started it.  He turned and folded his arms as he leaned against the counter.
Tony drops his napkin on the table and sits back. “Yeah, yeah I do. I also know that Obie has a point. We’re never going to win this war without a united front.”
“You know I was worried. Worried that you were some spy from the Kree. Then I saw you hanging out with King Odin and I knew. I just knew that you were not from the Kree but from Asgard. I thought for sure you’re their spy, thwarting Tony’s chance to consolidate the entire Conclave under his leadership because Asgard wants the Conclave for itself.”
Tony doesn’t need the portfolio. He already knows everything about the man in front of him. College graduate – small upstate art college. Recruited to the army at the rank of Captain. Four tours abroad, two in a war zone. His fiancé died in that same war zone. Hadn’t dated since. His best friend permanently injured in the war zone. Said best friend moved on and married Adonis’ other best friend last year. They moved to Washington D.C. to run a Veteran’s Advocacy and Rehabilitation Center. Adonis lives on the third story of a walk up in Brooklyn. He doesn’t have many friends, hangs out at the local gym. Used to have a job at a major comic book company before it went out of business. Currently he’s working as a freelance comic book artist and he’s barely scraping by. The last is one of the reasons Pepper flagged his file.
“Maybe not, but maybe you can give a little more information to Stark about who Bucky is,” Sam said. “Sure we all know the war stories and that you were best friends and all, but there has to be a reason he’s been chosen as Brother. I suggest you share that.”
Steve clenched his jaw as he snapped the shield up into his hand by a quick kick. He cracked the shackle off and hissed, “It kind of feels personal.”  With that he turned around to open the door only to see a mass of agents in full military garb racing toward him. Spinning, he sliced through the cable wires of the elevator with the shield’s sharp edge, and it went into freefall. The brakes slammed the car to a stop, screaming against the friction. He went to the doors to pry them open since the car stopped between floors. Even as he did he spotted more troopers coming to attack. He pressed the doors closed again. The commander of the company outside the door warned him to come out, that he had nowhere to go.
“Yeah,” Tony said. He recalled those nights with Bruce. While the man could be a little bit standoffish due to his past, he had a brilliant mind and, as scientists, they worked well together. They tweaked some of the perimeter security as well as JARVIS’ functionality in order to tighten up the borders. “Good times.”
Blu puts the armor plate down and then tenderly lies down next to Tony, manipulating him without success.
“Thanks, that would be good, that would be great,” Tony says, but there’s a shiver that runs up his spine and he cannot figure it out. He knows Rhodey; they’ve been best pals since college days. Other than Pepper, Tony trusts him. Sure, there’s Happy, he trusts Happy, but not like this, not like Pepper. He trusts Rhodey.
happening. Do I make myself clear?”
Maybe it’s all just a dream.
Some part of Tony wants to question – how did this happen to Steven? How did he give up? When did it happen? He has no basis for these questions, but they are bright and burning in his mind.
Tony turned around and glared at him. “I don’t know, you tell me. This whole thing is getting weird. I mean, this afternoon I’m sitting in church and I got my fingers in everyone’s astral projections or souls. And now, I’m – fuck – where am I?”
Tony agreed, because what else could he do? The urge to rush into Steve’s triage bay and throttle him – asking him what the hell was going on – surged but Tony quelled it. He needed to think outside his own needs. He saw Steve’s condition; he cradled Steve in his arms. What he experienced between that moment and this felt like a lifetime. His emotions splayed out and fragmented. He didn’t even have time to grapple with what had happened.
He closed his eyes and the miracle of surrender overcame him.
“Steve, can you hear me?”
“What do you need, my prince?”
He rolled Tony onto his back and pulled away from him. Tony’s lips were rose red with a glistening of their saliva on the lower one. His pupils were large and dark. His mouth parted slightly and a flick of the tongue sent Steve reeling. He wanted so much of this to be real yet at the same time feared that it would be real. If it was real, those impediments in his head would stop him, give him pause. He wanted none of that. He only wanted to taste Tony.  He kissed and licked and let the memories of all the dreams coalesce to teach him Tony’s desires. Steve lingered over Tony’s nipples, teasing and nipping. When Tony shuddered beneath him, Steve rejoiced in the feel of his body responding.  He drifted lower and tugged the waist band of Tony’s pants down to reveal his straining erection. His mouth watered at the hardness, the slight curve toward Tony’s belly.
“Hey, Sheriff, you okay?”
“What’s that?” Steve says as he dries a plate.
“Not much, actually. It’s a crutch. I like to think I still have access to Friday.” Tony tucks it back in his pocket. He’s wearing a dark t-shirt, jeans, boots, and a flannel shirt. That last piece dumbfounds him. The number of times Tony’s accused Steve of being an old man in his flannels could fill a piggy bank with coins.
It takes all of 15 minutes for Steve to roll into another gravel parking lot for the motel. He hears the fizzle and pop of fluorescent lights that are on the brink of death.
“Let me show you the truth, Captain, let me show you, you’re not damned,” Tony says and kisses him with a light, drag of a dry kiss. It titillates more than submerges him into the moment. And then Tony pauses, hanging over Steve waiting.
“Secretary Pierce insisted on providing the prince with security forces of his own to ensure his well-being. The Strike Team is only allowed in the lower sections. Have you seen them elsewhere?”
“You don’t have a television.” Tony lounges on the bed, spent and naked, but curiously happy. He feels like he’s in a domestic scene and that makes no sense at all.
“See you then. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
Tony drops into the chair and holds his beer, lax in his hand. “So, you found some purpose in life then?”
Tension constricts Steve’s muscles; Tony feels it under his palms as if he is forcing himself to stay put and not jump away from Tony’s grasp. “I know. But knowing you as there is slightly different than knowing you here. Just like-.” He inhales, holds it, and then exhales. “Knowing me as a crow would be different.”
“For Christ’s sakes, Bruce, get out here and explain it to me.” Tony had no patience for his woe-is-me shit.
A diner somewhere no one would think to find Tony Stark – a blind Tony Stark. Something, some shadow of the future shivers down his spine. He did this to himself; he needs to acknowledge who he is. It’s been a decade since the accident and for all those years he’s been denying everything. He failed to mourn. He cried for the death of his mother and even for his father. He grieved over the loss of his parents and his loneliness as an orphan at the tender age of seventeen. He never mourned for himself.  Tony’s no stranger to self-pity but he engineered his way out of dealing with his blindness. His brilliance defeated him in many ways because he never explored what life could be like or offer as a visually impaired individual. He always thought of
He feels something cool against his cheek. “Steve?”  It takes all of his effort but he manages to open his eyes. Kneeling next to him isn’t T’Challa, or Natasha, or even Scott – it’s Sam and worry etches his face. “Steve, damn, what did you do?”
“Hey, hey, you need some water? Are you going to be okay?”
“Oh,” Steve said and looked down at himself. He smiled. “Yeah, yeah!” He sat up and started to unzip.
Tony has no comprehensible words to respond, but Steve tells him to hold on tight and cuts out a hunk of flesh and muscle. Tony’s cries end in a long drawn out whimper. Sopping up the blood, Steve compresses it to stop any bleeders. After it stops, he cleans up the hole one more time before he lowers the device into Tony.
As explanations went that one left a lot to be desired. “Okay.”
What he feels now. He gazes at Tony. What he feels now is indescribable. But it’s over before it began. He looks back at the raging storm outside the Quin Jet. He focuses on the problem in front of him. He needs to stop letting himself dwell on what could have been. He made his bed with lies and omissions, now he has to lie in the thorns of untruths. Shifting his thoughts back to the problem at hand is the only way to force the stoicism back to the front of his brain.
“Yes, I did. Erskine made the serum, I made the catalyst to get the serum to work,” Howard said and pulled some of the schematics back onto the table. “It was a fairly simplistic design considering it was the 40s.”
Blu lets out a puff of air.
Tony chuckles. “Natasha and I go way back. She knows I like someone with a mind of his own.”
“I can heard you,” Steve said but didn’t turn around. “Did you bring the whole group this time, Tony?”
Rhodey appears from around the corner and halts when he sees him. “I know that look. You’re on the warpath. What’s going on?”
CHAPTER 3
“Why do you think you have to do it alone?” Bucky stepped up to Steve. “You always think you have to do it alone.”
“No, I’m just a realist in some situations,” Tony says and indicates a narrowing of the banks up stream in the river. “There? To cross?”
“Great,” Clint grunted. “That will go over well.” He huffed. With a heave of his breath, he said, “I’ll go back.” He touched Natasha’s shoulder. “Keep me up to date, okay?”
“Got what may I inquire?” Vision asks, but there’s no time to answer him. Wanda’s manipulation must falter because he blinks out. A beat of light and then nothing at all.
“Calm, calm,” Steve commands. “I’m adding some more lube and another finger.” He adds the warmed lube and slips back inside. It curls something tight in the pit of his groin and this time Steve can’t stop the little cry of need that escapes him.
“To what end, this lion he hasn’t found his home. He keeps searching. There’s no moral to the story, no end. It doesn’t end happily ever after.”
It feels so rote, so practiced, that Tony hates it. But he allows Steve to lead him into the apartment, allows him to loosen his tie and begin to nuzzle against neck. Relaxing a degree, he inhales and catches the smell of musk and sex. It twists in his stomach like a burning barb.
“I gotta get her out of here,” Clint warns.
In seconds, the golden energy spread and opened into– Steve didn’t understand it. He heard Tony say something along the lines of
Bruce drags a knotted clump of wires closer and puts on his glasses. “I didn’t say you didn’t. This is your line of reasoning.”
Steve hands the tin cup to Sam and his friend winks at him. “I see your living the high life.”
“That, that is not true.” He always wanted her, but he’s always been too stupid to want what was good for him, to keep what was good for him. “I want you. We’re getting married.”
Weakness and sickness like a plague in its chest.
Tony came in a great wave over Steven’s face, into his hair. He milked his cock until it hurt but he wanted to have more of Steven, so much more. As he came down from the high, he grabbed Steven’s jaw and kissed him, tasting his own come on his lips. As he parted, he had said, “I want you on the cross tonight. I want to fuck you. I want you to feel me. I want to fist you. Tell me I can do what I please to you.”
Tony peers at him, eyebrow quirked. “Really? I have it wrong. This is the situation or what they call the sitrep I think in your terms – I have been kidnapped by terrorists called Ten Rings – why they are called that I do not know. Whether it has to do with jewelry, a strange interpretation of the Olympic Rings, Saturn’s Rings, or cults, I don’t know. But they kidnapped me and killed the people riding with me. I am stuck here until I build them one of the most lethal bombs to be invented. And guess what? I can build it because I invented it.”
“Shush,” Tony says, not understanding that Steve wants to escape, wants to find out if Bucky’s safe. He doesn’t want to see them fighting again. He doesn’t want to feel the conflict in his head, boiling through his arteries.
Tiberius glowers at Steve. “Commander, Tony convinced me that it had to be you as a bodyguard, and that it had to be the Howling Commando to transport us, don’t disappoint me.”
He shrugs his shoulders. “It’s easy enough to fix. Just give me a few days and find Steve, because I’m going to need him. I’ll revert back to the previous version for the programming. It should work well enough for the gala, then after that we can get right down to it.”
He sees it again, something special and different about Steve. The aura is back if he looks at Steve from an angle, like when his head is bowed. He can see it, the faint glow of some distant other place, other being. He cannot place what it means, but he knows it's imperative that he explain to Steve. "So, you have to know, you have to remember that the Shield legion, is that your troop? They fell. Someone took them down. I don't know who."
“Me too, so let’s see how we do – just the two of us.”
Steve wants to believe him.
“Well, someone is. With the multiple assassination attempts and now the attempt on you.” Happy sniffs as if he’s trying to clean away a repulsive odor.
“Where’s my lion?” She frantically looks around but Tony scoops it up from the floor and wiggles it at her. She giggles and grabs for it. They tussle for it until they hear from the doorway an obvious clearing of the throat to hurry them along.
Steve jerks to the side and there’s the stranger again, but he’s standing (how did he jump over there) and he’s washing his hands with a rag and the bowl of water set near the pitcher on the table.
Steve stopped eating entirely and put the basket of chips down. “We?”
“You broke his nose? Who was it?” Natasha folds her arms and glares at him, practically challenging him to defy her question.
He doesn’t want to say on a non-encrypted line. “I’m not sure. But who know who is here and who the players are.”
On the way to New Jersey – once he gets over the border he starts searching for a home improvement store. It won’t be much but he can, at the very least, be ready to defend himself. He is a weapons manufacturer, after all, he should be able to put together some different kinds of defense weapons without a problem. He doesn’t plan on killing anyone. Supplies, he needs supplies. He finally finds a Mom and Pop place and pulls off the road. The place is an utter disaster but he manages to find enough supplies from pliers to oven mittens, to fertilizer, fire ant control, canvas bag, and even old Christmas ornaments for good measure. He keeps loading up the cart with as much as he can find and ends up spending over a thousand dollars at the place. The old man behind the wooden counter looks at all of the stuff and then at him.
Steve no longer held hope for the future he’d suddenly found himself in. Long ago, Steve recognized something different in his soul, his heart. As a child he accepted that he was attracted to boys and not girls. He thought it was a sickness. But maybe his mother’s tolerance for vampires had been a way for her to tell him that she knew and loved him still. But the world around him chose to fabricate laws of God against who Steve was. Therefore, the idea of vampires being a sin, being called the undead, and not being accepted for their transformed beings, irritated Steve. It sent him into a spiral.
“Another Stark, actually another Tony Stark,” Steven says as a wash of sadness overcomes him. “It’s said that his omega sacrificed his gland to free him.”
“We could wait,” Steve suggested. If it put Clint in any more danger, then Steve thought it would be a good idea to wait it out. At the same time, the idea that Clint’s soul was literally ripping itself apart ratchetted up Steve’s fears. “But what I experienced… it wasn’t good.”
Possibly a bad sign, but Steve refrains from mentioning it. Tearing down the fire blanket, Steve rolls it up and stuffs it into his overburden pack. The blustery wind hits him full in the face. He gasps as he talks. “Any-anything else?”
“Another,” Tony says and offers him the whiskey flask again.
Steve doesn’t get it until the last minute but opens wide and Tony lands the fork right on his tongue, the syrupy waffles smack in the middle. Steve closes his mouth and then as Tony slides the fork away, puts his hand to his mouth. A look of shocked surprise dawns on his face.
Steve takes it. “You are like a dog with a bone.” He accepts the helmet and then snaps it on. It smells weird. “What’s that smell?”
Please be aware that Bucky as a man who grew up at the beginning of the 20th century has some old fashioned views of same sex relationships. He does have some homophobia in this chapter - just like Steve had toward self throughout the rest of the story. I tried to make it realistic and not just a easy fix.
“You are really punch drunk aren’t you?”
“What’s this all about?”
“I didn’t know other than a quick reference.” Anger rages through him. This was supposed to be a fair fight. A fight of fist-to-cuffs, not a mind game. But then again, Natasha learned mind games in her training. This would be what to expect from this rim. “Ultron, you know Natasha – Natasha saw the same thing I did. She knows exactly what I know.”
“Did you just read my mind?” Tony said.
Bucky rushes to the ladder as Clint fights to keep the ship stable in the air.  He leaps to the ladder as it hovers a few meters from the ground. As he catches it with his metal hand the tie-fighter attacks again. The ship sways and even as Bucky turns to ensure that Sam got off the ground with Steve. He almost loses his grip of the ladder and then the tie-fighters come in with deathly intent, targeting not the ship but Bucky. It takes all of his strength to hold on and he shifts his entire focus to getting up the ladder. He has to trust in Sam. Clinging to the cables of the ladder, he’s able to make a few steps up as Clint streaks up into the sky with the tie-fighters tight on his tail.
He'd shrugged, tipped the bottle to his mouth, took a long hard swig, swallowed and then said, "I get what I can. Gotta be careful that they don’t find out."
“That’s not ideal.” Even though Steve understood very little of how the whole Divini worked and how Tony’s newfound power existed, something told him that draining Tony of his energy to fuel the Helicarrier was playing with fire.
“As you wish,” Steve says and he hurries Tony through the backrooms, listening for Tony’s directions.
He frowns. He could probably convince local authorities that it’s Avengers business, but then when nothing happens it might get back to Steve. It would get back to him anyhow. It’s not like he isn’t going to notice Tony leaving. He curses. Well there’s nothing for it, he’s stuck here.
The omega gazes up at him. His expression ruins every hope Tony has for the future. There are no words that Steven speaks, just a hollow silence that beats through the air. The frustration with the omega rears up, boiling over his primal alpha instincts. Since he’s technically entering urgency, he cannot stop it. No rational thought can stop it.
“You said that,” Steve says and cannot get over the feeling that a large mortar blast crashed into his head to leave him numb and confused. “I’m sorry, but I’m not following? I just came here to get my horse shoed.”
Steve cradles his face with his hand. His blood streams down his injured arm, puddling across Tony’s wounds like a benediction of their love. He cries as he holds onto Tony. “It should have been me. It should have been-.” His tears are stained red and they streak down his face. He kisses Tony and the pain dissipates.
“I could have said something, too,” Tony admits.
Tony closes his eyes and hates the sounds even more. He needs a way in, but the door is opposite the desk. Rumlow positioned everything perfectly so he could watch and fuck at the same time. On the desk, close to Steve is a gun. Tony won’t have a goddamned chance against it.
Tony finished up his work and then turned to Steve. “Jarvis and Ana stepped in when my parents didn’t seem interested. Don’t fault my mom. Dad always had her on a string, trying to get her to do what he wanted. She would ask if we could have Christmas together, he would promise and then boom, something at work pulled him away. Eventually, she couldn’t overcome the depression and loneliness. Ana took care of my mom as much as she took care of me. They were great friends.”
Steve hadn’t known what it was. “Okay.” As a sub he longed to learn everything, experience all that Tony had to offer.
After a moment to check and see if Tony’s going to stay stable on the horse, Steve goes to check on the ropes to tie off the other horse to Shield. The ropes are frozen and not easily handled. He wishes he still had his gloves on but they are gone and he doesn’t have time to search for them. Once the horses are secured, he goes back to Shield, and with a firm grip gets into the saddle behind a dangerously forward leaning Tony. He grabs the reins and with arms around Tony, kicks Shield to a start.
Again, Tony’s eyes went to slits as he glared at Steve. “Order? What do you mean by order?”
“What’s your name?” He searches for any semblance of self-care at all in the man. He finds none. The way he eats is mechanical, the way he sits hunched over, pained from the cage, and somehow is sullen and hopeless. Any other sub-omega would be writhing in pleasurable pain.
The nurse checked their vitals and hooked them up to several monitors, half of which Steve still couldn’t name. He itched to get out of the infirmary, go back to his apartment, and try and forget the last 70 years happened.  Once the nurses and the doctors filtered away, Bruce cleared his throat and declared, “You know, I’m not that kind of doctor.”
“This isn’t my nightmare,” Steve says as the recording darkens.
“Yes, something like that. Plus I could tell how she was wounded and how much danger she felt she was in. It was all communicated through the bond. Not words but feelings and glimpses of life. On top of that I was able to call Sam to the scene to help.” Steve placed the coffee mug on the floor. “It worked like a charm and Sam hadn’t even been bonded for twenty-four hours.”
It's attached.
“Beloved is considered to the rarest-.”
“Not how. Not like this!”
Tony nods and the faceplate snaps shut. “JARVIS let’s go.” He shoots up into the air and sees the villagers have emptied out from their houses to line the street and watch him rise into the sky. “Let’s head south first.”
“Like I said it’s feedback. The stronger the bond gets – and right now it’s establishing itself so it will get stronger – the more reason you have to feed it,” Bruce said.
He wraps it around his waist as best he can. “When the Red Skull touched the tesseract, I saw the universe, all the dimensions. Even as I downed the plane, I could still see them. It was as if I was flying the plane through them, into them. It folded around me when the water hit. It felt like I was being torn inside out.” He grasps his arms around one another. “Next thing I remember is swimming. Swimming for ages, but not being myself. I was changed, different.”
“I don’t think it’s personal. I don’t think he can help it. Think about it, he has no one to train him. No one to help him. It must be maddening!” Steve said and rubbed at his eyes before covering his face with his hands. “This is all my fault. I should have done something for the pack years ago. But I just couldn-.” He stopped before he finished. When he dropped his hands and looked at him, all Tony could see was the redness and disillusionment as if everything in the future had failed Steve. It haunted Tony. Steve looked up at Tony expectantly, but what could Tony offer him?
“Oh I-.” He really did read the situation wrong. “I didn’t-.”
Tony slumps. It’s just him, the tree, the broken suit, and a carcass, that’s sure to attract more unwanted attention. He needs to get it far enough away that any scavenger animal coming for it won’t set his sights on fresher meat instead. Of course, that means he actually has to pick that thing up and haul it somewhere far away from here, then make it back to his little space. He should have climbed up the side of the slope and hidden in the alcove of a rock formation. Being out in the open like this is fool’s play.
“We’re almost done, Captain. We just have the last cycle finishing up. It looks good so far.”
“Oh shut up you jerk,” Steve said. “You always pushed all these girls at me and never once asked if I was interested.” He never gave Bucky a chance to response, instead he faced Tony. “And you, you wouldn’t listen to me about Bucky. He’s a tool, a victim. Did you give it a moment’s thought what happened to him?”
“I supposing this is a unibeam burn,” Tony says as keeps his eyes away from Steve’s gaze. He keeps his hands deftly busy as he speaks. “Was it the armor or did he just zap you with something else that was similar.”
“Thank God I didn't have to see that.” Tony snickers as he scampers across the bedroom to the ensuite.
“I know he’s important to you.” The words felt weak and laid flat before him. He wanted to say so much more, but the truth ached through him. His mother died. His Mom. The death would always haunt him.
Once he  finished showering, Tony dressed and ventured to the kitchen. Normally when he got up there was usually some sort of breakfast and coffee made by his wait staff, but since it was so early they hadn’t arrived yet. He settled for making his own coffee and pulling out some frozen waffles that he could pop in the toaster. When he finished he had to admit that he was proud of his little feat. He sat down and started to eat just as the staff began appearing. He waved off breakfast but told them to make whatever they wanted – his chef and staff routinely ate their meals at the Tower, all provided by Tony. He even had an allowance for them to eat at home along with a generous salary. Most of his staff had elected to live in the Tower, rent free.
This time rolling is a requirement and he does, crashing through the narrow window and right into the face of one of the troopers. That knocks one out of play. He scans around the square tower room to find consoles and heavy artillery but all of it - from the canons to the turret guns aren't designed to protect the inside of the tower. The soldiers there dash for weapons but Bucky doesn't give them a chance. He blasts each one in the chest and only sniffs away the charred smell of flesh. He hits the bud in his ear.
“Sure, you were, sure you were.”
“It is the Tesseract. I have great fear in my heart that it has taken over his senses,” Thor says. “I cannot get a message out to our mother, for your telegraph man is especially belligerent today.”
“How did you know to come… I mean, how did you know to come to me?”
Steve let himself feel all of it, seeing the intense joy on Tony’s face. He tested a thrust and Tony literally quaked with need beneath him. It sent a spike of delight and want through Steve – to know he had that effect. He started a slow rhythm and found Tony squirming beneath him, begging Steve for more, grabbing at him and kissing him with wild need. He stroked in a mad pace but then eased down to send a howl of desire from Tony. Hovering over Tony, Steve grinned.
Tony had never confessed about the Movement to anyone. He’d never betrayed that part of his family’s legacy. How could he? And now he needed to bring an Air Force officer into the mix to help him with a man who’d been tortured for years. Who the hell could this guy be?
“I have to break that rule, unfortunately,” Tony says. “Because if I want him as my warrior then he has to be broken and bonded to me. We don’t have a lot of time for roses and rainbows, Pep, do we?”
“Invite list?” Tony asks.
“He was a tool of Hydra. According to this file Zola, under Operation Paperclip, continued what he started with Bucky in ’43. Only it was worse, so much worse. They brainwashed him.” Steve flipped through the papers to show Sam. It was probably the thousandth time that Steve had shown the same four sheets of paper as evidence to Sam of Bucky’s innocence. “You can’t blame a person if their consent is taken away. That’s basic Helsinki.”
“Listen, man, you can’t go hiding it that way,” Sam said. “Take it from me, this stuff isn’t even twenty-four hours old for me and you cannot do it alone.”  He seemed like a reasonable guy to Tony, but at the same time, trust never came easily.
Blu glances over his shoulder, mutters a growl as if he’s irritated with Tony’s reaction, and then continues to walk away.
“What? Gay marriage?” Tony frowns. “Yep. I told you about the legal case. It opened the door wide open for gay marriage.”
“Don’t do it again,” Steve says and turns back to the ship.
“Let’s give them some room,” Natasha said. She ushered everyone out of the room, but before she left she turned to them. “We need to talk about our next steps. Okoye will call a meeting of the Divini.” Natasha left with a lasting look at Tony.
He stepped away from the bed, turned away. Gripping the door handle, Tony bowed his head but couldn’t look back. “I’m sorry.”
He croaked out, “What?”
“Open your eyes, and look at me,” Tony says in a low growl.
“There’s several types of wraps on the platter, Tony. One looks like a beef and provolone wrap with bell peppers, another is a turkey – probably roasted – with an avocado spread, and the last one looks like a chicken salad make with sliced red grapes and celery, I think. Also, there’s a fruit salad on the side. What would you like?” Steve asks.
“My job?”
The jerk and tug of his attacker had caused Tony to slip against the cracked glass and one of the sharp fragments of glass sliced into him. He screamed. He used his fist to pound Bucky but there was no stopping him. With eyes focused only on Tony, Bucky glared at Tony and with a snarl yelled, "Hurt him, you all hurt him. Stop now!"
“You like it when you can’t move, when I can do whatever I want to you. You give yourself over to me so completely, my sweet heart. I can’t believe I deserve you,” Tony said and licked at the wound on his throat again, releasing him from the frozen state.
WARNING: There is an attempted assault in this chapter ...the victim does NOT get sexually assaulted but fights against it. But this might trigger some people so I want to warn you.
“Always a pleasure to see you, Captain,” Tony says and his eyes twinkle as if he’s playing a game. He’s the cat and Steve’s the mouse.
“Will is the operative word here,” Tony snaps. “That means he hasn’t, yet!”
“It is a pleasure to meet you as well. The prince has told me that you are assisting him with his work?” Erskine says.
“Most important thing is out there,” Clint said and swore under his breath as the doors of the elevator opened. “Fucking can’t believe it.”
“That has got to be painful, buddy. But I have to start a fire first so I can see what I’m up against.” Blu scrapes at his mouth again with his paw, but Tony stops him. “No. Have some patience, okay?”
He needs to hear Steve. He needs to know they are on the same page, in the same book. “Hungry?” he says over the intercom in the helmet.
They’re almost done with the restore process when Tony finally gets his touch with his wayward CEO. He can’t blame her really, since she’s in the thick of getting everything ready for the gala that takes place in only days. He gets her to agree to come to the Tower for lunch. It’s right before he plans on implementing the restore for the implant. He requests Jarvis make something Pepper will find appealing, since right now, Tony’s had a hard time stomaching anything other than crackers or soup. It’s not the medication or even the fact he may be on the precipice of losing his sight forever, but it’s his constant questioning about Steve. His brain won’t let it go, he keeps cycling about it, worrying about it until it might just drive him insane.
“He beat the shit out of you and shot you. You still almost died,” Tony said.
“It’s a protocol Pepper had put in place. All you have to do is initiate the code. Is this your mobile?” Rhodes asks.
“I don’t know, Thor. This isn’t a good time with Tony,” Steve said and knew he had no excuses. He needed to do his duty as pack leader and not just a soul mate to Tony.
With no clue on how to proceed, Tony replies, “Sounds good. Let’s try for late morning. I might need to sleep in.”
Steve placed on hand on his own chest as he sympathized with the ache that Sam must feel. “You were mated?”
She nods and then he closes the door only to turn to Tony. His whole body vibrates with the wild swing of emotion. He’s near panic in two different ways but he holds it together by sheer willpower.
Tony furrowed his brows, his interest in getting a communication to the outside world temporarily forgotten. “What? That has to be wrong.” He leaned down as Pepper showed him the files. Folders on physiological studies, anatomical studies, behavioral studies, psychological studies, stress studies, extreme environment studies, pain studies, isolation studies filled the screen. There were even more files that she hadn’t opened.
Family? For a moment the words displace him and he recalls being in the hospital as a child. But he’s not a child and this isn’t the hospitals of the 20s or 30s when he grew up. This room with its gadgets and equipment are far from what he knows and what he learned as a child. The nurse comes back with a tray. A cup of water and a few small round crackers are on the tray. She adjusts his bed and he’s sitting up, looking at nothing but a wall of equipment and the dull lights shining down from above.
Tony looks more hurt than affronted, but he goes to the mid-section of the Quin Jet and manages to find a fire blanket. He uses a stream of whatever those creepy crawler bugs things that come out of his gauntlet to affix it to the fuselage.
“Something like that,” Steve said but to Tony seemed stiff, shut, as if he faced an inquisition.
“It has to come off. How the hell does he eat?” Tony snarled at the guard.
“Tony.” He cannot parse how Tony is standing by his bed, how it is Tony’s hand covering his own, a welcome pressure. He mustn’t be there. This must just be a product of his mind. Like Peggy.
Bucky hoots and claps his hands as he stands up. “I’m planning it all out. You will not be sorry, you punk.”
“Got it in one, Cap. You need to snap out of what the Soul Keeper’s done to you, otherwise we won’t be able to stop him from invading the timeline and killing everyone we know and love.”
The clock ticks.
"And God made you?"
“I could feel it.” Natasha said with a smile. “I think everyone could.”
“We’ll find him,” he promises.
"We are taking increasing fire. Are you flying yet?"
This does not dissuade Ross. “According to my sources, you did not spend your time with your bonded Alpha. As I mentioned this does lead to some ambiguity about your status.”
While he works through the upcoming week’s list, Steve drinks his tea bent over his tablet and doesn’t hear Natasha enter the room.
“What’s a sin is not knowing the difference between the plebian love of chocolate and the connoisseur love of vanilla.” Steve grabs for the shakes and stabs the top of the cup with a straw, drinking it. The first thick taste of the vanilla ice cream floods his mouth and he delights in it. He smiles but then the whole of the situation presses down on him and looks away from Logan, toward the windows of the hospital room.
Sighing, he jumps in. “Can you tell me what’s going on?”
“I may be able to offer some assistance,” Thor says and his expression only leads Steve to believe that he’s not going to like what he hears. “There are my poisons and natural herbs my mother knew. This one, I am sure, will go to his brain and he will suffer for it.”
“Yeah,” Tony says and flops back again, adjusting the sheet so it does cover him. “He’s not as good as you.”
“But you’re not this anymore,” Tony replied. Every word meant nothing, a silly defense in light of the truth. Steve would always be this person – this man with the scarecrow shoulders and the strong jaw. He would always be frail in some corner of his mind. Project Rebirth never changed the truth of the man – that was the main reason it worked on Steve but failed on Schmidt.
He waves excitedly, heaves up the shield and carries it back up the hill.
A scoff erupted out of Tony. He muffled it as quickly as he could, but the damage had already been done. He held up his hands to stop Steve’s disgusted reaction. “No, please.” He gestured for Steve to continue, though his disbelief mounted.
Steven arches his neck, allowing access to his gland. “Drink from it. Knot me, punish me. There’s no other way to keep me.”
The dining room table is set. Tony searches around for candles and candlesticks. He finds them and places them on the table, lighting each candle. It’s a little silly since they are Halloween candles with etchings of skulls and witches along their length.
“Yeah, yeah, go.” He watches the omega leave and there’s a part of him that wants to follow like a little lost boy hoping that his hero will listen to him, imprint his Viz-net card. But the man – the shadow of a man – is just an omega, nothing more.
“There could be others, but they’re minor,” Tony says. “I wouldn’t put it past Estane to make a major play. He doesn’t have a leg to stand on. He doesn’t have a family name, no legacy. Sure, he’s an alpha, but I’m a prime and a dom. There’s nothing he has on me. I have the firepower and the name.” Tony reaches over and grasps Steven’s arm. “And I have you. What alpha is going to fight me when I have the omega from the Uprising under my control? That is a coup in and of itself!”
“I saw your eyes, I saw what you thought, for Christ’s sakes it was written all over your face when you first saw him, like you wanted to drop down on your knees and-.”
“Room?” Steve crunches up his face.
“I had to. Thor asked me to come,” Steve said and raised his hands. “This is your pack, Tony. No one he-.”
His new boss. Steve exhales heavily and follows Clint. The décor of the place isn’t like anything that Steve imagined. He’d thought it would be like the brothels near the front of the sector gaudy with red velvet and dark lighting. The Widow’s Brothel is sleek with white and chrome and portals that allow glimpses of the stars and nebula outside the Prime Station.
“It means what’s on the outside. People don’t see beyond the outside. Many people judge books by their covers but that doesn’t mean what’s on the outside tells you what’s on the inside. Does?” Maria asked.
Tony grins. “Come on, you thought that was a funny.”
“Hey, he’s back.”
“Well, I can’t build the bomb they want and I don’t want to die, so you’re going to have to live to help me out here,” Steve says and tries to rinse a little of the wound. The wires spark but don’t do anything more insidious than that.
“We’re going to get you out of this, Steve,” Tony says even though he hasn’t figure out exactly what this is yet.
“It’s a miracle, isn’t it? If I believed in miracles, I would think I dropped into one when I stepped foot in this dusty town on the middle of nowhere,” Tony says. “Yet, I am a man of science.”
"No, they said I'm not Captain America."
“Is all the hint you get,” the arch pulses.
Tony pulls back a little so that his whole fist is no longer in Steve and he gasps out a cry of disappointment. “Hold on, baby. Just a minute.” Then Tony slips back in, his hand a different shape with one finger teasing at his prostate. Steve loses all consciousness then, all known thought disappears, and he rides the waves of pleasure. He feels himself spilling and spilling. His balls unload until he’s hot and dry and still orgasmic. It continues on for a few minutes but finally his body relaxes and goes limp.
He slid up to meet Steve’s gaze. “I shouldn’t do this. You give too much.” He ached when he thought of how much Steve offered without asking for anything in return. “Why? Why do you do it?” Was it some kind of enthrallment? He wanted to believe that it was love and not a spell cast unknowingly by him on Steve.
“You took a lot on your shoulders, Tony. You never wanted others to help you, but they were always there.” Steve leads the way to the diner as Tony clutches his bicep.
Later that day, they’re working in the lab on the ground level of the house. Instead of going line by line through the code, Tony has him fabricating a 3D new model of his smart streets platform. It’s not the real thing but Tony wants to be able to feel it and get a good sense of how each ‘brick’ will interlock with its cousin. Steve works at the computer terminal, checking the 3D printing processes over again as he gears up for the final segments to be manufactured. After the 3D printer finishes, Steve needs to intercalate the pieces and then fuse them with the computer processor pieces. It’s delicate work that Tony told him really needs to be done in a clean room, but since they don’t have that, Steve is going to wear a biocontamination suit with gloves and a helmet.
Natasha was looking down at the desk, avoiding Steve’s gaze. She hated him already. The future hated him. “But Barton might-,” he started.
“Tony?” Steve said over the comm-link. “Clint’s down. Nat’s taking over his position. I called in Fury and Maria to evac him.”
“Bucky. Bucky is going to be there."
“We need to talk.”
The man furrows his brows. “Is this a physics book, a psychology book, or one of those pseudo-science books?”
“What does that mean?” He feels warm.
“What happened?” Tony indicated the mess of the benches, the glass all over the floor, the dented centrifuge. He tiptoed across the glass but it still crunched under his shoes.
Tony reaches over and closes Steve’s mouth. “Not exactly. The reaction is killed before that happens, but enough gravity waves are produced for the station. The hard part is funneling it to the station and not everywhere else. The bowl is a by-product of that process.”
“Yeah?” Tony said.
“Tony?” He nearly jumps out of his skin when he looks down to see Steve – his Steve- blinking his eyes and shifting slightly in the bed. “What happened?” He lifts up his head and then sinks back down in the pillow. “Don’t tell me.”
. It was not Soviet made, nor was it Chinese or Japanese made. It was alien, and it was a virus. The first person to be infected was Howard Stark. Officials still do not know how it spread during those first few months. It was soon discovered that the virus changed a person, transformed them into a nearly immortal being – an immortal being that fed on other humans, drinking their blood. They were called vampires for want of another term. The human population changed during those months from human to vampire, workers, and stock. Workers were humans who never changed when infected by the virus but were considered to be part of the vampire clan. Stock were those who were never infected, could not be infected for some reason and became the stock for the vampires to feed off. Some infected by the virus did not survive the transformation and died.
When she exits, a nurse enters and checks on Steve. She’s quiet and comforting but Steve can only think about what’s transpired. How did he lose control of so much and so quickly? He needs to find the strength to get up and to tell them both – both alphas – that he’ll make his own decisions. He cut out his gland for a reason and whether or not they find it reasonable isn’t their decision to make. He grapples to get upright, but fails. The nurse is by his side, telling him to remain still. He collapses back onto the pillows and sinks into oblivion from effort.
Against the motion of the crazed train, Steve forced his way over to Clint who lie in the middle of the aisle. Steve touched his neck, finding a strong pulse, but he was out. People throughout the car started to try and stand, to find out what was happening. Steve managed to stand up and in his best Captain America voice said, “Sit, strap in, and stay safe!” The train pitched again, throwing him across the car. He smacked up against the window, hitting his head against the opposite chair. The whole of the train trembled, shaking as if undergoing a seizure, and then stopped dead. It took all of thirty seconds for the train derailment to occur.
*oOo*
“Fury said I could do good. That we could change things.” Steve chewed and then commented on the steak, “You could have warmed it up a little. I hate cold rare meat. I’m not a dog you know.”
Men hang out of the sides with heavy artillery and search the horizon, ignoring the setting sun. Tony zeroes in on them and asks JARVIS to analyze the driver as he hovers some distance away.
Steve glares at the image of Tony before him, the puppet that Ultron controls. “You wanted me all along. One way or another you wanted me because you still want to be human. After all that destruction in Sokovia – all you wanted was to be a human. Forget that you think humans are faulty. You still long to be a human.”
“Some old wiring. Cleaning it up and fixing it.”
“Of course you do,” she says and her voice is soft and not mocking.
“I thought I was?” Truth be told, he had no idea what he was or what anything else was anymore. This soul pack thing had thrown him and he still couldn’t find solid ground to stand on and to figure out what the next thing he needed to do was.
“Let me get this straight,” Sam says. “You’ve been trying to get back to us since 2014?
“Yes, sir.”
There are doctors and nurses around him then, trying to stop the anxiety, the panic from overwhelming him. He keeps asking for help, but not for himself. He needs to save Bucky, and he needs to beseech Tony. He doesn’t want them to hurt one another. Not because of him. Not because of the evil that Bucky had to do, that he was compelled to do. Something must be injected into the port in the intravenous line because he feels a burning through his veins and then he fades away. It shouldn’t be so easy to knock him out, but he sees it coming and he succumbs.
The great cat is hungry. Tony can see it in those too blue eyes.
Tony laughs. “Old man Odin’s sons are nowhere to be found. They left years ago after a feud of some sort. Odin’s kept the Realms distinctly quiet and separate from the Conclave.”
Bruce agrees. It’s the only way to find out if the disentanglement has worked. They could do some more complex tests. But this is simple and easy – and will give them the answer in only minutes.
“Tony, don’t,” Rhodey says and grips Carol’s hand as if to quell her response.
He’d thought their story had been a fairy tale and now he knows it was just a tragedy masquerading as a love story. Now, in Wakanda, Steve has no other choice but to offer himself up to the local mating block for an alpha or suffer through a heat alone.
He draws the reins of Shield’s halter and the horse simply follows, he only needs to lead the reins a tad, because Shield trails after him, much like a dog would.  She’s a nice rich sorrel color with some white markings along her legs. He strokes along her nose and she nays at him.
Tony sweeps a hand down his back, trying to be comforting. He knows that the man’s caste, his biology, drives him to submit and to offer fealty to Tony. Yet, he also knows that the man has pride. Every omega should still have a certain integrity and pride within. It’s important to have it, a warrior needs it in order to be effective.
“No!” He shoved Tony away, knowing it hurt him, knowing it signified a kind of breaking away from their mutual seclusion from the hell that surrounded them. “No, I’m sorry but, I need to see him. Now. I need to see him.” He had to act. He couldn’t curl up and hide any longer.
“The Great Purge,” Tony mutters. He recalls a bit about it from history class; it’s not like he really enjoyed the damned class. His focus was really in the area of technology and engineering. “That’s when the Alphas took over and the caste order finally was realized. We have a big celebration about it every year.” It’s like Independence Day from the Earth nations of old.
As he chews, Steve says, “It’s so much better than the condom flavor.”
All of the books, all of the histories were written by the victorious alphas. The Great Purge made sure of that – Steven didn’t exaggerate that truth. He didn’t lie at all, yet why is Tony so angry with him? why go this far? His resolve wavers.
Ross laughs and then pinches the bridge of his nose. “So you’re telling me.” He looks at Tony and drops his hand. “You’re telling me that while you were estranged you permitted him to share his heat with some stranger.”
He was standing in Colonel Phillips’ office. He wasn’t in his Captain America uniform but his dress uniform. The drab office matched the browns of his jacket. The medals on his chest glinted in the room with its bare lightbulbs. The desk between them was strewn with papers and yellow file folders.
“Let’s just say, Captain, that happenstances of my life changed me. Some for the good, some for the bad,” Tony says. “I want to share the good with you.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You know what I mean.”
“No?” Thor staggers back. He turns his back on Steve. “But what of last night. Your warm arms. How can I go on?”
“Yes, sir. Thor and Doctor Banner are also present.”
Tony confirms. “Up on the ridge, high up. There’s a flashing blue light. I’m assuming it’s the Passage. Ultron can’t hide it, exactly. Passages are there because they’re virtual footprints of his construction of the Hub.”
Then he realizes how fucking hot he is. How long has he laid in the suit? How long has he been out of it? If he’s lying out in the sand he’ll cook in the suit, especially since the inner climate control is shot. Gritting his teeth, Tony swings his aching arm across his chest and slams the release. For a second, he thinks it’s broken but then the armor plates grind and wheeze like an old man trying to ride a bike. It opens. Tony forces himself to get out of the armor and onto the rocky surface. He drops to the ground and squints his eyes.
“From what we understand,” Fury said as he stepped in to explain, “soul packs are rare but have been popping up from time to time.”
“They have you working as a spy?” That cannot be right. He has one of the most recognizable faces on the planet.
He swallows hard. He’s seen this tragedy before. His Natasha folds her hand over his and yanks him toward the floating specter. Steve doesn’t blame her for wanting to avoid seeing her death displayed before her.
“Are you going to be able to do this?” Tony asked.
His face colors, and he’s about to disavow any knowledge of what she might be referring to, but she stops him in his tracks. “No one knows he’s here. He arranged it earlier while you were out wrestling von Doom to send the telegraph. He came in through the back and the girls set him up. Go. I have Skye off the roster tonight; she’s officially seeing you.”
When he walks out of the bathroom and back into the main room, the prince has already arrived. He stands slightly off center in the room, in profile to Steve. His hair is a mass of dark curls, wild and free. He’s regal in his stance and he turns to greet Steve.
His sight catches the workbench, the armor he’s built waiting to be assembled. Maybe it is time. Maybe mystery woman is right. “Steve? Steve, can you hear me?”
“No need.” Tony gestures for Steve to leave, and thankfully, the man takes the hint and folds up his portfolio. He thanks Tony for the opportunity and lets himself out of the office. After a full minute, Pepper joins him from the side room of the large office in the Tower.  “Did you watch?”
Just in time to mull his dilemma, Blu joins him at the shoreline of the stream. The lion looks positively grumpy as if he’s silently reprimanding Tony for leaving his company.
The boys squirms in Steve’s arms. “Put me down, I’m too big to be carried.”
“My best friend is missing in action.” He doesn’t know why he says it – it tumbles out of his mouth like a bowl full of marbles crashes down the steps, skipping and cracking along the way. “He’s like a brother to me. And now he’s gone.” Steve’s under no delusion that they’ll ever find Bucky. Even if he’s going to dedicate the rest of his life – all be it short – to finding him, he knows the likelihood is infinitesimal. Not many are found again in a war fought in space.
Ultron’s playing with his food again. That much is obvious. His food is brain games, and what other way to play with Steve than to make it a physical chore. Everyone always thinks that Steve is nothing but the muscle of the group anyhow. First things, first, he needs to climb out of this well and find out what Ultron has cooked up for him now. With a swing of his legs he manages to leverage his feet against the wall. Gripping the chains holding him in the well, Steve begins his ascent. It’s easier than simply climbing the chain. The wall is slippery but easy enough to balance against with his barefeet. His muscles strain against the pull and heave of the climb. It makes him wonder at the virtual reality. How everything feels so real but at the same time still oozes with non-reality. The periphery blurs out when he’s not looking at it directly. It’s clear that Ultron may have invaded the internet, but it overwhelms his capacity. Steve files that away for use later as he grits his teeth.
“Go right ahead, sir.”
Scott receives the papers that Tony is ardently shoving into his face. He scans the text, his eyes growing big as they reach the end of the first page. “Where did you get this?”
The man coughs. “Of course, I’m sorry. This is Steve Rogers.”
“I charmed one of Justice Lehnserr’s clerks, who told me that he’s heard subpoenas have been going around the Court. I mean, it’s the highest federal court of the country so I’m sure that’s not an unusual thing to happen, but he said that they were being given
“We’re serious about this, Tones. You be careful moving forward with this,” Rhodey cautions him.
Matt gives Foggy a curt nod. “We were hoping you could help us on a case we’re working on.”
“Why is that?” Janet asks.
“Tony,” T’Challa starts, his tone grave. “This is not under your jurisdiction.”
“It is, but that’s not all there is to it.” Tony sighs. “I’m sorry, I couldn’t tell you over the phone. I hope you’re not upset,” he tells her carefully, his apology genuine.
Steve bows his head, trying not to erupt in laughter. “Did anyone ever try to make the two of you into a reality TV show?”
They take their seats and Tony orders his usual. He’s here with the other Democrats often enough, and the staff know him pretty well. They also know how to be discreet, which is why Tony chose this particular bistro to meet with Carol and Rhodey.
“Fit right in your little circle, that one.”
A beat. Then, “Shouldn’t we start fixing the budget?”
I think about it?”
“Sorry,” Clint mutters.
Kate nods, muted and apologetic. She doesn’t say anything more, wary about antagonizing her boss further.
Steve gives him a small nod in agreement. “Alright then, let’s get this show on the road.”
He returns to the nearly empty ballroom, save for the White House staff cleaning up, and finds Rumiko alone by their table. “You okay?” he asks her gently.
“He’s a young and brilliant jurist with an impeccable record. With a Republican senate, he’ll breeze through the committee hearings and camp out in that seat for decades,” Natasha tells them. “If I were Rogers, Loki is exactly who I’d nominate.”
“I assume this is where Pierce comes in,” Janet interjects.
Steve extends his hand. “I’d like that.”
“As President of the United States, I unfortunately can’t ignore the highest ranking member of the rival party,” Steve says with a grin. “But it’s Thanksgiving, so maybe we should stop teasing your godfather.”
Which is a shame, because despite what he says about the House of Representatives in public, he does genuinely enjoy his job. He enjoys the challenge of finding solutions to difficult problems. He enjoys seeing that his decisions result in the improvement of American lives. He enjoys celebrating with his team when they win, and he most certainly enjoys lording their victories over sullen Republicans.
Yes, Steve knows. He knows it all too well, remembers clearly how the party made a last ditch effort by sending him to Bucky’s district. Bucky won in the end, but it was at the expense of their relationship. Perhaps it wasn’t meant to be, but that doesn’t mean Steve doesn’t want to make amends.
Steve can’t help but agree with that. “Thank you for taking my call, Congressman Barnes. I look forward to working with you in the future.”
Kate is in front of him, irritated and impatient, tapping her foot and waiting for answer. “Well, Tony?”
There is hesitation on Bucky’s part. “I suppose there was a general feeling that Fury neglected the party after you agreed to run for President. We were doing very well, and then suddenly we weren’t. Hill was angrier than anyone because she lost the Speakership. And me, well... You know how close the race was in my district.”
“I guess you’ll have to find out when Congress comes back in session,” he tells her, and bows before he takes his leave.
“Call me Clint, Mrs. Lewis. I left Senator Barton in the Capitol,” he responds with a fond smile.
“I didn’t even ask…”
“Has the Senate Judiciary Committee been notified?”
Steve takes a deep breath, steadying himself. It’s been a tough day, and he was barely at the end of it.
“You own a security company, honey, not a limousine service.”
“Hey Sour Patch, penny for your thoughts?”
Naturally, they argued on their first meeting. Odin had dragged Thor to Culver University with him, and he sat front row to watch his dad give a talk on business ethics. He was bored out of his mind—he had heard all of this from his father before—until a female voice from the center of the auditorium interrupted the discussion on corporate social responsibility.
Yes, Ms. Stark.
He would need to call Natasha.
security firm,” Natasha responds, tone impassive. Clint decides not to question her.
They are at the back of the room in a discreet, hole-in-the-wall restaurant, away from curious and prying eyes and ears. They even dressed appropriately for the meet. Natasha in a-size-too-big sweatpants and a loose sweater, no makeup, hair in a messy bun and sunglasses as an extra shield—no one would ever recognize her as the prim, dangerous, and impeccably dressed DNC National Chair. And Fury, in a beanie and dark gray hoodie, hides easily in plain sight. This restaurant isn’t even on the radar of the who’s who in Washington, which makes it the perfect spot for clandestine meetings. Still, it doesn’t hurt to be careful, especially now that the Capitol is in danger of blowing up over the budget.
Bruce raises an eyebrow. “That’s probably the first time I’ve heard you curse in the White House.”
Tony groans. “You left those two alone together? Do you not remember the last time they went around this town without a chaperone? Christ, I’m going to have to pay for the damages. Again,” he complains to Clint. And to Darcy: “You, stop ordering my assistant around.” Darcy only shrugs, unapologetic.
Kate sighs. “You know what? Fine. Let’s just talk business. I don’t have time for this shit anyway.”
“Steve…”
Once again, there is silence from Tony’s end.
“I’m exhausted, Tony. Don’t test me,” he teases back, but there is a hint of seriousness in his voice.
She pulls away, but not before giving him a tender kiss on the cheek. They gaze at each other for a while, with Tony trying to find the right words to say—
That thought shocks him into paralysis for a second. His attraction to Tony is something that he has already come to terms with, but for this attraction to be something more? That’s not something he can just sweep under the rug, not when they’ve been working so closely together, and most definitely not when he’s just starting to get to know the most important person in Tony’s life. But having been allowed to see who Tony truly is behind the curtain, and now being given the privilege to watch him love freely and be affectionate towards his goddaughter makes Steve all the more drawn to this man in front of him—makes Steve want to be an intimate part of his life even more.
It’s been a while. “She can speak to my Chief of Staff, but we’re taking the wheel on this one. There’s no point in arguing because we’re not changing our minds.”
“You’re always welcome here,” Steve says softly, smiling back. He strokes Tony’s cheek with his thumb. “You look terrible, by the way.”
“Realistic? Tony, since when have we—“ Steve rubs his temples, frustration and irritation clear on his face. “Are you trying to punish me for the way I talked to you last night?”
“Didn’t he call Hill a—“
Tony shakes his head, “I’m good, thank you,” and settles down.
Tony and Steve.
The ride to the White House is quiet, with only Tony’s tapping for ambient music. Cassie slaps his knee in irritation. “Could you stop that? You’re annoying the hell out of me.”
“My pleasure, Mr. President.” And the Chief of Staff exits the Oval Office.
“Mm. Thank you for that, by the way,” Steve commends him. “That was pretty ingenious of you, controlling the news cycle that way.”
She gives him a small smile. “Understood.”
Tony backs off. “Okay, okay, sorry for trying to lighten the mood. Murdock, what have you got for us?”
“The military’s involved,” Tony says solemnly.
Happy smiles cheekily. “You like it anyway.”
“Are you sure about this?”
“Very happy to be here, Miss Romanoff. I finally get to fulfill my childhood dream of becoming a spy.” There’s absolutely no doubt about Rumiko’s delight at all this brouhaha.
It takes three minutes, but to Steve it feels like forever. “Line three, sir,” Sharon calls out from outside the Oval.
“What’s your recommendation?” Jane asks, still in disbelief.
“Ooh, now you’re talking. You have my full attention. Please do go on.”
Pepper raises an eyebrow, confused yet delighted. “Are we really?”
What? It’s true!
“Well, Fury, better make this quick. I don’t have all the time in the world,” Hill tells the GOP Chair in a commanding voice.
“Give me a goddamn break, you whiny social justice warriors,” Obie roars, catching the attention of the guests around them. He quickly calms down and smiles at them, as if to say
“After your concession speech.” She extends her hand to the door. “Shall we? There’s a ballroom full of depressed and dejected people waiting for you.”
Tony rolls his eyes. There are just some times when his assistant is too excited to function. “Now go ahead and do your job before I change my mind about your presence being allowed tonight.”
Tony blinks, the statement catching him off guard. “I sure hope so. I’d hate to disappoint him.”
Cassie rolls her eyes. “Please. Just because she decided to come back into my life thirteen years after she left it doesn’t give her any rights to my holiday plans whatsoever.” After gently pan-frying the seafood, she dumps the spaghetti on the pan and starts mixing, sprinkling salt, pepper and bits of basil. “Besides, being a legal adult affords me the right to make decisions without the input or say-so of my living biological parent.” She turns the stove off after a few more minutes and flips the pasta one last time. “All done! Pass me the plates?”
The doctor nods. “That explains a lot, actually. Mrs. Odinson said you were preparing for Thanksgiving dinner when you fainted—this is your body adjusting to the pregnancy, and since you weren’t expecting to have children, it clearly was not ready for the life you’re already accommodating. Thus, the fainting.”
"Mr. Stark," Darcy purrs, not even daring to hop off of Kate's desk. "Late, as per schedule, but not even fashionably so. Are you ever going to rid of those stupid orange aviators?"
“Yes sir,” Bruce replies tersely.
“And here I thought you knew me,” he murmurs, placing his hands on her hips and draws her closer, their foreheads touching.
“What do you think I should do?”
“Hey!” Darcy greets as they enter the house. “Guess what the Davidsons had for us this Thanksgiving?”
My name is Peter Stark-Rogers, and I’m going to tell you how Tony Stark and Steve Rogers gave me a family and saved my life.
“We’re not finished,” Fury growls.
There is still no answer.
“Please extend my compliments to your President, Mr. Speaker, on a superb dinner. I’m sure the President of Italy is pleased at this warm reception.”
And then a phone rings. They both groan.
“Well, it’s her fucking loss, Barton. You’re a catch and she knows it. Meanwhile, you have to suck it up and come back to us. No matter how much of an amazing woman she is, she’s not worth being like this.
Jane is his everything—his solid foundation, his rock, his guiding light. When they met almost fifteen years ago, it was love at first sight for him. She, on the other hand, needed more convincing. Back then, she was a young and promising PhD student in Culver University, and he was an aimless, rather pompous son of a rich businessman riding the powerful and wealthy coattails of his father. Jane wasn’t exactly impressed.
“Not yet,” Darcy is quick to add.
Clint chuckles. “Just like old times, eh?”
“He just can’t stick to the plan,” Happy finishes.
“Well, you started playing dirty, so what was I supposed to do, roll over and play dead?”
“I know who you are,” Tony says a little impatiently. He then realizes he’s talking to the leader of the free world and calms himself down, takes a deep breath.
“I figured.” Bruce moves closer to the President-elect who is now by the window, looking out into the Manchester night. “You miss her,” he states cautiously.
It was at that moment that his father stepped in, now more composed than he was when Jane first interrupted him. He skirted around the issue, naturally, spewing some vague rhetoric on balancing business and social interests, which Thor was sure didn’t really satisfy the feisty young woman. But she had made her point, and in turn had earned his and the audience’s respect.
is after the same thing.”
“Present and voting,” Pepper answers with a chuckle. “Nothing out of the ordinary on my side of the room so far—same old, white male faces. I’ll let you know if something, or someone, unusual comes up.”
Steve takes a deep breath and begins. “I am not happy with the way the Republicans in the House are dealing with the budget crisis. I understand that the House is probably the tenth circle of hell, and that Tony Stark is the devil, but that
“Look, Steve,” Sharon starts, her eyes warm. “I appreciate you telling me. I know you're doing this because we're family and all, but really there was no need.” She sighs. “One of the last things Peggy and I talked about was you. She asked me to look out for you, make sure you'd be okay. She wanted you to be happy, Steve. She wanted you to have another chance at happiness and I'm glad that you’ve found someone deserving of your affection and attention, especially in the middle of all of this.”
“History?” Pepper repeats, noting the same language that she had heard earlier from Natasha’s conversation with Aldrich Killian. “The future? What the hell are you even talking about? Bigger bombs?”
In Catholic tradition, November is the Month of the Souls in Purgatory—an apt description for the state of Tony’s soul, if there ever was one. It’s a fitting illustration for his physical state, too. His eyes are dark, sunken, and red from the lack of sleep, his hair disheveled. He is unfocused, his mind floating about—the product of spending the whole night tinkering in his workshop instead of getting some much needed rest, like he originally planned in the first place.
Kate received the White House summons precisely three minutes after Steve had gone full POTUS and hung up on him, giving Tony an express command that he cannot possibly disobey. His assistant knew exactly how fucked he was—she strolled into his office and told him in not so many words that he was well and truly fucked and had only one way to get out of the situation he had put himself in.
"Ass," Clint adds for extra measure.
“I said I didn’t have a plan. I
Then again, Kate has never seen Natasha so comfortable and so close to anyone else other than Clint. He has a rapport with Natasha that is unique to just the two of them—not even her boss’ relationship with the DNC chair can be compared to what Clint has with her. “She could feel the same way, you know,” Kate suggests after thinking on it for a bit.
“Yes?”
Tony rubs his eyes. “How can we talk about it without actually talking about it?” He hangs his head on the backrest and stares at the ceiling. He doesn’t even try hiding how he feels: bone-tired and war-weary.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in,” Fury drawls.
“I’m all ears, sir.”
Thor takes a deep breath
Tony says it quickly. “It's Rumiko.”
“SHIELD’s a security firm, Tash, not a car service,” Clint comments dispassionately.
Cassie thinks on it for a minute. “If I win, I get to pick where we spend New Year’s.”
“You’re happy, though, right?” he asks, in a moment of genuine concern. He loves both ladies but he will always have Kate’s back. Kate, in reply, snorts at him and that is enough for him to know that he’s asked a stupid question. Of course, it’s a stupid question. Kate isn’t the kind of person to be pushed into things. He smiles and shrugs. Kate smiles in return.
As he drifts away into a calm sleep, a final thought enters Tony’s mind:
Tony shrugs. “Same old, same old. The Capitol’s a bit of a mess, but nothing we can’t handle.”
Tony sinks into Steve’s touch immediately, releasing much of the tension that was holding his body hostage. “Mmm,” he mutters, his eyes closed. “That feels really good.”
“You just asked me if I thought he was special!”
“Good evening, Miss Fujikawa,” Dum Dum Dugan greets from the driver’s seat.
Natasha gives him a steely, defiant look. “Yes, we are.”
“And I think my Jane will agree with me when I say that I hope I don’t see your faces for the next couple of weeks.” There is laughter again, but this time it’s livelier. “Have a few minutes to yourselves before we all walk down to the ballroom together. Thank you, everyone. Job well done.” Another applause, and the staff break off to hug each other and offer sympathies.
Tony rolls his eyes. “I shouldn’t have asked. Here.” He takes his wallet out and hands her the plastic. “Make sure to invite the staff of everyone on the team—House, Senate, DNC.”
Kate taps a few buttons and sends the information open on Tony’s tablet to hers before she hands it back to him. “We’re not short on friends in Columbia, or the general New York area for that matter, if you need a go-between.”
“You’re not close with your family, Clint?” Anne asks after a long pause. Clint almost breathes a sigh of relief for the conversation.
Hill rolls her eyes at him but says nothing.
“Glad we could drag you out of the fluorescent-lit dungeons of Hoover for a night,” Pepper greets her with a peck on the cheek.
“And in the end you chose to run.” Bruce pauses, takes a moment to think. “For her?”
Clint nods in agreement. “They’re definitely a pair, those two. They’re invaluable on their own, but together they’re unstoppable. Tony and I wouldn’t be able to get anything done without them.”
Steve is painting when Tony walks in the private sitting room at the residence. He stands by the doorway for a minute, admiring the image in front of him, one that only he and a few chosen others are privileged to see: the most powerful man in the world dressed down, wearing an old, ratty, paint-stained shirt and hole-filled denim pants, the tenderness and vulnerability evident in the way he thrives in his creative outlet. It’s a wonderful, beautiful, humbling sight, and something which Tony is sure he will never tire of seeing.
Happy turns a little bit too melancholic for breakfast. “I just want him to be happy, you know? He’s a really good guy.”
Steve tries not to blush at how transparent he is when it comes to his feelings for Tony. “Is that why he maneuvered this whole thing between us? So that you could reassure me?” he asks her seriously, yet hopefully.
Natasha shrugs. “When in the company of friends and allies…” She leans back, that familiar and mischievous smile playing on her lips. The DNC National Chair is clearly satisfied with the turn of events. “Anyway, you were saying?”
“Natasha, please.”
get to throw around important government documents in this office while I am alive, Tony Stark,” she tells him in exasperation as she picks up the fallen pages from the floor.
watching), but it seemed distasteful, seeing as he was in cahoots with the President and was on his way to meet with him about the budget. So he turned his asshole down a notch. He will, however, hear from Natasha soon—he knows her well enough to know that his little show at front steps of the White House would have given him away. Natasha is just that good, and also that fucking terrifying.
Tony Stark is charismatic, engaging, brilliant, imperturbable, and yes (there’s no use denying it), attractive. Only an idiot wouldn’t understand why the Democrats continue to allow him take the reigns. But he’s also, as Steve has observed all these weeks working with him, an extremely private man, which is in complete contrast to his public persona. He keeps his cards close to his chest, veers away if anything becomes even remotely personal, and never hints at his true motivations. It seems as though you never truly get to know Tony Stark, never really get to know what makes him tick, unless he wants you to.
Tony throws his hands up as if to surrender, but he has a smile on his face. “Fine. I acquiesce. Steve and Tony it is.”
Tony waves it off. “I’m not too worried about that. Just…keep your shit together. And if there’s something you’re not sure about, don’t give them a decision until you’ve come to me.”
of this bickering!” Tony roars, and Peter and Kate shut their mouths immediately. Tony buries his face in his hands. “On a normal basis I would be extremely entertained by this pissing contest, but I just
“A little shaken—Obie has always rubbed me the wrong way, and this time is no different—but otherwise fine,” she tells him honestly.
“It isn’t,” Natasha says suddenly, frowning. “I appreciate the concern, Pep, but we’re both consenting adults. We can handle ourselves.”
Tony closes his eyes and mentally prepares himself for the conversation he's about to have. “I'm going to the state dinner for the Italian Prime Minister next week,” he starts, slow and deliberate.
“I only trust Tony Stark with two things in this world: fixing my gadgets, and politics. He knows what he’s doing, Kate. What’s with the sudden doubting?”
“The job scares me,” he finally tells Steve, his voice small. “When I said yes to this, I didn’t…I’m not a born leader, Steve. I’m not used to being responsible for so many people. I don’t want to disappoint any of them. I don’t want my decisions to put them in danger. I don’t…” Tony exhales and closes his eyes.
The restaurant suddenly goes still, and Pepper knows that Natasha has just walked through the doors. It’s amazing how much fear she can instill in a room full of people who wield so much power. Pepper has her own stride, but Natasha is in a league all on her own. Thank heavens they’re on the same side. Fighting against her would be like pushing against a concrete wall—very nearly impossible.
“I came here to apologize, you know,” Steve blurts out. “I’d wanted to for weeks, but it had to take the DOJ completely excluding my office from the Pierce case to realize why I was wrong.”
“I absolutely do,” she says with a chuckle. Then her expression changes. “Is it—can I stay in your house tonight? I don’t know if I want to be alone in a hotel room…”
“I don’t want to name names, Mr. Stark,” the President replies cautiously, but he’s still amused.
“I know you’re on blackout mode until after you’ve finished reviewing all the new bills, but there’s some commotion in the press office that I think you should address,” Kate tells him in a gradual, cautious tone.
“What, are you going to tell me that you didn’t know two days ago when you told me to watch out for anything unusual?” Steve asks indignantly.
The other end of the line suddenly turns quiet. Steve is sure that Bucky doesn’t know how to reply to that, and frankly, he also doesn’t know what else to say.
Steve smiles and nuzzles his hair. “It is.”
“I’m sorry?”
America doesn’t even bother responding to that.
“The only way for Rogers to know about Pierce retiring is if the Oval Office already received his letter of retirement,” she adds thoughtfully. “Which would mean that the two would have already met to discuss Pierce’s reasons, and also perhaps floating names for his successor.”
“How are we doing?” Tony asks her, his voice low.
“All jokes aside,” Natasha glares at Tony, “they're not happy that we had the Pierce case and didn’t tell them.”
He smirks and shakes his head. “I never learn.”
“Yes, Kate,” Tony says, exasperated. “I’m going to tell her everything, even that I went behind her back to make an arrangement with a Republican.”
He grabs a pen and paper from the coffee table and proceeds to sketch designs for Scott, explaining to him the next Tony Stark flight of fancy.
was being
“It was…” Tony tries to search for a word that isn’t too damning. He fails. “Whatever. I didn’t mean anything by it. That’s just how I am. You’ll have to get used to it, I’m afraid.”
"Good morning, sir. The weather today is at a chilly 45 degrees Fahrenheit. Shall I have your car ready?"
That earns him an honest, hearty laugh from her. “You’re a funny man, Fury. You rob me of the White House and then come to me for help when your boy’s in trouble. Desperate much?” She’s only teasing, though. Natasha knows him too well—she knows this meeting isn’t really about the Republican party saving face.
Killian is the typical kind of sleazy that Natasha can manipulate in her sleep. She almost yawns.
Tony nods. “Sounds good.”
They’ve been through the good, the bad, and the shitty together. Twenty fucking years, man. Frankly, I’m not surprised. Especially with all the sex they’re having.
Thor takes her in his arms, tears streaming down his face. “Oh, my darling.” He cups her face and looks at her with all the love he can muster. “My love, we’re going to have a baby.”
Oh god, don’t remind me.
"JARVIS, still stuck with Stark? I told you I'd give you a higher pay grade."
Tony laughs heartily. “Oh, Jesus, no.” He continues to laugh like he’d just been told the greatest joke in the world. “Where did you get the idea that I wanted to become President?” He wipes actual tears from his eyes. “Good lord, that was really funny. Oh, boy. Wow.”
Kate and Darcy try to muffle their laugh. Clint is confused, while Henry is entirely serious. “What shall we do with it then?”
Pepper smiles to herself—Thor has always been the best motivational speaker among them. When she directs her attention to Justin Hammer again, she lets out a dramatic, tired sigh. “What do you want, Hammer? If you say ‘unequivocal approval of the Stane-Hammer partnership extension’ then you can go take a hike.”
Cassie smiles even wider and dashes over her godfather to give him a hug. “Good to see you, Uncle Tones.”
“Hm?” Tony is hardly paying any attention to her, still attempting to tie a perfect Windsor knot.
“How’s school?” he asks her.
Tony, in a moment of unusual decision-making, decides not to tell his team about the agreement he has with the President. This creates a rift in his equilibrium and completely throws off his juju, because as much as he keeps his private life to himself, anything regarding work is public domain, and necessarily so. His team is effective because they are honest with each other, no holds barred. Still, for the life of him, Tony can’t bring himself to tell the others.
Steve waits until they’re inside the library and out of earshot to ask, “Her mother left her and her father as a child, right?”
By the time Tony arrives in his house at around eight in the evening, the party is in full swing. The entire first floor of his house is occupied by overworked government employees—he spots some staffers from Pepper’s and Janet’s offices in the kitchen, making what vaguely resembles to be guacamole; Natasha’s team from the DNC is milling about near the bar area with Wade’s people, controlling the flow of booze; and Clint’s and Thor’s tribes are scattered about in the living room and library, steering most of the conversation in the house. The atmosphere is relaxed, but there is an electric undercurrent powered by the hip-hop beats that Tony suspects Kate had put together for JARVIS to play in surround sound. He’s got to hand it to his assistant—not only is the party an acceptable cover for the meeting, it’s actually a rousing success. There is not a single bored face under his roof, and about half of his guests are close to being smashed.
“You misunderstand me. This whole crisis is no longer about exchanging goods and services, Nick. You know what’s on the line here.” She stands up and puts her sunglasses back on. “You need to tell your boy to trust Stark. And maybe you should tell yourself that as well.” She tosses a ten-dollar bill on the table and leaves without another word.
Clint gives her a small nod and continues where his assistant left off. “I’ve been scheduling some small meetings at the Supreme Court. Nothing too important, just under the guise of being part of the Senate Judiciary Committee, checking up on cases that are important to our platform, that kind of stuff. I needed a low-key way—pun totally intended—of asking questions, but most importantly, I needed to get Darcy inside to sniff around the clerks and assistants without anyone raising suspicions.”
They walk with her into the warehouse, their footsteps echoing in the empty space. It’s freezing, but Natasha and Clint try not to let the cold seep into their bones.
“Well, in that case, may God bless your soul,” she says seriously, and saunters out of the room, leaving Tony to dwell in his misery.
“Hm.” Natasha closes her eyes and mulls over the words that have been said. “I’m afraid I don’t have a plan for this one. I’m putting all my chips in the Stark pot, and sadly he hasn’t explicitly told me what he plans to do.” Then suddenly there’s a glint in her eye, and this time she gives Fury that mischievous smile that’s been dancing on her lips. “He’ll pay dearly for keeping me in the dark, but I know he’s got something up his sleeve. And if you want in on it, well… You’ll just have to wait and see."
Frankly, Steve is starting to get frustrated with the whole process. For one, he’s not terribly au courant with how Congress goes about with the budget—he’s only ever been with the Senate Ethics Committee, in the seat his Uncle Michael left vacant upon his death. Second, it’s no surprise that the Democrats are doing their best to kill his budget in the House—Tony Stark is, after all, out for his head—but to be quite honest, he’s almost up to his neck with the Republicans, especially those in the House.
