The following week, Mary and I readied ourselves for a formal dinner with Lord and Lady Hamilton. Even with knowledge of stakes set as high as this, I allowed myself some sense of joy at the prospect of getting to know the couple better. Mary appeared much more eager in her preparation, however, lasting out until the very moment we reached the threshold of our new friends’ home. I could tell that she was keen to see them too—particularly, I wagered, the Lady.
“Good evening, Eleanor,” Vane greeted with a wide smile. “Long time no see.”
“Why would I allow you the time of day when I have the upper hand? I could kill every single one of you where you stand. You are on my territory, and my word is what goes.”
“Oh, a case! Holmes must be rather pleased. Tell me, what does it concern?” Excitement emanated from my wife, a bright smile shone across her lips.
I pushed past Holmes and moved to block his path easily. “James, no.”
“There is no deed worth thanking me for, Thomas, I assure you.”
There was a caution behind his words that I did not recognise. As though the weight of the evening sat upon his shoulders, but the reason for it was unknown to me. Physical violence had not been perturbing to Holmes’ sensibilities in the past, nor the affairs of members of the establishment. His tone reminded me again of my confusion upon his acceptance of this case just a day prior. Why such diligence in a case he would often, otherwise, disregard with contempt, or solve in one evening?
“Gentlemen, I do hope you enjoyed your visit this evening. Miranda and I would love to have your company in a more modest setting in the future, if that suits you of course,” the young Lord expressed in earnest. Holmes’ expression was one of a studious nature, quite in contrast with our gracious host.
Silver grinned and kept talking. "It is truly a remarkable tale. But, work has now taken me back to the Empire.”
“Please, be safe,” I insisted, for I could feel the intensity with which my heart was breaking. The fact that my wife and Miranda were the first to enter this new stage in all our lives, this dangerous endeavour to which we had all assigned ourselves to—it sat deep, unpleasant in my chest.
“Do have a seat, Miranda, if you please,” Mary chimed in. Lady Hamilton gave her order of—a cup of Darjeeling—to the tea room waiter, and joined us at our table, removing her gloves.
The Earl took a breath in that moment, as if to take stock of the raw emotion flowing through his words. Such fervour ran through him, indicating to me just how invested he was in either protecting his son, or damning his daughter-in-law. By this point in the conversation, it appeared to lean toward the latter. He took a rather deep inhale, before continuing on with his statement.
There have been many times when I have felt fear while working on a case alongside Holmes. Whether it was at the sight of a monstrous hound lunging at an unassuming, traitorous man, or at the sound of a poison dart coming ever so close to taking my dear friend away from me forever; fear had become my companion nearly as much as Holmes has. I often thrived on it—for Holmes himself had once said that fear is what keeps us alert and careful like nothing else—but I had never felt quite as frightened as I did when observing Lieutenant James McGraw’s face that evening. It was not simple hatred or rage that darkened his features; it was something much deeper, hungrier within him, something that thirsted for blood and vengeance, that made unease shrivel up with pain in my gut. I tried, desperately, to tell myself I did not recognise this look, that I had not seen it in the mirror myself. I failed to do so.
“You stupid, ridiculous, impossible man,” she nearly cried, holding him in a tight embrace. “You could have gotten yourself
“I do have a different question for you, now, however,” I spoke again after tiring of the silence.
“And Jack’s beautiful shadow is Anne Bonny.” Max nodded to the thin ginger woman, who had single-handedly killed four men her size, and was now petting Jack Rackham’s head as if he was some kind of overgrown feline. Despite this, Anne Bonny was just as menacing and dark as she had been; she gave us a nod and said nothing.
Mary and Miranda walked up to their cottage and wished us a pleasant night. I realised then that the last of the three, the one at the end of the road with the great oak tree and the white wooden fence was the one that had been assigned to myself and Holmes. I had not questioned this; had not even considered what our living arrangements would be so far ahead. I wondered then, if Mary had known that the events of recent days would have had the effect of revelation I so experienced. Was my wife so astute in her knowledge of me, of Holmes, to know that the view of James and Thomas’ affections would hurl us out of our decades of hiding in shadow? The answer did not matter, I supposed. As the other five members of our strange new family ventured into the havens of their new homes, Holmes and I stood before our own threshold in silence for just a moment.
to be safe?”
“Are you being intentionally obtuse with me, or has all your previous comprehension of propriety left you in the night?” I did not wish to start a quarrel with him, and my tone was calm, but my nerves throughout their interaction could not be mended.
I awoke the next morning to a gentle tapping upon my arm.
“No one else knew the bloody plan!” He did not look my way, in favour of keeping his eyes on Silver. My heart raced, and I doubted anything I could muster from my words would be useless here. Was James so set in his mind that he would kill another man in a single night? Even a man he claimed to trust, a man who had called him a friend? My heart skipped a beat at the thought of it. The more his violence painted itself upon his face and his hands, the more I struggled to recognise this grizzled, hardened man who had once spoken so eloquently of philosophy, history, and civil rights in Thomas’ salon.
“So, Mr. Holmes, what information do you have to regale us with?” Silver asked, propping his foot up against the vanity beside him.
“And why’s that, doctor?” The sneer across her lips was subtle, yet sharp as a dagger.
Reynolds: Would you have any reason to suspect Viscount Henderson—a known colleague of yourself and your father—to spread such harmful falsehoods about Mr. Perry?
My breath caught in my throat, painful and raw. I hoped, I prayed to get out of this alive. I prayed to see those I loved again. I prayed for a final chance to hear Holmes’ voice again.
Sherlock’s eyes widen a bit at the forward nature of the statement, but knows to expect nothing less from the man in front of him.
“Much appreciated, Max,” James nodded and hissed as Miranda touched the alcohol-soaked cloth to his wound.
“This sounds like a sensible course of action. Goodnight, my friend,” I said as I entered the privacy of my bedroom.
“I’m sorry?”
A surprised jolt came over him at that as he inhaled, as though the words had awoken him from a dream.
“It will be fourteen years next winter.”
find both authors (phoenix and toni) on social media:
James huffed, though it was not convincing. The arrival of my friend had shaken him, and he now watched him with a keen eye; all the violence gone from his tense frame. “Last time I was in contact, I thought I had made it quite clear to you that I do not want you to involve yourself in this more than necessary.”
Footsteps approached hurriedly up the stairs as banging started on the doors of the hallway, getting closer to us. This could mean nothing but certain death. I could not let this happen; I had promised Miranda that I would avoid this outcome at any cost and I had failed but I could not let it cost us our lives. I caught James’ elbow and pulled him with some force.
“We faced some… injuries, and there were a few complications. The others stayed behind to find him,” I clarified.
We maintained polite conversation for the remainder of our meal. Mary’s estimation of our companion was, as it so often is, quite astute—Lady Hamilton was rather a remarkable woman. There was no doubt as to her intelligence and the strength of her character, yet it did not feel intimidating or wicked. Try as I might, I was struggling to see her as the scheming, adulterous she-demon that Alfred Hamilton had so vividly painted for Holmes and I.
“Why are you telling me this?” was the question my whirring mind landed upon.
“I left a note,” James grit through his teeth.
“I suppose that makes sense,” Sherlock responds before noticing the tone of his last statement. “Forgive my intruding, Thomas, but has something shifted in your feelings toward James?”
“Who is the man with the Lieutenant, do you think, Holmes?” I asked, keeping my voice low. “I cannot examine his rank mark from such distance.”
James did not meet my eyes, but I could see he was deep in thought. His fingers twisted the ring on his little finger absentmindedly. “Did I tell you the story of how I met John Silver, Doctor Watson?”
“We found your note,” Madi’s eyes moved to him. “You didn’t
“You do not have to do this, Doctor Watson. You are injured as well, after all.”
James laughed at this, a small, broken, wet sound. His eyes glistened in the dark. “He definitely would. You have spent
“This is ridiculous,” Vane snapped, the ferocity of which I was impressed by, considering the position he was in. “Why don’t you just say what this is about? Why don’t you just shoot me because I dared take your
“It was rather an eventful afternoon, you see,” he began, finding a seat in his chair as he buzzed with the energy of the day. “Given the political ventures of Thomas Hamilton within the offices of Whitehall, I gathered that a liaison of Lieutenant McGraw’s rank must have been provided accommodations around the area by the Royal Navy. I sent in an inquiry to the library for any housing records in the area with ties to the Navy, or any political figures tied to it, and discovered a list of possible lodging options within the neighbourhoods surrounding Parliament. After narrowing down the possibilities, with current tenant records, as well as the size needed for lodgings of a single man, I was able to discern where the Lieutenant resides.
“I don’t believe I have introduced myself to you properly, Lieutenant. I am Doctor John Watson, retired assistant surgeon for Her Majesty’s Army. I have heard how Thomas referred to you, but perhaps it is best that you announce yourself,” I spoke, offering the brooding man my kindest air along with a hand to shake.
I nearly ran into James’ back, who was frozen in place several steps outside the cottage’s garden gate. I opened my mouth to ask but I did not need to—for just outside, in the middle of the country road, I could see Miranda, clinging to Thomas Hamilton as if her life depended on it.
, one that put in grave danger that which the young, disgraced Lord held most dear?” Holmes looked at James, who had collapsed back into his seat, his hands shaking. In my friend’s eyes, I could see genuine regret and sympathy. “Thomas Hamilton was a shrewd man, Mr. Flint, and he knew, in precise terms, what that witness was to do the moment he took the stand. I daresay he was rather correct in his assessment. The damage wrought by that testimony, had it been allowed to happen, would have been catastrophic. For us all, but more than anyone else, you.”
“O-oh, well, first and foremost, Mr. Holmes, it is a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance. I admit, I have met your brother in the past, but my knowledge of you exists in little but the serials Dr. Watson publishes.”
Sherlock Holmes walked into my room in a swift motion, making his way to one of the chairs and sitting down. His breath moved through him quickly, and he did not meet my eyes.
“Say it again.” I had always known him to be an impatient man when regarding something he wanted, but before I thought such things existed only in the work of detection. To see the same want directed my way overwhelmed me, though I could not deny him.
The words
“How? I wrote such romantic, foolish musings in our younger years. I feared I had been so blatant it may incriminate me at any moment! You are ever so observant in your work, how did something so overbearing in my eyes elude you?”
Thomas’ face appeared to brighten from the approval bestowed upon him. “I pride myself on providing a comfortable space to explore freedom of thought and expression within these walls, despite the disapproval it may garner from certain parties that are best to remain nameless. And, as I already made clear, Mr. Holmes, I do insist you call me Thomas. There is no need for such formalities between friends, which I hope we are now. Dr. Watson, was your evening well spent?”
“John, my love, you must know I hold your comfort above many things in life. I assure you, if you relay to me your concerns in confidence, they will remain safe in my heart.” I knew her words held truth, and perhaps the intensity of the events today were clouding my better judgment that urged me to keep our case confidential. Something in the far reaches of my mind determined this was not a simple case of carelessness, however. With her knowledge of Lady Miranda Hamilton, Mary could certainly be of help in untangling this complicated knot. Besides—short of Sherlock Holmes—there was no one I trusted more in this world than my wife.
“You say one of your Irregulars gave you confirmation of Lady Hamiltons’ presence at the exhibition, yet that is hardly enough information for you to know of my new friendship with her. How did you manage to gain such intel, in truth, Mr. Holmes?” I must admit, I was equally curious about this matter. Holmes appeared to be behaving in a manner I had not seen in years; cryptic wording, high spirited movements. It was not an unwelcome change to his previous blue moods from inactivity, yet I couldn’t help but feel displaced by it.
For a moment, silence settled over us, during which Holmes examined each of our new companions with his inquisitive gaze. He and Madi locked eyes across the table and some minute battle of wits occurred between them, something incomprehensible to the both of us. Madi raised an eyebrow; Holmes gave a wry smile in return.
“Have you considered that the confidant you have found in the owner of this establishment may have ulterior motives?”
When they came together—with Thomas more or less leaping into James’ arms—it felt as if the entire world stilled and took a deep inhale. Or perhaps it was just us who did so, I am not sure. I knew for myself that I was witnessing a miracle.
“Information that may make you want to unhand your colleague here, at the very least. Watson?” Holmes turned his head toward me, without taking his eyes off James.
“Judging by his uniform, as well as the way McGraw is seated across him, I would wager him to be a superior of his. A Captain, at the very least, or even an Admiral. I would not think it matters much what he is, so much as who he is in relation to the Lieutenant.” Holmes leaned a bit closer to me, his weight bringing a comfort to this risk fueled evening. If I shifted to return the closeness, Holmes did nothing to mention as such. “Have you noticed how, when McGraw speaks, his attention can be rather intense? I have not had the pleasure to converse with the gentleman myself, however I am sure that his rapt and perceptive nature did not escape your notice. He is a quiet man, who prefers to listen rather than speak, even when in the company of a magnanimous persona such as Lord Thomas Hamilton. Observe him here, with this superior of his, Watson. This is perhaps the most comfortable I have ever seen the Lieutenant—as close, I would say, to having his guard down as this man could get. This leads me to deduce that the man opposite him is not merely a superior, but perhaps a friend, or even family. In either case, he is undoubtedly a man whose approval McGraw chases.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Holmes sighed. “As mentioned, his network of contacts was not to be underestimated. He had been doing the Earl’s dirty work for some time, in exchange for political favours. In Lord Ashbourne’s eyes, Mr. Flint and Lady Hamilton were nothing but loose threads that needed cutting.”
“Relax. No one knows you’re here.” The man next to me—Jack, it would seem—waved his hand. “They think we’re just common thieves, looking to rob some rich men out of the money they have earned by virtue of sitting on their arses. On any other day, they would not be wrong.”
“Yes,” I insisted helplessly. “Mary, you know as well as I do that the endeavour is dangerous in every stage that it is in. I am your husband; it is my job to worry after you.”
“Yes, I feel that is what is wisest now,” I confirmed. “Holmes is out as we speak, in search of an invitation he already possesses. Perhaps, in the interim, we should prepare for our evening plans.”
Recently involved in various political ventures in his Whitehall office, Hamilton provided testimony and evidence to deny Viscount Henderson’s claims of indecency against Perry. This included written correspondence between them, from no less than six months prior, in which it was clear that Perry was a man of high regard in the community. Given Lord Hamilton’s position of honour within the offices of Whitehall, as well as the concrete evidence provided at the witness stand, it seemed that any further questioning was unnecessary.
“Well, in short, because I believe that we have something you need, and you have something we need.”
It did not matter what influence or dark channels Miss Max could manipulate. It did not matter what influence Holmes or his brother yielded. Despite the fact that it had been years since his incarceration, the news of Thomas Hamilton’s resurrection would resurface in the darkest echelons of high society—and Holmes’ involvement in it would not be able to be ignored. Additionally, Lord Ashbourne and Lord Ashe’s deaths in tandem with such an event would tie him to their demise in an instant. If Holmes was not to return to London, then I certainly was not to do so either, for I stubbornly refused to be parted from him again. On top of that, I doubted the decimation of his career or reputation could leave me unscathed. If Holmes was to be forced out of London a second time, he would not leave without me.
And then they are alone. A clock ticks loudly in the parlour. It is a despicable sound. They must get rid of it as soon as possible. Perhaps chop it into firewood; perhaps gift it to one of the other houses. A memory arrives, unbidden, of Thomas’ clock in Peter Ashe’s parlour. Sherlock pushes it away and absent mindedly traces the pattern of his pipe with his thumb. He waits.
“Watson, thank the Lord you are punctual as ever. Apologies for my tardiness, for I have made some novel discoveries indeed.” The conviction within him was focused, eager to divulge to my attentive ear.
“Thank you very much, Mr. Silver.” She cast a long look over us. “I appreciate your assistance in this matter. However, you realise that I cannot in good faith release men who willingly sabotaged my allies’ industrial efforts.” Her eyes meet James’. “I cannot, in good faith, let the man who killed the Earl of Ashbourne walk free.”
I relayed what little information of the Hamilton affair I knew to Mary, in the hush of the tree cover and ambience of Hyde Park. In honesty, reliving the events by way of description alone gave me a new perspective to the start of my day. How odd the interaction between the Earl and Holmes was, the nature of the letter Holmes found so fascinating. The expression on Mary’s face changed as my story came to a conclusion.
here's chapter three! i hope you enjoyed, and leave a comment at the end if so!
I turned to look at him, and saw the reflective tears streaking his cheeks. I wondered if, had we been in daylight, I would have seen such emotion from him at all. Was it to the credit of darkness that a realisation of this magnitude was possible?
The first thing that hit me was the
The ladies did not, in fact, mind, which is how I found myself nursing a glass of rather excellent port in the Hamiltons’ parlour. The ornate clock beside the fireplace struck nine o’clock as the firelight danced and warmed me in equal measure with the alcohol. Thomas sat across me, his left leg draped over his right, the liquid in his glass twirling in an enticing display. I felt rather exposed when subjected to this man’s open, honest gaze, yet Thomas did not intimidate me. I felt that his mere presence beckoned honesty and openness.
Without another look at us, Eleanor opened the door and shot a glance over her shoulder before she walked out: “Kill them all.”
“Do not compare yourself to my father.” It is only now that a sharpness enters Thomas’ tone, one that is not directed at Sherlock but rather at the man whose actions initiated this entire ordeal. “I have been told of his fate and I would like to spare no thought for the man who did not find even a sliver of concern in his heart for his own son. You are nothing alike, Mr. Holmes.” Thomas’ eyes stare in the middle distance for a moment and it is as if he is shaking this anger, this violence off his shoulders. When he speaks again, his voice is calm. “I know what he threatened you with. I am aware whose life he chose to bargain with to gain your allegiance. I know, because -- and it is important that what comes next stays entirely between us, Mr. Holmes -- he threatened me with much the same.”
Bewildered, I observed, until I noticed James’ hand next to me. I grabbed it to stand up.
Blind to anyone else in the room, Silver hobbled over to the woman, grabbed her face in both of his and kissed her, wild and unashamed, his entire body unfurling with relief I had not seen in the man before.
I do not know what to make of this odd request, old friend, yet I had not the heart to refuse it to the poor sod, what in his state and all. I hope it is of some use to you and Holmes. Do write to me if there is any help you need or if you feel you can provide me with some clarification—which, of course, you do not need to feel obliged to give.
“This is certainly a lot of information a high-society London detective has, Mr. Holmes,” Silver sized Holmes up. “How was it that you got word of all these dark dealings?”
“Captain!” Silver’s collected tone sounded from behind James. His lip was split and the limp in his bad leg was far more pronounced than normal. He reached to grab James’ shoulder. “Flint, don’t—”
safety net. Inspired.”
I found myself turning my hands over themselves in thought at James’ reply, attempting to select my next words with care.
learned about it through Max’s people, but they never would rat you out. They know she would gut them if they tried.”
“What are we to do now?”
“Holmes, what in the world was that?”
“Yes, he is quite attached to this city now, it seems. Our work continues, much the same as before, nonetheless,” I replied. I wished not to imply our slowed business to the Lady, so as to avoid any suggestion that a new case could be of enough significance to discuss.
The two men who held Rackham and Vane at gunpoint turned around in alarm and both aimed at John Silver, who was now holding Holmes’ attacker’s gun in his hand.
“I take it the plan did not go as we thought it would?” Silver raised an eyebrow, clearly unperturbed by James holding him up against the wall. “And if you’re going to push me up against the wall, you’re gonna have to pay like everyone else I’m afraid. Though I might be willing to give you a steep discount.”
“So, what then? Did you just find all this out months ago and allow us to fall into the trap anyway? Just to prove how clever you are?” James said in a harsh, throaty tone. It was only when I peered up at his face that I noticed the shining wetness beneath his eyes.
“Quite right,” I concurred, and hit the reins against our horse ever so slightly to move toward it. The interior of the cottage was dark, but I leapt off our steed in haste anyway. I helped James down and wrapped my arm around him for balance. I knocked my free hand against the door, praying that it wouldn’t fall on deaf ears. At first, there was no response, but James removed his uninjured arm from its place on my shoulders and knocked a rhythm against the wood that was rather specific.
I have known my friend for nearly two decades now, and such an interaction—especially one with nobility—was unprecedented. Something in his mind was directing him to distrust this man beyond his typical disdain for aristocracy. I glanced over at the Earl, only to see a bewildered expression across his face. It remained for a moment, before fading into determination.
I could not speak past it. I only gave him a curt nod and he replied with the same. Then, I adjusted my grip on James’ faltering form and rode down the road, away from the burning train. I did not look back.
James abandoned whatever argument he seemed to be ready to start and we led the other two back to our horses. I rode with the man named Jack, while James was helped up on his stallion by his companion. We reached a clearing after ten minutes or so of high-speed riding which was when we felt it was safe enough to finally break the silence.
“I know,” James said and I turned to look at him, crouched beside the Earl’s writing desk. I did not realise I had said my thoughts aloud. “Just give me one moment.”
“Lord Ashbourne,” I interjected. “What is it that brings you to inquire after the aid of Holmes and myself?”
“Nonsense. Scratches and bruises aside, I am under an oath. I am the best suited individual in our current group to perform the stitches required here, anyway. Now, turn toward me, please.”
“It is all right, dear,” Madi said quietly. The way she squeezed the other woman’s hand did not elude me.
“Good morning yourself, Doctor. Have you perhaps come across James this morning?” The question fell from her lips as though she had asked it hundreds of times in her life and had always received the same, disappointing answer. She did not meet my eyes.
“Eleanor Guthrie?” The fire in James’ eyes returned then, and a hush came over his voice. Silver looked similarly shocked at this revelation.
As I did so, James followed me with his bright gaze. The silence between us weighed heavy and uncomfortable as I had made no comment in reply to his statement. “Thomas knew,” he said, finally. “He told me, that day when I went to see him after being in Holmes’ rooms. He was so utterly convinced of it, I could not disbelieve him.” James shook his head and laughed at the memory. “I know how you must feel, right now. I— felt much the same, many years ago. Uncertain. Afraid. Ashamed. But then, I met Thomas and I thought— I thought, how could it be wrong if a man such as he wanted the same? How could it be sinful? How could it be a crime? Every day in which I looked upon his face, my resolve crumbled. There is nothing to be afraid of. It is— liberating, once you let go of this fear. It opens your heart to affection you may not have seen before.”
“Get the
. As an army doctor, I thought I had seen the full extent of human misery, that nothing about how a man’s body could be mistreated could shock me anymore. Oh, how wrong I was.
Thomas huffs a laugh, mostly to himself. “I should have guessed. He feared the same, you know. John. He was so terrified of the thought I may have romantic inclinations towards him, he very nearly walked into my fireplace that evening. The evening before James came to Baker Street, I believe, and made everything ever so clear to John.” Gentle amusement twinkles in Thomas’ eyes now, as if through the reflection of the fire in the hearth. “I can swear to you, hand on my heart, that I have only ever seen John as a close friend and nothing more. At the time, my heart was so very occupied by what James and I shared that I did not feel I had the space for much else.” His smile disappears and gives way to some deep sadness.
As we entered the Red Lion, we were instantly greeted by the sight of a group of navy officers, loud and cantankerous as they so often are. Beside me, I could feel Holmes—tense and uncomfortable—as his eyes scanned the crowd of blue uniforms ahead of us. For a moment, I found myself dejected and upset, certain that we had picked the wrong establishment, only then to feel Holmes elbow my side and jerk his head to the side with triumph. Following his line of sight, I recognised the distinctive colour of Lieutenant James McGraw’s hair in an instant, seated across a man in a powdered wig, and engaged in what seemed to be an intense conversation. We both exhaled in relief and Holmes pulled us into a shadowed booth, far away from our target, yet with a clear line of sight to him.
“He has evaded the front door, it seems. Curious… Ah! He has positioned himself under a window. Lady Hamilton’s, I can only assume. He appears to be… whistling. Ah, of course! Hear that, Watson?” And almost outside my earshot I did indeed hear a faint whistle, which could have sounded like a bird, or the screech of a street carriage. A faint light appeared in the window that McGraw was standing under, and it blinked twice, as if someone was running a hand over a candle. “There he goes now, all the way back to the servant’s entrance. A gentle knock upon it … he is waiting, still and… there. McGraw was let in with ease and he did not even cast a glance back towards the street. Truly fascinating, Watson.” Holmes lowered the tool from his eyes in a slow movement, yet maintained his gaze upon the Hamiltons’ home for a moment longer.
“The fuck you do,” Vane growled.
she walked closer to us then, piercing eyes trained on Silver, then on James. She did not acknowledge me or Holmes, yet I feared one stray movement could be the end of us both.
“Just a little longer, my good fellow,” the man next to me said—some young corporal, taking me to safety, why wasn’t he running? “No time to die today I’m afraid.”
Holmes collapsed onto the sofa, his head in his hands. “It appears this is one failure of my work that you cannot report,” he said with a huffed, pained laugh. “Watson… I cannot state the depths to which I am sorry.” The mask so often adorned on his face—one of cold calculation, or enthusiasm from an investigation—had vanished. Below, I found the pure emotion held within the man I’ve known for so long. A quiver in the lip, a stammer in his speech, and all that managed to emerge through it was a burdened man I had made a mission out of protecting. “I thought it better to throw myself into the fire and loneliness than to consider taking you with me.”
John’s face twists at the request, and Sherlock’s stomach seems to match the conflict in equal measure. He is not afraid of Thomas, but he knows that, of their group, the two have shared the least words between one another. Sherlock is aware, rather acutely, how his actions five years ago were a hefty contributor to where all of them sit in this moment, and the reminder of such days weighs on him heavier than ever in Thomas’ presence.
“Excellent!” she chimed. Upon looking back at her as I put on my boots, I noticed her coat was already in her grasp, as though she knew of my plans before knocking.
I tried very, very hard to not think about whether, when he had said
It may have been the strength of the port, or the overwhelming lightness and warmth that came with the conversation, but I felt a smile spread across my face. “That is indeed very reminiscent of Holmes, for I sometimes fear he may starve to death if I am not around to call on food for him.”
Conversation flowed with ease between us. Thomas, much like in his salon, was ready to tackle complicated subjects and conduct deep philosophical discussions, only to ask whether I would like another serving of pork in the same breath. It impressed me, how he turned complicated discourse into small talk, how carefully he pried open our sensibilities and then questioned them with care and curiosity. Oftentimes, Miranda would put her hand on his shoulder to serve as a reminder for him to take a bite of his meal before it went cold—he would so enthuse himself talking that he would forget we were having dinner.
“If all those steps go as we hope, then the only thing left to chance is the response of Lord Ashbourne,” James said, the name on his lips emerging like a thick ooze of hatred from deep within him.
“But do you want me to?”
“Not on my watch, mate.”
that John and Harry got along? And wasn’t it also
They lay together in silence, in what John was sure should have been awkward and unwelcomed. He was practically lying in Sherlock’s arms, after all. But he was too much at ease to protest. He never really thought of himself as one to seek safety and comfort in the arms of another—he was far more likely to offer it—but he craved it now. He hoped only that Sherlock wouldn’t pull away too soon, and he felt guilty for being so needy. Maybe it was biology, the bond, some Alpha-Omega mumbo jumbo. Maybe it was something else.
Another Alpha had passed this way, not long ago. Not Dr. Stapleton, he would have recognized it. Someone he’d never met. But there . . . he took a few steps into the trees. There she was, the Alpha-X scent. A few days old, but Sherlock’s senses were very sharp. Yes, it was definitely her, and she was definitely here. Another dozen paces, and—he inhaled deeply—
they’re rapists?”
“A case,” said Sherlock. Then he threw a sideways smirk at John and asked, “Coming?”
“Yes. An Alpha-X. I can’t really stomach the thought of even being around the Ys anymore.” She smiled apologetically at Sherlock. “Present company excluded.”
down there! All of him! He saw it, felt it, knew it to be his own. Infused with joy, he gave himself an affectionate pat on the head (as it were), like shaking hands with an old friend. Then his head fell back to the bank and he started laughing. He punched the night sky and gave a loud whoop, then continued to laugh so hard he almost cried.
Have I done something? Said something?”
The feeling of nausea only intensified.
“So I’m going to protect you. Keep you safe.”
“You didn’t change my password. Did you?”
At midnight, exactly, John’s alarm went off in his pocket. He let go of the railing, and fell.
“Bart’s?” Sherlock said, breathless.
“Theoretical,” Dr. Stapleton said, “in that we have not designed any sort of experiment capable of verifying the hypothesis. It all exists in the realm of speculation. Not fanciful speculation, mind you. We base our speculations on highly advanced equations and thoroughly worked mathematics, which all seem to suggest the very real probability of many interacting worlds.”
What did he say or do to make you fall in love with him in . . . how many days before you—before you two—?”
The morning was filled with strawberry-scented bubbles, hot tea, an Antiques Roadshow marathon indulgence.
“Are you still worried about . . . ?” Sherlock’s eyes shifted to Lestrade, then away again just as quickly. He waved his hand through the air like shooing away a fly. “Yes, of course, I do, don’t be an idiot. Lestrade, you go ahead. We’ll be just behind.”
“Yeah. Three of them.” At her widening eyes, he continued, “I believe it was the same three that went after you. I’m so sorry, Molly. May I call you Molly?”
body. It’s his. And believe me, he—
Of course, that all depended on what John meant by “set things right.” Did
do what’s right by our Omega brothers and sisters.
“You know. Like we lost the connection.”
“Nope,” said Sherlock simply.
“Because . . .” He searched for the words. “Look, no offense, but I’ve never kissed a bloke before. And if I ever do . . .”
“Oh. I see.” But the doctor obviously didn’t. “Good thing you were there to save him, then, Mr. Holmes.”
He regretted the hastily scribbled letter he had left for Sherlock on the kitchen table before sneaking away. It wasn’t enough. It was nowhere
Spluttering, John tried to explain: “I’ve never done it like this before, you know? I’m not sure how, erm, how everything is supposed to work.”
“Why is this so hard!” Sherlock suddenly exploded, shocking even himself. But something had been unleashed, and despite half of him being horrified and begging him to rein it in, the other half was an engine that had just been kicked into life. “Why won’t you talk to me? Why won’t you let me talk to
John closed his eyes; it looked like he was also biting his tongue. “Sure,” he said at last, and sipped again. Sherlock could have sworn he was straining not to wince, like he was swallowing something bitter, not sweet.
“Let’s hear it then.”
“Body first, then witnesses,” said Lestrade, pointing to the ground, rather unnecessarily, to indicate the corpse. “Theodore Planter, works here at the zoo in the elephant yard. Nothing particularly skilled, he cleaned the cages and sometimes hosed down the animals. Usually clocks in at eight o’clock in the morning, but this is how he was found just before sunup. Probably here all night. Records show he clocked out yesterday at five. 999 got the call this morning, and first officers on the scene called me in on suspicion of foul play, the most obvious point being—”
“Exactly. Let’s do it again.”
as a feeling of freedom rang through his bones, and Sherlock saying,
Eventually, Sherlock caught the unbonded Alpha bastards. Of course he did. It was his job. But he was driven by more than vocation. As an Alpha with a bond-mate, he had suffered the personal revulsion and vindictive spirit inspired by the very thought of a severing, and that forced him to endure long stretches on little sleep and to take irregular meals while he hunted the Alpha pack down. During those long weeks, he made John promise to stay in the flat, even during the day, for his own peace of mind as well as John’s assured safety. He couldn’t bear the thought that something so vile and vicious might happen to his bond-mate. So it was with vengeful pleasure that he had chosen to witness the Alpha pack’s public castrations in person, rather than just on telly.
And John, who had no idea what he was doing, went to the only place in London he could think of where one might begin collecting stories of any sort: the London Library.
And John could feel it—the people wanted him to win. Him, John Watson, the Omega that overnight had become a symbol for all Omegas. Because if he could emerge from this victorious, the
“Now now,” said the doctor, “that’s Dr. Stamford to you, Mr. … ?”
as it is in your own universe. The furniture the books on the shelves, the rugs on the floor, everything.” He spun. “Then we sit you there, in your chair. You said yourself that’s where you and your Sherlock talk. My John is bound to sit there, same as you. You’ll match up, this universe to that, and
suggest?”
“—suicidal.”
“Observe.”
His vision whited out. White noise filled his ears. He tried to move, but his feet were stuck; he tried to speak but his throat was stoppered. John. Right there. Right in front of him. His John.
“Shit.” She laid down her three sevens. Then she chuckled to herself a little and swallowed some tea. “All right, hit me. What’s your question?”
. . . and the deep-down ache had reawakened. What he had mistaken for an upset stomach and blamed on food poisoning, he knew, more instinctively now, what it was his body really desired. But he resisted. He shifted, tried to unfold himself from Sherlock’s embrace without waking him, and flee to the bathroom. He may have succeeded, too, if not for a particularly painful cramp that arrested his body in the second before he was to make his escape. He curled inward, gasped, and in the next second, Sherlock’s hand had dipped down and fondled him tightly. A nip at his neck, and then Sherlock’s lips at his ear, saying, “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.” And the resistance melted, just as before.
Sherlock seemed determined to not answer.
and now would never know if Wing Commander Max Hancock would escape the volcano lair where he was being held captive by a native tribe on whose island he had crashed in trying to return to Trixie Sandberg before her litter was born. He had come back for Sherlock. Because he had believed there was something more to come back to. But it was as he suspected. Just as he had feared.
The men all laughed.
Though he had some nasty bruising, ultrasounds revealed that the damage was not extensive or terribly dangerous, and the bleeding would likely stop on its own. They would monitor him overnight, just to be sure, and discharge him in the morning when doctors gave him the all clear.
“John, don’t be absurd. What Omegas attend their Alphas’ dog fights? I mean, how uncivilized would
“It’s for your own good, John,” said Dr. Stapleton.
“I don’t like those odds.”
“I see. Well. Why don’t we sit down, and you can explain your project to me. And we’ll see what I can do to help you get started.”
Eyes widening with confusion, she stared at him and gave a little shake of her head. “What do you mean?”
“I told you. Marylebone—”
had been the symptoms of an apparent sexual identity crisis?
“Uh huh, uh huh, and Mr. Planter, he assisted with the bathing?”
“What?”
“What’s our time?” he asked. He was finding it difficult to get a good, calming breath.
“What if she did?”
Yes. Yes of course. He jumped off the bed and unzipped his trousers, quickly shucking them and tossing them in a corner with no embarrassment whatsoever, not until he returned to the bed, upright on his knees, and saw John’s expression: it was fixated on his obvious interest, and his mouth had gone slack as he stared in disbelief. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it.
Sherlock. Oh, all the things he had to tell him! All the adventures he wanted to share! He wanted to stay awake and talk until his voice was hoarse. He wanted Sherlock to listen with rapt attention, smile at him, ask him questions, and be impressed by all he had seen and done.
“I thought you had to find them,” John said. “I mean, isn’t that what you’ve been trying to do?”
. But then, what?
“Um . . . No, I wouldn’t say that. I don’t want things to just go back to the way they were, you know? I want a
. In essence, it’s the notion that a state of perfection, on both a microcosmic and macrosmic level, is both possible and desirable, and that the forces in the universe are in constant motion to achieve it.”
It was another victory.
“Universes.”
“Out,” said John.
amination, rather. But the temptations didn’t stop with touch. Standing behind John, while he spread his fingers wide and slid them across John’s shoulder blades, push to the shoulders, he imagined going further still until his hands and arms wrapped around to John’s front and Sherlock could just
“You called
the tiger cages and is rather a single, non-digested piece,” Sherlock finished for him. “Yes, I see that. And yet, someone wants us to believe this was a tiger attack. Clearly a murder.”
“Are you, John?”
, he had been making a full English breakfast for both himself
. You will
But John must have found the clothes laid out for him, because just seconds later, the door closed again, softly.
“Where were you born?”
“Mm.”
“How do you know!”
But once they reached the crime scene outside of the tiger cages—roped off with yellow police tape—he put John to the back of his mind and entered that much more familiar and comfortable mode of deduction. The police had finished snapping photos of the body and were now photographing everything else, Lestrade was gesturing Sherlock and John forward, and Anderson, fully suited in plastic, was standing huffily on the sidelines, having been told to wait his turn.
me my John slept with your Sherlock!
. He had one hour to shrink his penis, stretch himself to a level of sufficient accommodation, and reignite his heat.
. I know what you mean to do to him, to get
“The mirror tonight,” Sherlock said, pulling on his gloves. “Didn’t you say you’d rescheduled?”
“Oh!” She jumped when she checked her watch. “Is it two already? John, baby, I’ve got to run. Clara needs me to pick her up from yoga, and we’re going shopping for that new mattress, at last. Finally convinced her that spending a thousand pounds on a mattress is an
At first, he thought, with mixture of exasperation and amusement, that John had at some point while at the zoo grabbed a map of the park or a pamphlet about the wonders of elephants. But when he turned them over, he froze. These were not zoo pamphlets. One was titled
what I’m saying.” He took a deep breath. Why was this so hard to communicate? “Look, Sherlock, the . . . the sex was good. Fantastic.
John’s body stilled completely. Warm relief washed through him like an electric wave. He felt himself turning full trust and confidence over to his Alpha.
But John didn’t cower. “Don’t patronize me. What’s going on?”
As the hours wore on and the nights and days passed, they would assume other positions, try new things. John had discovered a certain liking for being on top and riding him to heaven while Sherlock stroked his cock and groaned out his own fulfillment. There was the one where Sherlock sat with his back against the headboard and John fully seated in his lap. There was the wall, and the shower, and sofa, and the table. But always, at some point, they returned to this, just this, lying in bed, facing one another, and making love as they kissed.
No, there were no sirens in pursuit, no cops charging after him, or fingers pointing at him down the street, marking his dodgy steps and shifting eyes. Yes, it had been a measly 15 pounds (and he promised himself he’d pay it back, just as soon as he was able), but it wasn’t just the drive-and-dash. It was the dreadful realization that he had no safe haven. The two people he had always relied on for security, whom he had trusted heart and soul, had within an hour of each other rejected him, cast him out, closed the door. His Omega resources had inexplicably disappeared. When he had reached St. Margaret’s by foot (having taken the long way around), he had been stunned to find no marked entrance for Omegas, and the woman behind reception had seemed so puzzled, so concerned, and the moment she had offered to refer him to the psychiatric ward, he did what he had done in the taxi—fled, as though from an explosion.
“If you could issue the challenge in her name, and not even be bonded, and if John could decide that being Omega didn’t matter and join the dog fight anyway, then what the hell was I doing? It should have been three against three.”
“What?”
With a snort of derision, Sherlock shook his head, saying, “They were suicides, John. I had no hand them.”
“I know, I know,” John said, scratching excitedly onto the paper:
Sherlock’s hands moved down to John’s jaw, then his throat. He could smell the scenting. Bastards! One of them had scented him! Sherlock growled, pulled the neck of John’s shirt to his shoulder to expose the bond mark he himself had first made seven years ago, and bit down firmly, his teeth finding their own grooves with ease.
enough. Maybe Sherlock had already discovered it. It was quite possible. Mirror conversations didn’t usually last terribly long, after all, and nearly an hour had passed. Maybe he was already on his way to the bridge.
It was three hours before she bothered to text back.
worried about them! I
He felt wounded. Betrayed. Hurt. He felt like he had been cheated on and dumped and dismissed and laughed at. He felt rejected and alone and undesirable. And all this just days after he had admitted to himself what he felt, and who he wanted, more than anything, more than anyone. He knew Sherlock had no obligation to him. They weren’t a couple! John had said so himself more times than was necessary. So, reasonably, Sherlock was free to do as he wished. To do
. What was he thinking, that they were fated to . . . to meet, and be . . . become . . . whatever they were?
. But it was an undeniable truth: the single bullet had come from a single assault rifle, the result of a trigger pulled by a single enemy soldier who may or may not have watched him fall, and may or may not have felt the thrill of victory at another man’s demise. John had never thought of the man behind the weapon before, but now, at Sherlock’s words, he tried to picture a face, and it wasn’t the face of an Afghan soldier. It was his father.
But things didn’t start off the way he expected. The first thing Sherlock did, which surprised John, was lay his right hand on John’s left shoulder, while his thumb grazed the old bullet wound, two-and-a-half inches northeast of his heart. He’d seen it already from the back, where the scar tissue was more of a disaster and therefore probably more interesting. But from the front, it was just a small round hole that had healed over with tight, rough, shiny skin. Sherlock wasn’t looking at it with the same level of curiosity as he had the back. Instead, there was an air of . . . what as that? Reverence? Surely not.
“Do you swap positions, each taking turn, or—”
from? He felt a sudden and desperate urge to crawl into a hole and die, if only to spare himself from John’s inevitable eye roll or scorn. But maybe he hadn’t picked up on it? Maybe he would just let it pass, and they could go on pretending he wasn’t Britain’s biggest doofus making the English-speaking world’s saddest puns . . .
“Sherlock!” John cried, because the car was still rolling as Sherlock popped open the door, and it looked like he was planning to tuck and roll.
“Dr. Stamford, regarding the scent inhibitor: what side effects, if any, have you observed in trials?”
Sherlock’s lips found the back of his neck before answering. “We’ve just become godfathers.”
“I’ve set up a meeting for tomorrow. She lives in Exeter, so I’ll be taking the morning train.”
“Come again?”
“What’s your speciality?”
In his mind’s eye, like standing outside of himself, Sherlock could see it happening—John touching his cheek, guiding him closer, their mouths would touch, their lips would part, it would be a reunion like they’d never had, and this would be what John had meant about kissing and intimacy, he was going to show Sherlock exactly what he’d been missing, and Sherlock realized he wanted it, he wanted to find out, he wanted to put his mouth on John’s mouth, and—
John felt the ache in his chest ease a little, until:
Sherlock nodded, accepting his decision. “Like we planned then.”
Because it certainly hadn’t looked like this the last time he had popped off to the loo!
. It’s not about him. It rarely even touches on his personal life. It’s about
Gently, Sherlock brushed a thumb across it and watched John’s face for a reaction.
He just hoped he wasn’t making a bigger mess than he had made already by saying what he did next.
“Well, we’re not bonded at all. Like that.”
John . . . he couldn’t remember the last time he and Sherlock had walked hand in hand. He couldn’t remember if they ever
John squeezed her hand back. “We’re going to be all right, eh? Things will be okay.”
With an equally put-upon sigh, John stood and untied the belt of his dressing gown. Then he tossed it to the chair and sat on the stool, extending his right arm for examination.
“About what?”
There was a beat. Then Sherlock chuckled lightly, and John joined him. For the first time that day, he felt some of the heaviness in his chest lift a little.
“Wait’ll ol’ Roger hears we caught him.”
“Go on.”
“No,” he whispered. “Where did he go?
“I expect a crowd, certainly.”
At last, the doctor spoke. “Mr. Watson, do you identify as transsexual? Transgender?”
John had nowhere to run. Behind him was a wall of concrete, and before him another wall of flesh. Before he could even try to break through it, they had grabbed him. He wrenched himself to and fro, trying to break their hold, but he felt weak. This body! With its reduced height and weight, he also had reduced muscle size and strength. And the Alphas were
John looked at the clock. He had twenty minutes, maybe. Probably less. Trembling with nerves, he returned to the bathroom and grabbed a jar of petroleum jelly (he hadn’t even known they owned a jar of jelly before now) and then closed himself into the bedroom. He pulled the curtains closed so only a single, narrow strip of light could pass through, and turned down the bed. Taking several long, steadying breaths, he started to derobe. First, he unbuttoned his shirt and draped it over the back of a chair. His shoes and socks came off next, set neatly along the wall. Finally, he pulled off both trousers and underwear and crawled to the center of the bed. He left the lights off. The dark would hide his cock. Until Sherlock went looking, that was.
It wasn’t the only scar Mr. Watson had bequeathed his son, but he had cover stories for those, too, even for the few in places Sherlock simply wasn’t allowed to see.
They laughed together, and John let the letter fall onto the coffee table so he could take Sherlock’s face in his hands and snog him properly. It was all the signal Sherlock needed to grab John’s lower back, lift and shift his hips, and press his back down onto the sofa where Sherlock stretched himself out on top of him.
Shifting into second, then third gear, the cabbie looked at him curiously through the rearview mirror. “Cycle, huh?”
“Think of it like this. Imagine two worlds with a high percentage of correspondence. That is, features in one world corresponding to features in another. An England in Universe A, and an England in Universe B. An Einstein here, an Einstein there. Or, if you’d prefer, a Sherlock Holmes A and a Sherlock Holmes B.”
John smirked, then crunched the note into his fist. It must have been something exciting, something to pull him out of the flat before dawn. John was one part grateful Sherlock hadn’t woken him, remembering he had work at the surgery that morning, and two parts disappointed that he didn’t get to go. He liked being a doctor—loved it, actually—but sometimes he felt like a stodgy old man compared to Sherlock, what with the money-making, bill-paying, milk-buying, newspaper-reading, boring old flatmate, while Sherlock went to the playground to horse around with the other troublemakers and come home with bumps and bruises and splashes of mud and blood but grinning like a mischievous young cad.
That’s when he noticed the scar in his palm. It looked like a clean slice, stitched neatly, leaving behind a pink ridge of skin. It was new, but not exactly fresh. How had he come by it?
Suddenly, he was dropped to the ground as a body slammed into the Alpha directly above him. John wheezed and rolled to his side, hugging his body to the earth and cringing in pain, as all around him, he heard snarls and growls and punches and grunts. But no one was touching him. His eyes snapped open.
His muscles became heavy and immovable as stone. He wasn’t even able to move his eyes to track her movement as she came around the table. Then, with an open-handed palm, she cracked him across the face. Twice.
Eyes flashing, John squared his shoulders and seemed to stand taller. “They did
But in the end, Mr. Geraets was arrested for the murder of Theodore Planter, and following that came the confession: During an altercation about elephantine respect in the elephant enclosure, where Mr. Planter was pitching hay, Mr. Geraets had lost his temper, and in the process of trying to fire Mr. Planter (whom he had no authority to fire), he had tried to wrest the pitchfork from Mr. Planter’s grasp. In the ensuing brawl, somehow, Mr. Planter was stabbed: the outermost prong of the pitchfork was thrust through his throat under the jaw and straight up into his brain. Within seconds, Mr. Planter was dead. And Mr. Geraets panicked.
She came storming into the flat—
The Army had changed things, to a degree. Physical training and a regimented diet couldn’t make him taller, but it gave him angles instead of curves, muscle instead of baby fat, and most importantly, he no longer felt like a man trapped in a boy’s body. It had been a year now, since he’d been shot and invalided home, and he had lost some of what he had gained in terms of both bodily definition and confidence. Not entirely, of course. He was still active and healthy. But some of the old insecurities had returned, reawakened under the scrutiny of Sherlock’s gaze.
Downstairs, the door fell shut with a bang.
“I see.”
“Be sure to hit the water feet first,” said Sherlock, “to transfer as much energy as you can to parts of your body better equipped to withstand impact. Tuck in the elbows, cover your mouth and nose—”
Maybe he
“Which morgue?”
“It’s just, some of my partners aren’t comfortable with . . . That is, they don’t always react well when they see . . .”
“Too debilitated,” John repeated. “What does that mean, exactly?”
But . . .
love him.” But Sherlock was somber as he spoke. “It just took him a while to realize it. And frankly, I think he’s scared shitless by it. And Sherlock?”
“Murderers don’t take a holiday, I’m afraid,” said Lestrade. “Sorry.
of a pistol, and the cabbie flew back, and John ducked out of sight, heart racing but hands steady, and he knew with certainty that he would do it again, if he must. To protect this man he had just met, this incredibly brilliant and charming and captivating man, he would do it all over again, no matter the cost.
Harry was simultaneously rubbing his back and stroking his hair. “You’re okay, pumpkin, you’re going to be okay.”
“What? John
“Oh yes, absolutely. We all agree: Alphas like that are despicable, their actions reprehensible. It’s why we have laws—”
But his mirth was cut short by the thought—what does a Beta partner do, when his Omega goes into heat?
“Yes, he
Unless . . .
Sherlock did want. But it was strange. He didn’t prod or poke at it with his fingertips, like he had been doing with the other scars. Instead, he flattened his hand and laid it over the whole healed wound, like a warming pad. And he just held it there. John held his breath. What was Sherlock doing? What was he thinking? What was he . . . feeling?
“Where you were standing, how you were standing, what time you were there. Maybe even what you were wearing. Everything you can think of.”
“Yes,” said John with a wise and decisive nod, “let’s play.”
“If it weren’t for her,” said John, as they returned from the funeral, “if she’d not been renting, we never would have met.” He threw his jacket on the sofa and stood in the center of the sitting room, looking around, trying to remember that first day, so many years ago.
“There’s that, yes. But I’m not going just to be kind. I want to make sure the treatments to counter the bond have worked. And I sort of made her a promise.”
“First, the rules,” said Sherlock, fully embracing the nature of gameplay. “You won’t tell me outright. But do I get to ask questions?”
“Oh. What would you say—?”
“Right. Normal. Like, Beta normal?”
“Dilation seems okay. Any dark spots? Double vision?”
“I don’t think—”
As the day progressed, John forced the misstep into the back of his mind as he followed Sherlock around the city, interviewing a series of tattoo artists, getting tips from a handful of homeless men and women, and grabbing a quick bite to eat from a food truck. Now, they were back in the flat. It was late, but Sherlock was showing no signs of tiring. He had printed off images of the man’s tattoos and was tacking them to the wallpaper.
Minutes passed, and though he was still flush with fever and his muscles trembled from clenching and unclenching in irregular spasms, the pain had subsided, and he could breathe. He kicked his trousers and pants aside, wiped, and stood on shaky legs. And then, the doctor in him made him look into the contents of the bowl to see if he could determine just how—
“You said it first,” she laughed. “But more to the point. Your Omega claims to be from a parallel dimension. He believes he has actually undergone
like John.” The hands gripped his head harder and began to tremble, a mixture of anger and fear. “Then why can’t I believe you are really him?”
Hands gripping the rail behind him, John looked over his shoulder to where Sherlock stood behind him, holding him at the waist.
rare. And let’s face it. The theory is nigh unto impossible to test, no matter what the numbers say. But chances are,
“Nothing, nothing, it’s, uh, it’s . . .”
Sherlock sighed into John’s mouth. He was recovering himself quickly. With the penchant of a genius in love, he was a quick study of the art of kissing, and he followed John’s lead with gusto. Soon, he was cupping John’s head with both hands as though to keep him from wandering away, and their mouths moved together, kissing fervently, hungrily. Filled with the burning need to fully express his desire, John ventured forward with his tongue, suggestively, and when it met Sherlock’s, warm and wet, Sherlock groaned, quaked, and pulled back, breathing hard. His pupils were blown wide with want, but also amazement, because Sherlock Holmes had never before known the sweet wonder of a kiss.
John started giggling.
“I could do that.” He gave John an imperious stare. “Or, you could just tell me.”
. That had been some other John Watson. The world
He reviewed in his mind what had just—and he meant
“John.”
“I’m trying to help!”
That said, he had no idea what to do next.
“Language, dear.”
“Sherlock, this was . . .” John trailed off, seeming a bit embarrassed (though it was hard to tell if he was blushing under the zebra blood), but at a pointed look from Sherlock he finished. “Fun. Maybe, I dunno, I can come along on the next one?”
, let alone an Alpha, what I do in my own time? If I want a drink, I’ll goddamn have a drink.”
Note: My version of the Omega Verse may be slightly different from other stories you’ve read. This chapter notes some of those differences. Sorry for the information dump!
of them his. Breathing hard, he burst out the front door and into the streets. The skies were filled with sprawling webs of crackling light.
He fought his way to the door, past a dozen Sherlocks on the staircase. They weren’t his, they were
John tipped his head, and Sherlock opened his eyes, looking at John like he was a wonder of nature that even the great Sherlock Holmes couldn’t unravel. Both were amazed by the other, astounded and incredulous that this thing between them that each desired . . . was real. It didn’t feel real. John wondered if maybe he were in a dream.
And his reflection’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline.
“Where are we going?”
And he turned and ran.
Molly ducked her head, blushing, but her hand was atop Lestrade’s on the table, and she gave it a little squeeze.
“Mm,” said Sherlock, noncommittally.
“I am
“Some Omegas get worried. But don’t fret. The scent inhibitor is most definitely temporary. Thank you.”
They hadn’t talked about it, Sherlock and John. Not really. Since last night’s confession, they’d barely said a word to each other. Sherlock was beside himself. Once he had pulled himself together, he went for a long walk, alone, and when he came back, he glanced John’s way only briefly before retreating to the bedroom. That night, John did sleep on the couch; Sherlock made no invitation or insistence to join him again. It was a testament to John that Sherlock really did believe him. It should have come as a relief. But as much as he hated to admit it, it hurt, just a little, to be left out of the bedroom. The charade was over, as well it should be, and it’s not like John
“How will we know?”
From behind, he couldn’t help but examine Sherlock: his shoulders seemed broader than he expected, perhaps, but otherwise it was the same dark, curly head, the same pale skin, the same narrow waist, easy to wrap arms around, easy to hold and feel the warmth of . . .
Or . . . used to be.
“Stay. The fuck.
Fuck.
“I’ll have something for you by morning.”
Sherlock started with the fingers of John’s right hand, beginning with each nail, probably each
Like a good little Omega, John made breakfast, and like an appreciative bond-mate, Sherlock ate it. Sherlock read the morning paper, and John pulled out the other John’s laptop and tapped in the password: Sherlock41.
Sherlock almost laughed at the interruption. “What?”
John paused. Lifted his eyes. Frowned.
She was certainly calmer now; he could smell it. And though she looked a little nervous, she agreed, saying, “Will you stay?”
“Just do it already.”
John 1:
“How is that possible?” asked Byron.
“You’re right, John,” Sherlock said at breakfast the next morning, breaking into his soft-boiled egg.
They crept down the hallway and around corners, John stifling yawns in his free hand and trying to pull himself into full alertness more quickly. His other body was more adept at shocking itself awake.
“Me too.”
“Not at all. My work is in London.”
And waited.
“Nothing. Let’s go.”
who wouldn’t even let me see you!”
, he thought,
Sherlock shot forward in the couch, inadvertently bringing John with him. “Wait, is
obvious, that within mere hours he would once again be transformed into little more than prey for the hunt or an apple for the picking? Something rose up inside of him, unable to be tamped down, and he shouted, “No!” and twisted away from the portly man’s soothing hands.
For his own part, John held tight to Sherlock, arms encircling him over the shoulders and around his neck. Then he buried his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, and when he breathed in, his whole body shuddered, because
Softly, he slipped out the bed, making sure not to disturb his sleeping companion; but Sherlock didn’t stir. Easing open the door, he padded his way down the hall and into the sitting room. What he wanted was a scotch, but that was out of the question. Telly was rubbish. Even the tea didn’t seem as strong, though he conceded that that might have been in his head. So he sat in his chair, staring longingly at the empty one right across from him and thinking about the Sherlock he had left behind, and the confession he had uttered. He wondered if Sherlock were looking for him, too, even if he didn’t feel things . . . that way.
, what did you do with the body?”
“Yeah, well.” Mind Palace John sighed and shook his head. “You can delete things, Sherlock. But I can’t. I’ll always know. And
“It’s unnecessary. If I’m decapitated and only a corpse left behind, as per your horrible scenario,
“Oi, you there!”
“Who? Sherlock and me?”
“Yes, it is,” Sherlock said vaguely. He seemed more interested in tuning the E-string.
“He would resent me for desiring it, even thinking about it. He’d hate me for having done it with his doppelganger because I believed it was him. He would be so disgusted. It would be enough for him to move out, trust me. I can take hatred and disgust from anyone, but not John. He simply cannot know that, that, that . . .”
And suddenly, his lips were moving.
He started by ransacking her paper files, then rummaging through her bins, then hacking into her computer, collecting data in his head and organizing it into neat little rows of pertinent and not-evidently-pertinent-but-you-never-know. And it was while combing through her emails regarding correspondences with the Western Americans and New Russians and Japanese that she had mentioned, that he came across a sent but never answered email to the elusive Serebryakov, metaphysicist extraordinaire:
Perchance, I would have noticed Holmes walk up beside me had I not been so overcome with McGraw’s tone. As he entered my vision, however, another voice carried across the parlour.
“Eleanor,” Silver started with the now familiar, placating tone. “You don’t have to—”
Whilst he has been left without words so often in this interaction up to this point, this is one response Sherlock is able to relay in an instant.
“It seems Mary and myself did more of the detection today than you have, Holmes.”
Several times throughout the course of the evening, Thomas had referred to McGraw as his friend, in a brotherly, warm manner. It did not escape my notice that Miranda was quiet at any mentions of the Lieutenant, becoming rather enraptured with her food, thereby making something unpleasant coil deep in my stomach. I had been hoping that—despite the mounting evidence in favour of it—the rumours of an affair would return unfounded after all. Alas, Miranda’s behaviour did little to dissuade my doubts of Lieutenant McGraw’s place in her affections. Several times, I caught her glancing at Thomas with concern when he mentioned his friend’s name, though Thomas himself seemed oblivious to it. Thinking of the reasons behind this look in her eyes made the food I was eating turn into ash in my mouth. It was not fair, I thought in desperation, that two people as bright as them would be embroiled in such an unpleasant affair. If only there was a way for love to function differently!
“James, the entire house will be upon us in mere minutes!” I could scarcely breathe with the anxiety tearing through my gut. “The gunshots—”
This marks the true end to Sherlock Holmes and the Lord in Disgrace.
“Our family’s misery is all to be attributed to that wretched woman he calls a wife,” he began again. If I did not know better of English nobility, I would have said the word ‘wife,’ had been spat across his teeth. “I know you are less… involved in the talk among the more bureaucratic circles, Mr. Holmes, so you may be unaware of how the Hamilton name has sat in many people’s mouths recently. There are… unsavoury rumours… about her behaviour. About the kind of impropriety she embarks in behind closed doors. The shame she brings about to our family name with these whispers alone cannot stand! And worst of it all, Thomas seems to be entirely unaware of the damage that is doing to our—to his—legacy. Perhaps, if my son was to know the disparity she could bring to us, to our name, to our work, he would have the decency to keep her away from polite society.”
“No need for any formal wear. Here you are,” he continued, tossing me a warm set of pyjamas and a red dressing gown. It appeared that Mary and Miranda had stocked the cottage in advance.
Yesterday morning, the jury of the recent trial Perry v. Henderson
R. J. Fillingsworth
, I realised. Holmes cleared his throat and continued.
“I have read of you in Dr. Watson’s stories. You introduced him to Sherlock Holmes.”
What my wife referred to in the hush of the park, was not unknown to me. Our own marriage was one of unspoken words and hidden truths we so often worked to protect. Alone, we were two lost members of London’s populace, the slightest shift in behaviour, the smallest misstep, able to destroy our lives with the rumours born of it. Therefore, I maintained her image within society, and she offered me the same courtesy. If the Hamiltons had a similar arrangement within their marriage—though perhaps one not as damning as ours—a case of their scandal could prove disastrous for us both, indeed.
“The pleasure is all mine, Mrs. Mary Watson,” Silver interrupted with a grin. The sly, devious smile appeared to be a permanent fixture on his face, the same as his pointed blue eyes or his strong brow. He took Mary’s hand and placed his lips on her knuckles. He moved his eyes over to Miranda next. “And you must be the illustrious Mrs. Barlow! Wonderful to meet you, ma’am. My dear wife has spoken of you with nothing but esteem.”
The look in Lieutenant McGraw’s green eyes was sharp and discerning, his mouth curled in a barely concealed scowl. He did not return my gesture of kindness. “These salons may be an opportunity for you to rub shoulders with the bourgeoisie and seek for ways to feed the neverending London rumour mill, Doctor Watson, but I assure you I have little interest in either of these things. You know very well who I am, just as I know very well who you and your companion are. I am advising Lord Hamilton on an important political venture; I would be happy to discuss this work with you, however I doubt there is much else we could talk about.”
poisonous glares—one from Rackham and one from Eleanor.
“I cannot claim I… enjoyed his company more than is true, Holmes, but to display as you did before a Peer of the Realm so soon after your return to your career; it is reckless.” Something harsh tinged within the core of my chest in that moment. It was not an unfamiliar feeling around my companion, and yet such an emotion brought me distress all the same. My composure remained, however, and Holmes smoothly continued our discussion. I did my best to follow his thought, pretending as if no change within me had occurred.
“You’ve been imprisoned and tortured for
“Is your mind at ease, my dearest?” Mary inquired of me. She always could see into the depths of my thoughts, even in moments I wished for privacy. I could not lie to her, after all.
This was not a letter tinged with lust or guilt in the manner with which many such correspondences tend to be. On the contrary, it was written as if it were the romantic musings of a husband at sea, a modern Odysseus, patient yet yearning, on the long voyage home to his Penelope. And yet, something within its lines felt private in nature. Confined within a limitation—the affair, I would wager. The same part of me that ached moments ago was stinging me again, and I had no choice but to tear my eyes from the page before any signifier of such lined my expression.
“A Lord Alfred Hamilton, Fourth Earl of Ashbourne,” the housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson, informed us. Holmes had given her explicit instruction to allow potential clients in without question, as his exasperation in recent months had reached an all time high. Heeled footsteps approached with fierce determination and there before my friend and I, stood the aforementioned Peer of the Realm looking rather distraught. The gentleman was adorned in a well tailored suit and top hat, seeming to wear his social status under the crown on his sleeve.
“I…” Sherlock stammers for a moment, the smell of smoke from his pipe enveloping his senses. “I did not know you were aware of what your father swore to take from me. I did not think it relevant.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr.—Silver, was it?” Mary spoke just as James’ scowling was becoming audible. “I am—”
“You absolutely did not.” James spat at the ground again with good measure. His face was stern, yet there was no real tension behind his expression. It was strange to see how different James McGraw was to James Flint. The quiet, refined Navy Lieutenant persona faded away to nothing, and someone grizzled and rough appeared in his place. It was not an unwelcome shift, but knowing the cause of it brought an ache to my heart. “I swear to God, Silver, could you not make a marginally more convincing cover? Literally anything else would have done.”
“Quite so! I met the Captain in Savannah just a few years back, in fact. Remind me to tell you the story of how we met, it is—”
“Let me go.” He did not seem to be able to fight, but was going to nonetheless. I knew that he was; he was not a man to back down, even if he was halfway dead.
“And how, in exact terms, are you aware of Mr. Flint’s actions tonight, Miss Guthrie?” Holmes asked with his typical—arguably pompous—tone. Eleanor shot a glare his way, and turned to face him.
My eyebrows raised so high that they nearly entered my hairline. Out of all on our table, Holmes seemed to be the only one unsurprised by this revelation.
“Hello, John,” she greeted with a smile, though, there was something pained and anxious in her voice. “Could I have a word with you?”
“Something! Anything! Anything to tell me where to
James and I both shot our gaze back up to Holmes then. Was this why he had come all this way despite stating he would not do so? Was all of it some detailed misdirection to take Lord Ashe off James’ trail? I could not fathom the depths to which Holmes referred to, and my gut lurched at the thought.
their despair and fear?”
Yet, I had a much more important task ahead of me, for I could see James, wild around the eyes, staggering towards the carriage I had just left.
“Miss Guthrie, I assume you have discovered the nature of my presence here, then?” Holmes asked as an impassioned, sly look overtook his features as we were all surrendering our weapons. It had been far too long since I had seen such a look upon my friend’s face, and I relished in it for a brief moment before the tense exchange continued. Once the last revolver was handed over, the pressure in my back disappeared and I was able to once again look at my companions. We were all three of us held at gunpoint still, by four men who had materialised behind us. Vane and Rackham looked between our group and Eleanor Guthrie as if they were the spectators of a tennis match.
My eyes widened with horror at Holmes’ words. There were few people in our lives together—or apart—that he had willfully sought out to harm, let alone
as though quoting the words of someone outside himself. “The worst parts of London—of England—are not those who exist in the difficult edges and margins that high society wishes to eradicate. The worst parts of this country are found in the meeting rooms at Whitehall. They are found in the parlours of the landed gentry, in the summer estates of Shropshire and Darbyshire. They are the true gutter of our society, Watson, only no one acknowledges it because they tend to dress nicely. I have no interest continuing to work in such a place.” He gave me a small, unexpected smile. “In a rare occasion for a man of his class, Thomas Hamilton saw this. It is why he did the work that he did. I am a fool for not having seen it earlier; and if I do have even the faintest chance to rescue him and to ask his forgiveness for whatever part I may have played in his misfortune, I owe it to him and to all other wretches I have wronged during my career to try.”
“All of that may be true to how you experience your emotions, my lord, but I have yet to see where my work comes into this.”
“Holmes, hello! Mary has garnered us an invitation to the Hamilton salon this evening,” I informed, enthusiasm flowing through my voice. I expected my words to arouse him from his study, but there was no stirring visible in my friend’s form. “Was your afternoon successful?”
There was movement behind me as I realised that Thomas too had gotten up from his chair and moved closer to me, the distance between us now reduced to almost nothing. “I meant no offence,” he said, softness lining his tone. He was so close that I could almost feel his breath on the back of my neck. “That shadow is often a rather comforting place to be. Many can be afraid of the darkness it casts, however I find that darkness is rather conducive to discovery and a breaking down of the societal norms we so often chain ourselves within.”
did you do to that?”
“Oh yes,” Jack piped up from behind me. “
I elected to establish a more solid understanding of the Lieutenant, beyond the stolen glances of a detective’s biographer. I excused myself from Holmes’ side, and strolled toward McGraw in earnest.
“Madi,” James said, with what sounded like incredible effort. “What are you doing here?”
I squeezed her hands and for a moment we stood there, just letting the cold winter wind bracket us.
“I believe so, Watson. In fact, I am quite convinced that this Admiral holds a rather considerable sway over our friend the Lieutenant. Whether that is a good or a bad thing, I am not in a position to say as of yet. Quiet, now. He is approaching—we do not want to be observed.”
“Oh, perhaps then you are implying that your feelings for John are less important, less sincere than mine for James?” Thomas’ head is tilted to one side. He has the expression of a man who knows that he is winning a battle. His hands have steadied. “Because I am certain this is not so. I have known it for some time, perhaps before you admitted it to yourself. So do you see now, Mr. Holmes, why I cannot blame you for protecting the one you love at any cost? It is what men like us are wont to do. We would set the world on fire for their sake and happily watch it burn, while counting ourselves right with God. They are our weak spots and my father knew how to exploit them. It is something only you and I will ever understand.”
okay?” and he laughed until he once again cried. “Dear God, Thomas. Thomas.
Did you honestly think that would work? Knowing what you know of those two?”
Within seconds, the door opened up to reveal Mary and Miranda both in nightgowns, sleep still lining their features.
Holmes pulled an envelope from his coat pocket, and turned it over to James, pacing wildly still. He ripped it from Holmes’ grasp and pulled the paper from within, reading it in haste before throwing it on the floor.
James fetched a cloth from beside the basin, wetting it in the water there, and wiped his face clean of blood and soot. He offered me a clean dampened cloth to wash myself, and I accepted with a nod. Silver sat down at the furthest chair from the door, and James and I followed soon after while Holmes elected to lean against the wall and light a cigarette from his shining silver case.
I did not know what had pushed me to ask this; perhaps, it was an answer I was seeking within myself, too.
make.”
They stared at each other for a moment, James’ hands wrung in Silver’s coat so he could stay upright, their faces so close there was hardly a breath of air between them. The intensity in their shared gaze was so powerful it took my breath out of my lungs. With their faces bathed in firelight, with the blood on their hands that was not their own, with the soot on their faces, I could see it clearly—John Silver and James Flint, two men who were ready to bring the world to heel, two men to whom nothing was impossible if they were of the same mind.
“And the same thing may well have been done to Thomas.” It was not a question.
“I could have done more to protect you, if I had not been so selfish, and yet you understand my motivation better than any other.”
“London is my home. I have lived there for nearly two decades now. Of course, it is no easy task to abandon my life and my profession for an effort that may not work. I was contemplating the reality of it just moments before you knocked on my door. But, if you are so willing to sacrifice your life’s work—your career, your reputation—in replacement for a life of secluded retirement all for an attempt to save one man, then how could I do anything but follow you?”
“Bastard!” James shouted, kicking the outer wall of the room with his boot. He leaned his still blood-stained head against the wallpaper, and sighed, unmoving.
In the early hours of the morning, after we had breakfasted and discussed the complex logistics of the endeavour we were to embark on, I lay, restless, in my bed milling over every detail of what all of us had discussed. Holmes, James, Jack, Charles, Silver, Anne, and myself were to venture out to perform the task at hand, while the others completed their roles elsewhere. Every piece of what Madi Scott and her crew had planned appeared sound, and it was as if every aspect was accounted for. And yet, my mind raced with the one core part of this all:
When my senses finally came back to me I was back inside my own aged body and far from the Indian desert. Instead, I was standing beside the man who saved my life—not a corporal at all, but a squirrel-faced man with the most astonishingly hideous set of facial hair I had ever seen in my life. He gave me a self-satisfied grin and I turned around, panicked. In the light cast by the burning remains of the
Mary’s eyes glinted in amusement. “My dearest John. Yourself, James, Holmes and Mr. Silver are going to return to London—a place which holds many enemies to both James and Holmes—infiltrate a network of dangerous people who have attempted to kill you, and discover information to then use to track down a train and blow it up. Miranda and I are going to a small French countryside town, with well-established connections already, to locate and settle down into some cottages and perhaps do some interior decorating while we are at it. And you want
“I cannot disclose the involvement
“I have been so lucky as to hear of some recent adventures my dear John has engaged with in recent months,” Mary said, taking my hand in hers over the table. ”Mr. Holmes has never failed to intrigue me with his skills, although I do not wish to speak of a man in his absence.”
The only thing to break me away from this new discovery was Thomas’ voice, rough around the edges and somewhat muffled from where his face was still pressed into James’ shoulder.
I still miss the sound of your violin, late into the night. How you would stand beside my bedroom door, all those years ago, and serenade me with soothing melodies until dreams overtook me. Did you know how often you visited my dreams? You must have, eventually, as you stopped playing as time went on. I cannot name the last time you picked up the Stradivarius in my presence. I yearn for that almost as much as I yearn for you.
“You did not answer the question, James. What is it that
“We do not have much time. Please, could you relay to Doctor Watson the following: in my offices in Whitehall, if these have not yet been cleared, there is a locked drawer in the desk. The key is taped on the flyleaf of the copy of
After years and oceans apart, here they stood at an impasse, mere steps away from each other. Thomas had changed, visibly aged much more than five years. A beard now spanned his jaw, his blonde hair was streaked with grey, and he was thinner, rougher, far from the pristine Lord I had once known. Through his rough linen clothes I could see a scar peeking out from his neck, another one on his bare forearm, the raised skin oddly coloured in the faint lights of the moon. However, his eyes were much the same, bright, awake, and, as they looked at James, overflowing with affection in a way I had never seen in another human being.
James and Silver were, for a lack of a better word, arguing, but it was not truly an argument. Yes, James seemed tired and exasperated as he always did, and yes, John Silver seemed to carry the already familiar expression on his face that implied that he was always right, however their bodies seemed to be gravitating towards each other rather than shying away. Silver raised a sarcastic eyebrow, James threw his hands in the air saying something else and then, to my infinite surprise, John Silver reached and pulled James close and crushed their mouths together in a kiss.
“I—I, erm…” Silver stammered, and before I knew it, the man I met earlier that day had crumbled into nothing but a frightened child. It seemed that James Flint was quite capable at bringing primal fear out in people, even well armoured men such as Silver.
“Ah, my dear biographer here embellishes of his own accord. However, if you are ever in need of my professional capacities, do not hesitate to knock upon Baker Street’s door.”
“In the years since my return from the social grave Moriarty built for me, I have seen a new side to London’s underbelly. A side that is not tied to the street rats, the prostitutes, or other
“I need a horse!” Silver shouted. I moved to take James’ weight off Silver and ripped the tainted shoulder from his shirt to uncover the wound. The entry point was rather large, and I tore my own ruined sleeve to attempt to stop the blood seeping from what must have been a bullet wound, buried deep in his shoulder. I fetched the miniscule amount of wound care supplies from my bag—a bit of alcohol, some gauze—that could hardly handle the significance of James’ injury, but for the moment it would have to do. I applied pressure to the wound, and the bleeding seemed to slow enough to apply some bandages. I wrapped his shoulder in a haphazard cover, and shrouded him in my coat to keep his remaining warmth.
“That is not the reason why I enquired.” James exhaled deeply to offset the pain of the thread going into his skin. “If— If Thomas is in a state such as this—you know him, doctor. You know how important his mind is to him. He would not wish for a life such as this, I am sure of it.” James looked up over his shoulder. “Perhaps this is unfair of me to ask, but I will do so anyway: had our places been swapped and you were faced with the same decision regarding Holmes, in this worst case scenario, how would you act?”
“What is it you wish to speak with me about, Thomas?” Sherlock asks after weighing his options. Silence could only last so long, after all.
“Wouldn’t be for the first time,” James groaned, at the absolute very end of his energy. He was leaning on Miranda perhaps a bit more than he would have liked to admit but his eyes would not leave those of Miss Scott, shining with affection that he was unable to hide.
they named had enough power to garner such a response from T—from Lord Hamilton, perhaps this was the same man. Who else would have held enough knowledge under oath that Thomas Hamilton may have elected to indict himself, rather than allow him to testify? And who else would have held knowledge of
“I gathered as much, yes. What was it about what they said that perturbed you so?”
“Once we leave England, Watson, we cannot return. Perhaps, we never will. If the interception of this transport goes as planned, no matter what the outcome of it is, we are sealing our fate in the eyes of the British Empire.” The shadows of sunrise cast across Holmes’ eyes from the window, and I felt a chill come over me.
tumblr (phoenix): @beholdingransom (main) or @dandyholmes (holmes)
I opened my mouth to object, for I was eager to know what the situation was, but my words died in my throat as we entered the cargo hold.
Heat returns to Sherlock’s eyes again at that, though now it is from the relief washing over him.
“What the
“Doctor Watson, Mr. Holmes.” On James’ face I could now see, for the first time since our reunion, something akin to happiness. “May I introduce you to my dear friend, Miss Madi Scott.”
“Then who,
“It is a simple enough negotiation, is it not? Mr. Flint needs those men, and the rest of us here, alive. You want us out of your way so that your husband’s debts can be paid by the estate of Lord Ashe. Not only will said estate not be able to relay to you the funds you seek—as some recent tragedies within the family have significantly decreased their fortune—but we have more available to us than you were ever offered. So, if you let those men go, and allow us to give you the information required to obtain the aid you seek, perhaps we may diminish the bloodshed on this night, as there has already been enough.”
“Manderly?” Eleanor raised an eyebrow. She looked at Rackham and Vane.
The man beside me shuddered, and his eyes met mine again. In this moment we were not doctor and detective, we were not biographer and subject. Here, after the storms and battles we faced, we were two men who had spent decades dreaming of the other, only for such dreams to finally come to fruition.
“I know,” he repeated through his teeth. He did not look at me. “I have to—”
“It is no bother at all, dear fellow,” Thomas said, waving a hand with a smile. “It is truly a pleasure to have you here and both Miranda and I enjoy your company inordinately.” He kept his eyes on me, studious and careful. “I am not surprised to hear that Mr. Holmes has been keeping you rather busy—I have been left with the impression that his work ethic is impeccable, yet punishing. Much like my own, I must say. It is not unheard of that I would forget to eat all day long until James reminds me to do so.”
In the early afternoon of that same day, I was saying goodbye to one person from our party, the one person I thought I would never have to be parted from for very long.
“It is… an honour to meet you, Lord Hamilton,” I forced out in an attempt to acknowledge my status in the matter. To contradict someone so above me in the hierarchy of London would not be solely foolish, but detrimental. And yet, something in his demeanour—the charming smirk, the dramatic greeting—told me that such contrary words would be welcome. As if his title, his family name, and his position were little but a facade, beneath which lay a man attuned with the life and humour of a common man such as myself. I dared not test my theory in that moment, however. Not with the dozen sets of eyes upon me, scrutinising my every move; including that of Holmes, Lieutenant McGraw, Lady Hamilton, and Mary.
“Dr. Serebryakov, I presume?”
“What?” He sat back abruptly. “Why would you think—?”
He had a plan. It began and ended with Harry Watson.
But he didn’t need to. Sherlock took his head once again between two large hands, and he brought their foreheads together gently, eyes closed but a line of wet along the eyelashes. “I’m here,” he said. “You’re home.”
while I dealt with that woman on my own, defending
A couple of hours later, he was awoken by the tap of a hand on his shoulder, and his head came up with a snap, thinking it was John nudging him awake. But John’s face was still placid in sleep. So he turned the other way and saw Greg Lestrade, who was holding a vase of daisies.
But she laughed, then covered her mouth. When she was ready to confess it, she spoke through her fingers. “Coroner.”
John’s eyes widened in surprise. One traitorous tear escaped, but only one. Though he didn’t allow himself to feel the immensity of his relief, not just yet, he nodded eagerly.
Dr. Stapleton sighed. “What is it, Byron?”
, go mad, require hospitalization. For one wild minute, John had entertained the possibility that it was true, that he
“Don’t what?”
He had the paper and pen ready, but also the laptop with notes (Sherlock’s laptop, as neither of them had been able to crack John’s password). His palms were sweaty with anticipation, hoping it would work, even though for the last five nights it had not. It had to work tonight. It just had to. He had done everything right; conditions were perfect; he felt it in his bones. John would be on the other side of the mirror, and they would figure it out.
It was so silent that neither of them could even hear the other breathe. Maybe neither one did.
“No, Sherlock, I didn’t see myself, I saw me!”
First, he had come to the conclusion that he was no longer in the London he knew, because
“I remember. What did he say?”
“Oh yes,” said that man standing. He leaned in closer, his groin level with John’s head. That’s when John noticed it swelling. A shiver passed through him. “Smells amazing, he does. One has to wonder . . . is he even bonded?”
“I’ll make it up to you, John,” he said aloud to the empty room. “I promise.”
“Please don’t say anything,” said John, voice muffled by his hands.
John slowly lifted his eyes and breathed in; his scent had returned to normal, but there was something else, something startling: Sherlock was afraid.
“Hey,” said John, gently. He put a hand on Sherlock’s wrist and politely tried to move his hands from holding John’s face. Of course, but it must have hurt badly. Then he saw John’s own eyes were misting; he blinked, turning his head away, and Sherlock understood. He was . . . embarrassed?
John rose to his feet and took Sherlock by the arms, turning him so they faced one another squarely. “This is hard. Every bit of this, I get it. I’m living it with you. But the worst thing you can do right now is beat yourself up over things you can’t change, things you didn’t even know about. You thought I was him. Of course you did, look at me! You said it yourself. I look like, sound like, and even
“You mean, like destiny?”
John colored and cleared his throat. “You mean . . .”
Our unusual company entered the tavern in quite the state—James and myself still covered in blood and debris, Vane and Jack’s clothes were scorched, and James was bleeding from the wound in his head. There were a small handful of patrons lining the bar stools and booths of the pub, engaged in hushed conversations. Smoke was curling up towards the low ceiling. From the second we walked in, I spotted the unmistakable shape of John Silver, leaning against one of the support beams in the middle of the room, his curved smile directed at a young man around his age. Rather than the crutch he used that morning, he had a wood and metal prosthetic affixed to his leg. Before I could register the stares being sent our way from the concerned customers, James stormed up to Silver and pushed him against the pole, leaving his companion startled and wide-eyed at the scene in front of him.
He sent that same smile my way, and I could swear I saw a flicker of something in his eye at my words. Such a sight made it difficult to believe that this man was as irritating and incompetent as James’ attitude toward him would indicate. Even in his kind gestures of friendly interaction, it appeared as though he was gathering information; gathering knowledge on the minute aspects of every person at the table. For what purpose, I was not sure.
“The pleasure is all mine, Lady Hamilton,” I managed, returning the affirmative look between us.
“Who appointed you judge, jury and executioner?” I shot back, incensed. “These men—”
“John has been expertly keeping us updated on your plans and movements. When Max got word of the plans to kill you at the
I saw this as a good opportunity to ask the foremost question in my mind. “On the matter of absences, where might Lord Hamilton be on this fine afternoon?”
Sherlock freezes at that, his eyes blinking rapidly of their own volition. He swallows the agony that has made its home in his throat.
“Rather lively discussion was had, indeed, Lord Hamilton,” Holmes responded, a warm look about him. His eyes held an ease they had lacked upon our arrival, and yet I swear I was able to see the cogs within his mind turn at every word from Thomas’ mouth. “I appreciated such freedom of dialogue; rather unlike the aristocratic events I have visited in the past.”
After some murmured apologies for our foiled breakfast, Silver seemed to make himself comfortable seated in the booth with us. James looked at him for a bit then huffed, got up and vanished towards the kitchen without a word. The owner gave him a questioning look and he nodded, saying something to her out of earshot—her eyes then turned to Silver, sharp as a dagger. Silver returned a bright smile and an apologetic shrug.
with that, this marks the end of Sherlock Holmes and the Lord in Disgrace! stay tuned on Sunday for the epilogue <3
“Interesting place, this, is it not?” She asked, her eyes distant as she explored the buildings around us. “We did not get many chances to visit Scotland, Thomas and I, though he had family here. Though the smell is much the same, I find it very different to London. There is something different in its air, something that does not strike fear in my heart the way the capital did.” She paused and I watched her extract a halfpenny coin from her purse to give to a street urchin. In a dizzying moment, I recognised this as something I had seen Thomas do, many years ago. Being in Miranda’s presence made me feel ever so close to our friend; for a moment, the loss was so sharp I could scarcely breathe.
As I had begun to take note of Holmes’ account, I reached a point of stopping before answering his question.
surprise! we're changing our posting schedule to now be sunday, tuesday, thursday! i hope you enjoy the new chapter :)
Holmes was, of course, correct. As he said this, it seemed that the situation was simmering down as swift as it had begun. I relaxed into my seat as I watched two men pull McGraw off the officer who had dared make a comment about Lady Hamilton’s virtue. The poor man’s face seemed to be monstrously disfigured by the repeated attacks from McGraw’s fist, and I winced as I could hear the painful wheezing coming from him. It was rather likely that the chap would never be able to maintain normal breath again, unfortunate as it may have been. McGraw, on his part, seemed to have only gotten away with scraped knuckles and a nosebleed, however the look in his eyes made my heart stutter with mute terror. His gaze burned with an intensity that I had never seen in another human being before or since, not even on the other side of the trenches when I served in the war.
“I hope the good doctor has mentioned that Thomas and I are ardent admirers of your work, Mr. Holmes. I am ever so grateful and honoured to have your presence here this evening.” Mr. Woods, the butler, took our hats, along with Mary’s shawl. The remainder of the party had gathered within the entryway.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thomas nods solemnly. “I know this now. I learned the truth once I was moved from Reading Gaol into the--” He trips over his words then, uncharacteristically. “The private-- the institution that--”
Madi raised a hand once again to interrupt him. “You do not think that John and I would not have a way of protecting the location of the cache? Even in a situation such as this?”
only one more chapter until the end of act one! i hope you enjoyed :)
“What are you implying, James?” I noticed the faintest shake in my fingers then, and I was grateful to be nearly finished with the stitching. If he was attempting to say what I thought he might, I doubted I could withstand the emotional blow.
The other stranger turned to me. He was a clean-shaven, muscular man, with a firm-set jaw and cropped, wavy hair. “Get back on the horse, we have to get out of here before anyone sees us,” the same deep, throaty voice came from his mouth. “We will have to share, I’m afraid. Jack and I were spotted by militia on the way here. We took care of them, however our horses paid the toll.”
I startled at what seemed to me a sudden change of topic. “Of course. That day…” My memory from that fateful morning returned to my mind in vivid colour. The pain I felt after that day was only now beginning to mend. “That day is one I cannot forget.”
Something changed instantly in James’ face when he heard the man on the other side of the door. His eyes widened in disbelief. “Impossible.”
“Peter knew.” James’ voice was weak, and he seemed as if his legs would not hold him up much longer. “He knew Thomas was alive.”
“I do not want your apology, Holmes,” I spoke again after many agonising seconds. “All I want is an answer to one question.”
“You remember Max’s instructions?”
I could not tolerate the distance between us any longer, and resigned myself to sit beside him on the cushions. We sat in silence for a moment as I formulated an answer on my lips.
James seemed to exist in some other dimension of consciousness, as his fingers played with a loose thread from his shirt. He looked around at the room we were seated in—sparse at best in its furnishings, with ugly wallpaper from a previous ownership peeling off the walls. His eyes roamed, looking lost. Then, to my great surprise, he smiled; for the briefest second, he looked at least a decade younger.
“Yet, it appears he spends a majority of his time within the Hamilton estate, or the professional office at Whitehall. I concluded that, during midday on a Saturday, he would either be in his own lodgings, or with the Hamiltons. Locating the Lord and Lady is much simpler than finding a quiet Navy Lieutenant, so I enquired within my usual channels around St. James’s and Central London to unearth the couple’s whereabouts.
Holmes, Lord Hamilton—or rather, Thomas—and I returned to our seats, an indication of a true start to the evening. On a superior day, Thomas’ musings of Ruskin and Byron may have compelled my attention more so. However, after the events of the morning and afternoon, my soul was in a state quite unfit for such detached contemplation. As I could tell Holmes was carefully observing the young Lord, I elected to focus my attention on the Navy Lieutenant of few words, brooding yet attentive in Thomas’ shadow. I saw much of my past self in his stance; the hardened officer with a role to fulfill.
“I assure you, Captain, I haven’t the slightest idea what you’re referring to. I created the plan myself, helped you gather all the necessary pieces. Why in God’s name would I wish to sabotage it, when my reputation is on the line?” Silver pleaded, his wit returning to him with every syllable.
A scuffle of unforeseen proportions ensued. Silver had somehow, while no one was looking at him, managed to grab a heavy pint glass from a nearby table, which he smashed into the head of Holmes’ attacker, directly in front of him. He then expertly used his iron peg to hook himself behind his own attacker’s leg and bring him to the ground. James turned around with what felt like inhuman speed and bent his attacker’s arm, forcing his gun to fire a useless shot into the ceiling. I got the message rather quickly and jabbed my elbow, with all my force, into the gut of the man I could feel was behind me. A sickening click came from his revolver and I closed my eyes, yet no gunshot sounded in the room—it had misfired.
“He speaks true,” Rackham hastened to add. “We know Billy Bones. He is one of their men. Big fellow, tall as an oak tree. Can’t miss him.”
“Hello, my darling. Fancy seeing you here.”
The only reply given was a “Fuck you, Charles,” as the blonde owner sneered at his face. She promptly ignored Jack’s attempts to get himself a drink.
“Ah, no, not— not quite, doctor. Mr. Flint is distressed, certainly, but it is the passengers of this train that I need your help with.”
between men such as them. I—I thought it doomed.” My mind appeared to make itself up as it went.
By a quarter of an hour—and a great number of moments concealing ourselves behind objects in the street—Holmes and I reached the Hamilton estate, several feet behind McGraw. Holmes extracted his compact binoculars from within his inner breast pocket, and observed what he could through the cloak of night.
I took in a deep breath. Considering the context of our conversation, Thomas’ suggestion was clear—yet, I attempted to comfort myself anyway.
. Honourable Judge Reynolds presiding.
And we did just that for much of the early evening, awaiting the sunset with a tension in the air. It was a joyous thing, to see my friend so motivated by the work that brought us together. A vigour ran within him, a fire roared behind his eyes, and some childish part of me; something hidden, buried in the depths of my heart, beamed at the image of this man beside me. But, thoughts alone do little more than burden a weight of shame upon my soul. I tear such prospects away with distracting articles about the political efforts of a young Lord Thomas Hamilton, hoping above all else that my attempts at decency do enough to leave these people unscathed by judgmental forces.
“If that is how you feel, Holmes, then I see no issue before us.” He looked up at me again from where his eyes peered at the floorboards, and there was the same glimmer of excitement in his eyes that I saw all those years ago in Bart’s Hospital. Now, it was tinged with exhaustion, his face now more lined, and a risk of imprisonment or death at the end of this plan loomed over us. And yet, as his lips curled into a smile I had missed so deeply, I could not find it within myself to care for fear or rage anymore.
Holmes was likewise intrigued by the newcomers. “Madi Scott? May you be the daughter of the infamous activist? A man only known as Mr. Scott who has been fighting the rather barbaric Jim Crow laws in the American South?” It was unsurprising that he would know of such work given what he has employed himself with in recent years, yet it still took me aback a bit how he pulled knowledge from his mind even after the heat of battle.
Whatever Rackham’s response would have been, it was interrupted by the door of the inn flying open with a loud noise. Through it, walked three men, as large as houses, who were clearly battle-hardened and well armed. After them followed a woman, one whose face and step were, without a shadow of a doubt, those of royalty of some bygone age. She was not tall in stature, however her presence loomed large and filled the room. I was surprised by this, given her dark complexion and the way she appeared, I would not have assumed her to be in a position of such power. And yet, any metaphorical crown upon her head seemed to fit with perfection.
“We will find him, Captain. I promise you, we will find him. No one will be able to stop us.”
Holmes’ name slipped from my mouth before I could catch it in my teeth. I jolted in spite of myself, but not before I felt Holmes shiver under my touch. Had I offended him in some manner? Had I ruined the beauty of our shared moment with such a foolish blunder?
“Wh—Why, Holmes and I could not possibly be—”
, you must know that this is the only decision I
“My knowledge of the inner workings of the aristocracy have done little but increase since my time away, Mrs. Watson. Their behaviours are unlike those of common society; the more minute, the more significant. If one can understand said minutiae, he can uncover anything.”
“I was simply being polite and greeting our new guests, Captain. Is there a problem?” Silver—as it seemed his name was—did not lose his grin despite the near murderous look on James’ face. If anything, he seemed
your cases in an offensive, inaccurate manner. That I was committing an indecency to your work by my attachment to narrative over reality. Perhaps, you were right. Perhaps, I was lining my tales with fanciful niceties that were unnecessary, and to include them was to do a disservice to the art of detection itself. When examining the nature of my heart at the time, I cannot claim this was an impossibility.
made something go weak in my knees. For I had heard of places like these, and I had heard of the monstrous treatments that they subjected their patients to—electrical and malariotherapy in the milder cases and invasive, illegal brain surgeries in the most severe.
Lieutenant McGraw was headed to the bar, aiming to get another drink I presumed. His eyes were fixed forward and, much to my thanks, he did not look our way.
“What civility do I owe to you, Mr. Silver? All you have done is bring repulsive men through my door, and defend the bloodthirsty animal you call
“I do not know much of Vane. The question of the value of living when your mind is warped and altered in such a manner is one I cannot answer. I am not of a higher power to dictate such value upon others. What I can say to you, James, is that regardless of the state Thomas is in when he is found, not one man on that mission will lay a harmful hand upon him without your consultation.”
“Watson, before you retire, I wish to discuss with you my conclusions of the evening, if you are amiable.”
“Of course. I shall begin, then.” Holmes took an inhale from his cigarette before exhaling the smoke across the room, ceremoniously beginning his mysterious story. I could not help the captivation that came over me at the energy he held.
“What conclusions may we reach from these observations, Holmes? Is McGraw truly just a standoffish official, or is he hiding something more nefarious? Shall I continue to pursue the proposed friendship with the Hamiltons that Mary has so initiated?” I attempted to maintain composure through my account, disregarding the oppressive emotion rattling within me.
Later, Silver left us to our lodgings to continue his work about the tavern, as James and I remained in the darkened room. He settled himself onto a chair next to the window, clearly with no intention of sleeping. After some silence, I looked at him, his face looking ghostly as it was illuminated by the moonlight.
this is a personal favourite chapter of ours, i hope you all enjoyed it!
Whilst I did not intend to be gathering clues throughout this polite and pleasant luncheon, any studying of her words could not be helped. Working with Holmes had altered the nature of my mind during a case. Perhaps, Lady Hamilton’s separation from her husband in casual social engagements was a sign toward proving the Earl’s inclinations. Though, when speaking of the Lord, Lady Hamilton did not show signs of discomfort or wariness; on the contrary, her tone took on a warm tinge, and she smiled at the mention of his name with great, obvious affection. I felt amoral, hiding these observations from my wife. My trust for her was firm in its standing, and it was plausible that her connection to Lady Hamilton may aid in our investigation. All the same, concerning myself with such discussion was nothing but hypothetical at the moment.
“Not before we have the information we need.”
“Holmes?” fell from my lips.
“John, my love! Thank Goodness you are awake,” my wife greeted me with the mirth in her tone emanating from every syllable. Her change in spirits when compared to the previous morning was remarkable yet unsurprising—I realised that it was in no small part caused by the presence of the woman beside her.
It is then that James looked at me. There was something scared and vulnerable in his eyes. “I don’t know.” It was perhaps the first time I had ever heard him say this, this man always so sure of himself. “It is— I love Thomas, of course I do. I have never stopped and I never will. But—” He ran his hand over his shorn head in an abstracted motion. “But I do not think I would know myself without Silver at my side. It would feel very much like— well, like losing a limb.” James took a deep breath, steeling himself. “It does not matter. Silver will do what Silver wants to do; he has never let others decide his fate for him and he is not about to start doing so now.”
But his words died in his throat as James recoiled in on himself at the touch and nearly fell to his knees. Silver’s arm immediately went around his waist to keep him upright and I cursed myself then, for only then did I see the way James held his shoulder, the way he stood and realised that blood would not be visible on his dark clothes.
“John.” He said my Christian name with a disbelieving grin forming on his face, as though the very syllable was a prayer upon his lips. Holmes—Sherlock—looked at the air between us as though every particle around him was as incredible to him as a new clue to a case. As if the state of things before him was fleeting, lost any second now in the wanting of daydreams or old musings. I wanted nothing more than to prove him wrong—that this was not a feeling to be left in the dust of fantasy.
Silver spoke of many things with us. Stories of his time as a crewmate for a small whaling ship as a young man, stories told to him by friends who were told those stories by mentors, and, most of all, stories of his life with James, who he seemed to have met in about 1897. Much to my disappointment, he did not say
“It would be just
The Lord snapped his head around to meet Holmes’ steady gaze, who was now seated in his chair in a more typical manner.
My mouth worked uselessly, and I came to realise that I had no idea what I wanted to say to him. For what does one say at all, what words would be strong enough for this moment? Thankfully, Thomas did not seem to demand any words of me either—instead, he beamed, pulling me into an embrace. One-armed, as James was still holding onto his hand, never wanting to let go.
You always used to say that I romanticised
“But of course! Now, come along with me. Thomas is rather occupied with discussing John Ruskin’s latest. It is to be an autobiography, from what I hear—a rather disappointing development in his work, if you ask me. Come, come. He will be ever so delighted to meet you all.”
James continued to sob out his lover’s name in short bursts of frightened, frantic air that Thomas took into himself with a deep, loving kiss.
do you think happened, you rat?” James spat at him.
“James, good Lord man, we need to
“Excellent! I cannot thank you enough, Mr. Holmes,” he replied, standing with fervour. For the first time since the Earl’s arrival, Holmes stood to shake his hand.
Hamilton: I know little of Viscount Henderson’s personal behaviour, your Honour, but I can say, without a doubt in my mind, that spreading falsehoods of the private lives of honest men is not a new practice among members of the House of Lords.
“What is it?”
“I believe I understand what you mean,” I said slowly. We turned down a street as we saw a sign directing us to the post office. “Do say, Miranda, what was it you wished to speak with me about?” The woman beside me paused for a moment at my question, the red on her cheeks from the cold betraying the grim expression on her face. She took a deep breath.
“Stay his hand?” I could not help the incredulous huff that left me. “Miranda, the man is so deeply entrenched in his ways that I fear even the smallest attempt to dissuade him would result with my head cut off my shoulders.”
He turned to face me, and in the corner of my eye I spotted Holmes perk up from his leaned position to study the guest before us. The performance of the aloof, disinterested host, transformed into the fascinated detective.
“What detail would that be?” I walked away from the door, and sat at the foot of the bed as he sat upon one of the wooden chairs across from me.
Once we left the English border and performed this heist, none of us could ever return.
Seated at the bar was the same feisty-looking blonde woman who had met us yesterday and who—I assumed by the way she was issuing commands with curt nods of her head and the big set of keys hanging on her belt—was the owner of the establishment. I wondered, vaguely, how she knew James at all and thought that if Holmes were here he would immediately form some conclusion about her beyond what I could see with the naked eye. She turned her head and I immediately looked away, dreading to be caught staring. Before any more thoughts of my friend could fog over my mind in early morning daydreams, Mary’s voice arrived, as welcome as always, echoing through the nearly empty dining room.
Exasperated, James stuffed a random assortment of papers in his coat pocket. His hands still trembled as he reloaded the three bullets in the chamber of his revolver but his eyes were clearer, no longer fogged with the frenzy I had seen before. The blood was still running down his face.
“It is a rather sprawling and nebulous tale, gentlemen, but I assure you it is worth your time. First, I would like to make some things clear to you. Thomas Hamilton is alive, Mr. Silver is innocent, and the owner of this tavern is not as trustworthy as you may think.”
“I apologise if I have offended you in any way, Lieutenant. I assure you, my intentions lay solely in the interest of amicable conversing, not in the feeding of rumours.” The change in McGraw’s character was slight, but pronounced all the same. I could not tell if it indicated a disbelief in my words, or a disdain for any words shared at all. “I was interested in your thoughts on this evening’s discussions.”
CW: intense violence and homophobic language
My friend contemplated the request, and thought I am unsure if it was boredom or genuine intrigue that brought him to it, he nodded in approval.
, he had meant him and Thomas or me and him. I turned away from James for I could not bear to look at him now that I saw him as a mirror to the terrible storm within me.
“Was that how you knew?” I asked quietly, and my voice did not sound like mine at all. “When you realised that you were ready to kill a man for Thomas. Was this how you knew you loved him?”
“You know, Mr. Holmes, I do not think your presence was welcomed into my tavern. I could have half a mind to shoot you right this moment. Tell me, why shouldn’t I?” The threat behind her words was not hollow and it shook me deep to my core. I now felt anger bloom in my own breast, too—I would not, under any circumstances, lose Holmes just as we had begun to mend things between us. Despite what one may presume of Miss Guthrie, the command she held was unparalleled.
“By your shift in posture at my words, I take it that a promise of Mr. Rogers’ debts paid may change your next action. Am I correct?”
“What happened back there? What was the explosion?”
I parsed over my thoughts for a moment, and remembered the interactions I had seen between Silver and James in the weeks since my arrival in Glasgow. Subtle touches, shared glances, and—perhaps more than anything else—promises. The words Silver spoke before our departure from the train rang clear in my mind.
“Do you wish for him to stay with you here, James?” was all I could think to ask.
“James, I need to get you proper stitches on that shoulder. The makeshift bandage can only do so much, after all.”
“Holmes, I thought you were—” I began to ask, but my friend’s warm hand touched my shoulder to silence me as we entered my room. The table from earlier that evening was still in its place, as were the three chairs from our meeting.
I had no time to ruminate on this fact as I heard the door smash open, clearly kicked in. Before I could reach for my gun, I felt a hand pulling on my forearm. “Doctor Watson! Don’t shoot them.” It was James. His breath was coming in short bursts and I could see a wound blooming on his forehead where something had clearly hit him. “We need to move, Doctor, now!”
Holmes continued. “After this revelation, I wondered how much of Lord Hamilton’s imprisonment and subsequent report of his death were tied to Lord Ashe. How involved had he truly been in all of this? I have spent much of the last six months studying the underbelly of Peter Ashe’s work, Mr. Flint, and it appears that it stretches up to Glasgow as well.”
A few moments later, Anne appeared with one of the horses.
In an instant, the heat drained from the young woman’s face. It was as if I could see her blood run cold, and the discriminating spotlight now lay on her, rather than any other soul in the room. James inhaled sharply in surprise, while Vane looked from Holmes to Eleanor, his eyes wild. Once again, he strained against the ropes holding him, seemingly thinking he could rip the post straight out the floor.
Then, the knock upon our door, a rattle of the door handle, a muffled voice: “Hello! Are you in there?”
James threw his opponent off to the side but the man still grabbed his shirt and they both tumbled to the floor. “The left one has more scars, he will be more proficient in hand-to-hand combat.”
In the early evening, James approached me from the chair by the fire I had made my solitary reading spot for the day.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sleep well, my dear Watson,” Holmes murmured as he examined his notes of the case so far. The letter, newspaper clippings he had gathered, along with several photographs of Thomas and Miranda Hamilton, poised as the perfect noble couple. He studied the smiles on their faces with an intensity I wished so deeply to cherish. Instead, something menacing twisted in my gut as I shut the door behind me.
I was not the only one with this knowledge; James seemed to be nearly aflame with the power of his rage beside me.
At that, James stood with a start, chest heaving with lofty breaths. In the dim lighting of the oil lamp, I saw a redness in his features that was not born of blood or fire from before. I saw something whirring behind his eyes, the ghosts he thought were long dead had come back to haunt him. The realisation crashed down on me before I could voice it—for now Holmes’ explanation made perfect sense. I myself had seen this clock many times when I had visited the Hamiltons’ house or shared a glass of port with Thomas, caught in conversation until we were brought back to reality by its chime. The memory made my heart ache.
We seated ourselves along the table and Holmes ran his eyes across the newcomers. “Some introductions would not go amiss, ladies and gentlemen, for I am sure you are all aware of who I am, yet I am still missing the names of some of the people around this table. It would be good for us all to begin discussions on an equal footing.”
“Surely you are aware of how negotiation works,
“Yes, I did.”
Thomas looks confused. “There was?”
Warmth drained from my face at Holmes’ words, as if they were directed at my own private life. Such secrets, hidden beneath the foundations of the Hamilton estate, were nebulous in their truth, and conflicting in my heart. The curiosity of the detective contradicting the sensitivity of a shameful man, hidden behind a veil of my own making.
“The right one has no clear sight of you. The left one is a better shot,” Holmes explained, breathing heavily behind me as I turned to help him and landed a kick into his opponent’s side.
“For the Earl to have gained the evidence provided against Thomas Hamilton, he would have needed someone close to his son to turn over sensitive documents and accounts. Even more so, he would have needed testimony from a trusted individual, who worked with his son in close quarters in the months before his arrest.
But on his way back to the sitting room, he noticed, there on the kitchen table, a folded piece of paper with his name scribbled across it in John’s unmistakable handwriting:
John tugged on the bottom of his jacket to straighten a crease running along his back, irritating him. “Then how could I know about Hope?”
“Wow,” said John, finishing the letter. “That’s very bold of him.”
The officers’ conversations in the background halted abruptly, Sgt. Donovan jumped, and out on the balcony, Sherlock straightened his spine and turned toward the room. He pushed open the door, an expression wavering between annoyed and curious on his face.
. They were truly partners in detective work. He could almost feel himself shrinking in comparison. This other John was a soldier, a doctor, a detective, and bloody hell, a writer to boot. Was there anything that man
“So you can see that’s not a viable option for us.”
I hope you all enjoyed The Abominable Bride! I sure did. And I kept thinking, how fun would that be, to swap modern!John with Victorian!John and watch that play out? But enough daydreaming. I have a fic to finish.
“Okay . . .”
“Finger off the trigger, for now,” he said. Then he maneuvered John to face the silhouette of a man with circles targeting his chest. “The target is at a distance of twenty meters. So you’re going to want to take the proper stance.
, as he tried not to but couldn’t help review all that had happened and what he might have said or done differently to avoid it entirely—he should never have mentioned Sherlock’s failure with the corpse that was not, in fact, Irene Adler—when there came a light tapping at his door.
, and it’s not just one poor bloke. It’s thousands. All across Britain, our Omega brothers and sisters are being targeted every single day because they smelled a certain way, because they walked alone in a certain place, because they were easy pickin’s for untamed Alphas who feel entitled to an Omega of their own but were never chosen. And who has allowed that to happen? We Betas have long sat on the sidelines. It’s an Alpha-Omega problem, we say. It’s just biology, we say. There are already laws out there to protect Omegas, we say. Yeah? Look how well that’s worked out for John Watson.”
pack.
“She’ll kill me next, Mr. Holmes,” Mr. Jacobs said, trembling, after showing him and John pictures of his wife from before (white-headed and with a prominent mole above her lip) and the so-called wife now (yellow-headed and mole-less). But for those two features, the women looked very much alike.
“Oh my God,” said Sherlock.
Despite himself, John smirked. He couldn’t help but feel a little flattered by the assumption. “That’s personality,” he said. “Not biology.” Then he sighed. “Beta,” he said. “Sherlock and I, we’re Betas.”
kind of family, and though John had often regretted that, he had never tried to change it. Once, he had met his sister after one of her bouts in rehab, and tried to show some physical affection. A hand on her arm, that was all. She had literally slapped him away, told him to stop being a pansy, and he vowed never to try again. So what. The hell. Was this?
“Well, sure, in a way . . .”
“I think you’re mistaken on who gets the flat,” John retorted, feeling a bubble of glee rising in his stomach. He couldn’t stop smiling. This felt so right, so perfect: the two of them, waking up in bed together, and launching into verbal spars. The world had changed, but they were still the same, if only happier.
“Right, yeah, okay,” said John. He scrubbed a hand across his face and tried to breathe normally. The man was a Beta (John could tell by the lack of pheromonal scent), but a professional. What seemed strange to John was probably run of the mill for a doctor. Maybe his condition wasn’t as rare as he believed, maybe it wasn’t even
“What do you mean? Where was—?”
And with that, Sherlock vaulted the barricade and stalked across the circle to stand at John’s side. At his sudden appearance, dead quiet fell again, but the moment he took a fighting stance, and John alongside him, a roar went up from the masses, loud enough to startle the birds into flight and shake the very foundations of London.
The other John flipped a page, upon which he had already written:
in that ‘department’?”
Sherlock.
Clutching tightly to John’s back and hanging on for dear life as the pleasure built inside him in a way he didn’t know was possible, Sherlock opened his eyes. It was a sight so beautiful he thought he might cry. There he lay, bare legs parted but ankles resting atop John’s—and John, perfect John, lying naked between Sherlock’s spread knees, bare chests pressed together, and John’s flawless buttocks, round and tempting, pumping with a regular rhythm into him—
“Yes, John,” said Sherlock in a tired, condescending tone. “It’s called a mirror. Mirrors are smooth, reflective surfaces that bounce little particles of light called photons into your eyes where cones and rods register the image and send a message to your brain.” His tone shifted suddenly from that of a patronizing know-it-all to an overeducated wiseacre with a crusading need for accuracy. “Well, actually, the photons don’t
John groaned. “Ask me something else.”
and the hot, naked body pressed up against his backside, deep inside of him, arms tight and caressing, and the feeling of love quite distinct from everything else, and John answered back with all the conviction of his heart,
And then it came into sight: the Waterloo Bridge. A fairly unremarkable sight, with its stretch of concrete and unadorned arches. But for one set of headlights, it was empty and open to the skies. Then the car passed. By the time John stepped onto the footpath, he was the only one on the bridge. He checked the clock on his mobile: 11:56. He hurried to get into position.
“Is it the body?”
John’s eyebrows stitched together. “You were wearing three patches the night I met you.”
“I’m waiting for an answer. Any personal detail will do.”
“As a man who chose decency in the end. You did wrong. And there is a consequence to that. Accept it.”
He found himself wandering aimlessly in a park, so stunned by what had happened to him in the space of an hour that he was barely thinking clearly enough to walk in a straight line, or remember how he’d got to where he was. Then someone called his name.
It wasn’t the sentiment he couldn’t handle. It was the broken heart.
Because right at that moment, the wooden chair slipped, and Sherlock, who had been balancing on it as he leveled the mirror on the wall above the mantel, leaped to avoid crashing to the floor. But the mirror wasn’t so lucky. Not yet stabilized, it pitched forward, and fell, as though in slow motion, but it was lost. Next second, it shattered against the hearth.
“It’s done.”
“John’s not answering his phone,” Harry said. “Is no one at the flat? I’ve been ringing the bell for ten minutes!”
For a few wild moments, Sherlock paced the sitting room, brainstorming desperate and terrible solutions.
“Did you . . . did it work?” His voice was gruff. A-cigarette-every-twenty-minutes-all-night-long kind of gruff.
you’ve not been taking . . . advantage? He’s in a rather delicate state, I dare say. It would be a shame to spoil whatever it is between you because he’s not in his right state of mind.”
“We do if they leave us no choice,” Sherlock replied.
“At the surgery. Last I heard you were still down at Mayberry. Or did you find something closer to home?”
more specific.”
“Repeat the vital points for striking.”
Her fingers stroked the hair of his head, fingernails scraping lightly across his scalp. He continued to talk, only vaguely aware of how her nose traveled up and down his neck, breathing him in.
But did he feel . . .
“I have to warn you,” he said, lowering his own voice to its deepest and consequently sultriest tone, “I know my body
to come of that.
He knew he was depressed. Sherlock was too. But they didn’t talk about it. Not about the transplanar displacement that had brought John to the wrong world and sent the other John away, not the impending heat, not Dr. Stapleton’s pronouncement of impossibility. They carried on, John like a soldier in a war he knew was lost, Sherlock like nothing was amiss. They were pleasant with each other, conversant, attentive. At night, they retired to the bedroom together, a thing John decided not to fight anymore, or resent. It was kind of nice, actually. They didn’t talk much after turning out the light, but they did talk, and it was there, in the dark bedroom, they spoke most openly and honestly to one another before rolling onto their sides and falling asleep. John took notice, however, how he often awoke lying on his back, and sometime in the night, Sherlock had rolled to face him. A protective instinct, surely.
Her hands fell to her hips and her mouth dropped open. “What’s got into you?”
, and by the bloody Thames, no less.
“Apologies,” John murmured, sniffing discreetly. He wanted to say Beta, but he felt like he just couldn’t be sure anymore. His intuitions seemed not to be functional lately.
If he was really . . . that is, if he were anywhere close to wanting to . . . Look,
Sherlock obeyed, placing arms around John’s neck, looking curious, expectant. Then, as John ran his hands up the underside of Sherlock’s shirt, rubbing bare skin from stomach to pectorals, he leaned back, bringing Sherlock with him. And as Sherlock’s upper body left the mattress, John’s hands moved to his back, to his shoulder blades, up his shoulders, and deftly, he slipped Sherlock’s shirt over his head and laid him back down.
“Oh, he’s a treasure. A gift.”
Except . . . something felt . . . off.
“The last possible outcome is demise. The death of any Alpha from either pack will terminate a dog fight, losing the challenge for the whole pack. In the case of death in the offending pack, each surviving member is given the chance to surrender and receive chemical castration, or refuse to admit fault and accept surgical castration in public. Either way, guilt is presumed.”
“Do you tell them what happened?”
On the way back to the flat, while Sherlock ruminated on the tattoos and scrolled through websites, John got a text message from Lestrade:
Sherlock covered his mouth with a hand, wanting to say it, but not knowing how.
“I had just got off work. I was going home. There was . . . a bridge . . . and then wind.”
“Let’s call this question two. If you have such a gift as third sight, you should be able to predict something for me.”
“Why not?”
John’s chest was noticeably rising and falling.
[More scribbling.]
“Shh. You want to be rid of her, right?”
“That’s one scenario you don’t have to worry about.” Sherlock leaned into the table. “Whatever happens tomorrow, John, you make the rendezvous. Okay?”
He was standing in a posture of anticipating John’s return: hands in his pockets, weight evenly distributed between two legs spread shoulder-width apart, shoulders themselves squared. But that wasn’t all. His dark blue shirt was open (perhaps because it was suddenly too warm to keep closed) to a white vest underneath, revealing a rather well-defined chest. John froze in the doorway, mouth suddenly dry, and his balled up jacket slipping from under his arm and onto the floor.
“You’ve seen it three times already.”
“Yes, yes, reading and running numbers and talking to colleagues in Western America and New Russia and Japan, and Mr. Holmes, I couldn’t stand it anymore, I just had come and ask you . . .”
“You were attacked!” Sherlock said. Did John really need him to state the obvious? He was most certainly
Sherlock shrugged. “I would have preferred a face-to-face challenge, of course. But there are other ways. It’s an old tradition. If unable to make direct contact, a messenger might be employed.”
“What specifically?”
“What’s that smirk about then, eh?”
“Keep center of gravity low—”
got on. You can’t take even the slightest ribbing. You’re just a goody-goody bastard with a stick so far up his arse, it’s a wonder I can’t see it poking out your nose. You think your life is
“Sounds gruesome,” said John as he followed him out the door, shrugging into his jacket.
A hazy veil descended. He instantly picked up the fork, dug it into the macaroni, and lifted it to his mouth before he realized what was happening, because he’d felt it before, and it was the worst thing he could imagine, having his free will tampered with like that.
, John’s own Alpha? Unacceptable.
“Oh good. It’s beginning to work.” Dr. Stapleton smiled, picked up the dropped fork, and helped herself to a bite. “Mm. Creamy.” Pointing the tines in his direction, she spoke around another mouthful. “A couple of more days at higher levels of scent, and you won’t be able to resist me. You see, John? I’ll take care of you one way or another, even if I have to Compel you to eat. Or to speak. Or tell the world whatever I need you to. They need to understand that you came with me willingly, after all.”
, Lestrade. These Alphas will likely go after someone else again tonight. I need to start hunting them
“Drop. It.”
“And what? Same tan lines? Same mole patterns? Not even an errant freckle?”
“What’s that? What did you say?” Mrs. Hudson’s neck swiveled from the officers to Sherlock, looking like someone had just told her she’d given birth to an alien.
“It’s . . . controversial. To say the least. Not yet approved by the Ministry of Omega Affairs and Wellness. But Japan is already using it, and extensively. Have you heard of their practice of hormonal bond transition therapy?”
The shower in the bathroom turned on.
Please take note of the dub-con tag. Not graphic or prolonged, just fair warning if you'd rather skip the last bit of this chapter.
, he thought, sipping at his bitter beer.
Lestrade elbowed him discreetly, and when he glanced over, he was met with an eyebrow waggle.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, not at his willingness to stay but at his asking permission. “. . . You’re sure?”
John was not shy about his body. Not normally. But he was embarrassed by this one. So while the doctor touched and poked and prodded and made little notes in his chart, John focused intently on a spot on the other side of the room. And when he bent over and spread his legs for a rectal examination (the most uncomfortable he’d ever experienced, he was so tight down there), he recited his ABCs frontwards and backwards, tuning back in only to answer the doctor’s questions, such as “Any pain or discomfort” and “On and scale of one to ten, how much pain?”
speculative.”
The door to the examination room opened, and the doctor walked in. “Good afternoon, Mr. . . .” He quickly reviewed his chart. “Watson, is it?”
“A bit,” she said, trying to sit taller, but finding it difficult with how she was positioned and with all the wires. John stood and helped, adjusting the pillows behind her and giving her an arm to hold as she scooted up.
“I’m here,” he said, dazed, taking in his surroundings and surprised to see that he was in Hyde Park. For a moment, he barely remembered arriving. Then it all came back. Sherlock. The case. The body.
“A clinic. An Omega clinic. For Omegas.”
Mycroft put up his hands in false surrender: it was not concession. It was the action of refusing to engage further with a child on the verge of a tantrum. “You asked for my help. You know my advice comes with it.”
Sheepish, John shrugged and returned his attention to his phone, scrolling without purpose. “Whether I’d be able to do something like that. For him.”
“Like me! I just told you.”
But he had learned a great deal, and reached other conclusions besides.
When it settled again, Dr. Stamford ignored the newly raised hands and said, “Look. Not in our lifetimes, but on the horizon—two, maybe three centuries from now—the human population will be comprised of only Betas. Already, the Omega population is dwindled to unprecedented low numbers. Omega-Ys cannot conceive, and the numbers of Alphas, particularly the Xs but also a notable number of Ys, are failing to get their Omega Xs pregnant, Omega Xs who can otherwise conceive with a Beta-Y. We may be on the cusp of Alpha sterility. Omegas still need Alphas, but it looks like, increasingly, they need Betas, too.
John leaped onto his back, locked an arm around his neck, and squeezed.
“I suppose you’ll want to close the door for this?”
That night (day sixteen), after they retired to bed, John lay awake, staring at the ceiling, Sherlock snuffling softly in sleep beside him. But John felt restless. His forty-first day was still a ways away, but the number of days was dwindling, and as much as he was growing to appreciate this version of Sherlock, he still couldn’t bear the thought of losing his mind to another three-day heat. He just couldn’t. He was afraid of the lack of choice and control; he was afraid of the pain, desperation, begging, and losing himself to the throes of merciless sexual drives.
“Gah!” he cried out in utter dismay.
His fingers did not withdraw, but he lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock’s, hoping he understood the apology meant with those words, and the confession. He wasn’t very good at bald confessions.
John shifted forward anxiously. “But for that to happen,” he said, “the synchronicity would have to be absolutely perfect. I mean, what are the chances? One in a billion?”
. See how you like it.” Then he grinned at the thought.
Careful never to lose sight of John in the mirror, lest he lose him entirely, John scrambled quickly to locate the same, and was relieved when he returned to the mirror and John was waiting for him, a message already scrawled in a familiar hand.
John’s body was heavy in his arms, unresponsive, and Sherlock was panicking. As he fought for the shore, he struggled to keep John’s head above the water. Land had never seemed so far.
He felt like he was breaking apart. It wasn’t enough. He needed more. And he said so.
And that was the other thing: one did not discuss the matters of subs casually. It was awkward conversation for anyone involved. Even as close as John was with his own sister, she had only, ever, just once, alluded to the fact that she and Clara had a sub. They were necessary in Beta-Omega relationships, to see the Omega through a heat, because Betas were of no biological use in that time. People knew about them; they just never
John’s hand went from a cupped shape to a single extended digit. He tapped Sherlock on the tip of his nose and said, “Boop!”
At five o’clock, before leaving the surgery, he locked himself in the loo to study himself in the mirror. He combed fingers through his hair, smoothed out his collar, and glared at the lines framing his eyes. He wished Sherlock had known him when he was younger, and less marked by time. Then maybe this wouldn’t feel so vulnerable to criticism about the toll age had taken on him. A twenty-something John Watson would have been a lot less prone to self-consciousness.
It wasn’t that he wanted to lie to Sherlock. He hated it. But there was no way around it, either. The other John had been clear: they wouldn’t get to talk again. Things were happening in his world, things that precluded him from getting to the mirror again. There would be no meeting tonight to address concerns or formulate a new plan. He had his instructions. If he didn’t follow through and meet John on the bridge tomorrow at precisely twelve o’clock midnight, the other John would fall without him. He couldn’t let that happen.
, but not yes, it’s . . . look. Right now, I’m unattached. Romantically. But I’ve known my fair share of . . . Well, you know, women. Beta-Xs, if you prefer. I’ve only
“But Sherlock—”
“Stop,” he gasped.
Both Sherlock and John looked sharply to the front of the taxi where the cabbie was nodding sagely. Having inserted himself into the conversation, he continued, “Classic porn trope. Role playing kink.” When they continued to gape, the cabbie took it as permission to explain further. “Nothing to be ashamed of. Me and the misses, we’ve had our fair share of spice in the bedroom. She’s the untouched princess captive betrothed to a prince to unite the kingdoms. I’m the virtuous peasant hero chosen to rescue her at my own peril. But just before I can free her, I get captured, too, and the evil wizard is going to kill me unless I take the princess’s virginity and spoil her for the prince, thwarting the union of the two kingdoms.”
Sherlock, looking defeated, hung his head. He gave a shallow, almost imperceptible nod.
“Coming back . . . to
They took him somewhere outside the city, down a country road, and through iron gates leading to a Jacobethan-style house of brick. It looked a bit like it had once served as a boys’ school.
So accounting for some of his discomfort, now, was his persistent bafflement at what mystery had seized John over the last couple of days, one he seemed determined to protect. John had stated plainly via text that he had been feeling ill, but illness didn’t explain why, upon entering the flat that day, Sherlock had been accosted with the overpowering scent of bleach, or why a bleach-soaked rag had been left hanging over the railing. John wasn’t one to clean the hallway . . . unless, maybe, he had gotten ill in the hallway and was too good a man to leave it to Mrs. Hudson to clear away. Yes, that could explain the bleach, and even the rag. In the middle of cleaning, another wave of nausea had forced him to abandon the work and hurry to the nearest loo. It might even explain burnt bread (forgotten about while dealing with the situation in the bathroom) and the reek of entirely too much pine-scented aerosol (used to mask the awful smell of vomit).
At thirty minutes to midnight, Sherlock and John left St. Bart’s. The night was cool, but a warm wind kept it comfortable.
Sherlock nodded sharply, returning to his brusque self. “That’s settled then.” He turned on his heel and retreated to the bedroom.
Sherlock tittered, apparently enjoying his newfound foul tongue.
“Eh?”
“Sorry, doctor, but I don’t think I’ve made myself clear. I’m not a Beta. I’m Omega. So, naturally,
“No,” he said.
But as one half of him despaired to leave, the other half was positively giddy with excitement at the thought of return. In six hours, he would be with Sherlock again.
It’s like he had been doing this his whole life. Maybe it was this body’s muscle memory. Or maybe he was just always gifted at precision shooting and had simply never had the chance to discover it. Omegas couldn’t join the army, or the police force, or go hunting, or participate in any other sort of activity requiring the use of firearms. But here he was, shooting like a pro.
“I’d like to know.”
“. . . How?”
Slowly, John nodded. “It worked.” He spread his hands a little pathetically. “I’m home.”
“It makes sense, doesn’t it? John explained it: all objects fall at exactly the same speed—”
am the one who jumped worlds—”
. He was small; Sherlock could take him all at once. Tongue undulating, swirling, pressing, and John was left writhing in a pleasure he’d never known before. This body, which had once known only what it was to receive and be filled, now knew the pleasure to belonging inside someone else. It was capable of more than he ever dreamed.
“Threw them out. You said you didn’t want to play.”
, somewhere.” He tapped his head, then transferred his hand to his chest. “Or here. Pushed down, buried deep. I don’t know how this works any more than you do. Maybe, God forbid, he’s just . . . gone.”
“He is, isn’t he?” Her cheeks were burning now, and her eyes dropped to her hands. “Never mind. I just need to . . . get past this. Figure something out.”
John looked over both shoulders dramatically. The street behind him was empty. “Looks that way, doesn’t it. Now. If you don’t mind.”
, touched his Omega and got away with it.
“Sorry to wake you.”
Sherlock continued to stroke John’s hand.
“Isn’t it always. Look. What I said before. I didn’t mean it. You were trying to come out to me, and if anyone in our fucked up little family should be sensitive to that, it should be me. I shouldn’t’ve said what I said. So whataya say? Can I take it back? Can we try again? You and Sherlock. You gave it a go, but what? It didn’t take?”
It’s not that he couldn’t move. Physically. He felt spent, muscle-sore and body-deflated, but he could wiggle his toes and feel shudders travel up his spine. No, he was in a state of shock . . . as well as a state of complete undress. Beneath the thin white sheet, he was stark naked. And for the first time in three days, that mattered. It mattered a hell of a lot. Whatever spell had taken hold of both ferociously needy body and blissfully debauched brain had passed, and with full mental faculties restored, he could fully reflect on what had transpired. Shock didn’t even begin to cover it.
“You know,” he said, “I don’t think you should stop.”
Sherlock paused in the act of twirling his fork around the last few noodles on his plate. In the background, Mrs. Hudson had already set to work on the washing up and was humming Mary Poppins tunes.
, blubbering like a moron, and asking me about
didn’t know I
The rest of the evening became, in memory, a drunken blur of making out and making love and making it first to the bathroom to throw up. John won that one.
John was taken aback as two truths suddenly occurred to him. Sherlock didn’t know that John journaled, and Omega John felt the need to hide the fact. He considered where John had kept the journals: in a sturdy plastic box under the bed. He must have thought they were safe there. The upstairs laboratory was Sherlock’s space, primarily; the bedroom was his, a space not only of intimacy but of secrets. And if Sherlock, the most observant man in the world, had not found the journals lying inches under his own body, it meant he’d never suspected John of feeling anything but perfectly happy, when the truth of his own pen told a different story. The other John was rarely explicit in his longings, and was perhaps a little bit in self-denial regarding his subtly unhappy state, but John recognized the undertones and implications as surely as if he had written them himself. Omega John had a stable life, but he craved so much more.
