Castiel pulls his pants down and tosses them away to the corner of the room, “What do I want?”
"Good," Said Balthazar in a clipped tone returning to his paper.
“You are trying my patience.”
Castiel licked his lips and gave a little nod. Dean leaned away from him, pulling his drawer open and retrieving a condom as Castiel tugged his boxers down his legs. Nervously but with his mind made up, Dean opened the condom. He threw the wrapper back into the draw and handed Castiel the rubber. Castiel was trembling slightly as he rolled it down his hard shaft. He blew out a breath as Dean shuffled back toward him, pressing his back against Cas's chest.
“You’ve been ageeesssss” Said Ellen
"Naughty? Dirty?" asked Charlie, her interest seeming to peak again.
Is it too early to text him?
“You looked so beautiful as you came for me, as you called out
"Good morning," says Castiel brightly as he gets out of bed to go and brush his teeth in the bathroom.
"It was so not nothing, you cracked Balth one" She turned back to Benny before adding "It was epic"
Dean wrote back, 'Thanks, I hope so. I guess it's been coming for a while, we weren't going anywhere. It was like living with a friend if I'm honest. And she felt the same, I think we were both just glad that we didn't end up hurting each other. I am not in love with her anymore but I don't want to hurt her, so her not feeling that for me either... was actually a relief. I’ll finally be picking my car up in the morning and going over to hers to collect the rest of my stuff. Staying on my boat tonight, back on the water tomorrow afternoon for an hour or so, take some time out of the city. Had an awkward moment today, might be feeling a bit guilty about it to be honest, but it’s not like I can control my brothers kids, or… well, anyway I just need some brain space. You got anything planned for tomorrow, or will you be recovering from whatever you are drinking? =)  Hope you and your friend are having a good time? Win67'
“And I'm sure Dean will be very glad to see you when he wakes up,” says Sam attempting to lighten the mood and shake Balthazar from his thoughts.
Castiel stills, humming low in his throat as he meets Dean's eyes, “Do you mean to tell me… that mine would be the only cock, to be inside you?”
He peers out the window and frowns as he sees Lisa stood there. He taps on the window and holds up one finger, the ‘I’ll be one-sec’ signal. Lisa nods and waits for him to climb up and off the boat.
As Dean climbs back into his bedroom through the open window, he turns back to the angel and asks, "Hey, what's your name?"
“We’re here,” Called Dean as he opened the front door, noting the weirdly nice feeling of it… Him and Castiel having Thanksgiving dinner together at his brother's house.
Soooooo, my turn?
But Balthazar gives one hard push and Castiel has to move quickly out of the way to avoid getting hit in the face by the heavy solid door. Castiel’s breath catches as Balthazar takes a step into the room, shutting the door behind him.
He texted me… Reads… feels heart speed up, a dopey smile spreads across face… barely holds in a fist pump… He wants to go out for coffee tomorrow… with me. Yes Yes Yes!!! I got a date with Hot Guy. I got a date with Hot Guy! Whoop whoop!
"Doctor sexy... Patrick Swayze... Cas!!? Hello? Are you really that far in the damn closet?"
"What?" Asked Dean hopefully.
“I know, but I don’t want to lose him… I, er…” Dean looks at Sam “I really like the guy, Sam and I think he could like ‘Win67’... So, why not me? He just needs some time to deal with things.”
Comments are much appreciated, thank you =)
“Excellent. Alright then, breakfast.” Castiel proceeds to hand feed Dean, bite by careful bite Dean eats his meal. As the meal goes on, he notices that Castiel’s fingers edge ever closer to his lips, to his teeth, testing him. Eventually, Castiel holds on tightly to a piece of bacon, pushing his fingers into Dean’s mouth and not letting it go. Castiel groans loudly as Dean’s tongue brushed against his finger, then finally he pulls his hand away.
"Oh," Said Dean unfazed, what did he care what some stranger thought of him "Well takes one to know one, eh?"
“Fuck, you can take me in whatever way you want me, Cas”
“Lisa, thank you for agreeing to meet with me,” He says as he reaches the table “I know the first time we met…”
That was how it had been for him, that was how it would be for Dean.
"I'm sorry if I’ve ruined your evening," Said Dean face serious again.
Gasping through the shock he shouts, “Bastard, just FUCK OFF!”
Dean’s eyes flick back to look at his face and his head turns to follow, how can this man, the man who’s had him cuffed to a bed naked for a week, looking sad pull at his heart like this. Why should he feel guilty for not kissing him?
“I think you’re hot, whatever you’re wearing… or not wearing,” smiled Dean, “Need help emptying that huge sack you’ve got there?”
Dean swallowed, there was no way he could say Sams name, just talking about his brother as Castiel fucked him, was wrong… but he’d never said Castiel’s either. How could he call out for the man who was doing this to him?
Dean presses send and almost immediately a new message from Shopboy appears.
So, looks like I’m getting left out again?
Lisa gave Castiel a sad look “I’m sorry to hear that, Dean didn’t go into details about the breakup and it wasn’t my place to ask, but I am sorry you have had to deal with that”
He closed his computer down and put his phone back in his pocket. After putting his shoes back on he left the store, checking the sign was clearly visible in the window as he locked up. He walked home, trying not to think of anything, he just wanted to get home and wash off everything that had happened last night, and brush his teeth he was sure he had beer breath. He thought of Dean, who'd suffered two broken ribs, defending him and his friends. He thought of their talk at the hospital and felt a sudden rush of affection for him, followed closely by guilt. How badly he had misjudged him?
“I couldn’t bear it - not seeing you again.” weeped Dean bitterly, “I hate this. I hate it Cas, having to sneak around, steal moments like this that we can’t even truly enjoy because of my father. I hate him. It isn’t fair, I just want to be with you.”
Castiel looks pityingly down at Dean, “I don’t want you to feel sad Dean, I want you to be happy. I want us to be happy.”
Moving quickly he pulls the cord of the gag up and away from Dean’s face, the four mental ‘legs’ scratch across Dean’s cheeks as the ring in his mouth clacks against his teeth. Balthazar quickly tosses the spider gag aside and covers Dean’s mouth with his hand, pushing his head back against the pillow and he waits until Dean is forced to swallow down every last drop of his seed before removing his hand... and finally, Dean’s blindfold.
“We did,” Sam nods, his eyes finding Eileen who is talking to another hunter in sign language across the room, “I wonder what Jack’s up to, do you think he’ll be alright?”
“Oh aye… Your brother seemed pretty hot for one of my regulars James, although…” the man frowned, placing the glass down on a shelf and scratching the back of his neck, “Not seen James for a few weeks, come to think of it…”
Some invisible force has rendered me motionless, Dean’s finger is on my lip and our eyes are locked and the air is thick with tension. My heart is hammering deafeningly loudly in my chest, the blood in my body is rushing down filling up my…
On the other hand, was Dale. Dale was good looking, funny, and open. He wasn’t at all shy about his interest in Castiel. Somehow, Dale had damaged something inside him, something frayed and threadbare that he’d held on to for so long, something that told him he had to wait for Dean to be ready. It was the hope that Dean would one day act on his feelings, voice his feelings, confess… But he had remained silent. He hadn’t said anything at all. Even when Castiel had paced back and forth in front of him several times unnecessarily, debating what to do. A part of him desperately wanted Dean to stop him from leaving, wanted Dean to do something, say something, anything! But another part of him… wanted to let it go. To finally free himself from this heartbreakingly unrequited love story and actually give Dale a chance, to give himself a chance. When he finally ran out of excuses to stay, he stopped his pacing in front of Dean. The hunter, however, wouldn’t meet his gaze and that was the moment that he finally resigned himself to the fact; he could never have Dean Winchester the way he wanted to. It was time to move on.
Dean sighed “Depends, he hasn’t spoken to me since Meg’s, but he has spoken to ‘Win67’.”
Castiel would be waiting for him inside, it was Friday. Which meant dinner together and a movie with a bottle of wine - usually followed by mind blowing sex and lazy cuddles. They had been spending alternate weekends at each other's places for several weeks now. Getting more and more comfortable in each other's space, as the weeks went on. Eventually, Castiel had given Dean a key to his place and Dean - who had been thrilled and had definitely not teared up, like at all - had gone out to get a key cut for Castiel the very next day…
Breath, you got this. We got this ;-) But… before you get to worked up on what to wear… You might want to try texting Castiel back and saying yes…
“Hello Dean, come in”
“Oh no… I’d keep it in your pants”
The humming and the footsteps get closer and closer, Castiel is in the room now. The humming stops. The footsteps stop. Dean’s grits his teeth, curling his hands around the chains and holding on tightly, bracing himself for whatever was about to happen to him.
“Will do. Is Dean alright?”
Dean laughed at the memory "Well, zombies were always going to be a hit"
Dean’s lips part and Castiel hears him draw in a deep shuddering breath.
Dean looked to where he had pointed to the table at the back of the store, an escape from speaking to the employee with the intense blue eyes opening up right in front of him, "Erm, yeah I will. Thanks."
“I understand that you’re a complete nutcase!” snaps Dean angrily.
“Not yet?” Teased Lisa and Dean smiled
Castiel's brain seems to short circuit for a moment. He was being given a gift, a fresh start with Dean, with no Balthazar, a second chance at a first impression... He strains to keep hearing the doctors words.
“Well, we better start meeting their demands, wanna join me in the shower?”
Gently, Castiel pushes Dean back onto the bed and begins pulling his clothing off, he removes Deans shoes and socks, his pants, his t-shirt and finally, his underwear. He climbs up and straddles Dean, leaning over him to kiss his neck. He licks and sucks at his skin. His own cock, throbs in his pants. Sitting back on his heals he pulls his own t-shirt over his head.
Maybe that was it, it wasn’t exactly a small thing, his ex had forced his way into his house, touched him, hit him, attacked Dean… then disappeared. Where the as Balthazar now? Had he given up? Had he finally realized how far past the line he’d crossed…
I’m like a fucking can of Pringles dude… Once you pop you just can’t stop…
"Well, I can't do any other night this week Cas, meeting Meg tonight for a coffee and tomorrow I have a meeting with my LARP'ing group.. as their Queen, I can't cancel..."
At least if he stayed he would know... but what would that really achieve? If he tried to make the doctor leave, he'd look like an ass, if he tried to flirt with Castiel and got rejected now, it would all be over… Besides Castiel had never really given him any indication that he was interested in him...
"He wants to meet.. 'Win67' " Said Castiel quickly
“No,” says Dean harshly, “Don’t.”
Dean's hands moved to Castiel's thighs and lifted him, tugging him into an easy position for access, he grips his cock with his left hand, dribbling some spit into his right and smoothing it over his dick and Castiel's hole, which made Castiel's breath hitch.
Castiel is staring down at Balthazar in shock of his own actions “Is he…?”
“Yes!” Dean’s hands are duct-taped behind him, resting on the small of his back. His ankles are buckled down and his body is resting over the table. Castiel is circling behind him, a black paddle in his hand. He stares at Dean's ass hungrily with his eyebrow quirked in dominating interest.
Castiel steps into Balthazar’s flat, his breathing instantly shifting from calm to ragged, the bar smells of sweat and alcohol… but here everything was saturated in Balthazar’s sour smell.  Castiel passed quickly through the small living room, opening a door and stepping into the darkened room beyond. He hastily flicked on a table lamp and jumped in surprise at his own face staring back at him in the mirror on the wall. His heart was in his mouth as he closed his eyes and forced himself to calm down.
"No way!” said Charlie and Garth together instantly, Castiel smiled at them both gratefully.
Song #30
"We're going to send him for a CT scan." the Doctor had told them.
Fucking ganging up on me now? Seriously, fine! That’s it. I’m going to eat a whole bowl of chili.
"I would like to bend you over and fuck you against the wall... Would that be alright?"
“Why are you doing this to me?” asks Dean weakly, as he lets his head thud back against the wall.
The aggressive knock on the front door has Gabriel on his feet in seconds. He strides across the living room to the front door and opens it.
"You need to get up now," Said Balthazar not meeting his eyes fully "We have that dinner party this evening... you know for that new book that's coming out?"
“You’re already crazy! Get off me,” says Dean gasping through the bitter taste of powder from the tablet he’d been made to swallow dry.
Then… I want him to squeeze here… and lick there… and
“I know,” says Dean. He sighs and wipes his eyes, “It’s my brother… I miss him. I taught him how to shave and I don’t know… It’s stupid.”
“I was, worked the morning,” Said Garth, leaving out the part where he’d been allowed to leave early as long as he stopped by Castiel’s to see if he was alright.
Sam nodded, looking worried, “Because, you know… Garth.”
“You ordered escargots…?”
“Shh.” Says Balthazar, the hand on Castiel’s neck moves up to cover his mouth and Castiel trembles beneath his hold. Tears begin to well up in his eyes. Balthazar sees them and clenches his jaw “Don’t even think about shouting, or I will give you something to cry about” He whispers.
Dean doesn’t see the heat in Castiel’s eyes at his words, but he does feel a light touch on his pink stinging behind.
Two hours later, he was showered, shaved and dressed smartly as he and Balthazar arrived at The Fantasy Room.
Castiel looked at him, his gladiator outfit exposing his tan legs, his buff arms, the chest plate hugging his torso. He was hot. There was absolutely no way anyone could deny that the first time Dean had walked into Castiel's shop he remembered he'd thought he was breathtaking... But then he had turned out to be the co-owner of the superstore that was about to bring his world crumbling down...
Castiel praises him generously as he sits perfectly still while being shaved with a cutthroat razor. Castiel swept the blade lightly over his chin, feeling the thrill of Dean’s life being in his hands but never once considering ending it. When he was done, he saw that Dean’s eyes were misty and he frowned at him, checking his face for cuts.
“You got some flowers?” Asked Dean, not willing to let that go just yet.
“I was looking for Dean… But I do need to speak to you also…”
Ohhhhhh!!! FRIEND =D
Castiel shifted slightly, his cock moving right between the crack of Dean's ass, gliding back and forth.
"You must be Charlie?" Charlie turned and had to take a step back as she had suddenly come face to face with a man's chest, she looked up and grinned nervously.
“Nice try, next” Sam said smiling.
Lisa’s face broke into a grateful smile "Really? Thank you so much, Dean. I promise I'll buy you the biggest burger we can find as a thank you"
Dean left work that day, feeling happy that he could finally call his brother and tell him that his office in the store had been completed. He hadn't expected to be roped into babysitting his niece and nephew the next day so that Sam could go into the store to check his office and set it up with all his personal effects... Jess was at her mother's for the weekend and Sam had been left with the kids.
Castiel had come home and given Dean a drink of water… laced with drugs. He’d guided a weak and tired Dean into the bathroom. Ran him a warm bath full of scented bubbles and washed him carefully becoming obviously aroused at Dean’s naked soapy body beneath his fingers. He’d treated Dean’s wrists, wiping them carefully before bandaging them and then he’d brought Dean back to the bed. Dean had been half asleep as Castiel had opened him up, he’d fucked into him slowly, as though making love, before cuffing him back onto the bed frame and wrapping his arms around him, snuggling into him all night, like the world’s strangest lovers.
Many hours later, Dean pulled the impala up in front of the bunker, the screech of her tires, matching the screaming going on in his own head perfectly. He turns to his brother and they both shake their heads bitterly, their eyes burn with anger and frustration, they hadn’t found Garth, or Jody, or Donna… Bobby and Charlie were from the other world, so bringing them back may have been out of Jack’s reach… but Garth, Jody and Donna? It didn’t make sense.
Dean rolled over coughing, and accepted Cliff's hand and was pulled to his feet. Balthazar glared at him, then Garth.. and finally his eye's fell on Castiel... His expression changed, from anger to defeat.
That’s it… There is no more. I’m exhausted.
Dean turned around to see who had spoken to him and was greeted by a dazzling warm smile, the man who had spoken to him had thick black spiky hair and a shade of stubble, he was dressed in a suit that landed somewhere between smart and casual and as Dean met his eyes, he was instantly struck by just how blue they were.
“Oh?” Castiel was about to ask where Balthazar was, but then another thought struck him… Surely, this was an opportunity. The inside of the bar and the flat upstairs were the only places that Balthazar didn’t have cameras. Castiel knew that Balthazar had kept the possessions from his life before this nightmare had started, he’d searched the house and found nothing. They had to be here. If Castiel could get upstairs into Balthazar’s flat… Maybe he could find them… Maybe he could steal those things back. Then he could take Dean and leave… He could escape.
Castiel pulled out with a low groan and was pulling the spent condom from his cock when... they heard a car pull up outside the house Dean and Castiel both froze, as the headlights of the Impala lit up shadows around the room.
Thank you for reading and please leave me a comment x x x
"I just remembered something... We were meant to be meeting someone and I didn't message them to let them know we were leaving..." Said Castiel reaching in his pocket and grabbing his phone "Do hospitals have wifi?"
“Really good”
"Okay, I gotta admit - I'm kinda impressed with Balthazar..." She made a face like she was disgusted with the words coming out of her own mouth.
"He what?" Asked Balthazar looking furious.
Dean frowns and Castiel waits. Watching as thoughts stir behind those green eyes, as Dean thinks and goes through things in his mind, he sees it in his face before Dean even speaks, he sees it like a switch being flicked. He stares at him, expectantly but patient. Dean’s eyes meet his and his heart beats rapidly in his chest. It’s coming, it’s coming…
PLOT heavy chapter - A little look into why Castiel is, the way he is. Please leave me a comment and let me know what you think <3
Benny returned Castiel's smile before saying softly "Well it's not him I'm worried about in any case..." He blushed before adding “Oh I meant to give your friend Charlie my card, in case she has any questions or pain over the next few days, here” He handed Castiel a card with his number on it “So if any of you need any medical advice or, you know, anything” He coughed not meeting Castiel's eyes “You can call me”
The clock in the living room chimes for midnight and Castiel pulls back slightly, staying only an inch away from Dean, to look into his eyes as he whispers, “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Jo and Meg returned and Charlie soon forgot what she had seen... mainly thanks to the way Meg was dancing around her, Charlie grabbed Meg's hips and sexy danced shamelessly with her, the pair of them laughing and ‘dipping’ each other occasionally.
“You’re sick!” he croaks.
"Going to take them on the boat for the morning. Then will come back for lunch, how long do you need?" asked Dean.
Song Title - Accidentally in Love
His bedroom door opens, his eyes flick open to Dean. Standing in his doorway, staring at him with a horrified expression on his face and holding his hands up toward Castiel in a sign of surrender...
“Er… We got lost?”
"Course, I'll see you tomorrow OK? Call me if you need me, for anything" She added the last bit glancing towards Balthazar before hugging Castiel and walking towards the door.
"Dude, I'm going to have to go home in broad daylight in a frigging cow onesie"
“You don’t have to do anything… But be my back up” Said John standing up “Ash knows which motel he is staying at, so… you in?”
Lisa's shoulders relaxed "Thank you, you are the best. I've been so worried about this, I invited a rival editor group - stupidly, thinking he would decline..."
"Welcome back" Smiled Charlie at him pointedly.
"I might try writing... children's books" Said Castiel, Dean had given him the idea, saying that he could also ask Lisa to check them over before he formally submitted them to the publishers. Castiel had actually loved the idea, since Lisa's company rivaled Balthazar's it gave him a small thrill to know he would be getting one over on his ex, if his books were accepted, of course.
But then Castiel leans down over him as though going to kiss him on the mouth and Dean’s insides squirm. He turns his head sharply to the side.
Dean moves like lightning, his arms rise and he grabs Balthazar’s wrist, digging his fingernails in and twisting sharply until the scalpel falls from the man’s grip. Balthazar lets out a yelp of surprise, his eyes lighting up with shock.
Hearing Dean’s voice, while he was miles away - fighting for his country, hurt and healed him at the same time. He missed him so much that it was as though he was missing a part of himself. He felt a very real physical pain cutting into his chest as he thought about the danger Dean could be in. And a very real reassurance as Dean’s voice sang to him - that Dean would be fine. He’d come home and they would be together again. He had to come home.
Dean blinked out tears, “I can’t… I can’t…”
“Don’t…” Said Castiel, not looking at Dean “I’m so embarrassed, I shouldn’t have… Yesterday was a very strange day and I think it all caught up with me. You’d been so nice to me… But I shouldn’t have ‘put the moves on you’ in your brothers home…”
Feeling happier now that he wasn't going to be spending the evening alone he decided to text Balthazar back.
"You should go with them too," Said Meg looking at Dean, who seemed surprised to be included  "Get that rib checked out. Cas and I will follow in the next one"
Castiel nods, trying not to look too nervous? Excited? He stands up slowly, “Yes, I better get them. Needs to be done tonight.”
“I’m fine,” Castiel heard himself say. But Dean was still staring at him, such intense guilt in his expression that it just made Castiel feel worse. He cleared his throat and said “Thank you for the warning, Dean. I’m not very hungry, so I am just going to go home”
‘Win67’ and he spoke nearly every day, about this and that. Sometimes light-hearted conversations about tv shows or books, sometimes deeper topics like how they both felt about living alone now.
"That the skinny guy from the restaurant?"
“SOMEBODY HELP ME!” Dean screams out, thrashing against the bed as though the cuffs will suddenly loosen.
О, да… О, да… О, да. Сложнее! Ебать дать его мне!
Balthazar's face hardened "I told you not to wait up, I would have told you what time I would have been home but I didn't know. I just wasn't expecting you to still have guests"
“You don’t listen… do you?” asks Castiel, “This might be my kill room… but you are here to be taught a lesson. Turn.”
'Good morning. I have to say I'm a green enthusiast, but the orange leaves do look very nice and remind me that my second favorite holiday, Halloween is just around the corner. Sorry about your car, hope it is something that can be fixed. So, what is your favorite color? - Shopboy'
Dean's face scrunches together as he thinks about his friend... Well, it's Cas... Obviously, the guys adorable, funny, even though he messes up on a cosmic scale he always tries... He has a good heart, great hair, ocean blue eyes, a smile that would melt the polar ice cap, strong muscular... Wait.
“No, it isn’t fair. I can’t… I can’t do this anymore. I need to be with you, be able to touch you properly, to hold you, to wake up next to you. I don’t want anything, as much as I want you…”
"Thank you, Gabe," Said Garth as he closed his door "He was cool"
“Really?”
"Sammy," He said out loud forgetting momentarily about the glass wall in front of him and that his brother who was walking into the store below wouldn't be able to hear him. He tutted at himself and walked over to his door, opening it and calling down to his brother "Hey Sam"
"Oh yeah," said Dean, "Did we say we were going to that?"
about him.
Dean shifted guiltily "I'm really sorry Cas"
"I know. But honestly... even if you and Balthazar are both ok with not having sex, are you happy with everything else in your relationship?"
"Charlie," said Castiel stopping her, "I'm not talking to you about mine and Balthazar's sex life."
Fuck sake, Dean… He is eating. Get a grip. What the hell is wrong with you. You are NOT getting turned on by seeing Castiel eating pasta.
Dean grunts out something that sounds like ‘fuck you’ under his gag and Castiel smiles at him.
Sam frowns “Dean?”
Actually, that would be me. Forgot about me? Did you… I’m not surprised… I haven't seen any action in over a year. You know you’re really letting us down… right?
It opens and Dean steps inside the darkness of the room and closes the door behind him, quickly fumbling for and feeling immense relief when he finds a lock, he locks it. Feeling himself take a breath for the first time since seeing Balthazar immerge from the kill room upstairs.
"Truer words were never spoken" Agreed Charlie absently rubbing her nose "Hey Cas, you ok?"
He hoped if he expressed to Balthazar that he had enjoyed last night, Balthazar would take the hint and they could spend some more 'just us' time together - whether it is in the bedroom or not.
“Come out, come out, wherever you are…”
Ah jeune amour...
"Dean, I want you..."
“Gabriel!” snapped Castiel turning to his brother, “You didn’t think to clarify that it was drag racing?!”
Balthazar looked at him "I don't know how you want me to be Castiel, I got in and I was tired and you did say she was only going to be here for a few hours"
Dean’s face paled as Castiel spoke. Castiel was stood right over him now and his expression suddenly changed from doting to dark.
“You are beautiful, Dean. You might be the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen…” Castiel’s hands fall to Dean’s waist, “I mean look at you..” he says smoothing his fingers over Dean’s tanned skin, “laid bare before me like this. You’re more stunning than the moon, more dazzling than the sun…” Castiel’s eyes flick up to meet Dean’s again, “I’m going to keep you.”
“Surprise?” asked Dean, perking up again now that he knew Castiel wasn’t leaving him. Castiel had found Dean’s hands with his own and held them, bringing up one of Dean’s hands to his lips and planting a gentle kiss on the back of his knuckles.
Dean cleared his throat, “How long will you be…”
"We'll be ready," Said Sam next to him confidently.
Look I fit into Dean’s Asshole, it’s
Castiel’s face flashes with anger before he quickly schools his expression, “Why do you say such things to me? You know I’m not going to let you go Dean, not ever. You belong to me. You should be grateful that I take such good care of you… and that I want to make you feel good. Don’t you want to feel good?”
Dean looked at Castiel as he stood up.
"Ohh," Said Dean stalling as he tried to figure out what to say that wouldn't raise questions.
“Which is?”
"Yeah sure, when he's here. Look I know you 'love him', and I try to keep out of it - well no that's not true, I don't. But I am being serious right now Cas - you can do so much better. He treats you like a doormat."
“Well, no… But…”
“He’s not in,” offered Meg following his gaze.
"I'm fine" Garth was walking towards them "Hey Cas, where's Meg?"
“Is this not good?”
Another vampire charges at him and Castiel quickly raises his angel blade to slash at the vampire attacking him, narrowly avoiding the razor-sharp teeth as the vamp lunges for his neck, snapping his fangs and spitting blood from his snarling mouth.
Maybe that was the problem, he’d never said it. Too scared of being honest with himself after years of burying feelings and lying to those around him. Sleeping with countless, nameless women in the past to cover up the truth, that the one person he really wanted to be close with, in that way, was in fact… a man, and not just any man. Oh no, he had only gone and fallen for his best friend, speaking of…
"Course," Said Castiel "You want anything to eat before you go?"
"No, I'm fine. Didn't think it would leave a bruise, to be honest." said Balthazar, closing his eyes again, "You going to work?"
Dean nods, “Yeah… I understand.”
Kicking out and trying to get on his feet, Dean is panicking and yelling out. He hears the door open, he hasn’t been outside his bedroom in about a month, the fear that Castiel dragging him out of it produces is nothing short of paralyzing. Where is he taking him?
Dean made his way through to the kitchen and put the kettle on, ready to give a hand with breakfast by getting the grown-ups coffee. As Sam, Ellen and John entered the kitchen Dean’s phone rang. Dean gave his brother the ‘Good morning’ nod of the head as he picked up his phone…
Castiel looked at Dean, who shrugged at him before turning back to Jess and stepping forward “Yes, thank you…” He followed Jess into the kitchen.
And while you’re at it, why not install security cameras so you can record the poor guy as he passes… Creep.
"Kill zombies!" shouted John happily. Dean looked questioningly to Ellen...
Which was only added to as Charlie dropped a New York Times on the keyboard in front of him, and was pointing to an article 'Winchester Super Store; set to open October 1st'. He looked up at her.
Castiel stopped himself from asking her of her knowledge of this and said instead, "It's not like that. We just E-mail. It's really nothing, on top of which I'm thinking of stopping because it's getting..."
"Hey. I'm Dean," said Dean, nodding toward the bar, "Buy you a drink?"
"Of course not. But please let me get you something from Meg's first, or I'll worry that you haven't eaten" Said Castiel grabbing his jacket quickly and heading out the store before he could argue, Garth watched him leave sadly.
Dean opened the back door to the Impala and pulled a heavy box to the edge of the seat, glancing at Castiel before he turned back to open the top fold of the cardboard box…
"Ow, ow... Stop. Wait." Dean gritted out as Castiel poked at his hole with his cock. Cas stopped straight away at Dean's words, he waited pressing a kiss into Dean’s shoulder in comfort.
The machine's sudden manic beeping forces his eyes open… Numbers that he doesn’t really understand begin rise and fall on the screens of the noisy machines. All he knows is that something is wrong… He couldn’t heal Jack, he’d… he’d made him worse?
Castiel pulled his jacket from his shoulders and laid it over the back of his chair before turning to face Lisa again, “I’m thinking… teenagers. I want to do something that can have a plot and maybe a little danger. I have a few ideas, but nothing set in stone yet… Writing is hard.”
Dean glances back at Castiel over his shoulder, "Why?"
His face hardens. His eyes narrow at Dean. A fit of ugly jealousy building in his chest, with a bitter feeling of rejection fueling it. He meets Dean’s worried gaze with his venomous glare.
Lisa laughs “No, but what does is that he mentioned you’d got hurt helping him… He told me a little more about what happened between him and Balthazar. Piecing together the rest and correct me if I am wrong but I am assuming some kind of fight broke out? I came… To offer you some advice.”
“Why, did you leave me? What are you even doing out here? Running around, clearly in pain on a bloody leg, when you could have been wielding sexcalibur with me?”
"So, Dean. I have only one question for you..."
At the end of the day he locked up, flipped the sign from 'open' to 'closed' and he, Garth and Charlie began cleaning up the store. Tidying away books that had been picked up by kids and dusting the shelves and hoovering. After another half, an hour Castiel was closing up and pulling the metal shutter down in front of the store window.
"Nooo" whined John, "I get sick on the boat."
Text Castiel! You text him now!
Dean held up his hands, "Look I am not trying to sound like a dick, but I'm twenty-four, I know what I look like and it ain't half bad and I have been single for over a year... But hey man... Your loss." He turns and starts walking away and although that had been Castiel's plan... To spare this beautiful creature from... well, himself, now seeing this man moving away he knew he couldn't allow him to escape, something primal and possessive had sparked to life inside him and he just knew he needed Dean. He had to have him.
“Fuck!”
If possible Dean's face pales further "Everyone?"
"Yes" Smiled Castiel, grateful that he wasn’t stuck with an awkward - ‘who are you?’  "How did your niece and nephew like their books?" He asked with interest.
An Eggplant? Whatever that means.
"No, I’m fine" Smiled Castiel "And 'idiot' doesn’t really begin to describe him"
Good, you?
Dean glanced at the door, he could get into trouble if he told this man the truth and he exposed him for it...
Song Title - Don't Let Me Down
"Dean... I don't believe you."
"I don't know, a few hours. I'll call you. John and Ellen are excited to see you" he said.
"Do you find me attractive, Dean?"
"Have you seen this?" asked Balthazar passing Castiel the newspaper as he passes him when coming out of the bathroom.
Three French Hens
Castiel pushes in harder, “I can’t, Dean… Ah-h fuck. I’m going to come.”
“Absolutely…”
Types out message. Deletes. Types out a new message. Deletes… Throws phone across the room... cracks the screen. FUCK.
Lisa took a long sip from her wine and looked up towards Dean. Dean for his part just said "Erm" and then looked at Lisa.
What if he had survived and named him as an accomplice? As far as he knew, only Dean and Balthazar naming him would lead the police to him. He’d returned to the house, he’d removed his clothes, the photo album. He’d changed the bedding on the bed he’d been sleeping in, taking the used sheets with him. He’d wiped down the surfaces he knew was most likely to give away evidence of his presence. He’d destroyed Balthazar’s laptop. He’d done the best he could as quickly as he could and then, he’d gotten into his car and driven away.
Castiel smiles as one of Dean’s thumbs brush over his cheek, wiping away the tears, “I am happy Dean, that’s why I’m crying…”
Dean looked back at the car keys in his hands to his parents' smiling faces, stunned he had to ask, "Wait, for real?"
“Look at you, needing me so much. Don’t worry, I’ll always be right here for you,” says Castiel proudly, as he strokes the side of Dean’s face. “I’m always going to come back, you know? No matter how cross you make me, I’ll always come back.”
Smiling Lisa listened to some of Castiel’s ideas for stories, he had some ‘good bones’ as she called it. After a while they got a second coffee each and Castiel had a good idea for a book that Lisa agreed was ‘in trend’ and would sell, if written well.
His eyes travel the room, Castiel’s clothes, Castiel’s slippers, Castiel’s glass of water on the bedside table, his lips touched that glass, far more recently than they touched any part of him. He reaches for the glass but stops as his eyes fall on the photo album next to it. He frowns, recognizing it as their photo book. Their collection of ‘beautiful things’. Had Castiel missed him so much that he’d been sleeping next to their book of trophies?
His hand passes the glass of water, reaching instead for the photo album, his slender fingers wrap around the cover and pull it back to reveal the first photo.
“I don’t know, maybe Thanksgiving? So… any advice?”
“Shit,” Mutters Dean slamming the door shut again, he dashes to the next, catching a glimpse of Balthazar approaching as he turns, he pulls on the handle to the next door…
"We won," giggled Mary excitedly, clearly they'd had a few drinks at the casino.
"Is he alright?" Asked Dean as Charlie and Garth exchanged glances.
“I was thinking we could have a few drinks, watch a movie… You could stay the night… if you wanted?”
“I’m good, I’ve been writing” Said Castiel closing and locking the door behind her “How are you?”
“Sure do” Smiled the doctor "I can take you to him in a minute"
Dans sa beauté réside ma mort et ma vie
) slammed their bags into the trunk of the impala, loudly, behind them.
'I like the color blue. Like the ocean on a really sunny day,' He paused, for a moment thinking 'Have you ever been sailing on a really calm day, when it's so calm that its more like drifting than sailing and everything seems to slow right down and it's just you and the water... And it's so blue that you get lost looking at it... That's the kind of blue I like. My car is going to the doctors tomorrow, a little garage a friend of mine recommended, I imagine this is what it must feel like when your kids start school and your leaving them with strangers for the first time... I don't actually have kids myself so I can't really compare but I'm dreading leaving my baby with strangers tomorrow. She was my dad's car, and he passed her on to me... To make matters worse I have to attend a dinner tonight with my girlfriend that I really don't want to go to, but she always comes to events to do with my business so I guess I'll grin and bear it for her... as long as she doesn't force-feed me salad again. Win67'
Fuck, how did this happen? His heart hammered against his chest as his panic rose. Keeping his eyes closed, he'd planned to pass it off as just usual sleep shifting... But then, the bed - wobbled slightly? What the fuck... No, it wasn't the bed... It was Dean. Dean was moving... Castiel's eyes flew open as he realized what was happening. Dean's quiet panting little breaths, his arm moving back and forth, gently, slowly... Holy shit. Dean was jacking off, right next to him, Castiel’s arm hung over his chest, mere inches away from where he was obviously touching himself...
“To Dean, from Cas…
The orange and red reflected in his eyes as he stood back and watched, the black smoke rising up in curls. The smell of burning filled his nostrils. He looked at the lighter in his hand and tossed it lazily into the water by the burning boat.
“I’ll take the couch, you can stay in the spare room,” Says Dean leading Castiel down the hall.
That’s my boy.
“No.”
Some of the ladies dancing wished him good luck, some of the farmers told him where to stick it, but he didn't mind he reasoned that you couldn’t win over everyone. He just wanted to win over Dean. He hoped he’d done enough to show the hunter just how important he was to him…
Six Geese a Laying
He scrolled through his contacts until he came to Dean’s name and tapped his phone against his chin thoughtfully before shrugging and opening a new message to Dean.
Dean was ready. It had occurred to him, that although Castiel knew that 'Win67' was bisexual. He didn't know that Dean was, so Dean had found a Halloween costume that he hoped would get him some attention, and hopefully bring up the topic.
"You are serious?" Sam peeped in the window "Well, I guess your kinda off the hook then... There is no way that that guy is gonna want to have a drink with us.."
Castiel pressed forward as Dean spoke, his hard dick breaching Dean’s unprepared hole slowly, “Is your brother here?”
Cas, also flushed and now terrified, after jumping away from the hunter. “I swear Dean Winchester if you are about to have some mid-life gay panic and leave me now... You'll never see me again.”
“Me too. I didn’t even need to be out in the garden half the time, I was just hoping to see you”
“I’ll have a coffee, thank you” Smiled Lisa. She watched Castiel move away to the counter, he was attractive, tall, dark hair… Dean’s type, she thought to herself with a smile. He’d sounded almost giddy when she had agreed to meet up with Castiel and it had Lisa wondering if there was more to this ‘friendship’ than Dean had been willing to let on.
Charlie narrowed her eyes, thinking... Dean was surprised to see a cheeky grin start to spread across Charlie's face, he frowned at her.
I hope this can happen again. Hope it wasn’t a one-off…
Oh sweet fucking jesus. What the hell? This is what I’ve been missing? Why did no one tell me!? Fffgghhnnnnnkkk.
"I'm lost..." He confesses... "Without you. I need you"
He shook his head side to side and bit his lip, he'd already admitted it, to Sam... He liked 'Shopboy' and now, he had discovered he liked Castiel too. He knew Castiel liked 'Win67', he had confessed to Dean that 'Win67' had made him feel better when he felt lonely, that he felt they had a connection. He remembered hearing those words spill from Castiel's lips and felt the same squirming in his stomach. Yup... he was crushing. Hard. There was only one thing to do now.
“Dean, I want you to drink some of this water, then when you’re calm, I will take you to the bathroom and you can wash while I change the sheets on the bed.” Dean nods and Castiel carefully pulls the gag from between Dean’s lips to offer him a drink. Dean drinks thirstily, he knows that he’s being drugged, but he is too tired and dehydrated to care.
“Uncle Dean!!!” Cried out John throwing his arms around Dean’s middle and winding him slightly
"I'm nineteen Sir," Dean said deciding to trust the man.
"Nope," Said Dean smiling, "Told you, before midnight, drinks are on me"
So, Michael was out of the picture… But perhaps he could win Castiel back, besides, he thought
"You did." pointed out Castiel, fighting back amusement.
No Dean, Castiel isn’t in your fridge… Step away from the mini pies.
“Nghn” Dean wants to tell Castiel to fuck off and not to touch him… but the hand around his cock grips a little tighter and Dean’s stomach muscles flex and twitch as he tries to push his cock into Castiel’s hand further.
“What kind of demands?”
"Castiel?"
"You would be nothing without me Castiel" Spat Balthazar getting right in Castiel's face as Castiel backed up until his head thudded against the wall behind him, Balthazar grabbed the front door and slammed it shut before turning back to Castiel "You can't kick me out Castiel. You love me, you're just angry, but you will get over it"
All I can think is... I want him to get that out of breath and sweaty working out on me, gawddddd just picturing him bending me over the car bonnet right then and there and fucking me silly...
Thanks, sorry, just not ready for you to see me all disgusting yet, got an image of being ‘hot’ to uphold ;-)
"You want me to see if we have any going? I will... If you think they'd want to work for me..."
He'd told them of the night he'd met Dean, how the two of them had been in Balthazar's bar and how they'd hit it off... and how Balthazar had seemed jealous of Castiel's interest in Dean.
"Did Balthazar say you were?" asked Charlie reading between the lines, with a frown on her face.
Thought Castiel to himself, there was no way he could pretend he didn't know what Dean was doing, no way he could act like he didn't know that Dean's hand was even still holding his cock.
"I would rather live the rest of my life in a shitty one bed flat, alone than spend another second with you Balthazar" He could feel his arm freeing from Balthazar's grip...
Balthazar shook his head taking a step backward. That was all the room Castiel needed. He straightened up, took a step away from the wall, drew back his arm, curled his hand into a solid fist and brought it crashing down into Balthazar's face. Balthazar fell to the floor... out cold in one punch.
“Dean?”
Castiel rolls his eyes and turns away from Dean without answering his question “I’ll need to go to the store tomorrow, to get some more food in. Any requests?”
Dean meets Balthazar's darkened eyes, feeling his heart clench in a freezing vice grip.
The cute guy was outside on his front today… I think... Well...I scared the shit out of him… He was clearly building something and I thought this would be a great opportunity to speak to him… Ask him what he was making…
Castiel took a deep calming breath and turned his phone back on too loud, he opened his front door, leaving it deliberately wide open as he stepped through and into his living room.
'Sorry, I didn't message back last night. Hope you didn't get force fed anything green. You can vent to me whenever you like - shopboy" He sent this very short message and closed the laptop. He didn't want to seem like he was ignoring 'Win67' but he was more focused right now on him and Balthazar 'As I should be' He thought to himself. He pulled a notepad from the draw and decided to leave Balthazar a note.
And then Castiel realized, he hadn't thought of 'Win67' all day, hadn't messaged him or wished him a happy Thanksgiving... He'd been too distracted, by Dean... He pulled his laptop toward him and opened up the messages. Writing out and sending a short message.
“James…” Dean’s voice is laced with fear that he is clearly trying to control.
He hears Dean's words in his head, tumbling round and round. 'Should he complain? Should he tell Dean each and every time he hurts him or makes him feel useless... Should he confess that it stings more coming from him than any other living soul because it's his opinion of him that matters the most...'
Castiel felt both pleased and guilty when he saw that Luke looked outraged, "Hey, the fuck you think you're doing?"
“I don’t know? I just pointed at the menu. What is it?”
"Shall we get out of here?" he asked, she nodded and followed him in silence until they were on the street.
Balthazar rolled over, eyes still closed and smiled at him sleepily, "Hi."
Castiel led Dean to the garages feeling nervous. He handed Dean a card as he entered the garage.
“Lisa, I’m not… We haven’t…” Dean stammered turning red.
“I’ll bring you some breakfast in a bit when I've calmed down.” He says quietly, before slowly leaving the bedroom. Closing the door behind him, Castiel’s face breaks into a smile, Dean’s feeling guilty about not kissing him…
Dean had been very kind and arranged for Castiel to meet up with Lisa so that he could ask her about how publishing would work, he knew a fair bit from Balthazar of course, but it would be silly to turn down any offers of help or advice when he was just starting out.
“That’s the longest tongue I’ve ever seen… If we only we were giraffe’s”
"Hmmm," Dean looked at her thinking... When it came to business she was brutal, but this was his - personal - business and he wished she could tell the difference sometimes.
Around Dean were three other drag Queens, each in a matching green elf’s outfit. One of them tapped on a Glockenspiel as ‘All I Want For Christmas Is You’ - by Mariah Carey, started playing. Another beat at a drum as the third strummed at a guitar. A spot light found Dean, at centre stage and looking slightly nervous as he took hold of the microphone. His eyes found Castiel, who tilted his head at him in a confused question, Dean smiled and began singing…
He is going to be here any minute… Does my room look ok?
Dean and Sam laughed “Good, go and set up Monopoly in the living room”
‘Yes. A friend came to see me, he brought bacon, everything is better with bacon. :) Shopboy’
"Your
Castiel cringes and offers an apologetic smile “You were right to.” Said Castiel quietly, looking up at Lisa "I misjudged him"
Castiel got out of bed as Balthazar rolled back over. He walked to the bathroom, disgruntled by yet another bedroom rejection - why didn't Balthazar want him? He went to take a shower 'looks like I'll be taking care of myself again today' he thought grumpily as he stripped his boxers off and stepped into the tub.
Dean looked uncomfortable “Are you sure… You know I could just stay in a hotel?”
Dean shook his head "Nah, I'll walk back"
Dean smiled weakly "Yeah... That's when I found out it was Castiel I was talking to... Where are you going? Can we talk about this?"
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh, is that your mystery messenger?" Charlie asked, eyes ablaze with mischief.
I hope he touches me… here.
"I'm fine," Said Castiel waving off Sam's concern. He turned and walked away, toward the room the Winchester's had told him was his own... Was it still? Did he still belong here...
Castiel smiled sadly “Thanks, Garth. So, how do you like working for Dean?”
Darkness.
“Mmm, yeah?”
He slows down, walking carefully and moving branches out of his way, stepping over tree roots that were sticking out from the ground, getting closer and closer to the sounds of sirens. He stops suddenly when he spots the flashing lights through the trees and crouches down, watching. There is Sam Winchester’s car, the front smoking where it wrapped around the trunk of a tree. The windshield is cracked and a lower branch from the tree had gone through it into the car.
Who, me?
"Ohhh. Where's Benny gone?" Asked Meg looking at Castiel "Thought you were in there for sure"
He set down his now empty bottle, carefully keeping his eyes down as he watched the familiar dress shoes appear at the edge of his vision. One look in those stunning blues and he’d do something drastic and stupid; like dropping to his knees in front of Castiel and begging him not to go.
If you are going to run past Dean’s house… You should give me a little freshen up before you go… You know, just in case.
“Which is why you were asking about security,” Said Sam catching on “Ok, well we have camera’s all around the store and there is a sensor for more expensive items above the door… But maybe we should think about hiring a guard?” He turned to Dean, who nodded.
Dean stared at Castiel, thinking over his words “I do like you… You know that, right?”
"Yeah.. because..." She cut off, looking even more nervous now, she took a deep breath before continuing "Because you were always with me.” She ran a hand through her hair “I wonder if... I mean. Would it be totally weird if I asked you to come tonight? Just as friends of course... I don't mean to just drop this on you Dean, and I understand if its to quick but I would be really grateful for some backup and it would be a good chance to see if we can still be friends, what do you think?"
“Don’t screw it up, Jerk.”
Castiel feels those words float through the air towards him and merge into his skin, filling his heart to bursting point, he smiles back at Dean and says, “Well, it’s a good thing because I know I love you, Dean. I have for a while, so hearing you say that… You have no idea what it means to me.”
“Well, I told Jess what you told me but the kids just think your friends coming for Thanksgiving… Hopefully, they won’t ask anything to awkward…”
Charlie planted a sloppy kiss on Castiel's head, "It says your boyfriend needs to buck up his idea's. But you know, you'll always have me!"
Balthazar looked from Castiel's face to Garth's, realizing he was too late, Castiel followed his eyes and it told him everything he needed to know... What Garth had said was true, not that he’d really doubted his friend, Garth wasn’t a liar, but it was still jarring to have what he’d said confirmed so obviously.
Balthazar is holding a gun just in the frame of the image. A gun that is pointing down at a distressed-looking Castiel. Castiel is bent over another man on the table thing, Castiel and the other man are both naked and Castiel’s cock is buried deep within his ass. Beneath Castiel, the man's hands are tied behind his back and his eyes are rolled back into his head. In Castiel’s hand, is a large, shiny knife.
“You could stay with me?” Said Castiel suddenly as though a light bulb had lit up over his head “You can stay with me”
Dean felt the words hit him like winter, icy and dark. They crawled into his ear, slithered down his neck and skipped along his spine, sending tingles of shuddering dread through his body.
Castiel looks up towards Dean, there are tears in his eyes as he nods his head. Dean takes a deep breath and steps towards Balthazar… “He is a man, he doesn’t need you, he doesn’t want you and you are fucking crazy if you think for one second that I am just going to walk out and leave you alone with MY boyfriend.”
Dean fixed Sam with a look that clearly said ‘Yes I fucking do’ and Sam said in a hushed voice “If you think he would be capable of something like that… You think… I mean, do you think he thought you were in it at the time?”
“Jessica,” He said softly “How are you and the kids?”
“Don’t worry, Dean,” says Castiel, his eyes darken as he slips an arm around Dean and squeezes him tightly, “I will always be here for you. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Shut up,” says Dean, but his words have no real heat to them and then he slowly nods in agreement, and concedes, “Yeah, it is.”
Moving swiftly, he stalks toward Dean and grips him by the waist, walking him backward until a grunt escapes Dean as his back hits the wall. Castiel lifts one of Dean’s legs up high and lets it rest against his waist as he quickly grabs the other, raising that one up too. He reaches under Dean’s thigh and finding his own cock, guides it up and inside of Dean’s entrance.
"Of course, don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine. Come on, let's go... we can finish the rest of this tomorrow afternoon," Said Castiel
Balthazar was walking over to him, with drinks… A stern expression on his face. "I can not believe you were just talking to him," He said harshly, turning his head to watch Dean through the crowd.
Sam smiled “Yeah, driving me and Jess round the bend a little, but they’re good. What are you doing?”
“I’m going to make a few calls.” Said Sam kissing the top of Jess’ head and squeezing her gently “For one… I need to tell the guys at the store to keep an eye out... and Charlie.”
Castiel's phone started ringing, he pulled it from his pocket pressing answer, but Balthazar had gotten to his feet and swiped at him knocking his phone out of his hand and it fell to the floor landing under the armchair.
“Charlie… I am sorry for that night… I don’t know what came over me… I want to make things right, with you and Castiel”
Balthazar wouldn’t allow Castiel to feel that bliss until he was truly convinced that he would feel it in its entirety. When Castiel had finally been ready, Balthazar had showered him in affection, he’d bathed him, fed him, smoothed massaging oils into his bruise faded skin and then… He’d taken him on a journey up the highest mountain, a journey to sensuality, he’d brought him to that highest peak with his mouth and his fingers and then, finally, pushed him over that edge and into heaven on his throbbing cock.
"I was there, I will back you up. I have no reason to lie" Said Jo, Garth nodded and they walked back to the table without buying anything from the bar.
John glances at his son and gives him a knowing wink, before knocking on the door. Standing up straight, his shoulders squared, John narrows his eyes and waits to meet the man who had set Dean’s boat on fire. Behind him, Sam shifts nervously, he doesn’t know what his father has in mind and he can feel his heart rate climbing in anticipation of what could happen. After a few moments they hear movement from inside the room.
"Castiel"
Yes… and his lips are so soft. His hands were holding me, one sliding into my hair…
he thinks as he subconsciously wipes his sweaty palm on the front of his jeans. He walks up to the front door, the crunching of the gravel beneath his work boots sounding so deafening in the otherwise quiet street. He reaches the front step and slides the key into the lock turning it gently to open the door.
The shop opened and a steady flow of customers kept them busy until lunchtime when a slow hour gave Castiel the chance to log in to his Match.com profile and check if he had a new message from 'Win67'. No new messages, he felt a twinge of disappointment as he closed his profile and clicked out of the page.
"Bye guys, be good. And look after your uncle for me OK?" said Sam, hugging them both quickly before getting back into his car, beeping and driving away.
"I'm yours for the time you have paid for me," Dean said repeating "Yours to do whatever you like with"
"Balthazar... What the…?"
“Sure, thanks,” Dean called back “So… About this week. I was thinking… I could pay you like a week's rent?”
“Go away!” Shouts Castiel loudly, panic coursing through him.
Castiel couldn't help it, he was laughing too, "You are insane!"
"I should have done this the other night" Said Dean angrily, spying Castiel's shocked face somewhere in the group of people behind Balthazar for a second, before his eyes fell back on Balthazar as he said
"Yeah," Said Dean rolling up his sleeves and picking up a box of books “Let's get stuck in though.. just in case"
Castiel's thoughts are shaken from his head as Dean begins to move inside him, pulling back and pushing slowly forward again... There is no rhyme to it. Dean quickly becoming wild with lust... When he starts slamming into him, Castiel is unable to stop himself from crying out. It's hot and desperate and everything he dreamed sex with Dean could be. Like they couldn't get enough of each other, Castiel tugging Dean down into him and Dean pressing himself deep inside of Cas like he was made to fit there perfectly, like he was a part of him, that Castiel hadn't realised he was missing.
He tapped his fingers on the side of his computer debating sending something to 'Win67', but decided against it and pulled out the vodka and some glasses from the cupboard instead.
It’s not going to fit.
Dean sighed "I'm Winchester books and he was Heavens Library... I put him out of business, being my friend after that is one thing... but..."
Charlie's face lit up again, "Alright then, what are you going to say?"
Shopboy and Win67 had talked long into the night about music and movies, Thanksgiving, and other things. Dean felt a little weird about it if he was honest with himself. He knew Castiel was feeling conflicted about him, but he also wanted to be there for him and being ‘Win67’ gave him the opportunity to be. He worried about how Castiel would react when he eventually found out Dean and ‘Win67’ were the same person, would Castiel be angry with him? Would he be disappointed?
"Yeah," encouraged Dean, sounding lusty again, "Slow, like that..."
"Dean, Sir."
I don’t actually speak French...
Castiel nods solemnly, “That’s true I suppose.”
“Dean…?” Castiel’s voice quakes as he looks into Dean’s eyes, his face is speckled with blood and his breathing comes in quick little gasps, looking down at his chest, Castiel can see the telltale claw marks of a hellhound… “Dean… No…”
... I began to feel... better. Like I wasn't alone. And even though he had a girlfriend and I was with Balthazar... I thought we seemed to have a connection... Sounds stupid I know" Said Castiel feeling ashamed, he knows that he would never have cheated on Balthazar, but he also knows how it sounds to say ‘I was talking to someone online’.
Yes, Castiel felt a little shit about using Luke as a prop in this 'game' with Dean, but... this was Dean-in-denial-Winchester, desperate measures were required.
Ohmygod Hi. So nice to finally meet you! Huh, look at that... we’re about the same size.
Garth shakes his head “Dean’s alright, but don’t worry, there’s no contest, you’ll always be the best boss I ever had”
“Well, On Sunday morning he messaged me asking how I was and if I was hungover and stuff… I didn’t reply on Sunday, because well after you left Charlie I went back to bed and then Balthazar and I went to that book launch at The Fantasy Room… Anyway, I replied on Monday morning… that I had been hungover and was feeling better now and that I was avoiding drinking for the foreseeable future and he said something along the lines of, then I guess now wouldn’t be a good time to see if you wanted to meet for a drink?”
Suddenly, Castiel pulled back with wide eyes and a shocked expression on his face, “Damn, I forgot the French Hens!”
He looked longingly at the food before turning and following Balthazar away from it and through the crowd towards a very smartly dressed woman with dark hair. "Lisa" Balthazar smiled fakely at her
“Y-you do.” whimpers Dean.
‘Hello Dean, I am really sorry and embarrassed about how I behaved yesterday. I had had a difficult morning, but that is no excuse for me being so short with you. You’ve been nothing but kind and understanding toward me and I thank you for that and for, well, your patience yesterday… (
“Your
Things would have to end... but not tonight, tonight she needed him for her work event and the least he could do, he thought, was go and help her through it.
After a few minutes, Dean finally stops Castiel by lightly catching his arm and smiling “I’m alright…” Dean stands up, wondering what the hell they were going to do with Balthazar, worrying even that maybe they should have called an ambulance… “We need to sort this out…”
“MINE OR SAMS?”
“Cas?” Said Dean sounding heartbreakingly worried
Garth looked at Castiel. It was an expression Castiel had never seen on his face before... Disappointment "You're cheating on Balthazar?" He asked his tone harsh.
Dean feels frozen… The man who’d made him feel hot and flustered earlier was now the cause of this feeling, the feeling of ice coating his heart. His fear was holding his voice prisoner, just as Castiel was holding him.
Dean had accepted it, and Castiel was glad he hadn't pressed the issue. But now... As he was closing the store for the very last time, he wondered if he had maybe let his pride talk him out of a job offer, to lose the shop was bad enough, but if he didn't find another job soon he'd have to move and then he'd lose his house too. Sure the money from selling the shop would last him a while, but it wouldn't last forever.
"Hey," Said Castiel as he reached the doctor's side, Benny handed him the bottle of water he just bought for him "Thank you"
"Dude," Said Sam pointedly
"Take them shopping?" suggested Sam, "Thought you would have loved the excuse to go and buy loads of junk food and spoil them. Take them sailing, if its calm. Take them fishing. Whatever you want to do."
Lisa sighed “I still wonder if I did the right thing sometimes. I know it’s over, but sometimes when a holiday or anniversary comes up, it makes you reminisce. I did love you, still, do as a friend… I hope you know that? And if you ever do manage to land Castiel, you need to talk to him, you know? You keep everything inside and it’s like trying to get blood from a stone.”
Castiel and Sam had spoken to the Doctor while the nurses helped Dean, taking out his nasogastric tubes and checking his vitals.
“Great, then. Let’s go and since Mr Novak here, called in about his brother's disappearance first and since it appears that Dean and Castiel’s disappearances are connected, I’m sure you’ll understand that it makes sense for him to come along too.”
Charlie huffed "Or lack thereof. Seriously, I don't know how you survive... I couldn't go for more than a month without going nuts."
You also forgot Ketch.
"Yeah right," Says Dean pulling a face
"Damn right," Said Castiel suddenly thinking of Dean Winchester's annoying face "Screw Dean Winchester and his bloody 'superstore'."
Charlie nodded, before pulling a thoughtful face and saying "So... Dean Winchester... I wonder if he really did just come in here with his niece and nephew?"
'Hey Cas, it's Dean. Are you free for lunch today? There is something I want to talk to you about.'
Dean didn’t move. Frozen in place.
Pulling back, eyes darkening dangerously Castiel smiles at Dean, "How about a drink?"
Dean is lying beneath him, looking up at him with his lips parted and his hands-on Castiel’s hips. Dean’s breathing is already a little ragged and Castiel isn’t sure if it is from arousal or nerves, all he knows is that it makes his dick twitch and his heart pound.
"Say goodbye for us to the others? We getting out of here"
Balthazar swayed on the spot, looking ill, like he was about to throw up. He closed his eyes, breathing deeply and steadying himself and then opened his eyes again, slowly panning his glare up from the floor to John Winchester’s face.
"Garth and Meg...?" giggled Charlie as she finished her first vodka and coke.
As they went back into the store Charlie closed the door behind them, she watched Castiel as he walked over to the counter.
Thank you for all the lovely comments on the first chapter of this. I was pretty nervous about posting it as I've not done a story where Cas or Dean was the 'baddie' before. So your feedback has been really great. <3
"The point is mind-blowing sex" Grinned Michael pulling Balthazar back down on top of him.
Castiel and Dean sat in silence for a few minutes… Neither knowing what to say. Dean drank the last of his glass of wine and kept glancing over at Castiel… He was much happier than he had been earlier, the cloud of doom that had seemed to settle over him after Balthazar had left had lifted, he was relaxed, handsome… oh so handsome…
He unhooked the charger from his laptop and crossed his legs as he sat back on to his bed, placing the laptop on his knees, and then he began his reply...
Dean gave Castiel a stern look “I know that Cas, I’m just saying she was warning me about him and said to let you know, she only spoke to her friend last night or she would have told you herself.”
"Winchester books.. 67 Impala" She muttered looking at Dean, his jaw flexed and his face paled slightly... "Win67," She said louder. Dean's face gave him away instantly. He looked at her guiltily "Oh... My... God..." She couldn't believe it.
A one-off… But…. I love him… I need him! I need him!
“Just out…” Dean hurries to reassure him “He’s just out, Cas.” Dean scrambles to his feet “Are you alright?”
"Dean, come in," She said and moved out of his way so he could pass her. She closed the door behind him and turned back to face him looking slightly strained.
Dean is hauled through the door and then pulled up to his feet, Castiel slams him back into the wall, laying an arm across Dean’s chest and using it to hold him in place. His other hand is exploring below Dean’s waist until he finds Dean’s dick and takes hold of it firmly.
Dean blocked him as best he could, trying to shift Balthazar’s weight off him, but Balthazar punched him in the side of his head dazing him. Dean’s vision blurred and he shook his head slightly, trying to clear it.
“Did I? What… No. Why?”
"I'm fine... Just go real slow ok?" said Dean quietly, trying to relax again.
"No, Balthazar"
Jo jumped up from her seat "Wait for me" she called following after Meg.
"It'll be fine" Said Dean, he knew Lisa was a great businesswoman, she always had been "Where is it at?"
“Ice cream?” Suggest John
"Where are you going?" called Charlie after him, eyes flicking between Castiel walking away and the laptop left open on the messenger app.
Dean explained his entire weekend to Sam, how he and Lisa had split up but were if anything better friends now for it and about being dragged in to Heavens Library by John and Ellen (To which Sam said "You can tell them no once in a while you know") and about how he’d met Castiel and then how he had been at Lisa's dinner party for her new book and the scene that had unfolded when Castiel finally discovered who he was...
“You alright, Cas?” Asked Dean following his gaze.
Dean turned his head slightly to grin at Cas, "That was fucking, Hot. As. Fuck."
“Well, this is as close as you can be… I’m sure that, even though you can’t see her, she's smiling down at you right now… I’m sure she is very proud of you.”
Castiel and Dean meet for the first time.
even though technically he wasn’t - he just... is. Heck, even some of the demons they’d taken on had known that, he suspected that even Amara and Chuck had known that. How could Castiel suddenly… just… not seem to know? Okay, so Dean hasn’t actually ever actually said it, out loud, to anyone but…
“I can’t believe you’re really here…” whispers Castiel as he works loose the top button to Dean’s uniform shirt.
The apartment is spacious, has two bedrooms. A large bathroom with a shower… and a bath. The ceilings are high and there are large wooden beams going across them that look fantastic. There are low hanging lights from the ceiling that is almost steampunk looking in its design. It’s beautiful, roomy and everything Dean wanted.
Meanwhile, Castiel was sitting in the passenger seat feeling guilty, Dean had just told him he liked him… and Castiel had responded by telling him that he liked someone else? What did that make last night? He’d tried to kiss Dean… He’d spent Thanksgiving with Dean and his family and ok, that didn’t mean he ‘owed’ Dean anything, he knew Dean didn’t see it that way either… But he couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d just made a mistake…
“But you like him?” Pressed Dean… Really pushing his luck.
“Ok, what did we learn?”
Looking small and scared, Dean tugged his jacket tighter around himself and shook his head. Castiel could feel the pain that radiated from the child's chest, through his grace he could detect the bruises that were darkening against Dean’s skin there, the angry ghost-like marks of a fist.
Castiel walked up to him slowly, and pushed him down on to the bed, pulling his socks free from his feet one by one, he wanted Dean completely naked. When he kneeled on the end of the bed and hooked his fingertips under Dean's boxers, he leant over him pressing his lips to Dean's stomach and began worshipping his warm flesh with his tongue and lips. His mouth followed his hands as they slid down, tugging the boxers free and when Dean's cock finally sprung free, Castiel didn't lose a second before wrapping his mouth around it.
“Yes, soon sweetheart, needy in the mornings, are you?” he cooed, “But first… you must take your medicine and it’s been two days, Dean… I know you’re hungry, you have to eat something today, alright? Take the tablet and I’ll make you something nice for breakfast.”
"So what's up, Cas?" Asked Charlie
“You never know.” Castiel winks at the boy, as though sharing a secret and seeming to understand, the boy smiles up at him.
Castiel had reread his message three times before sending it.
Three hours later.
"I'm alright" Lied Castiel "Or I will be tonight" He smiled at them.
"Garth, I would never cheat on Balthazar, alright?" Said Castiel getting annoyed “And frankly I don’t appreciate you implying that I would”
When after another couple of weeks, Sam goes back to work, Castiel continues to visit Dean during the day, working shifts at the bar at night under Megs new management. He visits Dean every day, even though Dean doesn’t remember meeting him, he is happy that he comes to see him. He hates feeling alone and always feels a rush of grateful relief when ‘James’ pokes his head around the door.
Castiel tilted his head and looked with wide eyes at Dean “I don’t know what to say… I didn’t think I’d ever see it again…”
‘In Loving Memory Of Sam Winchester. Brother and Friend’
“Yes, I am.” Castiel shook his head and laughed softly “Now would have been a good time to have a publisher as a boyfriend but things haven’t worked out that way. Balthazar told me some of what his job entailed, but I have a feeling he may have embellished his descriptions of it, in order to accommodate his ‘out of relationship’ activities.”
“Why are you showing me these?” asks Dean numbly.
When Balthazar had once again felt the itch to kill, it was a pretty British man that had caught his eye. Mick Davis had walked into his pub and somehow Balthazar had been helpless to resist him, he had taken him home to share with Castiel and he'd been so proud, watching Castiel torture the man mercilessly, watching him fuck him roughly, watching him enjoy it, Balthazar had killed Mick and then he and Castiel had marked each other in his blood.
“D-Dean…” Castiel’s voice trailed off as the hunter moved to kiss along his jawline, breath coming out in pants from the stimulation. Those lips moved to his neck, shuddering at the feel of Dean’s tongue moving agonizingly slow as he traced an unknown shape, as the man continued pumping him. His mind was blank, but he was feeling overwhelmed with emotions from the admission of something he hadn’t even said out loud yet… or dreamed would ever happen? “Dean…” Castiel tried again, his head lulling back to rest against the wall, his body shuddering, the heat pooling in his groin.
"No, he has a boyfriend..." Said Dean looking even more sheepish
I can’t, I’ve never…
"I'm a warrior, I can't survive on rabbit food!" said Dean laughing.
Dean’s eyes snap up from the suitcase to the top of the stairs. There is Castiel standing on the landing, looking down at him with a strange look on his face. The slightly guilty expression on his face, the face that Dean had kissed a hundred times and it still would never be enough, broke his chilled heart in two.
"I agree, good luck with your new book," Said Castiel to Lisa, before turning one glare on... “Mr. Winchester” He nodded curtly at Dean before turning and walking away, with Balthazar at his side.
“Such a good friend,” Muses Castiel
They are both quiet, not needing to fill the silence that is so deafening around them. They are there for each other, but how can you comfort someone who is going through the same thing that you are. Dean can’t open his mouth to try and comfort Sam, to say some bullshit about how it will be alright when he knows that if anyone tried to tell him, he’d be alright… without Cas… He’d punch them in the throat. He isn’t alright, he isn’t ever going to be alright. Cas is gone, and he hasn't told him the truth. He’d had so many opportunities, but always held it back and for what? Fear? How stupid was that, that fear was nothing in comparison to how he felt right now. The grip Billie had on his heart was a tickle compared to this never ceasing pain. Castiel is gone, he had confessed his feelings to Dean and died to protect him, the selfish noble bastard.
“Plus, it would be nice to see what food looks and tastes like on the way in…”
Gabriel had listened silently, eyes widening in shock as Castiel described how John had beaten his son right in front of his eyes. When Castiel finally finishes, panting a little from his hasty return and the rushed explanation of what had happened, Gabriel speaks, “You’re insane.”
Castiel walks slowly over to the front door, closing and locking it and sinking down against it to the floor. After a moment Dean sits beside him and puts an arm around him, hugging him lightly.
“You are.” Agreed Sam “So, any word on Castiel today?”
“It’s not…” Sam started.
He asks exasperatedly as he tries to steer the conversation on… He internally shuddered at the images his imagination came up with of Cas and Dale. He shook his head to rid those thoughts, replacing them instead with ideas on how to come up with a plan to keep Casteil here… with him.
“It’s fine,” Said Sam looking at Dean, he pointed to the cut on Dean’s face “You’re going to have to clean that up properly though before the kids notice…”
Dean tries to shout out but the words are so slurred that even he can’t remember what they were meant to be. As he jerks his head, trying to dislodge the ring of metal in his mouth, he feels the weight of the other person on the bed shift. Legs climb over him and someone sits on his chest heavily as the string around the thing in his mouth tightens around the back of his head, holding it in place. His stomach knots as he feels four sharp prongs dig into his cheeks, like the metal legs of some disfigured spider.
“He must have woken up and just… left?” Said Dean half relieved, half concerned
But what will I wear? What if he didn’t mean it as a date? If it’s a four seated table, should I sit next to him… or across from him? Probably a bit quick for next to him… Should I offer to pick him up? Or is asking for his address a bit weird… Mind you, he knows where I live so really it would only be fair…
"Yeah fuck, Cas. If you want to, I want you to," said Dean, rolling over slightly and capturing Castiel's lips suddenly. It caught Castiel by surprise, but he recovered quickly and moaned into Dean's mouth as their tongues slid against each other. He was kissing Dean, actually kissing him, this wasn’t some weird ass ‘no homo’ thing. This was real, there was something happening here that was profound and beautiful and Castiel wanted to grab onto it with both hands and never let it go. When they finally pulled apart, their eyes met again, one final check that this was going to happen -
"You mean for the shop? That's a good idea. We should order some decorations and do a display..." began Lisa, becoming excited at the idea of a project.
Castiel sighed sadly and turned to face Dean “You’re hurt again… because of him, me… I didn’t report it last time, to the police… and now you’re hurt…”
“My eyes…” said Sam weakly as he stared up at his brother.
Castiel turns to look at Dean, frowning slightly as though worried what Dean might say, he swallows and smiles softly, "I thought... maybe you could move in with me?"
"No, why?" Asked Charlie.
Balthazar shakes his head, lips parted in shock, his face a mixture of fear, guilt and sadness.
Dean nods, “Yeah… yeah… Please?”
I don’t care, I’m not speaking to you right now…
"Think you forgot the beer" Laughed Charlie, Jo and Garth just sat down and looked at Castiel, with stony expressions. Castiel frowned “What’s going on?”
Castiel closed his eyes a tear escaped and rolled down his face "You have nothing to be sorry for Garth, I'm sorry he treated you like that” He stood up, feeling numb “Can we leave please..."
Ok, you’re neck… A good place to start, I guess…
“It’s not…” Said Castiel “No, really, I was just shocked. You better tell Dean in case he finds out and…”
“Not yet…” Said Sam “Firstly… Pancakes”
Confusion and fear break in Castiel’s voice as he desperately tries to stem the flow of blood soaking through the hunters tattered shirt.
Baby? Je t'aime, S'il vous plaît?
Castiel got up from his comfy bed before it had the chance to take him hostage again in its warmth. He straightened the duvet out and put his laptop back on his desk and reconnected the charger before beginning to look around for some clothes to get changed in to. After finding the lesser crinkly of two shirts he pulled it on, it was an almost tartan pattern of greens and blues and white. He found a skinny black tie and some black jeans, which he changed into after finding a fresh pair of boxers. As he walked out of the bedroom and into the kitchen he grumbled when he noticed that Balthazar had finished the rest of the pot of coffee. In the past when Balthazar had finished all the coffee, he'd left little notes and some change...
“I will, I’ll be bringing ice cream, so if you have ‘fat pants’ hidden away somewhere, you may want to dig them out,”
Did you say... something?
"I know. I didn't mean it to seem like I was spying on him... If he had called me a prick.. fair enough... But that Balthazar dude was an arrogant shit, guess that kinda comes with the name though right, I mean Balthazar? Balthazar? Really?"
The next day, Castiel had tried again to get Dean to eat, but Dean had shut down. Lying still and quiet all day, docile. Which was why Castiel had forgone the sedatives… When he’d uncuffed Dean to let him use the toilet, Dean had attacked him. Castiel was quicker though, skills acquired by years of practice and experience overpowering strong men. He’d had Dean in a chokehold within a matter of seconds. When Dean had slipped from his arms, unconscious, he’d hit his face on the ground.
Garth sighed "Just… Thank you" He forced a smile
Sam looked taken aback, “Oh… er, well I had hoped that you would have waited a little longer but… I guess really the only person who knows how much time he needs… Is Dean.”
“Because you’re… different.”
"You're an arsehole Balthazar," said Garth before turning, but as he did Balthazar grabbed him by the wrist and squeezed it tightly.
"That's OK" Smiled Benny before turning back to the bar to order himself a drink, Castiel glanced back towards his friends, Dean shifted quickly as Castiel looked over.
Jo and Garth stood up, both looking slightly guilty and sheepish, they followed them to the door. As they all reached the street outside they heard Balthazar call...
Dean thought back for a moment, he’d been living with Lisa last year, they’d eaten her burnt turkey with two bottles of wine and then… “Yeah, I remember…” Said Dean softly.
As he reached his front door and put the key in the lock, his breath caught... His front door was already unlocked. He froze. Staring at the door... was Balthazar waiting for him on the other side? He took his hand off the key carefully. He took a couple of gentle steps back before pulling out his phone. His breathing heavy as he tried to decide what to do... He couldn't text Charlie, she would be round in an instant but if she'd taken more of those strong painkillers.. she wouldn't stand a chance, he thought of Garth but again decided against it, he switched his phone to silent and wrote out a quick text to Dean.
"Long story. Come in..." Said Castiel letting Dean pass him into the living room before shutting and locking the door, as Dean caught his eye "Just in case Balthazar comes back... not taking you prisoner, I swear. But I had to, erm… forcibly remove him and I’d rather not have to do it again"
Just kidding, get some sleep, you earned it. Love you, big guy.
"Relax," he instructs.
Castiel turned to him smiling "I don't know. Maybe... Do you think he might ask me?"
"Poor guy," Said Sam sympathetically “But you know, it’s not personal. It’s not like we are trying to put him out of a job, we’re just… trying to do well in ours”
"No idea, but I really didn't like him being here today, the dude full-on creeps me out." Said Charlie “I don’t know if he would have done anything, but I didn’t feel safe…”
It was stupid, so reckless and it was only now with the harsh salty spray of the sea scrapping at his feet that Dean realized just how stupid he'd been... Why on earth had he done this? He glanced down as he felt the rock beneath his foot crumble slightly, it was going to give way and there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it.
Castiel frowns, feeling a twinge of anger at the comment. “He had plenty of opportunities to hurt me, you and Sam on the vampire case, I really don’t think-”
The thunderous sound of Ellen and John running down the stairs towards Dean, made him smile.
"Well I loved doing that, so sure, that would be more than fine with me" Said Charlie smiling, she was pretty touched that Dean's niece and nephew had mentioned her, how sweet was that "The store is beautiful by the way, a small part of me wanted it not to be, you know lingering loyalty to Heavens library, but it really is"
Showered, shaved, ready to rock and roll. Today is the day. If hot guy runs past anyway… Watch today be the day - I finally work up the fucking nerve to speak to him and he doesn’t show up.
Charlie smiled at him sadly "I know, it's just business. Anyway, do you have a story corner set up already or...?"
Hadn’t this biker wanna-be hunter ever seen a damn angel before?
Ignoring Balthazar’s indignant protests, John looks around the room. He takes in the empty beer bottles disregarded on the floor, a couch that looked like it had seen far better days, the dirty pile of dishes that surrounded the small kitchen sink, the takeaway boxes that littered the top of the coffee table and the mound of smelly laundry that was pushed up against a wall. He moves further into the room and after removing a couple of books from on top of it, seats himself in a semi clean looking armchair before his eyes settle on the man who threatened his son, “So,” he said calmly, he crosses his legs and sits back, linking his fingers together and placing his hands casually in his lap, “You’re Balthazar Roche?”
This taco tastes funny."
"My place?" He offered as though he'd accept Dean saying no… Luckily though, Dean didn't. He followed him willingly. Walking close to him, stopping him once they were outside the bar and Castiel allowed him to push him lightly against the wall, as though Dean was in control... He smiles into the kiss, Dean’s hot tongue against his lips, massaging against his tongue, Castiel was rock hard in seconds. This man was a drug and Castiel was quickly becoming addicted, he’d never be able to give him up now… not even if he wanted to.
Castiel swallowed down the hurt he felt at Charlie’s words, hurt that he knew wasn’t even directed at her. It hurt to hear those things, because some part of him believed them. He wanted desperately to get things back on track with Balthazar. He wanted them to be like how they had been when they first got together. He is sure that they can get there again, so he huffs and frowns at Charlie, "He's just been busy lately, working a lot. Every couple has good patches and bad, this is just a bad patch - it will pass" He said hoping that was true and choosing to ignore the tone Charlie put on the words 'love him'... Why did that make him squirm so much? He does love him... Doesn't he?
Nine ladies later and Castiel on a roll, the Irish dancers of shamrock academy had been scared and weepy at first, but once Castiel had explained to them that he had no intention of hurting them and would let them go again soon, they calmed down - a little. All they had to do was perform a little dance for Dean to prove to him that Castiel loved him and they’d be free to go. The eight ‘maids’ were more troublesome, since the term ‘maids’ was fairly outdated, Castiel had opted for ladies that worked on farms, these women weren’t weepy, they were pissed off. A couple actually trying to fight Castiel and demand he return them home, in the end he mojo’ed a few of them unconscious and laid them in the backseats of some of the cars in the garage, so as not to re-alarm the ladies dancing.
The song finished and Castiel opened his eyes, rewinding the tape and pressing play again, he allowed himself to get lost again in memories of his husband. He remembered the night they had spent together before Dean had had to leave, he remembered Dean kissing his throat and telling him how much he loved him, how he was so grateful that he had him and how he’d come running back to him as soon as he could.
“Yes.”
“Well, you set his boat on fire at the very least, right?” John raises an eyebrow but then once again cut’s Balthazar off before he can answer, he isn’t interested in hearing his bullshit anyway, “I don’t actually need you to answer that - I know it was you. I happen to know an awful lot about you Mr. Roche. I know about how you broke a woman’s arm, a woman who I believe is now employed within my company. I know about your fight with my son outside The Triangle. I know about how you conducted yourself at Lisa Braeden’s publishing party. I know about Castiel, I know about Michael.” John tutted, shaking his head in disapproval,  “Cheating on your partner with a married man? Deplorable. I also know all about your rise in the industry. I know about Mick Davis... I recently had the pleasure of meeting his sister, Martha.”
Dean hears a soft ‘click’ from behind him and the image changes again…
He pulled his new book 'Swallows and Amazons' towards him and settled back into his pillow, delving right back into a childhood favourite. A few minutes later, he was halfway through the first chapter when he heard the tell-tale 'ping' from his laptop and looked up over his book at the screen.
“He did?” Said Castiel
Dean flinched, really? He wanted him to talk about Sam now? What the hell.
“How I will feel in the future doesn’t really help me right now… I just… I keep thinking, all the time I was with him… How didn’t I see what he was capable of?”
Forgive me, my little croissant… I said I like this. Being one with you…
“No! No, I said that I wasn’t sure if it was to soon, I didn’t mean to imply that you…”
Castiel, remembering Dean's warning, had relocked the door after Garth left.
Hello Dean. I am good thank you. I would love to, are you free tomorrow? Cas. x
Dean looked shocked, “You’re not taking me to heaven, are you? I don’t want to die!”
He moves to press a kiss to Dean’s right cheek, “Dean Winchester,” he says as he pulls away barely more than an inch and meets Dean’s eyes again, “No one has ever made me feel as good as you do every day… I am completely and hopelessly, in love with you.”
Meg looked to where Charlie was pointing "Oh yeah, it is... We should go thank him for looking after you"
“Still thinking about your brother?” he spits
Dean leans forward capturing Castiel’s lips in a slow loving kiss, that deepens but with no haste, there is nothing but pure love flowing from one man to the other, their hands roam touching bare warm skin, exploring each other once again, after months apart.
“Yeah, it is. But then, even if he had left a note like that… You wouldn’t want to get back with him, would you?”
“I’m not scared,” muttered Dean, still clutching him tightly, his eyes were closed and as Castiel flew higher he felt the boy bury his head into his chest.
Sam pulls a face “Sorry, no idea. Anything I could help with?”
“I’ll replace it.” said Dean with a grin, “You do know that even if Santa was real, he wouldn’t be able to get into the bunker without being detected and we’d probably shoot him, right?”
“Dean, I understand… It’s not the right time… I’m sorry. I think I will just go to bed now, thank you for today… Goodnight”
"Enjoy unemployment Castiel" He sneered before walking down the street with a slight limp.
Castiel clenches his jaw, he leans up over Dean, grabbing the discarded gag and roughly retie’s it around Dean’s mouth, ignoring the arousal that sparks within him as Dean’s teeth bite around the gag.
"No, you're not. Even God's lost count of how many girls you've been with... You're bi-sexual" Says Sam desperately. He is just so-fucking-done, the eye sex, the tense moments when Castiel puts a hand on Dean's arm or touches him in any way. If his brother was going to continue to refuse to see what was blatantly obvious to every other single person... The Sam would pull him out of the closet kicking and scream, for Dean's own good - nay, for the good of mankind.
It’s starting to get light now, so he pulls his shirt over his head and heads down the hallway to his and Dean’s bedroom. He opens the door quietly and smiles at Dean’s slow and steady breathing. Of course, Dean doesn’t snore, just another reason that his lover is perfect. He lies next to Dean on the bed, he uncuffs one of Dean’s arms and lays it over himself, then snaps a picture so that it looks as though Dean’s hugging him in his sleep. He looks at the picture for a few minutes, taking in how relaxed Dean looks, how nice it looks for Dean to be holding him…
“No!” Dean’s eyes snap open to look back at Castiel, what the hell was he on about, did he mean...
He looked at it... How weird it felt now that he knew who 'Shopboy' was. He wondered what he should do about that. When he had been on his way back to the bar last night, he'd thought about just going in and telling Castiel who he was, he'd pretty much written it off in his head. Castiel hated him, he was never going to like him just because he was 'Win67'. But then with everything that had happened and he'd somehow managed to form some odd kind of friendship with Castiel.
Dean raised an eyebrow "To thank me?"
He left?
“And I told you not to…” says Castiel, even now glancing behind Dean for any sign that they had been spotted.
"Go" Shouted Castiel
The rest of the day had passed in silence, creepy hair raising silence. Dean felt like he was on edge even more so than he had been the week before, waiting for something to happen. Had he really hurt Castiel’s feelings this much? How long would the silent treatment last?
“Yeah,” says Dean, pulling back enough to look in Cas’s eyes, but keeping his hands on Castiel’s arms, as though trying to anchor him, as though still scared that he could vanish at any moment, he meets Cas’s eyes, “Cas, I know.”
Castiel was lightly buzzed and wobbled a bit as he smiled at her before saying, "As if I had another option."
Ohhh, we getting some again tonight? Huzzah!
"That's it then, we're going out on Friday" Smiled Castiel, would he finally be meeting 'Win67'?
There he is… Omg... is he… He’s wearing suspenders and a bow tie… It’s the fucking professor wet dream right there. Shit. Now I feel underdressed.
"Well... it's not for me... but if the shop closes, Charlie and Garth are going to need jobs..."
I’m gonna fuck you so good later, I’ll have you begging for mercy! But you have to share, baby. Ok?
"Oh nothing" She hummed
“YOU!” came the roar of a dangerously angry John Winchester as his eyes glared venom at Castiel through the fence, “I warned you to keep away from my son!”
“And you’re only allowed one curry night a month. No exceptions. I can't keep repeatedly dealing with the aftermath...  Ain't nobody got time for that”
friendly with you, Cas.” Again. Another cheap shot.
“No.” Dean slurs again, he uselessly tugs against the bindings.
‘I forget sometimes that you’re currently staying on a boat, what’s that like? Shopboy’
“I understand that this is a difficult time for you, Mr. Winchester but…”
Castiel gave himself a little shake, no... it has to be the alcohol talking, surely? He put the empty bottle of water back on the bar and walked slowly back towards the group.
“But… I don’t mind and Asshole is happy”
Not willing to waste another moment, he leaned forward with determination to capture Cas’ lips in another blisteringly hot kiss, slipping his tongue into the mouth of his angel for the first time ever. It was desperate, wet and just a slight hint of teeth, all in all, it was excruciatingly passionate. It was so amazing that he couldn’t believe he’d waited so friggin’ long to do it. To finally, finally give in and kiss Castiel like he’d die without it. Dean’s hand found the buckle of Cas’ pants, hastily undoing the clasp. He wasn’t satisfied until he had managed to tug the zipper down and get the button undone. Dean’s hand pressed firmly against Cas’ half hard member, stroking it through the cloth of his underwear.
“Knowing that you and Charlie are going to be ok, has helped a lot. And I do have my plans to start writing, I just… feel a bit down about everything. I feel like… I’ve let my mother down”
"No, you have to tell him. That arsehole is cheating on him, and Castiel seems like such a nice guy and he needs to know the truth, that he is seeing someone else and that he threatened you. I don't want to stay if he is coming and we have to pretend like everything is fine, it isn’t and I certainly will not be able to keep my mouth shut if he threatens you again" Said Jo desperately “Please, you need to talk to Castiel”
"It was really nice," Said Jo smiling a little forcibly as she remembered Balthazar threatening Garth "The food was amazing"
"I think you should leave" Said Lisa politely, having finally had enough of the scene unfolding at her event.
Castiel shifted as he realized Dean knew very well that Balthazar had called him that behind his back "You know if you weren't Winchester Books and I wasn't Heavens Library... I think we would have been friends" Said Castiel warmly, "I think you won Charlie over tonight either way... She wanted to come and check on you by the way... but her painkillers were making her drowsy and she and the others took a cab and went home"
Dean can see Balthazar’s hands gripped into Castiel’s hair, forcing his head into his crotch. Even from the strange angle of the photograph, he can see the blood on Castiel’s cheeks. Balthazar had forced himself into Castiel’s mouth, right after pulling the man’s tooth out.
“You’re sick in the head Dean! It’s not fucking natural, no son of mine will be a cock sucking little bitch,” growled John, loosening his belt from his jeans as he leered over Dean, “I will do whatever it takes to get my son, MY Dean back. Even if it means I gotta beat the damn devil out of you myself.”
Charlie and Garth were still there for him, as was Meg. And Jo had become a good friend too. It wasn’t like he stayed in all day, every day… But he did miss having someone. Lying in bed with someone…
“Shit.” Muttered Dean panting.
“And what’s that?”
Balthazar stops fighting, he drops from Dean’s hold to the floor heavily, his eyes closed. Dean stares at him for merely a second, before turning and running through the door.
Dean continued to search, his eyes seeking out those familiar blues, but pain and disappointment only bloomed stronger when he realised the only face missing from all of those before him was Cas’s.
“You’re ok?” Asked Sam
“I did EXACTLY what YOU wanted, you SICK FUCK. You gonna do something to me, get the fuck on with it, I’m tied down here, the hell are you waiting for?!”
Castiel stared smugly out of the window as the street lights flashed by, they were only a few minutes away from his dorm so when Dean had stopped a taxi in the street and opened the door pointedly for him to get in, Castiel hadn't hesitated in giving the driver his own address. That probably worked better for Dean anyway, seen as how he co-shared a house with two friends just outside the college grounds. Two friends that Castiel knew Dean hadn't come out to yet.
Hot guy wore a t-shirt again today… No... I am not sulking, just observing. Hope the weather is nice tomorrow. Maybe I should take up running? Nah, fuck that. Ohhhh I could do weights on the front though? Christ Dean, why don’t you set up a fucking lemonade stall you big girl.
“Oh, so if I don't put a ring on it right now, then what? It's over?” Dean smirked, sensing Castiel’s seriousness but not worrying about it - he’d never been more certain about anything in his life. He took in the angel's narrowed gaze, smiling sheepishly himself, as he leaned forwards to chance another kiss, his hands lifted to hold either side of Cas’ head, but he frowned as Castiel’s eyes left his face and drifted down to his chest.
That's my boy... Proud of you
Dean smiled “I wanted you to have it, it belongs with someone who’ll take care of it and no one will love it as much as you…”
Song # 60
Dean looked at her in mild surprise "You? Nervous? No way, you will be fine, you always are" He said kindly, giving her an encouraging nod.
"Would you like a drink?" Garth asked her, pulling his wallet from his pocket and turning toward the bar.
"Oh, no... Cas doesn't know anything." Sam smile's "but this is great right, when he gets back you can finally make your move and ask him out... I mean, he already knows all about the Supernatural" Sam laughs "So that's all taken care of" He turns around to face Dean again and rushes forward as Dean starts hyperventilating.
Gabriel steps forward nodding, “I get it, I get it. You love him, he’s your whole world, you need him to breathe - etc. I’m not going to ask you if it’s worth it - I’m asking you if you think it’s possible, really possible. To get him out of there?”
Gabriel suddenly gasped and his hand flew over his mouth, “Oh crap…”
Three.
Her eyes widened at Dean and her mouth was still hung open as if she was talking but no sound came out...
(French Translation - I find you beautiful. I want to marry you. I want to make the love with you every day)
Charlie knocks on the office door and it opens after a few moments with Sam Winchester stood behind it “Charlie, everything alright?”
By Song Artist - Adam Lambert
Dean smiles and nods “You’re welcome,” He stops in front of a door and turns the handle, stepping into the room beyond and switching the light on “Ok, this is your room… You’ve got a toilet through there, but if you want a shower in the morning, you’ll have to use the main bathroom… towels are in here” He points to the closet “And there are extra pillows in here too…”
John’s face sparks briefly with confusion, “Your brother has taken my son.”
“You’re heading for a one way trip onto my naughty list.” said Castiel, not realising the way his words could be taken. Dean however, quirked an eyebrow, seemingly interested.
Dean had accepted his hand and shook it, just as Castiel had informed him that he was the owner, his stomach dropped horribly, but he masked his horror with an easy... "Dean, nice place."
“I don’t know… exactly. Hopefully no more than a few hours. Maybe a little longer, so you’re going to need to eat something and use the bathroom now.”
Castiel bites at Dean's collar bone as he starts to come, he grips the base of Dean's cock roughly, sliding one leg up against the wall to better support Dean's weight, the roar he lets out as he spurts into Dean's ass is raw and animalistic. He presses forward as deep as he can go into Dean and pants against his throat, feeling Dean's rapid pulse through his cheek.
He smiled at her "No problem. I'll sort you out with a company card and you can get going, sound good?" Charlie nodded at him still grinning.
“Would you like any pudding?”
Annoyance flickers across Castiel’s face, “The same could be said of you, Dean.”
“DEAN…Ooofff” Balthazar’s fist pounds into the flesh of his stomach roughly, knocking the wind out of him as the front door bursts open. Castiel is sinking against the wall, feeling dizzy and sick as he hears shouting and scuffling around him.
Balthazar closes his eyes and sighs, he'd have to take matters into his own hands. Dean shouldn't have lasted this long anyway. He walks over to his cupboard, opening it and pulling out the silver metal case, placing it on the bed next to him, his fingers slide along the number lock to the correct combination and it clicks open. He narrows his eyes at his collection of guns and knives, counting and checking. Two small handguns and two pouches of bullets, three knives, zip ties, duct tape, and gloves. Prepared as always.
“Don’t. Fucking. Touch. Me” Glared Charlie, she’d lowered her voice so that only Balthazar could hear her.
Castiel nods and finally, accepting that this is all real, that Castiel was not only here, but safe and back for good, Dean nods too. His eyes closing in relief as he pulls Castiel back into a hug, “Good.”
Dean sagged a little “Night Cas” He said with a smile that did not quite meet his eyes… He sulked back to the living room and flopped down on the couch “Shit…”
Hey what the… Come back, warm mouth… come back… The hungry should not run away from the sausage…
Jo nodded and moved away to wait for Garth by the bar.
"What happened?" Asked Charlie, frowning in concern for her friend.
Anger had burned through him. Castiel belonged to him and he would win him back. Dean was going to regret this.
As he feels himself creeping towards the edge, his hand slides down the back of Dean’s head, over the blindfold to the ties that hold the spider gag in place, he hooks a finger underneath the cord there seconds before coming. Spurting hot, thick ropes of come into Dean’s mouth.
With Garth not working weekends, Charlie recovering from a broken nose and Castiel having spent half the night at the hospital with Dean, and then not sleeping well on the pile of cushions on the floor, Saturday was a write-off.
Dean scoffs under his gag.
Castiel frowns slightly, tilting his head in that adorably Castiel way, “One thing?”
“No,” Dean sighs with relief as Castiel continues, “Jack and the empty made a deal. Jack offered the empty something it was unable to refuse in exchange for my freedom.”
Dean's eye’s flicker open, blinking against the strong bright light. His vision blurred for a moment before picking out the television set that is mounted on the wall ahead of him, there is a cartoon playing and the song had roused Dean from his long sleep.
“What’s my name?”
Dean wrongly assumes Castiel’s words are a plea to stop, he pauses, seeking out the angel’s gaze once more to make sure he was ok. His lips are red, plump and glistening, parted as his breathy pants suck in much needed oxygen.
Dean watches as Balthazar picks each item carefully from the shelving behind the sheet plastic and places them neatly on the metal wheely trolly next to him.
Castiel lets Dean walk in ahead of him into his home and closes the door, locking it behind him. He looks up to see Dean looking at him with an expression of unease.
Rather than say anything to Castiel about how he was feeling (pissed off and jealous- in case anyone’s asking), Dean had decided (very maturely) to avoid the situation and seethe in aggressive silence. Imagining Dale and Castiel together turned his stomach slightly…
“Dean, it’s fine. I’m asking you to as a favor to me, please?”
Charlie nodded "I know, it's still weird to think we will be working for him, but you know we love you right..."
Dean and Sam are standing together in the Map Room, watching their friends and family celebrate. The brothers have small smiles of contentment on their faces, they won. They have their home, their friends, their freedom, their loves and each other.
“Yes?” Said Castiel a little quickly, he looked up at Dean.
Castiel does take the time to open Dean up, working three well-lubed fingers inside him, whilst also sucking Dean's hard cock to keep him distracted and needy…
"Well, I'll hire us a car for tonight then. You will be ready by seven?"
"Hi Dean, I heard you were kind of the hero that night?" Benny smiled at him. Dean suppressed the urge to roll his eyes choosing instead to down some more of his beer.
"Don't Cas..."
"This," He said firmly as he drew back his fist and sent it hurtling with every ounce of force he could muster directly into Balthazar's face.
“Good. Now, say it all together.” Commands Castiel as he rests his dick above Dean’s ass crack, rubbing it up and down over him.
And then, all was black.
“Don’t… not yet. There is still someone I have to meet… Trust me, it’s going to be worth the wait”
PAY ATTENTION TO ME!
"Yeah, I shouldn't have hit him, I shouldn't have done that... but I couldn't stand seeing him all over you like that." Dean took another step toward Castiel, "I wanted it to be me."
"Well I would have changed... but it would have taken to long" He pointed to his side.
(French - ‘My Love’ )
“I’m going out for the evening, you’re in charge.”
"Sounds good"
Not to interrupt but… can we hurry this up… I have a hot date waiting...
Dean’s crying again, silent sobs that Castiel is only aware of because of how the man’s body shakes when he sobs, but Castiel does not offer him any comfort. He doesn’t speak to him at all. He tucks himself back into his pants and stands up, leaving the bedroom without a backward glance at Dean, whose left handcuffed to the bed, naked, with Castiel’s come painting his rear.
“How are you?”
“I’m not a child anymore… I can’t keep acting like one. I have confessed to her that I had had an indiscretion and we’re going to be going to marriage counseling. I’m sorry Balthazar… But we are over.”
“Did I hurt you?” he asks with concern.
Neither of them noticed the stony face of the man at the window, watching them for a few moments before turning and stalking angrily away.
"Are you alright?" Jo asked him, seeing the smile slide off his face. She followed his gaze and looked around, "Do you know them?"
John looked ready to protest but Ellen caught his arm and said “Come on, we can play and get pancake’s when they are ready”
Sam huffed “You need to sort that out, Dean… Tell him the truth, soon”
“Hi,” Said Dean smiling “Jess, Sam… Castiel”
Her face lit up, "Thank you," she said smiling back at him, "I wasn't sure what to wear, to be honest, so I'm glad you like it."
17, Jesus ok… yeah. 17, that’s a lot… Wait, shit I forgot Benny… 18. I think that’s it.
‘Crap, there goes that escape’. Dean nodded not wanting to be rude and allowed the man to take a couple of the bags from him and lead him to the table. Dean's stomach twisted when he saw a copy of The New York Times on the table, open to the page 'Winchester Super Store Opening October 1st'. His face must have given something away as the other man pulled the paper up from the table and scrunched it up in his free hand, "Sorry, about the rubbish." He said before gently putting Dean's bags down on the table.
Castiel chewed his nail, thinking - Should he write another message saying sorry.. or should he leave it? Suddenly he got his answer as a new message from 'Win67' popped up. He clicked on the message a tense feeling in his chest, claiming as his eyes rolled over 'Win67's message.
Escaping the predatory gaze of Meg, who seemed to be undressing Sam in her mind as he stood before her, Sam left the bar, pulling his coat collar up against the cold night air. He walked across the street, the rain was softly patting down on his car as he reached it. He opened the door and slid into the driver's seat, closing the car door he pushed the key into the ignition...
Dean's eyes were wide as he stared up at Castiel from where he sat on the edge of his bed "I'm sorry" He said more firmly. He stood up, meeting Castiel's eyes "The truth is, I try to..." He paused looking sheepish.
Castiel looked stunned "I had no idea"
He walked out the front doors of ‘The Lower Angel’ and out into the cool evening air, heading toward his car. He opens the trunk and places the case neatly in the center. Closing the trunk again, his thoughts carry him back to the night that he had Castiel bundled in the trunk of his car, bound and gagged and breathtakingly beautiful. Or... James as he had first introduced himself.
"It was really great to see you again tonight, like really great..."
"Well, I hope you're not sore?" said Castiel kissing him on the forehead.
"Good?" asked Castiel hopefully.
“Well, that’s what it felt like he was implying, he said if I loved you I could wait…” Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes, “I do love you Dean and I have waited but I want to help you, to help us… We’re together now and I thought I was helping us move forward, you know? I just wanted to show you that what happened to you doesn’t have to hold you back. It’s ok to enjoy sex with your boyfriend, it’s not wrong to want it… If you truly felt like it was to soon, perhaps, I should go…”
I just wanted to let the readers who are following this as it's being written know, that I have made some very minor changes to chapter one, as this story grew some things needed a little tweaking for it to fit more seamlessly together. However, these changes are literally only tiny and you shouldn't 'need' to go back and re-read if you don't want to.
YESSSSSSSSSSS YESSSSS YES! I want this too!!!
“Did you send me flowers?” Castiel interrupted, looking surprised at himself and Dean frowned at him.
A medical examiner had determined that Balthazar’s death had been a result of his injuries. His house and the bar had been searched by police, where evidence of no fewer than twelve murders had been found. A crime scene investigating team had gone in and taken photographs and samples.
"Balthazar... What are you doing here?" Asked Castiel deeply, standing still near the front door as he locked eyes with him, visualizing him bursting into flame under his glare.
Baby?
Dean couldn't meet Castiel's eyes, he tried to keep his mouth shut, tried to ignore the way his heart ached as he asked: "You going back to his?"
Lisa puts a hand over her heart “That is so sweet, Dean. I promise I will keep it safe for you. Now, I better be going. You should think about telling Castiel what I said about Balthazar too, just in case. I only found out last night or I would have spoken to him about it myself.”
"What did he say, exactly in his message?" Asked Charlie again, now in ‘gossip mode’ it seemed.
Castiel pushed Dean roughly toward it. Dean stumbled towards it, but then caught himself and turned back to face Castiel, his heart was racing in his chest... as he realized what this room was.
The next morning, Dean couldn’t take it anymore, “What’s the point?” he asked angrily.
“Dean. You need to stop that sweetheart, you know how it upsets me.” he keeps his voice calm, hoping to appeal to Dean through gentle words and touches.
Castiel sits on the bed, he sits so close to Dean that the hairs on their legs tickle against each other, Dean shudders and gives Castiel a nervous side glance. Castiel is staring at him then with a small smile he brings up a warm hand to cup Dean’s cheek gently but Dean flinches and turns his face away so that his face rests against his arm which is pulled up above him, handcuffed to the bed frame.
“The drive to my farm?”
Dean smiles warmly as tears track down his face, he feels like shit that Castiel doesn’t believe him, but hopefully, now he has actually said it, he’ll get the chance to prove it’s true. To shower Castiel in all the love he truly deserves, in all the love that Dean can give him.
Some time later, Dean had been playing for a while, when he noticed that Castiel had been very quiet for some time. He turned around to find that his friend had fallen asleep beside him. Dean smiled and paused the game to stare at his friend, shaking his head fondly. He'd always thought Cas was attractive for as long as he’d known that yes, he liked boys and girls.
(See the end of the chapter for
In a flurry of movement, Castiel hooks a foot behind Dean’s legs, tripping him up so that he tumbles to the floor his head bumping the ground as he lands, then he is being dragged again, by his feet.
Sam pressed his lips together “I know what I’d want to do…”
“What’s that?” asked Dean, fear spiking again, deals were never a good thing. What had Jack offered the empty in exchange for Cas?
Thought Castiel. He pressed his forehead against the back of Dean's neck and rolled his hips up, just once. One firm, deliberate roll again Dean’s rump. His fingers caressing over the warm skin of Dean’s chest. Dean would either tell him to get off or...
It was to much, Castiel's heart felt like it might burst, "Don't make promises you can't..." he began.
"Okay, and we’ll get breakfast sometime, ok?”
"I'm sorry... Are you…?"
"I know.. " Said Garth meeting her eyes “Maybe we should…”
Both smiling, Dean and Castiel fell asleep again within a few minutes, curled around each other. Hearts beating steadily, fingers entwined. No longer... Just friends.
“Er, what?”
He closed his eyes again and thought of Jack, how would he take losing Sam, he’d be devastated.
Castiel pauses a short distance away from him, looking hurt, “I thought… I thought you liked it?” He asks almost sounding shy.
“You only did what he forced you to do… Cas, you helped me. He was out of control” Dean gave Castiel a squeeze before realizing him and looking down at Balthazar “He isn’t even bleeding, he’ll be fine…”
“But I-,”
Dean left work that day feeling glum. Castiel had been on his mind since he’d left Meg’s cafe and he didn’t know how to help him when it seemed that he might be part of what was getting him down. He decided to walk back to his boat, wanting time to try and clear his head and think…
Should I have pie or a burger for lunch?
"Why not? I'm not working tomorrow." sighed Castiel leaning back into his seat, comfortably.
In the center of the room, hanging from the ceiling was a shower, Dean notices that the ground is raised towards the sides of the room and there is a grid in the center of the floor. There is nothing he can use as a weapon, but he does grab the towel from the hanger on the back of the door, he wraps it around his elbow tightly and steps toward the small wet rooms window.
A shard of it fly's into Dean’s face, cutting his eyebrow. Balthazar falls forward, unconscious on top of Dean, who grunts under the man's dead weight. Dean struggles to push Balthazar off him and looks up with wide eyes at Castiel.
“I’ve handled ‘dangerous’ for eons.” He moved around Dean again, stunted in his exit when a hand grasped his wrist. Castiel turned to find Dean looking from him to his own hand, like it was something he hadn’t realized he’d done. As quickly as Castiel saw the confused look on the hunter's face, it vanished. Dean took another step forward again, crowding closer into Castiel’s space... and Cas stepped back.
Hope you are enjoying my story so far. =)
Worse though, or at least worse to Dean anyway, was that Castiel not only let him… but he smiled and laughed in response. It had been in that soft, genuine way that Dean had always, for some unknown reason, imagined Cas saved specially for him. Castiel damn well preened under the guys attention and only seemed to snap out of it when Dean accidentally (
Song Title - 3 doors down
Castiel takes several steps backward, trying to put some distance between himself and his ex “Balthazar, just leave”
“I’m not going to stop...” whispered Castiel, “I’m going to give you what you need. What we both need.”
“Of course,” Charlie says the smile clear in her voice “We still on for Friday night? You know you’re welcome to come and stay at mine if you want, in case you’re worried about him turning up?”
He’ll definitely have cooled off by now. Maybe I’ll suggest we go to couples therapy. Balthazar had seen that Heavens Library had closed its doors, Castiel was now out of a job, probably feeling pretty low… The perfect time to try and win him back.
Castiel laughed "Of course.. and Jo?" He added looking at Garth...
“You get the hell out of New York. I don’t care where you go or how you get there. You just go and you don’t come back, you will not get a second warning.”
Dean looked from the card to Castiel’s face, “True love?” he asked quietly, Castiel nodded.
“I still can’t believe he’d do this… I mean, I know he did it… but I just can’t believe this has all happened… Before you got here… Before you stopped him, I… I honestly had no idea how far he would’ve taken things, you know? I’m not ashamed to admit that it scared me. He scared me…”
“I spoke to Lisa this morning. Cas, she said that she has a friend who works in his building, apparently, he has been turning up to work drunk and been being aggressive towards people”
"On paper," she nodded, finishing his sentence. Then deciding that was enough of the awkwardness she shook herself, "Coffee?"
"Because; once a flower is picked it begins to wilt."
The crowd cheered loudly. Sam and Castiel exchanged worried looks as Gabriel bit his lip to fight a wide smile.
“You know… I was attracted to you the very first moment I saw you, I desired you instantly… I loved you, from the moment I said no and you started to walk away… I wanted to say no, I wanted to spare you but I couldn’t. Not with
Dean groaned.
“Cas…” Castiel steps back as Dean rises from his seat, and sounding like a parent about to give the ‘you’re not going out dressed like that speech’, “I’m not so sure this is a good idea… I mean how much do we even know about this ‘Dale’ character, he could be anyone, it could be a trap…”
Castiel bites back his irritation and smiles, “Of course. May I taste you then, Dean?”
Blood spurts from the wound and the screaming turns to a disturbing gurgling noise, before it stops. Castiel can hear the last desperate and quieting gagging noises Sam makes in his throat as he goes limp in the vampire's arms.
Shaking, Dean slowly turned feeling Castiel ease off his grip of Dean’s arm. He hated that he was putting himself over the table, hated that he stayed still, closing his eyes and preying as Castiel fastened the buckles around his ankles so tightly that the straps dug into his skin.
At that moment Castiel wandered into the kitchen “You’re talking about Balthazar?” He asked looking from Sam to Dean.
"I didn't know that I wanted this, I knew I thought you were attractive… you always were. You're my best friend, so on some level, I've always loved you but this is different, something changed recently. I just didn't realize it had changed until tonight. I hadn't thought about... well, this," Dean looked over his shoulder at his friend, meeting his eyes for the first time, "but I do know, right now... I don't want this to stop. I do want you, Cas."
"No. No, nothing like that," said Castiel, quickly but Charlie kept eyeing him. Knowing she wasn’t about to let it drop he continued, "We had a nice night, last night and this morning... I tried to... make it a nice morning..."
Dean resists the urge to ask again if Castiel is really sure “It would only be for a week… tops”
I should really ask Dean about this…
Castiel smiles, wrapping Dean’s arms around his neck and his own arms around Dean’s waist. He steps forward, planting a warm kiss on Dean’s left cheek before saying,  “What did you think this weekend was going to be about?”
"Its OK Cas," She said softly "They'll be alright"
Balthazar clenched his jaw, before turning and stumbling away down the street.
He wrote a quick reply telling her where he was and not to worry and that he wasn't opening the shop today, and that she should rest up. He'd come and see her at some point today. The next text was from Balthazar which he deleted without opening and the third was from Dean.
"Just thinking ahead," said Dean tucking into his chicken salad - wishing it was a burger.
"Ah OK," he said before turning to John, he knelt down so that he was eye level with his nephew, "You know that zombies aren't real? Right pal? It's a good thing too, for them, as I bet you'd get them all in no time, right champ?"
Great. You’re never getting laid again. I’ll just go into early retirement, shall I?
Dean smiled, "Yeah, he is, does." 'Get it together Dean' he thought to himself.
Placing them on the table to pull on his suede blazer jacket that was resting on the back of a dining chair, before picking them up again and taking a bite out of the apple as he headed for the front door. When he reached the street, he paused for a moment to look at the trees. 'Win67' was right, orange looked good on New York, he thought before taking off down the street towards his little bookshop 'Heaven's library'.
Lisa chuckled “Yes, I see your point. So, what are you thinking about writing? Do you have a target age group in mind?”
Castiel kisses Dean hungrily, relishing in the feel of Dean kissing him back. They’ve kissed, a fair bit now and Castiel has blown Dean a few times and Dean had jerked him off on occasion, but Castiel wanted more now, needed more… His patience had worn out, he needed to bury himself deep within Dean again and reclaim him.
“Who. Owns. You?” Castiel repeats pulling the zip down on his trousers. He looks at Dean’s face, eyes shut, head down… hiding. Seething Castiel picks up the paddle and walks back toward Dean.
“I always was… I just didn’t know it yet…”
The next morning, Castiel comes into the bedroom with a tray of bacon and pancakes. He slams them down on the bedside table. Dean jolts awake and stares at him.
At first, Dean had thought that this was a good thing and he’s still not sure that it wasn’t, but when he had finished eating, Castiel had tied the rope back to the bed and left the room. He hadn’t spoken to Dean at all during his meal, he hadn’t even looked at him. Oddly, Dean found it more unsettling than when Castiel would stare at him. A few hours later and Castiel returned, untied the ropes and walked Dean to the toilet as though the rope was his leash.
“But that’s just it,” Dean rushes to cut across him, his mouth working faster than his brain could keep up. Which he really should have known better than to allow, since most of the time it got him into trouble. Especially when it came to Cas. Always fucking up. “We were all there, this time you’ll be on your own and let's face it wouldn’t be the first time you’ve walked into a trap…” It was a cheap shot but he wasn’t wrong either.
“You are going to go to the police tomorrow, aren’t you?”
"Uh fuck, Dean..." Castiel jutted up into him, it wasn't perfect, it was kind of clumsy and an awkward angle but it was still him and Dean and would forever be his favorite memory... "Fuck, Dean. Are you going to come? Come for me?"
Unable to contain himself, Dean throws his head forward and vomits. He feels splatters of it hit his feet, hot and strong-smelling. He gasps and wipes the back of his hand over his mouth as he sits up again. Balthazar is smiling at him evilly.
"What?" she asked.
Dean rounded on him, "What?" he said still looking in equal measures angry and aroused.
“My brother's name is Sam.”
Just as Sam was about to ask Gabriel what he’d done now. The lights on the stage lit up, green, red and gold lights and a twinkling Christmas Tree adorned with fake snow and topped with a male angel in a mini skirt and bra. A voice suddenly rang out over the bar and the three friends quickly found a table and sat down, Gabriel flashing Sam and Castiel sheepish apologetic looks.
"Ah, fuck," murmured Castiel letting his head drop back into the couch cushion, "fuck Dean..."
Castiel James Novak had been questioned by police, as had The Lower Angel’s waitress, Meg Masters.
Balthazar smiles, “I will.”
He walks over to the door, opening it his heart clenches painfully in his chest… There on the other side is Baltazar and as Castiel rushes to shut the door, Balthazar's foot plants itself firmly between the door and the frame...
"I told you, I told you in the bar that if you came home with me... you'd live to regret it." said Castiel sternly, "I was completely honest."
Castiel’s amused voice speaks out again, “I have the remote, I’ll give it a click every time I think about you… That way you’ll know, just how much I love you, you’ll know how much you mean to me and since you clearly want some alone time, I won’t disturb you… for an hour or so.”
The buzzing is on a low setting for a few minutes and Dean tries desperately to ignore it, the feel of the cool metal inside him, stretching him. He tries to think of something, anything else. He starts by reciting the alphabet, then gasps his way through a Led Zeppelin song by the end he is panting and trying to remember the lines to one of his favorite movies, occasionally stuttering out random quotes as the buzzing hitches up a notch.
Castiel smiles, "You won't regret it," he turns away from Dean toward the kitchen, pulling a packet of cigarettes from his pocket, "Do you want a drink?"
"Dude, we just brought back beers," Said Charlie shaking her head, but Castiel just frowned at her.
"Ah good," Said Castiel “I’m glad they like them.”
Well, hello there… It’s me… I am your new love stick.
"True... Which is why I'm not insisting on buying my own drinks..." Charlie smirked at him before grabbing hers and Megs budwiser's from the bar and walking back to the others as Dean paid. Then she came back to help Dean carry the rest of the beers back to the table.
Clenching his jaw, Castiel decides. He takes thunderous steps, walking the three doors down to Dean's room. His stony face causes Dean and Sam to frown at him slightly.
They all lifted their first shot, downed it and slammed the shot glass down upside down on the table and moved quickly onto the second, downing the drink in the same manner.
Castiel shakes his head and tears run down his face, his chest rises and falls rapidly as he begins to hyperventilate “No… no, no, no”
Dean doesn’t respond and Castiel smiles softly at him before turning his attention back to the hospital rooms small television set as the door to the room opened.
Still laughing, Castiel looked at her, "I'd take that over shit on my face, any day."
Castiel flew Dean back to the house he was staying in with his younger brother and his father, he landed gracefully on the slated rooftop and they sat there for a while together watching the sunrise. Castiel felt protective of the boy already, he knew he’d have to leave soon and he wished he could do more for Dean now, so that he would be safe.
They all turned round sharply. Castiel shrugged Charlie's hand off his arm and took a step towards Balthazar, eyes blazing "You bastard" He spat angrily "How long?"
But then Dean was the one with his hand on his dick, Castiel had an erection, sure but that happens sometimes when men - especially horny teenages lying next to their crush - sleep. He wasn’t really ‘at fault’ here and he really didn’t think what Dean was doing was wrong or bad… It was insanely hot.
"You know I don't care. I already know. It's not like I'd be finding out by seeing it in the paper. But if you're not comfortable with it then that's fine, I just think... It would send a message," said Lisa thoughtfully, "Like a 'We welcome everyone' banner. Acceptance. You know?"
"You know exactly what I am talking about, you fucker. Don't think I don't know this was your plan all along, flirty dancing with Luke to piss me off."
"Who? Castiel?" Asked Dean feeling that maybe he could understand it from Castiel, he was, after all, going to be putting the man out of a job and he could understand how it looked that he’d visited his shop…
Castiel was startled from his thoughts when Dean came back into the living room and yawned loudly "Ready for bed?"
Holy shit that feels AMAZING. Ah… Ah… What the fuck is he doing with his tongue? Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
Castiel opened his mouth... not really sure what he was going to say. "He had to go home"
"That was not the reaction I was expecting." she said puzzled as she cranes her neck over her shoulder and narrows her eyes at him.
"Who are Jack and Karen then?" asked Castiel, sounding amused.
Castiel is no longer a living breathing man, no longer a physical being that has been torturing him but rather he is a nightmare that can fly through the air and send shivers rippling over Dean’s skin. He is a black cloud that enters Dean’s body as he breathes in and spreads his icy chill throughout him, infecting him with fear and doubt.
“I do, but this was just in case he woke up…” said Castiel, he so wanted to make Jack’s first Christmas something joyful for him to look back on fondly. If that meant renting a stupid Santa suit and leaving ‘snowy’ footprints at the door of the bunker, then that’s what he’d do. He’d bought mince pies, he’d filled stockings and hung them over the radiators (melting the chocolates inside them within minutes but they would make that fun discovery in the morning), he’d left a carrot with a bite mark on a plate near the Christmas tree… and a glass of… oh…
Castiel rolled over in his bed his name reaching him through the haze of sleep, he opened his eyes to look at Balthazar, who was stood at the side of the bed fully dressed and holding out a steaming cup of coffee to him.
Balthazar grits his teeth, he didn’t know what he was doing, but it was Dean’s fault… Somehow, all of this… was Dean’s fault. Rage bubbled inside him, he rushed at Dean, screaming out in anger and as he shoved at Dean, he and Dean both fell backward, tumbling over Castiel’s armchair, the chair toppled they landed in a mess of arms and legs beyond it. Balthazar hitting out at Dean like a wild animal.
True… Now you can worry about whether having a shit so early this morning, was a good idea? I mean… You had breakfast… and a big lunch… and you’re about to have a meal with Castiel right? In his house? If you’d gone to a restaurant it wouldn’t have mattered much, if you had to take a dump, you could easily blame it on someone else… But here… In his home, he is going to know you took a shit.
My little baby is all grown up and ready to get fucked into the mattress, I’ve never been prouder.
“Where are we?”
He checked his phone as Lisa came out of the bedroom and looked at him, "Did you sleep alright on there?" she asked guiltily.
When the taxi pulled up outside his place a minute later, Dean was fully hard in his pants and Castiel taking pity on his with his sticky hand and erection paid their fare. He reached over Dean and opened the door, being sure to press down one final squeeze on Dean's dick before pulling back to allow Dean to climb out of the car.
Despite how wrong the situation, Dean’s body reacts to it, his dick swells at the sight of Castiel’s rubbing down over it. Castiel must feel it too because he quickly looks down into Dean’s eyes and smiles at him.
"Balthazar" Lisa smiled, appearing to Castiel to be just as insincere as Balthazar "You made it"
"How are you feeling Dean?" Castiel asked softly
"I am not cheating on you," Said Balthazar calmly "I admit that I have, it was a mistake... I told Garth not to say anything because I knew I was going to end things with... Michael this week. Which I have now, for you"
“It’s not real, it’s not fair…” He repeats his mantra over a dozen times, getting more and more desperate. Getting angrier and angrier, until finally he throws his head back and screams out again into the air around him.
Sam turned to look at his wife, “This guy is dangerous… He has hurt my brother twice now and now this… That boat…” Sam shook his head sadly “Dad gave Dean that boat when he took over the business”
"You hate glitter, and you have been in this weird dreamy mood all day.. oh.. oh my god. You got laid?" she asked grinning widely, "Well, it's about time..."
As Luke made to move closer to Castiel again, Dean glared, pulling his fist back, "Must have been me then."
Garth looked at him, meeting his eyes for a second before quickly looking away "I'm fine, just tired.. and shit - I forgot the bacon"
Castiel laughs “Glad you’re looking out for me”
Castiel turned and frowned at Dean “What?”
“OK, cereal, toast, fruit, pancakes? What are we having?” Sam asked his children.
"Sure," he said, "Thank you."
Dean is charming and funny. Not that he needs to be, Castiel's main interest is the man's body, which is beautiful and toned. A work of art waiting to be added to Castiel's collection.
I should apologize to the cute guy for scaring him… I wonder if he’ll want to kiss and make up. Ha Ha. Those lips were ridiculous, plump and pink… Blow Job lips. I can just picture him on his knees for me… My hands running through his hair as my cock hits the back of his throat…
Castiel flashed a smile, “Oh my god…”
As he’d ran through the trees, thorns had scratched and cut up his ankles and legs, the scratches burnt and bled and the blood mixed with the rain on his legs, making them look like bloody waterfalls.
His eyes fall on the foreign leather jacket that has no place being hung up on his coat stand, no place in his house, he scowls at it. ‘Deans’. The strong leather smell suddenly seems to wash away the perfect coconut scent. Balthazar shakes his head and moves away from it, he stalks silently around his house, seeing more little pieces of evidence of ‘Dean’ as he does.
, that was a beautiful sound, a deep rumbling moan that could melt butter into a delicious puddle of goo. He knows he couldn't have made up that sound, not in his wildest dreams... Carefully, he rolled his hips again, still stroking his fingers over Dean's chest lightly. He felt Dean relax slightly, probably -hopefully- feeling the same bloom of relief that he was feeling, this was real, they both were awake, aware... wanting.
Ебать дать его мне = Fucking give it to me
"I’m going shopping for the story corner stuff," Said Charlie still blinking at Dean like she didn't believe he was real “But this… this is… Why haven’t you said anything?”
He knew he was losing his mind, because what he saw swimming toward him... was no shark... But a man. A man, with the tail of a fish? He must have been hallucinating.
Dean smiles sadly up at him through his bruised face, “I can’t believe you came for me…”
“Two months?” Dean looks at Castiel’s face again, frowning, “I don’t remember... anything.”
But John had already turned his attention to his son, “You are never to come here again. You hear me, boy?” he spat out at his son, “You’re a goddamn disgrace.”
"Shit" Said Dean, frowning
Castiel is shaking his head as he holds Dean close to him, clutching on to him as though he never wants to let go, staring at him with wide petrified eyes. “Dean… You can’t… can’t leave me… please, please don’t leave me?”
Balthazar’s will determined that in the event of his death, his bar and his home would go to Castiel and Meg. He had no family to contest this and Castiel was now at the start of a lengthy legal process of getting his and Meg's inheritance. Meg had chosen that she would keep the bar and take over as the new owner and Castiel would get the house, which he planned to sell as soon as possible.
“We just need a moment, I don’t think you’re going to want to hear this.”
No. I can not stand for this… We shall get you laid. Tonight.
“He is wrong. I dragged Dean away from his sinful temptations.”
He was useless.
Dean's shoulders fell, "I was going to get something hot."
He clicks another link, searching the screen as Balthazar’s bedroom pops up... but no Dean. Castiel’s eyes home in on the photo album on the middle of the bed. That was not where he had left it. If Dean had managed to free himself… Why would he stick around long enough to look at it, to move it?
Balthazar stood up and folded the paper before putting it back on the table, he looked at Castiel "I'm sorry, I know it was short notice, and I don't mean to snap at you... I just wanted to come home and relax..."
thinks Dean to himself, silently grateful it had been with him at Sam’s and not on the boat when it had burnt. “It’s just, are you sure this is alright?”
Dean chuckled, “I’ll certainly never forget this, although you realise you’re going to have to get all these people home, right?”
They hold each other, both unsure of breaking the moment, where would it even go from here? They’ve spent so long not crossing lines that each of them wanted so badly to cross, that now they aren’t even sure how to take that next step toward them. But the solid and comforting warmth of Castiel against him is enough, for now. Dean wants other things with Cas, of course he does, but he’d been at war with that side of himself for so long that waving the rainbow flag and giving himself wholly over to who he really is, would take time and luckily, time and freedom was something that he and Cas now have.
He pressed send and pushed the laptop away from himself, stretching out on the bed for a moment before he got up. He got dressed and then took a taxi to Lisa's house. He knocked, not wanting to just let himself in, things were different now, he didn’t live here anymore. Lisa quickly appeared at the door looking flustered.
