The words hit Sherlock hard. He knows that everybody thinks he’s a complete and utterly heartless bastard, but he does in fact have some idea of how John must have felt, if only because for the year he was gone he often felt like an amputee, looking over his shoulder for someone who wasn’t there.
“My great-uncle was quite a character. Maybe he was a raging cocaine addict. Would be fitting, I was named after him.”
“You cook naked on YouTube too?” John asks, looking Sherlock up and down in a speculative way that’s sort of flattering, and Sherlock has to bite down on a smile.
“You are helping her,” Sherlock says before he can think better of it. “You’re there for her. That is the most valuable thing you can do for her.”
“Me first,” Sherlock breathes, suddenly hungry and hot and wanting, and walks towards John. He grabs John’s hips and walks him back until John’s knees hit a chair and he sits down in it. Sherlock sits in John’s lap. John looks at him for a moment, clearly surprised, but when Sherlock kisses him, he kisses back, deep and greedy, running his hands up Sherlock’s thighs, over his arse, pulling him in, closer. It feels insanely good, John’s hands on his back, on his sides, John untucking his shirt and sliding his hands along Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock grinds down his hips against John’s, and John gasps into Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock can feel John grow hard against him, can feel his own erection straining against his trousers.
He doesn’t get any further, because Sherlock is grabbing a fistful of his t-shirt and pulling him in and kissing him like a starving man. John winds his hands into Sherlock’s unruly hair and kisses him back, hungry, greedy, his heart beating out of his chest, full to bursting with joy and relief.
He turns around and sees Sarah, looking a bit sheepish when his friends fall silent and nudge each other. “Happy birthday,” she says, smiling at John a little shyly.
Frantic with worry, John tries to come up with a plan. He can’t wait for the Watch, that madman might kill Sherlock any second now. He can’t storm into the room, the killer would just shoot him instead of Sherlock. He could create a distraction outside, then try to overwhelm the killer and hope that Sherlock will use the diversion to run away.
He doesn’t look where he’s going, so he almost runs into John, who’s as lost in thought as he is. John barely manages not to spill his coffee over Sherlock, but only because he’s holding on to it with the death grip of the fatigued.
He hasn’t heard from John since that last text. He read that text as accepting his invitation, but he isn’t sure and he would never stoop to asking.
Sherlock presses send and sets his phone down next to the microscope. He checks the time on the screen. 2:33 am. He’s cold, and he’s hungry, and he needs to get some sleep, and he really should go home now.
Sherlock doesn’t dignify this with a response, and anyway it’s too late for one, because John is back, looking far more awake, smiling at him and Lestrade, obviously excited for the chase again. Lestrade hands him a coffee, and they settle down to watch the house, Lestrade and John chatting quietly about football.
John is getting married. Obviously, John is getting married. Obviously, John is getting married to a non-threateningly good-looking, nice blonde curvy woman who also works backstage, who’s exactly the type of woman John used to flirt with constantly before the two of them became involved. He remembers being insanely jealous of one particular girl at the ticket office, Sarah something or other, who John went out with twice before Sherlock finally had enough and snogged John into weak-kneed submission, and from then on John’s attention had been firmly on Sherlock, where it belonged.
So while John moves from one seat to the next while Mary, Lestrade and Anderson program light cues, he thinks about whether Mary is right. If he knew Sherlock still wants him, would he go back?
Next to him in the darkness, Moriarty is waiting, muttering to himself, fidgeting. John wishes he could knee the man in the groin. It would be incredibly satisfying, and worth the no doubt dreadful consequences.
John breathes. Slowly, he calms down. The noises rush back, the people milling around them push at them from all sides, but they’re standing in the flow like stones, letting rivers of people wash around them.
Truth be told, John’s not even sitting here because he’s overly worried that Sherlock will die anymore. He’s not afraid that Mary will come back because he knows Mycroft has stationed his people all over the hospital.
“What do we do now?” John asks, turning to face Sherlock. Their beds are on opposite walls of the room, but he can still see the outline of Sherlock’s profile in the moonlight coming in from the window.
Moriarty smiles politely, but he looks like he’s about to murder someone when he walks back to his station.
So they eat the cake, and John blows out his candle, and Sherlock says, “Happy Birthday,” while looking at John like he's the only person in the world worth talking to, and John actually feels a lump in his throat, because Sherlock's the only person John would want to be with right now. In any world.
“’Fat’ is imprecise, colloquial and insulting, so I should hope not,” Sherlock mutters into the side of John’s head. Apparently, and he has no idea how this happened, he’s currently leaning full-body against John, while John’s patting his pockets for his keys. “Left inner pocket of your jacket,” Sherlock mutters. “You always put your keys there in this jacket. Right outer pocket in the black winter jacket, and front left when you’re wearing jeans.”
“Billy,” John says, quietly, trying to keep the tremor from his voice. “That’s my dad’s watch. He… he died, not long ago. Sherlock and me, we’re not from here. We can’t go home. It’s the only thing I have left of his.” He swallows. “I don’t even have a picture,” he adds, looking at the floor so he doesn’t have to watch this street-wise hard-shelled boy eye him suspiciously.
He puts his glass down on the nearest available surface, and stalks directly over to John, who’s watching him with open appreciation. He walks until he’s well within John’s personal space, then leans down and murmurs against John’s ear, “Want to get out of here?”
And then, at the end of the night, Sherlock is finally forced to notice that they’re not alone. That the woman John was with stayed through all of it, and seems not to be perturbed by it. That she’s quiet and calm and interesting the way John is quiet and calm and interesting.
Sherlock closes his eyes and thinks of last night. John came over around three in the afternoon, and they spent hours in the kitchen, baking biscuits, tasting, refining recipes. John is terrible at constructing a gingerbread house, and Sherlock helped him, and by the end they were both sticky and covered in icing sugar because John dropped the bowl. They ended up having sex against the wall of Sherlock’s shower, Sherlock’s soapy fingers teasing at John’s arse while John was wanking them off with one hand twisted in Sherlock’s hair. Afterwards, John borrowed Sherlock’s dressing gown and Sherlock made them simple breakfast muffins with a sourdough base, rashers of bacon and a sunny-side up egg in the middle. They ate the muffins and drank tea sitting on Sherlock’s sofa. John switched on the telly to some movie and they watched it in comfortable silence. John fell asleep right there on the sofa, and Sherlock tucked a blanket around him, and then curled his body around John’s and felt a heavy-limbed, quiet contentment that should have alarmed him but somehow didn’t.
“I was surprised to hear from you,” Victor finally says. He’s always been a talker, unable to let a silence sit. Sherlock never especially liked that about him, but he appreciates it now. “How are you?”
Sherlock finds him at the bar, having a staring contest with two fingers of whisky. Sherlock sits down next to him and gestures to the landlord for the same. John doesn’t acknowledge him with words, but his body shifts ever so slightly, angling a bit towards Sherlock. It’s a tacit permission to stay, and Sherlock is grateful for it, because he’s a bit worried about John. The look in John’s eyes as he stares at the whisky is deeply familiar to Sherlock, and the last thing he wants now is for John to face whatever is at the bottom of that glass alone.
“How is she like me?” he asks, and fervently hopes that John is too out of it to notice that Sherlock can hardly speak around the lump in his throat.
John won’t want to leave. Sherlock won’t want to stay. They’ll fight, and Sherlock will stay, become bored, blame John, and John will come back to London with him, and will miss this, the hospital and being needed for something other than making sure Sherlock stays moderately sane, and John will blame him. They’ll stay together, because neither can bear anything else, but it won’t be joy and fun and adventure, the sheer delight they always took in each other, it will be with the knowledge that somehow after years of making each other into their best selves,  they’ve somehow made each other less than they were.
He looks down at John and meets John’s drowsy eyes. For a moment, they just look at each other quietly. Then John smiles and rolls on top of Sherlock. “Good morning,” he mutters against Sherlock’s lips, before leaning down for a long, deep, breathtaking kiss.
The place smells of ancient cigarette smoke and grease, but Sherlock can still smell the chlorine, underneath it all. It’s sharp and clean and surely by this point utterly imaginary.
And suddenly, Sherlock is five years old, running his fingers over the cracked formica table top in their giant, cavernous kitchen. He’s mixing eggs and sugar with a hand mixer, and his nanny - her name was Peggy and Sherlock adored her - helps him crack in the eggs. Cinnamon, sharp and somehow still sweet. Nutmeg, Peggy lets him grate it, telling him to watch out for his fingers. Flour, he gets to spoon it in while Peggy folds. Into the oven, and he sits and watches it rise while the smell of caramel fills the kitchen. They eat the sticky toffee pudding out of the tin, still warm, dipping the chunks of the sponge into the sauce. It’s delicious and altogether forbidden and they grin at each other over the breakfast counter, co-conspirators.
“Morning,” Molly greets him. “Did Dr. Sholto send you to get me?” she asks nervously. Molly hates days like this, when there’s so many people and they can’t really help all that much.
And if there were a cure, Sherlock wouldn’t want it. Because for as long as he has John Watson, he wants to feel like this. And if he ever stops having John, he will want to feel strung out and miserable and like the world is ending, because it very probably will be.
Sherlock swallows, and John can feel Sherlock’s heart beating against the hand still fisted in his clothes. “You make me completely irrational, and it scares me. Always has.”
Sherlock’s hands still, but he leaves his palms pressed to John’s shoulders, fingers digging into the soft material of his dressing gown, warmed by John’s skin. “How did you finally convince yourself that your leg was fine?”
John is waiting in the parking lot, duffel bag by his feet, carrying his cane but not leaning on it. He smiles at Sherlock. “Hey you. Everything all right? You went off rather quickly there, didn’t have a chance to talk to you.”
“Admittedly, the telecommunication situation was unfortunate,” Sherlock concedes. “I would like to point out, though, that we nearly suffocated in the bank vault.”
He tries. There are cases, and they’re great, and there’s 221B, which is still good, if only because every surface has a memory of John attached to it.
“My ice cream won’t set,” John answers without a second’s hesitation. “So that’s going to be my shit one. Yours?”
She stops talking as Lestrade walks in. He looks tired and rumpled, and he just nods at them and makes a beeline for the kitchen and the coffee maker.
will never be able to move on, there will never be another John Watson in his life, nobody will fill that space beside him.
“Will they need this to prosecute him?” John asks before pocketing the gun and handing Sherlock the fire iron he used to club the killer.
The actors get nervous. It’s always the same, they’re relaxed and funny in the rehearsal room, because there’s no audience, no pressure, they know anything can go wrong and they’ll just do it again from the top. But on stage, under the glare of the headlights, suddenly they realise that in four short days, all the seats will be filled and two hundred people will be watching them, and for them every mistake will be the experience they have with this play in this moment, no take-backs. And John knows that by Thursday, Friday at the latest, the actors will want the audience to come in, to have that rush of adrenaline and that energy to feed off from, but right now they’re insecure and still trying to find their feet.
Sherlock turns his head to look at John, his eyes razor-sharp and hard. His voice is hard, too, and angry, when he says,“John, you have to stop assuming that I have all the answers. I’m a genius, yes, but I’m also twelve years old and stuck in a world I don’t know. I have no idea what I’m doing, all right? I’m not even a good person. And yet you follow me around like a puppy and expect me to fix everything. But I can’t. I can’t fix anything, I can’t solve this, and I can’t save you! So go away and leave me alone!”
anything at all. “If that were true, most of my sexual encounters wouldn’t “count” either.” He indicates the quotes with his fingers, the gesture as harshly biting as his words.
The judging goes quickly, this time. Anderson is a mess. Irene, Molly and Moriarty are competent and get lots of praise. Mary and Janine aren’t as bad as Anderson, but neither of their bakes is spectacular.
“Why didn’t he take over the bakery?” Sherlock asks, because this is a point he was always curious about and never asked.
It’s the third time this week she’s called him in the middle of the night, drunk and crying and threatening to throw herself off a building or something equally dramatic if he doesn’t come over
John’s grateful for whatever instinct made Sherlock keep in contact with Billy. He taught them more about the city and the society here than anybody else. He knows the city like the back of his hand, and most of its dirty tricks and secrets.
“No, I’m…. oh,” John’s voice trails off as he remembers the odd way Sherlock looked at them when he walked in on the wedding planning, and how from Sherlock’s point of view it might have looked like they were planning their wedding. And suddenly it occurs to him that Sherlock has been thinking he’s engaged and… “Oh.”
John bites back a smile at her eagerness to see what Sherlock has done. He starts explaining it to her, and John immediately zones out because they’re speaking a mixture of English, Feyara, and Chemistry, and John’s not exactly fluent in two out of the three.
John grabs Sherlock’s arm and forces him to stop, to turn around and look at John. “Sherlock, what do we do if we’re really stuck here? You know, for good?”
The boy from supper, Holmes or whatever his name was, is bent over the kitchen table that holds something furred, bloody and quite dead. He’s holding a scalpel and a pair of tweezers.
There’s a noise from somewhere, and Sherlock looks up and stares directly into John’s wide, shocked eyes.
Sherlock thinks, but he tells John anyway, and John says “Brilliant”, and “Amazing,” and everything becomes bearable once more.
It’s odd for Molly to be uncertain when she talks to him. She’s at least ten years older than him, and she supervised the first year of his training, and normally she’s very aware that it’s his job to listen when she talks, but right now she hesitates. “I’m not sure it is my place to get involved, but from what Sherlock said, things in your world are very…. different from ours in… some respects,” she says, obviously weighing every word very carefully.
The others all chuckle, except Moriarty, who snorts, unamused. He opens his mouth, but then John looks at him pointedly and he closes his mouth again. He turns and walks away, muttering something about imbecilic amateurs and tedious and boring. Sherlock tends to agree with him, but he’s not stupid enough to voice these thoughts aloud.
He imagined waiting for John under the Falls themselves, but getting to the Falls in the dark would probably kill them both, he decides when he gets there about eight hours before midnight. So he hides himself in the woods near the ascent to the Falls and decides this will have to do.
John does as she says, helping her lift Sherlock to undress him. Sherlock starts retching again the minute he’s upright, and John quickly grabs a bucket from under the bed for Sherlock to dry-heave into it. He looks absolutely miserable when he’s done and John helps him lie back down again. He gently runs a hand through Sherlock’s messy, sweat-damp hair. “You can sleep in a moment, the doctor is just checking your shoulder.”
Groans and laughter follow, and when everybody has calmed down somewhat, Sherlock says, “Sometimes mistakes do make things funnier. We were nearing the end of the run of this wildly farcical comedy where, at a pivotal moment in the play, my co-star and I were bound to chairs, back to back. We’re in the middle of the scene, and our gangster boss comes in and asks for the MacGuffin of the play. Suddenly, my co-star starts rocking the chair and wriggling. I’Ve got no idea what he’s doing, of course, so I’m just trying not to fall off that chair while looking like this is all perfectly normal and we’ve done this every night for six months. Suddenly, he’s free of the ropes and he runs off stage.”
John nods again, and Sherlock can almost see him retreat more deeply into his mind as he physically moves away from Sherlock. Sherlock knows he should stop talking now, but somehow he can’t. “You volunteered for the Army, meaning you thrive on danger and high-pressure environments, so no wonder you’re understimulated at a surgery that caters to the small, day-to-day illnesses of people who, 90% of the time, don’t even need a doctor. You should be working at a busy inner-city A+E, you should do triage and save lives. So why don’t you?”
Sherlock shrugs and closes the door to the corridor of his mind palace where he hides the things he doesn’t want to think about anymore. “The usual. Baking.”
The two hosts come over and Sherlock takes a few moments to explain what he’s doing. When they ask him about whose favourite the cake is, he lies and tells them it’s his mother’s, which is sort of true, because she is the only member of his family to ever try it.
Sherlock turns the photograph around and nods thoughtfully. “It makes a certain amount of sense, I suppose,” he mutters, striding over to his blackboard and picking up the chalk. He scribbles out formulae and murmurs nonsense words to himself.
When the door closes behind her, Sherlock makes a lunge for the package. John gets up as well and they both stare at the package for a few seconds. It’s not large, wrapped in brown paper, the name
Sherlock stops and turns, and John can see Sherlock's razor-sharp attention focussing on Jim. His face registers no surprise, just an alert wariness. “Good evening, Mr Moriarty.”
John rolls his eyes. “I’m training to be a medic. So yes, I know how girls get pregnant. I even know how not to get a girl pregnant.”
“Like I was shot,” Sherlock mutters, rolling his eyes a little at the general stupidity of the question, a point which John is willing to concede. “What time is it?”
I do know you sleep, I’ve seen you sleep every day for almost two years. You can fool everybody else with that whole I’m above all this human nonsense act, but I’ve seen you eat an entire package of chocolate biscuits and then fall asleep on the sofa during Jeremy Kyle, so you don’t fool me
John snorts. “Of course there isn’t. It’s all about the individual taste of three people, after all. I suppose it’s inevitable, really. Food can never be judged really objectively.”
John nods. “He could recite every part he’s ever had word-perfectly, back to primary school nativity plays. But he won’t do it, he’s been in New York for six years, he won’t come back for something he’s done before. You know how he is. He never does anything twice.”
Sherlock looks up from checking his email at the less-than-inviting spread. But he knows he needs to eat; this day is far from over. “Which one do you think has the least chance of giving me food poisoning?”
He slowly gets up and leaves Molly’s office, then walks up to Sherlock’s room to have a serious discussion about the future.
It’s dark inside, but there’s definitely somebody in there, and that somebody is doing something at Moriarty’s workstation. John wants to go in, but Sherlock motions for him to leave off. They need to know what’s going on. He gestures at his eyes and at the front of the tent, and John seems to understand, because he follows Sherlock and together, they watch as Jim Moriarty makes his way back towards the house, strolling now as though out for an after-dinner-walk.
Sherlock looks at the picture for a long time. John’s grandmother looks very little like him, except for her eyes. They’re similarly shaped and seem to be the same dark blue as John’s. She’s wearing a simple house dress. Both children are in sharply pressed button-down shirts, apparently dressed up for the photo. Sherlock wonders whether there is another picture in this series, one without the grandmother, one where the children are looking into the camera and smiling formally, a picture for framing, not tucking carelessly into a recipe book. But the picture looks like it’s been handled many times, looked at many times. It looks like a peaceful moment in a hard life. It looks like something you take out and gaze at when things are tough, to remind yourself that if things were this good once, they can be this good again.
Thank you to my wonderful beta BookGirlWithLove for her hard work and her patience. And to hotshoeagain who beta-read some of the chapters.
Sherlock, by contrast, gets a letter almost every day, many of them in ever-changing code, and John gets the impression Sherlock enjoys the code-breaking more than the actual content of the letters.
“Unlikely,” Sherlock says absently, feeling around the floorboards with his long, sensitive violinist fingers. “We’re both far better educated than Violet Jones, so we would have found better paying work.”
“Shall we get down to business, then?” Janine asks, checking her watch. “You’re paying me by the hour, after all, and I do have other clients.”
Jim’s grin broadens, as if he’s read John’s thoughts. “You know I’m right. I can offer him the two things he wants most. A challenge, and a way home.”
The hotel’s dining room is packed when he enters. The crew sits together around a large table, the judges and hosts among them. Moriarty sits alone. The rest of the contestants are sitting around another large table, except Irene who’s nowhere to be seen. John waves him over when he sees Sherlock, but Sherlock waves him off. He’s not in the least in the mood. He grabs an inoffensive-looking sandwich and gets himself a cup of tea.
Now they’re sitting here, silently, until the waitress brings the tea and the chips. Sherlock pours for both of them, adds milk and sugar to his cup, stirs.
John sighs. “I don’t know. On one hand, we should try to return home. Our families will be worried sick. On the other hand, our chances of making it back are slim at best, and in the meantime, we can’t just wait around and do nothing.”
Tuesday they run out of Feverweed, so he goes down to the basement, which houses the clinic's morgue, Molly's office and the clinic pharmacy.
The room is quiet, the only sounds coming from Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner, who go from baker to baker and ask them about their bakes.
That night, they lie next to each other on another too-small, rickety bed. John isn’t sleeping because he’s in pain, and Sherlock isn’t sleeping because John isn’t sleeping.
John smirks at him, resting a hand casually on Sherlock’s hip and pulling him closer, tangling their legs together until they’re thoroughly entwined. “No, but I’m not the one whose knickers got into a twist the first time this happened.”
He hears Irene whisper to Adriana, “We get to exchange Jim Moriarty for this? I must’ve been a very good girl lately.” She smirks. “It’s been far too long since I’ve had a good production fling.”
"What do you think you're doing?" Sherlock demands, setting the pot of tea he just made down on John’s bedside table.
He’s used to feeling like this at the end of tech week, but it’s fucking Monday, and he’s already nearly done in. He was in at eight to check whether the stage was done, found seven things that needed to be fixed, then spent the time before the actors came in at noon helping Mary focus and program the lights. They’re programming light cues tonight and tomorrow with Lestrade and Anderson, so the basic focusing needs to be done by then. Fortunately, the play has about six light cues, so at least the programming should be quick.
John snorts, incredulous. “You don’t honestly believe that Sherlock would just have let Mrs Hudson die, do you?”
“You could ask Emma about sponsoring. The show must have sponsoring partners. Product placement, that sort of thing. Maybe the BBC could get you in touch with some of them,” John ventures. “These muffins are appalling, by the way.”
“Afghanistan,” John answers, looking at him with a vaguely stunned expression. Then he visibly shakes himself out of it and gives Sherlock a small smile. “That was pretty good. You’re very perceptive. Just don’t tell anyone, all right?”
John just hopes that if they fail to get back home, their sneaking off won’t mean they can’t return here, because Mrs Hudson seems a genuinely good sort.
When Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner stroll over with the steadicam, John tells a funny story about his gran and how he nearly burned down the bakery making choux pastry once and forgetting it on the stove, and everybody within hearing laughs, but Sherlock can tell John’s heart isn’t in it.
Sherlock swallows and looks at his fingers, trying to hide the little shiver that involuntarily runs down his spine at that tone of voice.
His phone alert dings just as his batch of jam is cooling, and he goes to check it. New entry on John’s blog.
“Charming chap,” John comments mildly, having watched the whole exchange with some interest. “Does he realise he looks like an arse in these chef whites?”
Below that are several anonymous comments with varying degrees of pornographic speculation about their respective penis size and sexual preferences.
The man looks down at the file in his lap. “You were apprehended about five miles from Devonshire, near a place called Musgrave Manor. Do you know what is special about Musgrave Manor?”
The violin is better, but though the music keeps the silence at bay, when he stops playing it comes back full force, somehow even louder than before.
John sighs. He’s too tired and too scared to argue. “Fine. But fair warning: If we get lost in the woods and we're starving, I'm turning cannibal and eating you.”
The judges withdraw, and the contestants mill about. John vanishes and comes back with a few sandwiches, which he distributes to the contestants. Finally, he comes over to Sherlock. “I’ve got plastic cheese, dodgy tuna and something that I think might be radioactive ham left. You want one?”
John darts a quick glance at Sherlock, who quickly busies himself with his cake again, a bit angry at himself for getting caught listening.
It suits Sherlock perfectly, because they both know there’s something more to say. Something Sherlock needed to build up to. He swallows. “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock exchanges a quick glance with John, whose fingers have tightened around his tea cup, and subtly shakes his head.
So John explains about Violet Jones and how she got here, and that they wanted to see for themselves whether the Gate is open or not.
John lies down on the bed and tries very, very hard not to think about what it would mean if the Gate was actually open. They could go home. Does he want that? Does Sherlock? Would he want to stay here without Sherlock?
“If I trip you on purpose and you break your leg, or if you trip over my feet by accident and you break your leg, your leg is equally broken,” Sherlock points out, and John shakes his head.
He turns around and glares at her. She’s stirring her coffee thoughtfully and ignores his glare. Seeing him at his worst has removed any trace of awe Molly ever had of him.
“Harriet met me for coffee a few days ago and said I should leave you alone because I’m bad for you. And I was just wondering, am I?” he asks, his voice barely holding steady over the last few words.
Sherlock is the last contestant in the tent. He waited until everyone else was gone and packed up his things as quickly as possible, eager to leave this battlefield of a day behind him.
“Sometimes a scone is just a scone, John. Not everything we eat needs to have a fond memory attached.“
Sherlock feels the sudden, unexpected urge to say something funny, to get John’s attention back, to make him smile like that at him. “Could be worse,” he says, and John’s eyes snap to him. “Imagine if any of them actually knew they were talking about gay sex on national television.”
John doesn’t say anything for a long time. Then he puts his hand over Sherlock’s on his skin. “Would you do it, if it were the other way around?”
“He is what happens when all the accumulated Whitehall stuffiness assumes human form,” Sherlock bites out.
By Thursday, he's settled on his bakes and has already made a YouTube video on how not to make macarons. So he goes back to his current experiments of substituting honey for sugar while making jam and grouching about the inferior quality of his honey supply. Maybe once his bakery is up and running, he can finally look into getting a few beehives on the roof of his flat. In the meantime, he fills a few jam orders from nearby restaurants, goes on a long walk in Regent’s Park to forage for rosehips,  and posts some teasing Instagram pictures of his savoury macarons. He gets five texts from his brother that he deletes without reading and wonders how long he can ignore Mycroft before he finds his annoying brother in his kitchen.
He gets up abruptly and mutters something about bathrooms before he all but flees in the direction of the loo.
Sherlock shrugs. “Did you ever have the urge to do something stupid and self-destructive? You were the least stupid stupid thing I could think of.”
The sponge is delicately flavoured with an interesting spice blend Sherlock hasn’t tried in this combination before. The redcurrant jam is obviously homemade and there’s something else in there. Raspberry, maybe. It fits the sponge perfectly. The cake is not too sweet, not too tart, a perfect balance between the two, and the bite from the cinnamon and something he can’t place makes it one of the best mouthfuls of cake Sherlock has ever had.
“While we’re at shaking things up, how about some sexual tension?” Irene asks, giving Sherlock an insinuating smile.
John looks at him for a long time, then he nods, just once, but somehow the finality of the gesture makes Sherlock equally sad and relieved.
John rolls his eyes, but he takes another bite. “The poppy seed base is a bit too dry. And something is missing, I’m not sure what. There aren’t any raisins in this, are there?”
He takes out his phone and opens his text program. He enters Billy Wiggins’ number and thinks about what he wants.
Sherlock looks up at that last one, and John can see the exhaustion now. He remembers how it feels when you can’t sleep, for days, for weeks, like every hour of the night is mocking you with the promise of rest, and every day is an endless tunnel of grey exhaustion until you can finally lie down again, only for the whole ugly cycle to start again.
The gingerbread recipe seems fine at first glance. He leafs through the book and stops here and there to read recipes of things he’s never heard of. Buchteln. Powidl, yeast dough, custard. Sounds delicious. He grabs his notebook and starts jotting down a few ideas as he continues to leaf through the book. He finds the recipe for the Punschkrapfen John made, sees where John modified it (mostly by using far less rum). The apple and poppy seed pasties he made on Sunday are also in here, but as a sort of cake. The judges loved the combination of Austrian and Afghan flavours and influences, and Sherlock thinks privately that John should have won last week. He didn’t because of Moran, because Moran loved Moriarty’s pretentious little bite-sized pastries. But they weren’t nearly as interesting as John’s. The combination of poppy seed and apple is delicious, and Sherlock thinks he might try making little mini-pies for when he finally has his bakery, with interesting latticework.
It feels nice, and John leans into it for a moment before shrugging her off. “I’m fine, really. Sherlock’s fine, too, he’s just having an odd reaction to some Fey’a medication and a concussion.”
John rubs a hand over his face and sighs. “Sherlock, you have to stop this. How many times are you going to throw your life away for me?” He looks up, and there’s something in his eyes, something deep and dark and real. “I’m not bloody worth it, Sherlock. I was never bloody worth it.”
Second proofing time, and Sherlock is having a hard time keeping his annoyance at bay. He’s sitting in the catering tent, scrolling through his emails, listening with half an ear to the other contestants moaning about their bakes.
“What’s all this, then?” John asks later that night, as they’re eating the leftover scones at the kitchen table of Sherlock’s studio kitchen. It’s already dark outside, and John is dressed in grey wool trousers, a button-down shirt and a jumper that’s slightly less awful than his usual ones. The trousers cling enticingly to his arse every time he gets off his chair. Sherlock is a bit distracted by them.
The rational part of him knows Sherlock is already sorry for what he said, was sorry before the words finished leaving his mouth, that Sherlock can be an arsehole when he lets his brain run away with his mouth, but the nastiness Sherlock is capable of has never been directed at
Sherlock makes a few notes in his notebook. The kettle clicks off and John gets up to pour the water over the bags of PG Tips Sherlock already dumped into two mugs.
The first run-through is a tedious mess, because they need to stop to add the sound and light cues and get transitions right, and John can feel the actors’ annoyance and boredom coil like a taut string. The second run-through is catastrophic, because the goddamned vomit contraption breaks and they need half an hour to clean up the stage and repair the fucking thing.
He tries to consider her question seriously. Truth is, he doesn’t know what he’d do if the opportunity suddenly presented itself, and he hasn’t thought about it in at least a year. He and Sherlock made a pact to keep looking for a way home, but life has swept them up lately, and they’ve both been so busy with their lives here that returning home has become something of a childhood dream, still taken out and regarded fondly occasionally, but slowly dimming in the harsh light of growing up. He also has the feeling the answer might be different for him than it is for Sherlock.  He smiles at her a little sadly and shakes his head. “I don’t even know. It feels like we should, but… I don’t know. Every day we’re here this place feels more real, and the world we left is like a story I read in a book somewhere. They probably think we’re dead by now anyway.”
There is no objective reason for this. Yet he still feels like somebody has removed his very center of gravity and everything is floating, unreal, adrift. Nothing is as it was before. Nothing will ever be as it was before.
Sherlock helps himself to a cucumber sandwich and a scone, and silently scoffs at the poor quality of both.
John sits down in his chair and sips from a mug of tea that’s appeared in his hand. “Maybe it can’t be. Maybe you’ve ruined it. It was always the most likely outcome of our… association, shall we call it …, that sooner or later you’d break something you wouldn’t be able to fix. After all,” and he turns into Mycroft mid-sentence, “it’s not like you have any experience with this. It’s not like you’ve ever been able to keep anyone around for longer than they absolutely had to be.”
Billy tersely reports that nothing’s moving, and they settle in to watch. John starts eating the sandwich he picked up from the little shop next to the clinic, and Billy watches him hungrily until John gives him half.
Molly huffs a laugh. "He's been a bit off lately, don't you think?" she asks, fetching the bandages from a drawer.
John’s eyes flick to him briefly, and Sherlock immediately looks away, busying himself with cleaning up his workspace. John turns his head a little and rakes his eyes slowly over Sherlock’s frame in a way that leaves Sherlock in no doubt what he’s thinking about. Then he turns back to his custard and stirs, and Sherlock feels weak in the knees and slightly hot, and he definitely knows it has little to do with the actual room temperature.
He's on his way to his car when he sees John sitting on a bench in the parking lot. He lost sight of John in the commotion after their joint victory. John looks tired, frustrated and sad rather than triumphant, and he's fidgeting with his cane and rubbing his leg, oblivious to Sherlock's presence. There's a duffle bag at John's feet that looks heavy.
Around them, nature grows wilder as they approach the forest. They walk mostly in silence, only occasionally stopping to drink water from a brook or to rest in the shade of a tree for a few minutes.
The slight smile that flickers over Sherlock’s face is gone so quickly that anyone who wasn’t watching him as closely as John was wouldn’t even notice it. Then Sherlock gets up and rolls his eyes, nonchalant mask back in place. “Fine, whatever you say, Doctor.”
Walking closely together, spooked and yet unwilling to show it, they leave the circle and walk vaguely in the direction of the village.
Warm hands frame his face. Sherlock is leaning in, holding John’s head in his hands. “John.” His voice is warm and soft and very close. “Breathe.”
Neither of them says anything as they both look out over the car park towards the tent and beyond. The landscape is dark, the trees, empty of leaves, weave their skeletal arms into the cloudless sky.
John never drinks because he’s mortally afraid of becoming an alcoholic. He joined the Army because he couldn’t help either his father or his sister and hated watching them destroy themselves. He almost certainly tried to kill himself at least once, after he figured out he couldn’t operate anymore. He still dreams of Afghanistan, and a lot of these dreams aren’t bad. He loves and hates the work in the clinic about equally. He dated Sarah because he thought he should, not because he actually wanted to. Sherlock’s not the first man he touched, but he’s the first man he really
“My wedding is in ten weeks, you arse! This morning, Janine dumped this giant binder into my lap. Everything in it is my job. So fucking linen or silk, John?”
They walk on in companionable silence. John leads them down a path that ends them up by a small lake. They stop at the water’s edge and look out at the lake, without speaking, and Sherlock feels oddly peaceful, oddly content in the moment. John picks up a few small stones and starts chucking them into the lake.
Sherlock has nothing to say to that. At least nothing he can find the courage to say out loud, in the middle of the night, to a John Watson whose eyes are glazed with fever.
When Billy leaves, Sherlock mutters something about having to check something and rushes off, clearly upset.
So Sherlock feels somewhat justified to count John’s press of lips against his a significant beginning – he will later re-label this incident Kiss Zero in his head - even though it was only technically a kiss and he was technically dead at the time.
It was the greatest case he ever had. It was an exhilarating, exciting, fantastic ride, a game spanning the whole country and decades of history, a thrill both personal and abstract. Carl Powers, the bombs, the constant stream of little mysteries all tied together to one big mystery, the chase, the danger, the darkness; Sherlock never felt this alive, this challenged, this brilliant.
“Who calls you that?” Sherlock asks, and he doesn’t mind that his amusement is clearly audible in his voice.
“I know. But I’ve got three days to tech, a new cast member, the lights aren’t done, the stage is a mess, and I’m in rehearsals all day. I need you to pull it together for three days, Mike. Once we’re in tech, you can go on holiday for all I care. But I need a finished stage and every headlight in its place and focused by Monday, otherwise we’re fucked.”
But then he gets a reminder that the world is still burning, he’s just taking a holiday from watching the flames.
He’s sure that some of the deep-seated longing he feels must show on his face, because John smiles at him, gentle and warm. “You’re getting freckles again,” John says, voice low and fond.
The old man shrugs. “I liked Kitty, and I felt sorry for her. Anyway, it didn't really matter, because the lodestone is a fake.”
Because somewhere deep inside, Sherlock knows that Mycroft is cleverer than him. Mycroft has all of his abilities of observation and deduction, but in addition to that, Mycroft has some qualities that Sherlock knows he lacks.
He walks and walks, letting his feet carry him through the streets he knows so well, streets he walked so many times. When he got out of rehab the second time, he used to play this game, to keep his thoughts occupied. He’d ride the tube to a random station, never letting himself look, and then he’d figure out where he was and take a way home that would take him by randomly selected checkpoints. One night, he’d challenge himself to walk by at least ten Tescos on his way home. Another night, Indian restaurants. Chippies, tobacconists, Marks+Spencers, McDonald’s. Pubs with a shamrock in their logo. Anything to focus his brain on something other than where to get his next hit.
“I know, and if he’d pulled it off, I would name him star baker right now,” Donovan says, turning to Moran. “But do you honestly like it? Does it taste good?”
John grins and shrugs while he stretches his dough out further. “Only every single Sunday of my childhood. My gran used to clear the dining room table and make strudel dough for apple strudel, and this is pretty much exactly the same. I helped her as soon as I could reach the table. She always said you need to be able to read a newspaper through it.”
After a while, they can make out the first houses in the mist, and slowly, the village reveals itself, street, shops with signs hanging from their hinges, open doors, rotting leaves in the street, ancient church spire vanishing in the mist.
John knows he can never forget Kitty, lying there in that abandoned warehouse. He just wishes he was equally sure about Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn't have time to answer, because the two – for lack of a better word – fairies have landed right in front of them and are pointing their crossbows straight at them.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I know. But I want to…” he trails off and looks at John. “I want you to understand…” he gestures helplessly between them.
Sherlock grabs John to steady him, and his hands linger on John’s hips for a few seconds too long. Their eyes meet, and the smile John gives him seems actually genuine.
And this time, Sherlock believes him. He smiles and settles back down, closing his eyes. He’s so very tired.
John hesitates, and Sherlock feels a bit like he’s on the edge of a cliff, and suddenly John’s answer matters much more than it should.
And all he can think about are twelve perfect mince pies he hates for no discernable reason. And a poppy seed cake that is perfect only when it is entirely imperfect.
Sherlock looks up from the kitchen table, where he’s lazily leafing through John’s gran’s recipe book, waiting for inspiration to strike. “It requires a great amount of precision, not something you excel in when it comes to baking.”
Mrs Hudson puts a package on the table. “This just came for you,” she says. “Do you boys want some lunch?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Obviously, it's not because I have a car and wanted to offer you a lift, it’s because I intend to murder you and grind down your corpse for pie fillings."
But what he really misses is the all-consuming sense of purpose the war brought him. As a doctor he’s never exactly led a meaningless life, but applying a pressure bandage to a young solider wounded in action while left and right grenades are exploding, knowing that you’re maybe one of maybe ten people in the whole army who can perform emergency medical procedures under heavy fire without their hands shaking, being regarded as a valuable member of an elite team, that’s something you can’t replace easily.
“Look,” Harriet says, and something about her tone makes Sherlock look up and take the concern on her face seriously. “He’s… I won’t say that he’s too good for you, even though we both know that’s true. But the simple fact is that you’re bad for him. You’re very, very bad for him. So please, stay away. Let him go.”
Sherlock bites down on the relief that swamps him and deliberately doesn’t smile when he turns around to meet John, who’s walking towards him looking a little winded.
John nods at him and Sherlock lets go. Slowly, but steadily, John walks across the room towards the door. Then he turns. “Bit late to go back. The bed’s made in the guest room. So you can. You know. Stay. If you want to.”
that he has human weaknesses like hunger and thirst and a body that needs to sleep. And he hates it even more when people know he has human weaknesses, and mention it to him.
Sherlock huffs a laugh and resists the urge to take John’s hand and wind their fingers together as they walk through the autumn sunshine. “Let’s risk it.”
“Well,” Sherlock says, making himself flinch with the loudness of his voice in the sudden silence, the false ring of his cheer. “Might as well get this over with.”
“God, sorry, sorry,” John says and winces. “Wasn’t looking where I was going.” He looks over Sherlock critically. “You got anything on you?”
“Oh my god, the pig’s heart.” Sherlock makes a disgusted face. “By Wednesday it was always a bit dodgy.”
“Making something simple and elevating it is difficult in its own right.” Donovan gestures at the pudding. “The spice blend, the bite of the alcohol in the sauce, and the ice cream are all fantastic.” She smiles at Sherlock, and Sherlock has no trouble smiling back, because he’s pretty sure he’ll win.
“Sherlock,” John says gently, and Sherlock looks up from the microscope again, caution in every line of his body. “Say it.”
With that, he turns and walks away and Sherlock is left there in the parking lot, still dumbstruck. Half of him is seething, and the other half thinks the same thing he thinks every time he sees John.
He can feel Moriarty watching him, and once, Moriarty passes them on the way to the loo and says, voice dripping with fake sweetness, “That looks delicious, Sherlock.”
It’s Thursday, and Sherlock has just distributed the leftovers from both his and John’s bakes from yesterday to his homeless network when his mobile rings.
When John was in his second year of med school, his flatmate at the time was involved in a student theatre company that put on truly awful productions, but had so much fun doing it that nobody cared. They were doing an all-girls version of Richard III when their lighting tech got sick with a virulent stomach flu three days before opening. John was used to all-nighters, and helping out his flatmate was a very good excuse to delay going home for Christmas by a week, and he also had a bit of a crush on one of the actresses. He sat down with a manual, learned to operate a light desk and programmed sixty-six light cues within 24 hours. When the curtain went up on opening night, he was exhausted and hadn't slept in far too long, but as the lights dimmed, a hush fell over the audience. The curtain rose, and as he hit his first cue perfectly, John Watson fell in love with theatre.
“Seriously, this is delicious. Somewhat makes up for the blandness of your scones,” Moran adds, and John thanks them and moves back to his workstation. He exchanges a glance with Sherlock and shrugs good-naturedly, since it’s pretty obvious that he won’t win today.
As soon as they’re horizontal, Sherlock starts pulling on John’s clothes, even as John peels his layers off, coat, jacket, shirt.
“John is doing his mince pies with shortcrust,” Mrs Hudson points out and also tastes from the mince pie filling.
Sherlock swallows, dimly aware that John is calling beginners, and they’re all going on stage to take their places. The house lights dim, the curtain lifts, and they’re on.
Everybody laughs, and the cameras move on to Sherlock, who can’t be bothered to look up from where he’s stretching out his filo pastry. “Filo for mince pies, very interesting,” Mrs Turner muses. “Do you also regret your life decisions?”
The other two agree, Lestrade enthusiastically, Donovan sceptically. They each take a plate and start tasting.
“Leave me alone,” John says, turning away from Sherlock demonstratively. “You’ve done enough for one day.”
Irene is, predictably, the last to arrive, and she grins at Sherlock across the room. He nods politely back and she winks at him, then goes to take the last of the twelve workstations and starts setting up.
Fifteen minutes later, they’ve both pulled themselves together enough to sneak Sherlock back into his room. Sherlock takes a quick shower and dresses, then goes downstairs to breakfast. He’s ravenously hungry and his entire body is thrumming with satisfaction, something he is very much not used to.
John doesn’t dignify the rhetorical question with an answer. Instead, he wonders aloud, “So he’s one of your little helpers? What’s a former British Army officer doing with an Irish farm boy half his age?”
Sherlock’s eyes snap up to John’s face, as if gauging his sincerity, and apparently he’s satisfied with what he finds there, because he says, “It’s idiotic to keep a house you don’t like.”
Sherlock is stunned into speechlessness for a second, which never happens, ever. “What… what are you doing?” he finally asks.
Sherlock is watching him closely. “Unlikely, though remember that time passes much more slowly in our world, meaning she could theoretically have arrived before we did.”
Oh, he stares at Sherlock. Especially in costume. Sherlock can feel his eyes travel up his bare spine like fingertips, and he knows just from the feeling that look gives him that when he finally
With that, she nods at both of them and leaves, Lya close behind. At the exit, Lya turns and points between the two of them. “Stay out of Faedorn. For your own safety. Jim has people everywhere, and the Gate is always under guard. By him and us. If we don’t stop you, he will, and believe me, that’s not an experience you want to have.”
They smoke in silence for a while, but he can feel her staring at him. “You’re different on telly,” Harry finally says. “More glamorous. On telly I could sort of see why John’s in love with you. Now, not so much.”
Suddenly, without any warning, the lights come back on, and the elevator lurches, then starts moving again.
Sherlock’s heart is pounding as loudly in his ears as the Falls when he steps out of the wood to the small clearing John has paused in to find his bearing.
“Oh god, before my final exams, I stayed up all night and baked five batches of brownies,” Molly groans.
John catches up to him and walks easily beside him, cane forgotten again. “No, you snuck out. Leaving is when you’re waiting for the other person to wake up, and you say goodbye, and give some indication whether proceedings were satisfactory and whether this sort of thing is likely to repeat itself. Sneaking out is waiting until the other person is asleep and then leaving without waking them.”
To his surprise, he discovered that the reasons he likes living with John have nothing to do with him doing the shopping, the vacuuming, him paying the rent and the utilities and stopping Sherlock from destroying the flat in any way that will make even Mrs. Hudson evict them. In fact it has everything to do with John, who, underneath his quietly normal façade, is intelligent, interesting, capable, strong, who he can talk to and have some outside chance of being understood, who thinks Sherlock is brilliant as well as weird, who can keep up with Sherlock in every way save intellectually (which, let’s be honest, nobody else could, either).
John swallows hard against the lump in his throat and looks out of the window. “Just, can we not talk about this anymore?”
Next morning, he avoids breakfast and succumbs to the temptation and has a cigarette instead, sitting outside on the steps for a moment, going through all the stages of his bake in his mind.
he thinks. What would he have done, back in London, safe and sound and at 221B, with John Watson there every day to talk to, make tea, chase killers, type badly, nag him to eat?
“This is beneath you, Sherlock. The venue is small, the pay is bad, and you’ve already done the part. I thought we agreed that you’d only take parts that are artistically challenging to you. If you’re not challenged, you get bored, and that’s when you indulge in unhealthy behaviour. And I thought we agreed six years ago that you were better off not getting emotionally entangled. It draws your focus, Sherlock.”
She doesn’t yet know of the many ways in which he has failed her, failed her father, failed her mother, failed as a person and as a detective. She doesn’t know yet that he’s broken his vow, that he allowed her mother to die.
Sherlock blinks, and John presses on. “What was the mistake, Sherlock? Because from what I saw, your bake was bloody perfect. So could it be, Mr Consulting Baker Genius, that my bake was just better than yours, and that the sex we had last night was unrelated to the fact that I kicked your arse in competition today? Could it be that we’re not just a group of amateurs, that some of us actually know what we’re bloody doing? I’ve been baking since I was five years old, Sherlock, so get off your bloody high horse and acknowledge that you’re not the only person who can bake here.”
John grimaces a little as if in pain. “I’m sorry about that,” he mutters, rubbing his hand over his face. “God, I broke your nose,” he adds, and there’s a slightly hysterical tinge to his voice, like it’s almost funny but at the same time the farthest from it he can think of.
Pull yourself together, Holmes. Making him smile is like cocaine. A sudden, incredible rush and the inevitable come-down when you realise it can never last.
“God, I’ve missed this place,” Sherlock says. “I hate New York. I’ve wanted to come back to London pretty much since the second I left.”
John nods, satisfied with himself so far. He’s calm. Professional, helpful. Everything a good DSM should be. He goes through details of rehearsal times and wardrobe fittings with a minimum of fuss. This is easy. He knows how to do this. He’s worked with loads of actors he couldn’t stand, or thought were idiots, or had a little crush on.
It’s three in the morning, and he’s at Harry’s place. Harry is, not to put too fine a point to it, plastered.
“Okay,” John says, and there’s something in his voice, a steely determination that Sherlock finds extremely aggravating and deeply reassuring at the same time. “You need coffee. And breakfast. Come on.”
They have a brief argument how to proceed when they actually reach the city. Sherlock is more inclined to spend a night on the street, but John points out that they don’t have any food - bread and cheese from this morning are long gone -, they’re both wearing light summer clothing, and they stick out like a sore thumb, so much so that John’s caught more than one passer-by staring at them. Their clothes, their shoes, the fact that they’re dirty, exhausted, twelve and unaccompanied, all make them extremely conspicuous. John is all for going to the authorities, because maybe the police can help them get back home. Sherlock thinks the police are idiots, but since Sherlock thinks this of 99% of the human population, the argument is short, and John wins.
Sally Donovan smiles at him sweetly, but he can see that she’s not happy, and he makes a mental note to keep the snark to a minimum with her. However much he might disagree with her, he needs her to like him. “I bet you’re never boring, Mr Holmes,” she says, and everybody within hearing laughs.
be your crowning achievement if you won against me. Since you won’t, however…” Sherlock trails off and shrugs.
“No.” John pauses for a moment and then grabs at Sherlock’s arm, patting it awkwardly. “Thank you. You know. For the cake.”
Sherlock is still watching the crowd. “Yes, yes,” he says and lets himself be dragged along by John.
“No. But it doesn't matter where they'll send me next, it'll be just as bad, and I doubt Father will leave me at Musgrave Manor for long.” He sighs, a deeply frustrated sound. “Oh, what I wouldn't give to be an adult and to make my own decisions.”
“I know it’s a lot to ask, but can you come in right away?” Mrs Hudson asks.  “We can deal with the contract and you can start rehearsing this afternoon. John will give you the script then. You remember John, right?”
The Fey’a boy is sitting on a stone, watching them. “Are you all right, then?” he asks, sounding a bit bored. “I was supposed to stay with you to see if you need any help, but if you’re fine, I have things to do.”
“That won’t put me to sleep at all,” John mutters, and Sherlock laughs. He holds the tent flap upen for John, ignoring the flutter in his stomach when John’s body brushes past his as they enter the tent.
Sherlock looks him once over and obviously swallows down what he wanted to say and settles for a gentle, “No. I’ll be fine. Get some sleep.”
The paramedics are reassuringly brisk and professional. They’ve got Mary on a stretcher and are wheeling her out in no time, and John stumbles after them in a trance. There’s a short discussion where it turns out he can’t ride in the ambulance with her, but he can follow in a cab.
Carefully, slowly, so as to not wake John, Sherlock slides out from under him. He lets John’s hand slide from his hips to the mattress with a ridiculous pang of regret, and gets up carefully, rooting around for his clothes in the dark. He finds most of them, then slowly, carefully, clicks open the door. The corridor is cold and dimly lit by the light of the emergency exit sign.
The fog intensifies, and as it does, the light around them slowly fades, until it’s so dark they can barely see where they’re going.
“That’s absolutely none of your business, so leave him alone,” Sherlock snaps, feeling an entirely irrational surge of quick, defensive anger.
And yet, ever since he met John, Sherlock’s self-perception has been filtered through the eyes of John Watson, for the simple reason that whatever else was going on, Sherlock was sure that John cared for Sherlock in a way that other people never have. John saw something in Sherlock worth loving. Even when he came back, Sherlock knew that John was angry because he loved Sherlock. Now, for the first time, that certainty is shaken. And the absence of that bedrock has shaken Sherlock to the core. It shouldn’t have, rationally. But it did.
Finally, Sherlock can’t take it anymore, and even though it’s the most obvious thing to say, he asks, “Can’t sleep?”
Mycroft doesn’t dignify this with an answer, and silence falls as the driver slowly pulls into the very light late-night traffic.
John just grins, unrepentant, and shrugs. “I’m sorry for the inconvenience,” he mutters and rolls on top of Sherlock to nuzzle against his neck.
Of course, now that Sherlock’s life is going relatively smoothly, he just has to do something to nearly fuck it all up completely. The incident is labeled in his head, oddly enough, as kiss number three.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “All right. An Einstein-Rosen-Bridge connects two points in space-time, meaning essentially you can cross large distances or even dimensions instantaneously. It bends space-time.” Sherlock grabs John’s hand and puts one of his fingers on the back and one on the palm. “Imagine there’s a tunnel between the tips of my two fingers and it goes right through your hand. So I can travel through your hand, and don’t have to take the long way around. That’s an Einstein-Rosen-Bridge.”
John wins. Easily. His cream cheese strudel (or topfenstrudel as he calls it) is, according to the judges, light, lemony, sweet, perfect, his filo is crispy and thin, and his custard is, according to Sally, “Good enough to drink.”
And what about Sherlock? Will Sherlock agree to end his quest to get home, when he has so much more to lose than John? A family that cares about him, all the opportunities of wealth and privilege?
The thirty-eight hours after Mary Watson’s funeral are the worst of Sherlock’s life. Worse than Serbia. Worse than getting shot. Worse than having to leave a grieving John behind. Worse than the time his mum was in the hospital and he was afraid she would die.
“Some complaints?” Sherlock asks, scanning the room for the workstation with his name on it. “Or was it just Jim and he was really loud?”
“You kissed me,” John says, and immediately wishes he hadn’t, because it’s like suddenly a space opens between them even though neither of them has moved, and he can almost see Sherlock’s defences go up.
He thought about saying the words so often, during these endless weeks and months of slowly regaining his place in John’s life.
Sherlock nods, grinning. “Yes. And I bet there’s more where that came from. Do you want to help me find out?”
John gets up from his table as the actors move either outside into the small courtyard that separates the rehearsal area from the theatre proper, or to the tiny kitchen to get a drink.
BTW, if you want a quick dessert that will send you straight to heaven: make a crepe, fill it with Powidl, coat with the poppy seed-butter-sugar mix from above. It’s called Bohemian Palatschinke, and it’s to die for. The poppy seeds and the Powidl are divine together.
After what seems like hours but is probably only a few minutes, John pulls himself together. He rights himself and looks at Sherlock intently, grabbing his shoulders. “Listen to me. Please. You didn’t fail. You didn’t break your vow. You were ready to take a bullet that belonged to my wife, and she
After a quick goodbye and apology to Sarah, John follows Sherlock out of the pub. It doesn't surprise him when Sherlock leads him towards the clinic. What does surprise him is Sherlock's uncharacteristic silence. He asks Sherlock several times to tell him what's going on, but Sherlock only answers that John needs to see for himself.
John trails kisses down Sherlock’s neck, hands already at his belt buckle. He bites at Sherlock’s throat, and Sherlock wants more, now, now.
Sherlock looks at him and his eyes go dark with promise, and John suddenly thinks that three days are an indecently long time. “Deal.”
“And let you go on killing?” John says, moving over to stand next to Sherlock. “Like you killed Violet and Kitty?”
Sherlock looks up and realises that he has no idea how much time has passed. John has finished his scone and put his plate and cup away in the dishwasher. His phone is on the table, and it looks like he’s been checking his emails. “Of course you can go upstairs, what a stupid question.”
“It was pretty jarring,” Molly says, and all heads turn towards her, except for John’s, who’s keeping his eyes on his beer, uninterested in seeing the expression on Molly’s face. He’d seen it enough at the time. Bewilderment, and then a horrible, humiliating sort of pity. “One day I caught them snogging in the broom closet, and literally the next day Sherlock was gone. He’d talked Mrs Hudson into letting him out of his contract early. He was lucky, he wasn’t part of the cast that was performing, and it was near the end of the season, we could re-cast his part in the play we were rehearsing from the company, but it was a shock to all of us.”
John smiles into his glass of water. “I’m going to re-read the autopsy reports, maybe I’ve missed something.”
John kisses him again, winding a demanding hand into Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock falls head-first into the kiss, fingers gripping John’s jumper at his back, all the many reasons why this is a bad idea wiped from his mind by the sweep of John‘s tongue against his.
Sherlock sits up and looks at him, and he has about half a second of satisfied glow until John opens his eyes and gazes at Sherlock, predatory glint in his eyes. “That’s a good look on you,” John whispers, pulling Sherlock back into his lap and kissing his swollen lips, moaning.
Sherlock and John exchange a long glance, and finally, Sherlock gives an almost imperceptible nod. Might as well tell the truth, that nod seems to say, and John agrees.
John nods to himself, feeling awkward and uncomfortable and unhappy, and hating himself for having given Sherlock the chance to hurt him again. When will he ever fucking learn?
He demonstrates how the whipped cream can be saved by adding some cold cream to the bowl and mixing it into the curdled cream. “The curdles will dissolve into the fresh cream, and by re-introducing air into the mixture, the foam structure reforms.” He turns off the mixer and shows the perfect, fluffy peaks to the camera. “See? Perfect. Now let’s turn this into a frosting you can use on cupcakes or even cakes.”
“Not food poisoning bad, but when it’s old it doesn’t do what it’s supposed to anymore,” John inserts. “As I learned the hard way when I was trying to impress my school dance date. I promised her home-made croissants, and I used yeast from our cupboard that might as well have been there since World War II. They didn’t rise, so they were tough and dry as dust. Which significantly set back my plan of getting into her knickers.”
Today they end up in the market square, where a band of Fey'a artists have set up a makeshift stage and are juggling and performing songs for an appreciative crowd of city-dwellers, both human and Fey'a.
“I don’t think so,” Sherlock answers, locking eyes with John. “If he wanted us dead, we’d be dead. I think he wants to test me. He wants to know how I think. He wants to play.”
He leans in again, and she meets him halfway. This time it’s a proper kiss. Her lips are dry and a little chapped. She smells like something flowery and the lye soap from the clinic. It’s nice.
Sherlock would very much like to check the time on his phone, but both his arm and his phone are trapped by a sleeping John Watson, who is currently using Sherlock as a pillow.
Four weeks, six weeks at the most, then John Watson will be out of his life for good. He can indulge this, whatever it is, for six weeks.
“I actually achieved full reading comprehension about five weeks after we got here, though I must admit I’m still having problems with certain pronunciations,” Sherlock corrects him, trying and failing to look bored.
Sherlock has been waiting for the courage to say these words for a long time. He’s getting tired of waiting.
“That’s why I couldn’t,” Sherlock says, and he can hear the anger in his own voice, too, only it isn’t necessarily directed at John. “I
John opens his mouth to say something, then closes it again when he realises that Sherlock is right. There’s nothing more to say. 221B is home, and that room upstairs is his. It’s where he belongs.
Moriarty is assembling strawberry shortcakes, and Sherlock isn’t sure what he’s doing for savoury, but Sherlock is sure it won’t be better than his bake, and that’s faintly disappointing.
“Mrs. Hudson,” he says, hoping his voice doesn’t sound as awful as he feels. “Can I show this picture to Sherlock?”
Sherlock picks it up and holds it out to John, handle first. John hesitates, an unreadable expression on his face, then he takes the cane from Sherlock, but doesn’t lean on it, just holds it in his hands, looking at it like it holds the answers to anything. “You snuck out last night,” he finally says, still addressing the cane.
Wait, is that Sherlock Holmes? From the show? Are you two dating? Oh my god, you are, aren’t you? Tell us everything! Take pictures!
Sherlock has a reputation of having a nearly perfect memory. And while this is undeniably an advantage in a profession where you need to memorise not only a lot of text but also scene blocking, songs and choreography, it does have its drawbacks. Namely, when Sherlock goes into his mind palace, he can recall every single line of dialogue he has ever spoken on stage, but he can also relive, in perfect detail, the exact moment he broke John Watson’s heart. The look on his face, the expression in his eyes and the words he spoke.
“No, I just made a cream cheese topping for the cupcakes, bit of lemon, bit of sugar. It’s good, but it isn’t as good as the white chocolate would have been.” She makes an angry sort of stabbing gesture with her cigarette. “I just wish I knew why it didn’t work, it’s always worked with the dark chocolate.”
“Not good indeed,” Sherlock responds. Apparently he feels none of John’s reluctance, because he reaches out and grabs John’s hand, holding it tight. “We need to stay together no matter what,” he says, apparently feeling the need to justify himself.
“They have six hours, at the end of which all five dishes have to be done. So timing is everything.”
“What about John?” Sherlock echoes the question, trying very hard not to sound defensive, and realising that he absolutely does.
The judges declare the round winner-less, because most of the field delivered good to perfect bakes.
Objectively, he knows she’s right. But he also knows that it won’t make one bit of difference to him.
By the time they reach Baker Street, Sherlock is seething quietly. He immediately gets out his violin and starts to play.
Sherlock immediately escalates by pushing that bloody cardigan off John’s well-muscled shoulders and running greedy hands under his t-shirt.
“Sherlock,” John says, quietly, and Sherlock realises that he’s been sitting at John’s bedside and staring at the bee stickers over Rosie’s bed for the last solid two and a half minutes. “What is it?”
in his bed. Someone distinctly Sherlock-shaped. John presses his eyes shut and pretends he’s still asleep. He doesn’t have the energy for this. It’s still dark outside, and John needs every minute of sleep he can get.
John swallows, and there’s something in his voice when he answers, that seems to come from far away, from far inside his head. “I have an intermittent tremor in my left hand. I can’t... “ he looks down and licks his lips. He balls his left hand to a fist briefly, an automatic, nervous gesture that Sherlock has noticed a thousand times but only now understands. “I can’t perform procedures anymore. I can’t even do any bloody stitches.”
“Fuck,” John whispers as their eyes lock, and Sherlock can practically see John’s pupils dilate. “You should come with a warning label. ‘Kinky fucker’, or something.”
“Only time I can get some peace,” Holmes mutters, attention already mostly back on the cadaver. He gestures at John with the scalpel. “Usually at least.”
Going on nine, now. Soon, it will be ten. Nearly a third of his life. But somehow, the years he’s known John outweigh the years he hasn’t. Maybe it’s because the weight of his heart has changed the density of his body, somehow. He certainly feels more solid these days.
Emma promises to do so and leaves. John drops his box of equipment and all but runs over to Sherlock. They’re the last of the contestants, but the crew has only just started taking the tent apart, so they’re far from alone, and John keeps his voice carefully down when he says, “Sherlock, that’s absolutely fantastic!”
Sherlock shrugs. “Nobody in my family bakes. My parents always bought a cake, and it was rarely the same cake two years in a row.”
What if John doesn’t like it? What if he isn’t any good at it? He hasn’t had much practice, after all. What if he likes it and John doesn’t? What if John likes it and he doesn’t? What if neither of them likes it? What if they both do and he loses even more of his head to John, what if Moriarty comes back and sees John written all over Sherlock’s body and wraps him in Semtex again? What if John just wants to experiment and what if Sherlock doesn’t and what if John then decides he doesn’t want this after all and Sherlock does? What if John wants something Sherlock can’t give him? He’s a heartless bastard after all, isn’t he? Caring isn’t an advantage. He already cares too much about John.
And then John’s eyes flick to Sherlock’s lips, briefly, unconsciously, and Sherlock feels white-hot triumph float him like another hit of the cocaine he consumed so generously not thirty minutes ago, because now he knows
