A deer. Just a deer, and long gone.
“I’m a man!” I push them away but don’t make it
God, he was a fool. For as long as he’d been writing articles about Jack Allen, he’d spent a lot of time defending his favorite poet from criticism, particularly about all the popular references in his work. They were far more lowbrow than lasting sources like the Bible, or Shakespeare. A pompous colleague of his, a Scot named Fergus Crowley who was well revered in his position at Harvard, was a major proponent of the argument that it lessened any impact Jack Allen would have in the future. But Castiel’s rebuttal was always about how it would stand the test of time
The class did not seem very enthused.
[I could not find the album version w/o extraneous stuff, sorry. Good live version, though.]
his clothes were done. He took his time folding and rolling all his stuff neatly back into his duffel, which had at least aired out for a couple hours. The newspapers hadn’t really illuminated anything for him. Donna and her buddy Kathleen seemed competent enough to handle what was going on in Hibbing…but as long as he hadn’t mapped out the pattern himself, there’s always a chance they could happen to fall on the full moon or something and that’s an avenue the deputies wouldn’t know to explore. The hunter in him said he’d better keeping checking it out.
“Didn’t he?” said Dean. “Al ain’t stupid, Cas. Maybe he showed me enough to bring the shop down but he’s untouchable, okay? If I’d gone to the cops or the feds and they started sniffing around he’d’ve known it was me. I thought if I kept my mouth shut they’d let me go and I could protect my family. Now look what’s happened. They’re attacking kids, they’re coming after
“And then?”
“Almost there,” said Cas, then led him down the wooden stairs on the other side.
April scoffed. She was one of the just-outside-of-Boston girls. “It can’t be both. You don’t beat your kid if you actually love them.”
Cher -
emblazoned in blue on the side. Sam sighed and looked at his teachers sheepishly. “Um, I’ll think about the club.” Dean honked the horn. Sam rolled his eyes and turned to leave. “Bye!”
Nearly buckling under his fear, Dean forced himself to look back toward the two—the two men. But they didn’t have wings. At least, that’s what Dean thought at first. Then he realized that theirs didn't make shadows. They were big, so big, that all he could see were the impressions of the very tips of their longest, lowest feathers, in great swoops over the distant trees and mountains in the distance. Behind Raphael, lightning that flickered in a continuous dance. Behind Michael, wisps of cloud like living fog breathing on the mountaintops. Dean grabbed at Cas’s sleeve before he lost his shit completely.
“Thank you,” said Cas.
Just from wrapping his hands around the copper mug, hot to the touch, a shiver ran through Cas, reminding him all at once how wet and cold he was. The Dark Toddy smelled amazing, and somewhat familiar, too. Rich and fragrant with spices. He blew on the steam curling up from around the orange slice, and took a sip. As it slid down his throat the warmth spread and branched from head to toe, immediately making him cozy. “This is mulled wine.”
“He never knew about me going out and—he never knew about it,” Dean interjected. Defending John Winchester was something his brother often gave him grief for growing up; Dean didn’t want to derail the conversation, but it was very important to him Sam understood this. “I never let him. And he definitely never knew about Jack Allen, so.”
Shit. He’d been fucking awful to her and
in them as Dean had pointed out about Led Zeppelin in their second class…that would in turn lend Allen’s poems a further layer of depth.
“Good. Come back to mine?” Dean asked.
“You’re fine, Dean,” she said when she was done laughing. “Besides, what’s wrong with being a woman? Our team is cool too.”
Whether miracle or fate or fluke, he hit the water feet first. The impact snapped some of bones in his legs and he screamed, water splashing up into his mouth, then pouring in when the cold water enveloped him overhead. He thrashed, already deprived of air from the sudden fall, his legs in agony, his lungs in agony, he always knew his death would be messy but why did it have to be like this? Everything was cold, so cold, his clothing so heavy it felt like hands were crawling up his legs to drag him down faster
Missouri nodded in understanding. “My son James doesn’t hunt either. He won’t even tell his wife the things that we know.”
“I know now.”
“But the night doesn’t end there.
Finally Dean looked back at him.
The Rider’s smile had been steadily growing as he spoke. Thankfully he didn’t seem turned off by Dean’s rambling. Or implying that there would be a next time. That was a good sign, right?
“Cas it is.”
“Oh,” said Dean. “Right. Sure.” There was a moment of searing pain across his chest, but it faded immediately. “What’d you do?”
The door to the bar banged open, in typical loud Jo fashion. “Yo!” she said. “Let’s go, Dean.”
Dean, Victor, Charlie, and Billie all stood in a line drinking their beer and avidly watched the corner where you turned from the front lobby into the bowling alley proper. It was the busiest night of the week, so there should have been plenty of people in and out, but the wait seemed interminable. They all tensed as a group careened around the corner, but it was just a group of kids running toward the arcade. Then, finally, a single figure appeared. The person was little more than a shadow in the dark before hitting the bright glow in the dark and neon lights of the room, but what the person looked like didn’t matter.
“Thank you,” she said. They transferred the mugs from her fingers to Dean’s. “Think you might stay for a bite to eat?”
“…But it’s Monday.”
At last she shrugged and offered her cookie packet. “Knock yourself out.” The goods exchanged, they both wolfed down their sandwich half, looking at the field spread before them and the poor schmucks in summer gym running paltry laps around the edges.
Somehow in the shuffle Donna went in first, followed by Billie and Charlie. Dean sat at the end, but for one. A conversation started up between the women about the Carver Edlund books, and while normally Dean would be all about it he didn’t have the heart to listen in. He checked his watch; the show was starting in five minutes. Maybe Cas had been caught in the mini traffic jam the Rider had caused to keep people out of the Hellraisers’ way? Or maybe there’d been an accident—and instead of the image of a crushed Impala that usually flashed in front of his eyes at the thought, now there was a grisly scene of a Fiesta hatchback on its side and a motorcycle wheel spinning in the air. Blue flames swallowed by orange.
Not Raph and Mikey—Raphael. Michael.
Dean hesitated. The last thing in the world he wanted to do was go
in his sad little bedroom? The man so completely the same yet so completely opposite, who stayed to please his father while Dean left to please his.
“Tasted?”
Once out of the car the parking lot funneled people down toward the visitors’ center with a couple sets of glass double doors. Inside Dean had to wait in line at the long desk, behind families and retirees and people picking out what they wanted from the big gift shop. The noise of the crowd echoed around the room.
“Ah, well if it isn’t our good friend Dean!” said Zachariah.
Angels.
Castiel snapped his arm to the side and a shiny silver blade appeared. For a moment Dean figured that must have been this sword they were talking about, until the others held out their hands and identical swords appeared. The light from the tower glanced off them every time it flashed by. Cas pushed harder against Dean’s chest, walking him backward toward the guard rail, close enough droplets of foam rained down on their heads with every roaring wave.
“I guess.”
And then he told Dean stories.
“It’s not just nu-metal, though,” mumbled Dean. He was leaning on his hand and staring into his water glass, which was half-empty. “All the bands we used to open for? Not just me ‘n Sam, but me and the guys” —Cas assumed he meant The Vampirates— “no one talks about their work much. Not until one of them bites it. Then suddenly it’s open season and it’s Kurt Cobain all over again. I looked up to them, you know? It’s been over twenty years, but shit.” He leaned toward Cas, and poked a finger in his shoulder. “Their music is the stuff that really speaks to me. Today’s stuff is good but it doesn’t hit me here,” he tapped his chest, “or here,” his gut. “They didn’t just teach me how to play, they taught me how to fight. Showed me how to live. That’s why it hurts so fucking bad when they die, and I’m not, I’m not gonna be one of ‘em, okay Cas? Sammy ain’t either. Okay?” Dean poked his shoulder again, harder.
have a—a good morning. Damnit,” he added into his cup, taking a hot, fortifying sip.
“Nothing.” Dean laughed a little. “Nothing at all. He just comes over to the couch and helps me sit up. He’s real gentle about it. Then he sits on the couch himself and he pulls me into his lap. And I can’t remember the last time he did that but I don’t question it. His jacket is unzipped so he tucks it around me, and his arms, too. He smells like…leather and aftershave and a little sweat. But he’s really warm. I stop shivering. He changes the channel and he’s laughing at some morning show and I just feel so…” Dean swallows. “Safe.”
By then Dean had finally reached the beginnings of the path back up the cliff. “Well, nice to meet you, Chuck.”
“Nah, I live nearby.” He scratched his short beard a bit then crossed his arms, hunching in on himself against the wind. “I’m Chuck.”
Cas just smiled wider and turned the ipod around so Dean could see the screen. Taylor Swift was highlighted. “This is what you’re embarrassed by, isn’t it?”
He had the subtlety of an anvil, but the point was made. Dean would have a while to get up his courage. And good weather to drive about an hour out of town.
Dean grinned at him before kneeling to get a closer look at the bike. “Good ground clearance. Two nineteen-inch wheels, steel rims. Stacked exhaust pipes.” They sure as hell didn’t make ‘em like this anymore. He followed the pipes, each curving out from the engine to wrap together down the left side. They had snuffer nuts on the ends, little valves that muffled the sound of the engine. The Cool Rider was some kind of gentleman, seemed like, since the little discs were down to make it quieter. He said nothing, though, when Dean flipped them up for a moment to hear the difference. Like music to his ears, damn. But he flipped them back down, because he could be polite, too. Had to respect another man’s ride. Hopping back to his feet, he circled around to the other side. “She’s a Honda 305 Scrambler, am I right?”
“There is. Though I think it depends on your provider.” The logs now strategically placed on top of the fire, Castiel stood and stared down at Dean. His sweater, maroon this time, hung just past his wrists, brushing the heels of his hands. “As for dinner, I’ll see what I can scrounge up in the pantry. Is that alright?”
“You lookin’ for, uh, all them?” In the third to last lane, slumped in that grouping of chairs, was Andy, a kid around Sam’s age at Hunter. He drove a ridiculous van with a mural on the side and, Dean was sure, was high most of the time. “They ran” —he pointed toward the front entrance— “that way.”
Even before Dean and Sam were all alone in the world, they had other people looking out for them where they could. Maybe Ellen Harvelle gave them larger helpings of fries or wings than was standard when the scrounged change together during half-price appetizer specials, and maybe Sheriff Jody Mills looked the other way once too many times when Dean was caught stealing bread and peanut butter to make sandwiches for himself and Sam. The Singers, of course, had been the first; childless, they were more understanding than most bosses when parents brought their kids with them to work—or, as happened later, simply dropped them off. In this fashion they had created a galaxy around them, like the boys were some great celestial body pulling people into their gravity and whirling around them in chaotic harmony. How were they to know that they’d brought new life to a failing bowling alley when other young folk saw the cool rebel kids make it their hang out, assuring regulars for another generation? How were they to know that they inspired Jody to start fostering troubled teens? How were they to know that they’d brought life to a complicated marriage that was stuck in a doldrums so endless that husband and wife despaired of ever jumpstarting it again, despite their love?
By the time class was over the fog lifted, but had been replaced by a cool wind. Thankfully it was not so biting as when winter was in full swing, but it still carried the tang of cold and promise of a dying fall. Dean was warm enough in his leather jacket, hands tucked safely in his pockets, though he could feel the wind pricking his ears. He tried to enjoy the leisurely walk back across campus to the parking lot where Baby awaited him. He relished in the slop and splash of his boots in the puddles he didn’t try to avoid, the muddy piles of burnt-colored leaves edging the sidewalk, the pale late afternoon sky. He took a deep breath, imagined his lungs as wide and open and deep, and relished the cool air that tumbled inside, filling him to the brim. He didn't know if it was the trees or what, but there was something about the air here that just tasted clean.
Why had he never defended Jack Allen in a way that said his poetry would live on
“And Dean works over at Singer Salvage,” Donna continued. “They partner with the school if I need something for my auto class. Speaking of,” she pointed over her shoulder back into the shop, “I’ll go grab that invoice for ya.” She headed inside.
Sam shook his head. “I didn’t see the point anyway. School was just something I had to get through like every other kid. I just had to hang on long enough to drop out and go with you.”
. He pulled out the chair next to Dean’s, the metal scraping against the cement. Only when he reached for the liquor did Dean look up and realize that Sam had brought his own tumbler along. Eileen must have told him he was drinking.
“Based on your notes you want me to rewrite it anyway.” He clenched his jaw, scowling down at the paper.
“Night,” he croaked, and waited until she was safely inside.
What was the worse that could happen if he went to check? He got wet and had to take a shower in the dark to warm up? Dean decided not to overthink it. Making sure his keys were still in his jeans pockets he then grabbed his jacket and tossed it on. He stepped his bare feet into his boots and tucked the laces in without tying them. Then he popped his collar, hunched his shoulders to protect his neck, and opened the door.
It was fully dark outside, now (thank god he didn’t have to work tonight), but they’d left the light on in the bedroom. It was easy enough to rescue the headphones and his own ipod. Neither of them had locked it, so the screen popped on at his touch. He scrolled a little bit, reading all the artists’ names. A wave of melancholy washed over him at the sight of his parents’ names and he sighed, locking the player and tucking it back in his pocket. He opened the bedside drawer and picked out the largest ipod, a silver one, figuring it would have the most music. Wandering back into the main area of the little house, he stretched out along the length of the couch and started browsing while Cas finished up. He had to admit that Cas’s selection was a lot more eclectic than his own, and not just in genre, but time period and, based on names, country of origin. Dean didn’t even recognize half of what was in there, but what he
“Okay okay, the last time I sang to myself? Was definitely on the way up here, it’s the only way I could keep myself awake, and in front of people? Jesus I don’t know, I mean I know you hear me sing all the time but the last time I purposely sang for someone I think was at that roadhouse bar when I got trashed and sang Good ol’ boys a few months back.” Dean chuckled and grabbed the whisky, deciding it's been far too long since he last had a drink.
“And it has your real name on it?” He sounded genuinely curious, maybe a little bit hopeful, which Dean was eager to hold onto. Cas had his head tilted ever so slightly in question, Dean nodded.
It wasn’t long before he ran into Bobby, as if the older man had been waiting for Dean, ready to offer him a shitty beer that reeked of simpler times. Everything here was so comforting and inviting, and while Dean wanted to be skeptical, he simply couldn’t.
“Cas, Cas can you hear me?” The voice was familiar, and far away. Castiel slowly blinked open his eyes and bright fluorescent lights came flooding in, he immediately shut them again understanding it would take a while to adjust. What really mattered right now was that he could see. He could see and he was surrounded by light, and voices who weren’t hurting him. “Castiel? Are you awake” Cas took a moment to realize he was lying down, surrounded by warm sheets and soft pillows, a sensation he never understood because he never had to sleep. Castiel blinked a few more times forcing himself to look up at the figure standing above him. He smiled as he began to recognize him.
I left you, but you know I had too.” Cas took a breath, and gave Dean a knowing look. “And you can’t pretend you wouldn’t have done the same thing for me.” Dean let out a weak laugh at Cas’s words. He wasn’t exactly wrong.
“Yes we were, we were discussing the possibilities of the deeper meaning behind the song.” Cas pointed out, to which Dean nodded. It wasn’t exactly a lie, but the details of the two outwardly admitting they saw themselves within the song was just purposely left out. Jack didn’t seem to notice the tension between the two, as he actually lit up Cas’s words.
“Uh, Arms Tonite, it’s by Mother Mother, it’s all over the internet.” Jack tilted his head ever so slightly “I can stop if you want, sorry if I bothered you.” Dean shook his head at that.
Jack, who was well aware of the situation, had decided to bid Sam and Eileen goodnight, as he worried his presence would cause more stress as he could provide easy, but not substantial answers.
Why was his head spinning, why did everything feel so fucking heavy. Chuck was dead, Dean had his life back, the brothers are free. Why does it feel like  he lost
The game continues, but it’s not all that easy.
“Shit.”
“We don’t have time. Not now. We only have so many days until Chuck attacks and we- we need to bring humanity back. Then we’ll see about Dean.” Sam wiped at his face, and moved the sheet to cover his brother. “For now we press on. It’s what Dean would want.”
“I should have come back much sooner.” He whispered. Dean looked confused, his anger slowly disappearing when he realized Cas was not going to fight back.
“That’s what you said the first time.” Cas was watching Dean now, as if he was studying him. Dean sighed rubbing his fore finger, and thumb in between his brows.
“Complete honesty.” Cas was hesitant, but nodded at Deans last statement. Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding and held up the paper to read. “You remember how the game works, I’ll ask the odd questions, you ask the even.” Dean took a deep breath. “Okay. Question 1.”
“Dean please.” Castiel took a step forward and held out his arm to put on Dean’s shoulder, but the Winchester quickly recoiled.
“Don’t worry about it, c’mon let’s go for a ride. I wanna catch up.”
“Your duck doesn’t count!” Dean grinned, shaking his head as Cas’s eyes went wide and accusatory.
“I’m gonna go get a drink, you still take whisky?” Dean hummed in assurance to Cas’s question, only to point an accusatory finger a moment later.
Castiel felt the wind get knocked out of him as he stumbled back into the woods. Keeping himself hidden by the brush he watched as the impala sped by him on that old dirt road, god he looked so happy. Castiel fell to his knees, his stoic form gone as he buried his head in his hands letting out deep harsh sobs that wracked through his body, not because he was sad, but because after all this time Dean could rest, and so could he. Castiel let out every emotion that had accumulated over his years of emotional torture, and Jack, Jack had broken his promise and was there to wrap his arms around Cas when he needed it most.
“A man of simple taste doesn’t change much does he.” Dean smiled, it was meant to come off as a joke, but something in his tone read a bit more somber. Cas noticed this too, but he just nodded rather than address it. Time would heal all wounds, at least that what Dean had hoped. The younger man cleared his throat, choosing to continue the game rather than address the unspoken tension. “Question 5 when was the last time you sang, to yourself and to someone else.” Cas actually cracked a smile for this one.
“Castiel, you-“
considered a guy until you sparked that idea, and I’m still struggling with it, right in this very moment.” Dean took another step forward “There's a damn lot I don’t know about, and I can’t promise I’ll be good at it, but I’ve been silent for weeks not because I want to spare your feelings, but because I have been wrestling with mine.”
“I have nothing left, Castiel. My psyche is shot to shit. I completed my life long goals and I still feel like garbage, Sam is taken care of, and free will or not I have never felt more alone.” Dean didn’t realize his fragile state would lead to the break in the floodgates of built up emotion he had been repressing for far too long. “It doesn’t matter anyway, I don’t know why I’m telling you, I’m sure you’re just another fucked up thing my head created to try and help out.” He mumbled that last part, almost embarrassed of expressing himself.
at Dean. “Not for nothing Cas, but the last time you looked at me like that? Well let’s just say I had a hard time walking the next day.” Cas looked up, eyes wide, as if he was a kid who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
Thank you so much for all your support! I really love all the comments and I can’t wait for you guys to keep reading.
“Oh how could I forget, I think I still have that on video somewhere.” Cas hummed, he looked over at Dean and took the bottle from his hands, then proceeded to almost drop it as another crash from a fallen tree echoed through the old cabin. Luckily he kept his grip, but the flickering lights that was followers by complete darkness couldnt exactly have been avoided.
“Well I just walked in here, I knocked. I thought you had heard me, I apologize.” Cas spoke in his usual cadence. Dean just shook his head and looked back at his laptop that was still open to the song lyrics, which now felt incredibly stupid to have even looked into in the first place.
“Every day I wonder how different things would’ve been if my true vessel had been a woman. Did you know that Dean? I’m sure you’ve thought about it too, because I pulled you from hell, I was your savior, but I look like a middle aged dad instead of a model, and I know I would not be having this conversation if that were the case.” The words that spewed out of Cas’s mouth sounded nothing like him. The anger and emotion was underlying in every word he spoke, and while he was not shouting, it was as if he pierced Dean with each syllable.
“What are you saying?” The question should’ve been simple.
You changed me, Dean.
“Because it is.” The emotions were overbearing, Cas has never allowed himself to feel at such an extent. Falling in love with the older Winchester was unplanned for, and never something he really thought to expand upon. Now he was pouring his heart out, standing open and vulnerable understanding the risk it would take. He should’ve been scared but he wasn’t. Nothing has ever felt more right in this moment then using his words, a deal he used to save Jack, to now save Dean. If he understood the undertones of poems, he might even say it was poetic.
“Uh yeah, yeah it’s got my real name.” Dean led Cas to the old Impala and unlocked the passenger door. He reached into the glove box and pulled out a little dark blue booklet. He handed it off to Cas with a small smile and let take it. He watched, maybe a bit too eagerly, as Cas flipped it open. There he was, Dean Winchester, Born on January 24th, 1979 in Lawrence, Kansas. Cas’s brows furrowed as he traced his fingers over the lettering.
“I was afraid I would make it worse. You-you might not have wanted me, not after that night. And I didn’t think I would have to face you again.” The angel sounded small, yet he held Dean's glance.
“Hold on I didn’t get to answer.” Cas looked up for a brief moment, Dean was staring at him with a childish expression. “I bet you could guess who I would pick?”
“I know you feel like everything I told you was a lie, but you know more shit about me than anyone else I know.” Dean paused for a second,  pursing his lips. “Alright uh, me and Michael? We both have the same taste in music? Led Zepplin all the fucking way” Cas almost smiled at that, Dean took it as an invitation to keep going. “Me and Michael both love the shit out of a good Apple pie, we both have the same amount of love for the old car parked out front.” He paused “same taste in guys that’s for damn sure” Cas rolled his eyes, but now he was looking at Dean. “I want you to know everything, not because it’s fun for me, actually if I had the choice I’d rather stick a knife in my eye, but I want to do this for you.” Dean didn’t like how raw he sounded, he hated that this whole exercise was based around his vulnerability. “But uh, I gotta work up to that, so at this point let’s just get to question 4.” Cas was always an amazing listener, every time you spoke to him you just knew he’d take in every word. Dean admired how easy Cas could drink it all in, and the patience he could have in any given moment, especially in times where Dean felt a bit more sporadic. That quality would especially come in handy in a  super common situation like this.
“You’re not hung up on just the name are you? Because come on! Even if I’m not Michael I’m still me! There’s not much of a difference, you know the kind of person I am, you know what I like! You know what I hate, my favorite flavor of pie-“
“Well I don’t really sing, but the last time I sang to myself was when I was stress fixing the bathroom sink this morning, and the last time I sang for someone was when I wanted Crowley to eat his cut up strawberries.” Dean laughed, like really laughed, probably a bit louder then he should’ve, but what can he say? He wasn’t expecting that at all.
. No. No, I was just lost in thought.” Cas looked away, his face was flushed and it took a lot of Dean not to comment just how cute he was being. Man was a fucking beast in the sheets, but the sheepiest nerd in the world any other time of day. “Let’s uh, let’s just get this over with. You were about to ask the first question?” Dean nodded, and pulled the now slightly damp papers out of his jacket and read off the first line.
But one day, one moment in the empty, felt different. Cas could not see, he could barely feel, but what he could feel was light. A presence was here, and was coming towards the angel. The empty didn’t feel as empty anymore, and suddenly a hand was touching his. Before Castiel could really understand what was happening he felt a sharp pull, then everything went completely numb.
“I- yes I am real.” Cas looked down at himself and back at Dean “I suppose I owe you an explanation, but- but we can’t just avoid what you’re doing, what you wanted to do.” Castiel looked scared, anger and emotion welled behind his words, but his eyes were wide and desperate.
“So Jack did all this huh.”
“Well it is strange.” Cas muttered, moving forward, his shoulder pressing hard against Deans as he used the mouse to scroll down. “I suppose it’s a reference towards death, clearly as it’s in every other phrase. However, what I still do not comprehend, is why they would call it “nice.” “ As the angel spoke, Dean was just nodding along, shrugging off his words as if he weren’t just trying to figure that out himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
“If I could have dinner with anyone in the world, dead or alive it would be Dean.” His voice was gruff as he continued to speak. “I could have dinner with Gandhi, or Da Vinci, or Oprah, but if I had to choose, I would throw it all away to have dinner with Dean. Dean who I had never met, or thought I knew, just Dean Winchester. I would have dinner with you.” Dean couldn’t help but smile at that, how could he not? Cas wanted to have dinner with him! Okay maybe under different circumstances but hey he’d take it. “There, okay I answered the question, let's move on to the next one.” Cas was avoiding his glance again, almost embarrassed by his honesty. Dean shook his head.
“Dean- I”
“Sam will be okay. They will both be okay. Soon Dean will be here, he will be with Mary and John, he will be with you.” Cas supposed his words were meant to reassure him, but some nagging voice in the back of his mind reminded him that the possibility that Dean would not want to be anywhere near him was very real, and that was terrifying.
“You don’t know how happy I am to see you here.” Jack managed with a choked up smile. Castiel was out of the empty, Jack had saved him, but he was in no shape to begin to ask questions or even attempt to get out of bed if he wished to have a decent recovery. So Castiel recovered, months went on and on rebuilding his form as the empty was not so easily healed. Jack would visit, telling him about his recreation of heaven, and all the plans he had to make it as fit for humanity as possible. As Castiel listened he took in everything his son, his now God, was saying and he couldn’t help but feel an overwhelming sense of pride.
“That’s the one.” Dean added with a smirk. “I think we should play. Right here right now.” Cas shook his head as if he had already made up his mind. “No seriously, we can play and I will answer with complete honesty. I owe you that much.” Dean could tell Cas was breaking, his eyes kept catching Dean’s. He was intrigued.
“Why?” Cas prodded, probably a bit more accusatory then he meant it to be.
“So we're gonna go in or are you gonna stand in the rain forever?” Dean yelled over the wind and rain, to which Cas just shook his head. He didn’t say much else, but rather motioned Dean to follow as he ran towards the front door. 2 minutes later and the boys were inside, completely drenched, and out of breath. For a second Dean could swear Cas was not just looking at Dean, but
“You didn’t answer the question.” Cas glanced down, a small smile crept onto his face. He looked back up to meet Dean’s eyes and passed him the papers.
“Stop it, Billy please let me heal him please.” His face was still coated in his tears, but instead of content reassurance, it was panic and fear. He was supposed to save Dean, save the world, Cas- Cas wasn't fit for this, he couldn’t do it not without him.
Castiel watched as Dean tried to process his words. He looked so confused, so scared. Cas wished he could reassure him, but he knew he couldn’t keep rambling on. The feeling that engulfed his stomach and body was so freeing, it was though he had allowed for the weight of the world to be lifted off his shoulders. Cas would be whisked off to the empty and that was okay.
The days, and weeks which had followed Cas’s death were hard. While pouring all energy into Chuck’s demise was a reliable distraction, once that was over and done- well.
“Oh my god you drove all the way out here so we could play 36 questions.” To say Cas looked annoyed would be a bit of an understatement. Honestly Dean should be used to it by now, but he knows his husband, and he knew if Cas really wanted him gone he wouldn’t still be here entertaining this charade, and that was pretty promising on its own.
“Can we bring him back? We’ve brought people back before, we’ve all been brought back before?” Jack’s voice had hope. It hurt Castiel how much this kid believed.
“I’m not offended!” Sam’s words must have struck a nerve because now his voice was raised. Dean took a quick breath and glanced around to make sure no one had heard, and had come to check on them. The kid was visiting today, and Cas always seemed to be lingering. “I mean— yes, okay sure I was pissed he did that. I didn’t ask him to save me, and I hated having to live through that, but that’s not why things are tense” The way Dean had hesitated before saying the word tense made Sam’s brows furrow.
“Is that a duck?” Cas is a bit put off by the question but nods
It wasn’t Dean’s, or Sam’s, it was Jacks. Long guttural screams, screams every parent would never imagine but the sound was enough to raise a deep and dark panic Castiel had almost forgotten he had. His yells, and cries tore through the angel, enough to make Cas thrash as if he were trying to run towards the sound. The pain seemed to grow more intense every time he moved, every flinch every wince only added to eternal hell he would have to live through. Cas didn’t care.
As the phone continued to ring, Cas let out deep heavy sobs that he could no longer suppress. A feeling that he had kept down for so long was no longer worth hiding in, there was no one to pretend for. Sam and Jack were living in ignorance, Dean was dead. And Cas, well he’s alone. Guttural noises tore through the angel, the stillness gone as he cried into the others shoulder, holding his body closer as if he would hold him back.
Cas. Cas was here, Cas was here in heaven. Cas was here in heaven and was no longer trapped in the pit of hell that was nothing. Cas was safe and okay, thank god- well thanks to Jack, literally. Dean’s mind should’ve kept racing, but something about this place brought an overwhelming sense of calm. There was no need to worry, it would all end up just how it was meant too.
“Morning, gentlemen. How can I help you?”
Destiel canon, because what
Sam and Garth, Meg and Benny sitting around together in a therapy circle, talking, sharing. Ben helping a family put a ghost gently to rest. Meg hunting demons, trapping the demon in a dark, abandoned barn. Working an exorcism, helping the person up afterwards, letting them lean on her as they stumble out into the daylight together. Sam and Rowena working a spell, Sam reading off the incantation and Rowena offering advice, as braided wisps of flame rise up from their conjuring bowl.
Amara and Chuck. The British Men of Letters. Mary’s resurrection. The Wayward Sisters. Eileen. Lucifer’s spawn. The rift. Crowley’s sacrifice. The apocalypse world. Jack, growing up as a Winchester. Michael possessing Dean. Billie. The reunion of the Winchester family. Mary’s death at Jack’s hands.
Sam and Dean Winchester drive off together into the night, down that open road, the music swallowing the roar of the engine, until the taillights of the Impala disappear into the dark. The night becomes the final black, and Supernatural comes to an end.
“Well, come on then, little brother!”
“I, uh – ” Sam looks around the cabin, abashed. “I lost my shoe,” he finishes rather lamely.
meaningful, and
“Thanks. Oh, hey wait!” Elliot pulls the neck of his shirt to the side, revealing a fresh anti-possession tattoo, the skin around it still a little pink and healing. “I finally was able to get it!”
“So, not you then,” Dean surmises.
“He proposed – and we agreed – that while the souls in Hell were to become energy, those already perverted into demons were to be offered a choice. They were, after all, a part of Chuck’s whole mess up with Amara and Lucifer and all the rest of it. Like angels, demons are no longer needed, and – ” Cas quirks an eyebrow “ – even less wanted. So they were allowed to choose to either end and become energy to be used in the world, or continue to exist as dark spirits, tormenters of humankind, birthed from humanity’s own innate evil. Things to be hunted, as well as learned from. With, of course, a few exceptions. Crowley, regrettably,” Cas shakes his head again, looking utterly exasperated, “among them.”
“Becky,” Sam says, leaning forward, “All of this, everything that you’re working on, that you’re helping to build. You know it’s going to change things, right? And not just for us, or for you or the people who’re directly involved with the supernatural. For everyone. Humans, monsters. All of us.”
want you to stay, okay?”
“Get off him! Leave him alone! He’s my friend! Sam, Dean,
“Sammy, meet your new best friend.”
“So,” Sam prompts, “You said your name is Dave?”
“And the problem went away,” Cherng sighs, weary.
The he nods, and backs away.
In Dean’s face is every possible human emotion. He’s angry and he’s exuberant. He is relieved and hurt and desperate. Cas sees the war of emotions on Dean’s face. There is such softness and reminiscence in his own expression.
While Sam huffs and smiles, Dean looks he doesn’t know what to do with himself. He puts his hands on his hips, opens his mouth. Closes it again. Half raises his arms in a shrug, before letting them drop to his sides.
Sam prompts Dean with the minimal amount of teasing. “You mean that job application you’ve been riding around with folded up in your back pocket?” Dean doesn’t quite know what to say, so Sam continues, “Dean. This is a
The Winchester brothers and Castiel are standing in the living room of Bobby Singer’s house. Bobby’s house, with its red and gold patterned wall paper, the shabby couch, the box television set. The shelves and desk and almost every conceivable surface covered in books or printed articles.
In the parking lot of Edlund’s Eats, Sam and Dean stare at the angel that has just appeared with the flap of his trench coat. Castiel, fully restored, smiling softly at his two friends.
They let the quiet of night and the roar of the road fill the car for a moment, the atmosphere humming with their good humor and the weightlessness of their new-found freedom. In a more somber tone, Sam says, “You know, I’m
just because they didn’t look like me. You wanna explain what sort of sense that makes? Or people turned into monsters. People made into vampires, into werewolves, even rugarus, and still trying to live good lives. At what point,” he asks the Winchesters, “do we decide who deserves to be killed and who deserves to be saved? At what point is someone so far gone into that dark place, that they’re not worth the effort it would take to make them people again? I don’t have an answer. But I do know this: we can’t just define humanity by someone being human.”
be addressed in the series finale to properly bring spn to a close.
how you defeated Chuck? God? That’s how the story ends?”
“Not a library, Dean. A database. An accessible collection of lore and cases and creatures and magic and-and all of it.”
!” Becky shouts, sounding surprisingly firm. “All three of you! Sam – ” she looks to her one-time knight-in-plaited-flannel, who still has his weapon trained on the other man. She takes a deep breath and lets it out in utter frustration. “
in the text? That’s why I felt it necessary to not only write Becky (still emotional, because that's who she is as a person, thank you), but also the Supernatural fandom into this fix-it finale.
missed you.” Dean puts stress on the last bit like he desperately needs Cas to understand whatever it is he’s not saying. Whatever it is Dean’s not entirely certain he’s ready to say.
(or boys, or adult men and women, or non-binary, or whatever the fuck we are, because we’re – again –
“We were – I thought – ” Sam fumbles. Both boys are completely unsure of the situation now.
I’ve been reading a lot of fanfiction and seen a lot of fanart with fix-it narratives that involved Dean rescuing Cas from the Empty. And I love the symmetry of this. I love the idea of Dean saving Cas from the Empty just as Cas saved Dean from Hell all those years ago. And it fulfills one of my requirements for Cas in the finale – he is told, in no uncertain terms, that he is wanted and belongs. Even more so in the fics and fanart where Dean removes Cas’ grace, so the Emtpy cannot hold claim over him – Cas being wanted regardless of his powers. And it was incredibly strange that Dean in canon made absolutely no effort to attempt to rescue Cas.
In a very human gesture, Cas licks his lips and tries to hold back a smile. “I asked myself, who knows best when it comes to getting a bunch of stubborn jackasses who don’t know any better to grow up and work together?” He points past the Winchesters. Sam and Dean follow his gaze, and see the scuffed-up old hat resting on top of the desk.
“Your pal here,” Dean attempts to catch his breath, gesturing from Becky to their supposed quarry. “He’s not a wendigo?”
The large man across from them has resolved into an individual, a person. A hulking bear of a man, in the latter of his middle years, with East Asian features under a full beard, short dark hair sticking out of a woolen cap, worn jeans, and his own unbuttoned, rumpled plaid shirt. He does not appear to like the look of either Sam or Dean, but then, they did just burst uninvited into his cabin and give him a few knocks around the head.
“Rowena can’t be too happy about that.” Dean doesn’t look like he’s too upset by the idea.
to Destiel becoming canon, not actually
Dean leverages himself up off the desk, moves back into the inner circle of the room. Sam joins him. Team Free Will, reunited.
“Powers?” Dean shakes his head, vehemently. He looks downright furious. Or maybe exhausted. Or maybe both – because this is just ridiculous. “Cas, let me be really clear about this, okay? Because I think you need to hear it and, who knows, maybe I need to say it.” Dean holds up a hand between him and the angel, like a knife he’s cutting through whatever seems to be keeping them apart. “We don’t give a
Cas looks around the room, with an expression of acute nostalgia. There are the books on lore along the shelves, the half-empty bottles of booze scattered around. Tucked away on a back shelf, the Supernatural books crowd together. There is a photo of Rufus and Bobby out in the junkyard, a photo of Karen Singer, of the Winchesters as actual boys. Bobby’s hat rests on the desk, like he’s just stepped out, and will be back any moment.
“What are you two even doing here?” She asks again of Sam and Dean. “You know, other than embarrassing yourselves.
Like many fans, I assumed from Bobby’s experience in Heaven and Ruby’s comments around The Empty that Season 15 would end with a complete overhaul of the afterlife. That this only applied to Heaven – and even then, a very suburban, hyper-individualized conception – was disappointing, partially because it kept with the modern, Western conception of a personalized paradise and thus not much of a deviation from the original concept. The suggested storylines provided by Bobby and Ruby felt misleading in comparison. As if there was more plot than available airtime. A conclusion to the series needed to include the restoration of the other realities, a redesigning of the afterlife, and a direct address to the matter of what happens to angels, demons, and non-humans when they die.
“And, uh, what is it you’ve chosen to do?” Sam asks her.
“What was she looking for?” Sam asks.
“Sorting through some stuff from the store room,” Sam says. “There’s so much here that we’ve never properly looked through, figured out what it is or what it’s for. Books, artifacts, spells. Stuff that might be really helpful.” He shows his brother something out of one of the boxes. “And not just for us. For other hunters out there. You know, real Men of Letters stuff.”
Sam laughs, and the two hunters open their car doors.
believed, if not the entirety of the fandom – that the series finale would end…differently. If not an entirely happy ending, then at least an open road. We thought that the world of spn would be left open to us, with room to explore what happened to the characters we loved after the final credits.
made Dean whole, by revealing to Dean the elder Winchester’s own truth: Dean’s choices and actions as the embodiment of love. In 15x18, Cas insists to Dean that the hunter is not, at his core, a blunt instrument of death, a bringer of destructing and suffering for those he loves and himself. Rather, he is the embodiment of all that is good, however broken, in the world. Dean himself claims this truth when he tells Chuck in 15x19 that he’s not the killer the author has always attempt to write him as.
to become monsters.”
.” He reminds her, leaning forward on his elbows and smiling that self-assured, bite-me Dean Winchester smile.
Dean clears his throat, nods, feeling surprisingly at peace with himself. Slaps his hands together. “Right. Come on, we’re gonna be late.” He turns and walks down the steps and towards the corridor leading back to their rooms. “Let’s go get us some pie!”
“Yeah.” The love and pride in Dean’s eyes is unmistakable. “I know you can.”
The room isn’t entirely the same as Bobby’s, but it’s very close. A fond memory, carefully constructed.
In season 11, Cas seemed rather lost, binge watching tv and just waiting for the world to happen to him. Then Jack came along, and provided Cas, who as an angel was created to serve and needs something to dedicate himself to, another grand purpose. Cas’ devotion to Jack always felt to me a little like Cas had temporarily replaced his devotion and duty to Heaven with Dean Winchester – and then, as that relationship went through rough patch after rough patch, redirected his devotion to Jack. It’s written as the devotion of a father to a son, but Cas’ belief in Jack – and ultimately, his decision to stay in Heaven in the canon – never sat right with me. His canonical ending felt, much like Dean’s, that Cas was just back to where he started at his introduction in season 4: a dutiful servant and guardian of a greater power that he blindly follows to the detriment of himself.
“What is it?” Dean asks, slamming shut the trunk.
doing it of your own free will.”
“What the Hell?” Dean manages, looking around them. He checks himself. He’s here. Sam’s here. Castiel, still two feet away. “Where the Hell are we? Is this…?”
“Great!” Dean claps Sam on the shoulder, and bounds back out of the library, down the steps and disappears down a corridor.
At the new computer banks, Kevin is digitalizing their resources, creating a database. Book after book is registered as scanned and available for viewing. Charlie at a newly installed console, hacking into police and government files, setting news alerts, writing encryption and code. Eileen chatting on forums, connecting with other hunters, directing people in need of assistance or resources, listening to all the people calling out to each other through the dark. Standing around the new conference table together, Dean, Charlie, and Crowley in more casual clothes point out and discuss options for designing their network, providing access to their resources, assigning cases and tracking contacts, maintaining open case files. Digital blue lines stretch out from Kansas, making contact with points all over the country and beyond its borders, a community coming to life.
“Hey, um, look,” Dean says, looking around at everything going on in the bunker, “I know you’re super busy here, getting all this up and running. But maybe you could spare a few minutes? We could go for a drive, just you and me? Like old times?”
The dark figure rushes up the stairs onto the porch, and resolves into a large, burly man as he passes through the doorway. He looks human enough, but Sam raises his firearm, ready.
Becky on her laptop, set up at the old switchboard, showing Sam the network she’s created, explaining what has been designed so far and how it all works.
The waitress returns a smile that conveys her expertise in customer service, then looks to Claire. The two make eye contact. Josie nods and smiles knowingly at Claire. “Just let me know when you’re all ready to order.” And sashays away.
“This life. Saving people, hunting things,” Cas says, looking like he knows something he’s not telling. “If you choose this life now, you
Dean swallows hard. Nods. “Okay. Good.” He clears his throat, takes a half step away. The intensity of the moment eases. Cas shuffles slightly, embarrassed and happy and unsure exactly what to do with himself now. He casts a glance from under his brows at Dean, then raises his head and nods at Sam.
“Good to hear it.”
“I’ve heard of you two,” Dave continues, catching and holding Sam and then Dean’s gaze in turn. “The Winchester brothers. Even out here, I’ve heard the stories.” He waves a finger between them. “There’s been enough times one or both of you haven’t been human. And yet, here you both are. Still standing. Why is that, do you think?” To this question, Cherng clearly does have an answer. “Because someone cared enough about you to save you, rather than stick you with a knife, or lob off your head, or leave you to drown in your own damnation. Not everyone’s got what you’ve got. You want the advice of someone who’s lived this life and made it out alive? It might be time to redefine what it means to hunt things and save people.”
To Sam’s surprise, the older man smiles. And then reaches out a hand for Sam’s, sharing a firm shake.
Jody looks supremely proud of her adopted daughter. She gives her another little nudge with her shoulder. Claire flushes, pleased Jody approves of her, and flips her hair back in that classic way of hers.
“It could have ended worse,” Sam admits. And then, softer. “It could have ended much worse.”
more than Dad ever did.”
This includes the unanswered question of what happened to Eileen, Donna, Becky, and all the other people Chuck made disappear that the Winchesters knew personally; angels and demons stewing in endless regret in the Empty for all time; Heaven and Hell being constructs born of Chuck’s family squabble with Lucifer; why Castiel never returned to the Winchesters after being released from the Empty; and, you know, that whole pesky part about everyone now having free will, and yet still living out Chuck’s ending.
Sam nods, smiles a little. Doesn’t sound like too bad of an idea.
Sam has come a long way from the kid that ran off to college to get out of the family business. He came to a place first where he accepted this was his life, and then to wanting to be there not just for his brother or destiny, but because it mattered and made a difference. And in the later seasons, Sam begins to unintentionally take on the role of a leader, first with hunters in season 12 and then with the apocalypse reality refugees in season 14. Sam had a lot of potential by the end to be a good leader – his experiences alone provided him with strength of character, bravery, understanding of the cost of his and other’s actions, a strong urge to avoid collateral damage (read: other people), knowledge, and from all of that combined, wisdom. He had been chosen as Lucifer’s vessel to help destroy the world, and he took those damaged pieces of himself and used that to make himself stronger, for the sake of others. I cannot believe he wouldn’t continue in that role as a natural leader, and as someone others respected and looked up to, in the years ahead.
“Honestly?” Claire says, “The last few months? It’s been great. I’ve been working cases alongside Jody, and Donna, and occasionally some other hunters. And it’s been good. But,” she shrugs a little, not liking to admit to weakness. “I wouldn’t mind sleeping in my own bed for a few nights, you know?”
He turns back around to face Dean.
Dean gently closes the journal.
Unable to defend himself against the accuracy of that statement, Dean snags his bag and heads up the stairs.
“Right,” Dean hitches the rug sack up on his shoulder and starts hiking. “We don’t have time to call it in, even if it does belong to one of the people gone missing. We just gotta hope we’re not too late.”
Sam chuckles, pats him on the shoulder. “That’s good, Elliot. Good job,” and sends him off. When he turns back to the stairs, Dean raises a brow in concerned inquiry. Sam waves it away. “No, don’t worry. He’s gonna be working on lore for quite a while. Maybe set him up with Crowley in the demonology department.” Dean nods in relief, and heads up the stairs, with Sam on his heels.
“I had my doubts at first,” Cas admits begrudgingly, “but we needed someone with his cunning and foresight, especially where it concerned what to do with all the souls in Hell. Which, eventually resolved into what to do with the souls in Heaven as well. And Purgatory.” Cas looks like he’s torn between annoyance and a grudging respect. This time, the eye roll is a definite. “When I mentioned things were stable enough I could finally come back here, to see you, he told me to say – ” The angel looks exceptionally uncomfortable at serving as courier for a demon, but is diligent in his duties. In a voice slightly gruffer than his own, he says “ ‘Hello, boys.’ ”
“Crowley told me to tell you, Sam,” Cas starts, uncertain. “That he – ” The angel tilts his head to one side, squints. “ – that he finally know where to start looking?”
to help. And we needed another person in a ‘managerial’ role. Crowley
“Hey.” Dean looks around at the organized mess. “Whatcha working on?”
Dean grins, shakes his head at himself. “Ah, lemme see, what else? I mean, not that much is different, you know? Jack running things. Haven’t heard from him.” Dean’s smile dips a little. “Guess we probably shouldn’t expect to. It’s, uh, it’s a little quiet around here these days. Just me and Sam. Feels good, I’ll admit, just working cases. Nothing hanging over our heads. Can’t remember when the last time that was.”
happen.
“Whatever it is,” the older man says, standing strong and firm and a little proud of this new breed of hunter, “just make sure it’s something that doesn’t define itself as ‘good’ simply by labeling something else as ‘bad’.”
Dean and Sam and Eileen and Cas in the kitchen. Cooking together, preparing a meal, laughing. Sam dabs butter on the end of Eileen’s nose. Dean in an apron, lifts a heavily laden plate high as Cas ducks underneath to pass by him and grab something. The four of them sitting down to eat, clinking their glasses together.
Sam can’t deny him. “Alright, okay.”
“Uh, we defeated
The boys playing a few rounds of pool in a local bar, having the time of their life together. Sam coming back to the car after picking up supplies, to see Dean rocking out behind the wheel to something on the radio. Dean driving late into the night, glancing over to see Sam fast asleep, forehead resting against the window. Dean smiles, and drives on. And the Impala herself. The gleam of her sides, the cut of her grill, the glimpse of her boys seen from the back seat. The little army man stuck in the ash tray, the lego rattling around inside the air conditioner. The initials carved into the rear dash, SW and DW, still there after all these years. The bunker may be a safe haven, but the Impala is home.
“Yeah, man,” Dean swallows, says sincerely. “We’ve missed you.
Castiel in what will clearly be his room in the bunker from now on. The photo of the Winchesters and himself, Bobby and the Harvelles on the eve of the Apocalypse. The mixed tape from Dean. A small book of poetry, with a note taped to the cover that reads “For Clarence.” His room, his place in the world.
“Yeah,” Dean says, starting to smile. “I got that part.”
Dean huffs in annoyance, and tosses his bag onto the nearest bed. Sam sets his stuff down near the door, and starts setting up his laptop and books on the table in the lounge. Already he’s clearly moved into research mode.
Something tingles at the back of Dean’s neck, like they’re being watched. He glances behind them.
The Impala pulls into the parking lot of a three-story, log cabin-style motel with a sign for the Kerouac Restaurant and Lodge. “Canada,” Dean says, climbing out of the car and taking a look around. “Still as green and as mapley as I remember it.”
“Dude, what.” Dean states emphatically. “It’s
The angel looks around the hunter, and nods in commiseration. “Sam.”
“Actually…” Cas hesitates. He shuffles a bit, looks down at his feet, swallows. “For now, I need to stay close to Heaven, until everything is settled. Everything is…resolved. And then?” He looks uncertain. It takes him a try or two to find the right words. Even then, he shrugs and shuffles about as he says, “I thought perhaps, after some time, I might rejoin you. In the bunker, or on a hunt. If – ” Cas glances from Dean to Sam and back twice more, fumbles, “ – if I’m welcome, that is.
Dean working at the mechanic shop in Lebanon. Making friends with his coworkers, working on cars, chatting with customers. Sitting down to lunch at a park bench and eating a sandwich out of his Scooby Doo lunchbox. Donna, Charlie and Rowena having a girl’s night, drinking wine, chatting and eating deliciously decorated cupcakes.
, but to quote Sam Winchester:
There is the flutter of angel wings –
for each other, to fight for what’s good about humanity.”
Sam eyes his brother, not without sympathy. This road has been too long and too hard, and some things are better set aside, even if they can’t be forgiven.
Claire returns, unaware of the looks the boys are tossing each other, and plops down next to Jody. “That was Ben. He thinks he might have heard of a case.”
Claire looks up at Dean, basking in the warmth of his approval, and maybe, even a little, in his protectiveness. Dean looks down at her with all the love of a man who’s seeing his girl all grown up, and more than capable of taking on the world on her own. Thankfully, neither of them have to take the world on, on their own, any longer.
Sam chuckles. “Okay, yeah. But – ” He shakes his head, and adds only half-jokingly. “Becky, what are
“The demons were a more difficult matter,” Cas admits, “but Crowley was fairly insistent on the best course of – ”
“That’s where I’ve been,” he clarifies, “Helping him change things. It’s been only a few months for you, but it’s been…” He smiles apologetically, “some time for me. There’s been a lot to do. I would have answered you if I could have, Dean. But remaking reality. It takes a lot of focus, a great deal of intention.”
He takes a breath, closes his eyes. Opens them. Turns around.
As fans and as creators, we all have different perspectives, different opinions. This was just my version of the ending. And I sincerely look forward to reading other’s versions in the future.
“Good or bad, people need to be able to share their experiences with others. They need to feel like they’re not alone. And that’s just
was wrong.” Cas admits, easily. “Jack didn’t make the world a paradise. It’s not perfect,” he stresses. "There’s still pain and suffering, and the need to strive to make it better. Because that’s what makes this world and humanity and
“Thanks,” Dean gets a look at the girl’s nametag, “Josie.” He flashes her a flirty smile.
Jody clearly senses their mixed emotions on the matter. “Kaia’s doing well, going to classes, seeing a counselor.”
“You’re here about those that have gone missing.” The ranger surmises, picking up the sudden slack in conversation.
There is the pounding of their feet and the rush of breath. The world is a blur around them. The dark figure is gaining on them. The closer the cabin, the closer their pursuer. They bound up the stairs, and as one, use their shoulders as battering rams to knock down the door and go barreling into the cabin.
Because Becky’s original incarnation was as the silly, overly emotion, obsessed fangirl. Not even fan – fan
He pauses, considering. Says softly to himself. “If this is life now?”
Sam breaks into a teary smile. “Bobby.”
Dean’s crossroads deal and going to Hell. Lilith. Ruby, the demon knife. Hellhounds. Dean’s resurrection. Castiel’s dramatic entrance in that barn, all those years ago. Sam’s demon blood addiction. Lucifer’s rising. Ellen and Jo. Becky. Bobby. Swan Song. Hunting alphas alongside Samuel Campbell. Soulless Sam. Lisa and Ben. Castiel and Crowley searching for Purgatory. The Leviathans. Charlie. Kevin. The Tablets, the trials, the angels falling. The cure and its lingering effect on Crowley. Abaddon, Gadreel, Metatron, Naomi. Cain. The Mark. Demon Dean. Rowena. The Darkness.
In a board room with a city skyline visible through the floor-to-ceiling windows, Crowley slides a dossier of paperwork to a number of suited gentlemen and women. One is a contract, to sell the moon for a fairly large sum. Deals are made, hands shaken. The financial stability of their little organization is secured.
!” Dean takes the rod, runs his hands down its length, admiring the craftsmanship. This isn’t just some superstore purchase. This is quality outdoorsman equipment.
“So,” Becky says, attempting to set aside the intensity of her declaration, “I started doing a little organizing in the fandom, and reaching out to people I thought were either effected by or aware of the supernatural, or might be able to help. A few online therapy groups, for people who’ve survived attacks by monsters or had ghosts in their homes, that sort of thing. Or thought that something runs in their family. Set up some support groups and online forums for vampires trying to navigate a ‘vegetarian’ diet. There’s a hunter-turned-dentist up in Wisconsin who specializes in werewolf dentistry, and is interesting in helping other cryptids get access to health care.” She’s ticking off her fingers now. “I’ve made a few connections within some police task forces to create a database for missing persons, people who were possessed by demons and their bodies abandoned halfway across the country. With social workers pioneering a way to match kids orphaned by the supernatural with families who know about the supernatural and can take the kids in. I’m working with some retired EMTS and white witches to put together prevention kits that families can request, free of charge, which required finding donors. People to teach self-defense classes against monsters, magic, demons, that sort of thing.”
“That’s – ” Becky bites her bottom lip, eyes wide in Beckyish delight. “ – kinda the point.”
“Thank you,” Cas says softly. He’s clearly deeply touched.
Then she bites her bottom lip, and looks around. Claire looks up at Dean from under her lashes. He looks at her expectantly.
“Yeah, alright.” Sam snags his phone and heads towards the door to the room. “I’m going to call and check in on Eileen, maybe a few others. Let Jody know we made it and are on the case.”
“I ended up there as well, a pawn that had forgotten its place, a puppet without strings. But after what Jack had unleashed, all that power, nothing in there was asleep any longer. All of us, shouting. Calling to each other through the darkness. Reaching out. Making connections. Finding each other. I found angels I knew, some who were soldiers in my legion, some I knew as friends. Some – ” Cas looks momentarily ashamed “ – I had slain. Gabriel. Balthazar. Anna. And demons, too.”
Softly, from off to the side, Sam adds, “You’re family, Cas.”
It’s obvious from the expressions on both Sam’s and Dean’s faces that they both know exactly who Jody is talking about, though she doesn’t. “That so?” Dean asks. “He, uh, he any good?”
Look, I know there are very few narratives out there – whatever medium – that manage to fill in all their plot holes before the end of the narrative. But in spn, there were some gapping ones. Not plot holes in which someone might accidently twist their ankle. Plot holes that could swallow a school bus. Plot holes into which you could shovel all the meta narratives and references and guest stars and a weird final scene of the entire cast and crew waving at the camera, and all the audience would be left with is wondering why you even bothered to attempt to shovel in anything, it didn’t do a damn bit of good.
Cas looks a little cheeky. “Ah, yes and no,” he replies.
Dean and Sam both produce their FBI badges.
Dean and Sam in the Impala, the road racing ahead of them. Dean driving and Sam hard at work in the passenger’s seat.
“I found Becky here on the web,” Cherng adds. “Her and her little group. It felt good, knowing I wasn’t alone. That there are others who see things – the supernatural – the way I do. Gave me hope that maybe not
“I can’t take all the credit.” Cas is serious now, forces Dean to meet his gaze. “Dean, Jack wasn’t good because he was born that way, because of who his mother was, or because I believed in him. Jack became a good person because he had people who
. Classic cars, mostly. And on the side, maybe keep stuff running for hunters and folks here and there. Keep my own hours, a ‘gone fishing’ sign in the window. Just, you know, a little something for when it comes time to retire from the life.”
Federal Bureau of Investigation, you mean?”
Eileen and Sam in the map room, holding each other’s hands. Eileen reaches up, runs a hand over Sam’s cheek. He closes his eyes, breathes her in. She raises her hand, signs “I love you.” Sam half laughs, half chokes up. Nods. Signs it back. Eileen presses her lips into a smile, laughs herself, half crying. Sam pulls her close, and never lets go.
As the final chords of “Suit and Jacket” reach a crescendo, Sam and Dean attach a gleaming plaque to the outside of the bunker, next to the entrance. It is inscribed with the name of this thing the Winchesters and their family have all made together. Something greater than the Men of Letters, more than a hunters’ guild, something dedicated to all of them and the future they intend to build together.  It reads Mother Mary’s Home For Wayward Sons and Daughters.
in Canada, after all.”
“Hey,” Sam counters gently, “we all have our own ways of helping.” Claire squeezes out a smile of acknowledgement. Pacifism in any form just isn’t her thing.
Sam and Eileen moving into an apartment together. Dean and Claire rocking out in the Impala. Crowley and Rowena sharing a pot of tea. Meg and Sam sparring in the renovated training room in the bunker. Crowley, Benny and Dean playing pool. Sam and Eileen out for a run. Dean and Charlie playing video games, Dean shouting and waving his arms in victory as Charlie wails in defeat, throwing popcorn at him.
Rowena climbs up the short steps into the library, looking resplendent in royal purples and golds, grinning slyly. She winks at Sam, is greeted with a nod and half-smile from Dean.
. Until they’re our boys now. Older, wiser. Bruised and battered, but still themselves. Still brothers.
Dean nods to himself, then looks to Cas. “So, ah, you’re saying the world still needs hunters, then.”
. You’ve chosen us – I can’t count how many times. If you need to hear me says it, I’ll say it.” Dean licks his lips, steps forward, resolute. “We want you to stay, Cas.
A massive blueprint is unrolled on the table in the map room, showing schematics and electronic wiring and building infrastructure of the bunker. Charlie and Cas and Sam stand round, discussing and gesturing and planning how to expand, what to improve. The schematic changes, new lines drawn, new rooms added, warding scribbled in the margins.
Dean grabs his brother by the shoulder and shoves him forward. “Go, run! Make for the cabin!”
Sam and Dean nod. They
“Yeah, we do.” Dean nods. “And so do you.”
The interior is decorated in green and brown plaid. The wallpaper is plaid, the comforters on the beds are plaid, even the room dividers between the lounge and the beds alternate in brown and green squares. And running throughout, in various incarnations, are moose and squirrels. The curtains are patterned with squirrel silhouettes. The lamps have mouse antlers hanging below the lamp shades, from which the lamp cord dangle. The mugs sitting next to the coffee pot present squirrel tails as handles. The headboards proudly boast mouse antlers. The motel phone is a massive acorn. There are mouse tracks imprinted in the shag carpet. It is a plaid moose and squirrel motel room to the fullest extent of the imagination.
“So get this,” Sam says at last, glancing at his brother over the top of the laptop. “From the local police reports, it looks like there’s been a handful of people in the area who have gone missing in the last few months. Mostly women from the Tsilhqotʼin First Nation, I think. And then folks from town.”
“Yeah, I, uh – ” Sam looks down, amused and embarrassed. “You know, when we started out, all of those years ago.” He scrunches his brow, thinking back on it. “Looking for Dad. I thought I’d put all of this behind me. But somewhere along the way, I didn’t just keep going, keep hunting, because everything kept happening to us. Or because we’re legacies, or because it was the right thing to do.” Sam thinks about it for a moment, nods, looks to his brother. “It was because I could see that there was a way to do this that was different. Better. Our way, rather than – rather than the old way. That’s worth fighting for. And, we’re not alone. We’re not
“So, ah – “ He sniffs, lets the emotion in the car settle. “You’re not worried about us, you know, living separate lives?”
“Guess I can’t be too mad about that,” Dean admits. There is a smile at the corner of his lips, threatening to expand.
“No,” Dean replies, confident, at peace. “No, I’m not. And you know why?” Glances over at his brother. “Because we will always be there for each other. I will always have your back. And I know you’ll have mine. We saved
“It’s one of our own. Man who should’ve known better. Used to be a hunter, as I understand it.”
So while Dean in my fic clearly grieves Cas’ loss, he is not lost in that grief, or lost because of it. Cas has once again saved Dean Winchester, this time from his own internalized hell. What’s more, because of this, Dean is willing to have, perhaps for the first time, faith. Faith, he tells Sam, that Cas might return, or they can find a way to save him. Faith, as Cas asserted the first time they met, that good things
Sam glances down at the family heirloom and back up at his brother. “You brought Dad’s journal?”
Dean waves a warning finger at his brother. “Hey, don’t yuck my yum. You don’t hear me saying anything derogatory about your vanilla-flavored fetishes.” Sam opens his mouth, searches for words. Closes it again. Blinks hard. He’s not used to his brother being so brutally honest about his kinks or preferences or whatever it is they’re suddenly discussing. Sam decides its best to let the matter rest entirely without comment.
It’s Becky, shouting at the Winchesters to stop.
Sam lowers the gun.
Sam takes the steps down two at a time, and jogs a little to catch up with his brother and Becky. They make their way down the road that isn’t a road any longer, a path they blaze together through the new undergrowth, the big figure on the porch and the cabin receding into the forest the farther the three walk.
And yes, to some extend the representation of the fan
need in regards to Destiel, I am sure there are plenty of other fics out there that will provide that closure. And I hope you find it, as I found mine.
“How did you get out?” Sam asks, somewhat calmer than his brother. “We’ve been looking, and I haven’t been able to find anything. Did Jack bust you?”
“Nothing yet,” Sam says, apologetic. Dean nods, like he wasn’t expecting anything more than that.
Sam and Dean alone together in the Fortress of Deanitude, fighting over the remote control. Dean and Cas going for a drive. The three of them – Dean and Sam and Cas – out for a night together, sitting at a bar, sharing stories, laughing.
“We are some place – ” Cas tilts his head from one side to the other, looking for the best way to explain, “ – Heaven adjacent. Somewhere we can talk. And I thought you’d feel more comfortable in a familiar setting.”
“We’re good. We text and skype a lot. She stops by every couple of weeks. We’re making it work. She’s an amazing hunter. Good with lore, too. It’s, uh, it’s good.” Sam clearly is torn between wanting to brag about Eileen’s qualities and feeling uncomfortable about discussing his love life. “How are the girls?”
spn?)
“Guess we’re walking from here,” Dean says, and heads to the trunk to grab their gear.
Both Winchesters take a moment to process this. Sam takes a deep breath, lets his shoulders fall. Dean wipes his hand over his face again, eyes the floor. Then, with a sort of settling, they are at peace.
– I don’t regret writing this version of the culmination of Cas’ character arc. Because he essentially leads a rebellion, this time intentionally, with all the angels and demons. He’s claiming his free will, he’s embracing what is supposedly a flaw – that crack in his chassis – that makes him capable of bettering himself and the world, and he
And Dean smiles at his brother, his mouth absolutely bursting with pie.
“Other than this bundle of trouble?” Jody playfully elbows Claire in the booth, who just rolls her eyes in response. “They’re all doing well. Patience graduated back in May. We’re still trying to find someone who can help train her to use or at least better control her visions. Alex is putting in a lot of hours at the hospital. I, uh,” Jody looks between the Winchesters. “I found her looking through some of the lore I had on hand the other day.”
The Impala rumbles up to the house in Conway Springs, Kansas. Dean gets out, leans back against the car. Young hunters Krissy, Aiden and Josephine, looking all grown up, come down the porch stairs to see the older hunter parked outside their home. Dean smiles, waves. A new generation, coming of age in a world with a brighter future. Sam fast asleep with his head on a pile of lore books at the library table. Eileen comes around and softly brushes her hand along his arm, leaves a cup of coffee on the table in front of him. Claire introducing Dean to an all-grown-up Ben Braedon. There is pride in Dean’s eyes, and hesitation. Ben looks at the man in front of him, and slowly, recognition dawns. He smiles in surprise, and Dean, relieved, smiles back. Cas in the back of the library, looking through the bunker telescope, seeing all the universes restored. A grin cracks across his face.
Becky continues to stand, arms crossed but no longer looking quite so upset, and their host comes to stand behind and lean on the other couch, calmed and willing to talk with his unexpected guests.
“Well, then. If that’s your decision – “ Cas’ grin is tinged with sly amusement. He tips his head in a conspiratorial manner. “ – there are some people who would like to help.”
Sam huffs. “Jerk.”
, psychologist Justine Mastin in her essay “Going through Hell: How Torture Affects the Tormentor and the Tormented”, and Doctor Stephan Schaffrath in his essay “Crossroads and a River of Crap: How Killing Affects Those Who Kill,” discuss the dehumanizing effects of violence on those both subjected to it and – like hunters – those who inflict it on others. One of the aspects of desensitizing and conditioning that occurs is the inability to conceive of alternatives to violence, better known as the phrase “when all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.” (And yes, there is a lot that can be said here about Dean’s death via rusty nail in the canon finale. Daddy’s blunt instrument, etc etc.) Having been conditioned to consider violence the first and foremost response to any situation, individuals exposed to long-term and intense violence as perpetrators of that violence are often incapable of conceiving of or enacting non-violent solutions to problems. (And
There is someone in the cabin, who gasps and shouts at the sudden commotion. Sam is the first to scramble up to his feet, Dean not far behind and already halfway back to the door to face whatever comes through it. Sam sweeps the room and finds – “Becky?!”
“So,” Sam asks after a moment, easier, “What about Hell, then? Those souls, those trapped there, they were mostly used up to remake the way the world works?”
Dean looks to be exceptionally grateful that that is the moment Josie returns with his order of pie.
And while we can be obsessive (this author’s note is currently 6K words long), and we can be emotional (we’re human, fuck you), and we can be immature (see the ‘fuck you’ in the proceeding parentheses) and we can even be
“That’s weird. Why would a wendigo have a fire going?”
“For now, the angels are helping with Jack’s plans. Well – ” This time, Cas does roll his eyes. “ – except Gabriel, of course. He’s off in Boca Raton.” Cas shakes off his exasperation at his older, wayward brother. “But there were those that are happy to have a purpose again. And there were those that chose to end. When all of this is over, the work complete?” Cas raising his trench coated arms again in a slight shrug. “Then we will all be free to do as we choose. To stay and care for the remaining souls until they too fade into the ether. Or to explore and enjoy and live in the world we helped to create. It is our choice.”
The old man hmms again, not entirely convinced but not seeing much harm in giving the Winchesters aid.
The Impala rumbles off a paved, two-lane road onto a wide, dirt road that fades into the tree line on either side. The car slowly rolls along, disappearing into the woods.
Finally, he manages to say “I - I thought Crowley didn’t want anything more to do with Hell.”
Sam and Eileen snuggled up together on the couch. Dean sitting out on a dock by a lake. Cas comes to join him, the two sitting side by side, shoulder to shoulder. Dean reaches over, and takes Cas’ hand.
, I have faith that he didn’t just leave Cas in that hellhole. That he yanked him out, fixed it, whatever. And who knows, however Jack’s remaking the world, maybe Cas can’t flutter his feathered ass down here just yet. Or maybe – I don’t know – at all.” He shakes his head, hurting but also managing. “I don’t know. I don’t know, Sammy. Maybe that really was goodbye.” He taps on the table, looks around. “I hope to hell it wasn’t.”
“What?” Dean demands, already prepared for Sam-the-killjoy. “Fire kills wendigos, man! I’ve been dying to use this thing!”
“Dean,” Cas says his name softly, cautiously. He searches for the right words, and finds only his own insufficient ones. “About – about what I said. Before the Empty took me – ”
to do anything about it.”
Sam is a little tear-eyed at the reunion. “Hey, Cas.”
“It is good to be back,” Cas says. He turns, glancing into the kitchen, smiling. “These were simpler times. Though it didn’t seem like it then. Here, in this house,” he tells them, “was where I learned humanity, with all its virtues and faults, was something worth fighting for. You taught me that.”
at it. You love cars. Look at the way you’ve put the Impala back together – how many times now?”
Sam motions for the dog – and Dean – to stay, and backs out of the library. While he’s gone, Dean bends down, and makes his own offering of pets. “You know, you’re gonna love it here,” he promises the dog. “Plenty of car rides. Plenty of people to love on you and take you on walks. But I do gotta warn you – ” he adds, “Don’t bother trying to get any bacon outta Sam. My brother can out puppy dog eyes even something as cute as you. But don’t worry, I’ll hook you up.” The dog gives Dean a few tongue licks on the nose, which Dean does his best not to look too disgusted by. “Yeah, yeah, you’re welcome.”
“Yeah,” Sam half-laughs, astounded at the thought. And relieved. Relieved that that’s all behind them. “Yeah, we did, didn’t we?”
want to perceive
There are tears in Sam’s eyes too. He nods, takes a deep breath. Dean’s eyes go back to the road, his jaw clenching and unclenching. Sam wipes away his own tears, clears his throat.
“Actually,” Cas draws out, “Rowena was offered her mortality back. She’s chosen to return, as though she never sacrificed herself to send all those souls back to Hell. Making another go of it, as she put it. Already the demons were threatening to rise up against her. And – ” He adds, not without sympathy, “ – she says ruling Hell was – quote –“ Cas makes little quotation marks with his fingers “ – ‘not as grand’ as she’d expected it would be. That she was bored with absolute power. Between you and me? I think becoming Queen of Hell, Rowena was just making the best of a bad situation. It wasn’t what she really wanted, deep down.”
“Hey, what’s up?”
Dean taps the steering wheel, grinning. Looks to his brother. “It’s anything but. I don’t know about you, Sammy. But I’m ready to see what’s waiting for us, down this road.”
Dean’s mouth falls open. He looks from Claire to the Impala, waiting patiently in the parking lot. Then back at Claire.
Interestingly enough, wendigo lore outside of the text – in the real world – explores this in more complex ways. The wendigo syndrome or psychosis is believed to be a form of cultural-bound mental illness (cultural-bound means it only affects certain cultures or societies, and not others). And it is the fear by a person that their hunger or violence urges are transforming them into an actual monster. Desperation results in internalized dehumanization. Wendigos are often those who separate themselves from their communities (or as spn puts it, “cursed to wander the land”), and that estrangement allows them (within the psychosis they are experiencing) to dehumanize and attack others. The cure for someone who believes themselves to be a wendigo? Reintegration into the community. A strengthening of community bonds. Community and connection – not violence. Not punishment or imprisonment or death. The end of violence is a call for healing, not more destruction.
at all. They’re a natural part of the world. Ghosts and vampires and wendigos. Not everything in the world can get along.”
victims. And that lack of alternatives spawns from a general ignorance about the existence of the supernatural.
Cas clenches and unclenches his fists, shuffles slightly, looks around. He waits for Dean to raise his head and look at him.
He’s only gone a few minutes. But Dean is already fast asleep when Sam returns, on top of the plaid covers, still fully dressed and with his boots on. Sam laughs quietly to himself. He sits across from his brother on the other bed, watches him sleep for a moment. Then quietly pulls off his own boots, one by one, and lays down. Just before he turns out the light, Sam looks again at his brother, and smiles.
“Yeah, well.” Dean smiles. “I owe him a drink.”
And when Dean glances into the rearview mirror, he sees two boys in the back. Ten year old Dean and his little brother, Sammy. They grow up in that back seat, one glimpse of childhood after another. Until they’re sitting in the front, younger, fresh-faced and eager. Sam’s hair is shorter, his hope brighter. Dean, trying to play it tough, like he doesn’t have a care in the world. And they age, across the years, across the seasons. But always together. And always happy, laughing, jabbing each other awake, singing along to some song, researching, talking, living and bright and
“So, this isn’t the end of the road?”
“She doesn’t have them anymore.” Claire says, smiling softly, and doesn’t elaborate.
Dean is in his room in the bunker, talking to someone. Except, there is no one else in the room. Dean sits on the side of his bed talking to himself. Praying to Castiel.
“This is the way up to his cabin,” he highlights a thin trail leading off a major road up into a densely wooded area. “Not far outside of Butte, just off one of the main roads into town. Can’t give you much more than that.”
Cas smiles. “Yes. Yes, we do.”
“Becky, he’d been controlling our whole lives. Everything that has ever happened to us. I mean,” Sam laughs, primarily as a means of keeping it together. “When you think about it, it’s kinda hard to know if anything we did was real. Or mattered. Or, if we ever had anything like free will. Now – now we do.”
Cas nods, slowly. He knows what this means for the boys. It is peace. But it is also loss.
Dean looks over at Sam, grins to himself. Reaches up to adjust the rearview mirror. His hand lingers on the object hanging from it, the necklace Sam gave him when they were kids. Attention draw, Sam looks up, sees the amulet. He looks over at his brother, and the two share a look, a smile.
An unremarkable diner somewhere, Crowley at a table in dark, casual clothes, sitting with a shifting array of characters. Hunters, cryptids, monsters that can pass as human. All of them, listening as he explains this new way of the world, this new hunter’s guild with all it has to offer, open to them, here to help rather than harm. Kevin in the control room, bringing up cases on the flat screens and going over the details with a small group of hunters, all of them nodding along. Sam, gathered with hunters in their homes, in diners, in parking lots. Listening to them, to their stories, their experiences, their fears and their needs. Nodding along, making notes, shaking hands.
“But you could.”
“There’s a whole kit,” Sam says, “a box and tackle, flies and stuff. Would have made a better present if I’d thought to stock the cooler with beer first.”
Sam and Dean laugh – Sam an actual laugh, not his usual soft huff, and Dean a bark that jumps right out of him. The two brothers laugh, wipe away tears. It obviously feels good, a release. A moment of clarity and assurance. Everything is okay. Everything is going to be okay.
It is a good moment between them. This is a chance to breathe.
“New generation, same problems.” Cherng replies. “Folks didn’t deal with it, not back then, and not now. Dealing with it means facing up to something being broken at its core. And something being broken needs to be reckoned with, the hard work of healing done, or admit that there’s nothing left worth saving. Instead, they’d rather leave it in those dark corners. Some people here are more than happy to blame all of this on local legends, on monsters and wendigos. But this isn’t something supernatural. This is something worse. It’s people.”
“So,” he says, allowing the moment and the emotions to balance themselves out. “That’s really it, then. No more – no more divine destinies. No more predetermined fate. No Heaven or Hell. Everything is just – whatever we make it?” When Cas nods, Dean shakes his head, looking intensely pleased. “Hell yeah,” he says. “If that isn’t free will – for us, for everybody – I don’t know what is.”
“You’ll be great at it.” When Dean doesn’t say anything, just stares ahead, Sam insists. “Dean, you’ll be
-The Demonologist In Denim
“We’ve spoken a time or two on the phone,” Jody adds, that subtle parental statement that says she’s checked out the situation and everything is above board. Then she smiles that sly Jody smile. “Nice boy. Kinda reminds me of you, Dean.”
Dean nods, and continues on to the car.
more than qualified and it’s understood to only be a temporary arrangement, not unlike my own.”
Dean and the Impala, parked outside the bunker. He is finishing giving her a rub-down, making those sleek lines gleam. Dean pats the roof of the car, lowers himself down inside. Runs his hands over the leather of her seats, the familiarity of the steering wheel. Reaches into a pocket inside his jacket and pulls out a photo. It’s the one of him and Sam, and Mary and John, taken that night they were reunited. Dean smiles, thinking of blood family and found family. And slips the photo into the visor above the driver’s seat, where it will always be with him.
to do it alone. I’m doing okay. I’m good.”
“We should talk,” she says, lamely.
It’s so obvious how happy this idea makes Dean. He’s nearly bouncing on his toes. His grin is infectious, and Sam is smiling right along with him.
Cherng raises from the couch, walks over to the little kitchen. “I don’t go into town much, or talk with anyone.” He pours some coffee into two mugs, brings them back over. Hands one to each of the Winchesters, who take it as the olive branch it’s meant to be. “That’s why I started after you – thought you were some of the white guys from town, come to cause trouble.” He lowers himself back down across from them.
He doesn’t need to worry. Understanding dawns on Sam’s face. He half raises a hand in acknowledgement, lets it fall. Steps away, giving the hunter and the angel some space.
Sam shuts his laptop, follows his brother to his feet. “Yeah, sounds good. In the meantime, wanna go grab a beer? Or a-a Molsen, or whatever?”
Looks back to his brother with tears in his eyes. “Nah, Sammy. It was you, keeping me alive this whole time.” A single tear slips down his cheek, and Dean doesn’t bother to brush it away. “You gave me a reason to keep fighting.”
are responsible for your own lives, as scary as that can be,
Down the stairs comes Kevin, hair ruffled but beard well-trimmed, bag over his shoulder. Looking happy and enthusiastic. Sam pulls him into a hug, Dean slaps him on the back.
The interior is busy, with the clatter of plates and a line of locals down the counter and calls of “one order of the lunch special.” Local fliers, artwork of the area and wildlife, and posters advertising menu items crowd the walls. Near the booth where the Winchesters and Becky sit is a sign cheerfully advertising a “Pig N’ A Poke” on the menu, though neither of the boys notice it. The diner is clearly a favorite place to eat in the area.
“Hey,” Dean interjects, with a single shake of his head. It’s not harsh. But it is firm. “You
the Supernatural fandom actually look like, and how could we
“Yeah, man. The two of you. You’re good for each other. And,” Dean pats his brother on the shoulder. “I want you to be happy, Sam. You’ve earned that.”
Because Supernatural the tv show is over. And the text belongs to the fandom now.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I get it.” He nods, looks to Sam. “I get it. But you know what?” He looks back to Cas, and smiles a poignant, accepting smile. “That’s okay.”
In the cabin, Sam and Dean are helping put the room back in order, as best as they can. Sam leans the door up against the wall next to the now-open entranceway. Their quarry-turned-host flips the toppled breakfast table back over. Dean rights a side table and places a – busted – lamp on top. Seeing it’s not working, he fiddles with it for a moment. Becky watches over the proceedings, arms crossed, lips pulsed in disapproval. Dean screws the bulb back in and – voila – the lamp lights up. Dean laughs at his small success, hands held up in accomplishment. He looks up, smiling, at Becky for her approval. “Heh? Right? All fixed. Everybody happy now?”
“More to help. Because that’s what it’s all about, right? Saving people and hunting things? At the end of the day, it’s about helping people. And that’s what my writing – lots of people’s writing – does. It helps people. Fanfiction helps Supernatural fans not only create and imagine and participate in something they love. It also helps us process our own lives, the world we live in. And so I got to thinking. There’s all these people in the Supernatural fandom who want to create and share a better world. For you, but also for others around them. And that we could, as individuals and as a fandom, be doing
Dean jerks up, eyes wide. “Wait, hold on.
And she smiles, a bright tenderness that sees the Winchesters – virtues and faults both – and loves them. Becky reaches across again, and rests her hand on Sam’s. “How about you let the people you saved, save you now.”
it, man. And this is how I want to celebrate.” He’s got that look like he’s about to cause trouble, and is exceptionally pleased about doing so.
– to fill the final episode with references and callbacks and remind us of all the things we fell in love with about these boys and their extended family and this show.
“Not just me, Sam. That’s the point.
When the moment eases, they slap each other on the back, pull apart.
“Dude!” Sam’s face clearly says ‘why would you even
Dean looks over and smiles at Sam, who smiles back. And they roar across that final stretch of road, past a sign stating Welcome to Vancouver, as “Running Out of Gas” fades away.
Sam steps back into their little circle, which widens to include him. Clears his throat in that typical Sam way.
“I don’t know,” Dean says. “I don’t know about you, but I could use a vacation.” His gaze traces something along the floorboard, then drifts up, guarded, to Castiel. “Whatdaya say, Cas? All that world building? You wanna take a couple days, join me and Sammy on a beach somewhere, or on the lake? Go fishing, just the three of us?”
“Wendigo,” Claire says around a mouthful of sweet potato pie. “At least that’s what Ben thinks it could be, from what he’s come across. He’s texting me the info and links to all the articles. Some place near Vancouver, called Lone Butte.”
One of the aspects it was particularly important to me to work into the boy’s final chapter is the how the Winchester’s understanding of monsters and morality changed over the series. In
“Wait, so – ”Becky isn’t particularly impressed. “
. But, on the up side?” She adds in a cheerier voice, and reaches across the short distance to pat Sam’s arm in a friendly, reassuring way. “It means that you
“Yeah, of course,” Sam replies, then shakes his head. “Dean, all of this? It’s important. It’s going to change things, change everything. Save lives. But you’re my brother. You
“That – that sounds really nice,” Sam says, and means it.
I mean, who knows? If the story isn’t all about us anymore? Maybe it’s time everyone else had a say.”
Other fans have made reference to or suggested spn might have been better off borrowing from the concept of the afterlife explored at the end of the television show The Good Place. Unfortunately, in my opinion that structure doesn’t fit the aesthetic or philosophical framework of spn. But something did need to be done about all of that – otherwise, seriously, what was Jack doing other than carrying on where Chuck had left off? (There are some really interesting fan ideas out there about Chuck actually possessing Jack at the end of 15x19, unknown to everyone else, and that’s why a lot of stuff stays the way it is in the afterlife and the boys continue on living – and dying – the way Chuck wanted. A terrifying thought.)
“Wait, wait, so Jack – he remade those worlds?!” Sam asks. “
Dean wrenches back from the fray. With one last mighty shove, Sam pushes the man off him, grabs his gun. The two stagger to their feet, and back away from each other, gasping and ready should the other try to make a move.
Obviously, that is not what happened.
many people who started reaching out. Sharing their stories, looking for help. Looking
Becky gives a “meh” pout face and shrugs. “Still a sucky ending.”
, for ourselves and for others.”
“By the way, aren’t you getting a little old to eat like that?”
The boy’s mouths are hanging open. They step carefully into the room. Dean takes one long look around, and erupts.
here?”
“Think I’m just gonna grab some grub, watch a cheesy horror flick, and get some shut-eye.” Dean flops down onto the bed, and spreads out in a posture of repose.
The lights in the bunker turn on in the library, the corridors, the map room. Dean is in the library, standing at one of the tables, running his hands over the initials carved into the wood. Sam is at the top of the stairs, at the bunker’s entrance. The glimpse from the other side of the door as Sam opens it. Dean looks up, sees who it is. Smiles.
“Yeah,” Sam agrees, sadly. “Well, maybe now, for others. It can be.”
But – that’s not the Supernatural fandom in real life. (Well, it may be for some, but my point is that this is a very narrow interpretation.) Which means Becky does not ultimately represent us. Rather, she represents how
“No bodies or parts of bodies ever recovered. No sightings, like the thing killing people is an expert hunter.”
Probably not, but that’s because it’s not about “making a living” in the typical American sense. It’s about doing something he enjoys with the time he has, feeling like he’s a part of your community in some small way, and giving Dean something beyond hunting, teaching other hunters, and spending time with family. Something that is solely his. (When it is open, though, everyone in Lebanon knows it, because of the sound of Metallica blaring down the street.)
Sam huffs good-naturedly, ducks his head at the brotherly teasing. “She’s, uh, she’s good. We’re good. We’re making plans to see each other again this weekend. Maybe, I don’t know…” He pauses, looks at Dean with a little apprehension. “I thought, maybe, if you were okay with it. She and I could work a case or two together.”
Dean looks confused by the item Sam has handed him, examines it, puts it back in the box. “Putting all of this in some kinda order, put warning labels on things. You’re talking about starting a library from scratch.”
“Yeah, like that time with the grenade launcher? Or the ninja stars?” Sam reminds him. He motions towards the length of road they still have to walk. “You gonna carry it the rest of the way?”
“Okay, floor 3. Room number…” He and Sam walk up to the third floor and then all the way down the exposed hallway to the last door at the end. “Room number 27. And here we are.”
have all my powers back now. Jack restored what Chuck had been forcing to fade.”
down.”
Dean bites his lower lip before huffing out a slight laugh, looks down, nods. He’s clearly taken by emotion again, and this time trying to hide it.
“Hello, Dean.”
Sam blinks, hard. He looks around them for a moment, concerned, while Dean gives Becky a look that holds a lot more respect than it did a few minutes before.
Sam, always the one to offer comfort, taps on the map on the counter. “If he is what we think he is, we can stop him.”
Sam is a little more touched by this than he expected to be, and glances down and away, half smiling, half working through his emotions. Dean also appears to be processing. Some of what Becky said is reassuring. Some, less so.
The Impala pulls out of the parking lot of Carver’s Pies, and heads off down the road.
Dean tucks his tongue into his cheek, grins, abashed at how pleased he is with Sam’s support. “It’s wouldn’t be much, a couple of hours on the weekends. Just to get a sense of the business, maybe-maybe make a few connections. Then, who knows, after a year of two, maybe open my own mom-and-pop shop. Something small.” Dean tries to suppress how pleased he is with the idea, but the smile slips through. He draws out the next word, like he’s painting it on a sign to hang over his mechanic shop. “
Dean looks back to the road. Tightens and releases his grip on the steering wheel. Swallows hard.
“There was suspicion, about twenty years ago,” the ranger continued, “about people going missing. There were some that figured him for it. Accusations were made. Nothing came of it. People stopped disappearing, for the most part. Haven’t heard much from or about him since. Now, the disappearances have started again.”
And as many secondary and minor character cameos and references as I could reasonably squeeze in: Eileen, Jody and Claire, Alex, Kaia, Patience, Ben Braedon, Becky, Garth, Bobby, Rufus, Karen Singer, Jo and Ellen, Gabriel, Balthazar, Anna, Chuck, Jack, Rowena, Crowley, Amara, Lucifer, Mary, John, Charlie, Kevin, Meg, the kids from 8x18 Freaks and Geeks, Benny, Linda Tran, Cole, Marie from 10x05 Fan Fiction, the Ghostfacers Harry Spangler and Ed Zeddmore (reunited), Elliot of were-pire-shifter fame.
“Sometimes, wanting to help? Meaning well?” Dean says, and shakes his head. “It’s just not enough.”
And there’s little things that I loved working in: Dean’s photo of Mary and her little boys, Cas’ love of PB&J sandwiches, the application seen on Dean’s desk in the canonical finale. The demon blade. Gas N’ Sips, Metallica, Eye of the Tiger. Room #327 – for the final episode, and because the show often used numbers as reference. Moose and Squirrel – because how could I not? Dean’s love of porn, of horror movies, of hentai. John Winchester’s journal. Dean wanting to bring the flamethrower. Sam’s shoe. You have no idea how hard I worked to get Sam’s shoe in there. Sam freakin’ Winchester. Dean and his relationship with lamps. Pig N’ Poke.
I chose the “Monster of the Week” for the finale to be a wendigo for this very reason. Wendigos, according to spn lore, are humans who have killed and consumed other humans out of perceived desperation. They have enacted violence, and in doing so, reduced their own humanity. They dehumanize themselves through the act of violence to such an extent that eventually they are no longer themselves physically human. And it felt right to have the supposed wendigo of this fic be a former hunter like the Winchesters not only because hunters enact violence, but also because wendigos are described as being “the perfect hunter” according to Winchester lore. And in much the same way that a hunter would see potential supernatural threats everywhere, those conditioned by violence see violent responses as the only viable option on all occasions. Hammer – nail.
Teasingly, Sam says, “So, are we sure there isn’t some next big apocalypse just waiting around the corner?”
For a moment longer, Dean and Cas continue to stare at one another. There is some sort of recognition or acknowledgement that passes between them, some relenting on Castiel’s part. His expression shifts, he nods. Dean clenches and unclenches his jaw.
“So the Empty’s just – gone?” Sam asks.
actually happen. Around unshed tears, Dean Winchester takes a breath, and smiles.
The next morning, the boys make their way to the local ranger station, dressed in their suits. The inside of the station looks about what is to be expected: maps pinned up on the log walls, plaques proudly discussing local history and geological facts, some basic outdoor gear available for purchase, the occasional taxidermied critter, bird of prey or fox. There’s an odd trophy on one wall, of an oversized lemming with a buck’s antlers mounted on it. The boys give it a wide berth. At the sight of the two suits, a sinewy, grizzled old ranger comes out from behind the counter.
“Dude.” Sam looks thoroughly disgusted.
After a moment, he adds, “You might want to think about your own future, before you end up the same.”
His brother looks over at him, both questions and understanding in his eyes.
“We would not have managed it if Chuck had still had his power, however.” Cas continues. “But you made sure that he didn’t.” He looks first at Sam, fondly, and then at Dean with something more, something profound.
“You’re the one with the power now,” Dean tells her.
Dean nods. “Sounds like a wendigo to me, especially up in these parts.” He reaches into the rug sack at his feet and pulls out John Winchester’s journal. Lays it gently on the table and flips through the pages until he comes to the by-now-familiar sketch of a wendigo.
Dean isn’t having any of it. The anger is melting into hurt and confusion, but there’s relief there, too. It’s just painful, in this moment. “Damn it, Cas,” Dean breaths. He’s two steps from the angel now. The two stand in the parking lot, facing one another. The battered hunter in his jeans and flannel, the fallen angel in his rumpled trench coat. Older and wiser and more vulnerable than they’ve ever been before. “I prayed to you, man!” Dean’s voice catches. “And you couldn’t answer me? Not once?!”
But I do agree that Wayward Sisters felt culturally relevant, then and now. It is a part of the cultural debate over feminism and women’s rights. And it is absolutely worth asking: why is it that a show about two brothers and their father hunting monsters can take off, but a show about sisters and their pseudo-moms also hunting monsters cannot? Personally, I would argue that the future isn’t “feminine” – the phrase proudly displayed on protest signs and banners from 2016 onwards during Women’s marches around the world – but rather, non-gendered or gender neutral, and thus far more inclusive.
Dean looks touched, surprisingly so. Pats his brother on the shoulder, ducks his head. Laughs at himself.
“Dude! Yeees!” Dean’s good humor is now fully recovered. “At that new pie place in town, right? I’m gonna grab my coat.”
While some fans may argue that for Dean to be whole, he needed to be reunited with Cas, I wanted to take a different approach, arguing that Cas had
“Dave Cherng,” the older man nods.
Sam laughs a real, hearty laugh. He’s rubbing his hands through the dog’s fur, smiling. And the two of them look up at Dean. “I think I can handle it.”
, the philosopher Nathan Stout makes the argument that some monsters belong to what philosophers call the moral community. That is, they share the same understanding of morality as humans (including the ability to empathize with others), and therefore should only be killed when they act in a way that is collectively understood to be morally reprehensible (like killing humans). If these “monsters” aren’t killing anyone, if they’re just living out their lives, their biology shouldn’t mark them for death at the hands of a hunter. Or, as Dean puts it to Sam, “It’s not what you are that matters – it’s what you do.” A monster isn’t a monster just by virtue of the fact they’re not human.
“So what if there is?” Dean asked after a moment. “It’s not like we couldn’t handle it. Nah, Sammy. With Chuck gone, us in control of our own story? Pretty sure that this is the end of all that.”
“Well, you know, it’s been a few months now since you started this whole thing. And I figured, since there doesn’t seem to be any potentially world ending scenario – ”
That being said, Wayward deserved their moment. The potential spin-off, the characters, and the young women who see themselves in Claire and Kaia and Alex and Patience, and women who see themselves in Jody and Donna, deserve to be represented, in spn and everywhere else. They deserve to hold their share of power. Is the representation of that in this fic perfect? No. But to be completely fair, this is the best I could model out of what the text had left us with.
Sam stands slack-jawed, the surprise melting into relief and delight.
“Thank you,” Sam says, taking the map and tucking it into his jacket pocket.
When Sam raises an eyebrow, suggesting he continue, Dean thinks it over, trying to find the right words. He keeps his eyes on the road as he says, “I’ve been thinking. About Claire. And Ben, and some of the others. They’re growing up fast, you know? Not as fast as you and I had to, but still. A whole new generation of hunters and supernatural scholars and whatever, all of them coming into their own. And even with Hell closed and how we handle monsters changing, they’re still going to have a lot to face. I figured – ” he shrugs, sounding a touch paternal, “they could use a hand. Someone who knows, who’s
“Wendigos.” Cherng shakes his head, at a loss. “People who turn on their own. What’s the difference, other than what they look like? Hell, one of the reasons I got out of hunting was I’d met too many people that weren’t human, people who I was supposed to
, my commentary here can also be read as a statement on police brutality in America.)
“As in,” the old man retorts, letting the words hang between the three of them. “You gonna say it, or am I?”
, we did.” Dean declares, with a devil-may-care grin and a shake of his head.
Sam huffs, looks to Dean and back at the angel. “Uh, sure. Who?”
Sam and Kevin are reviewing something on a tablet when Dean wanders up, looking like he doesn’t want to interrupt, but also in need of a moment of his brother’s time. Sam sees him, nods, passes the tablet back to Kevin and lets Dean pull him away.
Standing alone in the middle of the room, Cas spreads his hands in a shrug, begins his tale. “Jack’s explosion in the Empty. It woke up all the beings trapped there. Chuck must have designed it so that even in death, angels and demons were never entirely gone, just – just toys trapped in their boxes, just waiting for him to pull them back out to continue playing with.”
Castiel is waiting there for him, a short distance away. Dressed in his familiar trench coat, smiling that soft, slightly crooked grin of his.
“Nah, man. This is – this is awesome.” And then with a catch in his voice, “Thanks, Sammy.”
Considering every member of the Winchester extended family – including Sam and Dean – had at one time or another themselves been a “monster” or been affected by evil or something simply supernatural (read: non-human), I cannot imagine the boys would continue to operate on the bigoted premises of the past. Or that the Winchester family business would continue to consider all monsters as “things to be hunted” rather than recognizing some non-humans as people. The Winchester’s perception of their moral community – what could be hunted and who needed to be saved, or at least given the consideration due to any member of their moral community – had grown well beyond the limits of the early seasons. And I wanted to show that in the finale “family” montage: the Winchesters and what they are building to replace the Men of Letters as something that first takes into consideration “what you do” (or what has been done to you) before passing judgement based on “what you are.”
Mother Mary’s Home For Wayward Sons & Daughters was the name I came up with for the organization Crowley would eventually establish in One of the Boys. I have been holding onto this for years. I am mad in love with it. And I release it now into the fandom. I sincerely hope to see it used elsewhere, because it is, to my mind, just too perfect.
“Plenty of people out in the world have experienced the supernatural – the
“Yes. And put back the people and animals and everything in them that Chuck destroyed. Including the Bobby and Charlie and others from that apocalypse world. Which, obviously, Jack cleaned up a little.” And Cas attempts and fails not to smile with his whole being. There is pride there. And love. “He’s really doing a great job. You’d be proud of him.”
“Of course it’s not,” Becky rebukes him. “Good intentions alone can never be enough. But you bring people with talents and skills and passion together, give them a cause, something they believe in. Something worth fighting for. That’s when you begin to really achieve something.”
!” He shouts, slamming his car door and storming towards Castiel. “Where
There are plenty of things in writing this that I could not make better. To fully write a more appropriate ending to spn, in my opinion, we would have needed to back up further in the series. This was more of an attempt to mend, to bring the character arcs to their full and due closure, to attend to the vast swath of plot holes left unfilled, to provide the sense of fulfillment and joy that the finale should have left its fandom with, and –
As the finale episode of Supernatural nears its end, the first cords of “Suit And Jacket” by Judah And The Lion begin to play, set to a montage of reunion and family.
Sam huffs lightly, smiles. “Uh, sure. What’s the occasion?”
“Good,” Sam, “For once. Worked a couple cases down around Austin, and in Omaha. Then up in western Massachusetts and upstate New York.”
Dean cannot hide his exasperation, Becky her utter disappointment in the mighty saviors of the world, Dean and Sam freakin’ Winchester.
Sam turning his bedroom into an office space, moving out the bed and dresser, moving in shelves and filing cabinets, a multiple-screen computer setup and better lighting. And the table from the library, with the boy’s and Mary’s initials carved in it. When everything is in place, he stands in the center of the room, hands on hips, and looks around, pleased. Dean adding touches to the Fortress of Deanitude. A foosball table, a karaoke machine, a dart board, a gaming console. He hangs an iron-wrought sign that reads The Black Spur over by the bar. And then he opens the door, and invites all his friends and family inside.
is Tuesday.”
real. And I
Sam nods. “Yeah, well. We never had the time before. Now we do.”
Sam puts his gun back in his inner holster, looks down at the busted door, at mess made by their fight. Curiously, looks down at his feet.
“Sounds like a hell of a lot of work,” Dean says, but he knows his brother. He’s half teasing, half proud.
, Sam. You and me. Together. Beat out all the odds.”
“It feels –” She shrugs to herself. “Nice. Not trying to do this alone. Not feeling like I
know what that’s like. The things you’ve been through.”
“He, uh, he doesn’t. But – ” Cas sighs, resigned. “Crowley
that happened to you. I don’t think that’s the way he wrote his stories, not from what I saw. You know – ” she looks slightly embarrassed, “back when we were dating.” Her face does a little crunch at the realization that she dated God.
The only thing I couldn’t squeeze in was something like in response to a pop culture reference Dean makes, Cas brandishing a commiserating smile and telling Dean “I understand that reference.” Which I deeply regret. The best I could come up with was Cas making his own casual, apt reference with that line about Obi-wan Kenobi.
He starts half way out of the library and then stops, circles back around a little slowly.
“Until then, we are fortunate to be led by someone with more vision, resolve and – ” Cas makes a self-deprecating face “ – more patience than I could ever muster.” He grins at Dean, tilts his head in a wink-wink nod. “A real Obi-wan Kenobi sort.”
“So,” Jody says, “How you boys been?”
Sam rolls over onto his back, gets ahold of the man, the two tearing at each other. Furniture topples. Arms and legs flail. Dean is attempting to wrestle the wendigo-stranger-assailant off his brother. There are hands pounding at his back, small hands, beating on his in persistent futility.
And the canon was happy to leave it there. Becky had achieved the capitalistic, Western ideal of success, become an “emotionally mature” woman, and found a means of profiting off her love of Supernatural.
To cover the light sheen of tears that are forming, Dean clears his throat, looks at his feet. Then wags a finger at the two of them and says in a voice that is reminiscent of all the years big brother Dean took care of little Sammy in all those motel rooms – “Now, you gotta be responsible for him, Sam. You gotta walk him, and clean up after him, and everything. Don’t come crying to me for help, either. And no dog hair in Baby!”
you – from the bottom of my heart – what you did, what you do, and what you will choose to do in the future,
Dean is not the small-business-owner type, and he’s definitely not the employee type, so I can only imagine him spending a couple of hours here and there at the local mechanic’s. Though there is no doubt he would be well liked by coworkers and customers. But Dean, even as he mellows out in middle age, isn’t one for authority or being tied down. He’s had enough responsibility for multiple lifetimes. The specialized mechanics shop I imagined for him isn’t Dean caving into the American Dream of being his own boss at a small business – it’s more like a lot of the shops one finds in southern Europe and New England in America:
“It’s-it’s not that bad,” Sam says, without much conviction. “We
The boys are almost out the door before the ranger calls after them. “It’s a pity,” the old man says. Sam and Dean stop in the doorway and turn back to him, wondering. “Becoming so mired in violence that you lose yourself. I’m told that’s the life, what it is you boys do.”
), we’re also often something much more than that.
“Yeah, and what was that like?” Dean asked, partially making shoptalk and partially attempting to hide his own very sincere interest.
“Shut up,” Sam good-naturedly replies.
Padding into the library alongside Dean is a dog. Tongue-lolling, bright-eyed, as happy to see Sam as the hunter is to see him. He walks right up to him, like this was always meant to be, and the dog was just patiently waiting for the Winchester to be ready for him to come into his life.
“I’m better,” she decides. “I’ve got…people, you know? Occasionally, I even – ” she laughs at herself, a little embarrassed, but also happy, “I even let Jody take care of me the way she wants. Home cooked meals, clean laundry. Band-aids on my bruises.” Dean smiles grimly and nods. He knows. He knows how hard it can be to let someone take care of you. And also how much people like he and Claire need that, even if they can’t admit it to themselves, not without it breaking them beyond repair.
doing.”
have you been?!”
Both of the Winchesters appear thoroughly deflated and a little embarrassed. The man they thought was a monster inhales deeply, and takes a visual inventory of the damage done to his cabin.
supernatural. They’ve seen it, or it runs in their family, and no one believes them. Or they’ve lost loved ones to it, and they’ve got no one to talk to about it. I mean, who was I supposed to tell that I had dated a
As “Carry On” hits the final guitar riff, Sam and Dean continue the family business. Hunting ghosts and monsters and witches. And helping people. Reuniting families. Working cases. Sam and Dean Winchester, side by side. Together, driving the Impala down the road ahead, the last chorus of “Carry On” swallowed by the roar of Baby’s engine.
“And that family, the one down in Nebraska? Man, do they know how to make a mean PB and J. You would have loved it.” Dean laughs, remembering the memory of the family as well as the memory of human Cas loving peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. “They were so grateful, they loaded up the cooler with ‘em. And those sandwiches didn’t make it home either – Sam and I polished ‘em off almost before we hit state lines.”
In a house somewhere, Claire fights off a monster, while Kaia helps the family escape. Charlie lightning fast responding to an alert on the wide screens in the control room. Garth working with a group of vampires to get supplies from a blood bank. Rowena using her powers to help break a family curse. Meg and Castiel, fighting back to back against a whirling black cloud of demonic smoke. She glances over her shoulder at him, winks. Cas grins, and as one, they charge into the fray.
Dean walks through the corridors of the bunker, up through the map room and into the library. Sam is in the library, standing around one of the tables with a book in his arms. There are boxes from the storage room on the table, piles of books, an open ledger. Sam sees his brother approach, clears his throat as he tends to do. “Hey.”
“See, that’s what I mean.” Sam says quietly. “Happy.”
“Alright,” he says, shaking himself out of the moment by standing and walking over to the bed to pack the journal away. “First thing tomorrow, we check out the town, talk to some locals. Work the case.”
“Yeah,” Sam says, thinking it over and offering one of his contemplative Sam smiles. “Will do. And also, you’re not alone up here, you know.” Cherng raises an eyebrow. “That old ranger? I think you’d be surprised you’ve got an ally there.”
“Yeah, well.” Dean thinks about it for a moment, then meets Sam’s sympathetic gaze. “Guess I’m trying to do what you’ve been trying to get me to do for years. Have a little faith. What with Jack being all, you know,
“Yes, I probably could,” Cas grumbled, taking a moment to look over at Crowley, who was most definitely judging Cas right now. Dean was still staring at him expectantly, as if he wanted Cas to indulge him, and play the game. “Dean-“
Dean didn’t know where he was going when he began to drive, he just knew that Jack, or Cas, or someone would guide him to what feels right. Heavy thoughts still weighed him down, despite being in literal heaven the years of trauma would never fully go away, but right now in this moment, with Kansas blasting as the wind tore through his hair, he had hope.
“I don’t know.” Castiel stated simply. “I went through so much, so much over the years, both with the empty- and my time spent on earth. I honestly don’t know how I’ll react.” Cas paused taking a shaky breath “I’m worried one glance at him and I’ll completely fall apart.” He looked down as if he were ashamed, ashamed of the built up guilt and anger and fear that had accumulated in him. “And I ask- I ask that if that happens, you promise you will look away. I know your presence is everywhere, but I don’t want you to see me anything other than my status now. You don’t deserve that.”
“What are you saying Dean.” Cas’s voice was soft, and hopeful.
“Don’t mind if I do.” Dean brought the glass bottle to his lips and chose to ignore Cas’s disappointed glare. When he put the bottle down he caught Cas staring at him, it wasn’t a cute doe eyed far off look, no it was quizzical and hesitant, and it hurt Dean so to avoid that feeling he took another drink. “Alright question 3 is me.” Dean cleared his throat, and pointed to the third question on the list. “Do you rehearse phone calls before you make them?” Cas paused for a second, and then took the bottle from the table and nodded.
“Dean, you don’t have to say it. I understand. We didn’t have to talk about it because I already understood that nothing would ever come from this.” Now it was Dean’s turn to look a little offended, hurt even. Cas’s words were cold, and cut straight to the bone.
“Are you okay?” Cas asked, he was terrified.
“You mean If I come in I won’t be eaten alive?” Dean shot him a teasing glance, and Cas faltered for a second. It’s hard when the man you loved three days ago effortlessly is now a known pathological liar and everything that you thought you knew might as well be dust thrown into the wind, Dean couldn’t imagine what Cas must be feeling right now. Rather than answer Cas just gives him a small smile only to look back seemingly much more interested with the broken light bulb and exposed wire then he is with his husband. “I brought all my documents, my fake ones I mean, the ones that say Michael Singer? I brought them thinking maybe you’d want to burn them- I mean we could burn em’ together, kill Michael together, and then maybe you can get to meet Dean?” Cas stiffened at Deans words. Poor guy looked as if a single poke would shatter him; he was so tense.
“You already apologized for that Dean, you don’t need to make up for it again, besides I’m not leaving I’m just taking a moment of absence.” Cas had made the mistake of looking up, where he had met the eyes of a very sad looking Dean.
“Seriously? Drop it, alright? It’s not like it’s an issue I’ve had anyway!” Dean was getting louder now as he got more and more defensive. Castiel simply smirked as he headed towards the door only to take one glance back at Dean.
“Jesus Christ Cas! Don’t do that!” Dean watched as Cas’s brows furrowed as he glared at Dean with a confused stare.
“Took you long enough” The voice echoed, and as fast as Cas’s elation had come, it would just as easily be taken away. He looked around still trying to live in his confession, his moment of pure unapologetic happiness, and knowledge that his happiness would also be the reason Dean continues to live.
“Question 1. If you could have dinner with anyone in the world, dead or alive, who would it be?” Dean looked up at Cas expectantly, he had an idea of who he would say but he would like to hear it from him. However the more Cas seemed to squirm the less Dean was sure.
“Question 2. If you had the ability to be famous would you? If so, what would you be famous for.” Dean let out a soft scoff, and shook his head.
“It has been a long time since I last tried dancing,” admitted Cas. He ran a finger along the records, scanning their titles. “Do you have any dancing experience?”
It could have been a long time, or mere moments, but after a long impenetrable silence shored up by the insistent crashing of the waves, Cas cleared his throat. Funny—Dean didn’t think he’d ever heard him do that before. Never seen him eat, either. Or need a wink of sleep.
“Yes, but you have to promise not to tell.”
“Is Jack Allen a girl?” asked Alicia.
“Er,” said Cas.
“I asked you to take a course with him for a reason, Dean,” she said, letting some of her inner steel lace her voice. “And words are words. He’s your teacher. Go ask him for help.”
have enough money for another night, really. “I bet you say that to all the guests you want to stay longer,” he teased.
Now that the initial wave of anger had passed, Dean ripped his eyes from Zach to watch the other guy smile the self-satisfied smirk of the rich and powerful. He was young, blond, and suddenly very familiar…but it made no damn sense. “Brady?”
Cas’s smile fell and he blinked up at Dean, confused. “But I thought last time it was you who did the sucking.”
Dean rubbed his side, on the yellowing bruise.
She shut off her phone and dropped it onto the edge of the sound board. “Still not seeing where you want to go with this. What do you need me for?”
“A dare?”
“Ugh,” she said, throwing herself back on her couch dramatically. “So many places I could go with what you just said, but it would be too easy, like kicking a puppy. Anyway, you only have a couple weeks left of class, right? That means you only have to see these people a few more times and they have no idea it’s you anyway, so there you go.”
Cas took it—in both hands, this time—and inhaled the fumes happily before drinking. “Still good,” he said.
“Was the book even out then?” another kid asked.
“Did he ever thank you?” Sam crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair.
Even without trying, Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to get there on his own steam. Wherever here was. He gave a short nod.
No matter the reason, Castiel had his duty. In most discussions it was to act as guide and moderator to help his students come to their own conclusions. But in those rare cases when a student confides—as this now had become something like a confession—honesty was required. “No, Dean, that is not a choice a poet has to make, anymore than other people who drink, are depressed, fight wars. It was quite the opposite for Dennis Brutus, in fact.”
Framed by a large set of three windows, she leaned on her hands and stared down a moment. Dean knew she’d never seen the reason for his reclusiveness, or at least not agreed with his reasons. But finally she looked up. “I’ve kept your secret all these years. I won’t break your trust now. I promise.”
and polished my good shoes as well.
Eyes bulging, Dean almost felt weightless as Cas dragged him along. Dean was not, was not, a dude to be seen in public holding hands with other dudes, okay? This was completely different than staying within the cozy little bubble of Paradise Cove. That wasn’t real life. This was out in the open, where anyone could see! Even if it felt nice, and the grip was strong, and Castiel looked so damn pleased to be on a real date. What if someone saw them? He remembered a time when he’d been walking down a street in some no-name town with his dad, and two men had gone past holding hands just like this. “Damn fools,” John had said. “Like painting a target on your back.”
“Never heard of him, either,” said Dean. He was beginning to see what Cas was talking about when he worried that Dean wouldn’t be up to snuff in the things higher-level students would inevitably talk about in discussion.
Dean ripped his gaze from the sky and gave Cas a long look. The guy was completely unrepentant, staring back at him like he in any way competed with the view. It was kind of overwhelming if Dean thought about it too hard. Though, he had to admit that staring at the hottest guy he’d ever met in his life was good, too. “You’re—you’re not so bad yourself.”
He’d come into town with only a duffel slung over his shoulder, and he was going to be leaving it the same way. Within five minutes he was packed, and before he flew out the door he shrugged his leather jacket over his white tank—not the one Alastair had bought him, impractical, tight as a straitjacket—but his dad’s old one, even now too big in the shoulders, but still a warm, comforting weight.
Dean left then. He imagined, hoped, that Castiel at least watched him go.
“Couldn’t get past the crowd from the front,” said Claire.
“Yep. She wants you to stay hydrated, use sunscreen, and come in for lunch soon.”
She smiled at his humor, then leaned toward him, holding out a certain page of the book. Dean scooched over, and they put their heads together. She pointed to the poem.
“Don’t take that tone with me.” Her voice brooked no argument. “Twice a week in a real classroom. Is that a commitment you are able to make?”
, not
“I didn’t know math had spectator sports,” Dean joked.
Dean was driving.
But his feet, sweaty and sore in the boots, didn’t leave the path. He kept walking along the cliff past all the cabins, the lake glittering bright blue below. When he reached the firepit he noticed that the path continued on north for quite a ways. Now that he was planning on staying, that would be a good idea to explore. For now, though, he ambled onto the grass and into the parking lot, toward the lodge. When he swung the doors open it was so dark compared to the outside, he had to blink a couple times for a large shape in front of the desk to coalesce into a tall, balding man in a business suit.
“Dean!” Sam loped from the front porch with Eileen, who plucked Jack from Dean’s arms so that the moose could smother him with his.
“Hey, buddy,” he said, smiling as Jack squealed in delight. Sam and Eileen both worked with social services, Sam as a lawyer, and Eileen as a social worker. They saw too many kids get chewed up by the system to not want to adopt out of fostercare, and it melted Dean just a little more to see evidence of how happy and loved Jack was. He pulled Jack back down into a hug, felt his little fingers digging into his jacket as it was enthusiastically returned, and sent a tiny prayer of thanks into the universe. Jack would never have to scrape and scrabble like Sam and Dean had, grow up in an orphanage like Eileen, be foisted from family to family like Charlie. He was in their family now.
For all that, though, as lovely as it was stripped down, the song called for more atmosphere. Cas closed his eyes and twitched his fingers, as if running over buttons and fades. Drums came in, first, the steady beat an undercurrent of impending approach, rather than an anchor. Bass, electric bass, deep and fast and melodic, bearing out the suppressed disquiet in their voices. Keys? No—cello. Mournful undertones, quiet and soft as silk, long wails beyond conscious thought. Telling the story beneath the story.
“Of course, borrow as many as you would like…”
“I have rooms above the office here; I can take time for myself whenever I like. It’s alright, Dean.”
She looked at it for a moment, then looked up at him. He did his best to keep his expression as guileless as possible, so she felt no pressure. Or shame.
Ass over teakettle, the air whooshed from his lungs as he shot up high into the air, then tumbled back and back and back, the shore receding every time he spun around to see it, and when the momentum finally petered out…
Once their tickets were taken, they walked into the auditorium and took stock. Dean was too distracted to take a side in his friends’ continued bickering about what area to sit in, but the point became moot when Donna hurried up to them. “There you are! I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” she told Dean. “Hiya, girls! Where’s Castiel?”
Sure enough, unlike the other night, there were two chairs set up on the stage, directly in front of them. “I bow to your expertise,” said Cas. He opened his mouth to ask a question, then thought better of it. He drank some of his beer; it was just as good as he remembered.
“Hey,” he answered. “Didn’t mean to startle you.”
In the second he understood: My mother’s death has led to this. It was not random. My brother will be next.
“Busy. And I thought high school was work.” She didn’t seem put out about it, though. “I joined the rugby team. And the rowing team.”
She hands me satin.
“What? Would have what, Dean? Dad was already your burden. I sure as hell wasn’t going to be another.” He swallowed some beer, half-defiant, half-resigned.
“I do like trucks.”
Castiel took the chance. “Black or white?” he asked.
Charlie ducked her head, lanky hair hiding her blush. “Thanks,” she mumbled, but still had a pleased air about her as she left the room.
He shut his phone and put it back in his pocket. Looking for his keys, he patted all his other pockets until he realized they were already in the ignition. “Nice,” he said. He turned the keys and Baby roared to life. With a full tank of gas, no less. “Sweet. Now,” he said, leaning to reach under the passenger seat and pulling out a box, “you’re going to tell me since when the fuck there are angels, how you’re an angel, and why other angels are after us. Start from the very beginning.”
the ghost, how it’s like you’re searching for something or how you’re home at the same time. It’s just…it’s the truest thing I’ve ever read.”
She raised an unimpressed eyebrow. “The way you fiddle with your necklace when you’re nervous is a pretty good tell.”
Dean ticked his jaw, deciding on his answer. “Yeah. I do.”
“Make sure it stays that way, or you’ll never get him off your back,” Dean advised.
“Hold tight,” said the man, revving the engine.
“Definitely,” said Dean. “But in the meantime, let’s go inside. You’re freezing, and the
“My brother brought in his acoustic guitar and played. Not just anything, he played…songs Mom wrote, or songs Dad wrote. Songs off the cassette tapes we grew up listening to in the car. Songs we’d written together. Songs he’d written himself. Songs of asphalt and starlight and gasoline and an unending horizon. And he saw me through it.”  The enormity of that accomplishment settled softly between them. Then a burst of laughter came from a nearby table, startling them both. Sam shifted and sighed, as if letting the memories float away. “Didn’t find out ‘til years later that he’d been trying to build a solo career, but dropped everything to take care of me. He has fun with covers but the dream of playing his own music is still alive in him; I can see it. But he won’t listen to what we have to say. He thinks we’re just trying to encourage him ‘cause that’s what family’s supposed to do. Dean just needs someone to have a little faith in him, someone from the outside. I think he’d listen to you, Cas.”
Novak smiled, and Dean really must have been staring at the stubble because how the hell did he miss this guy’s mouth? “Then call me Castiel, or Cas. Please.”
“I’d like that,” Castiel said quickly.
There was no stopping after that. Cas gleefully explored Dean’s music, choosing songs that were upbeat, or made for good air guitar, or were otherwise fun to listen to. David Bowie was a must, of course (”Ah,
He slapped Sam a couple times on the back before pulling away so that Eileen could read his lips. “Are you sure? Eileen might see the light and realize she picked the wrong brother.” His ASL was not great, but he added in a sign here and there as he spoke. He’s never practiced as much as he meant to. He grinned, swallowing down his shame, his inner voice recriminating him, how Eileen deserved a far better brother-in-law. It was going to be baptism by fire now, but he was no stranger to that. And he probably couldn’t find better teachers than Sam and Eileen.
Dean looked into his eyes. Missouri might see all sorts of colors but all Dean could see was blue. “I miss my brother.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t help it; he snapped his fingers and jumped in right when Billy Joel started singing because he couldn’t
“Well,” said their professor, with a growing smile on his lips. “Stay tuned for Thursday. I think I can oblige you.”
They do it to advertise in Coca-Cola red and
Cas sighed. It did seem outlandish that of all the small towns he could have rolled into, he’d rolled into the one with two washed up rock stars: a has-been and a could-have-been. He wasn’t religious, had long since abandoned the idea of any kind of intentful god, but he was not completely blind to the strings of fate pulled by the universe. And the way that Dean had made him feel when he played—that was the way he’d felt whenever he’d heard his best acts for the first time. And he couldn’t quite let go of it.
“Hey!”
While he waited, he watched Cas flit back and forth between the kitchen and the tables, always with a smile ready. The funny thing was, people always had a smile ready for him, too. Whether he was totally happy running the place or not, Castiel had created something good here, really good, and all the guests could feel it. He just hoped that Cas could feel it too.
“Thanks, honey,” said Missouri when he set his bags on the island. She looked absolutely in her element and was already dressed for hosting, a silver and topaz brooch glittering on her breast. “I’m just about to get started.”
But I hung on like death:
“I’m in summer school for English,” said Dean. “Pretty sure that speaks for itself.”
“Fine. Okay.” Sam took a deep, shaky breath. “I’ve been having these...recurring dreams. Every night now, for almost two weeks. The dream’s exactly the same every time.”
Castiel had been earning his Masters in Education for a year; he was well aware that some students were going to fail. She just seemed so…unaffected by the idea. “I was just thinking…” he started. She raised her eyebrows. Cas cleared his throat. “I remember when I was in school, a teacher of mine taught us a trick with story problems. He called it the Man in the Box Method. I think it was a reference to something. He always used to sing it, like
Sam and Eileen lived in an out of the way house halfway between the Roadhouse and Sioux Falls. It was pretty big, even though it was only the two of them, and Dean sometimes wondered whether they ever planned to add more to their family besides their dog Bones. Sam was in fact out front with the golden retriever when Dean pulled up, tossing around a tennis ball. As soon as the Impala’s rumbling stopped, Bones was off like a shot to the driver’s door. Dean opened it quickly, not interested in cleaning drool off his window. He let the dog jump on him and lick his face instead. “Alright, alright,” he grumbled, unfolding himself from the seat and shutting the door behind him.
“Apology accepted,” she said, though it sounded cautious. “Was it the poem? When did you write the poem?”
“Yeah,” said Dean, not moving. Then, louder, “Yeah, I’m coming.” He looked over his shoulder and shooed her away. When she left, flipping him off as she let the door slam shut behind, Dean downed his wine, half stood up from the table, and grabbed Cas’s wine from his good hand and downed that, too—and here Cas had barely started in on that round. “You—” he said, plunking the empty mug next to the other on the table. He pointed at Cas. “You—make sure you watch the show.”
Dean clunked down the stairs after him, hand tingling where it was still cradled in Cas’s. He was so distracted he didn’t notice the impending view, barely registered the crashing of water as it cascaded down to Lake Superior. The steps emptied them out onto a boardwalk stretching across jumbled rocks until it spread out into a wide observation deck. Mostly, Dean was contemplating the slight curl of Castiel’s hair where it reached his neck as there wasn’t brain power left for much else, but then Cas tugged Dean out from behind him, pushing him forward toward the railing. “Look,” he said.
[music video, to help visualize]
Sam and Charlie were shouting something behind him, but he had no time to process what; he landed on top of Alastair, knee straight to the stomach. Alastair gasped an
“No, no that’s not true. That can’t be- I-I did everything for you, for Jack, for Dean! I can’t-I won’t believe it.” Cas’s words were weak. He sounded desperate for reassurance something to bring him some sort of protection after what felt like years of torture.
“Uh hey Cas, it’s your husband.” Silence. Dean paused waiting for a response, he didn’t get one. “Alright I know I deserve this, but I really want to talk to you alright? I mean I could keep talking to this door but the door isn’t nearly as sexy as you.” He let out a dry laugh. He had a feeling Cas was not amused, which almost made it funnier. “Okay so either you’re my husband, or you’re a complete stranger who’s squatting at my husbands house and if that’s the case I’ve got a shit ton of guns in my car.” He paused. “Or uh- unless I got the wrong house, in that case my bad. But I’m pretty sure this is Cas’s place” Silence again. Except for— what was that? Quacking?
after a brief moment. He holds his finger up as if Dean would be going anywhere and shut the door between him and Dean. About a minute later he opened the door again and in his arms was a greenish brown duck, a
And they did.
Fuck.
“I’m sure someone could change that.” The angel stated simply with a shrug. Disappearing into the hallway leaving Dean flustered, embarrassed, and way more turned on then he would’ve liked to admit.
“First of all, there is no thing alright? Second of all, what the hell are you even talking about? Everything is completely as it should be.” Dean attempted to flash his half smirk as if to play off the miniature moment of weakness that some may deem “a hissy fit”
Eileen who had been watching the fight from the side was struggling to put the pieces together.
Castiel was gone, Jack was gone, but Dean had Sam. Sam had always been enough, would always be enough, enough for Dean to press on. For a long time, most of Dean’s life, all he had to do was protect his little brother or else his life would amount to virtually nothing. John Winchester created a sick dynamic, and Dean didn’t want to refer to it as a codependent relationship, but deep in the back of his mind he knew, he always knew. It fucking sucked.
“Yeah, I don’t know Cas, maybe it’s just a song and we’re reading into this.” Or maybe something about this is hitting differently and Dean just couldn’t place why.
“Yes and no, I spent a lot of time in Texas, but uh wasnt born there.” Cas was frowning again, he closed the passport and passed it to Dean. He looked as if he was gonna walk away, leaving Dean out here to get ax murdered or something, but the younger man was quick to stop that train of thought. “Uh wait, there’s one more thing” Avoiding Cas’s exasperated glare, Dean reached back into the Impala this time pulling out the old packet he had found earlier on his drive. He held the papers out to which Cas took them reluctantly. He let out a short scoff as he scanned the first words.
“Do you think you’re ready to see him?” Jack posed innocently, as if the question didn’t bare the weight of a thousand suns. Cas glanced quickly at Jack then back out at the sea that seemed to crash and break methodically, a sense of normalcy that soothed the frantic mind.
27 hours later and Dean was there. He felt nauseous and exhausted but deep down he wasn’t worried, not really. He had no reason to be! He had a plan, Cas loved him enough to marry him! I mean how different is a name! As Dean walked up to the door eyeing the parked truck in the driveway (just to make sure) he found himself knocking before he could think twice.
When Dean pulled back he smiled, a little shaken but glowing nonetheless. “Who knew, maybe I am strictly into dick now” he laughed, but Cas looked confused.
It was so cold. The air, the metal, everything was so fucking cold. Dean in his drunken state stumbled over to the wall in which the empty had taken its form. In one swift motion, Dean slammed his fist into the concrete. The shot of pain he felt in his hand was quickly forgotten about despite the warm blood that seemed to drip down his knuckles and wrist.
“No no no no please please please let me go to him please” Cas let out a weak sob as Jack’s cries seemed to grow farther and farther away, as if to symbolize Cas’s failures as an angel, and as a guardian.
“Dean, if you’re saying what I think you’re saying, then please make it clear so I don’t make a fool of myself” Dean's face softened at that, a small smile crept across his face as he uncrossed his arms.
The words were soft, but so heavy. Cas wanted to rip through the wall, save him, do anything, what should’ve been a breakthrough moment was ripped away, and he would be losing Dean for what. Big heavy tears fell down Cas’s cheeks, his eyes wide as he watched in fear as Billy seemed to intervene.
“Dean?”
“I’m only entertaining this because I know you won’t shut up otherwise” Cas’s voice is deep and the words are sharp, but Dean can’t help but smile like an absolute lunatic as he finally
“Nah.” Cas tilted his head at him, and Dean simply shrugged. “I wouldn’t wanna be famous.”
“Um-“
“Yeah. Okay question 4.” Cas took a deep breath, almost like he was composing himself, and leaned over the paper. “If you had to describe your perfect day, what would it look like.” Cas realized he was still holding onto the whisky bottle, and sheepishly put it back down. Dean watched as Cas’s head turned to the duck that was now sleeping peacefully on the old rocker across the room. And Dean watched as Cas walked his cute ass over there, grabbed the duck off the seat and came back. Dean raised a brow. “What? He looked lonely.” Dean still hesitated, watching Cas and his pet with the utmost amusement. “Dean, you’re stalling.” Cas just about grumbled, running his knuckle down the ducks neck.Crowley was no longer asleep, and Dean could swear the duck was staring daggers into his soul.
“C-Cas, Cas hey, hey it’s okay.” Dean managed to whisper through shallow breaths. Something ungodly had ripped through Cas, as he felt such a strong wave of grief pour through him, a broken sob against his better judgement echoed through the storage room. Billy seemed unimpressed. “Hey-hey listen to me.” Dean's voice was more stern now, despite how weak he still sounded. “You had your moment. My turn now. T-take care of Sammy for me okay? Okay, and you-you have to fix this, the world” Dean looked down at his wound, he should’ve bled out by now, but it seems Billy was allowing one final goodbye. “A-and damn it Cas- I love you too.”
“Because I made that mistake once before. And I’m not letting you walk away again, I shoulda stopped you the first time, never again” Dean sounded determined, like a man on a mission. A mission to do what? I’m not even sure he knew.
“No, no you don’t have to explain yourself to me. I expected this. That’s why I never spoke about it, any of it.” Cas’s words were gruff, and he refused to make eye contact with Dean. The hurt angel seemed to be struggling to find the means to get out of there without further embarrassment. “I think I’ll sit out of tonight’s escapades, thank you” he muttered, pushing past Dean and making his way down the hall towards his room.
Others were less entertaining, one of the worst being the night not long after Jack had left. Sam had gone out, must have felt just as cooped up as Dean and decided to go take a night to himself, leaving Dean alone. Drink after drink after drink, Dean was losing himself in a coping mechanism that never seemed to do the trick. But every time he saw something that reminded him of
“Cas, you know I hate talking about anything other than pie, music, and sex more then anything, but I think Sam’s right. We should hash this out, I just- I don’t know what to say because you’re a guy, but-“
When he approached a fork in the road he slowed to a stop trying to let intuition take over, as it had done on his ride so far. However, while something tugged at his gut to turn right, the path that had a clear sign warning about a bridge crossing, something in the back of his mind seemed to say ‘not yet’ so he turned left. The road seemed to grow narrow as the path became bumpy and unstable taking him deeper into the woods. The sun still shone bright through the dark green leaves and long branches, and despite the rough terrain, Dean couldn’t help but feel a certainty of purpose. This became all too clear when he saw him. There, not 40 feet away was Cas, his back turned to impala as he sat in silence on a fallen tree branch. The angel turned around at the sound of the impala, his eyes wide and mouth agape.
Cas didn’t have to look at the phone to know who was calling, it was Sam. He was checking in to make sure everyone was okay, maybe give an update on Jack or god or whoever. It didn’t matter, none of it mattered. Cas would have to be the one to tell him that Dean was dead, Cas would be the one who would have to tell him that he let Sam’s big brother die, that he couldn’t do anything.
“36 questions that lead to love, yes how could I forget our first date.” Cas finished in a dry tone. Dean was smiling though, he knew this was serious, this whole situation was very serious. But something about the terrifying reality of having to tell the complete and utter truth to your husband you have been lying to for two years felt absolutely historical.
“Woah there, pizza man, why don’t we revisit this later, Sam and Eileen are waiting on us.” Dean let out a short laugh as Cas pulled away, ashamed but completely elated at the same time. When Dean and Cas had finally left the room (after maybe one more kiss, teenage desperation style) Sam and Eileen were sitting at the table smirking.
“Kansas? I thought you were from Texas?” Cas looked up at Dean who once again was caught in his web of lies that had gotten them here in the first place. With a sheepish smile Dean looked at the picture over Cas’s shoulder.
“I’m sorry Castiel. But it was his life, or mine. I’ve seen how this story goes.” She pulled the staff from Dean's chest causing him to gasp. Castiel stared in horror, his chest heaving as he fell to his knees, his hands shaking as he went to heal the wound, but Billy was too fast. The angel was tossed to the side and pinned to the wall, unable to pull away.
“The point is, maybe we can do it. Maybe we can be better if we keep each other honest, you know. Deal?”
“And you think I have? I’m in the same place you are.”
Dean sat down abruptly. He needed to nip this instant attraction shit right in the bud. One, because Dean was the absolute worst at forming coherent sentences around dudes he found attractive. He’d never really gotten the hang of it like he had with women. Two, if Dean was going to do this, be a student, then no matter what their ages were, Castiel was in a position of authority over him. More than that, he needed to be able to actually listen to what Cas had to say. A quick roll in the sack was not what he was here for.
Cas nearly fell over with the amount of unexpected weight as Dean threw his arms around the angel. Cas was hesitant to hold him back, but when he did he didn’t want to let go. Neither one of them moved to pull away as Dean held tight onto Cas, as if letting go would mean losing him again. But when Cas finally pulled back, miraculously, neither one seemed to disappear into the air.
