"John, it hurts." Sherlock whined as the doctor finally walked in. He was almost dead on his feet from three different surgeries and a three hour class would drain even the most steady of students. He was scratching at his elbows again, John noted, frowning.
So, instead of running back home to the empty mansion that had once housed his parents and two older brothers, but now only housed a hostile older brother and memories best left buried, the teen turned to the nearest comfort, cocaine. He felt a sort of bliss when that needle would be inserted in the veins and the drug would fill his system. His mind shut down and, for once, Sherlock had friends. Granted, they were not the best of influence, nor the best of friends, but they were friends none-the-less. Sherlock cherished those moments that the other kids weren't making fun of his 'freakish' ability to read what they'd been up to.
Their daughter babbled away as they unloaded her from the car, pointing at every interesting thing they passed and giggling. Her joyful laugh and smile made her parents grin, even as Sherlock's stomach turned into a knotted mess of anxiety. Addy was somewhere new and exciting and couldn't help but be curious of everything she saw. She definitely took after Sherlock in that regard. His curiosity was a thing of beauty and wonder. And Addy was no different. Servants were carrying their two cases into the house for them so John's hands felt quite empty and he wasn't sure what to do. How was he supposed to act around his omega's parents? He didn't come from a high class family, had no clue of the proper behavior when meeting someone from the upper class. Sherlock turned to look at him and shook his head. "Be yourself my love." His deep baritone washed over John, calming the tense alpha a bit. He didn't want to be here anymore than Sherlock, but they were going to face this challenge together.
Sherlock took a deep breath and glanced at John again. "You live at home with your omega dad and older beta brother. You looked up to your father, who recently died in Afghanistan. You respect omegas but never thought about forming a bond with one. You don't want your hormones to rule your life. You enjoy outdoor activities and are probably a very caring person. Sometimes you wonder if you presented wrong, because you're far too kind to be an alpha in most elder's eyes. You have two best friends, one of which you know has been checking you out when he thinks you're not paying attention. You don't know what to do about the awkward situation it creates. You've been dealing with self-harm and depression issues since last year, and your brother has fallen into drinking alcohol. You don't go home often because you don't want to deal with him. Your omega dad worries about you, so you call him every day to make sure he knows you're okay." Sherlock took another deep breath as he rattled off a list of deductions and waited for John to start yelling at him.
Sherlock nodded pitifully, raising his head to seek out John's lips with his own. The kiss was tentative, sweet in the most innocent ways. They moved together, flowing like they had never separated, parting for the other subconsciously. The kiss lasted for longer then either teen thought it would, and they both felt a bit better for it, a bit more whole. John smiled down at him gently, lovingly, and stroked his pale, fragile cheek gently. "How I've missed you." He sighed quietly, fingers tracing the sharp contours of his best friend's face.
"Mostly likely poison of some sort, I'd wager a kind that wouldn't show up in a toxicology report. The bruises indicate they fought, but they're more concentrated around the wrist and ankles, meaning they were tied down. All three were omegas, so are we dealing with an omega prostitution ring? Sherlock?" The omega was frowning at his mate as if seeing him for the first time.
This was something the nineteen year old felt like he had to do. He craved the danger like blood in his veins and he looked forward to the time he would spend helping soldiers and civilians alike. It was his father's career, his end, and might possibly be John's career one day. He couldn't see a life outside the danger zones that the army presented. He really had no reason to return to London anyway, since his sister drank herself to oblivion and his mother had committed suicide shortly after he turned eighteen. John didn't have a girlfriend, and really, his two friends would take no time at all to move on if he was shot anyway.
"I understand. I love you." His eyes grew wide and he bit his lip as he stared back up at John. "Sorry, sorry. It's just...it feels like old times, you know?"
"Hey, you hungry Sher? You need to eat." John moved to sit up and sighed as Sherlock tried to trap him into laying down again. "No Sher, I have a shift to start and this would be very unprofessional. Get up. I'll get you some food and then I have to speak with DJ about something." Sherlock whimpered at the loss of body heat and immediately burrowed into the covers. "Speak with Ford while I'm gone. I'll be back, promise."
He stomped around moodily as he gathered what belongings he was taking with him to the school. They had separate dorms for their omega students, trying (unsuccessfully one might add) to keep the alphas from getting to the omegas when they turn fourteen and hit their first heat. Sherlock had made the mental note to request a chance to go home when his fourteenth birthday hit. He was not about to 'helped' by any alpha, he was not a fragile flower and his bloody biology would not decide how he acted. The school allowed students off campus only on the weekends, not that it mattered much to the young omega.
"To war..." John smiled crookedly at his mate and proudly took the man's hand as the family made their way outside and to the black car waiting on the curb.
"Your father, Afghanistan or Iraq?" The omega repeated impatiently, narrowing his eyes as he watched the boy fidget.
Sherlock knew from the moment he stepped on the university campus that something was wrong. He was sixteen, attending a college full of older kids. Of course something was bound to go wrong. It wasn't like the tall, lanky teen could slip undetected through the buildings and into his dorm room. He intimidated those around him with his sharp eyes and stunningly right deductions, and that must have scared the hell out of the other teens. Mummy had always told him his gift of observation could also be seen as a curse when it came to the eyes of the other children, but never had he felt so insulted then by the older teens that crowded him in the hallways.
"I'm fine Ford. Been better of course. But...I think everything is going to be fine from now on." At this, Sherlock turned his head, though it gave him a major headache, and glanced up at John, who nodded confirmation and kissed Sherlock's forehead. "I don't feel incomplete any more. I even regret everything I've done for the last year." The two still stared at each other, and it was like Sherlock was speaking the words only to the trainee doctor who smiled warmly at him.
"John." Sherlock nuzzled against the blonde's neck, trying to determine if the older boy was still awake. A faint hum escaped his lips so Sherlock took that as confirmation. "Can...can I move in with you? When I'm out of here?" The brunette hesitated slightly, hiding his face from the older boy, despite the almost pitch blackness of the room. John's hand, which had previously been circling Sherlock's back slowly, stopped and he pulled in a deep breath. "It's just...I don't feel safe at school." Sherlock mumbled quietly.
--@--
Paperwork was a long and tedious process that took most of John's time to complete in the afternoons. His residency was to last only a few years, but the number of patients he sees increases the better work he does. On top of that, he is forced to fill out paper work for each individual.
"Can we go home?" Sherlock asked him quietly, just now remembering that a bunch of the Yard had seen and heard every bit of their mating. Though he wasn't exactly embarrassed, he didn't enjoy being so vulnerable around these people. John chuckled and kissed along the back of Sherlock's neck.
The next day was Sherlock's first day of his brand new school. He had finally persuaded his parents that the knowledge they taught at the all omega school was useless. They were sending him to the local secondary school that was within walking distance of Holmes Manor. His older brothers, Mycroft and Sherrinford, insisted they do the honour of walking their baby brother to his new school. Sherlock was more than a little bit annoyed at this, and, considering he wasn't coming home until the end of term, quite a bit angry too.
The younger teen gasped like a fish and whimpered as the pain in his wrist finally caught up with him. Blood had soaked the bandages again, and were leaking down onto the clean sheets. John shook his head and once again moved to change the bandages and perhaps push some stitches through the deep gashes. "You've got to quit doing this 'Lock. I'm right down the hall okay? I promise I'll stay close by while you're here, but I need sleep and food like a normal person." John's work was quick and efficient, and soon Sherlock felt his bleeding stop and the greyness at the edges of his vision disappeared.
Siger regarded the alpha thoughtfully, grey eyes like steel on a cold winter morning and waved a hand in indication. "This is what you chose Sherlock? You were meant for better." And the older alpha sniffed as if the younger one offended him by his mere presence before turning full attention on the currently pregnant omega. John felt his hackles raise but stood by nonetheless, content to let Sherlock handle the situation for the time being. Sherlock's jaw clenched and he shot John an apologetic look, eyes warm and soft from this mornings activities and the fact that he still held his daughter close. She was his strength and his reasoning for not being around his parents. "Doctor John Watson is perfectly suitable as a mate, far braver and stronger then you. I would ask that you refrain from insulting him in his own home." His voice was soft, but the words might as well have been shouted. Siger's face twisted into fury and he reached out to slap the omega, even as John snarled and sprang on him, shoving him away from his omega and his child.
"God, Sherlock. You feel so good around me." John groaned as he pulled back more and thrusted in harder, setting up a steady rhythm. He looked down to see where he was joined to his best friend, his mate, and nearly came at the sight. Sherlock's hole was sucking him in greedily and massaging his cock as he continued to thrust into the heat of his mate. He moaned and leaned forward to rest his forehead on Sherlock's chest, changing the angle of his thrust. Sherlock gasped and moaned in amplified pleasure as each thrust hit his little bundle of nerves inside his hole and the pleasure coursed through his body. His prick was leaking freely, untouched and lying against his stomach, spreading the pre all over the lower curve. As John increased his pace, thighs slapping against Sherlock's bum and making the most delicious sounds in the quiet flat, Sherlock mewled and sought out John's lips, needing just that right amount of pressure to send him over the edge. He could feel the knot, not as big as it usually is in heat, catching at his rim as John sought out his pleasure and enhanced Sherlock's. He turned his head to catch Sherlock's lips with his own and the omega cried out from underneath him, painting his curving belly with useless, white cum.
"Was it Afghanistan or Iraq?" Sherlock inquired of the alpha, cocking his head neatly to the side so that his curls slanted to frame his pale face. John started in surprise at the deep, velvety voice asking the question before the words clicked in his brain.
Greg blushed, and shuffled around more, scratching the back of his neck at Sherlock studied the other omega. "Congratulations are in order then." The younger Holmes rumbled, nodding his head at the DI, who smiled back.
Mary followed John out the door, chatting away about nothing in particular as they headed towards the first floor labs. John's mind was entirely preoccupied with the boy lying int he hospital bed, so he didn't notice how close Mary had gotten until she grabbed for his hand. He pulled gently out her grasp and went on explaining some obscure experiment Sherlock had performed their last year in school, laughing as he remembered the younger boy's surprised face when the experiment had failed.
Feeling his mate contract around him, John groaned and shoved his knot past that twitching ring of muscle to lock them together as he filled him up. John pressed kisses all over Sherlock's face as his mate's passage milked his cock for all it was worth and smiled. "You are so beautiful 'Lock." He whispered as their orgasms subsided and they laid side-by-side on their bed. Sherlock smiled at his mate and nuzzled against him.
The young trainee thought about it, about how his roommate would react to Sherlock moving in with them, or how the college would feel to find a boy from another college crashing with John every night. "We can get a new flat John. I have the money. Ford mentioned we could move in with him too. I want to be close to you, I don't want to lose you again." It was quiet again as John thought about it. "Please don't make me go back there." A whispered, broken sob which had John pulling Sherlock in tighter, kissing the teenagers temple and trying to quiet him down.
"Who was that?" John asked once they were alone again, watching his fingers gently gliding over Sherlock's bandaged wrist.
Before another thought could form in the omegas mind, Sherlock leaned forward and connected his lips with the alphas. It surprised both teenagers, but neither one broke apart, instead they melted into each other like it was the most natural thing for them to do. When they finally parted, they met each other's eyes and smiled. John's heart was hammering out of his chest and he marvelled at the fact that his first kiss wasn't the least bit awkward. Sherlock was watching John, his alpha, with a careful, critical eye and joy raging through his entire being. The feelings weren't all his, which was amazing in itself. Most alpha/omega couples with bonds took years of being together before they could communicate thoughts, much less feelings.
"'Lock, look at me." John commanded softly, smiling as Sherlock hesitantly moved his head to look at John. "I could never move on from you. I've missed you. I thought perhaps you had gotten over me of course. I'm plain, boring old John and you're magnificent Sherlock. But drugs 'Lock? There are better ways to spend your time then doing something so self-destructive." He kept his voice soft, but firm and ended his sentence with a kiss to the pale forehead. Sherlock looked up at him with something like hope in his brilliant eyes.
"That's not what people normally say..." Sherlock trailed off as John gave him a confused look. When prompted, Sherlock quietly responded with, "Piss off!" And the pair dissolved into laughter. When grey met blue once more, they calmed down, staring at one another with huge smiles plastered on their faces. Sherlock wanted to be just a bit closer to the mysterious alpha boy and suddenly felt shy about it. The feelings flowing through his body were new and scary. The omega's rational mind tried to argue that it was all hormones, but even though the teen was fast approaching fourteen, when he would experience his first heat, he knew that nothing he was feeling with this young alpha was hormonal. Some distant part of his mind whispered about the soul-bond and soul-ribbon that he had not felt since shaking hands with John.
"You talk about him a lot John. Is he like, a little brother or something?" Mary finally asked, looking faintly annoyed. She looked to John to find him amused, with his eyes fixed far off.
Sherlock huffed quietly against John's lips, eyes screwing shut as a war weathered hand wandered down his bloated body, caressing the gentle swell and tracing loving patterns across the skin. John had taken to doing this every morning. Whispering sweet nothings in his loves ear as he rubbed first lotion, then his own release into the pale skin, kissing the omega all the while. Sherlock loves their daily ritual. And he's forever thankful that Addy hadn't gotten his sleeping schedule so that they could have this peace and quiet to be themselves.
The other officers on scene quickly moved to remove the threatening alpha from John's presence, and other alphas disappeared from the area, letting John relax as his mate moaned underneath him. "John," he whimpered, hips moving to grind his erection into the ground. John growled and roughly turned his mate over to remove his trousers. Sherlock whined pitifully as he caught the stares of other people, trying to let his alpha know that now was not the right time, but John wouldn't hear of it. His alpha was screaming at him to claim his mate in front of would-be challengers, and claim he would. He would knot his omega right here, on the bank of the Thames and everybody at the crime scene would watch. The thought made him grin more as he shoved his own trousers down and roughly re-positioned Sherlock on his stomach with his bond-bite and scent gland exposed.
"William!" Mummy's voice echoed in the large foyer, where the small family had stopped to strip off coats and shoes. Siger had disappeared into the house somewhere. 'Probably into the office to drink until forgets that his omega child bonded a commoner.' Sherlock thought sardonically, handing Addy over to John before his mother engulfed him in a suffocating hug. Her perfume was overpowering and her grip was almost threatening with how tight it was. "Mummy." He stated simply, making a face at her use of his first name. He quit using that name decades ago, preferring his first middle name. The older woman reminded John more of Sherlock, with her plush lips and darkened hair. But it was her eyes that really sold it, they were a myriad of colors, something John truly admired in his mate. But, where Sherlock's face was warm and inviting, this women's was cold and harsh, her eyes glinted more with greed then with love. Hard to believe her boys turned out like they did. No wonder Sherlock was so affection-starved.
The trainee's gaze turned to the open doorway, where DJ had stopped to speak privately to Beth. He shot John a smile when he caught him looking but John only bit his lip and glanced back to Sherlock. "You know it's against protocol. I can't." Sherlock mumbled something under his breath and frowned. 'I'm already in deep. Perhaps he'd sleep better...and I could get some sleep to.' John shook his head and smiled at Sherlock as he toed off his shoes and took off the doctor's coat he was required to wear. "Come here." The younger teen beamed up at John and rearranged his position until his was curled around John and listening to the young doctor's heartbeat. John's arm automatically curled around the younger boy's shoulders and his thumb circled soothingly on the cool skin that was exposed out of the hospital gown.
"You do not understand Ford, with your lack of relationships. John was just going to break his heart anyway. He'll be in a desert away from Sherlock, there's bound to be someone else to catch his eye." Myc stated calmly, despite the anger that raged across his eyes. It delved into a battle of wits as the brothers stared each other down. Words were pointless to exchange at the present, as each thought flashed in angry eyes and sneers.
"John, do you think we'll get the chance to really be together after all this?" Sherlock bit his lip and looked up at the doctor again. John linked their fingers together and nodded.
The only thing that had changed about Mycroft Holmes was the fat gathered around the edges of his middle. He still acted like a pompous arse and leaned almost gracefully against the damn umbrella his father had given him when he graduated from college. His presence still put John on edge, like he was going to have to defend himself or the defenceless boy lying next to him at any given moment.
The teenager looked up at John sadly and bit his lip. "They were so mean to me John. Always those nasty words, tripping in the hallways, acting like I was a walking disease. I didn't have any friends, and the pain from, well, this..." He indicated the pale scars covering his forearms, "helped me pretend that I wasn't alone. And then there was Victor and his friend that tried to rape me every time I was alone. I hated it there. The drugs helped me see you and I had friends when I was high, but it was never enough. When I tried to kill myself, it was because I'd gotten close to losing it altogether. Victor had cornered me in the science labs. A teacher interrupted him before he got further then sticking it in my mouth, but I was so afraid. I wanted my first time to be with someone I loved, and I realized you were the only person I'd ever loved, so I accepted the fate that I'd never be able to do that with you. But I didn't want to give Victor the satisfaction. And everything just became so hard." John frowned and ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair to soothe the teenager. How dare anyone ever touch his Sherlock. Victor sounded like a nasty piece of work.
"John?" Sherlock prompted, causing Addison to break into giggles and smiling gently as his mate. John smiled back, not having realized how he'd zoned out while making lunch. The pasta was ready, the sauce mixed and heated and John shook his head. It was strange how he could still do the easiest task when he retreated into his brain. Reminded him of the way Sherlock would retreat whenever he was overwhelmed or encased in casework. He'd gotten better about it since Addy...but John still came home and found his mate on the couch, seemingly asleep aside from the tell tale sign of his eyes moving rapidly. "Da! Da!" Addy demanded, huffing when John finally turned to slap a wet kiss her on her cheek. "Food." She demanded, looking up at Sherlock again. Her eyes became comically large as John didn't immediately move to the cabinet where they kept her carrots and apples when Sherlock wasn't breastfeeding her.
When they finally escaped the girls, Sherlock wrapped his hand firmly around John's  and walked contently the rest of the way across the now silently dorms. "Most kids are in class." John explained as they stepped into the alpha/omega wing. One room was blasting music to cover up the moans and groans, which made Sherlock crinkle his nose in annoyance. Their room was located on the second floor in branch B, number twenty-one. Sherlock laughed as he read the room name allowed.
One of the twins cleared his throat pointedly as the teenagers continued to stare at each other. They startled, and, with wide-eyes, turned to stare at Mycroft and Sherrinford. Sherlock's face was flushed a deep scarlet as he realized that his brothers had witnessed the incredible moment that should've stayed between the two of them. "It appears that you two will do well together. Here is your schedule. You have been granted special permission to room with young John here. I think you have figured out you are soul-bonded to him  now. Do you understand this Sherlock?"
John sunk in with once thrust, leaning over to capture his omega's lips at the same time, one hand finding it's way into Sherlock's raven locks and the other cupping the bump, feeling little kicks as the twins moved with excitement. "Move..." Sherlock panted, eyes wide and glancing up at his doctor with reverence. John smiled, dipped down for another kiss before back off and starting to pull out in a slow, over exaggerated pull of his hips. The thrust forward, however, was anything but gentle and slow as John set the pace for the morning, thankful he had thought to place pads behind the headboard to keep it from slamming against the wall and waking their daughter.
As lively as dinner could be at his childhood home, Sherlock was extremely grateful that he could use the excuse of being pregnant and uncomfortable to escape the table. His mother's snide comments and father's cold, calculating stare were enough to make Sherlock want to run away once more. He hated it here. He hated the memories the empty home brought back. He hated how, even decades after he gave up, some part of him still yearned for Mommy's approval. He wasn't surprised that John had been met with little else but cold contempt. After all, only the highest bred alpha's should have been Sherlock's mate. But he had ruined himself during his teen years and was a brash and fiercely independent child. He scared off the best and worst of the suitor pool. By the time he presented and was ready to be mated off, none of the high class alphas would look twice at the scrawny omega with a bad attitude.
"He has other patients. I promise I won't hurt you." The doctor soothed, standing back as Sherlock kicked at his blanket in a childish fashion. He would not stand some other doctor taking care of him when he knew a more capable one was just around the corner.
When the doctor felt close, he pulled back, smiling at Sherlock's disgruntled attempted to get back his treat. "I want to come inside you. I want to lock you to me so you always know who you belong to." Sherlock mewled, beyond talking at this stage in his arousal and reached out greedily to his alpha, his John. But the doctor wouldn't move closer until he was sure his mate was situated comfortably. After all, the man was carrying John;s children, the least the alpha could do was help keep him comfortable. When the pillow was stuffed under Sherlock's hips, relieving some of the pressure on his lower back from the twins, John grinned down at him and lined up, hands holding strong hips. He teased against the open hole, watching Sherlock's confused panting turn to frustration. "John!" He whined, hand reaching out for the alpha to pull him closer and inside all at once.
DJ walked in shortly after, still chuckling at a young nurse. John looked at him curiously. "Nothing to worry about John. Here, let me change those for you kid." DJ muttered kindly, moving closer to the bed and picking up one of Sherlock's wrist. The genius's eyes snapped back to the doctor and he watched the careful movements quietly. When the bandages had been changed and his wounds given a good once-over, DJ waved slightly and left the room, disappearing down the hall to the nurses station.
"You're an idiot Croft. Our brother was fine. It's essentially your fault that he's laying in that hospital bed right now. John, thank you for not holding this against him. I wish I could excuse Mycroft's behaviour, but it's not that easy." Ford turned his sunny smile on the teenager, ignoring his brother's sputtering.
"As you wish," John growled out, nipping possessively around their bond bite. Sherlock was gasping above him, shoving his stomach forward more so that John could cup and feel their child growing. John took this offer greedily, and glanced back at his omegas face with a soft smile, even as he felt the slick start to soak his thighs. "Bedroom?" The alpha asked his mate, kissing the dazed man lightly before pushing Sherlock to gently stand. "C'mon." He tugged and Sherlock followed, clinging to his mate and nosing at his neck with loving kitten licks. "Here we go gorgeous, let's get those clothes off yea?" Sherlock nodded eagerly, hands moving to tug his bottoms off in shaky, excited movements. John chuckled and shook his head, batting away his mates hands in order to pull of the bottoms off himself. "Cheeky." He smiled up at Sherlock and tapped his bum, loving that Sherlock hadn't been wearing any underwear. Sherlock gave a weak smile and then gasped as John carefully inserted a rough finger into his open and drenched hole.
"You really think so?" Sherlock asked timidly, making no move to step away from the alpha as he leaned closer.
Mycroft's voice drifted from the speakers, softly spoken as if he didn't want to wake his mate up. Sherlock reasoned that he probably didn't. "A trip to Mummy's?" John's eyes raised as he placed the phone on speaker and got back to buggering his omega properly. Sherlock yelped as he was jostled around, the phone balanced on his stomach. "Yes, she has requested all of our presence for Christmas." John grabbed at Sherlock's dick, tugging pleasantly. Sherlock bit back the groan and panted harshly, glaring at the challenge in his alpha's eyes and clenching tighter around the doctor in response. John's face screwed up as he held in his own moans. "Why?" Sherlock finally managed, hands reaching out to his mate and grabbing a fistful of that wonderful sandy hair.
Sherlock woke to the most delicious scent surrounding him and the strong embrace of his love. A war weathered hand was caressing his swell gently, and the voice of his mate was murmuring to their child. The omega purred in contentment and licked John's face in greeting. John chuckled and kissed him, hand stilling and folding over one of Sherlock's on the omega's stomach. "Good afternoon love." John whispered, leaning forward to kiss his mate again. Sherlock deepened the kiss, swiping his tongue over John's lips in a silent request for entry. John granted the entry, caressing Sherlock's tongue with his own and sucking delicately on the squirming muscle. The omega whined low in his throat when John pulled back, smiling and stroking his glossy curls. "I've missed you today." He commented. Sherlock nudged forward, greedy for John's touch.
"Don't do that. It's not your fault 'Lock. We knew there was a risk. I don't care. So long as you are mine, I absolutely do not care what happens." John whispered back fiercely, gently sitting up and hugging Sherlock to him once again. "I love you and nothing is going to change that."
"You've got to tell me this story some time." DJ whispered excitedly.
"Another time DJ." John yawns and snuggles closer to the teenager. "I'm too tired. Sherlock has worn me out today. Crazy bastard." His voice was nothing but fond and the two doctors smiled once more at him before quietly plunging the room into darkness and leaving their friend behind.
Sherlock's eyes widened as he felt a wave of sadness wash over him. "I'm sorry. I just deduced really." The omega's brow furrowed in deep thought as those words left his mouth. Where had that sadness come from anyway? He'd have to do research later. For now, he was set on becoming John's friend, especially if he was going to make a good room mate. "I can deduce your whole life just by looking at you." His cocky demeanour was back in place and a smirk appeared on the perfectly shaped, cupid's bow lips.
"I'm already getting clean! What more can he ask for?" Sherlock asked, exasperated.
This was the last thing the detective wanted to do with his lazy day. Or any day really. He never wanted to hear from his parents again, not after everything they put him through because he wasn't the prim and proper omega they wanted him to be. Or an alpha like his older brother. He left that life behind, purposely cut himself off from the family fortune and his rather large allowance because he didn't want the life they wanted for him. He didn't want to be a broodmare for some wealthy politician who would only pay attention to his children in public. He wanted a partner, an equal who would treat him no differently than they would any other alpha or beta they met.
--@--
"How good to see you Mummy." Mycroft drawled, even his tone sounded disinterested. John could detect the underlying nerves though, probably due to the pack link between the four men. Mummy's face lit up as she turned around, embracing her oldest with the same tightness she had embraced Sherlock with earlier, although she was far less stern with Mycroft. The older alpha's face remained closed off, his lips quirking into a smile that didn't reach his eyes. He hated that his parents played favorites. He wished he'd seen it as a kid and rescued Sherlock sooner. Perhaps then his brother might have had a healthier outlook on his person. But, he was young and only interested in advancing his own career. Sherlock had John now, and they were happy, Mycroft mused quietly as he took in his brother's little family.
"At this point John, I dunno really. I mean, we have almost six months to decide right? But...if I don't want to, will you be willing to share it with me?" The omega slithered down and curled next to the alpha, placing his curly head in John's lap. The alpha nodded and started to card his hand through Sherlock's thick curls. Sherlock murmured contently and felt himself being lolled to sleep. 'This is going to be a good school year,' he thought as he finally dropped off to sleep.
The omega took a moment to comprehend all that Mycroft implied as he spoke. He had learned about the soul-bond when he was a small child, of course he had. But now he was expected to understand that the ribbon had chosen the first alpha he'd come across outside his family. Sherlock was never lucky. In fact, he was hateful, rude and sarcastic. He doesn't possess qualities that would fit the omega stereotype. He nodded slowly, suddenly shy around the alpha. Mycroft nodded and left the office. Sherrinford flashed a winning smile and waved before jogging after his twin, looking over his shoulder every few meters.
Today was another one of those tedious, boring days that seemed to occupy every day at Uni for the teenager. He had only one class today, a Bio-chemistry class that proved to be less then useless in its knowledge but somehow kept Sherlock entertained enough to keep going. He'd been promised a lab today, with chemicals that could be explosive and prove vital to some research he was doing.
One of John's hands wandered across Sherlock's forearms, absently tracing the thin, dark scars. They were not ugly by any means, but the vast majority of the London population would cringe at the sight of them anyhow. To John, they symbolized the fight that Sherlock continues to go through, but he no longer needs to do such foolish actions, because he has John, and John will always love him, no matter what. That thought relaxes Sherlock and he sleepily hums in contentment before placing a sloppy kiss on John's chin. The older teen laughed and turned his head to connect with those lovely cupid bow lips before abruptly pulling back.
"What have you done to yourself baby brother?" Mycroft addressed Sherlock, staring down at the boy with a blank expression. Sherlock glared back at him fiercely. His hand had tightened around John's. The older boy brushed a few stray curls back and felt Sherlock relax next to him. There was apprehension in his blue/grey eyes as he continued to glare in his older brother's direction.
"Sorry man. But I need to change these bandages." DJ tried for a calm smile, even as he was met with a glare that could burn holes in the sun.
As if on cue, Addy's cries began to come through the baby monitor, breaking through the contented silence. "I'll get her, you go shower." Sherlock smiled at his mate gratefully and kissed him. John watched him go with a waggle of his eyebrows before he disappeared upstairs, voice already dropping into his overly sweet one he used just for his own daughter.
John...the golden-haired boy from seventh year. John Watson, the only boy in the world to think Sherlock's deductions were amazing, not freakish. When Sherlock found himself sleeping at night, he found himself dreaming of the golden-haired, ocean-eyed rugby player that introduced himself after a particularly bad run-in with the local bullies. John had charmed his way into Sherlock's cold heart and never relinquished it back. It physically hurt to move away from the boy. Sherlock missed him, missed those nights spent talking and those days spent together when they were allowed to be themselves. John kept Sherlock alive, made him happy. But John had been lost when Mycroft cut off all forms of communication with the only person Sherlock found a reason to live for.
John sighed as he continued to run his fingers through greasy strands. "That's part of the withdrawal system love." John responded, smiling down at the pouting boy.
They shared a companiable silence as they walked, only interrupted by John's naming of buildings or pointing out popular hang out spots with his pals. There was barely any room between the boys as they walked, with their hands brushing every few strides. Sherlock wanted to reach out and grasp John's hand, proudly display that this alpha was taken, but was unsure of what John would want. He wasn't even sure if one kiss and a soul-bond counted as dating in the alpha's eyes.
He was thankful then for the silk, long-sleeved T-shirts he wore when not alone in his room, because the thought of the others finding out about his shameful habit was too much. They'd never cease in their insults if they'd found out about what 'Freak' did in his room when he was feeling upset.
John murmured quietly to his mate, drawing the attention to himself and nuzzling against the omega's neck and caressing the growing swell of their twins. Sherlock preened under the attention and nuzzled back, hand linking with that of John's over their children and just listening to the soothing voice as they drove closer to his childhood nightmare.
"You should quit being jealous brother dear." Sherlock spoke up, his voice rough from disuse and emotions. Mycroft blinked owlishly at his younger brother. A commotion down the hall kept the man from answering. Their older brother, Sherrinford Russet Holmes burst into the room, looking frantic and worse for wear. His sight immediately zeroed in on his youngest brother, noting the way he curled around the body that sat on the bed with him. His eyes traced the hands gently soothing the young boy up to the kind face of John Watson, someone Ford had grown to love as a brother in the short year he'd known him. Ford had disapproved with his younger brother's meddling in Sherlock's love life, especially as it was so obvious how much the two teenagers loved each other.
"John, you need to go back to that addicts room. He's reduced five nurses to tears and almost forced three doctors to quick. Man does that kid have a silver tongue." DJ commented dryly as he exited the elevator. John turned from his position at the nurses station and sighed.
Sherlock chuckled and kissed her cheek, eyes soft and warm and John grinned broadly at his family. His precious little family that he was almost afraid would never happen. He was so incredibly happy in the moment though. So happy that his life turned out this way, even after all they had to go through to get here. "Here you are little one." John murmured as he set her food down and took her from Sherlock, blowing a raspberry on a soft, cherubic cheek. Addy giggled and pushed her father away clumsily, eyes bright with mischief. The omega watched his mate fondly, hand resting on his slight bump and posture slouched in relaxation. John giggled with his daughter, waving the small spoon around her face and pulling it back when she reached forward impatiently. Sherlock's signature pout made it's way onto her adorable face, eyes wide and watery as John continued to play airplane with the food she desperately wanted. "She's definitely got your impatient attitude 'Lock." John murmured as he finally relented and gave her a bite.
The bed in the suite was just as comfortable as Sherlock would imagine it should be, but it did not ease the ache in his heart. The twins kicked away uneasily, this little bodies stretching the skin of his belly every so often like little parasites getting ready to burst through their host. Sherlock once again mused, much like he had often during his first pregnancy, how that wasn't so inaccurate a description of children. The fetus was little more than a parasite, unable to survive outside it's host body, in this case their mother, until at least twenty-four to twenty-five weeks. Even then, it's definitely safer for the little ones to continue to survive inside their mother until as close to the due date as possible, to give them the best chance at life of course. John wasn't appreciative of Sherlock's thoughts when he was pregnant with Addy, regardless of how true it was but the detective couldn't stop the way he thought. He loved his little parasites, a mutually beneficial arrangement in the end.
Somewhere nearby, a phone came to life, it's ringing interrupting the grunts and moans of pleasure. John, while at first annoyed, started to grin and stopped, buried within his mate's tight heat, to grab the phone. Sherlock's eyes went wide with both nervous excitement and arousal. He wasn't sure who was on the phone, but he thought maybe he had seen Mycroft's name flash by as John's hand retreated to his ear, grinning maniacally as he gave a small thrust. "Good morning." John practically sang as Sherlock clenched his inner muscles. John slapped Sherlock's thigh in cheeky reprimand. Sherlock grinned back innocently.
Sherlock watched John go with a frown and instantly felt cold and lonely. It was like the young doctor had taken the sunshine out of his life as he walked away to tend to other patients. Instantly, the teen hated it. He hated that John was kept from him once again because of other people. He was also afraid. Afraid that his brother would find a way to break off the contact he had been granted with John by weird chance.
"In." The command left no room for argument and the Holmes brothers looked at John with something close to fear as John shut the door behind them. His glare was fierce and his voice had turned cold, a contrast to the tone he'd used in Sherlock's room not five minutes ago. He almost looked comically small standing next to the taller men, but somehow he he seemed scarier. "I don't know what your problem is Mycroft. You risked your brothers happiness to keep him safe? More like to keep him under your thumb. Sherlock was the most important person in my life." John hissed, turning his icy blue eyes on the twenty-five-year-old.
--@--
John smiled at his omega sadly and gave him a gentle kiss. "I feel the same love, but we should get this over with. They won't let us be until we do." The detective nodded, turning around to head down the stairs, Addy still held securely against his body. He really didn't want his pup around these people. But what choice did he have? He knew what his sire was capable of, and he didn't want his family to be put in danger just because he disrespected his former pack alpha. His daughter clapped her hands as they headed down, babbling happily and accepting a loving kiss from Gamma Hudson. "Bye!" She waved cheerfully, causing her parents to chuckle. She was such a happy baby, Sherlock was lucky to call her his.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at Mary's 'subtlety' and watched John work with a neutral expression. John smiled at him uneasily and slid the needle out, tapping the vials and studying the blood for a few minutes. The younger teen watched him work with more interest, but his bright look vanished as Mary leaned in closer to whisper in John's ear. He sullenly glared at the nurse, once again wanting to reach out and grab /his/ John out of her grasp. And John was his, unless the older teen wanted otherwise. But Sherlock wasn't willing to let go of him so easily. He had so easily wanted to throw his life away because he didn't see a point without John by his side.
"John, you're suppose to be professional with all patients." The nurse, Mary, commented, watching John's hand with a veiled expression. Sherlock turned his brilliant eyes to focus on the nurse and sighed. He had noted that the nurse had left briefly, but it seemed she would not leave John that easily.
Greg shifted on his feet, trying to glance around the room without moving from behind Mycroft. His stomach was barely swelling, compared to Sherlock's bump, despite being roughly on the same schedule baby wise. But he still didn't feel comfortable parading into the room that was still so tense. Sherlock was nodding at his brother and Lestrade, one arm securing Addy to him while the other soothes his stomach. Greg was really, really glad he wasn't having twins. John's smile was easy, arm slung around his mate's waist and resting his hand over the far curve. His muscles were tensed for a fight. Mummy was glancing behind her son now, eyeing Greg with a look of curiosity. 'I bet all she gave John was hostility.' Greg sighed, smiling for his mother-in-law. "Greg Lestrade-Holmes. Pleased to meet you!" His hands were covered in cuts and bruises from the most recent scrap with a thief, causing an unknown, judging look to be cast at his alpha. Mycroft rolled his eyes behind her back.
--@--
"What do you want Mycroft? I've got this well underhand. Sherlock is sorry for what he did, and he's no longer a child you can coddle and tell when to jump. In fact, it's your fault that he's in this bed." John commented off-handedly, rubbing circles into Sherlock's hand with his thumb. Sherlock made a humming noise of affirmation and curled closer towards John as Mycroft approached the bed.
"Jesus 'Lock. What happened to you?" Sherlock pushed into the touch and looked down again, wanting nothing more then to reach out and return the touch but knowing it would not be good for the deep cuts that were tightly bandaged on his wrist. John smiled knowingly at him and grabbed one of his hands to interlock their fingers. Sherlock gazed up at John with a look that the doctor could not describe and suddenly they're the only two in the room. The beeping of the heart monitor is dropped into the background and even the presence of another human body is forgotten about as John looks over his long lost love.
Not for the first time, the young medical student found his mind wandering towards his last year in secondary school. It was a year worth remembering in John's opinion. One person in particular made it all worth it. A tall, curly haired boy with pale skin and lanky limbs that had a smile that could kill. He wore ridiculous suits and that black coat that somehow made him look taller. His name sometimes slips from John's mind, elusive like it's owner at times. But today, well, today he could remember him clearly. If John was being honest with himself, all his failed relationships after that mysterious boy failed because John Watson was never going to get over him.
"I'm very much aware, but he wasn't going to sleep soundly any other way. Plus, my shift ended ten minutes ago." John whispered, watching the other two trainees.
"Mycroft. Why is your omega bruised?" Her voice was overly sweet, grating on the nerves of the alphas in the room. Sherlock's eyes were strained around the edges as he watched his mom glare at his older brother. In all his years, Sherlock had never seen his mum get angry at his older brother, even when she knew that it was his fault and not Sherlock's. She had always unleashed her anger on the younger sibling. Mycroft sighed and pulled Lestrade closer. "He is a Detective Inspector with Scotland Yard, Mummy. Bruises are the least of my worries in his line of work."
I am so so sorry that I took forever with this chapter! I've been having writers' block, and then I just recently started college (TARLETON STATE!) SO you can imagine. I don't think this is one of my greater chapters, but I tried. Again, sorry y'all had to wait so long and thank you for your lovely comments, it's helped get me thinking again.
"Calm down." John soothed, brushing black curls from Sherlock's pale face.
"Fine." The older alpha grumbled, eyes narrowed into silver slits as he stared at the three. "I suppose you'll do. Sherlock, your mother wants you three to come with me. She'd like to see you and our grandchild before the party starts tomorrow. Pack whatever you need to. I'll be downstairs." The blatant disregard to the alpha of the house was a slap to the face for John, who snarled low in his throat. He could completely understand why Sherlock cut all ties with the man now, and why the detective seemed so afraid to go anywhere that man was. John didn't feel comfortable allowing Sherlock to be near the man, no matter the family connection. Siger Holmes was the worst sort of alpha, one who ruled on greed and power and who cared nothing for his offspring.
"Afghanistan. How did you know?" John asked softly, glancing down at the plush carpet. He'd lost his father a year ago when he went off to serve his final tour in Afghanistan. A bullet shot straight through his brain as he tried to help one of his fellow soldiers. John looked up to his alpha father, though he adored his omega dad. His father was everything John had envisioned to be in the future. He had been a caring and kind alpha who had so deeply loved his omega. Their bond was strong, though they were only able to attain two children. It nearly killed John's dad when his alpha had been shot and killed.
John hefted both bags over his shoulder as he returned, kissing his daughter on the cheek and his mate gently, communicating everything he couldn't say out loud. He loved Sherlock so much and he wished there was something he could do to help his mate. Instead, he was stuck and helpless as his mate was forced back to the life he had run away from and to deal with a man he thought had disowned him years ago. Why they had decided to invite him back this year, he wasn't sure, but he knew it couldn't be any good.
"It was the only way to make Uni bearable...and the only way I could see you again. The drugs allowed me to hallucinate and pretend that you weren't God-knows-where probably moved on from me." Sherlock's lower lip trembled and he hid his face from the older teen.
Sherlock sighed through his nose and he tried to force himself to swallow John's cock. His eyes closed of their own accord and as he concentrated, hearing John's breathy gasp and moan as he continued to thrust into Sherlock's throat. Sherlock loved having a cock in his mouth, loved the feeling of satin soft skin filling every available inch of space and then some. He loved the taste of John as well, the cum that allowed him to conceive Addy and now the twins was the greatest liquid ever invented. John's hand gently wrapped around Sherlock's delicate neck as the detective buried his nose in the blonde pubic hairs. "I can feel it." John groaned, thrusting slightly harder, enjoying the spit and precum leaking out the sides of the tight seal Sherlock tried to form.
A voice calling out in the hall interrupted whatever Mycroft was going to reply with and John sighed as he realized that Sherlock had probably woken up. Someone stuck their head into the examination room with a sheepish grin. "John, your charge is at it again." DJ commented, casting a look towards the other two Holmes boys. "Why is he so calm around you?"
Still, Sherlock found himself alone in the big world that had seemed so fascinating to him as a child. People rarely talked to him outside of the drugs. Some gave him mistrustful glares and avoided him entirely when caught walking next to him on the side walk. The teen was a walking freak show to the others. He might as well have tattooed 'avoid at all cost' to his forehead with the amount of kids that did just that. It was the worst feeling in the world, that feeling of emptiness, loneliness that not even the drugs could fill. He found himself looking at the razor he kept nearby, resting on the sink in his dorm bathroom. In time, that razor would mean much more the a passing fancy. He felt alive when the blood flowed down his arms. Sherlock felt the faint stirrings of something returning to the emotionless being he had become in the short months he'd been at Uni.
As soon as they reached the lobby, Ford rounded on his brother, sticking a finger in his slightly pudgy chest. "Don't you dare try to separate those two again! That little, 'It will save him in the long run,' was bullshit! Look at where that has landed him. Sherlock needs John. He doesn't need you." Ford sneered, almost growling with the intensity of his words. Mycroft stepped back from his brother's crowding and stood to his full height.
The inside of the school was what one would consider posh. It was an elegant Victorian structure that had undergone renovation to modernize the inside, though left the timeless outside to be repainted every year. Deep, plush carpet lined every hallway, muffled footsteps and it wouldn't have surprised Sherlock if it helped to soundproof voices as well. It was a dark blue, one of the omegas favourite colours. The hallway was lined with ancient portraits done of monarchs and queens, headmistresses of a school old enough to have been the teaching of the Holmes family six generations back. Their facial features were arranged into harsh, unforgiving glares that made the omega frown as he past them. Most of the commanders, as Sherlock called them, for the school were alpha women, who ruled with iron fist. He read the history behind the ancient school, and was displeased to find the scandal of the latest headmistress who had raped her omega students during their heats. But his heart was set on learning some of the best knowledge in the country, so Sherlock figured the statistics of that happening with Headmistress Hunt was a very low probability.
"If it wasn't for Addy, I would." A baritone voice spoke softly, almost like Sherlock was reading John's mind. John smiled down at his mate and gave him a gentle peck in greeting. "Hello to you too." The genius chuckled, startling the little girl resting on his chest. Her face immediately screwed up in discontent, eyes watering and mouth twisting into a displeased frown. John picked the infant up in his arms and rocked her gently, allowing her to imprint on his scent. She calmed immediately, gurgling to let her parents know how pleased she was with this turn of events.
The omega moaned as he felt his mates massive erection at his dripping entrance. John wasn't being his usual, gentle self, but Sherlock couldn't find it in himself to complain, even as his mate shoved that hard extremity into his entrance and buried himself all the way in in one thrust, making the omega cry out in surprise and some pain. It seemed there was still a bit of his mate inside the overwhelming instincts as John paused and nuzzled Sherlock gently. Sherlock whined and twisted his head around to catch John's lips, gasping as his mate started a punishing pace. Each thrust hit the omega's prostate, making him arch his back and keen in pleasure. Sherlock wasn't getting the stimulation to the erection hanging low and hitting his belly, but he believed he'd be able to come just like this, made to take his mate's massive cock over and over until he was trembling from over-stimulation.
Sherrinford Holmes had always been particularly protective of his youngest brother. Mycroft was only a couple years younger than himself, but Sherlock had the age gap of nine years between them. He was the baby of the family, the surprise to Mum and Dad when the other two were younger. Of course, it never reduced how much the family cared for the curly-haired genius running around the estate.
--@--
John licked the exposed skin, his thrust getting harder until he sunk his teeth into the bondbite and shoved his hips forward, effectively piercing Sherlock and flooding his omega. Sherlock screamed around the knot and released again into the sand of the Thames. He felt sore, wrung out, having not really been as sexually active while healing from Addy and taking care of his baby girl. He whimpered as John moved them, turning on his side and cradle his omega against himself. "'M sorry love." He sighed, licking the bondbite to collect the blood that had beaded around the newer marks. Sherlock relaxed against his mate, enjoying the loving actions after the rough mating. He rubbed his stomach thoughtfully and turned his head slightly to kiss John's jaw.
"Your brother cannot keep you from me forever, and you're too stubborn to listen to him. Maybe Ford could help?" John sat on the edge of the bed as he spoke, being mindful not to actually sit on Sherlock. His eyes strayed to the picture their hands made and he smiled with genuine happiness at the sight.
Sherlock leaned down to lock his lips with John's once again, smiling at the older teen as they broke apart. "I'm going to move in with Ford for now. I don't think it's safe back at the dorms." John nodded with him and gave him a weak smile. "Will you come with me to pack up my stuff?" Sherlock asked shyly. He leaned down to nuzzle into John's neck, his favorite spot apparently, and awaited the answer with dread. He needed someone with him when he went back, he didn't trust Victor, but putting John in his pathway was a very dangerous thing to do.
The other Holmes just stared out the door to Sherlock's room where the doctor from before was discussing something with a colleague. "He's going to break Sherlock's heart. A man like John has ample offers when it comes to romantic relationships. He'll get annoyed and maybe a bit angry at Sherlock's irrational behaviour Or maybe he'll just find someone better who doesn't constantly put themselves in danger." The government worker was calm in his explanation to his older brother. When John had left, his temper had left him altogether and now he felt drained and exhausted.
The medical student walked wearily to the room and gasped in surprise. A man with black, spiky hair was sitting next to the bed, giving a critical once over to the body laying there. But it was not the bandages on the wrists or even the man that gave John pause. He faintly heard his clipboard slip from his grasp and clatter to the floor nosily, which made the man look up to glare at him. John's eyes stayed firmly on the face that he knew so well. That face that he dreamed about at night and once believed he'd never see again. Blue/grey eyes opened to meet John's own and the young doctor felt his eyes well up with tears.
The younger Holmes turned to the blonde boy and studied him intensely. "Do you still love my brother?" John turned towards Mycroft and raised an eyebrow, considering what he had just told him.
"You came up with the idea." The omega protested, his cheeks reddening. Compliments were something he still wasn't quite used to. John shook his head but did not argue, laying down on his mate carefully and stroking through slightly damp curls. "I love you Sherlock." It was a sentiment rarely expressed before their daughter, neither man really knowing how to express their feelings in a way that accurately portrayed what they meant. Sherlock nudged up and kissed him, sweet and closed mouth, enjoying the closeness as the knot slowly receded.
"I dunno, why would you do something so stupid to land you in the hospital in the first place?" John raised an eyebrow. The younger teen muttered something and looked down, ashamed. "Sherlock, look at me." When grey met blue, John smiled at him and continued wrapping his wrist. "I don't blame you, but honestly, you can't keep doing this. And I'm not sure I completely understand why you did it either."
"I finished college, got a degree. I'm living in London now. Pretty close to your campus apparently. I tried to find you, but Myc wouldn't tell me where you were and, of course, our parents are of no use." Ford waved his hand vaguely. "I'm still pretty pissed at Myc anyhow. I can't believe he did that to you and John."
Sherlock walked into the living room, hair still damp from his shower and just a set of pajama bottoms on in order to appear somewhat appropriate, to his mate walking their daughter around the room. John was giving her the grand tour of the place, as they often did to entertain her. She giggled and clapped her hands together, eyes wide as they roamed around the messy living area. "Ma!" Her voice brightened considerably as she spotted Sherlock standing there, watching them. She reached out, making grabby motions towards her mother. John glanced over and smiled at Sherlock, hefting their daughter just that little bit and handing her over as Sherlock neared. Addy clumsily reached out to pat Sherlock's cheek and started to babble. It was almost astounding that she could say the words she could at her age, roughly ten months old. Sherlock cuddled the girl closer and kissed her forehead.
John then turned to the omega, who bounced on his bed with a gleeful expression. "Sherlock. Do you...are you wanting to spend your first heat alone?" John bit his lip as he sat down on the floor next to his bed, gazing up at the omega. The alpha wouldn't mind of course. He would never push Sherlock into doing something he wasn't ready for, but he was curious. Sherlock looked back at him and shrugged.
John Watson faced a dilemma as he stared down at the omega. He was falling for Sherlock Holmes, in just a matter of minutes. He knew, deep in his heart where a bond would form, had formed, that he had already soul-bonded with the omega. That, however, could be kept strictly platonic. Nobody said it had to be a romantic bond, there were plenty of soul-bonds throughout history that remained friends instead of bonding together in a different way entirely.
"Watson! Possible OD patient on level five, room three. They put you on rotation. We already took some samples, but he needs to be watched over." DJ Davis stuck his head into John's little office and smiled at him. "Also, the person who brought him in thinks he tried to commit suicide. Beth is in there at the moment." DJ was a kind man, with light brown hair and a freckled complexion. He was handsome in an awkward sort of way, all limbs with hardly any bone. John nodded to him with a small smile and stretched before heading to the fifth level to check on the alleged suicidal patient.
"So, what do you want to know?" John asked wearily.
--@--
"Fuck off Victor!" Sherlock growled out, jerking out of the older boy's hold and racing down the campus, only stopping when he reached the steps to the chemistry labs. Victor had a funny way of letting his customers pay for the drugs he supplied. Never once did Sherlock want to take this payment type, because, really, why would he? Victor took pleasure, never gave, and the act itself was repulsive. But that didn't stop the older boy from taking what he wanted from Sherlock, on multiple occasions.
Sherlock glanced at his alpha, watching as the man gently packed Addy's toys in her bag and double checked she had enough nappies and food. He was the best case scenario for Sherlock. A kind and loving alpha who adored his offspring as much as he adored his mate. He spoiled Sherlock with affection and love, like Sherlock was one of the rare wonders of the world. Sometimes, when John thinks he's not looking, Sherlock catches his mate staring at him in awe and bewilderment. Why he felt so unimportant, Sherlock didn't understand. The omega was the lucky one. He managed to mate not only a doctor, but a captain in the army. His mate was kind and tough, loving and stern when needed and never treated Sherlock like anything less than a person just because Sherlock gives birth to their children. In fact, his alpha treats him like royalty, as if he is something to worship because he can give birth to John's children.
"'Lock, lie back and let me change these bandages. You've let them reopen." John pushed on his friend's shoulder gently. "So it was your brother that cut off all communications for us? Why?" John worked melticiously, wincing as the deep gash was revealed.
Mary continued to stare on in silence, trying to wrap her head around the idea that John could possibly be gay, and in a relationship with a suicidal patient. "What is going on?" She finally demanded, stepping further in the room and shutting the door behind her. She crossed her arms and glared at the two boys, standing over them to try to intimidate them. Sherlock adopted a bored look and flopped back in the small bed, keeping a hold of John's hand in order to ground himself.
John smiled at him and pecked his cheek. "Perfect amount of time to get to know one another better yea?" Sherlock giggled and nodded, feeling very unlike himself in that moment. He couldn't be arsed to care any more however. John made him feel happy, content, and that's all that mattered when he was around the alpha. It was all weird to him, these feelings, but it was something he could get used to so long as John Watson stuck around.
--@--
"Sherlock Holmes. I think we'll get along nicely John." And the omega surprised himself as he took the tan hand and smiled back at the alpha. Already there was a connection between the two, but as soon as their skin touched one-on-one, a bright light flashed in their minds and the soul-bond had been completed. Sherlock frowned for a moment as he contemplated what had happened. His brothers were snickering to themselves in the background, silently applauding Sherlock as they watched the ribbon flare to life for a heartbeat as it wrapped itself around John's hand and Sherlock's own. There was no doubt in either alpha's mind that this was the alpha meant for their little brother.
"What hurts Lockie?" John replied softly, running a hand through his fringe.
"Sherlock?" A quiet knock and the sweet scent that was all John floated to Sherlock as he stared at the ceiling, one hand caressing his twins and the other loosely clenched in the bed sheets. The detective quietly sat up, staring at John as the man approached, their exhausted daughter cradled in his arms securely. She looked like a little angel, thumb in mouth and face relaxed in sleep. Sherlock never wanted to cause her any pain, or make her think she was less then she was. He didn't understand how his parents could treat him so callously. His children were his entire world. Well, them and the handsome alpha currently smiling sadly at him. Sherlock smiled gently up at his mate, a small thing in comparison to the larger grins they share at Baker Street, but a smile nonetheless to help reassure the doctor.
"Ah, my name is John Watson. I suppose I'll be your guide." The alpha stuck a tanned hand out, which indicated to Sherlock that the boy was always outside participating in some game or another. The omega studied the boy critically and cocked his head at the deduction that sprang forth from his well-developed mind.
Ford chuckles as John walks back in, the nurse trailing hopelessly after him. "What's so funny Ford?" John asks, winking at Sherlock as he picks up one of his arms. Sherlock winced as an IV drip is carefully taken out and his cuts unwrapped. "Healing nicely. You may be out of here by tomorrow. So long as you can promise me you won't reopen them."
John Watson had always fancied himself a popular bloke. There was never a shortage of friends around him, even when some were fickle. He couldn't say that he had any real friends, well, aside from Bill Murray and Mike Stamford. But even they were not close to him in terms of being friends. John wasn't any good at keeping friends due to his more recluse nature. Not to mention the fact that he was heading to the army put a lot of people off from getting to know him.
"She fell asleep about thirty-five minutes before you got here." His omega whispered, also watching Addison, expression soft and unguarded. "Mrs. Hudson held her today." He added in, glancing at his mate to watch his reaction. It wouldn't really be a problem, as Mrs. Hudson was a beta, and the grandmother to their child (in all but blood really) but both parents had restricted the amount of contact their daughter had with people outside the pack, which only consisted of Mycroft and Lestrade at the moment.
After brewing his tea, John moved to sit in his arm chair, content to watch his mate nap for a while. He appreciated the smooth curve of Sherlock's body, the slight stretch of the once flat stomach. His mate was gorgeous, especially with their child stretching him out. Really, Sherlock looked gorgeous no matter what he looked like. Sherlock was just a gorgeous man that happened to belong to John, something he was innately proud of. Any alpha would be lucky to have a mate like his. So smart, loving and hardworking, despite the air he gives off to the rest of the world.
"She says she is tired of the distance and wishes to properly meet the mates of her sons'. She is also aware of Addison although I'm not sure how that came to be." Mycroft sounded irritated. There was a reason the boys hadn't talked to Mummy in years, and a reason they had never mentioned Sherlock's young daughter, impending twins and Mycroft's own soon to be son. John picked up the pace, letting out a harsh moan. "Did I interrupt something?" Mycroft asked dryly, causing the two to snicker. "JOHN." Sherlock was taken completely by surprise on his orgasm and shouted out his mate's name as he painted the bottom swell of his stomach with his own release. John moaned a quiet, reverent 'Sherlock' as he stilled inside his mate, knot swelling slightly to lock the two of them together.
"You're telling me. You left me with 'Croft for a whole year. Where have you been?" Suddenly the seventeen-year-old felt younger, more vulnerable, just like the first time Sherrinford had left the family home. It's not that the youngest Holmes blamed his older brother. After all, their parents weren't the best and Ford was just trying to make a life for himself. But he'd been left with only Mycroft for company after school, and it was already bad enough when he went to school.
Addy bounced impatiently in the arms of her mother and glanced between her parents. "Go!" She giggled at her own joke and both alpha and omega moved in to kiss her rosy cheeks. She giggled again and basked in the attention.
"I'm sorry, what?"
"Oh for fuck's sake." John growled as he exited Sherlock's room, glaring at the two brothers. The young trainee had left Sherlock sleeping peacefully, and fully intended to return after getting something to drink from the staff's lounge. Instead he had walked straight into world war three between the oldest Holmes in the lobby of the hospital. Patients of all sorts were staring at them, doe-eyed and apprehensive. John grabbed each brother by the ear and dragged them to one of the examination rooms, muttering under his breath about incompetent brothers and suicidal teenagers.
When John arrived at the flat, he was met with a very unusual sight. Sherlock was curled on the couch, sleeping peacefully. His hands cradled their child in a protective embrace. This alone was not weird. John was used to his mate passing out on the couch, falling asleep in the midst of roaming his mind palace or waiting for John to return home. What was unusual were the tear tracks painting his pale cheeks. John stroked his mates hair and frowned at him, wiping a few stray tears. Sherlock smiled in his sleep and purred, pushing back against the contact. John dropped a kiss to his beautiful omegas face before moving to the kitchen to make tea. Sherlock whined, but quickly fell back asleep, hands still curled around his swell.
Sherlock glanced at his alpha and nodded at him, smiling when John resigned and nodded back. "We'll be there just as soon as Mycroft gets here." The omega declared, standing up to change out of his bathrobe and silk bottoms. Lestrade nodded and left. John reclined back in his armchair to wait on his mate and their pack leader, knowing it would not be long until the older alpha appeared in their flat.
"It could be anywhere between tomorrow and a few months Lock. But, let me take some blood and maybe that will give us a clue." Sherlock nodded and regally offered his arm, letting his eyes drift shut as John worked in silence.
--@--
Sherlock hiccuped and glanced away from his alpha as he quietly told John what was wrong. John laughed gently and tugged Sherlock closer to him, kissing him with a passion that belied his gentleness. "I will never think of you as anything but gorgeous my love." John said confidently, loving the way Sherlock's face turned red at the endearment. "In fact, I'm finding you pretty damn fuckable right now. Just so tempting and delicious looking, my dear, handsome darling." Sherlock flushed an even darker red, but his pupils blew wide with intense arousal.
John glanced at his mate with a curious expression. "How did Addy take it?" A newborn would either reject or accept a beta's scent, as they didn't really have one.
The two teenagers continued staring at one another as the older two brothers discussed schedules, room assignments and classes for the omega. They managed to secure Sherlock a room with young John, though it was normally against school policy unless the two were intended bonds or siblings. Neither of the teens listened to the headmistress argue with Mycroft and barely heard that they were to room together in the omega/alpha wing of the omega dormitories.
"Now why would I do something so stupid John?" Sherlock asked dryly, watching with interest as they unhooked the other machines.
"John, how did they die?" The omega asked, indicating the three bodies in front of them with a careless wave, eyes fixed on John's face. John bent down to study each corpse, frowning and tutting at various bruises. The smell underneath Thames and rotting flesh indicated they had been of the omega genders, two females and a male. John couldn't hear any water in the lungs, but their throat was swollen shut.
Sherlock loved John's cock. Had since the first night it had tied them together, allowing the bond, and the many times after. John never failed to give his mate pleasure with his magnificent organ. Sherlock especially loved his mate's cock when it had fucked their child into him, forced him to conceive as he was stuck to his mate. Sherlock was so happy to be having John's child, even if he did feel fat and useless. Their child would be brilliant and lovely, and he couldn't wait to meet them. "That's lovely Sher..." John moaned, thrusting into the warm, wet heat in tiny increments. Sherlock hummed around the prick in his mouth and gladly excepted his mates thrust, rubbing his tongue underneath the head and along the sensitive nerve endings in order for further his pleasure. John shuddered at the sight of Sherlock surrendering what little control he had and thrusted deeper into that delicious mouth, watching perfect, cupid bow lips stretch around him and feeling that tongue wiggle against his nerves. He could feel his orgasm rising as he fucked his mates face and regrettably pulled Sherlock off him in order to pull and prod his mate onto the bed.
"Good afternoon Mycroft."
But Sherlock remembered there was one in particular, who was bouncing the football between his knees with ease, that watched the boy walk through the gates with only curiosity alighting his features. His hair was golden in the morning sun and his eyes burned a bright blue. Sherlock felt like he could fall into those curious orbs and never find his way out. It was a very odd feeling deep in his chest. But the omega didn't have time to contemplate the feeling or notice the ribbon stretching out to the young alpha, because his older brothers were already pushing him into the offices to meet the headmistress.
The younger teen nodded and watched John walk out of the room, leaving Ford sitting in his seat and quietly discussing something with the nurse. He looked back once more and gave Sherlock a small, reassuring smile before heading to the elevator. Sherlock followed his advice and dropped off to sleep with a smile gracing his face and his brother reading a rather complicated book out loud to him.
"Everything."
The second wrist suffered the same cut and Sherlock felt himself start to collapse. His brain was swimming with warmth and happiness. Memories of how John looked in the sun floating to him as his blood stained the tiled floors. Distantly he could hear someone pounding on his door, and then a voice breathing in his ear. His name came like a mantra off of Victor's lips as he was carried away, head lolling back and forth with the movement. He finally felt himself slip into unconsciousness and prayed he would never wake up from it.
"During the beginning of time, long before man conquered the planet, six beings were created. There were three men and women, all of different secondary genders. A higher power placed on this Earth a beta pair, a male and female alpha, and a male and female omega. The last four were able to chose who they wanted as their mate. They lived for many centuries, each omega birthing several pups for their alphas and the female beta bearing her mates children with few success rates. Eventually, as the original couples grew older, they noticed something peculiar about their children and their mates. Each of their omega children described a ribbon wrapping itself around their heart and reaching out to lead the pup to their true mate, the one they later recalled to be perfect. They called this the soul-searching ribbon. With each successful litter, less omegas described the soul-searching ribbon in relation to themselves. The theory the parents of these pups built was one that not everyone was born with a perfect mate.
"Didn't he just move here though?" Sarah asked incredulously. She couldn't believe John would go for a lanky omega kid when he had his pick of anybody in school. John wasn't just Mr. Popular, he was the most attractive alpha in school, with the best scent in the world. He's also one of the most gentlemanly alphas. Everyone knew that John had never taken an omega, had been forced into a blowjob by an older alpha that was immediately expelled and had only dated one person. But he had chosen a lanky kid with a creepy stare to call his omega, as if they were an old bonded couple. She shook her head and turned to Mary, kissing her temple as she noticed the distressed look on the omegas face.
"But why poison the goods?" Lestrade asked, scratching his head.
The two arrived at the crime scene in just ten minutes. While Sherlock set out to begin his work, John forked over his cash to the cabbie, slamming the door and glancing towards his mate with an amused smile. The omega was flapping around, snapping deductions every which way and startling the new recruits on the team. Anderson huffed in irriation as the genius took over the crime scene, slinking to join his girlfriend at the edge of the tape. John noticed with a frown one of the new recruits was eyeing Sherlock. The other alpha couldn't have been more then twenty-five, but he still had no right to look at /his/ omega like that. John shook off his feelings of rage and went to join his genius as Sherlock called his name, smiling at him and listening as he started to fire off ideas.
John glanced up at his omega as he packed the last of the bags to find the detective gazing at him with a small, fond smile. It didn't hid the panic in his gaze, but the smile was real nonetheless. He could see a thousand thoughts flying by in those ever-changing irises and wondered which ones were making him look to his alpha so fondly. "I love you Sherlock." John's voice was low, a rumble in the back of his throat that carried over the short distance to his mate and daughter. Sherlock blushed, a beautiful thing to see on those pale cheekbones, even after all these years, and smiled even more. "As I love you John."
"Sherlock." One word, barely spoken, but Sherlock sighed again and relaxed back into his hospital bed, keeping his mouth shut. It was a sign of how much John knew Sherlock to be able to tell when Sherlock was about to spew a whole paragraph's of deductions. It could also be noted that Sherlock listened to John because he knew John was a good judge of character and perhaps his deductions would land him further time in the hospital. "Sleep, you need it. Don't you go arguing either. You won't heal unless you take care of yourself. It might make that itching better too." John pointed out and Sherlock startled. His right hand was scratching insistently at his left elbow and the cravings were back.
"John." The posh voice greeted. John rolled his eyes but stood up and bowed slightly to his pack alpha. "And where, pray tell, is my niece?" The older Holmes asked, glancing around and not finding the little girl or her mother.
"How do you know the patient? Why are you so familiar with him?" DJ jumped right in, wagging his eyebrows in exaggerated motions.
--@--
Sherlock nudged his alpha as John climbed onto the bed with him, hands restlessly moving across Sherlock's belly and feeling the firmness of their child growing within him. John dropped a kiss to that swollen belly and smiled as he moved further up the bed, catching Sherlock's lips in a slow kiss. "I love you so much, both of you." John smiled at him, stroking the side of his mate's face and leaning down to kiss Sherlock again. Sherlock's eyes softened from their lust and he leaned up to nuzzle John before kissing him deeply.
Sherlock glanced over at Greg, who was busy calling someone, probably Mycroft to get Addy away from the flat for a few hours. As soon as John's knot went down and he slipped out, the couple was up and rearranging their clothes, keeping close together as they rushed to the black car waiting for them. Knowing the urgency with which his brother-in-law and his friend needed to get home, Greg didn't try to stop them. He waved as John bundled Sherlock into the car and jumped in himself.
"You know," Sherlock's deep voice intoned, startling the two girls who glanced at him, "if you would just look, you'd see that we have, in fact, soul-bonded. It only makes sense that John call me his as I am his and he is mine. It's omegas like you, Mary, that give our gender a bad name. Eagerly taking an alpha to bed without experiencing the heat first. Distasteful. You should love the person you're with, not just use them for sexual needs. That goes for you as well Sarah." He sounded so much older then his thirteen years in that moment that all three teens looked at him with gaping mouths. He fidgeted under the attention and buried his face in John's neck, feeling his face heat up the longer they stared.
Sherlock got up, once again moving with grace and leaned down to press a kiss against sandy curls on his little girls head before greeting his husband properly. John moaned and pulled away, giving one last peck to Sherlock's lips before glancing down at their beautiful little girl, whose eyes had begun to droop. "How long had she been asleep?" John whispered to his mate, watching his daughter.
"Right, anyway, we have a triple down on the Thames. Will you come?" Lestrade glanced between the bonded pair in front of him. "I realize Addy has not been left alone in the flat long yet, and you don't really trust a babysitter. My has offered to watch her, but we need you. We can't figure this out. It's the second set of bodies to wash up in the last week."
Mycroft and Sherrinford, being twins, combined their strength to force the young omega through the doorway as Sherlock's eyes stayed glued to those oceans dancing on the lawn outside the alpha dormitories. They exchanged quick, wordless glances and sighed. They could figure out what was happening easily, even if the boy in their arms couldn't recognize the formation of a soul-bond. It was a very rare and special bond that is formed only when the alpha and omega were meant to be together. Viola had always said that Sherlock had his soul-mate out there, just waiting to be found by the young omega. Neither of his brothers could have predicted it'd be an alpha at the school the omega had begged to go to.
When she arrived at work, she immediately set to finding the young doctor, only to realize he wasn't due to resident work until mid morning, and that he was currently sleeping off his exhausted work yesterday. Instead, she was giving the chart for the teenage patient and told to check his vitals while the young doctor was out. Mary sighed, but accepted the job, eyes scanning the chart for important changes. He was improving, which meant he would soon be leaving this hospital, leaving all John's attention to herself. That thought made her smile once again, and she sashayed her hips as she approached the little delinquents room.
"You can't ever get a word in edge wise can you?" Sherrinford chuckled, leaning against the observation cot. Mycroft glared at his older brother and sighed. "You know Myc, 'Lock is certainly better off with John looking out for him. I don't understand why you hate the boy so much."
"Shh, don't 'Lock. I understand. I love you too. I'll see you later yea?" John rubbed a thumb over his bruised cheekbone again and smiled tightly.
Sherlock sniffed the female's wrist. "She was pregnant, and the other two were helping her to escape."
Sherlock whined and nuzzled against John. "It came on suddenly, I didn't know." The omega shoved his face into his alphas neck and drank in his scent. "Thank you for taking care of me." The omega whimpered. John hugged his husband closer and kissed his temple.
Mummy gasped, eyes glinting. "A working omega Mycroft? I expected this from your brother." John growled at the same time as Mycroft, scaring the Holmes omega. "What Greg and Sherlock do are perfectly acceptable to myself and Sherlock's mate. I see no reason for them to sit at home when they are very capable of working." The eldest of the brothers sniffed, as if the very idea of a stay-at-home omega was beneath him. If that was something either omega decided they wanted to do, their alphas would stand behind them. But both men knew that their omegas would quickly get too bored if they were forced to stay at home with the kids, no matter how demanding the pups probably will be.
"I understand...I'll have Myc send me to a rehab facility." Sherlock nuzzled into John's hand and smiled at him hesitantly. "Stay with me?"
"You're my friend Sherly, I'll be back to visit. And once you're better, you might even get a special treat for not dying on me." The man winked and Sherlock snarled at him before he left the room, swinging his hips in unnecessary movements.
John chuckled and shook his head. "I have a shift to go through. I promise I'll come back though." Sherlock looked down and squeezed John's hand.
John smiled at the familiar deduction process that Sherlock used and nodded his head. "Why would you do this to yourself?"
"How are you John? It's been forever!" Ford greeted, winking at Sherlock as he moved closer. John chuckled in reply and finally gave in as Sherlock nudged closer. The young doctor readjusted his position on the bed and pulled the teenager into his lap, letting Sherlock curl against him like a frightened child.
The only people left in the world that could have warned the doctor's and nurses about Sherlock's difficulty being a patient were working the government, dancing across America or running rounds. John had likely forgotten how bad Sherlock was when he didn't want to be treated, since Sherlock had been so calm when John had walked in. That was mostly due to the painkillers they had decided was a good idea to give him.
John hummed as he thought about his mate, probably sitting on their couch back home, waiting for John to come home. He hated it when he was separated from Sherlock, but someone had to make the money necessary to pay their bills. Not to mention they needed the money to get ready for the new life to come. He leaned back in his office chair and thought back to their first bonding over three years ago, still marveling at the fact they'd managed to get that far. Now, Sherlock was expecting their first child, had been the one to beg and plead with John to place that child inside him. Had sobbed against him in happiness when they had found out he had conceived. John had felt so proud of his mate, and filled with so much happiness to meet the tiny life growing inside him.
"Thirteen." Sherlock replied tonelessly. "I'll be fourteen in about six months."
"John..." Sherlock moaned, wriggling against his soft sheets, hands fisted in the duvet and pleading with his alpha. "What do you need?" John breathed against his ear, hand decisively wrapping around his mate's impressive erection and stroking, spreading lotion and precum in copious amounts. Sherlock shuddered with a high-pitched whine, trying desperately to thrust up into that wonderful hand with limited success. "You're so gorgeous like this, swelling with my children and begging just so. I bet that pretty little arse of yours is just begging to be filled." John growled, out of breath and so turned on it hurt, into Sherlock's ear, biting gently at the lobe and tugging. Sherlock groaned and canted his hips just so, feeling his natural lubricant drip out. John chuckled.
Sarah's hand slipped to her side as Mary sidled up to John and rubbed against his side, going to whisper in his ear. John jerked away from her touch, right into Sherlock, who caught him in surprise. John stood up straight but placed his hands over the omegas as they came to rest around his waist. Sherlock rested his chin on John's shoulder and watched the girls with a satisfied smirk. The alpha leaned further back into him and sighed. "A party sounds great, but I'm busy. After all, I still have to take my omega on our first date, right, Sher?" Sherlock rumbled his affirmation with a smile and nuzzled John's neck affectionately.
'Surely he can't mean /love/ him. He loves him like I love my best friend. There's no way he's gay.' And with that thought, Mary smiled again and went about her rounds with a light step, confident in her ability to win the aspiring young doctor over.
Sherlock glared at the doctor that had entered before John left and made sure to make it known that Sherlock did not like his presence at all. All he wanted was John, his John. He was uncomfortable with any other touch aside from Myc's and Fords. He growled as DJ picked up his thin arm to study the old scars that had mostly been hidden from John earlier.
"Of course! God, that was the most brilliant thing I've ever heard anyone say!" John giggled.
"That...was...amazing!" John jumped and clapped, leaning forward with joy written in his beautiful, blue eyes. Sherlock stared at him in astonishment, blushing under the praise from the alpha. "Fantastic! Absolutely fantastic!"
Sherlock stroked her curls away from her eyes and replied in a quiet voice, "She didn't know what to think at first, but she didn't kick up too much fuss."
As the little family finished their early lunch, a knock sounded resolutely downstairs, startling the mates. Addy looked between her parents in apparent confusion, trying to decide who she wanted first. She settled for Sherlock as dear Ms. Hudson bustled to the door, shaking her head as whoever was there started to head straight up. Sherlock cradled his daughter close, smelling the combined scent of himself and John and reassurance as their former pack Alpha, head of the Holmes clan, stepped calmly through the door into the disaster that was the common area. His ashen mouth set into a thin line of disapproval, turning his face into hard, angular lines. Sherlock glanced down, uncharacteristically anxious as the man stepped closer to the family. Everything about him screamed aristocratic, and John could definitely tell the similarities that marked the two as father and son. The same posh nose, curly hair and facial ticks. John wondered if his omega got his beauty from his mother, because the Alpha in front of him was handsome in a rich sort of way, but not in the way that John had once envisioned of his parents-in-law. It didn't help that Sherlock didn't have any family photos, or even photos of himself at a young age.
Almost as if he'd been called, John Watson trudged through the doors and blinked owlishly at the curly-haired omega from before. Grey, 'weren't they green?' eyes stared back at John, searching into the depths of those blue orbs and feeling a shy smile spread across his face. John thought the omega was rather cute, with a sharp, angular face and eyes that changed colour even as they stood there. His curly hair, which had looked auburn in the sun, now looked a dark brown. He was taller then the alpha as well, with thin, pale limbs. He looked too skinny for someone of his height, but it suited him.
I'm sorry for taking so long. I graduated college, but was having some mental issues that have kept me from writing. I'm feeling much better now that I'm home. I'm going to try to get back to writing on a regular schedule but I work two jobs and I sleep during the day, so I'm sorry if I fail. Give me a gentle nudge if you want the next chapter and I've disappeared. I promise I'm trying!
But, despite being the oldest, Ford had no say when Myc had cut off all communication. And no matter how much Ford had tried, he couldn't help his baby brother with contacting his love after Mycroft's cruel meddling. So, to see the young man sitting next to his brother shortly after Sherlock had tried to end it all eased a knot that Ford had not been aware had formed in his heart. He smiled easily at the young doctor and regarded his other brother wearily.
"Oh, John! I wasn't aware you were back." Mary gasped from the doorway, flashing him a bright, full smile. Sherlock grimaced at the grating voice and glared at the nurse as she flounced to John's side. John raised a questioning eyebrow towards his coworker, even as he concentrated on the needle he was carefully pushing into Sherlock's scarred elbow. Mary giggled and moved closer, leaning dangerously close to John.
"I missed you too, love." Sherlock replied, basking in the attention from his alpha. After today's episode on the couch, his omega side was crying out for attention to prove his initial thoughts wrong. Of course, this train of thought only led right back around to when John wouldn't find him pleasing anymore, so Sherlock instead starting making distressed noises as he buried himself into John's chest. He really hated his mind sometimes, how it couldn't just seem to shut up and let him enjoy this moment of contented cuddling on the couch.
"Sherlock, it's fine. I understand your brother was being overprotective. We'll get through this together okay? First, let's focus on getting you better." John smiled at him as he set about re-wrapping the gash. Sherlock watched his movements with his usual way of intense studying as John set to work again.
"We'll talk later." John ruffled his curls and nodded at DJ as the other trainee moved closer.
"You must be Siger Holmes. Welcome to Baker Street." The younger alpha stood, respectively inclining his head but doing no more. The alpha was in his domain, near his mate and child, and John would not back down because of a former pack leader. Sherlock had once explained that Siger ruled everything through money and intimidation. He hadn't liked his youngest all that much simply for his second gender, but had planned to sell the boy before Sherlock's stint with drugs ruined everything. There was a reason he was a former pack leader and not current, despite being head of the Holmes clan still. Besides, Sherlock was a Watson-Holmes now. He didn't really belong under that clan. So John would stand between them should it come to anything to be potential harm to his family.
--@--
"Sherlock!"
And that was when the alpha pounced. Sherlock growled then yelped as the new recruit landed on his back, biting and mouthing at the back of Sherlock's clothed neck. The omega whined, deep and low and John growled in response, standing to his full height and throwing the alpha off. The other alpha, who John dimly saw was named 'Mark,' jumped back up and snarled at John. "Mine." John snarled back, cursing as he registered his omega's smell. Of course Sherlock would be hitting his heat now. Their daughter was old enough she didn't need Sherlock's constant attention and to be kept away from the outside world. This was Sherlock's body saying he was ready for another child, and the git had neglected to tell his mate he'd been feeling a bit feverish.
"I should've warned you about that. Sherlock is a difficult patient." John's lips twitched with old memories. "Take over my patients for me? I have a feeling I'll be spending most of my time taking care of him. At least until his brother shows up." John clucked his tongue and nodded to the nurse that winked at him. He was oblivious to the flirtatious tones that many of the staff threw his way. DJ was the one to comment on it later, when John would run to the pub for a drink or two. It was also DJ that always questioned John as to why he never took the pretty nurses up on their offers.
Sherlock lounged quietly on the couch in the main room, idly stroking the baby bump that had started to form. He was only wearing his pajama bottoms and ratty blue dressing gown, as they had discovered most of his shirts refused to fit around the bump anymore. His once flat stomach was becoming contorted to fit the new life growing inside him, and he wasn't sure he liked it. Sure, here was a perfect blend of John and Sherlock growing inside him, but he wasn't as handsome. Soon, he wouldn't be as agile. How could John stand to be around him? He felt gross, despite the fact that he kept up with his hygiene and never let himself be seen outside with his most impeccable grooming, but his stomach was inching out. He wasn't thin, he was getting fat, and he hated it. Not to mention the tissues around his nipples were beginning to grow soft in order to produce milk for his child. He frowned at the bump and found his lower lip wobbling as if he was going to cry. After another minute, he felt the sobs rise up and he curled on himself, cradling his child in his stomach and wondering how long it will be before John will sleep on the couch rather then with him.
"But you, my dear Sherlock, are a lucky and special omega. Out there in the world the perfect mate awaits for you. It'll be someone brave, patient and kind, someone who can put up with your deductions and odd quirks." Viola Holmes whispered to her son as he pretended to sleep. Thirteen-year-old Sherlock Holmes had given up on his search for his mate long ago. He never voiced his beliefs that the ribbon was actually there to keep his heart away from the likes of any human being put on this planet. His mum held high hopes for her youngest son, and it annoyed the young genius. Just because her oldest two had turned out alphas didn't mean she had to mollycoddle the youngest. Society believed the omegas to be fragile beings, needing alphas to take care of them and only put on the earth to birth litter after litter for their mate. They weren't supposed to have their own lives and jobs. Sherlock was determined to break outside of societies boundaries and be himself. He wasn't about to let some stupid alpha take that away from him.
John watched his small family for a bit before going into the kitchen to start dinner, a simple pasta as Sherlock's stomach was still rather sensitive. The twins were wrecking havoc on his system this pregnancy. But...he still glowed. He was still as gorgeous as he had been when he was pregnant with Addy. The doctor adored his mate. He couldn't imagine life without Sherlock by his side and was glad that he likely wouldn't have to. Even when Sherlock had fallen, some part of John had held on to the belief the omega would come back, and it made the pain bearable. Not to mention the little hints Mycroft would drop about his brother's whereabouts.
She glanced in the mirror with a sinful smile before dashing out the door on her way to work. She was working an earlier shift then usual, in order to spend more time with John. Though he was always in that one teenagers room. It was odd, but that patient seemed to need him twenty-four seven. She was determined to find a time alone with him if it killed them.
Sherlock's whine when John pulled back only make John feel smug and excited. He stroked his erection from root to tip and watched a drop of precum start to form on the very tip. "Come here baby." John sighed happily as he moved up the bed to offer his cock to Sherlock's hungry mouth, who moaned and immediately started suckling for more of John's essence. "Your lips were made for this. Just look at that delicious stretch. Ohh, you take me so good. Do you think you can get it all the way?" John asked as he steadily thrust further into his love's mouth. They had only accomplished that particular request once, and it was after John had wrung several orgasms out of Sherlock. Made easier by the fact that Sherlock was also in a micro-heat at the time. But the look in Sherlock's eyes said he would, he wanted it, and his sucking improved immensely. John thrusted that bit harder, moaning and eagerly feeling the back of Sherlock's throat relax.
"As you wish, love."
"But I have John now..." Sherlock whispered, glancing at the door. Just outside, he could see John speaking with a pretty nurse, who laughed and flipped her hair around in a flirty way. The teenager locked his jaw as jealousy raged through him. John had already assured him they would get their second chance, so it was ridiculous to think he would run off and date someone else. But the way that nurse was flirting with his John...well, that was just unacceptable.
Sherlock shook his curls out with an impish smile. "I'm not impatient." The omega grinned broadly when his mate gave him an unimpressed look and continued to feed their daughter, catching food as it slid down her chubby chin with the small spoon. Addy burbled happily in her seat, content to let her father feed her while her wide eyes watched her mother shovel food into his mouth. He was like a grown child with the way the pasta began to make a small train of sauce down his front. John chuckled and shook his head at their daughter. "Mummy is making a right mess of himself, isn't he?" Sherlock pouted at his mate, but got up to wipe himself off lest he teach his daughter bad table manners. Bad enough she was already a manipulative little one.
The only people in the break room downstairs were DJ and Beth. Mary had an emergency with a patient on level four and had parted ways with John with a flirty smile. The young trainee had waved and disappeared into the break room to grab a cup of coffee and maybe a bagel. But DJ stared at him with an eager smile on his face. John figured the sooner he told DJ about Sherlock, the sooner the other trainee would leave John in peace to continue taking care of his crazy patient.
When Sherlock cried out with his release the first time, he expected his mate to finally, finally shove the massive knot in and finish claiming him so they could go home and finish the surprise, mini-heat out in the peace of their nest. There was also a good chance he'd need to talk to his mate after their coupling about the fact that he most likely was pregnant once again. He didn't know how to feel about that, considering how young Addy still was. But John didn't finish his claim after that, instead, he sped up, growling 'Mine' in his mate's ear until he was ready to release. His knot felt huge compared to others that had locked them together in the past, and Sherlock whimpered as he thought about how big it would get once John finally forced his knot past Sherlock's used hole and flooded his womb with his seed. He whined, worried, and tilted his head forward and to the side to expose his bond bite.
Suddenly, Sherlock's face lit up in the most amazed expression John had ever seen on his mate's face and he studied that look, smiling patiently at Sherlock. "John, feel. Our child is kicking." He smiled shyly at his mate and took his hand to move it to the top most curve of his belly, where something was pushing against the taunt skin. John stared at the spot until he felt it again, and a smile as bright as the sun lit up his face. He was greedily running both hands over his mate's stomach now, giggling every time he felt a small foot or fist hit against his hands. Sherlock watched, thumb stroking across his mate's cheek. "I can't wait to meet you." He whispered to his stomach, patting it once before drifting off to sleep to John singing a lullaby.
As pack alpha, Mycroft certainly had the right to enforce old, outdated traditions within the pack. If Siger was still the head alpha, Sherlock knew he would be unable to work and Greg would likely never have had the chance to meet Mycroft. The youngest Holmes was surprised that the alpha hadn't married his older brother off to a well-to-do omega yet. After all, both boys were beyond marriage age. Traditionally, Sherlock should have been on his eighth or ninth litter of pups, rather than his second. And Mycroft should have been surrounded by alpha pups before he hit thirty.
"I love you too."  Sherlock whispered against his lips, entwining his fingers of one hand with the hand still stroking his baby bump lovingly. "I am sure our child loves you too." John's smile brightened and he tightened his hand around Sherlock's. "Please John, I need you." Sherlock whined after a few minutes of them just staring at one another and caressing their child together. John rolled his eyes fondly and complied, nudging his mate's legs open and positioning himself with his free hand. He watched Sherlock's face and he smoothly sheathed himself into the tight, wet heat of his mate. Sherlock's face twisted in pleasure and he panted with a lolling tongue, watching John through lidded eyes. John brushed some curly hair from his loves face and gently thrusted forward, moaning at the feel of Sherlock's walls contracting around him.
Someone nearby clears their throat earning a harsh glare from Sherlock. "Go away Victor. You've done your civil duty." His voice is deep and icy, like a cave hidden in the winter months. Victor looks wearily between the two teenagers as he stands.
The campus was sprawled across a hundred acres of land. There was a wood area to the right of the alpha dormitories, stables to the north of the beta dormitories and what passed for a hospital sitting snugly next to the omega dormitories. All three housing areas were set in a semi circle, surrounding the big, orange-bricked school building. Students were eagerly running around, laughing and kicking footballs around. Several turned to watch the new kid walk between the protective older brothers, who glared at some of the more eager alphas.
The omega approached his mate near the female omega's body, leaning down to study some wood chips that had situated themselves in her hair. John assumed they had been drifting in the rubbish filled Thames, and so the wood chips had stuck and refused to let go. "Good John. We'll find them in one of the warehouses on the Thames, further down the back from here. A wood factory, going by the chips stuck in their hair and clothes.
--@--
"Wish we could stay here all day." Sherlock sighed unhappily. He wished that this had stayed a secret and his parents had stayed away. His little family didn't need to be inconvenienced by his family, and he really didn't want John around his sire if that was how the man still felt after all these years. Sherlock's not surprised, Siger had never been happy that he ended up with an omega son, rather than two alphas. But he had some hope that the man had at least thought about the fact that his son would never have been happy in the life he had tried to create for him. But his sire had never been the kind to care about more than the advancement of his own fortune.
--@--
"John...ohh..." John chuckled again and brought his finger to his mouth to gently suck off his mate's juices. Sherlock watched him with wide-eyes, dressing gown still hanging off his thin frame in an awkward manner. At the look of utter need on his mate's face, John couldn't hold back and quickly ripped his clothes off, feeling his erection bop free in the cool air. Sherlock almost drooled at the sight and immediately dropped to his knees in order to suckle at the large head. John moaned appreciatively and cradled his mates head, just letting the omega do whatever he wanted.
As the parents stared down at their daughter, who had finally begun to really sleep, there was a soft knock downstairs and voices drifted up the stairs. Sherlock's ears perked as he heard Lestrade's soft timbre and he glanced at John, his eyes just begging. John raised one eyebrow and inclined his head towards their bedroom, where they had been keeping Addy's crib. Sherlock nodded, kissed his daughter's curls once more and moved to sit in his arm chair. John went to lay their daughter down in her bed and soon joined his mate in the living room, where Lestrade was already standing, shuffling nervously from foot to foot. He stunk of Mycroft, and...pregnancy? "Greg?" John asked, moving to stand next to his mate, who was looking at the DI in surprise.
Mary had been around the hospital for a while now, working around several young aspiring doctors, but none had made her flush the way that one John Watson did. He was brilliant, kind and adorable with his fluffy jumpers. And the fact that he'd never slept with the other nurses was only a bonus. He obviously liked her too, with how often he talked to her. She couldn't wait to surprise him tomorrow morning by coming in early. She was finally going to ask him on a date, and hopefully score the young doctor as hers before the other nurses got any ideas.
--@--
"You dare speak to me in such a way when you never understood the situation yourself?" The older Holmes replied, standing at the foot of the hospital bed. John glanced up at him coolly, still carding his hand through Sherlock's curls and rubbing soothing circle's in the younger boy's hand. "It was best he quit talking to you. You would eventually break his heart anyway. And caring is not an advantage Doctor Watson." His name was spoken with scorn, but neither teenager showed emotion other than anger and betrayal.
"Yes my love?" John asked innocently, hands moving down to gently rub Sherlock's belly.
"John!" Sherlock cried, throwing both arms around the doctor and hugging him close. "I was afraid...afraid Myc would keep you from me again." Sherlock nuzzled John's stomach as the doctor rubbed the younger teen's back.
Ford shook his head next to him. "You're not going to lose him Sherlock. Not unless you do something really stupid."
"I'll show you around and then we can talk about the...uh, yea, when we get back to our room. And I suppose I'll have to move my stuff from Damian's room later today too." John's thoughts fired off rapidly. Sherlock inwardly shook his head and smiled shyly up at the alpha. It was a weird feeling, to feel like one belongs to another, completely body and soul, to meld to one another's actions and thoughts. The omega was curious and terrified. What did love feel like to a teenager that had never been interested in another person before his soul-bond? How did one know they were in love? The foreign feelings were unpleasant and impossible to forget, but Sherlock wasn't sure he would've given them up if given the chance. He felt wanted by this alpha, who barely knew him. More wanted then he ever felt at home with his mother and absent father, and twin brothers that rarely visited him any more. So Sherlock followed John as they traipsed around school grounds and retrieved the alpha's items while Damian was out at rugby practice.
