The screen was black for a couple of seconds before it began to finally play. It showed Sherlock walking down the street and everything seemed okay. He was smoking a cigarette though. John couldn’t really blame him... He did a lot of drinking in the army to try and drown out the pain, though he never did become an alcoholic and John thought that that was a fucking miracle. He certainly drank like an alcoholic, but it never became a need to him. He was able to stop after the army and on the times when he couldn’t have it in the army, he wasn’t a mess filled with need and withdrawals.
John swore out loud and pushed his hands into Sherlock's hair. Sherlock had swallowed him in one go and he was much more experienced than John had remembered. That should have probably worried John, especially since Sherlock never even answered his question, but at the moment he was feeling so many things that that little fact didn’t even cross his mind. He was groaning loudly and tugging on Sherlock's hair – God, that hair! He had missed it so much. When he was with Sherlock before he liked his hair, but he never really thought anything of it. Now, all he wanted to do was hang onto that hair and never let go. Sherlock hummed around him and John squeezed his eyes shut and whimpered. Everything felt so good and so perfect and Sherlock was amazing at this, but it didn’t matter! Nothing did because he had Sherlock with him now.
He was currently sitting on the couch staring at his phone when Sherlock came into the room and plopped down in his chair, “Bored!” He groaned.
John grumbled and slowly grabbed a small piece of Sherlock’s hair and then cut it quickly before he could change his mind. He whimpered and held the unattached hairs in his hand, opening the locket and stuffing them inside. He shut the locket with a click and examined the heart to make sure no hairs were poking out of it.
Sherlock let out a long breath and closed his eyes for a moment before speaking, “Actually I can. I don't mean to hurt you because I like you as a friend, but all you were to me was someone I was using to try and fill the hole in my chest and it never worked. I’m sorry... I truly am because it was never my wish to hurt you, but I can assure you that one day you’ll find your special someone that you can't stand to be without. However, sadly that someone isn’t me, Brian...” Sherlock smiled softly, with a hint of sadness. He was hoping Brian would understand and maybe he did… Brian, however, just stood up and went to the alcohol cabinet.
John winced and growled at himself. "Sorry.. I don't- I don't know what came over me! Ignore that..."
John smiled brightly and gave her a flirtatious grin, “Hi, Claire.” However, it didn’t last long before he sighed and looked back down again.
“To the moon and back,” John repeated softly, and smiled. “Besides, I’ve heard love is the most powerful weapon.” He hummed and then pulled away from Sherlock. He gave one last fleeting look before he picked up his bag and stepped on the train.
She ran a hand through her youngest son’s hair and sighed, “Sherlock, I really didn’t want you to see me like this. You’ve had enough pain, my brave little boy.”
"You have some fucking nerve coming back here!" He growled, as he continued strangling the life out of Harry.
“Well I’m not a mechanic! There is an engine and some gas and then it just goes!” He flailed a bit. “But really… if you’re going to cosplay Sherlock Holmes and you want to make it believable you should research him more. You might be able to fool an average person, but not me… I am obsessed with the books a bit.” He cleared his throat.
John didn’t want to even think about that. The thought of Mycroft letting his father run free terrified him more than anything. His father was a dangerous man and not someone to be messed with... and yet John had messed with him. John shook his head trying to rid the thought from his mind and then walked to the door once the class had ended. He smiled softly when he saw that Zack was waiting for him.
Brian ignored him and just kept going. “I chose you because I was angry with you, Sherlock. I’m pretty sure that I’m in love with you and I just needed to tell you. I know you are with John and I’m not asking you to leave him to come to me, god no. He’s my best friend, I would never do that to him… but I felt like you needed to know the reason behind everything. I know you always said I was when you deduced me so you most likely already knew, but I wanted you to know for sure. So… now that you know. Please also know that I will be there for you always. With whatever you need.”
John swallowed hard and nodded. “Sherlock…” He said pausing slightly. “Don’t you dare give me this because you feel like you have to repay me. I did what I did because I love you, not because I expected something in return… Christ, Sherlock if-“ Sherlock cut him off with a soft kiss to his lips.
“Caring isn’t an advantage. I don’t grow physically attached to people. I don’t care if she’s dying. Alone is what I have! It protects me, John! And I’m sorry if you have a problem with that!” He snapped, going back to resting his hands in front of his lips while lying on his back.
"What do you want with John!" She spat. She didn't even know if he was after John, but she was angry and wasn't going to take chances, she was the one that made John cause a scene in the first place.
mwahahah I am so tired and today I had to get into a lake that was 50 degrees for five hours! Fucking lifeguard inservices! grrr.
hated sleeping in clothes and wearing them the next day, but he didn’t have a choice. He sighed and just waited for Sherlock to get up, trying not to let it show on his face that he was uncomfortable in the clothing he was wearing. Going by his luck Sherlock would probably think he was uncomfortable being with him, which wasn’t the case. However, if Sherlock did notice, he didn’t say anything.
"He was on the phone with him... Right before it happened that is – well, while it was happening... I think he was trying to convince him not to, but obviously it didn't help – Christ! I've been with these boys since they were sixteen... I can't believe–" He cut himself off because he could feel his throat tightening, he blamed himself honestly. He was a detective; he should have known that Sherlock was hurting this badly.
John sighed and ran after him, like he always would. Sherlock could literally be leading John to his death and John would still follow the man. Fucking wanker. He entered a room where Sherlock was crouched next to the dead body and John’s heart picked up slightly as he looked around for the officers, but Sherlock was right. They weren’t here because they probably were having their tea break. He watched as Sherlock moved around the body with fascination and John had to smirk to himself because Sherlock literally looked like a child in a candy shop. “Get anything?”
PLEASE COMMENT BECAUSE I LOVE READING COMMENTS MORE THAN YOU KUDO'SING IT OR SUBSCRIBING! BUT THOSE ARE GOOD TOO (;
Sherlock went to his room and tore up everything. He had to have some hidden away somewhere, but he didn’t! He couldn’t ask Brian either because Brian was broke and he wouldn’t do that to him... He swallowed hard and continued to shake and then he did something that he never thought he would do in his whole life.
John wanted to roll his eyes because of course a goody two shoes like Sherlock would help someone out who was supposed to be on death row, “So you stopped the execution?” He asked a bit with his eyes wide.
“Sherlock! Claire’s been shot! Of course we’re going!” John whimpered, of course Sherlock wouldn’t agree to leave the safe place of their current home when he didn’t know the reasons.
“I certainly hope you didn’t strain anything from last night… from the noises you two were making it sounded like someone was dying,” Mycroft said as he kept his nose in his newspaper.
John’s livid with Sherlock. He’s yelling at him and screaming at him and he knows it’s irrational, but he can't help it. They were on a case and Sherlock had run off alone, like he always does, but its different now. He can't keep doing this! Only this time he managed to get a bad bruise on his head from when the person they were chasing hit him with a golf club. He’s fine... of course he’s fine, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t scare the daylights out of John.
Sherlock hadn’t moved from John's bedside, unless Mycroft forced him to take a shower. That had only happened three times so Sherlock really hadn’t left all that much. Thankfully, Mycroft could pull some strings so that he could stay past visiting hours and Sherlock was actually very grateful for that. He sat in the chair at John’s bedside and just held his hand... He realised that he was probably the last person John would want to see when he woke up, and yes
John felt his blood run cold, he honestly felt sick. Mycroft was going to rape him? The thought alone made John want to punch the man, thank god he actually hadn’t gone through with it, if he had he didn’t know what he would do. He took a breath and looked at him, “Is that why I’m naked then? Well, almost naked.” He paused again, “Actually no, hang on. I don’t think Sherlock would hate you for just drugging me. He would probably hate you for wanting to rape me, but you didn’t so he would eventually forgive you. Which leads me to believe you have… something else planned.” He tried to keep the strain out of his voice at the end, but he wasn’t sure he succeeded.
She nodded as well, but then remembered he couldn’t see her, “Alright... go save the world, Sherlock Holmes.”
Fourteen hours later Mycroft was running into the hospital, demanding where John was being kept. He had to – needed to – find out as soon as possible if the man they actually brought in was John or not, for the sake of him and his brother. He ran to the room they had told him and stood outside the door, waiting for something – anything. He didn’t want to open the door because if it wasn’t John behind them he didn’t know what he would do... however, if he didn’t open the door he would never know, and then he could never make the caller pay for his actions. He swallowed down his fear, straightened up his posture, and slowly opened the door. Which was silly really, no matter who was lying in that bed they were most certainly asleep, recovering from the gruelling surgery. Still, a better posture was more superior than a slumped one. He looked around the room, taking everything in, before looking towards the bed, what he saw made his heart ache. John laid on the bed with a breathing tube down his throat and a bunch of other machines hooked up to him. Mycroft wasn’t an expert in medicine, but he knew these machines were keeping him alive. There were even more hooked to him than when he was in a coma and at the time Mycroft thought that was impossible.
Sherlock drew in a sharp breath and stared at the wall as Mycroft held him. “He didn’t have a choice… Please, don’t kick him out.”
Sherlock's heart shattered, this was so much worse than John breaking up with him, “wh-what... John, are you insane?! You’ll die!!”
John’s heart dropped at the two words Sherlock uttered. He opened his mouth for a few seconds, trying to find the words to say before speaking, “Sherlock!!! Claire is our friend what do you mean ‘no’? She’s dying, Sherlock! Do you not care about that at all?”
Donna sighed. “Maybe… But I still don’t believe it… I wasn’t really ever a fan of the books. I thought they were too… Fiction to be a nonfiction book.. That sort of stuff doesn’t just happen..” She sighed.
Once the flat was clean Sherlock paced back and forth in front of the window for the whole three hours, what in the bloody hell was taking so long?? Sherlock knew, of course, that John was most likely deliberately taking his time just to drive Sherlock mental, but that didn’t stop him from pacing. Every time a cab so much as slowed down in front of Baker Street he pounced towards the window and glued himself to it. He was a nervous bundle, he knew he would have to tell John and the thought of that terrified him. What if John didn’t love him anymore? He knew that was not even a possibility, but he was still scared by it.
He rolled his eyes and clenched his jaw, god, John was being more insufferable than usual, “YOU WERE DEAD! WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO? WRITE TO YOUR GHOST!”
Sherlock paused and narrowed his eyes a bit and then stepped closer with his head cocked to the side. “I know you’re an Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock let out a relieved breath and small smile as his chest filled with warmth. Oh John. Sweet, caring, affectionate John. It was in that moment that he knew he was fucked. Well, in truth he knew he was fucked after the second time he surprised himself, but now it only confirmed it. John was an enigma, something he couldn’t quite crack, and every time he thought he got close John did something completely different to surprise him. Sherlock had a sneaking suspicion that John was going to end up being the centre of his whole world. And whereas that should scare the living shit out of him and cause his world to come crashing down, it only brought him comfort. “Thank you,” he whispered softly and reached down to tug at his hand, pulling him over to the bed.
John moved slowly into his body as Sherlock kept making noises. It was a bit sloppy, but it felt so good and it looked like Sherlock seemed to think so as well so he kept at it. He reached between them and grabbed Sherlock's prick to stroke him, keeping one hand still placed in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock wasn’t going to do it because he obviously wouldn’t let go of John’s dog tags, though why he needed both hands for that task was beyond him. That being said, John didn’t mind, he was more than happy to get his lover off and bring him pleasure. John giggled a bit and shook his head as he picked up his pace.
John blinked a bit and frowned, was he talking to him? That was certainly not what he was expecting to come out of Sherlock's mouth, “I’m sorry, what?”
“Fuck off.”  Sherlock growled and yanked out of John’s grip, Sherlock rarely swore out loud, and when he did it was because he was really not okay.
Sherlock nodded and thanked him before getting out of the car and going into the house to John. He climbed in bed and hugged John close to him. John was already dead to the world, but that made sense because he was coming down from the drug. He sighed and just ran his fingers up and down John's arm and eventually drifted to sleep.
Sherlock growled, “You think your game is safe? It is an illusion. A comforting lie told to protect you. Enjoy these final moments of peace. For I have returned with vengeance. So, shall we continue?” He snatched the dice out of John’s hand and rolled doubles. He hummed happily and rolled again.
“We’ll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o’clock. Sorry, I’ve got to dash... I think I may have left my riding crop in the mortuary...” He frowned a bit and headed for the door.
John huffed, “I only just found out. Literally. Just found out, and you didn’t even really give me the chance to tell you. I came to plant the flowers. And when I came inside to talk to you, I was drugged, so… no time to tell you exactly…” He hissed back at him. “Plus, I’m incredibly pissed off at him and it’s not really my place to tell you, now is it?”
and how I made him sick! How he’s a fucking saint because he was able to put up with me for eight fucking months! Well he didn’t say that, BUT IT WAS IMPLIED!” He screamed and curled up into a ball. “I thought he loved me...”
Before John could even finish that sentence Sherlock lunged forward and attacked his mouth with his own. He couldn’t let John know about Brian and the best way to shut John up was to kiss him. He growled slightly and brought the back of his hand up to cup John’s head. He kept pushing John lightly as they walked into the middle of the room, he honestly didn’t know where he was taking John, but it didn’t matter because John tripped over Rainbow and then both of them were falling to the ground. Rainbow hissed at John and bit his ankle before scampering away and Sherlock laughed slightly, “Sorry... he doesn’t like people.”
John couldn’t help the tears that fell down his own face, Sherlock was never this desperate. Whatever Sherlock went through was awful, but they would get through it together like they always did, they would brave the storm and press on like soldiers, and John would always be by his side, “Always.”
John sighed and started rummaging through Sherlock's nightstand. They may have shared a bed, but they hadn’t had sex, even though he told Claire they had, and John knew he didn’t have any of those things... though thinking back he was starting to wonder why the fuck not. Luckily, he found both in Sherlock's drawer, good damn thing too considering he was fucking Brian consistently. He opened the packet and was about to roll it onto to aching prick when Sherlock stopped him and shook his head.
“MYCROFT!!!!” He cried and kept screaming at his mother to wake up, but she didn’t. She never would. She was just another cadaver – she felt no different than the ones he experimented on and that killed him because she was never supposed to be like this.
Mycroft walked into the kitchen to make a cup of tea while John sat down on the couch. He looked around the room and took a breath, everything was different, but also so much the same. He figured that Mycroft couldn’t stand to have it look how it looked before, but also couldn’t stand to have it look any different than how it was. He couldn’t blame him; he couldn’t even change the flat after Sherlock died! He supposed it was a good thing looking back now, considering that Sherlock came back. He couldn’t imagine if he had gotten rid of Sherlock's stuff only for him to come back to nothing, he would have hated himself as well. Hating Sherlock was already draining him as it was, he couldn’t imagine hating himself too.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was being a prick because he was angry that John didn’t tell him sooner, and he knew that that was stupid because Sherlock refused to talk to him. If John said a word to him he would laugh or say something snarky… so of course John didn’t think he would even care if he was joining the army, ready to set off overseas with the great possibility that he would die. He honestly probably thought Sherlock wanted him dead, he practically told him that. John was probably terrified Sherlock would rejoice with joy if john told him, although, John had to know that wasn’t true now, but then, at the time of everything, he honestly thought that Sherlock didn’t deserve to know. It all made sense to Sherlock on why John
He swallowed and nodded, “Yeah...” He kissed her forehead goodbye and then went back to Baker Street.
Sherlock hummed and ran his hand through John’s hair, “Because it is.” He replied. “I sleep better with you by my side and so do you. And no, do not argue because I know you do as well. You forget we have class together so I see you every day and I can safely say I have never seen you as well rested as you were this morning.”
John took it and frowned, “Hell, no.” He grumbled as he looked at the locket. It was a silver heart shaped locket with a chain, the chain was nice and thin and would be easy and comfortable to wear. On the left side of the heart however were the words ‘I love you’ written in cursive. On the right side was a little pink flower, it was very girly and John wasn’t going to be caught dead wearing this. Because that is exactly what would happen. He would die and the paramedics would take off his shirt and they would see it and he wouldn’t even be able to defend his actions because he would be dead. Not a chance.
"Hello, love." A slimy voice whispered from the shadows. “I thought you would never come out of that home of yours.”
John came into the living room after having a shower and clenched his jaw as he saw Sherlock sitting on the couch. He opened his mouth to say something, but just shook his head as he dropped down into his chair and picked up the newspaper.
John screamed as the blurry figure disappeared into the dark and choked, “Sherlock!! Sherlock no! Come back!!” He whimpered slightly before falling forward more and passing out into the rug.
John looked at his father and then looked up at Sherlock. He let out a cry of happiness as he wrapped his arms around him and held him as tight as he could. He didn’t care if Sherlock couldn’t breathe he was just ecstatic that Sherlock was even still alive. He knew from that moment on that he owed Cakeman anything and everything he ever needed because saving Sherlock's life was the best thing that had ever happened to him. “Don’t ever do that to me again, you twat!”
....Yeah... I told you it was a doozy... But hey... I never get all choked up when I am writing my own stuff... and I definitely was feeling some major feels writing that last part... So basically not only am I hurting you, but I'm hurting me.... (;
Sherlock started grumbling to himself and throwing things around the room. “You’re going to go away for a little while and only come back when I text you! Do you understand, John?”
“No! It will be too late and I won’t let you walk home alone in the dark!” John snapped before he could stop himself.
“Wha– Really? We are going to do this now? No. I’m trying to learn!” This was a complete lie. John wasn’t even paying attention.
John looked him over for a moment and shook his head, “No, it’s not.” He whispered and set the empty ice cream tub on the nightstand. Jesus, he was going to lose his six pack and toned body… and for what? A man who wasn’t the same man he fell in love with? He knew he needed to stop thinking like that, but he couldn’t help it.
“Go! I’ll find you!!! Just GO!” Mycroft pushed Sherlock out of the house as a bullet whizzed past Mycroft’s head.
John choked and collapsed to the ground on his knees. He kept crying and he felt like he couldn’t breathe, but he needed to breathe, he needed to be there for Sherlock.
“If by minute you mean actual minute or before the night is over than yeah. I’ll give it to you. If by minute you mean a few days, maybe a week, then no, I won’t. Because you have had many months to get this together, to build up the courage and tell me what happened while you were away.” He was going to stand his ground, he could see that what happened to Sherlock wasn’t an easy topic, that he was hurt by it. But John wasn’t going to give in again and have Sherlock get away with not telling him, he just wasn’t.
Sherlock swallowed hard, “because, John... I was scared... John please... I am so sorry! I won’t do anything like this ever again!!”
“I love you, John! There I finally fucking said it! Is that what you want to hear? That you made a sociopath fall for you? That I think of ways to make you smile every second of every day because seeing you sad physically pains me! That I want to wake up next to you every single morning! I want to get into silly little fights where you storm out of the flat, but come back because you can't stay away and then we would fall in bed together and make love as we apologised! I want to cuddle with you on the couch and watch crap telly! I look at you and her together and it pains me, but at the same time I want you to be happy because your happiness comes first. I would give up everything in my life if it meant that you would be happy! And that terrifies me.” Sherlock chokes out and wills himself not to cry. He will not let John see him so vulnerable.
i dont feel good and i think my insides are failing me... fuck i dont even care about grammar or spelling right now.
John watched in horror as Brian kicked the shit out of Sherlock. He could tell Sherlock was trying to be strong and not make any noise, but he was failing miserably. Suddenly, he realised that he didn’t care anymore… He couldn’t just stand back and watch Sherlock get kicked in. He screamed and then ran to Brian and shoved him to the ground. “STOP IT!!!” He yelled as he straddled Brian and started punching his face.
John looked up at the sky and shook his head, a small laugh escaping his lips, “It’s sunny.” He said fondly. “It was sunny the day you died too... and on your funeral.” John pursed his lips, “Maybe that’s you telling me to be happy even though the circumstances are not happy... I don’t know. Maybe I’m just pulling it out of my arse to try and feel better.” He looked down and played with the grass, pulling some out and putting it on his knee.
“Just in a hospital, we had to make sure you weren’t bleeding internally… you have a lot of bruises, but other than that your insides are okay… but you do have a broken wrist so you can't play rugby for a while, I’m sorry…”
Mycroft glared up at him from the ground, “I didn’t go through with it! And you’re one to bloody talk! You killed yourself and didn’t tell anyone you were alive, you practically destroyed John! You practically destroyed me.” The last sentence was whispered so quietly it was like a confession. Sherlock supposed it was. Mycroft would never had admitted that had the circumstances been different.
His mother shrugged slightly, “been better.” She sighed and then just cut to the point, “why are you here, John? We haven’t spoken in years.”
hahahhahahhahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahhahaahhahaha it's been longer than an hour i bet you werent expecting that....
Sherlock nodded and then pulled away and smiled up at him. “Thank you…” He whispered. “He won’t be able to get out, will he…?”
The thought of hedgehogs not being fluffy made Sherlock frown, “Hedgehogs aren’t fluffy….?” His whole entire life was clearly a lie.
there are so many errors in this fic and it's actually doing like really good so I feel like a rude arse twat that you guys have to deal with all the errors so I'm fixing it up because I swear I have slight OCD along with my ADHD... and I don't even know why I'm writing this, but I see 'Notes' and if you are new here you will understand that I LOVE my notes. so Yeah... Notes... mmm
Sherlock kissed him back slowly as he pushed inside carefully so he didn’t hurt the boy. He tightly squeezed his eyes shut, John was so warm and tight and the feeling made Sherlock see stars. His breathing stuttered and he rested his forehead on John's shoulder. He moved slowly and once he got all the way inside he waited for John to get settled. Christ, he loved being the bottom, but there was definitely something about being inside John that pleased him as well.
“Come on... I’ll drive you to him...” He whispered as he started to guide Sherlock towards his car and Sherlock wasn’t thinking about anything at that moment other than...
Sherlock smiled softly and finally looked at him. He took his hand and sighed, “I promise you, John... that wont happen.” He whispered.
Sherlock's eyes snapped opened and he grinned so hard he thought his face would split in two, “Really?” He whispered quietly.
Sherlock swallowed because he didn't. He didn't need to know until everything was done, "Claire, don't..." He said quietly, oozing out so much plead in his voice she was hoping he would actually pity him instead of continuing. Of course that was wishful thinking…
John's heart almost melted and he slowly started moving. He huffed a bit and smiled down at Sherlock, “Love, it’s rather hard to move with your death grip on my dog tags. Plus, if you don’t ease up they might break,” He kissed his nose and caressed his head.
John wanted to grin so badly and yell at the top of his lungs, but he held his ground. Oh yes, Sherlock was definitely brilliant, “And who said anything about being flatmates?” he raised an eyebrow.
“Leave a note when?” John’s voice cracked, but he didn’t care, he didn’t care about anything. He needed Sherlock to get down right now – after everything they had gone through for each other and it was going to end like this? That just wasn’t acceptable.
“Maybe I came over here to confess my undying love to you.” He hummed and kicked at Sherlock's out stretched, crossed feet, once again.
“I- nothing you just scared me is all…” he walked over to the dresser and pulled open one of the drawers, searching for some pants. “I thought you were mad at me…” He mumbled, mainly to himself, but of course Sherlock still heard him.
Sherlock looked like he wanted to cry as he held John's hand. “He would have died thinking that I hate him...” he whispered. He didn’t know what pained him more... the thought that John would be dead or the thought that he died thinking Sherlock had lied to him, had used him, had hated him. He thought the latter was probably the worst of the two of them.
His train of thought didn’t last long though, because his heart plummeted and his mind went numb as the realisation set in. He looked at the sleeping Sherlock and honestly didn’t know what to do at all... however, this all made sense as to why Sherlock was acting so different, as to why John felt like he didn’t know him anymore. It was because he
Sherlock sighed a long sigh, “fine, but only because I need the money! The address is 221B Baker Street, be here by noon or I won’t help you!” And with that he hung up the phone, the extra money would be very welcome, considering he was running low on drugs.
“For God’s – I DID WRITE TO YOU SHERLOCK!!” He screamed and tugged at his hair because he couldn’t deal with this right now, how the fuck could Sherlock sit there and think he was lying? Why would John all of a sudden come back to him if he had stopped writing all those years ago?
“Tell Mycroft that I actually do care for him...” He wouldn’t leave Mycroft behind without him knowing that.
save John. He would. He skipped steps... Thankfully, the scene was safe, but he couldn’t call 999 because his bloody mobile was broken! He tried screaming, but he didn’t think anyone was around, but his brain wasn’t working properly so he supposed there could be. It was London after all and people went for walks at night. Surely, someone had heard the commotion of a car falling into the Thames.
“It’s my brother’s name… well, his name is Mycroft, but I call him Cakeman because he is a fat man who eats all the cake.” Sherlock huffed, he would never forgive Mycroft for eating all of the Christmas cake before he had any one year when Sherlock was five.
. That small fact definitely made him angrier, but he had so many things to talk about that now was hardly the time to bring that up.
Sherlock’s heart swelled in his chest and he barely was able to suppress the whimper that threatened to escape him. He wanted to tell him he didn’t have to do that. He wanted to thank him at the same time. What he did say however surprised the both of them, “Marry me…”
Sherlock didn’t say anything; he just grabbed the bag and ran home as fast as he could so he could inject it into his system. This was bliss. This was his happiness.
John narrowed his eyes, “Well, that’s reassuring!” he sighed and then shook his head, “Sherlock, I have my own life and it took me this breakup to realise that... I also have nothing left for me really without you and when the day comes that we don’t want to be together anymore I won’t have a single thing... I won’t do that to myself! I want to be a doctor, Sherlock, but I don’t have any money!”
The Doctor shook his head. “No, that’s perfectly fine.” He smiled softly. “Just make sure you are back before sunset, yeah? Don’t want you getting lost.” He snickered a bit and Sherlock nodded.
“Better listen to him, fag son of mine. Be a good little boy and listen to your boyfriend.” Ted’s words were weak and strangled, but it was clear there was still venom behind them. The man didn’t give up.
Three months came and went in a haze of darkness. Sherlock knew that that wasn’t an actual thing, but that’s what it felt like. Nothing had colour and everything was dark, grey, and gloomy. Sherlock had been dating Brian – well, that’s what Brian said anyway, that’s what he told people, but really they only got together for a shag every couple of days, it wasn’t exactly dating. However, he supposed that telling Brian that they weren’t actually dating would be a rather cruel thing to do and might even jeopardise the hook ups they had. He sighed as he phoned Brian because he needed sex – okay, so that was a lie. The sex made him feel guiltier than ever, but he kept on shagging the poor bloke because he was hoping that at some point that would change. Plus, during the actual act his brain shut off so he was able to forget, even if it was just for a mere ten minutes.
John felt like a teenage girl though, sitting there with his ice cream, watching a sad movie. The thought made him chuckle sadly and feel a little pathetic for himself, but he couldn’t help it… he just wanted to eat ice cream and wallow in sadness as he watched his favourite movie. Then once that was over he could move on with his life once again.
John was sitting against the wall of the dingy cell, resting his forehead against his knees. Honestly, he didn’t really care about anything anymore. He had accepted the fact that god hated him and his life was always going to be shit, honestly he didn’t even believe in god unless his life – or Sherlock's life – depended on it. But clearly some form of entity had to exist for his life to be this awful. Every time it started to get back on track someone threw a wrench in it and it took a turn for the worst. He hated how many times he tried to kill himself, because really… he hated how one man could make him that weak. If Sherlock were to die now however, he wouldn’t try it again. He would be sad, and hurt, but killing yourself wasn’t ever the option and he finally realised that.
“Oh, because you are way too proud of a man for that.” He smirked and then spun around and walked towards the door. He put his hand on the doorknob and paused slight, “Have a nice life,
Mycroft sighed and gave a small nod. He went upstairs once Sherlock had made himself comfortable on the couch, taking a breath as he prepared himself. He grabbed a box of tissues and a glass of water on his way up, then opened the door and walked over to John, “You might need these – might not. I didn’t cry at all, but then again mother was in tears... I don’t know where you will stand, if you were the John from five years ago I know you would cry, but I understand your relationship with him right now is strained and you seem to have hardened with your time away so, here...” He awkwardly handed the pair of things to John and started fiddling about on his computer.
This was in no means going to be rushed by either of them. John wanted it to be slow and loving and sweet and judging by how slow Sherlock's hand was moving around the both of them he was thinking the same thing. After a moment Sherlock pulled away and rolled over a tad so he could reach into the drawer beside him. He pulled out the lube, but left the condoms because this was their last time and they were both clean. John watched as Sherlock poured the lube and then brought the hand behind him to prepare himself, but John stilled him. Sherlock gave John a rather frightened look because he was afraid he did something wrong and he wanted this to be perfect, but John just tugged on Sherlock's wrist until his fingers were brushing against John's entrance. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel like his heart swelled and broke at the same exact time because out of all the times they had sex John never once bottomed. It wasn’t that he was never going to, but he wasn’t ready and Sherlock could see that. He never wanted John to feel pressured and he liked the feeling of John inside of him anyway. He raised an eyebrow at the blond, but John just nodded and lifted his leg so that it draped against Sherlock's waist.
Harry screamed and started crying, "no! Father! Please!" She choked and watched as he cocked the gun.
also i mentioned above about my assassin john story! you should all read that! all you have to do is click my name and then got to Everything Is Not What It seems, but i also know you are all lazy bastards so here...
John immediately looked down again and clenched his glass of beer, but didn't say anything. Maybe if he didn't speak to her she would shut up and go away. However, she didn't. And he knew that that was wishful thinking on his part.
Mycroft grit his teeth, “fine! I will send a helicopter, but so help me if it is not John Watson I will make your life a living hell, that I can promise!” He threatened harshly, he was powerful, he could do things no man dared to imagine. No, he wouldn’t just throw people in all willy-nilly, but this was John they were talking about and you just didn’t joke about John… not to the Holmes family anyway.
"No! I'm not going to kill myself! Happy? Now go!" He snapped, because honestly she didn’t have to beat around the bush, just fucking come out and ask him like he wasn’t some fragile little thing.
“Where on earth did you think you got your brain from? It certainly wasn’t your father.” She hummed, rolling her eyes as best as she could.
John's hurt and sadness were quickly replaced with anger. He was still hurt, very much so, but he was angrier at the moment than anything else. “And did you find all of the fucking data you needed?” He growled, standing up off the floor so he could be at least somewhat level with Sherlock.
make him feel rather pathetic. He wouldn’t end his life, god no, but he wasn’t sure he would be able to actually live in a life with colour. He shook his head to clear the terrible thought and then held the gun out right in front of him again.
About an hour or so later the door opened and Sherlock stood up immediately, sort of toppling John over in the process, but John didn’t care. He just scrambled up to his feet as well and stood next to Sherlock, “Let go, Mycroft! I can help her to her room!” He huffed and took her into his arms, stupid Mycroft leaving work to go get her. Sherlock could have easily done that, but Mycroft insisted – no matter. Sherlock was just going to take the best damn care of her from this point on.
Once his bag was all packed and he made sure he had everything, he left the room and went to go check out. It had been about three hours since Sherlock called. John definitely took his time, he took a shower, packed slowly, and watched a bit more Telly. But eventually he knew he would have to face him, so once three hours had passed he stood up and left the room. He straightened his posture, put on his battle face, and prepared for the worst.
“Nope! I Promise! This is going to make everything all better… EVERYTHING!!!” He started pushing Sherlock gently and nudging him in the direction that he wanted him to walk.
Brian sighed and slowly laid Sherlock down as he started to unbutton his shirt, “You love me... I know you do... you just need to remember what we had. Don’t worry I didn’t give you enough that you will pass out or anything.” He said softly and then started to kiss down Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock wasn’t ever going to hurt John, not ever again, so he went as slow and as gentle as possible, preparing him, stretching him. He held him close with his free hand, while he added a third finger. He was also going to add four because he didn’t want John to feel any pain whatsoever... this needed to be perfect for the both of them and without proper preparation the first time was usually not a very pleasant experience.
Before the army him and Sherlock would do experiments together and when he didn’t understand something he would ask and Sherlock would explain. He tried to do that the first day and never again. It ended with Sherlock screaming about how stupid and dull John was, and John screaming back, shattered glass and half coagulated blood flying everywhere until John couldn’t take it and left. He wasn’t going to stay there while Sherlock threw petri dishes and blood at him.
John also hadn't tried to off himself again... He figured one person dying wasn't worth it, but he still wanted to. Sherlock did so why couldn't he? But... He was better than that. He was better than Sherlock had ever been and he was going to prove it.
Now, if Mike was anyone else that lived in the mansion he would leave John be and go back to bed. However, Mike wasn't just anyone so he followed him. He was concerned for his friend – and yes, that's exactly what John was to him even if John didn't see that... He knocked on the door firmly, but softly, "Can I come in?"
. Sherlock leaned against the tree trunk and wanted to run up to John. He wanted to hug him and tell him that everything was going to be alright... but it wasn’t. And Sherlock knew that by doing what he was doing things might not ever be the same again and that killed him. He also knew that there was no way around this and if he wanted John to be safe, he had no other option.
Sherlock smiled and took John's paper from him. For the rest of the class period he helped John understand how to go through the motions of working through the problems. As the class period neared the end, the worksheet was almost complete. John was surprised to find that he actually enjoyed learning the material with Sherlock’s help and methods; he would even venture to say that he had fun working on it. When the bell rang, John stood up getting ready to leave just as Sherlock put his pen away and stacked his books and papers into a tidied pile to be picked up.
Do you know what Mary had when she went to dinner? ((OMFG THIS IS PERFECT BECAUSE MARY MORSTAN MWAHAH?? OH YOU LAFFY TAFFY WRAPPER YOU!! I havent looked at the answer yet, but i'm going to say lamb because you know "Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb... blah blah blah"))
John ended up at Sherlock’s old house with a tear stained, red face. He sniffled and knocked on the door, he could have gone back to his motel, but he didn’t exactly want to be alone right now. He didn’t even know who lived here, but he was hoping it was Mycroft or Lily. He was hurt and angry and he knew that Sherlock didn’t know about Miles, but that didn’t stop him from spitting out his name like Miles was John’s side lover.
Mycroft stood before him and was shaking a bit. His eyes were filled with rage and his chest was heaving. John hoped he would kill him. It would end this nightmare.
left me.” He narrowed his eyes, but then just looked down. He wanted to be mad with Sherlock, but seeing him here standing there in front of him was too much to take in. He couldn’t be mad and that terrified him.
John's eyes flew open. He didn’t understand… He looked back and forth from Sherlock to his father, and then he looked at the door where he saw Mycroft breathing heavily and holding the gun out in front of him. John swallowed hard as he looked back at his father, who was currently laying completely still on the floor. “Is he…?” He couldn’t finish that sentence, but thankfully Mycroft understood it nonetheless.
John screamed and tugged at his hair some more, “WHO? Who the fuck would tell you something like that when it was clear it wasn’t true?” He hissed, he wanted to back down because Sherlock looked rather intimidating, but he was a soldier and he never retreated.
John swallowed hard and stayed where he was, he knew that if he got up and tried to stop Brian it would cause suspicion. He pushed his salad around some more, because he definitely wasn’t about to take another horrid bite, and just waited for Brian to return. However, before that happened someone was nudging at him and John looked up.
ANYWAY I ALREADY SAID FOUR YEARS AGO TO COMMENT. BUT SERIOUSLY COMMENT BECAUSE WITHOUT COMMENTS MY SOUL WOULD BE LOST TO THE NEVER ENDING BLACK VOID OF DESTRUCTION.
John was hoping that the man would leave, but of course that was an unrealistic hope. He obviously just got in to work. What would make him leave now? The fingers tapped steadily on the keys and before John could stop himself, he sneezed. He mentally cursed himself as he heard the fingers still and watched as the man pushed his feet on the ground so that his chair could roll back a little bit. John was dead. It was as simple as that. He was going to get into so much trouble for breaking into the school and sleeping under the desk and then he was going to die. He sniffled and just stayed under it.
Sherlock was silent for a long time. He grabbed the woman’s hand and smirked to himself. Bingo. Slowly, he lifted up the woman’s shirt and grinned even brighter and put the shirt back down just as slowly. “Yes. This was actually really easy and I seriously don’t understand why they haven’t figured it out yet.” He smiled up at John and opened his mouth to speak again when he felt hands on his biceps yanking him back.
“Yes... so he is, but I just hate him so much. It’s all rather tedious actually.” He grumbled. “You know I still pay for his coca–“
John nodded and together they walked out and went to the park. Sherlock had a blast... John did as well and that was the problem... wasn’t it. He wouldn’t admit to himself that he was falling in love with this man though... he couldn’t because he needed to kill him. He sighed and kept walking, but then Sherlock slowly decided to take his hand. John’s heart lurched up to his throat and he couldn’t speak.
. There was no reason in pressing it any further because it would just make him made when Sherlock refused to tell him and right now, he really didn’t want to fight with him.
Oh thank god there was a pulse! It was so, so weak, but it was there. Rescue breathing then, that’s what he needed to do. He pinched John's nose and swallowed before counting.
whatttttt!! Let me just say I love Mycroft so much. He is my favorite. and john's dramatic HE'S DEAD line gets me every time even though it's not supposed to be funny ahahah
Mike looked at the wall and sure enough the bullet was in there. He swallowed hard and tried to think of what else to do but he honestly had no idea and there was so much blood!
Sherlock choked on air and narrowed his eyes at him, "John! We have a case to solve! Maybe later... But I don't see why... We have a good life here..."
The man blinked a bit and then glared at him, “You... obviously. Don’t be so dull. Really, I thought this would be fun, but so far you have been quite predictable.” He huffed and pushed him harder against the wall. “Perhaps, in a different world this could have been a game, but caring has made you weak.”
“You’re full of shit. You’re a selfish prick and I know for a fact that you don't care about my happiness unless my happiness is revolving around you! You wouldn’t even be able to function without me by your side!” John hisses at him.
John felt as though he was frozen in place. Before he started talking to Sherlock, he always thought Sherlock's eyes were intimidating when he was staring at you. This, however, was nothing compared to Sherlock's look. He felt like a bug about to be squashed on and all he wanted to do was run and hide, but he stood strong for Sherlock.
Sherlock pulled a table up next to the bed and then sat down next to his mother, “John brought a board game like you asked.” He smiled softly, grabbing her hand.
Claire slowly climbed off of Sherlock's body and helped him up. "I don't understand..." She whispered quietly.
“OH BECAUSE THAT’S SOOOO MUCH BETTER!!!” Sherlock choked as betrayal filled his eyes and he stood in front of John. “In fact I honestly would rather have you be pointing that thing at me instead of John and you know that. I can’t believe you. I- I will
Sherlock blinked, “What... Why?” He wanted to ask why John was even talking about him, but he thought he probably shouldn’t. He knew he wouldn’t like the answer.
... however, I honestly have no idea where we are...” He sighed. “I think when someone says they’re lost it’s because they don’t know how to get where they are going, but they also don’t know how to get back to where they came from,” He drawled.
“Then maybe you should have thought about that before you–“ He didn’t have time to finish that sentence because John had put his hand over his mouth.
Sherlock blinked rapidly and sat up as well, “No! no… Not – I’m not suicidal, John... just... I have a dangerous job... one day I might not come home and I just don’t want you to follow me... promise me that no matter what happens... you won’t. Your life is too important and precious to follow me because of stupid choices I made.”
As soon as he left the house he quickly did a search on his phone and found out that the coaches name for their football team was Greg Lestrade. That was definitely close to Messpod, and even if it wasn’t the evidence was too much to not assume it was him. Sherlock had contacted the police and gave them an address explaining everything. As much as he hated to admit it he couldn’t do this on his own. He would beat them to the destination though seeing as he was closer. He felt his phone buzz and he quickly reached in and pulled it out.
“God! You can't even flirt with me without becoming a sad little thing.” She joked with him and then smiled sadly, “Might help if you talk about it.” She said softly and then started to wipe down the counter.
“Sherlock! Sherlock! It’s okay... They’re just taking John away so that he can get real help, but you did so good, Sherlock. You saved him.”
John choked on air a tad. Sure he was confused right now about whether he liked boys, but that didn’t mean he wanted to jump into their pants! “We’ve only just met! I mean you are attractive, I’ll give you that, but—“
She choked when she felt a faint thumping, but she knew it wouldn’t last long, “You stupid man!!!” She sobbed and reached for her mobile. She dialled 999 and then tried her best to keep him alive, but when his pulse finally gave out, she broke. This wasn’t like the bath tub... She couldn’t pull him above water and wait for him to breathe... this was really happening and she wasn’t even sure if he was going to make it. She had no idea how to even keep him alive long enough for him to make it and that broke her fucking heart.
Sherlock ran to the toilet as fast as he could. His body hurt so much, not just from the punch although that did play a big part in it, but because he was also hurting at John's choice. He locked the door as soon as he got in there and sunk down onto the floor as he cried into his knees. Weakness didn’t really suit him, but alone, in closed rooms, he would allow himself to cry. He felt betrayed and bruised and broken. Slowly, he brought his shirt up and looked at his stomach. It was already starting to bruise and he knew that it was only going to get worse. His right ribs looked bruised too, and his wrists hurt from the tackle. He didn’t think his wrist or any part of him was broken, but he was definitely bruised and sprained. He thought perhaps his left ribs were broken, but upon further inspection he ruled it out.
Sherlock looked out the window and frowned when he saw that the sun was setting. “John..? Can I ask you a question?”
John sighed and they waited. It beeped and the pictures of the shoes came on. Sherlock went to 221C and the shoes were sitting there. John played dumb like he always did and every move was killing him. They went through the woman in the car, and then the man on the busy road... the old woman who had to die. John thought he would care now that things were different... Now, that he loved Sherlock, but he didn’t and that was why they couldn’t be together. Sherlock hadn’t changed him as much as he thought and maybe Mike was right about everything. He didn’t love Sherlock... he just loved the attention. He didn’t have a heart, he couldn’t feel things. However that little voice in the back of his head kept echoing to him over and over again. ‘Everyone has a heart, John. It’s just a matter of finding it.’ Sebastian’s voice kept ringing.
“No! It really isn’t. Herding cats, Sherlock! They will be there for us and guide us and just accept it! Just- we are almost there! Please… stay with me.” He swallowed and kissed Sherlock's head.
John wasn't going to look at her – wasn't going to answer her, but his curiosity got the best of him. He slowly turned his head and his breath hitched. "W-why do you have that..." He whispered and if there was a slight whimper in it, neither one of them said anything.
“There’s something different between you and my son... I can see it... and I’m not saying your time away was a good time in your life, but his wasn’t either...” She said softly, searching the older boys face.
However, when she snuck a hand into his jeans and cupped him he pushed her away immediately. That. Was.
“Please say something…” Sherlock swallowed as he kept taking in deep slow breaths to try and calm himself.
“DAMN MY LEG!” He growled and then blinked. His leg didn’t even hurt... he was surprised at how easy it was to fall into character and then stay there. He slowly stood up and then Sherlock rounded on him from absolutely no where. He frowned, “I thought you left...”
Sherlock woke up abruptly and jumped out of bed. He had an irrational fear that Lestrade had taken John again because John wasn’t in the bed… he did just wake up so he was a wee bit disoriented. “John!!” He flailed and started running out of the door.
Brian screamed. How dare Sherlock accuse him of being a poof! He ran over to Sherlock and yanked him up by his hair. He snickered when Sherlock yelped. “You know… I originally came over here because Johnny boy said that I couldn’t beat you up in a fight. I wasn’t going to fight you because I’m better than that, but when you sit there and tell lies about me… well, you really should learn your place at this school!” he hissed and shoved Sherlock up against the tree, holding him there.
Anyway there are a few things you need to know... Primark is basically a Walmart in Britian.... except for... they only have super cheap clothes.. they don't have movies slash games slash food... Just clothes.. So maybe Walmart isn't a good example... Primark is like.. Like.. WELL ITS A REALLY CHEAP STORE THAT HAS A BUNCH OF CLOTHES AND ACCESSORIES AND IT'S LIKE FOUR STORIES BIG AND I SERIOUSLY LOVE THAT PLACE TO BITS AND ALSO SHERLOCK'S POINT OF VIEW IS NOT THE REAL POINT OF VIEW IT'S JUST WHAT REALLY POSH PEOPLE THINK AND HE'S POSH SO THAT'S WHY HE SAYS ALL THOSE THINGS!!! FRANKLY I THINK PRIMARK IS AWESOME AND AMAZING AND I LOVE IT SO MUCH!! BUT THEN AGAIN I'M AMERICAN SO.... (THAT COUNTS AS TOURISM...)
“I know, Sherlock… And I feel the same, but it is nice to actually go out on a couple of dates every once in a while. Rather than just sitting around at home.”
He had no idea where John would have gone and he searched everywhere in the school until he decided to go into the toilets. One of the stalls was shut and Sherlock frowned a bit, he awkwardly dipped his head to look under and sure enough John's shoes were there. Thank God, if it was somebody else he had the very high chance of being punched in the face for trying to ‘sneak a peek’. He took a shaky breath as he walked up to the door and knocked on it softly. “John... can we talk, please?”
“The Landlady owes me a favour... back in Florida about eight years ago I helped her out with her husband’s execution.” He hummed.
John wanted to smack his forehead and then shake Sherlock silly. Sherlock was more of a selective listener and only heard the things he wanted to, apparently he was also a selective learner too. It drove John absolutely up the wall even though he had only really spoken to him for two days, but that was the problem with dating a genius he supposed, “You know, for the smartest man in the world. You’re quite stupid…”
A couple of months passed and John was slipping further and further into depression. The bottle of whisky in the cupboard always looked so tempting, but he would not fall into that like his father and sister did. He was stronger than that and he wasn’t going to cave just because he watched Sherlock die.
As predicted John was right, it did take him most of the day and by the time he started to make his way home, it was growing dark. However, it all needed to be done, so John couldn’t complain. He went to the store and bought a bouquet of roses and a box of chocolates to make up for his absence. John laughed at the fact of how cliché it was, but that was one thing John loved. He loved the obvious and cliché things about romance, and he had a sneaking suspicion Sherlock did too.
Claire swallowed hard and nodded. She knew he didn't mean it, but that didn't mean it hurt any less. "Right. Well. See you when they let you out. Perhaps then you’ll grow the fuck up and stop throwing yourself a pity party. I lost him that day too, John." She said tightly and then stood up and left the room. She wasn't about to break in front of John. He didn't need to see that, not now, not when he already had so much going on.
“–I actually do despite what you may think... and I know this is a lot to ask, but I was wondering if maybe you would like to be my best man?” John looks at him and bites his lip. He knows it’s a long shot, but there is no one else John wants to be his best man besides Sherlock.
“It’s John’s father! He’s- we don’t know how, but he’s escaped! He escaped a week ago, but I just got a call that-“
“Sherlock!!” John whispered loudly, yep. Not good indeed. “You are going to fall and break your neck! Not to mention this is illegal! You could go to jail!
He rolled his eyes, giving into the urge this time, “Of course that would be the only thing you came for. They‘re under the mattress.” He drawled, picking up his hand and examining his nails.
Sherlock smiled and grabbed Mycroft’s card. He walked to the front door and kissed John softly, “Yes, a sexy five-year-old indeed.”
John was still a tad embarrassed, but he found he didn’t really care anymore once Sherlock was offering to feed him, so he ate the strawberry off of Sherlock's hand and then smiled up at him.
John shook his head and pulled away to look at Sherlock, smiling brightly while flashing those perfect teeth of his. “I’m not laughing at you, Sherlock... I’m just happy because you make me happy. I love you, too. More than you can ever imagine and yes, of course I forgive you, you git. I always will.” He said softly as he leaned forward to press their lips together.
John walked out of the bedroom and slowly sat down at the kitchen table. He looked terrible, but then again he always looked terrible nowadays. Only showered when Claire told him to and once he was done he would just put on Sherlock's pyjamas. She never said anything, she tried once and he went absolutely mental, so after that she stopped bringing it up.
He pressed his lips to John's lips and breathed out on five. That’s how rescue breathing went right? Five seconds per breath, look, listen, and feel on the first three seconds. Look for the chest rising, listen for John's breath, and feel the breath on his skin... his cheek, then breathe in the fresh air on four and out into John's mouth on five. He was positive, but he couldn’t remember for sure and his brain wasn’t working!
“BULLSHIT!” He screamed. He was practically shaking with anger, there was no sadness left in him, only anger. It should have scared him, perhaps in the past it would have scared him, but he had nothing left to give emotion wise. It was all engulfed by the anger that coursed through his body.
Sherlock blushed and John about lost it, “Well, I most definitely got lucky with him.” He chuckled and smiled softly at John, “What John sees in me I will never know.”
Sherlock looked up slightly to the sound of movement in John’s room. It was a little past eight thirty so it wasn’t an unusual thing John was up and about. He also didn’t know his sleeping schedule anymore, and the fact that he just went through a rather traumatic event… he probably couldn’t sleep at all. When John walked out of the room and shoved his coat on, Sherlock swallowed thickly. Right, he felt like he was suffocating then. He gave Sherlock a look, a look that Sherlock couldn’t stand seeing on John's face – couldn’t stand having the look directed at him. But he did understand. And he did have hope. No, he hadn’t watched John put the necklace on. He shoved it in his pocket the second he snatched it from Sherlock's hand, but he could see the chain sticking out of his shirt of bit and the sight made Sherlock's heart swell. Yes, time. Time was what John needed and Sherlock would give him whatever he needed.
hard. He kept giggling with them and he wasn't telling them to go away. What’s worse was that poor Sherlock had to stand back and act like everything was okay when it wasn't. He knew John wouldn't go behind his back and hurt him, but he couldn't get rid of that horrible feeling in his stomach, this so called ‘jealously’ as John so wonderfully put it. It was awful and tedious and he didn't like it! Then again, everything was worth it for John, everything would always be worth it. It had only been four days and yet here he was, feeling as though he had known John for a life time.
Sherlock took his hand in his once more and looked at his mother. “John’s father kicked him out because he’s gay and now he doesn’t have anywhere to go.” John was angry with him for saying that... and he had an irrational fear that he would get kicked out again, but Sherlock knew that his mother wasn’t like that... he wanted to show John that not everyone was... he wanted John to have everything... even then.
John giggled and couldn’t stop and Sherlock thought it was the most beautiful thing in the whole entire world, “It’s called jealousy Sherlock… and you needn’t be jealous because I’m yours and yours only. I promise.”
There were a lot of things in John's life that he didn’t understand... He didn’t understand maths very well, and he didn’t understand how some people could hate Doctor Who, he definitely didn’t understand why the earth existed and what the point of being here was all about, but the thing John didn’t understand the most... the thing that haunted John in the middle of the night was how could he love someone that didn’t love him back? And not just that, he understood that people fell in love with others that didn’t return their feelings, but… How could he love someone who used him as their test rat and then broke them into little tiny pieces? He didn’t. That was the problem. John pondered over this for weeks before he figured out the answer and when it hit him it was really simple. John didn’t love Sherlock Holmes because he was in love with a fictional character. He was in love with the role Sherlock was playing and it was that night when he realised that the Sherlock Holmes he knew – the Sherlock he was in love with had died long ago. He was gone forever and he wasn’t ever coming back.
“Don’t give me that bullshit!” He snapped. He was livid that Mycroft was here because it had been three fucking years! Three years of not hearing anything! And even though Sherlock couldn’t be arsed to pick up a damn pencil and write a sentence down, Mycroft could! And even still, why the fuck was Mycroft in his room waiting for him to wake when he couldn’t even pick up a damn pencil?? He was livid with the man in front of him.
If Sherlock was being completely honest with himself he didn’t know how he was surviving... he had Rainbow and that was a good reason to live because it kept him close to John, and he had the work, but even that grew boring at times – at other times it was nearly impossible to think or solve a case because the memories of John wouldn’t leave him alone. There had been many times when Sherlock had tried to – well he didn’t want to think about that, but it had happened. There had been times when other people tried to kill him, and there were times when something much worse would almost happen. All of these things, except for the first one, would happen when he was trying to buy drugs... but the drugs were worth it, so he would endure the attempts at rape and murder just so he could buy that small bag of white powder. Besides, they never actually succeeded, Sherlock knew how to hold his own.
Lily looked from her son, to the hand that was holding John's, and then back up to his face. “Yes, he can stay here.” She was overjoyed that Sherlock had a friend and now it seemed as though Sherlock liked John as more than a friend. This was a dream come true for her, especially since Sherlock showed no interest in people at all. She just wanted her son to be happy and with someone who could see Sherlock for what she saw him. John's head shot up with so much happiness in his eyes that Lily’s heart squeezed sadly in her chest, it was clear this young boy had already endured a lot.
John also noticed the way he looked when he thought John wasn’t looking. He was fidgety, he was lost in thought, he had pained expressions on his face. Something had happened, he had gone through something, and he just wouldn’t tell John what it was.
Sherlock came over and sat next to John as they ate ice cream. John had already been watching the movie, but gladly restarted it when Sherlock arrived. John didn’t hold him like he said he would, but Sherlock didn’t mind, he still wasn’t sure he liked being touched even though it was John. By the end of it Sherlock was sobbing, but somehow John managed to keep it together. John wondered if it was because he felt like he couldn’t cry in front of Sherlock because he needed to stay strong for him or because he had cried so much he just didn’t have anything else left in him. He wanted to believe it was the former, but John was pretty sure it was the latter option and that made him feel pathetic once again. Perhaps though, he just didn’t care anymore, he had no more tears to shed for the man sitting next to him, and that option was actually rather appealing. He looked at Sherlock once the credits started rolling and took a breath.
John snapped back to the real world and dropped his hand like it had burnt him. “Oh, God. I’m sorry, Sherlock… I didn’t– I’m not– it wasn’t—” John was having a hard time putting words together because how did you even put the words together? Especially when he didn’t feel regret at doing so. He did, however, feel mortified that he had just done that. Really! What on earth was he thinking? Sherlock had made it absolutely clear on where he stood and he had just gone and grabbed the blokes hand like it was
Sigar’s eyes widened, but only slightly. “Oh, you know? Tell me, Sherlock, when did she tell you? Did she tell you how I begged her to get an abortion? But your mother here isn’t one to kill someone and apparently you were considered a life. Frankly, I think you’re a piece of worthless—“
Claire could have slapped him across the face, but she refrained herself. "What could possibly justify for you doing this to him? For you doing this to all of us?? What could make that okay?" She growled lowly.
“Oh, I wouldn’t kill me just yet if I were you.” He hummed, “I mean... I am probably going to die in a matter of minutes anyway, but if you kill me now you’ll never know.” He snickered and then coughed up some blood.
An older woman answered and she smiled brightly at him, “Oh! You must be a client!” She hummed happily. “He’s upstairs. Just walk in and keep in mind that if he yells at you, it’s with good intention. Poor boy has been through so much.” She sighed, staring wistfully at the stairs. She didn’t know why she was telling John this, but he looked like a nice man and she didn’t want him to run out looking terrified or upset like most of Sherlock’s clients did. Sherlock was unbearable when a client ran out on him and since there was no one around Mrs. Hudson was the one to get an ear full. Though, she would probably run out too if she hadn’t known him like she did.
“John!” Sherlock snapped a little louder, Jesus he was going to kill the man. And though Sherlock wouldn’t have minded, he definitely didn’t want John in jail.
“You were hurting Sherlock. You found out something that was really important to you and I watched as they laughed in your face… I knew you were right because you’re always right and there was no way in hell I was not going to do anything about it.” He smiled a bit and reached over to grab his hand.
“Oh, I wouldn’t do that if I were you. I know things that you should probably know before you pull that trigger.” He hummed and sat back, knowing John would take the bait. He watched as John walked closer to him, gun still fixed on his skull.
Sherlock shook his head as he laughed happily and begun writing his letter immediately. This had become one of his favourite things and he never procrastinated. He smirked once he finished and put it in an envelope, making his way to the mailbox and putting it in there. He whistled a small tune and then went inside, he was always happier on days that John’s letters came.
“Oh!” Sherlock gasps some and laughs as the tears finally slip from his eyes, “Right so you just want me to see you get married and then have me get the hell out of your life. I’m sorry John, but I can't do that. That’s asking far too much. You’re happiness will
"My-" John cut himself off. His what? He couldn’t say flatmate because then there was a chance he would be considered a suspect. He wasn't in the right mindset and wasn’t thinking clearly. "There's been a shooting..." He whispered like he couldn’t believe this was actually happening.
Mike panicked and ran to him quickly, “I’m sorry!! You told me to! I- This is my fault... tell me what you need.”
YOu want to know fucking what!!! My computer is fucking broken and I can't fix it!! It's new and it's having so many fucking problems!!
“Don’t talk about that here...” He whispered quietly and then slowly retracted his hand. “Sherlock... everything I did... everything I said... that
Sherlock's face fell and his jaw set. He was angry that someone would do that to John. His John, okay so he wasn’t
Sherlock because the drugs he was using took over his body and changed the way he acted – all drugs did to everyone. Just the fact that Sherlock even got addicted in the first place pained him, how could he not have seen this sooner? John knew how drugs affected people, he saw it growing up, he saw it in the military, and now he was experiencing it now! And he didn’t like it one bit. It made him sick to even think about the fact that Sherlock was doing them, and not only that, but he was doing them and
...............GUYS MY COMPUTER IS FINALLY FIXED!!!!! I'M SO FUCKING HAPPY!!! the old one broke completely and the new one was still away at the shops.... BUT NOW THEY ARE FIXED!!!
It pained John to feel that, but at the same time maybe that was for the better. Maybe they would grow together as one – like John said in his letters, if they got through this they could get through anything, but maybe they were just going to fall even further apart. John didn’t know what he would do with himself if Sherlock didn’t want him anymore, but was that even really fair? There was a huge chance that John didn’t want Sherlock anymore, so now it came down to: was he feeling this way because he actually cared about Sherlock now? That he could care for this new Sherlock? Or did he just hate the thought of someone not wanting him, someone he used to be so close to pushing him away? He pushed that thought down as quickly as it arose and walked into the flat, “Sherlock..?” He called out softly.
“Okay,” John narrowed his eyes and looked at him. “Then where exactly are we? Because I’m hung over and I don't feel well, but you can keep looking if you’d like. Just point me in the direction which is home and I will be on my merry way.” He smiled and kept walking with him, when Sherlock didn’t reply he spoke up again. “It’s also getting dark sooooo you should just admit that we are lost.”
John rolled his eyes, god he was such a fucking child. He picked up his suitcase and walked to the front door, “don’t know when I’ll be back.” He grumbled. “Maybe you can think about what’s more important while I’m gone. Keeping your fucking secrets, or keeping this relationship.” Sherlock didn’t say anything as he walked out the door and left the flat.
Sherlock nodded once and smiled softly, “Right, of course. Is there–” He paused for a brief moment and took a breath before continuing on, “Is there anything you need?”
“Then why are you here John!” He snapped and glared at him, “Because I can’t for the life of me figure that out! I keep thinking that you’ll end up leaving, but you keep staying! No one ever stays and yet here you are! You’re my friend... and I would even consider you my best friend, but I know you don’t feel the same!” He growled. “Sorry– just....” He swallowed thickly, “I’ve never had a friend because no one has wanted to be my friend and I don’t know.... I don’t know how to act.... I–“ He took a shaky breath and looked up at John, “I am so scared you will leave me, John, and I really can’t have that...”
“—Isn’t that right, John?”  John was snapped out of his thoughts by one of his rugby friends. John took his eyes off of Sherlock and looked at the kid, known as Alex.
John wasn’t an idiot and he knew exactly what Brian had wanted… even if a small part of him was hoping it wasn’t that. Even if he wouldn’t do it, but if he didn’t… if he didn’t then they would know and it wouldn’t just be Sherlock getting picked on, it would be him too! John really shouldn’t care that much about his reputation, but he did and if Sherlock didn’t realize it was about that before, he definitely would now… And it terrified John to think that Sherlock might not even want to date someone who cared about their reputation so much. “No, I’m not going to do it… you ruined his book so just let him go, yeah? I think he’s had enough and you’ve proven your point about being able to beat him up in a fight.”
“Nothing… it doesn’t matter… it was a shot in the dark, really... I don’t even know if it is true... best not to say it….” he blabbered. ‘Great, now I’m blabbering,’ he thought bitterly to himself. John was capable of doing strange things to him and he wasn’t sure he liked it. He wasn’t sure he didn’t like it, either.
Sherlock hummed and nodded, “You’re a Doctor. In fact you’re an Army doctor. Any good?” He pursed his lips and stepped closer.
He wrapped his arms around her and held her close for a long time. He drew in a deep breath and closed his eyes, “I had no other choice… please understand that." He said so quietly he wasn’t even sure she would hear him.
“Yeah, I just had one drink. I went to a pub and met a girl... I think she might actually still be there so we should go! If you want to anyway...” He shifted slightly.
“Nonsense. Isn’t the point of walking home together… walking home together? It would be rude of me if I let you walk the rest of the way by yourself.” Sherlock said matter-of-factly, sticking his hands into his pockets.
“I don't want you to use a rubber. I’m clean and so are you... I want to feel you.” He breathed and looked at him.
“Will you promise me something...?” He tried to keep his voice as steady as he could, he thought he succeeded.
can't they see that? Sometimes he wonders if he’s actually fine or if he’s just telling himself a lie to get through it all. He doesn’t eat... he rarely sleeps... and he doesn’t talk much... but then again he was like this before Sherlock came back.
He didn’t want to let it slide, but he didn’t have any other choice. He couldn’t blame John for what happened, however, he did for the longest time, but now he realised that this wasn’t John's fault... he did what he had to do, what he
Sherlock growled, “Well, what was I supposed to do? Do you know when the fuck he told me? ON MY BIRTHDAY! MY FUCKING
“I know, but I don’t want to leave you... what if something happens and I’m not here...” He swallowed and looked at Sherlock. It was stupid really, but John blamed himself for this happening to Sherlock. If he had left Sherlock alone and if he hadn’t come back they wouldn’t be sitting here, but then again he wouldn’t be sitting with Sherlock at all. Sherlock told him not to dwell on the past, but it was hard. Especially when someone John really cared about was currently in the hospital.
John could hear sounds in the distant of screaming and gunfire. Though, he was half asleep and thought maybe he was dreaming, or perhaps he was in that stage where you hear things, but they don’t register to your brain quite yet. He hummed as the screams and gunfire grew louder and louder and then someone was coming into his tent and was screaming his name. He bolted awake then and grabbed his rifle, which rested on the side of the bed when he was in his room. He ran out with Gavin and saw the whole camp had been turned to riot and bloodshed. Fire licked at the tents in the far distant, threatening to turn the whole camp into an inferno blaze. John swallowed as he realised it was in fact not a dream, he aimed his gun and started picking off the bad guys that ambushed them as he ran around covering his army mates. He was surprisingly a really good shot, he was impressed by that actually, not that he thought he would be shite, but he was definitely better than he could imagine. That skill only improved the longer he was there and by his second year he was the best shot in his camp, no, he didn’t go out in the field anymore, but sometimes he volunteered – or sometimes they asked him – and he would never turn that down… the chance of the adrenaline rush that filled his veins, something that didn’t quite feel the same working on people and stitching them up.
“Ah, but you don’t.” Sherlock studied John's actions and then before he could stop himself, he said something that was shocking coming out of his mouth. “I could help you if you want.” He furrowed his brow slightly at the words that just came out of his mouth. Now why would he offer this boy his help?? Oh well… nothing for it now.
John giggled as Miles told him a joke, “Nah, mate you’ve got it all wrong! You have-“ John was cut off by the army mailman walking towards them. He gasped and jumped up without finishing his sentence to Miles, but that was okay because Miles just smirked and watched him leave.
I'M SO SO SO SORRY BUT IT HAD TO HAPPEN. POOR JOHN I JUST WANT TO CRY. He is my baby and i'm not protecting him. ;-;
Sherlock felt betrayal run through every space in his body, how could his brother do something like this? “Do you know how much he put us through? John wasn’t in the right mind set while dealing with him. He was most likely saying things to John, forcing him to pull the trigger. He was
Sherlock grumbled a bit and then took a sip of his tea and smiled brightly. “Oh my!! This is so amazing, John!! Thank you so much for making me tea and inviting me into your home.” He said sincerely.
“I told you if he came back I wouldn’t be so nice. So tell me, Sherlock, why is he here?” Sigar drawled.
Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He held the locket in his hand and ran his fingers over the little lettering on the front of the heart. He knew that being so close to John all the time was dangerous and that he should be working on getting rid of Moriarty’s network, but he couldn’t seem to stay away... and that really fucking sucked because if he had managed to stay away he could have finished this much, much sooner.
Sherlock stiffened next to him and didn’t say anything for a long time, he honestly hated the pause he was giving John, but he needed to get his words together, “I think it’s better if you didn’t know...” He whispered.
John shifted and bit his bottom lip. Dammit Sherlock knew how to play him. This was wrong on so many levels… If they got caught it would go on their permanent record! They would go to jail! John’s life would be ruined, but at the same time… he could not refuse a face like that, he was a weak, weak man. He groaned as he climbed onto the dumpster and bent down for Sherlock to climb on his shoulders. “And how am I supposed to get in, genius?!”
The mailman handed over John's letter to him and John practically screamed. He felt all bubbly and happy and this was his favourite time of the week. He ran to his tent and sat on his bed as he slowly opened the letter.
Sherlock smiled a bit and gently pushed John off of him so that he fell into the mattress next to Sherlock. Sherlock reached on the floor and grabbed the towel that John had used earlier that morning to wipe his and John's stomach off. John had managed to not get hit with Sherlock's semen, but when he collapsed on top of Sherlock it just sort of smeared all over them. Once he finished cleaning off John’s stomach, he reached down and slowly pulled the condom off, tying off the end and then plopping it into the rubbish bin next to the bed. He gently grabbed John’s softening prick and wiped that off before dropping the towel and curling his body around John.
“If you don’t kill me you do realise I can just go tell Sherlock you’re a killer, right?” He swallowed and calmed down a bit.
Claire took a cab to Baker Street and sat in the silence of the flat as she cried. John wasn't the only one hurting, but Claire was hurting for a different reason. She knew Sherlock was alive... she
A while later he pulled away and started making arrangements for the funeral... He was the only one to attend.
Sherlock felt a pain fill his chest, he wanted to run and hide, but he knew that was illogical… Not to mention extremely childish. “Why? Are you embarrassed of me..?” He asked, because he was rather hurt that John wanted to keep this a secret.
Alright peeps! In the end notes there will be warnings for the chapters ahead, but they are also spoiler warnings!! So if you don't care about warnings and don't want to be spoiled then you can skip the end notes! (:
Sherlock woke up gasping and panting for breath. He swallowed hard and looked at the clock, it was only 03:07… He was covered in a layer of sweat and he knew he wasn’t going to go back to sleep anytime soon. Replaying the nightmare in his head it really shouldn’t have been as terrifying as his body made it out to be. There were just thousands of bunnies everywhere and they were running him down. They were going to get him and instead of a regular bunny face they had Lestrade’s crazy manic face on them. God, what had John done to him? He didn’t care though… Lestrade was taken in and he wouldn’t be able to come out.
He slowly stood up and started to make his way back to Baker Street, in truth he didn’t know why he gave the letters to Sherlock to read. He didn’t know if it was because he was hoping things would finally work out between them, or if it was because he wanted to prove a point that he did in fact write every day. Maybe it was the fact that he wanted Sherlock to experience all the pain he had felt, perhaps it was all of those reason. Honestly, John was just terrified though that he didn’t want it to work out at all – that the damage Sherlock had done was unfixable. He definitely knew he wanted things to go back to the way they were before, but things were different now... they had both changed so much and he knew that they would never be what they were before ever again. He wasn’t sure he wanted that – wanted a Sherlock like this.
“Because even though everyone thinks it’s not possible… even though I thought that myself up until four days ago… even though the world might not ever agree with our life choices… and even though your father hates you for it… I-“ He took a long shaky breath. This was hard for him, almost impossible really, but he wanted to do it. “I think I love you….”
Ted Watson scoffed, “I will not have a fag living under my roof with his faggy boyfriend! You’ll make me catch fagaria!”
Umbrella man hummed and leaned against his umbrella, “Oh, you most certainly can. You seemed to have moved in with one Sherlock Holmes. Is that correct?” He raised an eyebrow.
John's brain started to think of a million reasons why they couldn’t. He thought of how nice it would be to fall asleep in Sherlock's arms, but then thought about what would happen if his father were to catch him. His bed was far too small and in order for them to both stay on it they would have to squish together… normal teenage boys didn’t do that! But then again there was a high chance John was gay and Sherlock wasn’t normal at all so did it really matter…? “Ugh! Fine! Get in the stupid bed!” He threw the blankets across the room and walked over to the bed before climbing in. He watched as Sherlock climbed in as well and snuggled against John's chest.
John woke up to the smoothing hum of Sherlock's voice. He opened his eyes, but had to shut them again because the room was so bright. Jesus Christ, had he died?
It was much too soon… really very much too soon! “Patience really is a virtue, John!” He gasped and then squeezed his eyes shut. He heard John swear and apologise, but he didn’t take out, which secretly Sherlock was grateful… he just stopped moving and waited for Sherlock to get used to the feeling.
Sherlock chewed on his lip a bit, “okay.” He replied. Where the hell did he go with this now, well… he knew where, but perhaps there was still a way to get him to come back without having to do John’s condition. “Please come home.”
Irene smirked and took it. She slowly brought it up to her lips and kissed his hand before dropping it. “Oh, I can most certainly see that,” she hummed and then gave Sherlock a disapproving look.
Sherlock turned and glared at him, “Yes, well. Get used to it because this is who I am now.” He hissed and then climbed into the back of the cab without another word, and without waiting for John to climb in. Ah. So apparently he wasn’t waiting, the cabs in London were just slow today. Great.
John sighed, “Who’s this then?” He watched as the woman came over and started dressing him, it was a bit challenging because she had to untie one limb at a time, only to retie it back up, but John also wasn’t going to fight with a woman. That and the fact that they were dressing him made John feel safe, he didn’t feel a need to fight. Not yet anyway. He did however lose all respect for Mycroft and never wanted to see him again.
John smiled and ran a hand through Sherlock's mess of hair, “Obviously.” He rolled his eyes and then leaned in to kiss him gently.
actually I'm really not I'm probably going to go read 13 Reasons Why and then go to bed.... ahahah!!
John smirked, “Oh, that’s brilliant!” He snickered to himself, “All of those cases were my doing!” He spat. “So actually I think I will get away with this.” He grinned darkly and then walked over to Mycroft and began tying him up to the chair with some rope he found on the ground. Mycroft's phone was busted so he knew he couldn’t contact help anymore.
Ahhhh! I don't have a lot to say, other than this is another doozy of a chapter because I LIVE for drama.... heh. ENJOY!
Ok guys... I AM SO SORRY!!!! But my life has been hectic... My computer broke first of all and I couldn't write until i got a new one..... I had to wait for that to come in.... And then I moved states... I went from living in Utah, where all of my family still lives btdubs, to living in St. Louis because of a job, but hey!! The St. Louis job is giving me more money than what I made as a lifeguard so this way I can move to London faster! All part of the plan!! But I'm also a nanny watching children and I live with them so they are ALWAYS ON ME!!! And the eight year old can read so I can't exactly type this story while shes around... I just want you to know that I am not giving up on this story.. I HAVE EVERY SINGLE BIT OF IT WRITTEN OUT and if I gave up that would be stupid because I know what's going to happen so it is physically impossible for me to get writers block!
Sherlock swallowed and gently wrapped his arms around John, holding him tightly, “Perhaps not, but I could not live without you. I’m so proud of you John.” He whispered into his hair, “You were so strong and brave. I don’t expect you to ever forgive me, but I did this for you. I’m back now, my love, and I’m not going anywhere – not unless you want me to...”
“You mean Sherlock's? I dunno. Maybe..? It came with the flat.” He shrugged a bit. John was going to mention something about Sherlock's suicide, but this man was taking his role to heart - well sort of.. His personality was a bit off - and John couldn’t bare a breakdown, so he just walked into the kitchen and handed the insane man his tea. He sat down in his own chair and sipped it.
John sighed and made his voice go high, trying to impersonate a woman’s, “Dear Mr. Watson I would like you to get rid of the neighbour’s dog because it barks at night and I think one more night of this and I might go mental.” He shoved the paper in Blake’s face and then made his voice go back to normal. “Firstly, I’m not a bloody dog catcher and secondly, look at the price.”
“I’m driving as fast as I can, John... We’re almost there…” He swallowed hard. Mycroft was crying as well, but thankfully he was in the front so John couldn’t see and Sherlock was in no state to deduce.
After a couple hours he squeezed her knee, he had finally made up his mind – yes, it took him a couple of hours, but he finally got there. “Wanna get out of here?” He grinned at her.
“Do you even know how to drive!!” John flailed as a bullet shattered the back window. John screamed and ducked, making sure his body was completely flat.
John looked over and saw Lily swallow. Clearly she was not comfortable with the idea and before John even knew what was happening he stood up abruptly, knocking his chair back. “Excuse you!!! I am not going to let you sit here and degrade my boyfriend and then have you go up and rape your wife!! Frankly, I think you’re a disgusting man who feels the need to belittle others just so that you can get off on it!!! The meal that Lily made for us was fucking fantastic and the fact that you said it’s not is just another way for you to insert your dominance! You sicken me and I have no idea why your family puts up with it? Is it because you’re a powerful man? Probably, but guess what fucking hot shot I have absolutely nothing to lose! You’re a rude, arrogant, fucker and I think you should apologise and then leave and never fucking come back!!!!” He was screaming by the end of it and realised that he may have not been accurate about few things, but he didn’t care. He wasn’t Sherlock and it seemed to be the most obvious reasons for what he was doing. What he did care about was this family and he wasn’t about to let some arse hat of a man come in and torment them, even if he was Sherlock and Mycroft’s father.
him. Rainbow trotted over to him and meowed quietly, sensing his owners distress. Sherlock sat down and slowly opened the letter as Rainbow jumped into his lap.
Oh my gosh guys!! So many people commented and said that they read my notes, but they don't read anyone elses usually and that made me feel like a special son of a bitch and now I'm a cocky bastard so just know that that is all you're doing. (;
Brian answered the phone and Sherlock rather thought he was annoying so all he said was: “come over,” and then he hung up. Sherlock didn’t know why he kept insisting that a fuck would make him better because he had been doing this for three months and each day he would just fall further and further into depression. He had a suspicion Brian could sense it because he had become cuddlier in hopes of drawing Sherlock out of his funk, but if Sherlock was truly honest with himself he hated the cuddles more than anything. He didn’t really like to be touched, unless Brian’s penis was in him…
“I… umm– why did you cut me off...?” He shifted and rubbed his hands together. The beads of sweat started to drip down his face and his eyes were red rimmed. His breathing was shallow and he was so shaky, he felt like he was dying, but he didn’t care...
“Oh, Sherlock... I am so sorry.” He swallowed and grabbed Sherlock's free hand, squeezing it gently, before dropping it so Sherlock could eat properly.
Sherlock swallowed and looked down. “My father is coming and if he sees you, he will want to meet you.” He whispered.
“I know. But I like it when you take care of me. It’s sweet and shows your sensitive side.” He snickered some as Sherlock reached into the bag next to the bed to pull out the plastic.
Mycroft blinked, “I… thought that would be obvious. You spilled tea all over yourself, so I’m washing them of course.” He said slowly like that was the most obvious thing in the world, he supposed it would be to the Holmes boys.
Poor Sherlawk!! )): Dont worry! things get better... and then they get worse.. but just remember that there is always a light at the end of the tunnel! heh!
John stomped over to the side of the bed where Sherlock had fallen and thrusted the baggy in front of his face, “What the fuck is this!” He spat.
Eventually, she nudged him and he giggled, “It’s a shame you’re taken because you’re one of a kind.”
I. AM. SO. SORRY!!!! I feel so awful and I really have no excuse except for I was just fucking lazy from work. But working at Walmart is literally the worst job in the world.. or the one i work at anyway... plus i sort of had a slight writers block.. but its okay now!!!! I hope you enjoy this rather sad Chapter...
She laid down on the couch and nodded, “alright. It was good to see you.” She continued to smile at him, “you remember the way out? I’m going to take a kip.”
John stared at him opened mouthed. He was completely and utterly shocked. He thought that everything was fantastic, and he couldn’t possibly understand how the man could even say such things. Apparently, he was staring, though, and Sigar didn’t like that very much.
“I’m sick of the mess so I’m getting rid of it,” He growled. “Jesus Sherlock! Could you be any messier!” he huffed and reached for another bag.
Sherlock gave him a weak goodbye before slowly walking up to the guest bedroom and trying to find sleep for himself. He was finally home, and he was no longer in danger... He was certain it was going to be the best sleep he had had in a long time.
He stayed behind the tree trunk until John was gone and then slowly he went over and grabbed the locket that John had thrown, it took a little bit to find because it was dark and the locket was small. Eventually, though, he found it and placed it in his pocket. He stood up straight and breathed in the night fog before turning around and walking away. He had a mission to accomplish and the faster he could do that, the faster he could go home.
It was like everything was moving in slow motion, the adrenaline pumping in his veins harder than it ever had. He tried to pick up his pace, even though it felt impossible, because he noticed a bullet flying straight towards the boy. He lunged forward and tackled the young soldier to the ground. John searched his body frantically for any wounds and once he was satisfied he sat back, nodding firmly, “come on... we need to get you to–” pain shot through his left shoulder, letting out a strangled scream as he fell into the desert sand. The sand made its way into his mouth, his eyes, his nose, honestly everywhere the sand could get, but he didn’t care because the pain in his shoulder was unbearable. He screamed as he brought his right hand up to his left shoulder to apply pressure, turning his head to look. His eyes widened as he saw blood pouring out of him and getting everywhere. All over him, all over the boy he had just saved, all over his hand, all over the sand... the bullet that was headed for the young boy must have hit him when he tackled the boy to the ground. John kept screaming in unimaginable pain as the gunshot sounds faded, really he needed to stop screaming, but it was like he didn’t have any control over his vocal cords. The screaming from the others subsided, the noises from the explosions and gunshots faded, someone was talking to him, but he couldn’t hear it, he couldn’t hear anything. It was like he was underwater and everything was muddled and blurry. He blinked harshly, trying to get at least one of his senses back… at least that way he could make out who was talking to him, try and read their lips. However, the edges of his vision started to darken and the sounds became quieter and quieter until everything just went silent and dark.
John frowned a little and stood up. He pulled some pants and a shirt on and then walked over to Sherlock. “Hey… Talk to me, love. What is it?”
John swallowed and nodded slowly, not quite looking at him, “Well, at least you thought something, I was left in the dark… I thought you hated me at the very least, but I honestly just didn’t know... I did know you were alive though, I had my Commanding Officer check… I think I would rather think you were dead, than just experience silence.”
Fuck. Practice… he had forgotten and he had skipped out on it yesterday. He couldn’t miss it again so that would mean Sherlock would have to wait. A fake smile crept onto John's lips and he nodded. “’course, mate.” He watched as Alex’s face beamed. That was one good thing about being captain. He could help people and make them happy, if he couldn’t make Sherlock happy now, at least he had his teammates. He smiled and walked out of the room, going to the locker room to get changed.
“He’ll come around… I may or may not have pissed him off last night as well. He’s just taking it out on you because I just ignore him when he’s a prick.” Mycroft assured.
The last thing John could remember was his father kidnapping him and then falling into cold water. He didn’t want to talk about it, but they made him and that made Sherlock rather angry. They said they needed to make sure his brain was okay or something or another... Sherlock wasn’t really paying attention he was just focusing on John. He was standing in the back corner of the room, far away from John. He didn’t want to cause him stress and unrealistically he was hoping John hadn’t noticed him. They also told John that he would have been dead and at the bottom of the river right now if it hadn’t been for Sherlock. He didn’t make eye contact when they told him that, but then again he hadn’t been making eye contact with Sherlock since he had woken up. That killed Sherlock, but at the same time Sherlock didn’t blame him. And really… Sherlock didn’t think he would be able to handle eye contact anyway.
“YOU’RE BEING MEAN! AND NOW IT’S GONE AND YOU WONT DO THE SAME AND I– oh...” He blinked and groaned as he felt John’s mouth around his prick. He sniffled and opened his eyes to look at John, “You lied. Meanie.”
John swallowed and tried to step forward, but Sherlock took a step back so he stopped, “Maybe I should go make tea...” He wanted to yell back because Sherlock had no idea what
So i have attended eight funerals in the past year, all from close family members.... so i was going off how my funerals have worked... though i live in Utah and everyone that has died, except for two (The father and the daughter), have been Mormon... and though the father and the daughter weren't Mormon they had Mormon people plan their funeral... so i suppose that was the Mormon way of going about it because i don't know how funerals go when you aren't Mormon...
John sighed, “We’re going to a safe house, Sherlock. And I’m not happy with you, but I’m coming with you. I’ve already packed.”
together. Then when Sherlock offered to walk John home and John had actually agreed. Not to mention the fact that John sat next to him on Monday even though he had no reason to, and could hardly take his eyes off of him today. “No, actually I think I will have your boyfriend do it. Right here.” He trailed his freehand down to Sherlock's stomach.
“And why not? I have made it perfectly clear where I stand and you are still confused. In any case, it’s just sleeping, John.”
“HE KILLED SEBASTIAN!!!” Moriarty screamed and tears started to form in his eyes. Sherlock suspected they were angry tears.
They ended up staying there for three days before John got a call. Sherlock hadn’t even moved from the couch, except for when he had to pee. He hated himself for not being closer to John, he could have had more time with him, but it was too painful to even entertain that fact – let alone act upon it. John sighed and answered his phone, “Hello?” He was silent for a minute and then his face dropped, all the colour flushing out from him, “Oh my–“ He choked out and swallowed, “No! I’ll be there in a minute just – fuck!” He hung up and threw on his coat as he grabbed some shoes, they didn’t even match, but Sherlock knew the last thing on his mind was properly matching shoes. “Sherlock, we’re going.” He said gravely.
Sherlock closed his eyes and swallowed hard, he didn’t want to tell John, but at the same time he couldn’t lie to him. He deflated in John’s grip and refused to look at him, “less than five minutes.” He whispered.
John laughed a breathy laugh, “I know... I did date you for a year – two and a half if you count the letters we actually sent.” He smirked slightly.
Mycroft frowned, “Not even going to deduce them? Pitiful.” He sighed and stepped forward, “Well, the one I thought wouldn’t happen is I would come up here and you wouldn’t have cared what you had just done. In that case I would have shot you and we would have moved on with our lives. However, you
“Sister! There’s always something!” he groaned and then had a moment of sulking before smiling at John. They continued walking for a while, it was already getting dark and Sherlock really didn’t want to walk home, but he was the one that insisted he came along.
The Doctor smirked. “Wanna go somewhere?” He waggled his eyebrows and watched as a giant grin appeared on Sherlock's face.
She wanted to scream and punch him again, but refrained, “John! That’s because you haven’t gotten to re-know each other. It’s like when you’re just starting a relationship you get to know that person. And when you’ve been in a long term relationship you get to watch them change slowly so you barely even notice... and even if you do you don't care because it was gradual and they are still them. Because people do change, everyone does, but you haven’t spoken to him in three years! You’re basically living with a stranger! The Sherlock you knew is dead, he’s gone. And the John he knew is also gone. You guys are trying to pick up where you left off and it won’t ever work. Maybe it would have worked if you guys constantly wrote to each other for those four and a half years, but you didn’t. So now you have to start all over.” She huffed.
“Come on, John!! It’s a crime scene! There’s a body in there! If I can just climb through the window I can examine the body while the stupid police officers drink their tea!” he huffed, as he jumped up on the dumpster, trying to grab onto the windows edge.
“He’s heartbroken... though he tries not to show it and he’s starting to find comfort in me.” He said some as he sifted through his closet, looking for a reasonable suit to wear. He started to strip and Mike sighed.
John wants to scream, but he doesn’t, “Fuck off, Sherlock Holmes!” He growls instead. ‘I’m sorry. I can't.’ And with that John leaves.
Anyway! I hope you enjoyed that chapter after almost two years of not updating. fuckkkkk I've probs lost all my readers and if I haven't lost them they'll probably have to read it again. oh well. I had to read it again before I could write this chapter and it was a wild ride. I do love this story so much, despite the fact that it has so much drama I don't know how to live. hahah
John ate the ice cream right out of the tub as he watched The Notebook. He was a sobbing mess because Sherlock had just practically ripped his heart out of his chest and The Notebook was a rather sad movie. John told himself he was crying because of the movie and not because of Sherlock, but he knew it was a mix of both. And that notion about how men didn’t cry unless they were weak was bullshit. John could cry, he could cry and he could feel sorry for himself as long as he was able to pick himself up at the end of the day and move on. Which he would be able to. The Notebook had always been one of his favourites and he hadn’t seen it in four and a half years, probably even longer in all actuality.
Damn. if you read Tulips then you know that I suck at Chapter Summary's, but i also had leaving them blank.... or like anything blank... which is why the notes are basically just like bingle bongle dingle dangle yickety doo yickety dah ping pong lippey toppy too tah which is also my code word for sex... well fuck.
He grumbled to himself and hobbled down the stairs because if he didn’t hobble someone would see and then his cover would be blown and he was not having that! Although, he really did hate this limp so he was really hoping something exciting and dangerous would happen soon so that he could ‘forget’ about it.
“Sorry. I couldn’t find my gun because it wasn’t where I last put it.” Mycroft scrunched up his face, clearly blaming Sherlock for the misplacement of his gun. Sherlock just rolled his eyes at him in return.
Sherlock thought about rejecting it, but didn’t. He slowly took the cup and sat up. He looked down into the mug and swallowed hard. He didn’t know what to say, but he wanted to talk to John about so many things... he was just frightened.
When the cab actually did finally show up, Sherlock flailed and went to sit in his seat, like he hadn’t just spent the last three hours pacing. He didn’t want John to know how eager he was; how nervous he was that John might not come. Though, John could probably tell just by looking at him… he did have a way with knowing what was always up with Sherlock, even when Sherlock thought he was hiding it well.
REDPANTS221B I HOPE YOUR BIRTHDAY WAS BRILLIANTLY FANTASTIC!!! (and though I dont know who you are or where you live or how old you turned....) I AM GIVING YOU THIS AS MY PRESENT! happy birthday, boo!!!
broken. He collapsed on the ground and started heaving in breaths of air as he let out strangled sobs, his face pressing into the ground as he sat on his knees. he couldn’t remember a time in his life where he had even cried this hard. It wasn’t even like crying, just gasps of breath with cries of agony coming out. The sounds strangled like someone was wrapping their hands around his neck and squeezing as hard as they could. He wrapped his hand tighter around the necklace and then threw it as hard as he could, not fucking caring where it landed or where it went, "I HATE YOU!!!" He screamed as he cried into the grass. He knew he would hate himself later for losing the only part of Sherlock that was special to the both of them, but right now he couldn’t even be arsed to care. "I hate you! I hate you. I hate you......" He whimpered and stayed there until everything went dark around him, the air growing cold, the fog forming in the night, and he was alone.
“But it wasn’t his fault! He was just a baby! And last time I checked it wasn’t her fault for breaking the fucking rubber! That just happens sometimes!” He snapped.
John narrowed his eyes, “You heard me. I’m not going to repeat it if you heard me. You’re not my fucking mum, you’re not my lover. So just let me die.” He sighed heavily.
It had been a year and eight months. Eight seemed to be an unlucky number for Sherlock, but today was his birthday and it happened to fall on a Monday! He had a bunch of people over because his mum insisted. Okay, so a bunch was being exaggerative, but there was Cakeman and his mum. There was also Zack and Brian. Brian wasn’t here yet, but he was coming. Sherlock was a bit bitter because all he wanted was John and he wasn’t here and his mother had told him that his father was coming to this party! He also had to wear a pointy hat and that angered him.
He clenched his jaw and then hung up. He did need to leave. He swallowed hard and went back to Sherlock, “Hey...”
John woke up a day later in his bed. His bed was giant and made of the softest sheets he ever had the pleasure to touch. John loved his bed more than anything and it was actually the only reason he ever actually slept. He groaned a bit, slowly opened his eyes, and saw Mike sitting in one of his chairs in the corner of the room.
The room was silent as bright light flooded through the blinds and danced on the floor. It was calm and peaceful as though nothing could ruin what seemed like the beginning of a perfect day. Sherlock and John were cuddled up next to one another sleeping. Sherlock hadn’t slept this well in what seemed like an eternity and John was just happy to be cuddling with him. They were asleep, however, and probably would have appreciated the feeling much more had they been conscious.
“Well I could ask you the same exact question… tell me does your girlfriend know you are cheating on her?” Sherlock drawled, as he smoothed out the sleeve of his shirt where Anderson had yanked him.
Sherlock smiled back and leaned forward to kiss him, “Now, where would you like to go to buy clothes?”
“Very well,” He knew it was wishful thinking, but he had been hoping John would tell him it was okay and that he didn’t need to press forward. Finally, he found the strength and pressed forward, his hand playing with the leather on the chair. “I was only supposed to be gone six months, a year at the most, but something happened. It was talking longer than I had anticipated so around six months I knew it would take another six, but then…” he looked away and picked at the leather. “A mission went wrong. I didn’t take into account that there could be wire trips and so I activated one. It was a stupid, stupid mistake, but it cost me everything.
John awoke to the wonderful smell of coffee. He yawned and rubbed a hand over his face while he waited for Sherlock to wake up. However, an hour passed and Sherlock was still dead to the world. John was bored out of his mind and he didn’t feel comfortable roaming the house without him… so he decided to wake Sherlock up, but not in any normal way, oh no. John leaned over and pressed his lips to Sherlock's ear then slowly slid his tongue inside and wiggled it around.
Sherlock snapped his eyes opened when he heard commotion in the room and felt as the heavy weight that was on top of him left. He sat up abruptly and scrambled to get his shirt back on. He was heaving in breaths and watching as a police officer was wrestling with Lestrade and putting hand cuffs on him.
more… but he just had this feeling. “Also tomorrow I’m going to stop paying for my motel and just move my stuff in here, if it doesn’t end up working you can tell me to bugger off, but I spend all of my time here anyway. I’m wasting money that I don’t have.” He sighed loudly.
“Will you cover my cast in plastic so I can shower?” He smiled even sweeter, Sherlock honestly didn’t think that was possible, but here he was.
“I’m sorry. My mind was somewhere else… What was that?” He felt like a twat admitting that. They had probably been talking to him this whole time and he wasn’t even listening.
The door opened and John looked at Sherlock sitting in his chair, he sighed slightly and shook his head, “I know you were pacing the window. Also, you didn’t have to clean.” He deadpanned. He wanted to smirk slightly, he wanted to smile, but he didn’t dare. Because right now he wasn’t even sure this was going to work out.
John swallowed and nodded slowly, this was their last time for years and he wasn’t going to pass it up. He helped Sherlock pull off his pants once his were off, they both laid there naked for a moment, just relishing and memorising each other. Sherlock and John didn’t sleep in anything but their pants so there weren’t any shirts or trousers to take off and that was always nice. After a moment he slowly moved forward so their bodies were pressing together, he loved being this close to Sherlock because he felt wanted... of course, he knew Sherlock wanted him, but it just felt different. John pressed his face into Sherlock's neck and whimpered a bit. They weren’t doing anything special, they weren’t even moving at the moment, but it was their last time for eight years and possibly ever.
“Bye, Mummy!” he said with a smile which was held for two reasons: the first being because he was always happy to see his mother, but the second was because his father had already left and he didn’t have to deal with him.
When John woke up he groaned slightly and moved his hand to scrub at his face, only, when he pulled on it, it was tied to something. His eyes snapped opened and he saw that his hands and legs were tied to Mycroft's bed. His hands strapped to the headboard, while his legs were tied at the foot of the bed. What the actual fuck, Mycroft? He looked around the dimly lit room, trying to figure out why he was tied up exactly, and sighed when he didn’t notice anything. What he did notice however, was that his trousers and shirt were gone and he was just lying in the bed in his pants, the necklace resting gently on his chest. Well, at least Mycroft didn’t touch that.
Mycroft was sitting at the table and when he heard Sherlock come down the stairs he sighed and set his paper down. “This has been going on for long enough... Don’t you think?” He drawled.
He grabbed his coat and ran out the door. He needed to find Zack and fast. Sherlock knew he was probably being a bit overdramatic... John was probably just sitting with Zack and they were watching lame movies and the reason he missed school today was probably because he didn’t want to see Sherlock.... Hell Sherlock didn’t want to see Sherlock. But he knew that wasn’t true. Zack and him had a fight, it was etched all over his face.
John’s mind came back to reality after the thought and he started to pay attention to the screen again, he hadn’t missed much, just Sherlock walking. Sherlock had pulled out his phone at some point during John's thought and was currently dialling someone, a couple of seconds passed and he just threw the phone on the ground and started to punch the wall over and over again. John swallowed thickly and wanted to look away, but didn’t. He was thankful that there wasn’t any sound because he was certain that Sherlock would be screaming and he couldn’t bare it if he could hear Sherlock's screams as well.
"Of course they were me!" John snapped, "Who else would they be? See, people think you are so fucking smart, but I can outwit you!"
Mycroft cleared his throat awkwardly and Lily sat in her seat, shocked. She had never met a boy as wonderful as John. Someone who took care of her son and made him happy. And not only did he take care of her son, he tried to take care of them too when no one else would. Her eyes flicked to the door and she had a fleetingly thought she should go after him, but she didn’t dare move because she was afraid of what Sigar would do…
“Always,” Sherlock shot back with a grin. He had never had a friend before and John made him feel happy. He briefly wondered if this was what having a friend felt like as they walked in comfortable silence. He always wondered what the point of friends were, but if this was what it felt like then how did he go so long without one? Though that was hardly his fault, no one ever wanted to befriend him. After a long while John spoke up.
At the same time though John knew he would never leave Sherlock because he loved him too much. Maybe he only loved the Sherlock he once knew and not the one he knew now, but his brain couldn’t understand that Sherlock wasn’t the same person he once was. His brain kept telling him that things would eventually go back to the way they were they just needed time. That part pained John because he wanted so much to go back to the way things were, but deep down he knew time wasn’t going to be able to fix this. Sherlock had once told him not to dwell on the past because you couldn’t go back and change it, but John couldn’t help dwell on the past. He found him doing that mostly every second of every day, but he just wanted to be happy with his lover again... No, he didn’t want to go back and change the past, if someone told him he could go back in time and stop himself from joining the army… well, he wouldn’t take it. He didn’t regret his decision, even if this was the outcome. Most days though it felt like Sherlock didn’t even love him, just tolerated him – if that – and that hurt so much.
He didn’t want to get out of bed and he really didn’t want to leave the house, but he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to go to Sherlock's grave and talk to it. As weird as that sounded in John’s brain he was hoping that it would at least make him feel better. Maybe he wouldn’t be such a depressed twit if he got up and did something. He had read somewhere once that actually getting up and getting ready for the day made you feel better, John didn’t really care enough to test that out, but today was different.
“Wanna know something?! I couldn’t give a shit about what your father thinks!” He smiled and kissed his forehead. “We’re in this together, yeah? So, we’re going to face it together.” Then he smirked, “also the thought of you having feathers is the funniest thing in the world to me, I want to ruffle them every day.”
“Umm.. John..” John blinked rapidly and then shook his head a bit. The man in front of him was so peculiar and weird. He was dressed so awkwardly and John had a slight feeling that this man was off his rocker. “And yours?
“The little girl sobbed even more. ‘I-I'm River...’ She stuck her finger out so the fairy could shake it. River giggled and knew that she had found a friend instantly. She didn't feel so lonely anymore.
They ate the salad next and soon the main course came out. It seemed to be some sort of fancy salmon dish. John couldn’t really tell, but when he took a bite his mouth flooded with all sorts of flavours and it was one of the best things he’d ever tasted in his whole life. He was about to make a comment, but Sigar beat him to it.
Sherlock felt like crying... He felt like crying a lot of the time these days, but he always managed to hold it in, "His life." He whispered.
John looked down to his lap and took a breath, he felt the same about Sherlock so he understood, still… it spoke a lot about how they saw themselves. Some might call it selfless, but to John he wasn’t sure if that were the case, or if he just hated himself to some extent. Perhaps, a bit of both. “You killed people.” He finally said before raising his eyes to look at Sherlock.
"Two..." She waited and when he still didn't do anything she growled, "Three!" and tackled him to the ground, sitting on top of him.
Sherlock walked through the door of Baker Street and smiled at John, “Hi... sorry I made you leave, I just didn’t want to scare her because she hasn’t seen you in four and a half years and she thinks you’re dead...” He said softly as he walked over to John and kissed him.
John tried to knock his father over, but his dad was obviously stronger and this time he expected John’s attacks. He picked John up and then slammed him to the floor and pinned him down
John whimpered and shook his head, though he knew they couldn't see. He just blurted out the address and ran.
John hummed and ran his hands up Sherlock's arm and into his hair. He heard Sherlock chuckle softly and that just warmed his heart. After a while John felt a tugging at his shirt. He bit Sherlock's lip softly and then pulled away so that Sherlock could take off his shirt. Before the army he never wore shirts to bed, but he did all the time now, he was self-conscious of his scar and Sherlock never complained that he was wearing a shirt anyway.
John was quiet as his eyes slowly started to close. He was so tired and the room was spinning and everything hurt.
!! That day was the worst day of my life! And now I hate my birthdays! Most people look forward to them, but mine make me want to die!”
They fell into silence, it was a bit awkward, but not to the point where it was excruciating. A few minutes later John had finished half of his sandwich and had taken his pills. Claire bit her lips some and looked at him for a moment before speaking, “You done?”
John’s heart just dropped and he swallowed hard. Mike just decided to go through with it... The big plan had been set in stone for months and he knew that John wasn’t going to do a damn so he did it himself. This was it.... This was the end... And it killed John.
Claire smiled a bit and then went to the kitchen to make him some dinner and fetch his pills out. John was in the shower for a while, but she wasn’t expecting something quick. He needed to get used to his surroundings again. An hour later John came out dressed in his pyjamas, he sat at the kitchen table, and then looked at her, “You made me dinner...?” He wasn’t hungry at all, but he felt bad letting it go to waste.
“Yes!! Yes, come in, please!! I have so many questions I want to ask you, Doctor.” He knew his name. He had no idea who the woman was, but he knew that this man was called The Doctor. He had asked around everywhere until someone finally knew what he was talking about. That was a good day.
she does that to me on instagram all the time.... actually if my mother found this i would be grounded until satan rose up from the ground and melted all of the snow in the world.
John swallowed hard and then reached forward and grabbed it from her hands, “Thank you...” He whispered quietly.
“Oh… well then I guess this is goodbye. See you on Monday?” John said, a little sad that their time together was over, especially when he didn’t make the most of it. This was most likely a one off thing too, he didn’t really think Sherlock would continue talking to him after given his position at the school. He was a rugby boy after all.
“Fascinating use of words,” Sherlock said dryly. “I assume you are drawing all over your homework because maybe, perhaps, you don’t get it?”
John growled a bit and then groaned. He flew his hand up to his shoulder and clenched it tightly to apply pressure. “Oh you know... a cuppa would be fantastic!” He groaned and when Mike stood up to leave, probably to go get the tea, he groaned more and rolled his eyes. “NOT REALLY!!”
“But I- I don’t understand... Did I do something..? I’m sorry... Please don’t do this... I love you... and I promise to make up for whatever I did that hurt you.” He swallowed down the lump that was forming in his throat as he held the roses tightly in his hand.
Days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months and there was no sign of Sherlock… John began to get angry and resentful, but he didn’t stop writing because he needed answers. If he wrote enough times Sherlock would get pissed off and write back, right? Even if it was to tell him to fuck off. He knew he wasn’t dead, or deathly ill. He had contacted the Commanding Officer and they were kind enough to look into it for him. No death records, no missing person reports, and no hospital visits. Sherlock had honestly probably just tired of him, but to ignore him instead of writing back saying that was bloody immature.
“You umm... you were checking out a group of guys as we left the school… like I said it was just a guess.” John’s tone didn’t sound upset, but the long silence told him otherwise. He was still going to tread lightly.
Eventually John caught up with Sherlock once they were well off of school grounds. He smiled and tried to catch his breath. “Slow down would you? I’m a thirty-eight-year-old man, remember?!”
Sherlock chuckled softly and brought John's hand up to kiss it. After about ten more minutes of walking aimlessly, he sighed and looked at John, “Alright.... we may be a tad lost.”
John took a breath and squeezed his hand again, he was silent for a long time. “I- I forgive you. I want you to know that now. I forgive you with everything in my body. That being said, my anger may come out from time to time. But it’s like you said, we will get through this. There is no doubt about that in my mind and honestly, I am incredibly happy to marry you.” He breathed.
“Mummy!” Sherlock squirmed out of her grip. He was extremely embarrassed and as red as a tomato. Even if him and John had met sooner this would be the exact reason why he would resolutely not bring him home! Well, okay, he had met John sooner. He had known John since they were seven, but they never spoke. Still, John was always the one who never bullied him. Sure, he didn’t exactly stop the other players, but he didn’t engage.
John closed his eyes and then lunged for his father, knocking them both on the ground. He tried to calm his anger, he really did. He knew he had anger issues and he knew where those anger issues came from. But this time he couldn’t just push down his rage and do nothing.
John blinked a bit and then narrowed his eyes, “Is that what this is about? You could have picked up a fucking pen and piece of paper yourself, you know!”
John closed his eyes as he laid on the floor.  “I was at a diner, I think… I don’t remember. And then I remember coming here for clothes, but it’s all a bit of a blur after that.”
Lestrade laughed. “Oh, but he’s not now is he? No, you kicked him out! He had nowhere to go so he confided in me, however, he didn’t show up for our little adventure so I suppose that you will have to do.” He smirked and started to unbutton Sherlock's shirt.
Sherlock swallowed hard and closed his eyes, John would never forgive him, John would never know why he did this, but it was better than watching John die on his hand.
“That isn’t funny…” Sherlock grumbled, but smiled a bit at John. His sweet bright John, always finding the good in things even after a tragic event. He had no doubt in his mind that the last twenty-four hours were hell for John, but here he was, trying to make Sherlock laugh.
“Oh, I’m John,” He gave a tired smile as he took the Coke from Claire’s hand and looked up at her face. She happened to be giving him the stink eye, but he couldn’t care less at the moment.
Sherlock just nodded numbly and followed John to the bedroom. They got ready for bed and John fell asleep almost instantly after saying goodnight. Sherlock couldn’t sleep at all, but he also didn’t blame John for falling asleep – they dealt with grief differently, he understood that. He slowly stood up and walked to his mother’s room. He climbed into bed with her and wrapped his arms around her thin body, so fragile Sherlock thought that maybe the wind could manage to break her bones.
“The phase of me beating you up?” He pursed his lips. “Mmmm, no… That’s where you are wrong. You piss me off and I genuinely like beating you up, this isn’t a phase. Now stand up! I want a challenge, rainbow!”
Sherlock winced a bit, he supposed that was a rather stupid question to ask. He should have phrased it better. “You can come live with me, I have a—”
John walked up the steps to the house and opened the door with his key that Sherlock had given him. He pushed opened the door and saw Sherlock sitting on the couch. John smiled brightly at him and put his bags on the floor as he ran up to Sherlock and hugged him tightly. “I’m so sorry, love! I had errands, but I’m home now and we can spend the remainder of the day together!” He hummed as he kissed Sherlock on the nose and smiled.
John swallowed and closed his eyes, he had more words to say, but he was too exhausted. “It doesn’t have to be like that! I’m here now... it will be okay...” He said softly, reaching out to touch Sherlock's arm.
Sherlock sat in his seat as he waited for John to walk into the room, usually John was already in here, but today he wasn’t. That was a bit odd to Sherlock, but maybe he was finally hanging out with his friends again. Sherlock pulled out his papers and wrote a few things down until he saw Zack and Brian walk into the room. He frowned when there was still no sight of John! He almost asked Zack where he was, but then he remembered he couldn’t do that, not only would it raise suspicion if John was just sick, but Zack would probably end up punching him.
Brian hummed and gathered Sherlock up in his arms as he kissed the top of his head, “well, if I didn’t know any better I would think that it was my birthday.”
John felt his heart shatter and his world collapse. He honestly felt worse than when Sherlock was dying, at least that way he still loved John. “Nope... No, you don’t mean that... What we have is real and I know it was. It wasn’t an experiment – it couldn’t have been an experiment – because it went on for
John felt the car jerk and speed off down the road. He sighed again even though he was slightly terrified now, but at the same time he knew it was only a matter of time before his father found him. He honestly had nothing anymore… John knew that was stupid because he had a whole life ahead of him and things would get better, but right now he was grieving and he just hurt. He wanted the pain to go away so maybe this wasn’t so bad after all. “How did you get out from.... wherever you were?” He drawled.
The man opened his mouth, but nothing came out so he cleared his throat and opened it again, “Mycroft Holmes...”
Sherlock's heart broke, he hated seeing John like this, seeing what he did to the boy – well, now man he supposed. “John.” He said softly as he cautiously stepped forward. “I'm not a figment, I'm real. It's really me and I didn't die... Pl-” His voice cracked and he closed his eyes, clearing his throat and trying again. “Please step away from the ledge.”
John blinked at him for a minute because really? The fact that he seemed to think two weeks ago since they were intimate was equivalent to twenty minutes ago blew John's mind, but also you couldn’t even call what they did two weeks ago intimacy! “You didn’t even finish!” John growled, before taking a breath and calming himself down. “I think the whole meaning of a blow job is for me to actually have an orgasm!” He grumbled and crossed his arms over his chest, raising his eyebrow at Sherlock.
Sherlock swallowed and pulled away from him, the touch of the man making him feel nauseous. He walked to the edge and looked down; people were walking on the pavement at the bottom, unsuspecting.
The doctors worked on John quickly, although there was nothing to really work on. He miraculously woke up and that was that. Once they were sure John was fine they told him about what happened and asked him questions.
John nodded and looked more closely. He looked at all the tulips and wondered why that was the only flower they had in the secret cove he had found. “Why tulips?”
AYYYYYE!!!!! SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SORRY I HAVE BEEN GONE!!! But we got a cruise for Christmas so that is where i have been mwhahah!!! i met this British lady who worked on the boat and she told me about how i should apply for these things called holiday parks and i looked them up and they look so banging but I'm American so i don't know if i could do that and i emailed them and they never replied.... that's so sad to me!!
John stared up in horror as he watched his best friend – and lover – fall down to the ground. The sound of the body smacking against the pavement was deafening, even from so far away. He felt like he couldn’t breathe and the weight that was crushing down on him was almost unbearable. He stood up from where he was kneeling and started running to the younger man, he felt like his legs wouldn’t even move. Like he was stuck in a nightmare where you couldn’t run and the person chasing you was gaining on you, only this wasn’t a nightmare. This was real.
“I’ll come back to you, Sherlock. I promise. I love you.” He smiled and pulled away to look at his face.
It wasn’t until eight in the morning that his phone started ringing. He blinked rapidly when he saw that the DI’s number was flashing on the screen. How the hell did he know that Sherlock was alive? Had John gone to him and told him of the unsettling news? That honestly didn’t make any sense, him and John weren’t close… He only knew John because of Sherlock and ever since Sherlock's ‘death’ they hadn’t spoken.
Anderson just blinked at him and then growled. “You’re a freak! What kind of person likes to look at dead bodies anyway?!” he yelled.
“Mummy!” Sherlock squirmed out of her grip. He was extremely embarrassed and as red as a tomato, but he would give anything to go back to that moment...
What was next! He felt like he was drowning which was really ironic considering the fact that he almost did! And then it dawned on him. Pulse! Check for a pulse!! Sherlock's brain was whirling around with everything he needed to do because he
A slow smirk spread across Sherlock's face and he looked John over. “Alright… maybe a little bit.” He started to giggle with John, but then winced.
John swallowed hard and hid behind the wall like he had planned. He could hear Sherlock open the door and walk inside. His heart sunk to know that this was actually happening, but he had to be strong and toughen up.
John sighed and scrubbed his face. “Am I an intimidating person? I would like to think so, but yet I get job after job asking me to do something stupid for little amount! And don’t get me wrong Bill... I don’t need the money... I really don’t! I have more money than I know what to do with, but it’s the principle! If I let one person slide then my name will start to go down and people will start talking saying I’m a pushover, BUT APPARENTLY PEOPLE DON'T TAKE ME SERIOUSLY ANYWAY!!” He screamed.
“Shh!” Mycroft growled. “Just let him talk for a minute.” He turned his attention back on John, “what happened next..?”
Mycroft pursed his lips, but gave him a gun and the address anyway, “Go get him... and if you do end up... well, killing him for your own protection... I’ll make sure you don’t serve time for this.”
John let a soft smirk play on his face, “I’ve been told by many people that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t have a heart.”
“Sherlock! For God’s sake! I need the money or you don’t get the coke!” Kevin sighed. “We literally went over this a half hour ago.”
John walked into their – no… his – flat and slowly sat down in his chair. He stared at the wall and didn’t say anything, he didn’t have the energy to talk, but it didn’t matter because what did you even say in a situation like this?
"Because I'm really him, John... You threw it at my funeral and I went to grab it." He said quietly. "I owe you a thousand apologies, but I don't–" before he could get another word out John punched him right in the face and Sherlock stumbled back some and groaned, blood gushing out of his nose. "I deserved that..." He whimpered slightly, his hand coming up to pinch the bridge of his nose.
“John, I don’t know what I’m doing wrong and I can’t help you if I don’t know what’s wrong with you... So do you want to talk about it?” He asked softly, patting on John's shoulder.
“Ah, that I do. Which is why you’re going to commit suicide... that will destroy John and kill you at the same time. I see a win-win in this situation.” He smirked and walked towards the edge.
“What...? I’ve known you for like four days and not once have you thanked me for ‘making you a better person’.” John grumbled beside him and narrowed his eyes even more, Sherlock thought if he narrowed them anymore he wouldn’t be able to see anything.
“Oh, chillax!” She hummed, taking on an American accent when she said ‘chillax’ – it was actually quite good, “It just happens to taste the best, I think.”
“When I’m talking to you, you look at me! Do you understand?!” He spat, and kicked at his foot slightly.
John chuckled softly and followed him without hesitation. He climbed into bed with Sherlock and rested his head against Sherlock's chest, “Why do I get the feeling that this is going to become our room?”
He grabbed a jacket and then walked out to hail a cab, riding in cabs were hard for John without Sherlock by his side... that was one of the things they did frequently together and even though it was such a small thing, it hurt John terribly. John told the address to the cabbie as he leaned back and kept his eyes shut.
John sniffled and looked up at Zack. He was an attractive boy... Tall and defined. He just wanted comfort and Zack was giving him that. He swallowed and buried his head against Zack's chest and just continued to cry.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE COMMENT AND KUDOS AND SUBSCRIBE!! Literally you don’t have to subscribe or kudos, but I REALLY LOVE READING THE COMMENTS SO YOU SHOULD REALLY DO THAT! And you can even comment if you don’t have an account mwhahahaa isn’t life swell?
Claire swallowed thickly and went to make some tea. She didn’t know what else to do and at the moment she felt useless. Soon the tea was done and she walked back over to John, setting the mug down next to him, she knew he wouldn’t drink it, but at least this way he could have something to hold in his hands if he wanted to. She went to sit in Sherlock’s chair, but the look John gave her made her think twice about it. The couch it was then...
Sherlock swallowed hard, knowing exactly what she was calling for, “I... I missed him...” He whimpered. “This is just as hard for me as it is for him. Don’t give me that.” He bit out, how could she call him and yell at him?
“I want to hear your voice. Please… Tell me a story – A happy one preferably.” He struggled for air a bit and closed his eyes.
“Right, sorry. Please continue!” John rolled his hand in the air as he bowed slightly, giving Sherlock the floor.
John slowly stood up and walked about the flat more when Mrs. Hudson appeared, “Well, since there’s two of you, there’s another bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing it.” She hummed and smirked at Sherlock who flushed.
John walked to his room and got dressed in one of his suits. He slicked back his hair and put his gun in the back of his trousers. He swallowed hard and took a deep breath. He splashed water on his face and told himself over and over again that he could do this. He stood up straight and took a deep breath and then walked to the pool.
Anyway its Feb 19, 2018. I wrote this chapter five years ago and am editing it now. so thats nice. hello from the future past me was clearly going through some tough shit.
John choked on a sob and looked up at Sherlock. He didn’t want to do it... he didn’t want to do it ever, but he had no choice, “I’m sorry...” He whispered quietly and then pulled the trigger.
I have literally rewritten this so many times.... firstly because I FUCKING LOST IT. but secondly I wanted it to also be perfect. so please enjoy.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and stood up, not caring that he was naked in front of Garrett or his brother. He slowly started to get dressed and just didn’t say anything. He was planning, he had to, because he knew no matter what he tried to do Moriarty was already one step ahead of him. Hell, he probably spammed his phone while Sherlock was asleep for the sole purpose of John finding everything out.
Sherlock just stares at him and then John can see his jaw clench. He’s angry and John looks away, “Are you fucking serious?” Sherlock growls after what felt like hours of silence.
Three days later John was feeling much better, he started to get up and move around because Sherlock was still sleeping and John was bored out of his mind. John went to the kitchen to make tea, but then remembered the amazing cream Sherlock had put in it a few weeks ago. He remembered watching Sherlock pull it out of his side drawer in the bedroom, saying it was from Brazil or something. Stalking back into the bedroom, John started sifting through Sherlock's drawers – he realised that this was rather an invasion of privacy and he should have just asked Sherlock, but John didn’t think he would mind and they never were the type of couple for privacy anyway. They were opened with each other and had nothing to hide.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, trying to fight away the tears that were threatening to spill over his eyes, “Yes, he does. He’s my precious John. He’ll make it.” He said softly. “I know he will, he’s so strong.”
Brian frowned and looked at him, “hey, that was amazing... what’s wrong?” he whispered and kept his distance because he didn’t want to be pushed away again, he also didn’t know what had happened moments before he had rung the doorbell.
Also Also a baby spilled milk on my laptop and now its inside of the screen at the top and let me just tell you this was NEW!!! smh for that baby!! so now there is a dark scary spot and I don't know how to fix it and my computer will probs end up dying... I'm so sorry... (This is Whitney from the future. Once upon a time I used to think smh meant so much hate, not shaking my head. so I really said.... so much hate for that baby. bwahha carry on.)
The man known as Aidan pipped up and hummed, “Three days! I know it’s soon, but isn’t he just so handsome?” He sung and kissed Sherlock on the cheek.
Sherlock waited for Mycroft to reply, but when he didn’t he decided to just press forward, “So I’m going to need to borrow your credit card today.”
“I’m sorry!!” Sherlock sobbed and held onto him, “I should have believed you, but I didn’t and now everything is ruined!!”
I've been sort of MIA because honestly Sherlock S4 fucked me up. I had that season so so much and it made me sort of fall out of love with Sherlock. But slowly, I've gotten back in to the fics and Tumblr and I just pretend like s4 doesn’t exist because it makes me so made. I just have a lot of feelings. ANYWAYYYYY on with the story then!
Brian continued to strip Sherlock and finally Sherlock found enough strength to shove him off of the couch. He was shaking as so many memories came flooding back into his brain, not shaking out of fear, but anger at the fact that this would happen again, with someone he actually trusted no less. “GET. OUT. OF. MY. HOUSE.” He screamed and grabbed the fire iron that was next to the fire place. “I will fucking kill you,” He said in a low and dangerous voice. He was sweating and shaking and everything was fuzzy, but no one would ever come close to touching his body again unless he gave them permission.
“I didn’t tell him! He–“ No, Mycroft wouldn’t tell John about Sherlock's problems... he would have Sherlock do that, “I didn’t want to build his hopes up just to watch them crash and burn!” He wouldn’t make it through that... “I had to make sure it was you... when I got the call, I honestly thought it was a prank call, or they had you confused with someone else. I sent the helicopter regardless because if it was you, and I didn’t… I-” He took a steadying breath and closed his eyes briefly, “I honestly didn’t actually expect to find you here…”
John panicked and swallowed hard, “I have a problem!” He said quickly, the words tumbling out of him, “I think – uhh – I think my wife killed my brother and I need a detective to investigate the case!” He hummed, clearly pleased with himself at the lie.
didn't like an angry John, especially when that anger was directed towards him. He wanted to make John happy, but he didn't know how... He pulled out his mobile and called a cab. At least then John wouldn’t be crotchety from the long walk they were sure to endure if they walked all the way home. Eventually, the cab pulled up and John climbed in as Sherlock followed. Everything felt wrong. John wouldn't talk to him, wouldn't look at him, barely even acknowledged him. He swallowed and tried to think of something he could say to make everything better... Make John feel better because right now everything hurt. It hurt more than it ought to and it hurt a whole lot worse than when John had a sea of girls throwing themselves at him. He racked his brain for anything to make John forgive him. He tried to think of what Mummy used to say when he was little and would hurt someone’s feelings. Two simple words… He didn’t know if two words could make all the pain Sherlock was feeling go away, but he had to try because right now anything was better than nothing. "I'm sorry..." He whispered before he even knew what was happening.
"OH FOR THE LOVE OF-" he cut himself off and turned around while continuing his walking, well stomping, to London. Of course Sherlock would make a fool of him at a time like this! It was inevitable. John decided he was going to buy a map of the whole world and memorise it so that things like this didn’t happen ever again!
Of course, this wasn’t his normal way to kill people... He wasn’t the one doing it, there was no torture, just words and a pill and then they were gone, but they were people that were wanted dead so thankfully he wasn’t breaking his rule. He had to sponsor someone and that was rather annoying because yes, he was getting paid, but then he would just have to give the money to the twat that was working for him! Which was stupid because he was just going to die, but he claimed the money was going to his kids so he supposed that that was acceptable.
Sherlock sighed and glared at the wall a bit as he pet the sleeping Rainbow, who was curled up in his lap, “Twelve o’ one.” He growled. “I said if you were one minute late I wouldn’t take you and yet here you are. One. Minute. Late.” He drawled out, but there was a harsh bite to it.
A small smirk played on her face and she looked at John with twinkling eyes, “I did warn you.” She hummed and pushed the drink closer to him.
MY BABIES!!!! originally in my outline i had mycroft actually rape john and that would just ruin everything and didnt make sense. five year past me really liked the angst.... hahahaha for no reason. i did fix it though and john is going to become my bamf boy instead of a weak feeble thing. i love him so much.
Sherlock nodded slightly and then his eyes widened and he ran to the kitchen. He started grabbing things and shoving them in a box, panicking as he went because John would most certainly not approve of his current life style and Sherlock didn’t want to tell him. He would keep it a secret because that’s what he did best.
Sherlock huffed and sat down in a chair, but then stood up and started to look around. “That would be lovely, thank you.” He smirked as he saw a scratch in the floor. “John! You know this scratch by the fire place?” He grinned.
