John started to doze back off his eyelids falling slowly when the boy’s voice brought him back to the present.
The rest of the next three days were filled with much of the same. Mindless breeding and rutting with fluffy sleepy cuddling, sweet moments shared curled up in Sherlock’s nest.
“Mol-molly thtop you’re crushing me” the raven-haired boy pleaded as John furrowed his brow in confusion. Molly pulled away from the couple and met John’s eyes again. “I’m sorry Sir, Andr-Sherlock’s masters in the past have been less than kind. I saw the state he was in and assumed the worst.”
While Sherlock was saying goodbye to Andre cuddling the small pup to his chest Greg cornered John in the front hall.
Sherlock's eyes wide with fear had frozen, toothbrush hanging out of his mouth, wet curls dripping on his naked chest, bare leg propped on the sink counter, a bottle of lotion in his hand.
John let his gaze drift over the malnourished frame through the bars the alpha and doctor in him both bristling at the clear outline of ribs and concave stomach.
The bulging muscles of the blond alpha were soon hidden underneath a black and white striped jumper that Sherlock quickly deemed his favorite. Before the blond could fully shimmy into his pants however Sherlock had dropped to his knees nuzzling the large alpha cock into hardness.
Without hesitation, Sherlock obeyed straddling the alpha’s lap teasingly. He was sitting in such a way that John couldn’t quite sink up into the boy.
“Andre?” Sherlock smiled softly and nodded his head towards the smallest of the litter in Greg’s arms.
The boy kept his eyes on the ground and pointed timidly over to the cosmetics section. John dutifully pushed the trolley in that direction. Soothing the heavily blushing omega by rubbing tender circles on his back.  The section was full of collared omegas most with impatient, or incredibly bored alphas standing nearby. There was one omega though a female wearing a marriage cuff, with no alpha in sight. She struggled to reach a small tube on the top shelf and John easily handed it down to her.
Small pink cock bouncing in time with John’s thrusts the boy whined all of it too much and yet not enough. Sherlock reached to grab his own cock but his hands were batted away by John.
“Two years more” Sherlock whispered. “I had pups, two beautiful pups, Mia and Alex. He kept me until they didn’t need a mother and then sold me back.”
“Waiting for you, mathter? Mathter thaid to wait…” the young man sounded puzzled how could his alpha not know what he was doing?
If an alpha walked up to the couple that instant and demanded Sherlock present himself the omega would be expected to pull down his trousers and lay down. Only if John protested would he not have to do so.
Teasingly the alpha gave a quick squeeze to the boy’s plush arse and grinned at the high pitched squeak.
Being an omega his body produced it’s own lubricant but both unprepared and outside of heat it could hurt. Sherlock liked John so far, he didn’t want it to hurt, it would remind him too much of Ryan. The omega propped himself up tugging off the robe and neatly laying it over the end of the bed. Reaching down with practised ease the omega began preparing himself with clinical detachment.
“Oh yeah?” John grinned and looked down at his small omega boy trying to ignore the reason they would be dressing up. tonight.
Sherlock perked up at the sight having expected something more like the kennels Ryan had left him in during business trips.
“You said ‘I’m a doctor’ which is false, you are presumably in here for murder which revokes your license. You are no longer a doctor. Therefore the correct word is ‘was’ ”
Sherlock kept his eyes fixed on his plate eating his sandwich steadily. His alpha was more than angry and if sherlock was honest with himself he would agree that he was disappointed as well. The idea of not having to wear a collar, or being free to go out alone, and being free from punishments while terrifying was also exciting. Another thing was consent a married omega had the right to say no to any form of sexual harassment.
Not only shocking but how did he manage it? The boy was as thin as a rail and looked to be about John’s height.
The dark-haired omega barrelled into his alpha throwing himself around John’s chest as if someone was going to physically drag the blond alpha away from him.
Eye colour? John had bit his lip and finally wrote (light) He was basically asking for the opposite of himself in physical appearance. Male/ Female/ Either. He pen hovered over female and moment before scratching out (either) in the blank.
John shifted from leg to leg willing the doors to part. The second they did he was out running down the hall and nearly burst into the room. Pausing at the last second lest he terrify all of the omega’s within.
Gratefully Sherlock pressed a kiss on his alpha’s cheek and settled down across the row, knees pulled to his chest, head in John’s lap and fingers gently stroking the soft new collar.
Biting his bow lips Sherlock nodded tearily. Why couldn’t he have just remembered to pick up those books. Why was he so bad.
Outside of the courthouse, the three sat on the stone steps waiting for the girl (whose name turned out to be Abby)’s brother. An omega resting on both knees John stared up at the sky awkwardly. Sherlock seemed to have been rendered mute and the girl was following the basic understanding of do not speak unless spoken to.
Molly seemed to catch on to John’s discomfort and Sherlock’s preheat scent and retreated a few paces.
Sliver eyes widen and Sherlock only hugged the tiny pup closer to his chest and hummed a comfortingly at his tiny whimper. Already the baby omega had a keen sense of smell and would be able to smell the tension in the room.
The first smack had the omega yelping in surprise, unlike his last spanking John had decided to used his belt for this one. The cold leather snapped hard across the plush mound of his arse and brought more tears to the boy’s silverly eyes.
The man shoved Sherlock back towards John causing the boy to lose his balance and fall at John’s feet.
Sherlock for his part was growing more apprehensive and restless by the minute. The last time he had been in a room like this is when was with Ryan and he had been only ten years old. He still remembered the severe beating he had gotten after the beta doing their paperwork had left.
He sat upright. They were bonded now, which meant they would need to report it straight away to the office of omega registration. A second thought burst into his mind.
John was angry at John too. In fact, he was furious with himself. And the fact that Sherlock couldn’t get it through his head that he hadn’t done anything wrong made him want to scream.
“What did your old masters call you?” The omega tensed visibly and then forced himself to relax back into the larger male’s arms.
The raven-haired omega swept into the room hair and make-up completed and body wrapped loosely in the blue silk dressing gown he’d come to love.
Second Chapter as promised. I don't think I will be able to update everyday but so far that is the plan as I've nearly finished the entire fic and just need to edit each chapter before posting. Friendly comments, questions, or suggestions are always welcome.
“Dinner!” Molly called from the kitchen. Everyone migrated towards the table Sherlock holding Andre with a soft smile on his lips as the baby gummed at his knuckle.
Taking a gulp of tea from his RAMC mug John cleared his throat. “So, we need to go to the registration office, the courthouse, and then get you some cuffs from a shop. Sound about right?”
“Baker Street.” The cabbie announced red-faced and sweating, “and feel free to leave that gorgeous toy of yours for a little while, he smells good probably gonna go into heat soon. I’d even pay for a turn.” The man leered his eyes hopeful and bright with lust.
“Holy — “ the alpha sighed. What was he supposed to do? Sherlock was right, it was the law and he was literally begging for some sort of punishment.
Sorry again for the delay mum got mad at me and I ended up having to stay at my Dad and his husband's flat a few days and forgot to bring my lap-top.
The small boy rushed into the sitting room to see where John had fallen flat on the floor after tripping over a stack of Sherlock’s books.
Could they degrade the boy’s humanity any further? Calling him like a dog. Not even a dog, even a dog was given a name. John didn’t realise he was clenching his hand in the omega’s curls until a soft whimper brought him back to reality.
His hand held captive by the tiny beta’s drooling mouth and chubby hands Sherlock made his way to one of the large cushions and settled down on the soft yellow fabric.
The boy whimpered curling in on himself and letting his naked back face John as the two alpha guards roughly clamped a lead on the leather collar. John’s alpha fought to bite back a growl when one smacked the omega’s bare arse with the lead.
Great sobs were heaving through Sherlock’s chest his worry of running mascara long gone. Though John had said fifteen the belt had just landed it’s twenty-third stroke. About halfway through the first 15, John had lost any trace of hesitance and the scent of his anger and frustration coloured the air.
“Pleathe be careful Jawn, certain punishmenth could hurt the pupth at thuch an early thage.” John leaned forward toward his omega his heart bursting with sorrow. He’d thought they were over this.
John was unlike most of his masters before, he reminded Sherlock of Sean, who had been kind, Sean still had still treated him like an omega slave, taking him into his bed at a young age, that was considered normal, after all an omega is meant to be used not preserved, but he had always been gentle and called it lovemaking rather than the other lurid names his other masters had used.
“It seems a previous alpha bonded with him when he was very young before he was capable of heats and only triggered the emotional bond rather than a physical one.”
“My alpha pleathe… Everyone know…my alpha …yours” broken breaths cut off words as the omega moaned desperately rolling onto his stomach and pressing his leaking arse against John’s bulging arousal.
He wasn’t disappointed, the thin omega crawled forwards placing his arse between John’s spread legs and snuggling back into the alpha making a small noise of contentment as John tucked the blanket over both of them.
The blond paused soaping his chest to look up. Three or four men were already staring, one lazily pulling on his cock, eyes fixed on the teenager.
He felt extremely uncomfortable. Eating at the same table as his master, like an equal? He would have been beaten for even hoping it before.
Sherlock didn’t answer instead he reached a slim hand into John’s trousers almost shyly. Thumbing at the alpha’s rapidly hardening cock Sherlock looked up through his eyelashes.
John didn’t miss the trembling, or the shiver of fear when he touched the omega. Forcing his alpha down he struggled to speak.
After a shared bath that consisted mostly of cuddling until the water went cold and a quick shower to rinse the condition from the pair’s hair, they were seated in dressing gowns at the kitchen table eating in peaceful silence.
Instantly alert the blond alpha sat bolt upright to stare at the empty side of the bed. Scrambling up John grabbed his gun from his bedside drawer and ran into the sitting room.
Bit of a wait sorry about that I had a 'sleepover' last night and didn't really have time to write. On the plus side my crush (lets just call him J) asked me to be his boyfriend... aparnetly he's liked me for quite awhile.
Sorry this a a bit late but I had a pretty busy day... something super exciting in fact. I sorta came out to my crush and turns out he's bi and we went and got ice cream. So yeah I was on cloud nine. I mean my parents would kill me but it's a huge load off my shoulders to have someone who actually knows my name and stuff not regect me... ANYWAY (sorry got a bit off track there)
Sherlock stiffened at the command thinking he had somehow displeased his master and relaxing at the second part.
Lifting the boot lid to see he saw his small omega curled on his side knees drawn to his chest with a slight smile on his bow lips. He held the miniature torch in both hands his eyes fixed on the glowing tip seemingly unaware of the open boot.
He quickly hailed a cab and opened the door. The cabbie scowled at the filthy omega and then at John. “It goes in the back.” It? That was just low. John was about to protest when he noticed his omega looking slightly confused and tugging away from the interior of the cab and towards the boot.
Bronze tanned skin dusted with curling golden hair, bulging muscles and abs, firm pecks and a massive throbbing alpha arousal.
The embrace was soft and tender as John ever so slowly pumped in and out in circular motions. Huge glistening cock pircing the omega lazily.
“Yeth, yeth I know what it feels like, no not yet, typically around five or thix months from now, and you will be a wonderful father.” John relaxed slightly his hand still pressing against Sherlock’s concave stomach.
'One of the ‘murderers’ you are referring to' this slight boy with big eyes pink lips and the face of an angel had killed a man.
“Unhand me.” The command would have been quite striking if his voice had not chosen that moment to crack halfway through the first word.
“Sher-“ John gasped falling back to sit on the mattress. “What are y-“ the questions turned into a deep groan as Sherlock sucked the thick head into his angelic bow lips.
Grimacing at his own actions John fastened the hateful leather collar back around the omegas neck loosely enough that Sherlock could have fit his entire hand between the collar and his bruised neck.
While a collar was not the same as marriage and cuffs. It was still a collar from John. Something that let the world know that John owned him and John was his protector. The very thought made the boy flush and He pressed his thighs together now for a completely different reason.
The older blond gasped. “That is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard. That’s not how the human body works. I’m a doctor I should know. Your transport are you kidding me?”
“I’m Holly! And this is Jeremiah! I’m an alpha so I’m going to be big and strong someday like Dad. But Jeremiah is an omega and a boy liek Mum's friend she talks about so he’s won’t get so big but he’ll have an alpha to protect him like Dad Protects Mum!”
“Mrs H please! He was given to me. I need the stuff please Mrs Hudson He’ll be starting his heat soon within the next 24 hours!”
“Thank you Jawn” “No, don’t say that sick.” The alpha growled.  “I am never punishing you again… It’s inhumane”
“That’s not what I was asking, although you are wrong four out of five men in this place claim to be straight and more than half of them would offer if it meant gaining protection in the future.”
“My other mathter’s thaid it made me a girl… except for Thean. He just thaid I wath too young and only let me wear it for thpecial dinner”
John felt his eyebrows raise in disbelief he knew the rules weren’t all that strict but that was just ridiculous.
The last item in the box had been another smaller box this one made of wood. Inside lay a old tarnished silver wedding band like those beta’s wore for marriage, Sherlock old silver and gold braided collar and a heavy photo album filled with picture upon picture of the boy and a handsome dark haired man in his forties.
The omega spooned a small bite of strawberry yoghurt into his mouth and frowned at the squishy texture before hurriedly downing the rest. John appeared to be lost in thought staring blankly at the wall as he robotically spread jam over his toast for the 12th time. The jam was so evenly spread by now that Sherlock secretly thought it looked like something in an advertisement.  Sherlock nibbled at his own slice of dry toast unsure if he was allowed any butter and not wanting to interrupt John’s train of thought to ask.
He was too far away from his alpha Sherlock decided and inched backwards until his body was flush with John’s. His body becoming the little spoon his back against the alpha’s sculpted abdomen his arse pressing against the alpha’s arousal, it gave him comfort, strangely enough.
The omega in his arms was nearly asleep, John smiled as the boy nuzzled into his chest and humming and filling the air with the scent of content omega and prideful alpha.
John slowly deposited the omega on the sofa and rummaged through the bathroom cabinet and lifting up the medication triumphantly John darted back to the omega.
“Can I bring my bee?” Sherlock voice floated into he sitting room where John was looking for his mobile.
John pressed his lips together. It was common knowledge that omegas needed to nest in order to be fully calm within a heat.
“I am getting ready to leave, per your inthruction”  Sherlock spoke almost haughtily an eyebrow-raising.
It made another wave of shame crash over him. How had he hurt this beautiful boy, his mate, and omega?
The door swung open and a flurry of brown haired omega exploded out from it. Molly swept the younger omega up in a hug and squealed. Behind her stood a large grey-haired alpha. He was slightly taller than John wearing a tight t-shirt and jeans. His feet were bare and he had a kitchen towel slung over his shoulder. A tiny dark-haired pup cradled in one arm.
John paused seventeen year age difference…that was quite a lot for a free bonding. But many slave omega bonds were even older in age gaps sometimes as much as fifty years.
The blond sunk down to the floor and reached for his omega, his heartbreaking when the boy recoiled, scooting backward on the cold tile.
“Well, yeah if you eat too much of it but trust me they don’t give you enough for that to be a problem.”
Sherlock sniffed and curled up beside John tucking his feet under his own arse and his arms close to his chest the dark curls rested on the alpha’s bicep and he whimpered unintentionally at a slight creaking in the hall.
The blond smiled and let a contented growl escape his throat as he once again poured handfuls of water over his omega’s curls.
The elderly beta smiled sadly and crept forwards slowly holding out a fluffy mint green baby blanket. That had been slung over her shoulder.
“You told me to get up twithe, I talked back. I apologithe. I am ready for my punishment.” John rubbed his face
While the scent was inoffensive to John, the blond still bristled, pulling Sherlock even further into his lap and barring his teeth.  Sherlock burrowed deeper into John’s side with a whine.
“Woah, Woah, there.” A warm male voice caused Sherlock to look up. The older male omega he had noticed earlier crouched in front of him.
The threat barely beneath the surface, Mike didn’t take it personally everyone particularly a fellow alpha could be seen as a threat to a possessive alpha.
But, John had said no, not tonight, perhaps by morning John would give in to his alpha and calm him. Sherlock would admit he was puzzled as to why his alpha hadn’t claimed him yet.
John just shook his head. And pulled the boy to his feet towards the lavatory in the back of the shop.
John nodded slowly, disliking the idea of this alpha even being in the same room as his omega let alone examining him.
A thin manual listing the rules of owning an omega which basically equated to don’t kill them unless necessary, don’t free them, and other things like wearing collars in public, not making eye contact with alphas. A much thicker manual nearly four times the size listed punishments and gave detailed explanations on how to carry them out. Disgusted John promptly dropped the punishment book in the trash. A leather riding crop and whip also joined the punishment book in the trash. Lastly in the bag were both an orange file and a rough grey dressing gown embroidered with the slaves so old and used it was hardly more than a rag, this also he tossed in the trash.
“You be needing help to get everything inside?” The beta nodded his head towards 221 as they pulled up to the curb.
Sherlock curled closer to his alpha wrapping a bare leg around the alpha and burying his face in John’s naked chest.
“No of course not!” Sherlock almost took the assumption as an insult seeing as only infertile or horridly ugly omegas would have stayed in an auction house that long.
“I’m afraid not, she would have never allowed Father to sell you off as he did. Father says she tripped and fell down the stairs but I am not entirely convinced she wasn’t pushed.”
“Jawn yeth, it’s the law and I need you to … Pleathe?” John felt his throat tighten and he gave a curt nod.
“Greg Lestrade” the grey-haired alpha brought John’s attention away from his children and thrust out his free hand.
“You do realize I can have him removed from you within 24 hours and you locked up for life? I’ve got plenty of friends in the OA omega abuse division. ”
“John!” With a start, the doctor jumped back sitting back to straddle the pale figure below him and growled out a furious warning howl. The male below John whined slightly at the loss and then threw an arm over his face in embarrassment
The water sloshed as the dark haired omega curled up into John’s chest drawing circles on the wet tan skin.
Pressing one last kiss to the boy’s motionless plush lips John settled himself laying covering the omega’s small body covering every inch of the boy’s body with his own.
The man’s gentle green eyes trained on Sherlock’s as the man effortlessly juggled the squirming pup in his arms.
“Then by all means retrieve our omega though I will remind you we have a private room down the hall for you to ‘eat lunch’ in without disrupting others.”
The youth settled against the wall eyeing the blond’s bulging muscles and mentally comparing the split knuckles with the kind face. John threw himself on his own bunk twisting to lay on his side so he could face the boy in an attempt to appear less threatening. Sherlock visibly relaxed.
Alarmed John rushed forwards and gently removed the case from the boy’s lap. Tugging his omega into his arms John held him tightly and resting his chin on the silky strawberry shampoo scented curls.
“It’s against the law” he whispered barely addable. And as much as John hated it the omega was right.
The older man allowed his fingers to trail across delicate ribs and soothe tense muscles. Gently he peppered the bruised buttocks with kisses and allowed his tears to fall on the abused flesh. Working his way down John kissed the soles of the omega’s feet and rolled the boy tenderly onto his back before kissing his way back up the body paying particular attention to the cigaret on the boy’s thigh and the dark bruises just above the smaller omega’s groin.
That’s when John smelled it… the boy was going into heat and soon, within the next 24 hours. His hormones would be off the wall.
“Can you lay down for me? Stretch all the way out.” The boy blinked and his eyes flickered slightly in fear before he did as directed.
Hands shaking Sherlock wiped his eyes in the mirror. Black madrassa ran down his cheeks in rivers. His lips puffy and red, eyes tear bright. In all honesty, he looked rather stunning. Shaking his head the boy scrubbed his face clean and hastily replied his eye make-up.
“Pleathe mathter let me help my alpha show me how, pleathe mathter,” Each time the word master left those lip John wanted to scream. But not so soon, he couldn’t ban the word so soon, the poor boy was already terrified and confused.
“Sherlock  lay over my lap.” The alpha had both legs firmly planted on the floor. Whimpering the omega obeyed, his stomach was flat still slightly concave but a warm thrumming against the alpha’s thigh left no doubts to the new life forming within.
John nodded his head pulling the purple sweater over his omega’s black curls. Sherlock smiled weakly and licked John’s palm gratefully.
Molly enveloped the younger omega in a hug a second time John being pulled into the embrace by the fact that he was still holding Sherlock.
Placing one large hand over top of the ever so small baby curve on the raven haired omegas stomach he hummed. This pup would be strong healthy and loved.
The thin brunet omega looked first contrite and apologetic towards John, indigent at the insult, excited by the revelation of Sherlock’s name and ready to laugh and cry together at the last sentence. Instead, the woman threw herself around both Sherlock and John in a hug nuzzling into the younger omega’s neck tearily.
So enraptured was John in the omega beneath him that he didn’t hear Mike barge into the flat in his usual careless manner and fling open the bedroom door.
The only reason Sherlock didn’t immediately identify the man’s gender was because there was a certain artificial blankness to his scent.
the words chanted in his head. He stepped forward and rested a gentle hand on the flank of pale arse.
“ It was just a punithment, I wath being bad. Don’t take Jawn away I love him.” The boy’s voice broke on the last word his pink lips trembling.
“Shhhhh It’s okay love, I’ve got you.” John scooped up the omega in one arm the other still holding the protein drink.  John ran a gentle hand down the omega’s back and allowed his fingers to graze between the boy’s legs and was relieved to find the omega had not yet started lubricating. That meant they had a while before the pills would become necessary and plenty of time to get ready.
John snarled the mental image of this teenage claiming his omega breaking his calm. The boy jumped back eyes wide with fear.
The boy dropped back to his knees willingly stretch his neck out for John to fasten the smooth collar. It fit perfectly soft and breathable around his skin. Practically purring Sherlock nudged his head at John’s hand and gave it a small lick.
The boy nuzzled his face into John’s chest and stilled waiting for a response, negative or positive. John let out a long breath of amazement, “brilliant”
Instantly cold brown eyes turned to John meeting his gaze. It was so unusual for an omega to actually make eye contact with an alpha that John had to gather his thoughts for a moment.
He was younger than most of the omegas on stage just barely stopped growing from what John could tell. While most had their eyes trained on the floor of their cages this boy’s pale eyes were darting around the room landing on John and searching the solider and then when noticing the solider’s gaze on him flinching and dropping his eyes to the filthy cage floor.
The list went on, listing more and more punishment that had seemed to work on his omega and were recommended for future use. Holding his head in his hands the alpha let out a dry sob.
“What the h- Mike?” The tan solider’s eye cleared to see his friend and blushing a violent red and leapt to his feet snarling pushing Mike out the bedroom door and slamming it.
John turned a cursory gaze to the other omega slaves and saw nothing. They all stared blankly, their pale eyes dead. Only the slight rise of their chest keeping them alive. His decision made John turned walking back to the woman nearer the centre of the room.
Oh, how he wanted the strong alpha to carry him in his arms again. It had felt so safe and this Alpha hadn’t made the carrying remotely sexual. Which made it all the more pleasurable to the omega. But no, he couldn’t ask for the alpha to carry him.
Sniffing Sherlock bent over the low sitting room table. Squeezing his eyes closed tightly Sherlock clenched his teeth. He was trembling John had yet to punish him on his own. It appeared that was about to change.
“Thank you” the girl whispered sliding back to the floor. She didn’t make eye contact. “I was with my brother but I lost him in the crowd and then he found me.” The girl nodded her head to the sulking teenager. “I know I’m not supposed to run but I’m already promised to another alpha and- “ John shushed her gently.
A half-hour after John had deposited the thin boy on the mattress the nest was complete and Sherlock was perched on John’s lap, bare-chested from the feverish warmth of heat sipping on his mug of tea and stealing the occasional bite from John’s sandwich. It would be the last time for the next few days they would have the time to actually prepare the drink and both males relished their warm cups.
“Mrs Hudson! I- I need your help. Sherlock is going into heat and I didn’t have time to prepare any food or medication or anything. I need you to please go get birth control and protein packs, please. I can’t leave Sherlock!” Hands-on hips Mrs Hudson eyed the alpha
Wordlessly the omega rolled over burying his face in the leather sofa with a small whimper. The alpha reared it’s head again upon seeing the thick scar lashes beneath the heavy oil coating and John was forced to bite back a snarl.
John smiled at the sight and wriggled closer until his prone body was pressed against the upright omega.
John rose on his knees pulling Sherlock’s hands away from his knees and unfolding the omega until his leg bracketed John’s broad shoulders.
“If you want hot water you’ve gotta shower in the morning. Which unless you want to be gang-raped by Alister and his cronies you’re not going to do.”
“You know why love, you can’t be in the room while I talk to my patients. It would be an invasion of their privacy. That’s why they have this area.” The alpha gestured to the wide-open room.
Sorry for the delay I've attended two interviews for schools today and was pretty knackered. I didn't proof read this chapter but I'm posting anyway. Friendly comments, questions, or suggestions are always welcome.
If the two were to be married they would be legally equal. No more collars in public, Sherlock would even be able to get a job if he so wished.
John was overwhelmed with a sense of guilt and even now Sherlock scent gave off traces of apprehension.
“Yours!” Sherlock choked out his head hanging between the to of them pale chest heaving with heavy breaths.
“Jawn, Pleathe, breed me.” He gasped heat already taking over his mind his body needing to be refilled by the knot.  The blond smiled sleepily and circled his hips lazily thrusting into the omega slowly.
An omega pressing themselves against your knot was insanely arousing the kissing of his hand more so.
“Of course I’ll let you nest… did the other alphas not let you?”  He practicaly snarled the phrase ‘other alphas’
He didn’t want to do this. He really didn’t want to do this. But it was either this or dragging the young man through the street. He went around to the boot and popped it open his omega wordlessly dragged himself up and into the small space. John couldn’t bring himself to shut the lid and leave the poor man in darkness. Fumbling in his pocket he pulled out a miniature torch and flicked it on.
“Tea?” The muscular alpha turned to ask the cowering omega. The boy’s face lit up slightly and he crawled forwards to the kitchen in order to find the tea bags and a mug.
Sorry I am just now posting, this chapter was a little rushed. Friendly comments, questions, or suggestions are welcome below!
It had been several days since they had returned from the storage locker and Sherlock had relaxed considerably less worried about speaking out of turn and more comfortable in the flat.
The omega calmed himself slowly when John didn’t grab for him and at himself down slowly in the water submissively. The tightened boy repeatedly cupped water in his hands and let it drop back in the water whimpering something underlies breath.
“Alright. I’ll help you to the loo then we can get this sorted before breakfast. Okay?” The curly head dipped slightly.
But then the alpha had gone and had a heart attack and nine-year-old Sherlock had been found two days later still crying over his master’s lifeless body.
John himself had nearly fallen asleep when Sherlock thrust the mobile back into his hand and wrapped himself like a limpet around John’s muscular body.
“You also have glanced at my arse no leth than 23 times thince we arrived home and my lipth nearly twithe that many timeth”
The instant Sherlock exited the bathroom he could tell John was devastated with what he’d done. He was pacing, his limp back more pronounced than ever and his left hand was practically spasming.
John sighed at the answer he had deduced as much but to hear from his omega’s mouth was somehow sobering.
As the omega reached to lace his own trainers his own hands were stilled caught by the tan calloused fingers of his alpha.
“The marching in and yanking you away without introducing myself or anything. It was rather rude of me.”
So he did the thing that came most naturally to his alpha nature. He scooped up the thin body bridal style and carried the softly humming omega into the bathroom. The boy made no protest, save a slight hiss of surprise as he was lowered into the warm water. The omega was completely calm docile as John washed his body only flinching if the alpha moved too quickly and only tensing momentarily as John ran a rag across his groin and buttocks. But when John went to lower his head in the water to wet the curls the omega thrashed, backing away fanatically and squishing himself into the corner of the tub whining and whimpering.
“John dear, whatever is wrong?” Before he could answer the chatty beta went on “and what was all the shouting a few minutes ago!”
“You misunderstand, the process of digestion slows my mental prowess. My transport reverts energy to the digestion system rather than the mind leaving me impaired.”
“We’ve got five” Greg announced pridefully. “Holly and Jeremiah were our first litter and these three are just about three months now. Holly is our little firecracker and Jeremiah our little mother hen, he never stops worrying over the pups. The other three don't really have much personality yet.”
“Shhh-shhh it’s okay you don’t have to stand if it hurts” John stroked the naked figure’s back tenderly in attempts to calm him. The boy stopped clawing to his feet and sat down heavily and attempting to quite his sobs. John was at a loss,
John himself wanted to be sick he also wanted to tear the two alphas apart. The marble pale back was plastered in makeup but even that couldn’t hide the deep grooves cut into the skin, the harsh raised scars.
John hummed to himself as he wiped his hands dry and turned to leave the kitchen. He tugged off his jumper and vest in the hall, he had gotten them both wet washing up and he preferred to sleep shirtless anyways.
“You seem like a good alpha, but in case you prove me wrong my alpha is a DI for Scotland Yard and he would not hesitate to have Sherlock removed from you, should abuse of any sort become evident.”
“Hoo-hoo!” A chipper beta voice called as Mrs’ H pushed open the door without preamble. The fact that her scent was clearly a beta kept Sherlock from utterly panicking but he still pulled John’s arm to his stomach and shrunk back into the alpha’s chest.
The moment the door closed behind Mike Sherlock attacked John’s mouth and started crying at the same time.
As if on cue a heavily breathing Alpha burst into the bus just as it was pulling out and cast around wildly. He was young late teens early twenties with messy brown hair and lust-crazed eyes. He inhaled deeply and stalked forwards toward the cowering female omega.
Sherlock wriggled closer and whined at the alpha's movement causing the blond to smile softly. He really did feel quite lucky to have the younger man. After all a day later or a day earlier the boy might have been sold to someone like his previous alphas.
Pregnant omega were constantly tired the first one or two weeks of the pregnancy and John as a Doctor didn’t worry about the seemingly random bouts of tiredness.
Tender pale hands stroked him through the intense aftershock, and pink lips swallowed everything he had to give only the slightest bit of white overflowing on the corner of his mouth. John laid back on the bed panting the tiny omega still between his trembling legs.
“I always will love you, Sherlock, Even if I do a bad job of showing it I will never stop loving you.”
“Thean, he bonded me, it wathn’t a full bonding thince I didn’t have heat yet but it thill felt mostly the thame.”
Before paying for and exiting the store John mentally ran through everything they had placed in the trolley. Protein packs predominately chocolate, biscuits once again chocolate, a large pot of yoghurt, milk, jam, and several cans of beans. Non-foodstuff included three shirts, several t-shirts, two pairs of trousers, a pair of jeans, pyjamas, the purple sweater, several pairs of socks, pants, a purple toothbrush, hairbrush, birth control, and a plush bee John had grabbed on impulse.
Sorry for the delay and haste in this chapter. I ended up having to cook today and I am a bloody awful cook and made a huge mess of burnt chicken in the oven and had to start over and then had an annoyed family that would not leave me alone because it was so late before the food was finally done. (It's not like I didn't warn them, I said mum should cook and not me. But they said I needed to figure out how to cook now because my 'wife' might want a day off sometimes... lol. But I guess a husband would be just as likely to want help in the kitchen.)
Sherlock was breathing slowly, eyelashes fluttering closed, and plush lips parting slightly with each huff of breath. John allowed his fingers to tangle in the silky curls and hummed lowly.
John was disgusted, he growled deep in his throat and spat “Get some self-control” and hastily paid.
Still, John used a finger to stuff his seed back into Sherlock’s puffy hole and pulled the omega’s trousers back up from around his knees.
Curling his right arm around the boy’s waist the blond continued to eat ignoring the clatter of the noisy canteen around them.
John growled in frustration lifting the omega off of him and yanking on a pair of jeans he had discarded of the floor the night before.
Sherlock started to stand up and squeaked as the alpha seized his arse in a quick squeeze without even moving his face.
John Watson twenty-eight had been a resident of block 23 for the past two years, three months, one week, and 5 days.
But the boy seemed to ignore the chair and instead knelt by the alpha’s side and rested his head on John’s thigh. He would have been lying if he said he didn’t like the contact of his omega on his leg, but the boy needed to eat.
Walking was out of the question unless ordered to do so. It would hurt like hell to even stand, when John had ordered him to stand at the auction house he had been forced to bite back a yelp of pain.
The omega, Sherlock, looked lost in thought a moment and then slipped onto the floor to crawl behind John.
The blond pounded hard and sloppy into Sherlock his hand pumping the boy’s small cock in time with his animalistic thrusts.
Here you go everybody! New chapter. I just wanted to say all of your support is amazing, love you all!
Pulling down three mugs from the sparse collection an orange folder caught his eye, reaching for it a sharp command froze him in place.
“Ready?” The omega adjusted slightly on the alpha’s lap and nodded “Pleathe John”. John brought the flat of his hand down across the pert behind hard enough to sting slightly but not anywhere near hard enough to leave a mark. “One” the omega whispered without prompting. Again John left his hand fall wincing at the sound of each smack. “thwo, three” the boy wriggled on John’s lap pale fingers wrapping around his ankle. “Four!” He gasped the smack slightly harder than the others. “Five” he whispered nuzzling into John’s leg.
On the bus, John stood holding his omega close despite the multiple empty seats. A small female omega with dark cocoa skin and a headful of crisp curls entered the bus alone running frantically sat down on the floor beneath John’s feet pressing against his legs and whimpered.
“Fine”. The alpha rolled his eyes, of course, he’d gotten one of those freaky omega activists “This will be Sherlock’s second bonding then?”
Sherlock fidgeted on the floor and after a moments hesitation curled up to Mycroft’s side deeply inhaling the redhead's comforting scent.
His cellmate Sherlock sat across from his eyebrows raised. The boy had not gotten a tray simply water and now sat watching John with something akin to amusement and disgust.
John snatched a crumbled t-shirt off the floor and exited to the sitting room where Yusuf lounged on the sofa. The red-haired omega kneeling on the hardwood floors.
The omega had finally gone and done something on his own and what had John gone and done. Shouted at a traumatized abuse victim.  Clenching his fist again the blond put his full power behind slamming into the mattress.
Sherlock licked his lips but didn’t bend down as John had expected instead the boy stood and stripped out of John’s Jumper and the tight black pants teasingly. Then turning his back to John bent over to tug off his socks giving his alpha an unhindered view of his pale plush arse and winking pink hole.
Sherlock was squished against John chewing on his bent knuckle and hugging the plush to his chest. Abby held tightly onto John’s hand but other than that did not cuddle up to the alpha in any way.
Six weeks since John had brought the starving boy home four since the dinner at Molly and Greg’s. Somehow the past four weeks had passed with little incident the thin omega’s stomach expanding slightly every day.  Sherlock practically glowed with excitement when talking about the pups and John always felt an overwhelming sense of pride and possessiveness.
“Woah Woah Woah,” the brunet backed away slowly. “Fine you don’t share guess I’ll find one somewhere else.”
John held out a blue silk robe his sister had given it to him before he went into the army. An impractical and expensive gift that was far to small for the muscular blond. But on the thin omega, it would hang much better, albeit probably still a bit wide for the malnourished frame. With a trembling hand, the omega took the robe, shrugged off the blanket and tugged on the sleeves.
John watched his omega eating and a low growl of pleasure hummed in his throat. The boy needed food, he needed meat on his bones. When the boy was almost through his bowl John decided to tell him he had found his name.
“There’s a thorage locker, I don’t know if it’th thill there but Master Thean had thomeone place my personal items there in cathe anything ever happened to him. Tho I could come and get them. I mean I know omegas aren’t thupposed to have belongingth. But Thean did give me things he thaid I could keep. Could we get it?”
“Yeth Jawn pleathe.” Scooping up the hot to the touch omega John carried him easily to the bedroom barely able to resist the urge to mount him right there in the hallway.
Sherlock whined lowly in his throat but hastily began to obey, even if John wouldn’t hurt him there was nothing stopping this alpha from trying to do so. Omega bonded or unbonded were still required to obey any alpha to a certain degree.
Dressed and clutching the Bee Sherlock sat securely on John’s hip. True the boy was now capable of walking by himself but the former arm captain was feeling possessive and had simply scooped the boy up with one arm.
“Enough with the hugging please” he tried to sound firm but he mostly was confused. His mind firing quickly, Sherlock was a mother, he had pups, two of them, that he hadn’t seen in at least a year. A second thing was they were now roughly 15 hours away from heat and they needed to be home soon in order for Sherlock to nest.
John burst out laughing slapping the table once and giggling hysterically. Sherlock rose his eyebrow again and then stuck out his lip in a pout.
Turning on his side the omega stared at his sleeping mate watching the gentle huffs of breath that fell from John’s lips and the steady swell and rise of his defined chest. Golden blond hair still cut to military precision shone in the rising sun. The alpha’s short eyelashes caught sparks of sunlight throwing the glow over his lax face.
Seeing the boy finish the last few swallows of the drink John scooped up the omega and carried him into the bedroom. Sitting the omega softly on the mattress John quickly raided the hall closet for extra pillows and quilts.
The blond alpha looked around frantically and spotted his omega in the far left corner. The boy sat on a sprawling blue blanket cuddled up with two other omega’s a small pup in his arms and another sitting proudly on his outstretched legs.
“Shhhhhh it’s okay” John soothed laying a hand on the boy’s knee. “Can you show me why you can’t talk?” The boy calmed at John’s words and reached hesitantly towards the collar at his throat. For the first time, John paid attention to the leather strap and felt his alpha blood boil.
John snatched his keys and wallet off the counter, checked to see if Sherlock still had his mobile and scooping up the omega backpack and all flew down the stairs out the front door and straight into the cab.
Dark soft leather, lined with navy blue satin and a silver clasp. Sherlock was actually excited to wear a collar for once. This one was far more comfortable than the rough leather and rusty buckle of the free one provided by the auction house.
John was fairly out of it as Greg talked to him only making polite conversational replies. The larger alpha, however, didn’t seem to notice and continued to ramble on about his job and children as he set the table.
While John was happy for his omega he was also rather apprehensive about meeting Molly’s alpha. The man had sounded rather intense at first and the threat still hung over John’s head.
Wordlessly John ripped off his own clothing leaving chiseled tan skin bare, his muscles coiled and ready to pounce.
I am so so sorry that was forever since I updated but my mum and step-dad went to the country this weekend so my boyfriend sayed over while they were gone and I didn't reall yhave time to write. Anyway here's the new chapter!
It was well lit without being painfully bright, the soft carpeted floor was strewn with large colourful cushions and blankets. Short white bookshelves lined one wall.
“Ryan Weathers kept multiple omega’s. Sherlock was his favourite, but when he couldn’t deliver  Ryan used me. I was 15 when he bought Sherlock, but he was only ten. We helped each other. Ryan sold me in 2016 said he couldn’t afford both of us. I was 18 by then but andr- Sherlock still wasn’t full grown. How much longer did he keep you?” Molly turned her question to Sherlock.
The blond alpha growled stomping away from the desk and back to his mate. He once again scooped up the omega and stormed from the building ignoring the stares.
“You want to hold him?” Mark held out the babbling pup from beneath the armpits with a knowing smile. The tiny beta only giggled kicking his cubby dark-skinned legs in the air.
John waved a hand at the sofa. The omega crawled and sat dutifully in front of the piece of furniture.
Additional Notes: Extraordinarily clingy: dislikes being alone  Disobedient, has been known to talk without permission, has been know to sleep without permission, often makes eye contact, has been known to drink without permission, has refused medical drugs, has once struck an alpha in claimed self-defence. Becomes overly attached to pups acts out after termination of each litter.
“I’ll make sure that if anything ever happens to me you don’t go back to the auction house. You’ll live with Mrs. Hudson or my sister or Molly. But you won’t ever go back there you understand?”
John carded a hand through silky curls as the alpha worked, and relaxed visibly when the man removed his hands.
And everyone who knew an iota of John Hamish Watson wouldn’t doubt that he had a damn good reason for shooting Major Moran. Unfortunately, the blond seemed to feel something different about his actions.
The tiny boy shrieked with laughter as Sherlock tugged the small blue t-shirt back over the beta’s little belly.
Sherlock obeyed without question squeaking rather loudly when his entire pale length was swallowed by his alpha.
“Mine” the alpha snarled his teeth still sunken into the young omega’s scent gland. Panting Sherlock collapsed the movement tugging at the knot tying the two together as John lavished the new bond mark with his tongue.
It was almost indecent and John found himself wishing he had specified what he had meant by ‘put something on’ .
The omega flinched and felt tears start to well up but he atleast he didn’t fall to the ground cowering this time.
John wanted pups, Oh he really did, his heart swelled at the idea of the tiny infants and the thought of them being both his and this wonderful boy’s.
Okay I am SO SO SO sorry... Idk time got away from me and I've been working 14 hour days babysitting the past four days and when i got home I'd be so knackered I'd fall asleep in my clothes. Four year old boys have a lot of energy. And I don't think I ever want to see another episode of my little pony. (6 year old girl).
Finally seated heavy balls slaping agaisnt the plush arse the alpha gave an experimental circle of his hips.
Omegas could smell him and know that he wasn’t a violent man, they could smell the contentment rising from Sherlock and know he was safe.
Sherlock smiled and relaxed back into the purple cushion content to let the pup lay safely on his chest.
Dressed in an oversized red jumper Mike recognised as John’s and a pair of running shorts that were far too baggy the thin male was quite the sight. Black curls and John’s neck hid the omega’s face as the boy clung to John.
Sitting down on the freshly cleaned metal Sherlock shivered his arse looking even pushers squished against the flat surface. John growled lowly and tried to pump reassurance out to his distressed omega.
John’s anger reared up again but there was little he could do at the moment. The best thing was to treat all of the injuries at once and go from there.
Even with the doctor’s slow movements John’s still felt his hackles raise as the alpha’s latex clothes finger gently probed inside of Sherlock. The boy whimpering was the only thing that brought him back to focus.
“Love I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have punished you like that, I’m not a good alpha I’m supposed to take care of you not hurt you, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
Omegas bound or unbound were required to wear collars in public. Wearing a cuff or bracelet instead was a privilege given only to bound and married omegas.
John bared his teeth when the other alpha let his gaze linger a moment too long on the boy’s pale arse. Sherlock limped steadily to the metal exam table John followed behind despite the other alpha saying it really wasn’t necessary
Mia A. Weathers,  4 pounds four ounces, Gender: alpha  Sex: female Hair: Red Eyes: grey. Length: 15 inches.
“Posture, you stand at parade rest and sit with your back straight. When we sat you chose a seat in which you could see the entire room. Also the RAMC tattoo on your bicep.”
“Okay, that’s all done. I’ll write everything up and you will get a call when everything goes through the system. Until then you can’t leave the omega I mean Sherlock alone in a building or send him out of the house. He will need to stay with you as any alpha claiming him will most likely be able to sway the law in their favour without legal documents proving a bond between the two of you.”
I um... well I have very little excuse for not writing for such a long period of time. My life's been weird lately. I moved out/ was kicked out and finished school and now i'm starting university. My boyfriend cheated on me and I have a dog now. I'm not going exactly where I left off cause well I'm not in the mood to write smut.
His first thought was that there must be a mistake. The man laying on the bed opposite of his wasn’t even a man.
“Drink this” John pressed one mug into the pale hands, “slowly” The man searched John’s eyes momentarily and dropped his gaze.
John examined each frightfully thin wrist in turn. He would be so easy to break the alpha in him would have been able to snap the omega in an instant. John let his finger ghost across the omega’s face and realised a heavy layer of foundation covered several bruises.
John groaned throwing his arm across the mattress to tug his mate closer. Instead, he was met only with cold sheets.
“No, you didn’t deserve it. I am just as capable of picking up a couple of books as you are. Even more so if we’re being honest.”
The omega snuffled quietly in sleep and nuzzled his face into the strong scent in John’s neck. The army Captain rested two strong hands on the back of his omega pulling him close and keeping him from sliding off his firm lap. Fingers of one hand pressing against the soft red jumper while the others rested securely on the gyms short clad arse.
“Afghanithtan or Iraq?” The soft voice nearly whispered and then the boy cringed pulling away from John and curling in on himself. He wasn’t supposed to speak without permission. John for his part jumped and looked frankly quite alarmed.
John only laughed though and sat up scooping the omega into his arms and onto his lap. Smiling at the tiny squeak of surprise exiting Sherlock’s mouth.
That was something people said about dogs. His alpha was practically bursting but he couldn’t let it free now, not while it was so enraged. If he were to slip he would be on his omega in an instant. Claiming him, bonding him, breeding him, he didn’t want to force himself on the omega. No matter how badly John wanted the younger man he couldn’t allow himself to force a bond.
Depositing the nesting materials on the bed he leaned back awkwardly against the dresser rocking heel to toe as the omega happily arranged everything in a particular pattern only seen to the silver eyes.
Kneeling up Sherlock found himself face to … head with John’s penis.  A few men whistled or catcalled.
“Abby!” He made a grab for his sister and smelling the family bond John allowed it. The girl keened and hugged her brother tightly.
He needed to wash up though… it really wasn’t much just the pan, a rubber spoon, two forks, and two bowls. And the mugs from earlier he supposed. Twenty minutes tops… Slipping a hand under the omega’s legs he lifted the light body.
Sherlock bit into his bottom lip as John left the room and waited until he could hear the Alpha in the kitchen to move.
“So Sherlock as this is your second time being registered, you understand what is going to happen. Doctor Watson, I will be performing a full medical exam with you present to ensure the bond has been properly established and your omega is in good health. We will fill out some papers and then you will be free to go.”
John’s entire body stuttered his vision blurring for a moment as he came knot tying the two togehter. Flopping back against the sofa John used one large hand to lazily bring his omega off and rolled to cover the nude body with his own clothed one.
Sherlock blowdried his hair on low heat using his circular hairbrush to tame his curls into some semblance of order.
“How long has that been on love?” He whispered softly not really expecting a proper answer. The slave jumped slightly and lifted his head from John’s stomach drawing his brows together in confusion. The question wasn’t hard so it must be the pet name of ‘love’ that confused the boy.
Molly had frozen the dish she was holding hovering a few centimeters from resting on the table. Greg stood his stance protective over the thin omega. Sherlock for his part stood very still as if the yelp could be taken back from not moving.
Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the mattress towel to his left, his slender hands working with a comb in an attempt to detangle his wet curls.
The pale omega let out a slight squeak of surprise when the alpha scooped him up and placed him on the counter. The omega tucked his legs to the side and watched John gather two mugs and the tea bags. A content and still slightly fearful scent filled the air the fear heightening each time John moved to quickly near the omega. The boy paid rapt attention to how the Doctor prepared the drink.
Sherlock woke with a heavy pressure covering him but for some reason, it didn’t induce panic, instead, he found himself relishing in it and feeling elated by a strong protective scent.
“Come along” John murmured wincing slightly at the assenting whimper and crawling. As he unlocked the door the boy sat back again on his heels eyes trained on the step attempting to not shiver in the cold evening wind. The temperature had dropped drastically since they got in the cab.
Sorry for not updating yesterday I was having another interview at this school my mum and step dad want to ship me off to... *eye roll* anyway as a sorry more smutt for all. lol
Rubbing the soft fabric to his cheek Sherlock hummed and snuggled back into John for a few minutes as John munched down his sandwich. He felt a swelteringly warm wave wash over him and whimpered slightly into his now empty mug.
“Captain” the two alpha stood awkwardly watching the two older children scamper away into the house.
The blond practically yanked the boy off his feet and high up in his arms scenting the boy’s neck possessively.
The dark-skinned man held up his hands in an ‘I mean no harm’ way and sat slowly into the wingback chair.
Sherlock was still laying on the sofa curled, slightly snuffling the furniture where John had sat for some scent of the Alpha.
He could walk now, a bit unsteadily and he still held tightly onto John’s hand but Sherlock was able to stand on his own two feet.
Without another word Sherlock had closed the album back into the small wooden box with the collar and ring. He slid it under the sitting room’s table and while John had yet to see his open it back up the blond could have sworn the box had moved atleast once every day.
John woke up completely curled around his omega legs and arms twined around the thin body preventing any form of escape.
Snagging the purple blanket from earlier John turned to the sofa and settled himself stretched out in the corner of the sofa, inviting the omega to settle in his lap.
The dark-haired boy uncurled only winning softly as another alpha’s hands felt the muscles in his legs and arms.
“Mike, he was half-dead, look at him, mate he is at least 40 pounds underweight, his back is covered in scars, and they had the collar so tight he couldn’t even speak. I couldn’t leave him.”
“Oh hush Greg, your an alpha, John’s an alpha and his recently bonded omega is half-naked on your couch, of course, he doesn’t want you staring at Sherlock’s arse.”  Molly snapped leaving the older alpha suitably chastened.
The omega jumped, whimpered, and cowered in the sofa corner before seeing John. And relaxed quickly after spotting the alpha, though he still looked slightly nervous.
Bedroom? his sleepy mind suggested. Turning Sherlock buried his nose into John’s jumper clad chest and hummed.
“Sherlock make-up doesn’t make you a girl, it just makes you a boy who likes make-up. What you wear doesn’t change who you are. And if you like wearing make-up you can wear make-up. Understand?”
Stretching out arms at his side and head just below the armrest the boy’s length was only long enough to cover two-thirds of the sofa.
Unfazed Sherlock didn’t even flinch continuing on with his explanation of some chemical experiment that John was baffled to even think about.
“No, I mean you can sit on the sofa.” Pale eyes widened in disbelief and the boy looked close to tears again. Instead, he calmed his features and rushed to John’s feet. John almost jumped back in alarm but stopped at the last second and found the pale man nuzzling into his calf again and whispering “thank you, mathter,” over and over in a loop.
“If there was a bonding other than that of Ryan L Weathers and Doctor Watson’s why was it not registered?”
The omega smiled lazily and dropped off to sleep. John shifted slightly to better accommodate his knot and stroked down the black curls and soft spine tenderly. “I promise Sherlock… ”
I am amazed at the feedback I've gotten from this fic. I've honestly never had anyone like my writing this much before and it is staggering. Thank you all for your support! As usual friendly comments, questions, or suggestions are welcome below!
“Right thanks” John finished handing the man his notes and struggling up the steps plastic bags in hand.
Heat! His next heat could be any time now and as much as he liked this alpha so far he was terrified of the prospect. What if John didn’t bond with him and only wanted to breed him? By now he was willing to admit he would rather sleep with John than his old masters. But what if he became pregnant? His pups would be terminated again without a doubt.
“Extra time for this,”  the raven-haired-boy gently cupped John’s overly interested cock and gave it a single teasing stroke.
John grinned against the plush arse and rose his head, eyes dark with lust to meet the younger male’s eyes.
The alpha returned to the bedroom and re-exited through the door with the small omega on his hip, pale arms and legs twined around the alpha.
Several omegas were already in the room, a pregnant female slept curled up on a purple cushion. A tiny pup, on his belly, next to her tugged on it’s sleeping mother’s trouser leg. Another omega, an older male scooped up the tiny pup hushing him softly and running fingers through the soft baby hair.
When the pair made their way to the clothing area the omega perked up considerably even reaching out to trail his fingers over the proffered fabrics and smiling uncertainly at his alpha from time to time. John noticed the omega cleaning towards richer colours and soft fabrics. The omega’s particular favourite seemed to be a soft warm purple sweater that The omega had nuzzled his face into and then, in turn, offered the sleeve for John to rub against.
Seemingly satisfied with that knowledge the alpha dove forward yanking the omega’s legs back over his shoulders to mouth aggressively at the boy’s anus
John was saved having to answer by Sherlock’s entrance into the room. Sherlock had proudly fastened his collar onto his own neck and pulled on another of John’s oversized jumpers falling to mid-thigh with a pair of royal blue cotton pants beneath. His hair was rather tousled lips still rather red from snogging and his belly bump just visible.
John stared at his sister’s bloodshot eyes and downturned lips remembering a time when her eyes were bright and her mouth a permanent curved smile.
“Very, he had a huge houthe all white marble, I used to love playing hide and theek with him in it.”
“Stay here, love, on the sofa” he made sure the boy knew he was allowed on the furniture as he disentangled himself
This is kinda short and has a lot of internal conflict for John. Friendly comments, questions or suggestion are welcome below!
John was floored. The man while strong and handsome was really not at all what he had been expecting.
Unpacking the the two boxes had brought another round of tears as Sherlock was reminded of Sean. The first box was filled with books on chemistry and music. The second was compiled of a folder of sheet music, a soft fluffy blanket, several plush toys, a yellowed sketch book, a soft pencil case, a pair or head phones and an ancient iPod.
Four-year-old Jeremiah gently took Andre from Sherlock’s arms and followed the larger Holly up the stairs as she held a pup in each arm.
“Oh! How many have you got? Steven and I’ve got two is sixth form, four more in secondary and one just finishing up primary.”
The alpha’s alarm would go off in roughly half of an hour. Sherlock wriggled to lay flat of his back and rested one hand on his stomach smiling at the warm thrum imitating from it.
He made sure one thing was very clear, he wasn’t going to take a child. Omegas were auctioned from the minute they could walk. He requested the omega be full grown again verbally to the beta in charge who just grumbled that that meant it would have likely have had a previous alpha. John shrugged his good shoulder, he didn’t care.
John watched as Holly was busily stomped around a tower she built to make it fall.  Jeremiah sat curled up on a soft green sofa two tiny pups cradled gently in his chubby arms.
“Oh Andre,” Molly cooed rubbing the top of Sherlock’s head “I’m so sorry, maybe you’ll get to see them again someday.”
The omega pulled back “No John pleathe I don’t want to leave you! If you break the bond the pupth will die and If you give me back without breaking the bond I’ll die, and they will thell my pups. Y-You promised you wouldn’t let them pleathe pleathe don’t give me back” the omega was gasping for breath clutching painful at the alpha, nails digging into the tan flesh.
“No, Jawn isn’t their father. I had a different alpha, I haven’t seen them in nearly 8 months.” The boy’s words hitched in his throat.
The examination started off clinical and innocent enough, reflexes, eyes, ears, the alpha even probed around in his mouth for minute feeling his teeth. Cold gloved hands palpitated his stomach a tad too hard causing John to snarl and Sherlock to yip symotanisly.
“Your eyeth are dilated approximately 69% more than on average, your thcent indicates arouthal and pothethiveneth,”
John braced himself and stirred the pasta reading further barely holding onto his calm. The sheer amount of terminations was staggering and it became clear that the other alpha had used Sherlock as nothing more than a toy.
He watched as John coaxed the omega to release his death grip on John’s neck and drink the tea. Still refusing to vacate John’s lap the omega sipped the tea timidly head lowered and casting fugitive glances at Mike.
John signed blindly watching as all of the dark-haired, light eyed, omegas but his own were rolled off the stage.
“Breed me, fill me! Your pupth I want your pupth!” The omega moaned panting with each thrust from the alpha. John’s hands explored the omegas smaller penis rolling the pale pink head softly between his fingers inhaling the omega’s sweet scent happily. With little effort, his knot swelled and filling the omega.
I couldn't wait to post so you all get another chapter! Friendly comments, questions, and suggestions are welcome below!
“Doctor Watson I am going to check the anal canal now. I am in no way threatening your bond over your mate. I am simply checking for medical reasons, making sure there are no tears and that lubrication glands are in no was inflamed.”
A gentle hush of breath escaped those heart-shaped lips and a surprisingly deep voice filled the room bouncing off the cinderblock walls.
John had walked to the auction house but he had no intent on dragging the half-starved omega the entire walk to Baker Street.
“Alright, so on our to-do list so far, get dressed” the alpha smirked glancing down at their barely clothed bodies. “Shave” John scrubbed his cheek grumpily. “Go to registration, the courthouse, maybe stop for lunch, get your cuffs, and then get stuff from your locker.” The alpha began clearing off the table. “Then dinner and telly?”
“My beautiful, beautiful, clever omega.” He whispered into the black curls. Sherlock felt tear unbidden slip down his face. His pups were safe, no one was going to kill them.
“Arranged bond, Yusuf is a business partner of Father’s. I was given to him on my 18th birthday. He is quite sweet in private, it is only in public that he acts like an arse.”
The playful and carefree attitude the omega possessed earlier erased in the presence of an alpha not his own.
John flopped back on his mattress cock stirring at the thought of a real warm mouth instead of his own dry hand.
He realised with a start. He was a slave owner, something he had never wanted to be. Two muscular men alphas dressed in the black uniform of slave handlers grabbed the boy from the cage by either arm literally dragging the limp form to John and dropping it in a heap at his feet.
John groaned internally he just wanted to keep holding his Omega and go to sleep. Not a particularly busy day but defiantly an emotionally trying one.
The couple exited to be met with the worried stare of the beta woman. Not seeing any visible marks of abuse the woman relaxed deflating slightly when John sat his selection down.
Sherlock wriggled a bit on the sofa from where he’d thrown himself in a fit frustration after his failure to reach the top shelf in the kitchen.
Opening his eyes he found himself face to face with John’s dark brown blue gaze. Seeing the omega awake John leaned forward to press a tender kiss on the omega’s lips and not quite knowing why Sherlock found the action completely natural and returned the kiss shyly.
Slipping his hand from the omegas grip John moved down the body pressing kisses to every scar and bruise. He pressed line after line of kisses over each lash mark willing the scars to leave and furious with the alphas who had made them.
Sherlock cradled the tiny pup to his chest gently rocking the baby in his arms he was so emerged with studying the delicate facial construction that he failed to notice John’s approach until Mark nudged him.
Slowly as to not alarm his omega he inched forwards and copied the cupping movement, pouring each handful of water over the greasy black curls. The boy closed his eye contentedly as the alpha messaged his tender scalp with the minty shampoo. The male omega hummed appreciatively and gave John’s arm a slight lick of affection.
Sinking down ever so slowly the boy moaned his head thrown back dark curls shining in the light from the window. John opened his mouth in a silent moan arching his back up off the bed in an attempt to sink fully into the delicious heat and tightness. The blond bottomed out his omega’s arse pressed firmly into his hipbones with no space between them.
John smiled at the small omega he was glad that the tiny boy had had atleast one good alpha before in his life although it did make him feel rather jealous.
Sherlock sat stiffly in John’s lap the entire train ride hugging his bee and never quite relaxing. He wore a royal blue button-down shirt over black jeans with John’s spare coat swallowing up his small frame. The new collar shone pridefully around his neck
“Please look at me.” The thin young man complied reluctantly, eyes slightly damp from previous tears. The face really was breathtakingly beautiful, pale and angular with high cheekbones and plush pink bow lips wet with clear gloss and the eyes… the eyes where breathtaking swirling blue, green and silver darkly lined with mascara and wide with fear.
John settled on the other end of the sofa and picked Sherlock’s head up in one hand before setting it back down on his lap.
John shifts one of his hands to rest against the boy’s small belly bump and feels the tiny thrum of life inside. Sherlock wriggles closer grumbling in his sleep from the loss of warmth on his neck. John smiles softy and glances at the clock, it’s rather late but the alpha supposes they can have a bit of a lie-in.
the omega drew invisible circles on the alpha’s new striped jumper calming himself by inhaling the alpha’s strong scent; gunpowder, wool, something spicy, and strangely enough strawberry jam.
“Now don’t you get smart with me young man, I’ll clear up for you and make preparations but you need to do something for yourself.”
“You hurried through dinner and shaved immediately after, likely to reduce the chance of stubble burn, You — Oh JAWN! “
“Guessing you’ll need to be teached some manners pretty boy. I’ll see you around.” The man’s other hand came up to brush against Sherlock’s cheekbone in a parody of a loving caress.
“Hush, shhhh I’m not getting rid of you, love. I just don’t want to be called ‘master’ please just call me John.”
“No buts about it, if this poor boy has been in an auction house he’ll need to know he is allowed to do things on his own. He needs to be treated like he has a choice.”
It wasn’t even a minute later that Sherlock had guided John’s feet into heavy combat boots. Lacing up the legend tucking John’s jean legs into the worn boot Sherlock smiled up at his alpha.
Shaking his head sadly John bit back another growl. Sean seemed to be the only alpha Sherlock mentioned in a good light, in fact, he seemed rather sad and wistful when mentioning the deceased man.
John stepped back, confused and stared down at the wide blinking eyes. The girl's dark eyes were filled with terror her clothes ripped as if she had been grabbed and just barely escaped.
The dark-skinned doctor growled in frustration muttering under his breath before smiling tersely a moment.
Bowing his head over the violin the boy’s shoulders hitched once and then twice his body shaking in silent tears.
The man was posh and well-spoken and John felt rather compelled to shut the door in his face. For all his polite words the man seemed rather stuck up.
The gloved hands were back rubbing his calves and thighs pausing at the cigaret burn and probing it gently.
Sherlock allowed John to carry him but did not cuddle into the Doctor as he normally did. He instead clung to the plush Bee, legs wrapped securely around John’s waist flinching anytime the alpha strayed his hand past his upper back.
A halo of ebony curls fanned around an angelic pale face completely with delicate brows, straight nose, long black lashes, and plush pink lips parted slightly in a heart shape.
Dried, having used the loo, and wrapped in a soft dark purple blanket the omega watched in fascination as John finished bandaging his feet.
John growled lowly at another reminder of someone other than him had dared touch his omega in such a way.
So yea comment if you read this and um well if anyone is still around I'll post another full length chapter.
John grinned he enjoyed when Sherlock was in moods like this when he actually seemed relaxed and spoke freely.
As the film played John felt the boy relaxing more and more even humming along with some of the songs and laughing at some of the scenes.
Probing gently over the thin back and shoulders and settling on the bond bite. Red and slightly puffy the mark had begun to take on a pink colour that marked it as consensual beneath the mark there could be seen silver scaring from a non-consensual bond and beneath that the faintest traces of another pinkish mark now fading from being broken.
When John had first dialed the number he had been met with a friendly but steeling underlaid alpha voice. Returning the stiffness with his captain’s voice John had curtly asked to speak to Molly. The alpha on the other end of the line could be heard bristling and asked again who was calling.
Scenting the air Mike was hit with two things, One the boy in his friend's arms was unbounded and quite young omega. Two, the boy was terrified, but not of John, of him.
“What are you doing up there?” John wriggled so that he was on his back gazing up into his omega’s swirling grey-blue eyes.
Mike had called the man a half dozen time and sent a dozen messages the original question wasn’t all that important anymore now he was worried about why the depressed alpha wasn’t answering…
Smiling softly at the praise Sherlock grew more bold unzipping and tugging the aroused cock fully into the air. Somehow the image of John’s cock standing proudly through his fly was even more pornographic than if he’d been naked.
“I really don’t want to punish you, love.” John murmured rubbing a calloused hand over the pale buttocks. “I’m- I’m only going to do five and I am not going to do them hard understand?”
Sherlock caught himself staring at the wriggling pup and moment too long before he shook himself to answer the man.
“Jawn!” Sherlock protested as John seized his legs pulling them over the alpha shoulders and burying his face in the crotch of Sherlock’s pajama trousers and inhaled deeply.
“I’m Yusuf and I pass this flat regularly and in the past few weeks, my omega has started acting strangely around it. He claims he smells a family scent. I’ve told him to forget it but he has been rather persistent.”
They were back in the bedroom the omega flushed, still naked, and trembling. The alpha resigned to dolling out punishment to the boy… He had seen omegas be punished before and resolved that is would be nothing like that. He straightened his shoulders. Best to get this over with.
“I’m thorry, I’m fine I didn’t mean to worry you.” The younger omega bowed his head respectfully shyly watching the playful pup through his lashes.
Thundering down the stair John brought himself to a halt just outside Mrs Hudson’s door. The elderly lady despite her protests of “not your housekeeper” functioned very much like a nanny to the Surgeon.
The boy sucked hungrily at John’s neck and ground his own smaller omega cock against John’s firm abs his arse just barely teasing his own engorged cock.
“Alright” John hummed though I would like you to get off the phone soon we need to unpack all your stuff.
This only served to make John clutch the thin boy closer to his chest and bare his teeth at the omega mother’s alpha
“He’s 33, I jutht was placed with him yethterday, he fed me latht night, and hath yet to ‘fuck me’ as you so crudely phrased it. Thecondly, I am not a child I am fully physically mature and you are only a few yearth older than me so you may stop acting as if you were my mother.  Thirdly it has come to light that my birth name is Sherlock and lathtly why ever did you change your lipthtick?”
“Hey, I’m not going to hit you.” The tense muscles didn’t relax. “I’m sorry for yelling I should have known it would scare you, forgive me?” The omega simply stared at him his face a mixture of fear and disbelief.
It was tight, far to tight it was a wonder the boy could breathe at all forget being able to speak. The silver buckle was fastened at the smallest hole at least four from where it should have been fastened to fit the boy’s neck comfortably. John reached forwards to the leather ignoring the whimper and flinch to unfasten the strap.
Sherlock grinned tugging his royal blue jumper over his chest and turning back to the alpha now laying on his side.
The omega was young, very young probably done growing but still it’s face was filled with youthfulness. Noting the heavy bruising around the omega’s neck Mike furrowed his brow?
He’d put those pups there and his omega was carrying them. A side effect of the pregnancy was while the boy didn’t have heat he was in an almost constant state of arousal. While John didn’t dislike the omega’s attentions he knew it would get more difficult tomorrow when at the surgery.
John started at the feet cataloguing each injury in his mind for treatment. The boy’s feet were in an awful state, and certainly could become infected if not soon cleaned, the ankles chafed and bruised from the chain calves weren’t all that bad, no recent wounds but several scars from a whip and what appeared to be a stab mark. His thighs got worse the higher up John looked, cigaret burns seared into the soft skin. Hand shaped bruises from being roughly grabbed peppered the pale skin most prominent around the hip area,
and then he would be lead to his empty cell and would stare angrily at the wall until meal call stewing over his sister’s visit.
John ruffled his short blond hair in frustration as he entered the room. Sherlock sat in the far end of the tub expectantly his curls straightening from the heavy weight of the water.
The possessive growl John let out only served t arouse the boy more and a thin stream of slick slipped down those lovely legs.
