— I never thought it was going to happen something like that — the deep voice is almost disappearing — I had to... He made me... — the other hand goes up to the hurt lips, fingertips touching all it draw — Gregory, how will I face Louise? How can I explain her this?
— I'm sorry, uncle Mycroft — I whisper, letting any sign of a smile fall, he was right, I should be rational, black and white, I should be more like him — I didn't knew if I was just being paranoid.
― Three years now ― he looks to the door, permitting me to observe his profile, he was a handsome man, his expression of confusion it's really cute ― He never said anything about having a niece, a sister. Why?
— What do you want, Mycroft? — Louise find it funny the fact he doesn't even bother to move, staying upside down, but doesn't laugh, her heart is sinked on the bones, he could even bare to look at her.
I speak for about five minutes, trying to give all the details without boring them. As the story goes I see both minds working together, each one on a specific area, both very worried. It bothers me the fact that they are occupying they're mind with me, but I like the idea of both of them working together, even if just for some moments.
I finish my copies right after the end of class bell. Nobody moves, what means that our class room was the same for all teachers. I don't dare looking back, no fast moves, not attracting attention was the main objective there.
When she talks about making us tea, John start guiding me upstairs, the violin was silent, and my hands shake again, fearing what I would find up there. The flat was small and not as dark as the first floor, dusty, but brighter. And it was a pure mess. Papers and books were everywhere, even on the old sofa. The shelf, with more books and dust where full organize in no particular order. The only part of the room that show some sense was two couches in the middle, turn to each other, if I was younger I would imagine the two of them talking, talking about how dusty they were.
I can keep my mouth shut, he was asking me to break the rules, in many years living with uncle Myke I haven't break any rule, I could, but my uncle would be so disappointed. Yet... He was asking me to visit, a friendly visit. The gentle and funny man, who as my uncle Sherlock's friend wants me to come back. Nobody ever wanted that.
Mycroft Holmes is laid on the floor, he doesn't even know how he ended up there. His hole body is contract in a spasm of pain, mind flooded with a pain alarm, unable to think anything through it. The jumpy and laughing torturer is standing over him, sparky eyes running through his body, looking for places to inflict more soffering.
— I was a young and well prepared soldier, climbing fast, and MI6 found me. I woke up one day and this strange well dress man and his umbrella were on my living room — he don't take his dark eyes from me, not even for a moment, locking me up in his look — He introduce me in missions, we grow closer, closer enough to me be able to become friends with you mother, for long enough to see him climb to what he is today, and enough to watch your birth. Theres was an amazing woman, you know that right — I shake my head, it was my only certain in live, actually — My turn. How is Sherlock? He was your Godfather, I hear he was working as a detective, but how is he?
Mycroft observes the two os them, Sherlock's eyes clearly avoid her vision, avoiding pain, and Louise simply accepting the guilt. After so many meetings on so little time, maybe it was better to take Louise back to a doctor, but that was a worry for another moment.
— I'm sorry, uncle Myke — I whisper, knowing that only him would hear it, and raise my head to look at his face. The worried eyes were scanning me, searching for negative marks, I hope he find none — The man who was going to take me — I speak louder, hopping that John helps me — was blonde, very tall and had scars on his face, cut scars, not burning, and had a lot of guns...
Yet Sebastian knew who were they, he would recognise them in any moment, better off dead now. He couldn't wait to tell James about them, his boss would find it curious, even an amusing competition, but Sebastian was only bothered. Because of those idiots in that idiot van he lost the girl, fucking lucky girl. Well, lucky wasn't the word, now two master minds were after her, but still, it was the second time she get away from him. It wasn't going to be a third.
The car stops and the British government walks out, he is crossed and worried enough to just walk fast towards to door, without worrying about Louise holding his hand, she had to run a little to follow, but her uncle doesn't bother in observe it. And she doesn't mind that, knowing his stress, running a little was a small price to pay.
— Lies!! ― I look up in a jump when he hit the big hands on the desk, but I'm unable to feel frighten, part of me still try to remember in what part of his body or behaviour is his life expectation, I can't be so stupid that even my brain is faster than me! ― Her husband is a very good man who would never cheat her!
— You know I love him, Theres — a young man with sad dark eyes is sit in front of us — But I can't, I simply can't, not after all, is not his fault, I know, but... — Ian's cry that afternoon was deep and hurt, full of a soffering I don't recognize.
I swallow hard. It was the most cold and sinister school I've ever got in. I imagine the people, were they cold and sinister too? The general was. His calm and tense walk isn't even the most passive aggressive thing in his whole being. He's a granade, can explode in any step. How were the other teachers?
— Maybe Mycroft, who seemed care very much about you, has never said why he thinks he's going to upset you, your Uncle Sherlock does not seem to react well to your presence.
A side smile comes to his face and his eyes bright a little, that gesture makes my curiosity disappear, at least for the moment. Moving closer to him, I put my head on his arm, wanting to be on his lap.
— The small of the last two years — Sherlock doesn't sits, and his brother knows exactly how he will move next, think next — and the big of the last decade.
― And what do you want with her? ― I can hear him, he is in the end of the corridor, back turn on me, his voice shake a little and I wish to know why. A small voice answer him, I can't understand, probably it's coming from a phone, but I know it's a man with a very gentle and soft voice ― Yes, she guess it... ― the soft voice it's very calm ― Maybe without the kid would be easier... Yes. It would be very easier if the freak just stop existing. ― I step away from the door in a grasp, an infinity of situations coming up in my head, and uncle Myke wouldn't answer his phone! ― Of how much money are you talking about? ― I still can hear him, probably it's closer, but I don't hear his answer ― When are you sending your men?
He bounds to put his eyes closed to mine. I know he rather not to buy anything because he doesn't want to eat. Before me, he barely eat anything for longs periods of time, but it was our deal, if he eat, I eat, and that compelled us to not starve. Caring for each other.
Over the years I gattered enough material to deduce they're whole life. Informations pop in front of me, an unhappy life, problematic rich family, cruelty being used as a way to feel better... I stop, not just because I promise not to deduce in school anymore, but because that informations only applied to one of them, the one with green eyes. They're lider.
But he knew it would, I knew it too. A heavy weight falls in my chest, making my heart hurt and taking my air. How could I lie to him like that?
— I'm sorry Sherlock, but I didn't invite her because of you — he whispers back, approching they're faces, que could see every little detail of the well draw mouth — She is obviously lonely and fragile, she needs a friend, and it's pretty clear to me how she adores you, and I believe she might like me!  I would let her lonely like this. And I can't even believe you will.
Mycroft almost close his eyes in satisfaction, his little one always worried about Sherlock, even if he is indifferent or rude, she would always love him. The irrational part of his mind knows how it was the exact same love towards her uncle Myke. It's amusing to think about it.
— You stay, Sherlock — Lestrade points a finger to the nervous young man while putting the bulletproof vest — I don't want a sentimental involved person in a rescue with me.
— Well, fuck. That explains a lot — I roll my eyes and convince myself that was just a big waste of time and none of those information were important, especially because, behaving, I would need to use none of it. At least safety was something granted — Well, let's see if Ian is safe.
An out of place question comes in Gregory's mind, making his heart even more heavy. Does Mycroft know how much those people care about him?
— Hi, John — the blond man smiles — My name is Colonel Sebastian Moran, I'm very pleased to meet you, sir! I was observing you two, beautiful couple, I'd like to say.
I'm speechless, his very dark eyes are very sincere and proud, but I don't feel so proud, I just feel shaky and full of fear, shamefully, my only real wish is to be with my uncle right now. I hold my hand with the other, keeping myself from shaking, my mind goes back to the blue murderous eyes of the sniper. Sniper? A series os deductions going from his right finger to the very firm grab, take the to see how he is an actually good sniper. Just like the one on the roof of 221b that day, in fact exactly like him, even the same shoulder angle.
— And why you stepped away, Ian? — my voice sound low and it made more difficult to breathe underneath it.
— Mom and Uncle Myke always played deductions with me... But I never thought... — She looks at the leather chair, hesitant — I'll never be like my uncle, Doctor Watson .. John — she smiles — I look a lot like my dad, everyone says that, even my grandparents... Uncle Myke doesn't say I look like Uncle Sherlock. Never said.
As if the universe was trying to improve my mood even more, I notice the black car parked on the curb. Uncle Myke is leaning against the door, eyes on the floor, concentrate on something, umbrella leaning on the car at his side and arms folded across his chest. It comes to be a comic scene, the personification of the British government it self waiting for me at the door of the school. I step forward in him and wrap my arms on his heist, his muscles contract lightly when he feels me, but soon recovers and rests his big hand on the top of my head.
— Well, it's a pleasure, dear, but... don't might me please... Who in it's sanity would have a child with Mycroft Holmes?
― C'mon, darling ― I can almost hear my mother's voice deep in my head — Why is that woman buying that wine? Deduce, Louise.
Mycroft grimaces at the touch, maybe he was hurt there too, but Gregory does not take off the hand, just stares at the man's battered face, trying just to be more delicate. Wide green eyes.
As Mycroft had imagined, he was leaving. Of course he would. Why Lestrade would be drinking with a man who from the first time they saw only gives him orders. The inspector probably hated him, he did not have much to love anyway. Yet helped him through that fucked day. A better man than he will ever be in life.
- My name is Sabrina Bons - she walks towards me, smiling and holds my hand. Her perfectly painted red nails matching the glasses and the garter-tie. She had the the soft skin of someone who had never done anything rough in life, but I smile, trying to push away the stereotype and hating me for thinking this way. Perhaps she was even nice! - These are James Black, Katharine and Suzan Dickson and Alice Tennant.
The fault comes to me, one again people died because of me, of my careless. I close my eyes, shutting the tears and the thoughts, I had to go home, to uncle Myke. Being logical I should first come back there for my backpack, but it takes some minutes for my courage to convince me to go.
Sebastian slowly feels a hit against his ribs, nervous or angry, fuck it, that little brat wasn't scaping from him, the fucking kid had to show up or James would kill more men, it was becoming difficult to find more of them. Then he saw it. Under a falling tree, inside the wood, hidden, was her backpack. Fucking smart little bitch, but not smart enough.
His surprise amuse me, normally it was the reaction to my answer to that question. His eyes turn to the glass doors, I wonder were his comparing is going, but deeply I don't really want to know. He gives me a surprise smile.
John holds Louise's face while putting some ice on her front head, he wonders what happened with her, but don't ask, she didn't need a curious old man right now. Her eyes are sad, deeply hurt, and a will to punch the responsible comes to his bones, she was so young to be so sad.
― Nothing of interesting, Dr. Watson, just study and read ― he looks at Sherlock, comparing us, I know he'll be disappointed, I'm some kind of prion close to Sherlock Holmes ― And play violoncello. It's what I do with most of my time.
— Definitely, mister Holmes — now they were back to last names, but its ok, Mycroft was trying to put the inspector on the talk — But, apparently, he is an old friend of the family.
Sabrina forces a smile and leans in my direction, allowing the glasses to slip to the tip of her nose. I stare into her eyes, allowing a slight fear grown invade my mind.
Ian observes, calculating, our interaction, for a moment I stop to notice his face when he is serious, the sparse beard makes him a little older, and, behind the coolness that shone in his eyes, I see a certain gentle glow, loving. He was weird, definitely weird.
— We can have lunch together, tomorrow! — he goes into the bathroom, for a shower, I believe — And talk about school, about the classes I'll take with Ian.
The last straw was when she said something about how humiliating it would be for James's parents to have a journalist in the family. The boy withered immediately, I realize that she touched a delicate spot for him, with the only intention of being cruel. The twins react almost aggressively, but quickly control themselves and I realize that each one holds an exposed skin part of James, but I just ignore my deductions about that.
― And I suppose he doesn't know that you have my number — I let go the air from my lungs heavily, he was actually deducing me!!
— Dear uncle, having food it's parts of baking something — I put myself on his side, looking up to his face.
That was the first day of me going under uncle Mycroft's sheets, to afraid to sleep alone, needing to much a hug, but to scared of touching him. In the day after he arrange himself in the bed to give me space to feel safe. The first of the little things he's always doing to make me happy.
— Louise — I stop playing, looking at him — We have to talk and you know why — his expression is firm, eyebrows raised and firm eyes — First: what do we already talked about deductions at school?
Mycroft opens his eyes, hopeful. His torturer, sitted on his lap, both hands placed on his chest, takes a disappointed sight.
— Uncle Mycroft — I complete and make my smile larger, agreeing, he wasn't the first who said that. In the government parties, the people who wanted something from my uncle used to say I would be a great politician, they laugh about it, wondering if I would take my uncle's position — Well, yes, but I'm more a person of action, and I wish to work on something I could see how I help people. Uncle Myke save many lives, but he doesn't know the names, faces, I want see, feel, save people, not numbers.
— Oh, dear, but my kid is take you to hell. Specially dirt mouth boys — he places both hands on Mycroft's jaw, bringing him back up, trying to have it open. The sweet smile and the happiness from the dark eyes fade as he find a firm resistance, even after having to much damage of the hurt face. — Fucking idiot.
The mansion is empty and I would be alone for a good time now. The two men search the rooms for intruders, bur find nothing. While I walk upstairs, wondering what to do first, Thomas talks something about staying outside and ready to come in if I need to. I don't remember to answer.
— You haven't talked a lot about yourself today — while we walk slowly through the corridor, I realize her hands are shaking and I have to resist the will to hold it. Maybe she was like me, maybe she was looking for the right thing to say... I wonder if I should go straight to the subject, telling her she could relax with me, or if I should let her know with my behaviour. With my shyness and lack of confidence, I decided for the second opinion — Ian thought about your mother earlier... How she is?
My heart slow down a little, and I convince myself to move, to find something to fight with if is needed. I run my eyes through the room and end up on the desk. Pens? Nope. I opened the drawers and started to throw things out, but there's only paper and a box of pills. I take the medicine and bring closer to my face. Viagra. Oh sweet Jesus, ew. I throw it back inside and step away from the desk. Ew. Ew. Ew.
Uncontactable blocks away, her cheat hurts and she can't breathe, her shoulder and arms start pulsing and stubborn tears flood her eyes. Louise's mind can only think about finding someone, anyone. No. Not anyone. She just wanted her uncle right now, just go home.
— Hey, you will be fine, ok? — I feel the vibration of his voice in my face, coming from his chest, and, surprisingly, it calms me down a little — Look, I'm calling your uncle — I don't rise my head, my face must be horrible, but my body reacts, alert,  I with the mention of uncle Myke — Mister Holmes, is Lestrade, I'm with Louise. She is fine, extremely nervous, but she'll be fine. I'm taking her to my station. Right, we'll be waiting for for you. Oh, ok.
That was probably the most fun scholar day of my life. For the first time, being with other humans doesn't meant to hear bad words and rude questions. We just talked, about movies, dreams and songs, things I normally don't talk about because of the lack of opportunity to do it. The lack of people who cares. And we laugh, I normally never do that, it's not one of my talents, really, but those kids manage to bring up my best laughter, and, I allow me to believe, they're laugh were real to, they were also happy to be with me.
I sit on the leather chair, waving my legs under me, too short for it. My uncle's computer was the most organized place on earth and thank Lord to that. After a quick research, three files seem to be what I'm looking for, about the school and it's property, about my class room, especially speaking, and about Ian Pasteur.
- I am sure you are going to be a great pianist too - the words scape before I notice and part of me want to disapear right there. No deducing on school, Louise! But none of them have a negative reaction, in fact they look astonished, in a good way. My body relax, and I almost allow myself to be hopeful, maybe they were not going to hate me!
All of those little things were making Moran feel several bad shivers through his chest. The small man was his boss, his responsibility, and he was strangely important for him, personally. And there was James: beaten, tortured, and humiliated, and, even if it was part of the plan, it was all Mycroft Holmes fault.
— They came and told me what was happening — she get up to put two glass of wine on the table and a bottle, careful eyes on Mycroft — But I send them away, uncle Myke would be more comfortable without them when back.
— Have you already asked this to your uncle Myke? — The nickname strikes me, putting me straight in the chair — It was how Theres called him, I used to rather Croft, but wherever. Have you asked him?
He has three men behind him, set on the back of the car, and his guitar case on the sit next to him, he wasn't going to use what was inside there, but the Tiger can't deny that it makes him more calm. Wanting or not that girl was smarter then they expected from the beginning, and failing wasn't a real option, James would be furious, she was important for the conclusion of The Fall.
He obeys, putting his gun in the holster, still surprised at the sight of the man on the ground. The umbrella, which had obviously been used to beat the owner, opens on the sword. Mycroft listens to some swearing it's a "but of course!" And the inspector cuts the ropes, helping him to sit on the floor.
Before Mycroft answer his brother the car stops in a bump, looking through the window he can see two black cars surrounding his, a shot is heared then other two. His driver is dead and, he doesn't even need to confirm it, his stress sistem is destroyed. Grabbing his umbrella, the officer observes a group of man approching.
I sit after he's gone, worrying about keep my eyes on the teacher always, he smiles sweetly and stops in front of me with the arms crossed in the chest, nail painted in a transparent shine, hair well putted to look messed. Gay or metrossexual?
In fact, he girl is obviously lonely and introvert, maybe anxious, by the way she walks, the way she scrolls through people, always head down and staying out of the way, not calling attention, Sebastian wonders how she can be like that, and why, the kid was completely different from her family, maybe James was wrong, maybe she was a completely ordinary kid who wasn't good enough even for Mycroft Holmes, growing with him could be the only reason for her introvertness. But that was up to James to ask.
She share a sweet smile, and Greg conquer her love easily. John expected a completely different child, someone raised by the British government it self should, at least be a little paranoid. Or maybe it was exactly the opposite, the girl could trusted her uncle's power deeply enough to be fearless. The soldier doesn't know which one was worst.
— Inspector? — Gregory turns to him, eyebrows raised, questioning, he find it funny to hear that slight insecurity in the other's voice — Call me Mycroft, please. And thank you. For bringing me home — he look for words — For ... For everything.
And that attitude led John to drastic measures, not that he didn't liked girl, he liked it, she was sweet and lovable, although very insecure and sort of scared, very similar to a stray cat, wanting deeply someone's attention on a street side. Just like Sherlock sometimes, really, but that was not the point. He was going to find out why Sherlock was acting like that with the girl, and John was going to sort it out. Sherlock willing or not.
Before we get to the cab on the other side of the street that was in front of my school, we watch three well dressed men entering the building. The one who seemed the boss was very blonde and tall with his face covered in scary scars. I notice the different guns spared on his body, and for some reason I believe there's more.
— Second: when you are in danger you call the police! Not every single uncle you have! — he gets exasperated, and a little red. I have to hide my smile the maximum I can — You know my influence and codes. You panicked and called Sherlock!
But that was definitely my fought, uncle warned me that morning to keep out of trouble, I think he forgot that putting myself in some mess was my only and true talent, well, and annoying him.
Watch the murder of someone you love make you wish profundly die with them, losing my mother did it to me, but, manly, losing Someone so important made me put value on others lives. I could be in a place so safe while so many people die around me.
- Of course you will! - I smile at them, letting it get to my eyes, that might mean I like them. I don't know if this is good, maybe for them it is, if I was a good company, but surely for me it was not. When they hated me, what would happen soon, I was just going to regret - Where do you plan to work?
— "Hi to uncle Mycroft"? I don't really believe your uncle puts a lot of importance on Gregory even existence — She tilts her head to the side staring at him, wondering, looks like a puppy who knows too much — Or he does?
The pale body walks around a little, observing the older man. Mycroft's stomach is sinked, he was about to be tortured, obviously on the most brutal way. He was trained on the MI6 for situations like that, but the terrifying sensation of being exposed goes up and down on his body.
I put on the red quepe and hate every part of what it's in the mirror. I was too short for my age, too skinny for my age, and too pale for any normal human being. My face is tin with well defined cheek bones, just like uncle Sherlock, but it was just weird on me, maybe if my hair was longer, with bigger curves like his, it wouldn't be so ugly. The blue eyes outed on the pale skin, but they weren't clever as uncle Sherlock's, maybe the same color, although not the same beauty. I wonder why they don't have the same nice shine as my mother's.
— Why couldn't I kill the fucking girl? — he stands up, putting the pensil back on his pocket, and start walking through the room. James turns to his bodyguard, he was really a tiger when angry, walking like in a cage, with hunger. Beautiful with the scars on his face, the dusty hair, and the glorious furious eyes. James wonder if he was keeping the sniper for a good view or because of his habilities — She was right there, in front of Holmes flat! I could shot her from the celling, she would die on John Watson's arms.
After putting part of that information on my cellphone and taking the printed blue print to my backpack back I my room, I open the second file, about my class room isn't as technical as the other. It was a relatory/diary of the First World War. About a general called William du Bois and his son.
— Afeganistan, it's already been three years — I realise it's a delicate subject so I don't make any questions. The silence seems to bother him, he clears his throat, looking nervous — And what do you want to do when you're grown, young lady?
I'm so incredibly sorry for the delay. Johnlock is not being easy, I'm trying to build them slowly, so it took a little more in this one. Is not a Johnlock chapter thought just a few.... Realisations
The general is very skinny and as high as uncle, all his uniform is in perfect position, every medal is in perfect organisation. He seems to always be in a "ready to receive orders" position, I wonder if my uncle is his superior or if he is like that all the time. The fact is, he was very focused on being a man from the army, or he was just to traumatized to keep things out of place, maybe ocd was the problem. By his age I can try to guess in witch was he faugth, none worthy of course, any war is truly worthy.
— The game is over. It's not doing good for us, baby girl — Ian turns to me, the kindness back to the dark, the pain almost perfectly hidden — Can I call you like that again? It's how I used to, when you where smaller — I agree, unable to speak — Let's go back to school, Kay?
— Twins, even if Mom always said she was the oldest. Just like Uncle Myke says he's smarter... Don't know if I'd believe...
John walks fast to the kitchen, hidding a smile, maybe he wondered the same when meet me. It was funny for them, but I take a moment to enjoy the Idea. Mycroft Holmes was already all I have, being my father was a simple solution for many of my problems. I would be Louise Holmes like always, but with a lovely (alive) aunt and uncle, maybe my grandparents would still love me. I let scape a little smile.
It took a hole week for me to accept that Alicia's eyes were the most beautiful in the world, and that became my biggest concern. It took the same amount of time for me to accept that those nice people were actually trying to be good with me. It was one of the best weeks of my life, if I'm allowed to say. Even Uncle Mycroft making a weird face everytime I would say so, the twins, Alicia and James were my friends now, I know he was happy about it too. Even if was too early to call them friends or something alike, but friends really sounded so good.
— We don't want her here, Mycroft and me! — the taller whispers, the deep voice going rough against the throat. The blue eyes, the same as the girl on the living room, were truly angry at him — This is not good for her! — the pale face shifts into what could be described as a shadowy expression, a expression of on who remembers a not pleasent past — Nor is for me...
An warm and sweet felling was growing in my chest, maybe all the fun on the situation, maybe the safety of being myself.
— Mycroft — Sherlock sits in his chair and grab the violin, silently I ask to not play until we're out, I don't want uncle Myke to see how he affects me — You have to increase her security, take her out of that school, even if you change the principal, not good for her to stay.
With another smile she turns front, I know is because the teacher is in class now, but certainly she was happy for having that excuse. Who wants to talk with someone who doesn't even know how to answer?
― We cannot leave you alone! ― John puts his hand on my head, smiling ― You are only 13 we can't leave you like that ― I wonder how does he knows my age.  He looks at my uncle, who it's very focus on an invisible point in the air ― Am I right, Sherlock?
— Louise! — John Watson, getting out of exactly no were, hugs Mycroft's niece, pulling her away from him. The government officer feels the hand empty and has to control the will to take her back, away from the soldier — What happened to you? With your head?
On my first day of extra chemistry classes everything happened very naturally. I got to school early, sat on the second chair and waited for my... Colleges to come by. James arrived first, with a smile and a good morning, followed by the twins those with more than a smile to him, not that I would deduce anything about it, and, finally, Alicia arrived. Well, finally I guess, naturally I'm not waiting for her, my anxiety didn't got smaller after her arrival. I mean, it did, if she missed class it could be because of a illness or so, but carrying for her wasn't wrong, I didn't need to be with my mouth so dry about it.
— I left school, after an extra class, and my bodyguards where not there. So, as my uncle teach me, I started walking to a bus stop close by, because staying waiting is more dangerous than walking among a crowd.
— Uncle Mycroft? — she let herself be seeing, trying hard to ignore Sherlock's rejection — Are we leaving?
That was my favorite game with uncle Myke, he was the kind of person that wrote so hard that, hearing from the door, I could understand what he was writing only by the sound of the pen against the paper. It was the kind of thing that his assistant didn't like. She use to say that I wouldn't understand my uncle's work. I don't only understand, I also didn't approve it, and choose to forgive him, even if he doesn't need it. I would always forgive uncle Myke.
— I was surprised when you called me, Mycroft — he sits behind the desk, waiting for my uncle to sit first. On my lack of attention, I just follow them after a few seconds, but I'm happy about it, maybe it looks like respect in his view, maybe he takes longer to hate me — Specially in the meddle of the year. Don't you think miss Holmes will be affected? Miss her friends?
— All right, I'll take you home — With only a few steps he stands in front of the other, barring his passage. Noticing, at an untimely moment, that Mycroft is indeed red-haired and not dark haired as he believed, it was beautiful, he should be out more in the sun — Let's go to the car — in a quick move he takes the umbrella from the man's hand, holding his arm to give support.
It's when I found it. The blue print of the building, my mouth fall and I bent over the table to see closer. All the descriptions above were on it, the giant kitchen, the class rooms and the sports area, but it was different. Under the soccer field, inside the earth, there was something, not named on the blue print, the same happened under the building it self, underground areas, connected by little underground corridors where all over the school, I wonder what inside and if it had any connection with the outside world.
— John, you don't know half... — Then they hear it, a bell-like sound, something almost out of a fable, the sweet and sincere laugh comes from the girl talking to Greg. The two men just stared at each other at the sound, not making a sound until it was over.
I smile, playing the iron, felling the vibration in my chest. The notes of that day were forever printed to my mind, weirdly in the cello their sounded sad, but that was ok, it reflected my mood.
She smiles sweetly and picks up one of the cups with her both hands, delicate. John does not understand what she means, and thinks that Louise notices, noticing her extended sweet smile. He shakes his head, the girl was not going to make herself clear, but okay, that was none of his business, anyway. Probably involved something from MI6.
— Dead — it comes out to fast. Her face turns incredibly pale for a second and then bright red, mouth beginning to forme what would be a million apologies. It wasn't a good decision if you want to make someone comfort — I mean.. she died a few years ago — I shake my head, not letting she start apologizing — She was murdered — the red of the floor, combined with the red of my memories makes a shiver go down my spine — I live with my uncle Mycroft now. I believe, I don't even not how, that you know who he is.
After I'm done the silence takes over the place. Silence bothers me and I know is a problem for my uncle too, so I force myself to think fast, or he was going to stand up and we were going home.
He takes my hands in a sight, it was basically bigger than my hole face, but, therefore the size, it was gentle and soft, always kind with me. I turn myself to his eyes, the big sad green eyes. He was handsome, in a way different of John and Sherlock, but yet beautiful, an sad and mature beautiful.
— My brother send you? — the fact of the always authoritarian voice being broken and low makes Lestrade feel like he had failed the man, for some reason he feels he was responsible for keeping him safe and healthy, so that he could shout and give orders — It is not your department.
It disarms her, leaving her with a silly expression, then she smiles, politely, turning her attention to other, surely way more important than us, thing on the floor. This makes James face me, hopeful, grateful. The twins smile at me, ignoring Sabrina's reaction, they're over protective side towards James showing, shameless.
She doesn't answer, fear and resistance mixed on the blue. For a few seconds Sebastian only observes her, the girl wasn't fighting against the grab nor made any move to scream, Louise was utterly calm beyond the fear, in fact, staring him straight in the eyes, scotching his soul certainly.
Sherlock's phone rings, making the two man step away. John appreciate the red on the other's face and the blue eyes avoiding contact. His own heart is racing, probably because of the sad history. Thinking through it might even be because of the hug, how many times did they even hugged? The sensation of the curly hair stay on his hand and it's smell goes up and down with his breathing. The curly hair and smell of his friend.
— Good Morning, Lise — she smiles, sitting in the table right in front of me. She gave me a brand new nickname, and it was sweet, it always came with a smile — First day of extra classes right?
— Silly? — I look shyly through the corner of my eyes, he opens a side smile — Dear, you were extremely brave all day! — I rise my head to him, not understanding — You managed to scape those men, obviously very dangerous and violent man, a gunshot, that could have you dead, and even came back for you backpack! You were amazing! How old are you? 12? And you didn't even hesitate! — I'm shocked. He really believed that, well he doesn't even half. Lestrade doesn't know how my heart almost felt from my mouth while I was running, or how I almost couldn't force myself to run when that blond man found me on the woods, Gregory doesn't even imagine how I almost didn't manage to fight against that man to scape when he grabbed me. The detective inspector hasn't the faintest idea — Hey, kid, crying is ok, is perfectly OK to be terrified in this situation. You are panicking in the right moment, when you are already safe. It doesn't make you less brave, just makes you human.
I let my head fall to the side, friend? I don't look like uncle Myke? John Watson got himself elevated on my concepts of interesting.
— Come on, ginger, you can do better than this — laughing between the moaning, he pulls his penis in and out trying to play with the Mycroft's tongue — If you bitte me, bitch, I'll take every single teeth of your mouth with a hammer.
— Speak ― that voice seems to go down through my chest, the deep and strong tone takes me to another time, a happier, when everything was simple, a terrible sensation of course, in that other time that same voice was caring and patient, now it was just a a cold voice on the phone.
― Uncle Myke isn't my father, ma'am ― I let the smile go politely wider ― He must be very grateful for that.
I let my head on uncle's shoulder, who puts his arm over me, a almost desperate grab, keeping close, both of us with eyes on Gregory. The DI holds my hand in his, and, I can tell, almost do the same with the bigger hand close by, but I think it's asking too much of him.
— Sure — I heard my on voice answering — I'll came after school — he relax on the couch, smiling. I realise in a role two things: that I trust him, and that, trusting that stranger, I'm ignoring everything my uncle Myke ever told me — Doctor, you were from the army, right? Here in London?
— Today was a very weird day, you know? — Lestrade is observing me, I believe his worry now is to keep my mind occupied. — Strange murders... Nothing alike the things you uncle Sherlock solves, of course.
His hand grabs mine, holding with more straight then usual and start pulling me to the door. After years living with him I know that means how stressed and worried he is, worried with me. My chest flood of guilt.
I force a smile, the dead body wasn't a problem, but I'm grateful for not having to see uncle Sherlock, he was going to be rude and cold, and wanting or not I was vulnerable to that.
— I imagine his phone was taken — Sherlock relax on the chair putting his ear in the violin and start testing the sound, the first note was slightly wrong, but I keep it to me — How you pretend find out who wants her?
I want to say I'm not like him, who was called to college 5 years early, I'm not smart enough, neither had an perfect historic record. But I just smile shortly and take my backpack. I don't feel ready for this.
I shake my head, that sounded to crazy and illogical, but kind of funny. Worshipers of the fire... I can't stop my smile. Where did he took that? It just sounded so weird that even him stayed in silence for a few seconds.
Sherlock is laid on the sofa dressed in his pijamas, both foot on the wall and head placed on the floor, looking just like a child, thinking. The blue eyes open to Mycroft, examining his brother, the tension, the smell of cigarettes, and the hand holding strongly Louise.
— I really would like to enjoy the opportunity of working with you, sir, without the pain side... But I have received orders, so... — he shake his head, disappointed expression — You know... My boss really hates you, for real, he only puts me on working with someone of the really wants to destroy the person. I wonder what you did to him.
— Well, he is always weird, also always interested in the case, but today he suddenly was distracted, not interested — the inspector shake his head, wondering, putting his hands on his pocket. John knew the man wasn't stupid, Gregory realise immediately how Sherlock was bothered by the child's presence, and was just trying to take the suspect out of her head. He was a good man — Humpf, it was my pleasure, Louise, I better head going, my crime scene is waiting for me, and, what it seems, a very weird private detective.
We stand up, and I can barely feel my legs. My uncle whispers instructions in my ear, but I can't focus on the words, my only wish is to wrap my arms around him and don't let go, I know is childish, want to have someone holding my hand while I'm obligated to meet new people, specially when I don't deserve this kind of care
The naked foot covered in blood, the falling jeans, one that show to much of the pale rips, the messy hair and, the prettiest part, the probably hot pistol on one hand, and the dagger on the other, liking in red. After calling Sebastian and his men to his apartment/office, and making an speech about the importance of making plans go right, the small man, like a little panther, jumped with a small knife in hand and cut the throat of one of them while rose the hidden gun and shot the other twice in the head. Quick and efficient.
My uncle's home office was a wooden and comfortable place, with books and a fire place. I remember, some years before, sitting on the floor to study feeling safer close to the strange uncle now responsible for me. The memory of the caring eyes over me make my heart melt a little, he used to observe me over the paperwork, the green eyes scouting my face.
— You are scared, aren't you? ― the nocking and his cursing turns into a heavy breathing ― Who is it? Who would be powerful enough to be so scary? He gave you an order, stay inside with me. Even if it doesn't really make any difference! He know uncle Myke is too busy right now! Or he wouldn't waste time calling you and paying you, he is obviously powerful enough to just take me ― I fell my face turn paler ― Unless he know me enough to know that I would hear, he know how I would feel hearing somebody selling me. Why he would do something like that? How he knows me? Who IS he?
When he's gone and I'm alone a strange sensation that I lost something takes over me for a instant. I decide to ignore it, uncle Myke sometimes says that my brain work faster than me, and that was just fine, later I would find out what it was.
Mycroft takes her to his leap, ignoring all the pain, and allow himself to cry with her. Gregory feels like an Intruder, so he walks to the closet and takes the cleaner and soft pijamas he found and put it on the bed beside them. He was close enough to rise a hand and touch them, but he couldn't.
My uncle neither affirms nor denies, just observes, almost as if trying to understand the situation, connecting pieces in his brilliant mind. Still holding the smaller man's hand, as they stare at each other, I perceive a certain familiarity in the way they stopped, at the shoulder angle, I resisted the urge to ask where they meet and why they mirror each other.
My uncle's eyes fall on Lestrade's, both man reading each other. I can't tell how Gregory fells about that eye contact, but I know my uncle enough to say he is going to blush is it continues. His body position shifted slightly, a little bothered, hands going from my face to my shoulders and, to prepare the hole situation, his eyes fall to what I imagine to be Gregory's lips. A bright red pulsation goes from his neck to his face extremely quickly.
— I am — my uncle answer it without even rising his eyes, he is very tense and worried, I know he said it without speaking and, thank Lord, didn't notice the eyes roll Lestrade gave him.
— What are you talking about? — the angry on the criminal was almost fisical, a satisfied shiver goes through Sebastian's body, bringing the pain of the wound — Are you going to blame a teenager?
"I took her to Mycroft and, for the first time in years, I used enough heroine to keep me away for a week. I abandoned them, she wasn't the only one who didn't know what to do, my brother was desperate. When I came back she wasn't speaking, my brother was terrified, my parents rejected her completely, incapable to look at her, mainly mommy, and she was so hurt. In the moment she looked at me, I could see so much shame for a girl her age. Our little girl couldn't even hug me, she didn't wanted to be touched. I remember to be glad she didn't, in my egoism I couldn't even hold her without remembering my blooded sister.
Mycroft smiles slightly to her, and servers himself and Gregory with a good amount of wine, never making eye contact with the other man. Now showered and clean, just waiting for his doctor, he was passing through the shame. The inspector has to resist the will to hold his hand again. Louise does it, holding tight.
But he was the British government, only had done that in the first place because he had been forced. Not even if that human project beat him until he passed out... He would not. Mycroft just stare at the man. Hating him. He was going to kill him, on the most brutal way possible.
Greg watches the man's normally cold eyes get out of focus and tear up. Maybe it was officially too much for his mental health, broken enough to cry. The inspector never imagined Mycroft Holmes crying. The government official stands and turns to the sink, leaning on it, with his back to Greg, hiding his tears.
Uncle Sherlock opens the glass doors in a urge, John clearly calls him a drama queen. He is dressed in pijamas and get rid of the lab equipments, his look to uncle Myke is full of meaning. I turn to him, scared of what he might say, still keep my back on uncle Myke's chest, his hand on my shoulder, holding tight.
The minutes pass, I think about putting his medicines right in front of him in the table, maybe there still hope for him to notice it and he might survive more that ten mounths, but I guess that fits in "touching" things. I force myself to stay still and be patient, that part was the hardest, be patient wasn't a virtue in my family, uncle Myke for example barely manage to hear my principals on parenting reunions. Perks of adopting a kid, in my opinion...
His hand start to turn a little blue while his watch squeeze the skin, his blood pressure is too high. Maybe he's dying. The idea terrifies me. I swallow hard, my uncle would kill me if I witness another death.
He smiles at her, unable explain  himself why he said it, maybe because he did not know if anyone was saying it to her frequently or because it was just the truth, he probably just wanted her to do it again.
— You will never be a bad memory. To no one! — I want to desagree and give examples, but he pressed his finger in my lips — What happened it's a bad memory, for Sherlock and your grandparents, too hard for them. You are only the second victim of that night. You are not guilty, that was not you. Uncle Sherlock have hard memories, he is a very complex and hard man who doesn't always know how to deal with his feelings, that's why he does what he does with himself, and that's why is better you two be separate. He doesn't hate you, he never did. That man always adored you. How many times I'll have to say that?
When I sit to copy more disciplines, my mind start to wonder. What was that place? Children who knew too much about the British government, teacher who knew too much about my family... Uncle Myke probably wasn't telling me something.
John is able to see shame and infinite insecurity in his friend body, through the long coat and cheek bones, Sherlock was unable to stay cold on that subject. The soldier forces himself to analyse every bit part of his behaviour, trying to crack a way of making the pain go away and a form of putting him and his niece back on what they should be.
On the break, all the students stand up and start leave. As I don't know anyone and hunger wasn't a problem to me, my solution to spend time is solving chemistry problems. Soon enough I was alone in the silence, if all day were like that, I would be very pleased, nobody coursing me or being cruel, no opportunities for me to answer with more cruelties and no teacher would hate on me because of it. Uncle Myke would be proud of me and John would only hear good stories in our meetings.
— The tea is ready — John holds her shoulder and gently pull her inside. The conversation in the room stopped, Sherlock's head is low, silent, hands together and fingers on the mouth, the blue eyes focus on a fixed point on the floor, perhaps thinking, but Gregory Lestrade was not looking expectant, he wasn't waiting for a deduction, the inspector looked surprised — Greg, this is Louise, she is Sherlock's niece.
Sebastian wonders if his boss was trying to be sexy, or it was really that natural to him. The colar bones against the skin, even the hurt chest, and manly the waving hips, made the sniper question his own loyalty, really, maybe he could just jump in the boy and leave after have fun.
— I'm sorry, guys, I had to visit a friend — I follow them, realising they're both very tense and alert, but, strangely, not angry, almost relived on seeing me — Are you guys okay? Is something wrong?
Sherlock's presence in the room was heavy, oppressing me, thank Lord ignoring me too. I'm afraid of what he could say, I know he wants to get rid of me, but I don't what to hear him talk something like that. I observe his profile, the tin nose and the cheekbones. He was just like my mother in so many ways, even the curly hair, my hand touch my short hair, it was less curly, less black, but still had some resemble. I wonder how we could have been.
He bounds a little over the desk, using his arms as support and smile, the caring on his eyes, the total lack of rage or disgust for spy on his stuff unarmed me.
Mr. Watson role his eyes and takes my backpack from my hands and makes me follow him after Sherlock. His caring way was kind strange for me, not even uncle Myke was like that, maybe normal people was supposed to be like that.
Gregory is ought to force those two to swallow something or he would turn violent, but there was no need. When Mycroft came downstairs Louise sat him on what should be his place on the table, and putted a huge plate of pasta in front on him, then another two close by. They stare silently and apparently got into an agreement. Both eat.
Mycroft "to arrogant for this shit" Holmes just sits and cross the arms on his chest, looking slightly moody, but I, who knows him best, can see how pleased he is with the gesture. Just after I notice my uncle is more relaxed and the inspector isn't observing him anymore, my statement begins.
— Mycroft. Yes, I'm on the park — the shaky voice turn straight in a heart beat, John gives a side smile enjoying the brotherly love — Yes, two groups. One by foot and the other with a car. I believe it was Moriarty and the Peters one, for what you said he was very damaged by your organisation. But I can't really tell what they want to do with her.
John is about to comment on how he is a great drama queen, when he notices her head bowed, big blue eyes on the floor, fixed on the tin dust in front of her, as if guessing that reaction was her fault. John wants to say that she isn't guilty, he wants to blame Sherlock, and help her to be strong, but he can't say that, not after the expression of soffering he saw on his friend face. So he puts his hand on the girl's shoulder and smiles, silent.
― I heard my principal talking on the telephone about someone coming to pick me up for money. Please, uncle Sherlock ― that words feel like glass in my throat, cutting me open —, uncle Mycroft will not answer his phone today!
He opens the door, smiling to the kid, and realizes that Louise was shaking head to toe and seemed to be hyperventilating. She look at him, right in the eyes, and for a second the doctor feels completely open and exposed. That little girl could see all his sins, his mistakes and sorrows. The same Sherlock blues, as sweet and sincere as the original, and so invasive ... He knew those eyes very much.
Gregory stands up, smiling, ready to shake the girl's hand. The good part of having the DI closed by is the part that everything to him is just fine.
They observe the dark haired and extremely pale child, and how Louise look around a little, maybe searching for her bodyguards car, but it won't come, they were stuck ten blocks away with the rest of the involved on that kidnap, he plan was wait for Ian to get inside and take her discreetly, but, well, it became easier. The girl, making Sebastian question her logic and self-care, just walks away from the building.
— I want to prove a point, Seb... — the colonel rise his eyes, the dark eyes were on his pictures, the sniper let go the breath, glad his boss didn't cough him in his lust. He really didn't knew — To Mycroft Holmes, to Sherlock, to anyone. I want to learn more, I need more, the great fall has to be perfect, I can't let any lose end... And she — he puts his finger on the picture of the very pale and with a very sad looking, having deep eyes and being to skinny, girl — Is the...
― Hello, John, glad you're back — she smiles, trying to go through the door with lots of supermarket bags. I step forward to help her ― Oh, hello, and who are you?
The two man stare, both visibility bother with something. Louise can fell Gregory didn't manage to accept the existence of Ian, she wonders if he realises why. The same was with uncle Mycroft, the very hurt and still shaking uncle Myke, he is confused, she can't tell if is for the answer or for the "mister Holmes". She decided is better letting them alone, maybe without wanting to look strong in front of her Mycroft could relax.
— Very nice to meet you, sir. I just live with my uncle Mycroft, detective inspector, I'm not his daughter— the idea amuse her, John can see, the sweet smile of someone who could almost see a different life with that little detail changed — How do you know my uncle?
The violoncello takes me out of the planet when I need. Since my mom died is the only less irritant way I have to cry. Uncle Myke like it too, music was his solution to communicate with me in our first year together. Me in the cello and he in his saxophone.
The dark eyes are always on me, caring, almost completely destroying his "I'm dangerous" image. He is a gigantic afro-descendent man already with grey hair and an amazing talent with guns. Thomas never told me his story, just few about a war, I had no idea what was it, or what he did on it. He was a man who was always excited about telling other hero's histories. But I, in my imagination, was very keen to see him as the biggest hero.
The last funny part of it was Sabrina, she chose not to talk about anything we were talking, and everything that come out of her mouth was rude, full of dispair with our tastes and our dreams, Almost as if the idea of us having them offended her. I know she wants attention and does not like to think they're happy enough to not give it to her. It was, somehow sad, but part of me was simply getting angry.
— I've already asked to call me John, even though I think Mycroft has quarreled with you for it — She makes a funny face as shakes the head, half agreeing, half laughing — I Have a sister, but we do not talk much. We're not the same kind of person, you know? — She smiles a little, maybe she was the best person to understand — Was your mother younger or older than Sherlock?
― It's dr. Watson, Louise, and please call me John ― he pulls my hand, guiding me to the biggest couch and sit me, sitting on the smaller one ― Mycroft has no reason to be angry at you, if you haven't called us, some disgrace could have happened.
The boy was very skinny and tall, with a dark hair and eyes, vey asian like, but some European traces. His hands were put on the shoulders of the two girls in front of him. They were twin's with a very beautiful curly and high, with freckles on the dark skin and light-green eyes, as skinny as they're friend, but way shorter. The other two girls were so alike that they could be sisters too, same hair, same role of glasses, same height, even the same way of standing. Part of me sounded the "enemy attack" signal, they fitted my pattern of cruel and rich girls.
— Mycroft — I hear Ian's voice, feeling some provocation in it, but I do not turn to him, just raise my head to Uncle Myke, his face is pale and looks surprised. I can even see the beginning of a short ginger beard of his cheeks — Long time, no see — they shake hands, my uncle is speechless situations like these are rare, and here was my strange teacher making him silent — I teach chemistry to Louise, she's a very impressive child — I turn to the teacher and he is smiling, but sad, dark and still mysterious eyes, a series of theories cross my mind — She looks a lot like her mother, you know? And with Sherlock.
— How? — I vocalise in a low voice, without even realising, I have barely touched my food, observing him, and, when he rise his eyes to me, chewing very slowly, I think he realise that.
— Well, I'm going home. — He slaps his hands on his thighs, strangely embarrassed by what he has just done. Mycroft does not move a muscle, just staring at him. — The little girl must already be sleeping, and we should follow her example. Even more, Mr. Holmes — the British government nodded, unable to find words, watching the man go.
— Yes you are — the huge man shake his head, laughing — I just saw you sniffing his neck, sir, that's not actually friendly. Or straight. I was already like you, army, manly man, and all, I was an idiot. And you enjoyed the touch. His hair must me amazing — he aproches their faces, nice almost touching John's, the angry on the blue eyes amusing Sebastian — if you want an advise... Sex with another man is fucking amazing, and that "friend" — he mock the work, making the lack of air in the doctor mind improve with the anger — it's pretty hot.
— Nervous? — Needham asks in a low voice, smile getting to his eyes, I realised his face is full of small scars, I wonder how they get there. He is trying to be kind, I know, but my hands shakes hardly with it — I know you era nervous. It's scary as hell to meet new people, but relax, okay? Nobody is hurting you here.
— I have my methods... — they stare at each other, a silent arguing, John observes them, confused, waiting. For a second I take the liberty of believing that Sherlock cares about me, but I know it's not quite true. I swallow hard, noticing, uncle Myke softly shakes my shoulders, marking his presence — Well, let's go, Louise. Dr. Watson. Dear brother...
— I'm sorry for that reaction, sir — I do the best I can to keep a controlled and calm voice, and be the most polite as possible — It was silly. Thank you very much for you help, I didn't know what I would do without it.
— Uncle Sherlock hates me, and that's all Mycroft knows — She looks him straight in the eye, invading him brutally remembering Sherlock, exactly the same color, the same intensity, the sadness. Louise seemed so young for such a pain — It's my fault he doesn't have a sister anymore.
— I was a street cop at the time, younger, angrier... One day I was called on this gunshot, the first on the place — he keeps his eyes on Mycroft, very dark eyes remembering on the very sad green — Well, it wasn't a random gunshot, you know, it was an execution, some old important guy from the government died immediately, but his co-worker was perfectly fine — I rise my eyes to my uncle, he is focused on the inspector, no expression, but visibility less tense — He was a skinny ginger younger than me, extremely arrogant and who refused to be in shock. I ended up feeding him, and taking him myself to the hospital. Years later I figured out that he was the brother of the jun... Crazy young man who was helping me to solve cases. Still bossy thought....
The government officer run the eyes through his child, he could practically see everything that happened to her. The running, hidding, being caught and fighting the agressor, being extraordinary brave. Good girl. He rise his tomb, without letting the hold, and pass it on her cheek.
The blue clothes makes me hate that situation more and more. It let me more pale, the skirt is to short, the socks are too high, and I'm horrible putting the tie. I was looking like a star of a pedophile porn movie.
The girl drops her head to the side and gives a smile, bland, cheeks stained, she really didn't hear that ofenly. In the day they've meet, she shown to be more than ready to defend Mycroft, no doubt the man seemed willing to do the same at any cost, but, being the government agent who he was, the doctor wonders if all that affection was translated In small things.
The deep breath Sebastian gives amuses James, for some unimportant human reason, one he just ignores immediately.
When Sherlock turn up the call, extremely pale, John is already running towards the exit of the park. The detective ignores the move, mind racing through possibilities, and diles fast, forcing his hand to stop shaking.
Half an hour later Mycroft settled into the inspector's car, with his cell phone in hand. Now he could muffle the case more accurately and find out who hated him enough to want to put him in the position he had been before. And, specially, he could figure out the name of that bastard, and crush him under a very unpleasant shoe.
I stand still for a moment before putting the phone back in place. Uncle Sherlock's voice was one of the things I lost thanks to my lack of self control and stupidness. I turn myself back to the door. Wait a moment... What reasons my principal had to hate me? I was going to say reasons to Sherlock, but what reasons? Well, I was very annoying and all, but that was all he needed to sell me for someone who probably just hate my uncle?
— Of course you do — the green don't leave her, proud — He just needed to be sweet with you. Isn't that dangerous, inspector Lestrade?
The perfect suit, the umbrella and the intensity, it was all I needed. Until that moment I couldn't feel anything, I had to ignore the attempt of kidnapping, the fear... But now he was right there and I could feel everything, anything, I didn't have to worry, he would take care of me.
I turn my look to the floor, hating myself, how, in a military school, I could be thinking that way? Why I were analyzing the man? I had to behave, as uncle said.
— Oh, actually yes — I allow a smile to my lips — I meet new people, and it wasn't bad, for the first time! I talked a lot today, and wasn't even painful or hard, and this other children, they listened to me, and they cared about what I was saying. Uncle, I didn't even hesitate on saying my mind!
— I do — He smiles from the corner, watching the curls, the blue eyes and the skin drawn in ivory — And from the way you spoke to that director, I see that the similarities go beyond gives the appearance.
― It's what it seams ― he answer without looking at us, but doesn't give a order to the driver, he had already thought about it, a new warm sensation comes to me, maybe he still cares a little.
— Let's go, Louise, lot to do today, and we still have to eat — he bounds a little, a different light behind his eyes when he observes mine — You uncle called me, all mysterious and bossy as always, and told me to feed you.
The colonel waits for her to be a block away from the school to hup out the car, followed for his men. James was very specific on not harming her at all, what made everything more difficult, from choosing his helpers and now to grab her on the middle of the street, thank Lord the kid was a lonely.
— I was take a shower, Little one — he, in a hid moaning, put her back in her feet and stand — Take Gregory down stairs. Inspector, please feed her.
— You are going to be fine, Mycroft, everything is going to be fine — the inspector takes the other's hand, convinced he will manage to drive only with one. The foggy green eyes are on him.
Lestrade grabs her hand and, even if the blue eyes were stuck on her uncle, she follows him down stairs. Mycroft thank it silently, maybe in the shower he could force himself to stop the crying.
— You know... You are a handsome man — he kneels close to the government officer's head, fingers going through his cheeks and lips — Pretty mouth... I really love gingers, Mister Holmes... — he grabs the bloody t-shirt and forces the older man to stay on his knees too, having to hold him, keep him up — I never had a ginger daddy... — the skinny man bounds a little, Mycroft makes a supreme effort to keep his eyes focus on something that not his face, and his mind away from the hard kiss putted on the hurt lips.
I rise quickly before he scapes, and wrap myself on his chest, sitting lightly on his lap, hugging him thigh, strangely letting a laughter go, happiness coming through me. Not in a million years, having his permission was a possibility.
Sherlock is really too discuss, tell how the detective was sentimentally compromised as him, but the hand of the freshly arrived John Watson made him quiet. Lestrade likes that touch z the intimacy on it.
— Your uncle will literally strip the skin of your flesh, brat. — Thomas, with a sweet and proud smile that shouldn't be there, opens a black car door for me, and, as I sit in the back leather, my eyes catch the proof of what my uncle meant by doubling up.
But it was my fault that we weren't anything, and he knew that. My talent of screwing up everything and attract rage set us apart. I took my mother from them, she was the best daughter, the balance between her brothers, impossible not to love. I have taken their pride, and now uncle Myke only have a troublesome kid, my grandparents have to live without their daughter and Sherlock don't have his loved sister.
Sebastian Moran doesn't know why his boss is never up to kill him. Not when he makes mistakes, not when he doesn't gets anger after an stupid joke, never. Even when he already had the excuse to the mistake, James didn't even ask! For example today, how he could know the girl was going to figure the hole plan out and call Sherlock? And, manly, how could he know she was going out the building when, supposedly, she should be locked on a room? Ok, it was reckless, he is never like that, his job was not be so, he deserved punishment and he was fine with it. But James didn't even asked anything, the assassin wonder if he already knew about it and had time to decide if he cared or not.
Then, as if just to show the sniper wrong, making he remember how she managed to scape him a week  earlier, Louise turns to him, without even stop walking, she just turns her head, focousing straight on her stalker, the cold blue eyes scrolling through his hole body, Sebastian was certain in that moment she was a very damage and brilliant little girl who saw his soul in one glance, she just knew with one look. Just like her uncle Mycroft.
- You are all going to be friends, I'm sure - the pulls on of the chairs and sits besides me, and the kids follow him - How about knowing each other better? James, why don't you tell a little about yourself?
— Well, I'm going back inside — he puts the hand on his pocket after letting my uncle go, eyes on the still surprised green — See you, young lady.
— Ready? — uncle Myke watches me from the door, the three pieces suit fits him perfectly, beautiful — You can't be late, you need to have discipline in this school, just like we agreed.
Gregory Lestrade turns to me, eyes going through my hole being. He gets on one knee, getting smaller than me, it's amusing, the worry on his eyes and his delicate hands on my shoulders, before even asking how am I, made my chest shirink and hurt, it was the chance the bothering tears were waiting for. They roll down my cheeks and, without caring is he wants me or not, I jump on his neck, hidding my face on his clothes.
— How do you know my uncle Mycroft? How did you knew my mom? I remember you on our guessing room, you were friends. But how? Why did that over? I don't remember you on her funeral.
He crouches near the unhappy figure, so they stay on the same level, but does not touch him, even felling a powerful will to do it, he did not know where he could hurt. Mycroft had such and helpless expression, exactly the same of so many years ago, the man deserved a hug.
― You, brat, are going to be expelled for this... Saying those horrible things to your teacher... those... Lies...
I have to be calm in that moment, taking a deep breath, I was scared before and in that moment I was angry too. Uncle Myke was always saying that sentiment only put itself in our lives and mess everything up. I have to calm down. I close my eyes and focus on a good memory, my uncle help me transforme my mind in a house to keep my memories, it was very useful when I have to be calm.
They stare at each other, hostility almost burning the air between them. The students share smiles, that conflict wasn't new. While I watch them a realisation hits me: they were all the same. Girls with long hair in a behave ponytail, light make up and arrogance all over their faces. The boys shared the short hairstyle, all brushed to the same side. All of them with this weird angry and cold expressions, superiors. I was completely out of shape, more then normally.
On top of Uncle Sherlock's building, I see a man in a black cap holding a sniper gun very calmly. His face is hidden, a shiver goes down my spine, this feeling of being extremely valuable takes me, if he wanted, I would be dead in a moment. I stare at the gun knowing some how his eyes were on me.
— Good... — he follows my eyes, twitching his skinny body, as heavy as a feather, I feel he is going to test me and that calms my heart, finally I'm on my comfort zone — You are Mycroft Holmes's niece, right? — his eyes come to mine, dark and profound eyes, his smile wasn't reaching them. My rise my eyebrows, what should I answer? He doesn't permit me to, shaking his head. I notice a small talk behind me, they've recognised the name. What kind of children knew my uncle? What kind of place was that? — Yes... You really look like Theres, you know? — he ignores my wide eyes trying to understand. He was far too younger than my uncle, didn't look like someone of my family would keep a relationship. He knew my mother — Miss Holmes... — a small laugh goes through my name as he say it — Tell your colleagues witch one is the kind of reaction you have on the board.
By experience, I know how every normal human devolve some kind of angry for me. And it wasn't because of my intelligence, how uncle used to say, or because I'm "different" as Anthea thought. I was born to be hated, people hate me since the beginning, sometimes it get worse as time passes or it just happen right away. It happened with my father, with uncle Sherlock, my grandparents, any colleges or teachers, even I hated myself.
— You already said that about Needhan, it didn't help us much — James pulls himself to sit on the desk, he would never admit it's by Sebastian knew he enjoyed that because of his size, the kid wanted to be as tall as the bodyguard. Some theories about confidence problems put up in his mind, but lack of confidence wasn't a problem for the tiny evil being — Who is this one? Handsome...
The blue invading eyes come to his, going deep in his being. Those eyes, Sherlock's blue, Theres' blue and, annoyingly, Eurus' blue, beautiful, yes, full of memories of beloved ones, but extremely unsettling. That little girl was his last chance on so many things in his life, and he was falling her, the exact same way he failed with the others. Although the failure, he could see the profund hope and expectations Louise put in her uncle. Her uncle Myke. Never in years Mycroft Holmes imagine himself as the beloved and needed uncle Myke of a little girl with eating disorders, social anxiety and depression. His little one.
— Theres Holmes — she takes back the cup, holding it with both hands, eyes hold on the liquid inside — I believe you will ask my age at the time too. It was seven.
I stop still, letting him walks a little in front of me, but I don't see Ian. All I can see is a very well illuminated room, with a pale and beautiful woman holding me, she was always holding me, caring.
— I'm really against hurting gingers. Especially ginger daddies, witch is your case, obviously — he bounds a little, putting their eyes on the same level, going through the lines of his face —, don't judge me, mister Holmes! Everybody has a daddy kink.
I can't hold the painful sound that scapes my mouth, it was fear, so much of it, the adrenaline was leaving my body and the panic was taking over, my mind knows how close I was from being taken away. Only the gods know where.
— Well, well, I was waiting for a younger lady! — the man in front of me is smiling, the dark eyes almost fading away — Mycroft you almost have an woman in you house.
- She is.... - he run his eyes through my notebook, the dark and gentle eyes unsettle me, they had something cold on then, emotionless. I turn my look to the group behind him.
Gregory observes the nervousness of the young man, it funny to see how the detective cares about the tall ginger man. The DI doesn't even know if the heavy weight on his chest is for the tense and angry Sherlock or is for his imagination. Lestrade could imagine clearly the usually bossy man who was always gravitating in his life soffering in fear and given to the will of some crazy.
― He gets angry with you frequently? It's impossible to me imagine Mycroft as a loving relative, you know?
The apparent always sweet with everyone Ian was as broken as me. I shake my head, uncle Myke always say that calling myself broken was ridiculous, I'm not a toy or something, normally I desagree, but looking at my teacher I know he was right, a hurt person is not a broke toy.
The girl gets up and take a pic through the door, Sherlock and Mycroft are deducing, playing, it a funny thing to observe, like a dance, their normal dance, of course, but without the annoying sequence big insults. She observes, waiting for them to finish, it's amusing, like the real brothers of many years ago.
Gregory shakes his head, the worry growing, the man took at least three minutes to answer, was shaking desperately and was turning paler by the second. The inspector ignores the will of screaming at London's traffic.
— Is the only option, Mycroft, the two possibilities, but first I have to see the scene — Sherlock walks around, thinking, worried — Two fronts might make the protection easy, but we need a realistic strategy.
John want to laugh about the "uncle Myke", but maybe she was only be angry ate him. Maybe never come back, the soldier wonders if she was the only one who needed company, he was, oddly enough, feeling very attached to her in less than half hour conversation.
— Take me out of here, inspector — Mycroft likes to be believe that it's an order, but he practically begged, watching the dsrk eyes widen at him — Get my cell back. Do not let your men see me in this state. Just get me out of here quick.
I decide not test my theory and observe the cars on my window. He was going to spend the hole day without talking to me, only by orders and short frases, as I was some is his workers, and, when more calm, he would come for a talk. Probably about uncle Sherlock, about changing school, increasing my security. I let a sight go, life was going to be harder now on. But I could see John either way, I was a guess in there, for tea and talk, and uncle Sherly couldn't say no, neither could uncle Myke. Well... He could, by only if my securities could stop me, and I was too good sneaking out for that.
My hands shake a little, while I read, it was scary to say the least. A school full of rich and powerful trying to survive if danger comes. My mind run through this: but if I want to die with normal people? Maybe is worthy die with them.
— Why are you alone?— with one eye on Mycroft behaviour, he tries to keep her talkative — I asked John and Sherlock to check you in here.
― Louise? ― a different voice come from outside, not a soft voice that would mean my doom, but a very calm and deep one ― Open it.
— I'm sorry, brother, for putting you through this again, but I had to come. And I need your help. She was almost kidnapped again, with guns, and violence, deaths, in the middle of the street — his brother face falls in to a tense form, understanding — Somebody wants her. Badly. And they don't mind the consequences.
In the car, my uncle is silent, looking at the window, hand on the chin. I like this position, if my hability with a pencil wasn't so terrible, that would be my favorite position of him to draw. He looked like and old lord from and far and dangerous place, the lord who could control anything and anyone.
— Gun shots — the elder brother answer, tipping fast on the phone, locking the important informations and erasing others — I'm about to be taken. Sherlock, track my phone.
— I'm sure you'll be a great agent, who will save many lives. Just like your uncle Sherlock — I look to the glass doors, something inside me is afraid of what that might mean — The difference is he isn't very attached to the human part of the job — he holds my hand  — That will make you a better agent than he would be.
Part of me knows I should just pretend that I've didn't say anything and keep up with my life's but I can't bare the curiosity.
― Have you seeing your size compared to hers, you bastard? ― he was legitimate angry, and because of me. An warm sensation goes through my chest.
— It's ok, little one — me pulls me to him, pressing my face on his chest — You did exactly as I said, you did everything right, it wasn't you fault. And you are fine, is not going to happen again.
I feel a smile on my face, I recognise that walk, the umbrella it's on the left side of the body, he is angry. When he's on the door, I feel the green eyes on me, mean full, upset, estressed, asking for explanations, for a full history, apologies if needed.
— I'm going to be ok, Louise, calm down — he answer softly, one hand on her's the other on her hair — Have you feed yourself today?
In the moment he says that Sherlock passes between us, in a hurry to get upstairs. I observe him, felling guilty for making him sad and angry with my company.
Sebastian screams in frustration sitting on the back of the car. It shouldn't be like that! The girl was right there. He even hold her, looking at his hands now his only desire is to punch something. James would be so furious.
Gregory gets out of the car to help Mycroft to his feet. The hurt man keep a firm hold on Louise from the front door to the bedroom, even sat in the bed, green eyes on the terrified blue ones. Louise calls Doctor Strauss without even taking the hand of Mycroft's.
In a flash, the bitter taste come to his throat and Mycroft put a hand on his mouth to hold the vomit. Now he was there, broken, bleeding, hating every part of himself and disgusted with his own body. He had not felt that way in years. Mycroft closes his eyes, trying to get into his mental palace. Maybe some moment with Sherlock when they were little, maybe Theres's laugh.
John feels bad for her confusion, and leans forward, touching her arm, pulling her out of her own mind, bringing the blue bright eyes to his. That had the power of locking him up and part of his mind wonder if he holds her too, Sherlock's blues  was catch on, always to his friend's attention. She could be family too, if she were closer to Sherlock. John would make her family.
Now he needed a new technique to keep me actually studying without killing someone else. Unfortunately, the solution was a military school and it's bloody uniform. It makes sense I guess, he was closed to the higher levels of the British army, and practically controls the tactic institution, I would be save and people would knew that treat me wrong was the same as treat the Mycroft Holmes wrong.
— Seb, I want the girl — James sits, making a little pout, almost denying the evilness of his being and desarming completely his bodyguard, Sebastian Moran couldn't hurt him really. — You gonna get her for me.
— I know, Dr. Watson — his voice it's soft, the big hand on my back, holding me in his chest — Thank you for taking her out, I wasn't available — he seems guilty, but John would never notice — And where it's Sherlock?
Mycroft feels the hard hold in his hand and, surprisingly, it calms him down, making the painful tears more comfortable. The car stops, his mansion looked unnecessarily big through the window. They were a family of two, why he wanted a gigantic thing like that?
Closing the door without making a noise, I localise my responsible adults in my mind. The security guards were around the fesility, the gardiner's were on the place of work and, except somethings chance over night, the housekeeper, who basically just clean everything, would be there just for tomorrow. Let's work, I guess.
— Yesterday, in lunch — the kid answer with half of her mouth still with food, no fear of the low and serious voice, Gregory smirks with Mycroft's eye roll — About mom and you two — he puts a finger on her lips, forcing her to chew before speak again. It's a sweet movement, Gregory feels a smile growing on his own face — I like him, uncle Myke.
— Ian said you put him as my new bodyguard — she makes him rise his eyes, putting some play in the green. Who was Ian? Gregory wonder why the stranger was being treated with so intimacy — You should take him as yours, as we can see.
I turn my look back to the desk, back to the pill organizer, something was bothering me. The pressure did bother him, and the solution was right there, why he didn't take it? A flash goes through my mind, a big red screech on his right arm, allergy maybe. But he was taking the medication long enough to realize that he had difficulty remembering to take it, that's why he brought the organizer. Why he would start having allergies now? Maybe you stressed him too much, Louise. I shake my head, convincing myself to stop deducing, it only leads to trouble. I decide to stand up, approaching the door, he was taking too long anyway, maybe he had a heart attack and needed help. I press my ear against the wood, closing my eyes.
But she doesn't have the chance. A big hand on my shoulder makes us look up, silently. Ian smile at her, making a shiver goes down my spine,  always the cold eyes, this time even colder towards Sabrina.
I try looking around, but that only takes me to analyze his long coat next to the window, it was full of cat fur, at least three different cats and human hair, long and blonde human hair. I role my eyes, looking away, the idea of someone like him having a girlfriend personally offended me. Maybe it's not something like that. I look again, some of the hair was partly under the lapel. Girlfriend. Wew.
He is standing on my door, staring at me from above, angry. My hands shake while I put the pen down, without taking my eyes out of him. Maybe is fear, or if I'm just nervous, the fact is my legs don't obey me to stand.
- Miss Holmes? - the teacher calls me while puts his papers on a side purse. How that man could be in that place? He was the last military man I've already knew - Come with me, hum?
John tells her to sit on Sherlock's chair. It's funny how small she is for the armchair, in fact, it could hold easily two of her with a lot of comfort. Stopping to think about it, he realise she is small for 13 years, he lets the light smile fall, mainly knowing the physical type of the others of its family, John wonders what happened to her so that it is so. Maybe something to do with the reason she lives with Mycroft. Many possible situations pass through his head, none of them good, he swallows hard, the idea of that little girl going through some kind of soffering unsettled him.
Even making some effort, I can't force a smile. If my mouth opens, maybe I can't close it, screaming in fear, or maybe doesn't let a sound go. My heart goes against my ribs with the idea of never speaking again.
— Good night, kiddo — The inspector is about to get up, after they've heard Louise finish climbing the stairs, watching the man rub his palms together, tiredly. He deserved some time with his niece. — I think I'd better..
Gregory doesn't hid the smile, he was looking for a motive for us to stay too, definitely worried about how my uncle was felling, the man was obviously close to a break down after hearing how I was almost taken from him.
The kick on his cheek send Mycroft back to the floor, pain making his vision darker for a few seconds and his mind clear in a flash. When he is back on seeing and feeling, he is back on his knees, chest and back pulsating on small explosions of hurt. A strong and bitter taste comes to his perception, the throat contracting with the will of purge. Looking up, through the fog that was around his brain, he can see the pleased expression of the boy.
I have the disgusting sensation that I have been given a price, like an product of some kind, and my uncle wouldn't answer his phone! The desperate parts of me start repeating that I don't have anyone else. Only one person, but it was against the rules, I shouldn't even have his phone number to be sincere.
I step away, looking for the greens, searching in his face something, parts of me want to know if he really wanted me there. His kind expression makes me warm, while his own search eyes go through my face.
But that was good or bad? Many things can be made for someone gain that kind of privacy, good and bad. Even if it was good it could be good for the United Kingdom, but it doesn't mean it was safe for me, or acceptable, especially when my kidnapper was still unidentified. Ian could be and amazing person, totally trustable and badass, or he could be an institutionalised mercenary. And, now proved that I can't deduce him right, I could only hope for the best.
— So it were two separate groups — Mycroft Holmes is sit on his car, heading for a meeting, phone on the ear and extremely worried. Revising his last days, he was like this for long now. — Sherlock, the options are the worst! James Moriarty and Neal Peters are two disturbed and violent men, Louise already suffered too much.
Those four people had no problem hearing about my passion over Shakespeare or which songs I like to play in my cello. They didn't asked me why I was living with my uncle, or what happened with my parents, even though, they talked about they're family, and it was comfortable, I didn't made any effort in pretending to be really interested so they would like me, in fact I was really curious to know more about they're families.
Louise can feel her own heart against the ribs, the was the same man who tried to take her from school, the scars, the incredibly light green eyes, the almost white hair and the several weapons spread over his body. Deducing fast she knows he is from the army, he is a great shooter, incredible fighter, and wasn't exactly a good man.
― He is not... You father? ― he looks at Sherlock, who just keeped his eyes in the end of the corridor, obviously wanting to leave. The soldier makes me realize that he probably didn't knew of my experience until that phonecall, why would he knows, right?
I hear voices in a short discussion on the background, but don't focus enough to understand something, my objective was listening my principal approaching. Maybe he was talking with the man with soft voice, still scamming.
I stand up to obey, noticing how short he is, way taller than me, of course, I was a tinny kid, but he was smaller than average, what made him more adorable, at least for me, who was used to giants. Uncle Myke was a titan himself.
— Because your uncle Mycroft kidnapped him when I start working with the police — Sherlock jumps on his foot in an urge, obviously annoyed and John notice how she back off, shaking more, trying to hide some fear. Both older man catch the moviment and both wonder why she would fear her uncle — John, I want talk with you in private. Kitchen. Now.
I rolled my eyes on the faces around me, Ian watches his own nails, trying not to pay attention to the situation, probably didn't want to get involved in that situation, and once again I go back to them. They both stare at each other for a few seconds, serious, then they turn to me, cold, determined stares, my heart shakes a little, maybe it really was the wrong question.
Normally we actually verbally talk banalities, I think she feels I need someone normal in my life, and uncle Mycroft seems to agree because he avoids the maximum role his eyes listing to us. But today that's not going to happen, my uncle is trying to make his lighter work, stressed, disposed to smoke with us in a closed car. Anything could make him furious in that moment, even a minimum noise.
The building was huge and in lots of shades of white and grey, just like a tombstone. I notice the statues and well cuted plants, but don't allow myself to observe with more attention. I needed to focus, actually pay attention on what uncle Myke and the general were talking about.
— You wait right there ― he takes a deep breath, putting his clothes straight, and pulling his cheap tie, I can feel his breath going in hard ― I'm going after your uncle other numbers ― I wanted to say that I knew that numbers, but he didn't sound like someone who would listen to me ― And don't touch anything, freak.
— Nothing... — I snap without thinking, questions flooding my mind, like I normally do with uncle Myke, to not worry him — I am very sorry, sir.
― I was not lying! Her husband is cheating on her! She already knew, somehow, I just agree that it is totally possible! ― I bend over the desk, he was not question my deductions. He couldn't even realize that he had last than a year to live. I relax on the chair and my eyes get wide... Ok, were the bloody hell did this came from?
He agrees, seems satisfied with my answer. He bounds again to me, leaning on his knees, again conspiring, but with a proudest voice.
— She's just fine, Mycroft — John interrupt me, making the green eyes leave my face, the tin lips rise a little, thankful — When we get there, she was locked in the principal office, the man was going to sell her because Louise deduce he was having an affair — uncle Myke turn to me, wide eyes telling how many times we already talked about deductions at school — We left without trouble. She's a precious little girl.
"One day Theres called me, our brother didn't answer his phone, I was the only opinion. Mycroft still blame himself for it. I took a hole hour to get to her, by train, skipping classes for the first time in years. In the moment I got inside", his eyes turn back to the blood again, flooded, as John could see, not just by tears, "I could see what happened, it flooded my mind immediately, unstoppable. He teared her apart, John, so much angry on every part of it, so much violence. Louise was so small at the time, crying so hard, without making a noise. When she looked at me I could see how she was hurt, big full pain eyes. Theres eyes. She was completely naked on a pity of blood, covered on it, too in shock to move.
― The devil ― his resigned voice is low and sound pathetic. I was raised by a woman who believe only in the good part of that history, and lived with a man who didn't even bother to remember the existence of supernatural beings, but the away that man said it made a shiver go down in my spine ― Now open the door, you know how much you deserve his attention, you and your uncle — I let my head fall in my shoulder, interesting choice of words ― All of you, worshipers of the fire.
A full dressed with his blue pijamas uncle Myke come out the bathroom and I'm sure he mocks my happy face. The British government sits beside me, analyzing my face, caring.  He looks tired, like the weight of the world was on his back, but also worried about something, I could smell the worry on him, full tar cigarettes, enough for being impossible for the shower to take it from him.
Sherlock observes his brother, mind running fast, so many information. Sorry for what? Stop eating again? Bothering him? Yes, Mycroft was smaller even, impressively stressed, tense lines on his expression, worried with his girl. Their girl. No. Sherlock didn't have the right of calling her his, although the idea of her believing being hate hurts, imensily. He just shakes his head and stand up, noticing the moves on the room. Fear coming from his goddaughter, angry from John and a slight pain from his brother. A hard painful thought comes to him, how he could do that to the important people of his live. Well, wasn't always like this?
― Mycroft ― I can almost hear the surprise silence on the other side, John's smile get wider, I wonder if he mocks my uncle ― She's fine, nervous, but perfectly ok. She went through a lot, I think you should come here yourself.
Ian has a satisfied and nasty smile, beautiful, of course, but a little scary, I wonder what he is planning.
― He does the best he can, sometime even more... Uncle Myke didn't knew anything about me or any kind of children until I fall in his life, and right after losing my mother ― I ignore the little light in his face in comprehension. I remember those days, Mycroft didn't knew how to talk with me, and I wouldn't answer anyway, I didn't had a voice ― It was a hard time for us.
— Sabrina worries me sometimes, I would be very thankful if you keep a distance from her, Kay? — I look up to Ian's face and there is no trace of worry there, confusion maybe, some kind of internal arguing, his pretty eyes flood in a sweet sadness — But wherever. Let's go.
— They could be better — he stare at me sharply and I wonder why I still love him, he was officially asking for a punch or two. My grades were the only great things about me, the least thing he couldn't be disappointed about it. — But still the best of her last class.
The car gets silence when he back on staring the nothingness, John makes eyes contact with me, almost verbalizing questions, but I only move my look to the rainy London holding my hands together, scared.
— You are proud of her — John states, feeling the different tone of Sherlock's voice and noticing the small smile on his face. — You like her, I could see while you were talking yesterday. You care as much as Mycroft. Why you let her believe otherwise?
Not just with her, I want to say, but he is the kind of person that judges my uncle, so I let it be.
— I don't really know. When momma died, uncle Sherlock didn't wanted to see me again, and we only saw each other again last week, because I needed him — his eyebrows are joined hardly — He hates me, Ian, he knows is my fault mama died.
We follow the man inside, I resist the impulse to hold my uncle's hand, and just focus on behaving. The corridors were old, with dead plants all over the place and with boring paintings on the walls. The floor was wooden and cracky in a weird shade of red, I could almost imagine people being murder in that red, their blood would disappear into de wood...
— John invite me to tea, and... — I can't look at him, once again I've done wrong, always doing wrong. How I could wait to be a good day if what I was doing was wrong? — I accepted. I thought may we could be friends, or something a like, it wasn't because of uncle Sherlock, even inspector Lestrade was there, we just talked, about silly stuff, and..
— Are you going to take me home, or do you just want to steal my makeshift cane so I have to obey you? — although bent over by the pain and all the blood, Mycroft tries to appear haughty enough to frighten him. The truth is that Lestrade finds it kind of adorable, he could just pretend to listen the grumpy taller man and hold him, calming the raced breathing down — And I do not need you holding me to my feet.
— I'm not taking you home! You are not only bleeding and broken, as you are delirious — he speeds up, decided to take the man to the Barts... Molly could get a good and discreet doctor for him, if he couldn't do it alone, even in that state — So many years after, and you still are afraid of hospitals
— If I was more present on her life, in Theres's life, all could be different. I could have save them, I could have answered the fucking phone. Maybe Louise could have trusted me before.
Even with the backpack, the Holmes kid was a little rabbit, running between the crowd, zigzagging even avoiding the cars, she seems to know exactly where to go. Two block away she disappear in a small park, not even looking behind. Sebastian signals to his men to spare, wondering if she had somewhere to hide in there, and the four men disappeared into the trees.
— Interpol — I smile, showing my teeth, uncle Mycroft hated to hear that, moaning about law or business — I want the be a psychologist, study human behaviour, find missing people, help.
John is struck by that frase, even more confuse with the hole situation than before, but he was certain of something: Sherlock Holmes didn't hate his niece. It was exactly the opposite. He catch the eyes on Mycroft. The British government knew what the man realise, and, silently, both man decided, maybe not together, they were putting those two back on the same side. Back in the same family.
— I understand perfectly your concern, Mycroft, here she will find friends way more equivalent with who she is — once more I make an effort to keep my face peaceful. Who I am exactly? The problematic orphan niece of the British government? — And how is she at school? Good grades?
— You don't understand, John. Mycroft don't understand. Only Louise can, she was so young, she have seeing so much... — he rise his look, to invade John's, making the shorter man's heart race, knocking against his ribs. His friend's pain was destroying — Theres was the good part of the family. I was to cold, Mycroft was to insensitive, she was warm and brilliant, extremely patient with our parents, loving even when she was loving alone... I believe she was the only thing me and Mycroft loved at the same time. Brilliant biologist, amazing professor, better deducer then Mycroft. Beautiful woman. And Louise was beautiful when born, too, looking just like her mother. I am her Godfather, I keeped myself clean for her, studying, peaceful with Mycroft and mommy. Even him put effort on doing things right her and our girl, even being completely unable to hold her — he opens a smile, exactly the same sad smile of Louise, the sweet movement John realised that moment it was his favorite on the other man — Life was good.
— What was her name? — John feels his chest tighten thinking about it, it a difficult, specially for a child who as left almost completely alone, the loving uncle stopped being there, the grandparents too, it was easy to believe herself abandoned in such a situation.
― Fuck it ― I push the chair against the door, even knowing that my principal could easily break it open and I grab the phone on the table, diling fast. In the third tone a very gentle and unknown voice answer it.
"Bill is growing as fast as the dangers of this world. My only felling after the latest happenings is that my only son may be in danger, threaten somehow. I simply couldn't survive his lost, and, I believe, and so my brothers in arms over their children. With that in mind, my dearest friend Josef Glacier and me, decide to build this amazing and safe place. For our children"
— Uncle Mycroft — she opens the cars door and passed the sight through the damage man. He was hurt, crying, holding Lestrade's hand, looked extremely fragile — Oh, uncle Myke — she grab the free hand, not knowing if hugging was an allowed thing — I'm taking care of you, you are going to be just fine.
John turn his attention to the street, trying to give Sherlock privacy. On the other side of the almost empty Street, there is a man, very blonde with a guitar case on his back. They stare at eachother for a few seconds, John barely notice Sherlock's tone getting tense for some reason. Then the man salute, smile making the full of scars face get even scary.
— Our brand new student — his voice is excited, while he places his hands together. His clothes are simple and look old, in his neck and very purple stone shine. That was the last person I expected to see in a military facility. I loved him — I left a chair spared just for you, miss — he points the very first chair in the middle of the class, and opens an sarcastic smile to the general — As you requested, sir.
— Ok — she hugs him delicately, kissing his cheek, their shameless on love demonstrations confuses Gregory, Mycroft seems the man who would never allow that — Good night, uncle Mycroft — the blue eyes come to Gregory and she take some steps to hug him. The kid was skinny and small, but held him tightly — Good night, inspector Lestrade, thank you so much for bringing him back home.
— It's going to be different now, Louise — I search for his eyes on the mirror — You will behave just like we agreed, will play in the school band, follow the rules and always be near a known official. Soon you'll be in Oxford, trust me.
— Come on, Tiger! — James's voice sounds boring, going straight to Sebastian pelvis — Stop bullying the smaller children! — Sebastian pushes the other man hard on the wall, observing how he goes down to the floor, backs supporting the head. Looking from up high, John Watson was hot too — Bye, John. Say hello to Lou for me, looking after to finally meet her.
John's eyes widen, then regretting when she blushes slightly, looking away. He don't know what surprise him more, the what he imagine it was a deduction or the answer
Impressively, the inspector stand up taking me with him, my feet leave the floor while he is holding me tight in his leap, walking. Normally it would make me panic horribly, the sensation of not having control over myself going through me, but his contact just helps to calm down my heart.
His body was no different, the expensive T-shirt was torn, already without a sleeve, half of the buttons had to be scattered around, blood staining the white. His wrists were bleeding from the tightness of the ropes (ropes cut with the a fucking sword-umbrella). The exposed chest in some places was full of red marks. The government official had been through a few bites.
― Hello, Louise, my name it's John Watson, I'm your uncle's friend. You don't even look like Mycroft.
Louise puts her head on his chest, never letting his hand. An irrational will of holding her and never letting her go takes over his body. His niece was one of the only people who could make him be extremely irrational, really. Mycroft knew he would tear England apart for her without even blinking.
— I have to go, Doc... John... — She smiles, enjoying intimacy, and stands up without looking at him anymore —  Uncle Myke surely already knows that I am here and is already furious with me. — She opens a familiar smile to the floor, very sweet — I have to go home and wait for the scolding.
— No? But then who will cleans me? — he steps away, letting his face go, rude, and puts his hand on his own chin, as if reflecting — That brat you call niece is too far... — Mycroft feels his body cool, imagine his child in that situation tearing him, thinking about the subject he even understood how she had stayed after death gives mother — How about... I use you to clean me.
The park is surrounded by policemans and cars, the bodies of the men who chased me are being taken away. My original plan is to sneak inside, and leave as fast as possible, find my bodyguards gods know how, but I catch the view of a grey haired man with his back turn to me and I'm unable to stop myself. With the fastest step my shaky legs can give me, I wrap myself into his heist.
While he observes the younger and shirtless man dance uppon his two dead man multilated bodies, the sniper tries to crack the mind of James Moriarty. The most dangerous and brilliant man he knew. The beautiful on that position James Moriarty.
I want to desagree, but I could barely breathe, when he takes his hand of mine I can only keep my eyes on the table. That subject would always bring that cut like sensation, like part of my organs were being taken from me. It was not about my mother's death and I know, my hole body in hurting because of the flashes of the brown eyes who always cared about me, the same smile as daddy would always give to mommy, but this time, with much more blood.
— Well, at least explain why you two are so alike — He finishes his tea and puts it on the coffee table, maybe some cookies were a good idea.
Louise, felling his hold less tight, takes the opportunity and run, as fast as she can, not idea where to go or where the other kidnapers where, so she turns herself to the exit of the park, maybe on London's crowd she could disapear easily.
As his personal bodyguard and the one leading the failed missing to get the girl, Moran thought, for a second, the next shot was on his chest, and, before dying, the consulting criminal were rip a lot of little pieces of his body. There was no other reason for James to call him on his personal apartment when he was going to kill those man, the logic was to Sebastian to be killed too. But, as always, not following the logic, the younger man, with the bright dark eyes, just turned to him, almost friendly smiling and asked, calmly:
- Kids, this is Louise, your new friend - I rise my head wondering if my celebration was too early. Ian is standing at the door surrounded by four girls and one boy, staring at me - And I think she is studying! On the break! - he lets his head fall to the side and start walking to me. I can easily compare him to a bird or some kind of reptile who found something looking like food. The ideia makes my hands shake, being observed by a crow wasn't the funniest thing.
Seb... James Moriarty was the first to give Moran a friendly nickname, and it amuses the assassin. Everything in his boss in fact. Specially when the pale man took his shirt of to "have fun" with the dead bodies. Sebastian is sure, based on his experience on the army, he normally were going to be disgusted of the pleasure of mutilation the kid fund, but James... He was different, everything on him was different, curious, actually.
The girl is six steps away when a van stops in the sidewalk, almost covering all the exit, and it's side door opens, reveling an even more scary man, up to grab her. The terrified heart jumps one or two beats, the fast brain knew her chances were too small, as small as the space to scape the van and reach the street.
I swollow hard, who ever it was, the man was following Me for long now. I wonder if I tell this to Lestrade or my uncle, they would be so worried... I fight internely, trying to understand, all of that shit basically.
So the other felling start, one that had nothing to do with family, I feel incredibly silly. I was panicking about something I wasn't sure of, calling a man who probably didn't care anymore, actually running away from the responsibility of screwing up things again. My chest suddenly is heavy, I shouldn't be doing this. Uncle Mycroft would be so upset with me, like always.
But in what he could think about? Louise? She was so vulnerable alone, and, if Mycroft's death is unavoidable, how would take care of her? He could think in Sherlock, but how he could leave his baby brother alone in a situation like that? If Mycroft was a goner, his brother would fall into another drug pity because of the responsibility of raising Lou.
- My mother occupies a small seat in the British army, and my father an unimportant position in parliament - She let go a smug smile when realise my raised eyebrows. That was probably the highest post among them, maybe inside the room, well, not as high as Mycroft Holmes... - I will pursue my father's political career, you know? He told me about you. He said that your uncle is Mycroft Holmes, everyone in this room knows well who he is - She opens a beautiful smile that does not reach her eyes, I let my coldest expression show, how did they know? - We're going to get along just fine, aren't we?
— Double Louise's security and drop mine to half — he orders, leaving no space to question. I stare at him, letting my mouth fall. No. That's was his solution? He couldn't be the target. What if I lose him? The cold green eyes fall on mine, inflexible — Not even a word, young lady
I put the picture to print and roll down the page on the computer. In there was a sequence of observations, guns names, food supply and were find it on the underground network. I don't understand, the building was old to be built thinking about nuclear and chemical weapons and it was just a school why half of this things were doing under it?
That time was made of sad songs, but when I talked to him for the first time, I was gifted with a happy solo. Mom used to say he was the most paradoxal man she knew. He was the controlled and cold government officer, the dark side of the British government, he could control wars, deaths even! But in the music he was the beautiful and chaotic jazz.
I feel he's almost worried with me, he was thinking the same of others. Probably believe that uncle Myke was inpatient with me, maybe aggressive. The Ice Man certainly would be cruel with a kid, he could almost justify violence to educate. But they were wrong, he simply wasn't like that, Mycroft Holmes was only reservate in the beginning, after all those years he became somebody lovely in his way, sweet sometimes, hard when needy, but incapable of any cruelty, at least with me.
I shake my head hard, forcing myself to focus. The end of the file is about an specific class room, one of most importance, only the children of the highest level of our society could be there, the most well informed and somehow dangerous, according the writer of the file. The safety of those children was even more important than other safety, the lost of those children could cause chaos all over the British government.
I want to say goodbye to them, but my voice hesitate for a second and I miss my chance, but it's fine, I don't know if I could bare the sadness if only John answered it.
Felling her heart beat on her finger tips, Louise catch the exit gates look, the well put road of grey bricks of the park ended on the street, the passing people and cars framed by red iron gates, safety or something alike. She forces herself to go faster, hearing the heavy steps of the terrifying man right behind her.
— My mansion — his voice is broken, deeper than normal and goes out painful, what makes Gregory wonder the kind of damage in the man's chest — Turn left on this next street.
― Listen here, whore ― the door shakes hardly, I'm dead if it breaks ― You don't know a thing! You are just and orfan piece of nothingness that no one want, who thinks it's so smart, but the true is that you are just an abandoned kid that the uncle had pitty on.
― Have you ever heard of me, Mr. Watson? ― I rose my eyes to his, the very beautiful blue was confused with the situation. The answer was no of course. I abrace my body, trying to keep the cold wind of London away, or it was just the fear, the anxiety ― How long do you my uncle?
― Vascular dilation? He has heart problems! Why somebody would do this? ― I shake my head, man!! ― OK, let's try not to be an smarty and find something to hit him with — I open a sarcastic smile, I could almost imagine my uncle saying that.
Apparently I could only belong to one group. I resist the idea of turning back and look to my colleagues, wondering who were the other of my group. Such an odd school, segregating students like that.
The rage come from down in his stomach to his chest, hitting on the ribs, as he imagine the almost bold man observing as James is beaten and humiliated, enjoying it certainly, maybe doing something himself, with the small evil man so vulnerable. The Tiger let his eyes run through the naked back of his boss, the pale skin marked, he deserved more than that treatment, Sebastian could treat him way better if the boy wanted, without the urge, he could be lot more gentle than normal.
Louise speaks fast big blue eyes going through her uncle's bandages, Gregory finds her preocupation amusing. Their dinamics is more organized then Gregory's life. The trust, the caring and, especially, the dependence they developed was sincere enough to be better than Gregory's former marriage.
— Sherlock, that uncle of yours, is pretty intense, you know? — John says, just to keep up the conversation. His mind, otherwise, was focus on find ways of being the one who would give her the "big things", while watch the funny way she drinks tea — You've always had this awkward relationship?
Mycroft feels the disgust in his throat, eyes firmly shut and fear hitting his ribs. He gives up on fighting, trying to relax his body while the man put his hands on the black belt. There is nothing he can do to stop it.
— Stay.— He listens softly and the other stares at him, the steady greens were slightly reddish, it was not being easy for him. — Help me finish this — he points to the wine bottle, averting his eyes, cheeks flushed. — Unless you are really desperate to go home.
— Maybe we can modify that, young lady — he smiles to uncle, conspiring, and receive a fake smile in exchange. Changing me wasn't one of his objectives — But now is not the moment to discuss that. The young lady should already be in class. Come with me, huh?
I chose to ignore certain thoughts of power shift that pop up in the back of my head, probably coming from a sequence of deductions I could not hold, but that was an absurd thought,and I was going crazy. Sabrina could be manipulative, but she did not "dominate" anyone. She was 13 years old, that was definitely absurd.
— Don't you guys think uncle Myke is exaggerating? Maybe just a little? — I relax on the sit, taking my eyes from the window. Obviously, they don't answer me, but isn't a problem, silence, when both sides want to be in silence, was perfect for me.
— Gotcha — he presses the small and shaky body on his, holding thigh, eyes going through every little detail, she looked just like Sherlock, really — Did you really thought I wasn't going to get you?
I don't know what that means, if it was a black tag on the words, or a top secret password needy thing, I would understand perfectly. By not having anything means just that Ian gained the privilege of privacy, what probably explains why uncle Myke was surprised on seeing him, maybe not even my uncle knew his recent status.
— Some many options, so little time... Boss said I can't kill you thought... — he turns around and open a bright smile — James Moriarty calls you "Ice Man"... — Mycroft swallow hard, Moriarty send a psychopath then... Revenging, of course — My boss, therefore, calls you "the fucking idiot with the umbrella". Let's see what we can do with this information.
Her eyes are not dark as Alicia's,  they were brown, yes, but way lighter, almost caramel, and certainly way colder, very calculating, as all in her, agressive, egocentric.
Beside my uncle's flat there's a coffee shop, I wonder how it's like inside, but I would probably never know, uncle Myke would guarantee that. I jump out of the cab after John, and observe the place. It seems nice.
Gregory had never seen the man so vulnerable, but he had never seen him out of his office either, just with Louise. His face bleeds in several different places, the lip is cut into several parts, forehead erupts in blood frighteningly, and the cheek is swollen and cut.
— Oh, Sabrina, he doesn't have to worry about that — I smile using my most diplomatic voice tone — James knows well how to deal with politics, I believe. He surely will be the director of a giant and important newspaper — I force a laugh, even though the act sinks my heart into the ribs — We're going to have to be careful with him so he does not destroy our careers, right?
— It's what I'm always saying... Sherlock wanted me here — Gregory reachs out to him, stand hands, without touching, and try to be as gentle as possible — Let's get you up, come one.
— May we go now? ― Sherlock start to walk away and I feel my heart heavy, it was going to be really difficult be close to that man.
— Boring! — James jumps one of the dead bodies with the elegance of a ballerina and lands right in front of Sebastian. They would be face to face, if the younger wasn't so short, but the sniper would never say something about it, because of his love for his own life, of course. And, he likes to believe, his self-love was the responsible for his lack of urge over the other. Yes, the tamptation, Sebastian wouldn't resist it on another time, with another person, not so close to a younger and attractive man was James. But he didn't have the urge of taking the boss, he never had, Sebastian couldn't imagine himself over the boy, not over those evil yet sweet check bones — Killing her is boring, Seb! I want her. Talk with her. Isn't she fascinating? After everything she went through, and rose by Mycroft... It would be much more easy if you and these incompetents — he points to the bodies, passing so close to Sebastian he could smell the expensive perfume of the skin body — had got her for me! But no! You lose her, and, put her on the safest school in hole Britain, and made her uncle double the security around her.
- Our mother occupy an unimportant role on the Prime Minister's security - they speak in unison, the voice are like little bells ringing with laughter. They look like two fairies, and I like them immediately - We don't play and musicals instruments.
Louise had a tense expression, the delicate eyebrows putted together, he wishes to show her how not scary is Sherlock, how her uncle is a sweet man. A flash of the adorable smile and the light blush of the pale cheeks of his flagmate comes to him bringing a shadow of a smile, a sweet man.
The man, before start the spanking, takes Mycroft's black umbrella, rising it like a sword, little he knows, but Mycroft doesn't focous on that. James Moriarty wasn't after him after all, just after Louise. The possibilities were shitty.
In a perfect timing a noise makes us both jump a little, It's someone trying to open the front door, with some difficulty. It was a small and skinny old lady, with dark hair and a sweet face. Just lika a grandma should be.
— It's a good idea — his voice is low under the sound of water falling. A little smile comes to me when the image of him coming to pick me up at school again forms on my head, it was beautiful, even if he wouldn't talk with Ian again and let me without leads to track —  I could change my schedule for this week, and we would have lunch together every day until the beginning of you chemistry classes.
— Doctor Watson, please, forgive me, I simply can't come in! — she speaks fast, while step a little farther, with and forced sweet smile — I don't believe is appropriate, uncle Sherlock won't be satisfied and uncle Myke told me not to come here.
— I will love to be invited for your apresentations — Sherlock let go a dramatic sight, and lock himself back into the kitchen, closing the glass doors behind him — You can call only me, if you prefer not to have such an irritant presence close by. I'm sure I'll be — he makes his voice higher — a better company.
- Louise Holmes - I shake her hand, ignoring their smiles broadening while they recognise my name, that was not even possible. - I am very pleased to meet you.
Sebastian even managed to ignore the insistant pain on the not healed enjury, the adrenaline runs through his body in the chace, John Watson right after him. The Colonel wasn't going to lie, he didn't expected to get cough on a running through London, but he wasn't complaining, now he could see who has the best military man: Sherlock or James.
— I am the very last person Ian might want to take care of — he bounds to put their eyes on the same level — As I believe you already know. When did he told you?
— I know, uncle Myke, I'm sorry — I turn to the green, the very calm and comprehensive. It's always being like this, since I have to move with him, eating was a problem, at the beginning my body simply wouldn't accept food, even after I got better hungry wasn't a problem, I have to remember myself to eat — It won't happen again.
— First exclusive class, Holmes? — while I'm putting my books on my backpack on the end of the class,  alone as always because of my slowliness on copying, Sabrina comes to me.
- We are going to be diplomats one day - they say together, broad smiles. I notice a proud look from James on them, an attentive admiration. I look away again, preventing myself from deducting more.
Laid on the floor, a destroying relief takes Mycroft's body. He shuts his eyes strongly, holding the tears. He was going home, simply forget that, who ever was the police, he was a superior, ultra superior, the case was going to be shut and it would be like it never happened.
— Oh, fine. We will let inspector Lestrade take your statement — he guides me to sit in front of Lestrade's table, but stay stand, hands on my shoulder. — Lets go with this, inspector, I want to take her home.
Ian's hand move forward to grab my fast enough I can't even react, his touch is strong and kind, worry.
At the same time uncle Myke star saying "I don't believe it will be necessary", I went on "ok, sir". Gregory rise his eyes to my uncle and the green are on me, worried, I know is better for him to solve it alone, but deep inside I know staying a little longer with Gregory might do doing for us, both of us.
Is too late when Sebastian realise the weight shifting, the kid bounds back, pulling his body with her and before the man could shift it back, Louise's front head goes heavily against his nose, breaking it. While the man still shaking his head, her knee goes up, straight between his legs.
Mycroft stares at him, greens lost in the red, expression overflowing defiance, as if expecting some joke or rudeness, Lestrade just leans his shoulder in the other's. He does not know what to say, or what to do, maybe that physical contact is welcome. Gregory just stared at him afterwards, wanting to say he saved the girl's life, that Lou would never be as happy as she was with him, but he could not find words. They just stared.
— Why don't you take her inside, Dr. Watson? She might be hurt — she shakes her head and step back to his hand, grabbing with her both — I know, small one, I'm right here, just go. John will take care of you.
— Oh, my God, it was you — he holds me, hands on my back, pressing me against him — The girl they were stalking. Dear god, Louise you are shaking like hell.
My uncle it's watching us, bored and with not very friendly expression, the military puts his hand on my shoulder, trying to be nice. My stomach twist and I swallow hard feeling the blood leave my face. I keep the smile, he wouldn't hurt me, I was just being silly.
When his brother turns off the call, Sherlock is unable to move, his mind racing. It was so fast and organized, he can't even imagine what is going to happen with his brother. Well, he can.
The door opens without making any kind of sound, I only observe him, still playing, as he passes through the place, and sits on the bed, heavily sighting, observing my room. It wasn't a very healthy room for a 13 year old, but it fits me. Lots and lots of book about crime and murders, white walls with some posters of old rock bands, a closed too big for my limited number of clothes and my desk, probably never used, my place if study was actually in his office floor.
— Excuse me, then — Sabrina doesn't look at us while leaving, head down and hands shanking. I can tell from her walk and her body posture is not angry, although I can't say what is it without deducing thinks, and I'm doing quite well in not for the last days.
— Oh, yes, everyone knows who he is — her rise of eyebrows seems to take away my questions leaving me with a new urge of touching her — I believe I've even already meet him...
When they are vanish, Sherlock walks to the car. I sit between them, hands shaking in tension, John doesn't know what to do so he just smile at me. Uncle Sherlock doesn't even looks at me, he must be so angry. Well of course, he was obligated to see me, was enough to end his day, I believe.
— Now come, you haven't eat all day — he puts me on my foots and guides me to the kitchen. My room it's on the second floor, right beside his room. The furniture make it obvious that he wasn't the kind of man who wanted a child living with him. Longs and darks corridors with art everywhere, hole rooms turned into libraries and his private movies place, even his kitchen was lonely, with no table or food... He was never expecting visits. When I think he didn't need to go through that a hard pain goes through my chest. In another live he would only be uncle Mycroft from London, too far away from me. Yes, I observe the tall and ginger man, still dressed with parts of his suit and caring his umbrella indoors. He was my bright side.
— Mrs. Hudson? — John calls, confusion face, I wonder if that it's just he's normal face — Maybe she's out?
― I took it from uncle Mycroft's little notebook, I'm sorry, sir, but please, help me! Please! ― the silence on the other side of the line kill me a little, I want to say that my principal have many reasons to hate me, but I can't force my voice out, the little panic of the sensation of not speaking join forces with the tiny voice saying " He's hesitating because he doesn't care anymore". The hyperventilating start small and I feel my legs weak.
— Thank you so much, uncle Mycroft! Thank you so much — the hesitant hand goes through my hair and all he muscles relax sensibility. I rise my head to look in his eyes — How was your day, uncle Mycroft?
— Take my umbrella and pull the handle — he orders, Trying to sound calm, his breathing thumping against his throat, shutting his eyes firmly — and cut this ropes.
In the car, no word is said, he doesn't let me go for a minute, the hands tense on my back, the face put against my hair, almost as if he's really worry. Well, he works for uncle Myke, and I know what means the way they look at each other, he was worried about how my uncle was going to be. Surely he wasn't worried about me, it was such an waist of time. Maybe he doesn't know is my fault those men are dead, more and more numbers to my personal list, even if they were criminal and wanted to hurt me, it was my fault, and nobody deserved to die like that.
When I put the first foot in the street the cold winter goes into my clothes, but this time I don't accept the feeling, embracing myself, today was going to be a good day, until the end, I didn't deserve cold today.
The door lock start to hit, and I put myself on my foot in a jump, hearing his bad words, it's almost comic how I can almost see the vein in his front head pulsing
Until it's true, I want to say, but I can't finding my voice. Hate that sensation, I can force myself to talk. I want to play the cello until my fingers bleed, scream while doing it. I've already done that. Uncle was so desperate that day, he only calmed down after the blood stoped. He holds my hands harder, it was uncle Myke, he always knew what I was thinking.
— Your uncle is right, miss — Lestrade kneels close to me, once again putting himself in a shorter position — And I'm going to help him with that. We are going to talk, and you will tell me everything about what happened. I'm going to catch these guys.
— I don't believe I'm good to give this answer, Dr. Watson. Uncle says I have a lot to learn — as in every aspect of my life — and my teacher says that I'm doing fine. Maybe some day I manage to truly get somewhere.
Although, the ginger boy to my left was the opposite, had been working with us for a short time and I feel that, if he could, he would get drunk every time the job was with me. Obviously very talented and strong been, but terrible dealing with children, always assuming himself smarter then me.
— I thought we would only see each other tomorrow — the soldier tries to take her mind of what happened — You had classes today, right?
— Your eyes are beautiful — that's all what comes out, but Gregory do not regret for saying it. It was true. Mycroft widens his deep green eyes, analyzing his face. — I mean... Even though they are red, I mean... —  He looks around, the big, expensive kitchen oppressing him for a moment, flexing his shoulders, practically shrinking, still feeling the heavy greens in his face — You did your best for Lou — Lestrade looks at the redhead, who looks at him with sharp eyes, a little less threatening after what he said before — And it was great, she is happy with you, she adores you... So brave, intelligent and good with everyone she knows. Mr. Holmes, she it the one who is going to make this pain of yours go away, I do not even know if it is possible, but if it is, she will make you get better.
— What a pitty, mister Holmes — he stands, taking Mycroft's blazer to put over the naked body — Your smell is amazing, ginger one — the kid gives the man one long last look — Goodbye, Mycroft.
I sit straight on the chair and I feel uncle Myke apprehensive beside me, hands crossed on the lap, to the rest of the planet he was keeping the cold and contained face, but I know him, he was waiting my answer.
— Wait, boss... — the tiger grabs the picture between his hands and James, even having to take a deep breath for being interrupted, enjoys the smile he let go. The consulting criminal once read a book about a man who could give that same smile, the 'smile of Lucifer', that comes from the lips, goes through the scars on his pretty cheeks, but didn't reach his eyes, the beautiful and cold blue eyes — I know this one here — he points to the smilly teacher beside Louise Holmes — We already had fun together.
- We are still going to hear a lot of fights until then - Sabrina tosses her beautiful hair back and looks botherd, her snub nose makes my stomach twist - you'll get used to it, sweetie - She smiles, engaging, and stretches herself over the table to grab my hand. I force a smile, but noticing the reactions around me and I feel like I'm falling into a trap.
We put the bags on the kitchen table, hearing her talking non-stop about how the market was a complete mess. John start to get impatient, he was just like uncle Myke, ordinary subjects were boring for them. But I was different, it was actually boring and pointless, yet the normal and calm life sounded interesting, peaceful.
- Yes, Ian - he turns the dark eyes to me and smile - I'm very pleased to meet you, Louise - My father is a minor worker in a middling British bank - he opens a sweet smile and let his head fall a little to the side, as if asking if I understood. I let the corner of my mouth rise handling my head, confirming - I've always studied here, and some day I'm going to be a great journalist.
Inside it's dark and dusty, it's an old building, impressively well cared, and it has the sound. I bound my head as far as I can, trying to ignore the memories, keep the violin out. The flash of a bright house, full with that sound, and always with kind hands on mine. I lift my chin and take a deep breath, I had to be strong. Uncle Myke would soon be there.
― He will think twice before get angry with you ― his smile is joyful and I can't not hold mine. Poor uncle Myke ― He's coming, I suppose he went to your school before. We should have warned him.
The only two people how never hated me were uncle Myke and Anthea, but I don't cont her because we barely see each other for real. My only fear was losing uncle Myke to that too.
In my imagination, that kind of question would open a hole through my chest, and broke me in pieces so hard I wouldn't be able to hide or answer anything, I wouldn't manage to speak. But, although it really hurt imensily, I felt safe enough to actually to think about the answer:
For reasons I can't imagine nor permit myself to deduce, she wasn't so close of the other any longer. When I arrive, seven days before, she was not only their friend, but some kind of leader. Now she stepped away. In any moment the other three act in a way to make her leave their small group, it was her. For some reason.
— You know, mister Holmes, I love gingers — The young man standing in front of Mycroft is naked, he took his clothes right after entering the room where the government officer was tied up in a chair, before even saying anything. He was extremely skinny with a long hair, cold dark eyes scorching the other's body.
― Oh, he is going to answer me ― he dials fast in his desk phone, the lage fingers remind me of big sausages, but I know that's a thing not just because of his weight, that was a reflection of his heart. A very trouble one. I take my eyes out of it, that wasn't the best of moments to play deduction.
Mycroft Holmes is beyond stressed. At this rate, he would have a heart attack before 60. In less than 2 week Louise was almost kidnapped twice, change school to a military like institution ruled by a psychopath, and meet one of his ex boyfriends. He takes his cigarettes with one hand, not letting his niece go even for a second. "Boyfriend" fucking silly word for what Ian used to mean.
Louise thank silently some god for what she just noticed, but it wasn't only risky, it also could get her killed, make the man angry, it was obvious he didn't wanted her dead, but irritate him wasn't a good idea certainly. A flash of how Mycroft Holmes would be terrified if having her niece kidnapped puts her doubt away. Louise was going to get home to uncle Myke no matter what.
A lot of pain, for what I could deduce (what a relive let my brain work without restrictions), a lot of pós trauma reactions, his eyes won't stop for a moment, always in alert, almost scared in fact, some loud sounds would make him glitch slightly, and even on eating, I wasn't the only one to force myself on it. If I wasn't looking for something, I would never be able to see it all, he was living like that for years now, maybe all those little things just split through his own perception, it was routine.
― You can call him the way you want, but my uncle is not answering his phone today, he wouldn't answer the Prime Minister today. He told me that this morning. — He probably knew that I was going to screew something up today.
— Anthea took Louise to her house, you should go see her. She must be dying of preocupation with her uncle Myke.
— Not really — the puts the cup on the side table, her delicate movement is too alike Sherlock's, she seems ready to deduce a case — When my mother was alive, uncle Sherlock was the one of the family who was closer. He used to like me, I remember the violin — she smile sweetly to the musical instrument beside her, the pretty eyes flood in sadness — Even my grandparents liked I those times... — she turns to him, craving the blue in his soul — Just uncle Mycroft stayed with me after she died.
The man bounds in pain in the sink, more tears coming. Mycroft knows he wasn't a good person, but he would make it diferent if he could, maybe doing it diferent the punishment wouldn't be so hard.
John is a bit nervous, he's been this way all day, luckily, Sherlock was not good with emotions and had not noticed, more important things to him on his mind. He feels bad about using that little girl that way, barely knowing how Sherlock would react. He had been extremely cold with the niece last time, she even truly believed her uncle hated her, but John knew his mate, he cared, deep down he cared about her.
- I understand, teacher - I open a smile - I wasn't going to deny, it's actually very exciting - my hands shake while the right words don't come, if the wrong ones come out he might hate me faster - My week is, in fact, very easy. All my days are free except Thursdays and Thursdays. And I have to let my uncle know, define everything exactly.
— Mycroft, look at me — he obeys, unable to explain why his eyes focous directly on the older man lips — I'm so sorry for what happened — the green manage to fall in the dark — You are going to be fine now, lay on you bed while your doctor is on his way, you niece and me will cook something for you — Mycroft let his head fall back. Food? — Yes, you have to feed. Is it possible that you didn't grow up a bit? Hey — Gregory holds the cold hand in his chest — Louise is imensily intelligent, she will understand.
When they step away, the detective inspector smiles, but Mycroft only stares at him, startled, slightly flushed. Lestrade likes those green eyes even though they are the same greens that gave him orders or asked for information about Sherlock. And, specially, Gregory likes the light red on the other's cheeks.
— Good afternoon, mister who I don't know — a short and very skinny woman passes through Gregory without even bothering about the gun and walks towards the kitchen — Oh, Mycroft.
The car stops and the woman who drives hoops out of it, Gregory holds my hand while we follow her, he does let go in any moment, holding me tight, the nice touch keeping me calm. I ignore the policeman around us, specially when I see the tall ginger man waiting for us in a room with glass walls. I wonder how he got there so fast. He has his arms crossed in his chest, umbrella being hold strongly, my uncle is so stressed his eyes doesn't even rise to us, fixed on an invisible point on the void, I'm unable to run towards him, all I want is to calm him down.
— I... — the rest of the grade seem to stop on his throat, he was as silly as mom used to say, I let myself open a smile — I'm also very satisfied of having you with me. — that's it. The best he could do. It was enough, I knew him.—  have pizza! Cheese.
Mycroft is with a annoying pain in his head, probably from when he was knocked out. His blazer is on the floor of the dark and simplistic place, sided by his pair of shoes. The cold in his fingers make him wonder what kind of method would be used on them.
— I used to read about them — I answer, putting some effort on keep up the talk. Gregory deserve that, really, he was a nice fellow, maybe he could be my uncle someday. I shake my head, it wasn't a time to form imaginary couples — How did you guys meet?
― In the moment? Shooting at the wall ― the strange voice sound very calm and yet very annoyed ― You would like to leave a message?
Mycroft swallows hard, he did not want help, he hated having to be helped, he was the British government for fucking sakes! But he gripped the inspector's hands hard to get to his feet, felling the soft pain, shivers going through his chest. Almost going back to the floor, feeling the pain and nausea overwhelm him, he holds himself in the other's hands, hating the touch, and yet wishing never being let go.
I believe my uncle's initial idea was putting me in a boarding school, were he doesn't need to educate me or bare my presence, but in my first year with him, when I couldn't say a word, that wasn't an option. So we had to live together, grown a relationship, until the moment he couldn't send me away anymore. I couldn't be more grateful for that, not just because boarding schools are a nightmare, but because I wouldn't survive without our relationship.
The twins hold expressions of disgust, and disguise it gently, smiling to Sabrina. The only one who keeps a closed and natural expression is Ian, this time his eyes are on me, heavy and full of meanings, I realize that he expects something from me, a will to deduce everything around me almost overwhelms my control, but I only look at Alice.
— You have any idea of what could happen? — he walks in and close the door, sitting on the bed, green eyes on me — Sit here. Come — shaking, I manage to sit beside him — Come on, tell me.
Mycroft put a finger on her lips, slight smile making all the blood look silly. The small hands went through the hurt face delicately erasing the tears.
I take my eyes off him and focus on Sabrina. We stare at each other for a fraction of a second and feel that if she had that power, I would be fulminated on the floor. But why? Instead of letting my eyes on her to deduce, what would probably put me in trouble, I turn my eyes and focus on the twins, who smile at me, the green eyes are gentle and the freckles make their smiles lovely.
I obey, involuntary shaking, reveling a very tall, tin and pale man, with angry blue eyes and curly dark hair. The sensation it's look through a window of time and space, it was a man from another time, with a few differences, the man on that days never would look at me so indifferent. My heart seems to fall from my chest.
― Are you ok? ― John asks while put his hand back in my shoulder, he is actually worried, watching, really caring about me. I almost smile, wanting to say he shouldn't be worried with me, but I can't, it was only for a day, less of a day, any harm would come from that, it was good having someone else caring for me. Well, besides uncle Myke, he worries about me, constantly. ― You are pale, Sherlock it's only worried, somebody tried to kidnap you.
In my room, after change clothes, I review my plan. Part of it's come up to be before I sleep in the day before, the other part I made almost without wanting, and it was perfect! My uncle's office would be empty and unlock the hole day, and his computer password was easy, well, it would be to me, I remember listen to her totally without wanting it, I could write it perfectly if I want to, maybe.
He knocks hard in the big door, while I try to keep my legs from running the other way. The class room was all made on wood, dust and old particles of time. All the students stand when see the general, who makes them sit again with a wave of the head. I can't let go the idea of dogs. Just like animal farm and the pig Napoleon
He agrees, shaking the head with a pensative expression, approving my answer, I allow myself a small smile. Uncle Mycroft gives me my favorite proud!face. So far nobody was angry, my new personal record.
John observes the wide park, the blood can still be seen closet by, the moviment is still small, people were avoiding the place. He can't even imagine how scary it was for Louise to go through a chace like that all alone. His eyes turn to the tall and very pale man jumping around the place, going up and down looking for god knows what, .
A black car stops beside us, the back door opening. Inside, with a beautiful and in a thigh black dress, was Anthea, blackberry in hands. I sit by her side and smile at her, she touches my hair, without saying a word asking me if everything was ok. I didn't know how to answer.
― Who? ― I ask instead, while he takes me inside showing me a very nice and clean kitchen, the smell of tea it's so delicious even though there isn't a ketle in the fire, the owner should be such a nice person, but there's no one inside.
— Louise — a little voice calls me when I'm putting my books on my backpack. Alice was right in front of me and, for a moment, I don't know how to hold a book anymore and almost let it fall on her. I. Am. The. Worst. — Sorry if I scared you.
— Very handsome, I'm fact — once again Seb gives the 'smile of Lucifer', full of past satisfaction, but it doesn't gives the same pleasure to his boss. He actually knew the man in the photo well, too well, once again, James ignores, or tries, the human feeling. — We serve together, we had a lot of fun that time — James understands exactly what he is talking about, and, unexpectedly, he imagines himself uppon the smilly man, with a knife, yes, he could cut his throat, for fun, not because of Sebastian, of course — You know him too, boss, in that mission you put me, against Neal Peters — the consultant criminal rise the dark eyes to the multilated face of the sniper — Exactly this one. Isn't interesting he is so... — he rise the picture, looking through the light, coming closer to James, letting him gets his strong smell of alcohol and wood — Calm. Closer to his ex who put him through hell?
