“I know you’re judging me,” Dean said. “You’re using your judgy tone. But he’s a fifteen year old nerd. Going to the library for him is like... It’s like...”
“Hold on,” said Dean towards the end of the play. The lead roles were standing very close to each other, caught in a heated duet. “Is this supposed to happen?” He asked when they kissed.
“We’re gonna find it.” He touched Castiel’s elbow for just a moment. “Sammy will guard the door. I’ll go there and mingle with your family, try to figure out who it is. You go upstairs and…” He pursed his lips. “Try to find any other bodies. It might be hiding them. I’m sorry,” he said. Castiel shook his head.
The figure stepped forward, and everyone else in the room stepped back. Someone threw a shoe at it, but it went straight through. Half the room stifled sounds of terror. The other half sighed in relief.
“You wanna dance?” He asked. In every possible sense, he did not want to dance. But he brought this on Cas and, for the very least, he owed him a decent evening.
“Oh, it’s gonna be fine,” he said. “Just need to find the time to fix it up. Hit a deer pretty hard. Come on.” The train arrived, and they took a seat.
Castiel cut the tape around Sam’s wrists with a knife, and put the knife in his hands. “Go,” he said and turned to Dean, who was grappling with the demon on the ground. She wiggled free of his hold and started getting up, but he yanked her foot and knocked her to the ground again.
“How is it already eight?” It sounded just a little bit forced. “You probably have other stuff to do.” He sat up with a grunt, stretching.
He scanned the deck for Dean’s idle figure, his heart starting up a rapid rhythm in his chest when he found him sitting on the ship’s prow with his legs dangling in the air, his arms stretched behind him and supporting his weight.
“Of course I said yes. I’ll figure out the details later. But I mean, I’ve been pretending to know the material for seven months already, so yeah, I’ll have to work twice as hard as anyone else, but at least I have a starting point.”
Dean glanced at him – like he was searching for Castiel’s approval before he spoke – and said, “Thanks, but we’re past the second grade.”
“It’s not Sam?” Castiel asked. He shook his head, and put the call on speaker. A woman’s voice answered:
He turned back to his brother, trying to recall what he was talking about. “The development of materials through history…” He frowned and touched a hand to his forehead. Other voices spoke over his and confused him.
Meg leaned against the tower of boxes and crossed her hands, talking quietly. Dean watched Cas’ shoulders tense and untense and move as they spoke. A few words carried over to him. He wished he couldn’t hear, and as he wished it, he leaned in inconspicuously to hear better.
“The first-hand bed,” Dean grinned. “And the walls might be colorless, but at least they’ve been dyed last in a year that we were already alive in.”
“The kind of ‘hey, I'm on a trip to the Bahamas and I suddenly have to protect my family from a KGB agent, lucky I have this blade right here',” said Dean.
Surrounding him and the sworded man were about two dozen people… if he could describe them as such. They were wearing tattered clothes and black tricorns, holding backswords and daggers, all looking at him with befuddlement that didn’t match their exterior appearance at all.
Dean was on the verge of getting nervous. The thing was, he was pretty good at playing it cool when inside he felt like jumping into a pool of mayonnaise and drowning in it. The other thing was that Cas had spent enough hundreds of hours with him to know his reactions inside out. So he could tell Dean wasn’t going to budge, and he could also tell Dean didn’t really mind his nagging. Maybe even hoped the nagging might just get to the point where he would give in to it.
He found a dark pantry behind the kitchens and entered it. In between shelves and shelves of supplies, he sat down and rested his pounding head on his knees. The only light in the room came from outside it, through the open door. Castiel closed his eyes and inhaled the smell of crisp bread and frying onions. His stomach turned. He wasn’t really hungry anymore.
“I just-” he started, when he heard steps outside his room. “I have to go,” he said as his sister opened the door.
“Um…” Dean could have literally named any movie, new or old, and he wouldn’t know the difference; that’s how caught up he was with anything pop culture. “Yes.”
Dean sat down on the floor beside Charlie, who waved Cas over and then got up and went to the bathroom as soon as he sat down beside her.
These days, it was neither. Apparently this intensity was now reserved for spontaneous realizations.
Today, something was different. For once, the advisers were all sitting in their chairs, quiet and solemn, as he walked in the door. Secondly, no one’s robe was red with wine stains, or missing due to wine consumption. They sat and watched John walk up to his chair and sit down. Then one of them cleared his throat, and spoke.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” said Dean. “By average amount I meant zero to one. And she definitely thinks I have a weird vibe.”
“I’m thinking,” he said. “Do I wanna go with embarrassing memories, or do I wanna uncover a dark secret… Hm.” Finally, he said: “Who are you closest to?”
“Where did you get that from?” He asked, but quickly realized it was a mistake, since her question was clearly based on selective observation. “We’re not,” he added.
“I’m feeling annoyed,” he countered. “That I’m put on the spot. Why don’t you put him on the spot for a moment, huh?”
Dean managed to fall asleep just fine on his shoulder – or if he didn’t, his acting was pretty darn convincing. Castiel stared at different dark spots in the room and tried to treasure the moment. He wondered when he would next spend a night at home.
Cas shrugged helplessly, the joke blowing right past him. “I don’t have preferences.” He looked at Dean almost apologetically, as if he needed to be sorry for this thing that was very private, even if people seemed to mistake it as being their own to criticize and make fun of.
, and the ride made an alright excuse to tell Dean. He could just say he went back home if… If any of them survived this night.
Gabriel stood up and started collecting random items from corners of the room – a shovel, salt, sheets. “You have to start with covering your tracks.”
Dean sighed as deep as he could, but it still didn't make him feel any lighter. "Then you're gonna be the one person who's on my side in this."
So, he supposed he would continue to know nothing about Dean’s past. That was alright. They weren’t even really friends. People didn’t get into his heart this easily; they had to earn it. And he felt that it was the same way for Dean, too.
The thing was, he didn’t want to give Cas just ‘good enough’. If good enough was all he was, all he was ever going to be, then this whole thing was pointless. They would try again – if Cas would want that. And they would break up again. And they would hurt again. And if they were lucky, they’d stay friends after this time around, too.
But as the week went on, everyone was getting accustomed to this new situation. He had his classes, and his friends, and things started to feel normal here. Garth and him made an arrangement that split the days between them using the desk in their room: he got Tuesdays and Thursdays and half of Monday.
Castiel tuned them out, chewing on green beans distractedly. He wondered what Dean was doing now, and whether his three-person home vacation was too awkward. One of the girls banged her fork on the table and proclaimed, “Hael!” – presumably the babysitter's name.
He would have to come up with a plan himself, a plan to handle the jiggly fake-human aliens, and most importantly, keep Dean away from the dance. Because he couldn’t live with any other option; and because he had a feeling Dean was kind of a deal breaker for these creatures. Keeping him away, for the least, might buy Castiel more time.
“Nothing. She just left. And after all that, guess what I found half an hour later.” He walked over to the Sci-Fi section and drew a book out of one of the shelves, seemingly at random.
“My end-of-the-night move?” Dean asked. “I kiss ‘er, then I say some variation of one of those things, and that’s it. You’re good to go.”
“You know, Dean’s a good guy,” he said. Dean kicked him under the table, but he continued. “He works as a teacher’s assistant at my old high school. That’s actually how we met.”
“You have the third-place highest grades in the class,” she said. “That’s an incredible achievement, Castiel. But can I give you a word of advice?”
Castiel's eyes were fixed on the ball, his stare following it leisurely along and across the field. Left, right. Up - down. His hands lay limply in his lap, keeping to himself, although no one was watching him. He didn’t want to look like he belonged in the big stadium, like he fit in with the rowdy crowd. More than that, he didn’t want to
did. And he didn’t. But Dean didn’t seem to be any kind of horrified by the implication; he just shook his head.
“Monsters do exist," he said, and took her little hand in his own. "And some of them are very scary. But there’s no reason to be afraid, because Dean and I will always be there to scare them away. Alright?”
Dean has been in Europe throughout the summer – he was across the sea. And… if he ever tried to snoop around and check whether Castiel felt anything towards him, Cas knew he didn’t find it. Because his feelings for Dean were left buried deep, deep inside the closet.
Dean rested his head against the wall and closed his eyes. “Well, that works for my benefit.” And he reached up a hand, but the guard was gone and Castiel pulled them forward.
Dean looked at him, furrowing his eyebrows with a confused smile, and checked his watch. “Okay.” He crossed the room and took Castiel’s hand. “Are you okay?”
“What did you wanna say?” Dean shouts behind him, but he sounds so distressed that Castiel doesn’t think to do anything but get them to the right platform.
And Claire knew. She knew about hunting, about monsters, about her biological parents – but she didn’t need to know about this. Not right away. Not right now.
Not that he cared. Dean or no Dean; potayto, potahto. He didn’t care about Dean – not anymore, not since the summer after senior year. Dean’s number was simply the only one he recognized on the field. It wasn’t like he was tracking him, trying to find him within the groups of ridiculous-looking American Footballers with their stupid costumes as they chased a flying egg-shaped ball. For all he cared, Dean’s team could be losing. Even worse: Dean could fall. He could hurt himself. He could fuck up his knee, like last-
He dropped his backpack on the floor and kicked his shoes off. His room had somehow managed to take the shape of a seventeen year old boy’s bedroom over the summer: posters of horror movies and of pretty actresses on the walls; clothes thrown on the floor; headphone and charger cords everywhere. No books.
That got him stumped. But he didn’t let himself look stumped. “These don’t look like the belongings of a dead person.”
“I really couldn’t be bothered to organize the shelves right now,” Dean grunted. He could tell Cas was trying to catch his eye, and looked at the register pointedly.
“That’s my name,” Cas said, somehow sounding even more suspicious after Dean’s clearly calming anxious-harassing-why-did-you speech.
“I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” said Garth. “Just what Meg said earlier about stealing you. I get it. I’ve got a girl myself. Bess.”
Bobby slid the door open and moved inside swiftly, Castiel close behind him. For a moment, they padded into the massive hall, prepared for a fight. The next moment, he saw Bobby’s shoulders slacken with relief, his gun hand dropping. When he moved forward to stand beside the older man, he saw why.
“Three and a half,” Meg said dryly. “Delivery truck is here.” She nodded at a truck that was turning around the corner outside. They both knew the look of it by heart; it brought them fresh pastries every morning from an actual bakery a few blocks away. “Go open the back door for them.”
“Is there anywhere you could leave your child while we talk?” She asked. “I’d like to have your full attention.”
But the bus stop wasn't so far away, and the cold really wasn't so bad, certainly not when Dean took his hands and rubbed them between his own to 'keep them warm'. The wall behind them was painted with some halfhearted graffiti, and there was a flyer taped to it.
“When we met your other neighbor she mentioned a guy called Benny, and you said, ‘I love that guy’.”
Dean looked at her silently for a long moment. Then he forced on a smile, nodded his head, stood up, and walked away.
He leans in and closes his eyes, and Castiel wraps an arm around his waist. And for the next few moments, all he can feel is the tips of Dean's fingers and the warmth taking over his chest. Everything else is just background noise.
“Yikes,” said Dean. “Though pretty known. Get in the game, man. Here: In ancient Greek, the word ‘idiot’ meant anyone who wasn't a politician. Today it's the opposite.”
Everyone around them seemed too rattled to listen in on their conversation. Jo cracked the door open and stepped out, pitchfork in hand. She came back in after several moments with a cut on her forehead.
Outside the great castle’s windows the sun was setting quick and vibrant, and Castiel couldn’t remember when exactly did he stop feeling his legs. Another princess came on, and he felt himself stand.
“Hey.” She sounded surprised. Castiel took a moment to vaguely wonder whether she’d gotten the impression he was screening people from people he was screening. “What’s up?”
“You know I’m going to have to get a room with someone,” Castiel said finally, glancing back to make sure Anna wasn't listening.
Regretting his moment of bravery the instant the words left his mouth, Dean reached for the door and went for his escape.
“You know, before you, I…” He started, and Castiel’s stomach twisted, but Dean dropped it all at once.
Dean stared at her blankly. He almost had it; he could feel it on the margins of his brain. If she could just give him a clue, like... like tell him her name, then he would
"Jumping on the bed until the springs pop out?" said Castiel. "Come on. We're grown ups. If the springs pop out, we can probably just skip a few dinners and buy a new bed."
Dean and Castiel examined the cave. Its height was about forty feet, and a number of crevices in the walls led to more tunnels. At the center stood a long cylinder of stone – some sort of an ancient totem, it seemed. It was almost as high as the ceiling, and as wide as an elephant. And at the top, barely visible from their low angle, was a big, wooden chest.
This was silly. He should shove the blade back into the drawer and pretend he never picked it up. But Dean’s words flooded the back of his brain:
“He wasn’t doing a very good job, then.” It came out plain mean. Dean had to bite himself to keep from smiling. He turned to the therapist.
“Hi, everyone!” It was a girl from the student council, April Kelly. She stood at the entrance with her hands behind her back, like she was hiding something there. “I want to introduce someone to you, so…” She moved farther into the classroom and glanced out the door.
Castiel leaned against a table that was behind him. “You’re right,” he shrugged and shoved his hands in his pockets. “What do I know? You should go for it.”
He watched the street and considered whether he should be honest. “He was just one of those people,” he said finally, and his tone was flat, a blank page, not giving away a thing.
Gordon’s fist crashed into his face again. The impact slammed the back of his head against the lockers.
He just wanted the idea of it to not be so absurd. He wanted to be able to say, ‘Hey, man, let’s go eat pizza and maybe watch a horror movie while everybody else is being tacky and gross and sharing a dessert at a fancy restaurant’, and to know Cas wasn’t going to laugh in his face when he said it. And all throughout thinking that, he tried to keep his face blank. Eyes closed, skin warming in the treacherous, cool rays of the winter sun, head in Cas’ lap, who was mumbling to himself while reading. No one would see them here, not in this hour of the afternoon, not from this distance in the deserted stadium.
“Oh,” he said when they stood at the threshold. “Bring her flowers. Flowers are always a nice touch.”
Cas hums. “No, I don’t think so. You’ve spent most of your life on the road. It makes sense that you would appreciate the steadiness and comfort of an actual home. That, and you’re a natural nester—it’s obviously important to your overall well-being and happiness to have that need to nest be met.” Cas strokes down Dean’s arm, finds his hand. “And even if we have more time and opportunity now to explore the world, we’re all still going to return here, Dean. And it’s okay to want that.”
“I d-don’t m-m-mean j-just that.” Dean puts his hand over Cas's hand where it’s resting on Dean’s hip, squeezing briefly. “Th-thanks for—y-you know, th-this.”
Cooking and having something to do with his hands calms Dean down despite himself. Of course the giant slug Dean's making breakfast for lacks the decency to set the table, so Dean does that himself—joke's on Sam though, because he
Dean and Sam exchange a quick look. Sam sighs, then turns to Jack. “Some people—actually, a lot of people—think that the homeless don’t deserve help, that it’s their fault for ending up on the street, even when they just happened to get too sick for work or be fired suddenly because the company they worked for had to shut down.”
“Dean… I know you feel that way right now, but none of what Michael did to you has ‘dirtied’ you in any way. I think you’re having trouble separating yourself from his actions and that makes you feel ashamed. This,” Cas gestures between the two of them, “is still very new. And combined with the bad experiences you recently had... It sounds like your body and mind are confused and don’t know what feels good or bad anymore. It’s understandable and I will never be mad at you for having an emotional reaction like this. Or for wanting, or not wanting, physical affection at any moment. You don’t need to hide this from me.”
sit-t-ting on your dick, Cas, quit a-a-acting like a virgin at prom ni-ni-night." Snatching Castiel's hands up, Dean plunges them under the water to rest on his belly where he intertwines their fingers.
The movie had long since ended, but Dean could hear Cas shift and pick something up, and then another western started, the volume on low. Right, it was probably boring for Cas to sit there with Dean draped over him asleep and drooling. No reason to think Cas remembered that Dean sometimes slept better with the TV in the background.
“I c-c-can’t. I t-t-t-tried b-but I c-c-can’t. R-r-r-read. It d-doesn’t w-w-work a-a-an-n-ny-m-more.”
“I think you should sleep some more, Dean,” Castiel says, straining to sound calm and keep from Dean how unnerving it is to see him like this.
“I think it’s a compliment,” Jack chimes in. He’s leaning against the barrister, wearing a baseball cap backwards and sipping on a juicebox. Dean gave him those, fussy and worried about sun exposure and dehydration. “On the plaque it says they’re very nurturing.”
"Not about the past," Castiel rushes to explain. "Not in the way you think. We were just… talking about happiness." Shifting his grip on Dean's hand, Castiel laces their fingers together. Rubs his thumb over Dean's ring. "About love."
"Sorry, I—" His shoulders up at his ears, his body tense all over, Dean licks his lips and fumbles for an excuse but none comes.
"It has been a lot," Cas agrees. It's such a Cas thing to say that under different circumstances it might have made Dean smile. Now, he can only manage a nod.
“Obviously I watched your butt the entire time while we climbed up here earlier,” Cas shoots back, not even trying to sound sincere. “I think I will survive being deprived of the view for a few hours.”
Maybe it’s the exhaustion combined with the fear, or maybe Dean’s just an overly emotional wreck of a human being, but instead of starting to talk, Dean starts to cry.
He returns a few minutes later, carrying a tray that he sets down on the bed. There are two bowls on it with curry rice and chicken. Dean glares at the untouched water in Castiel's hands, and then replaces it with one of the bowls.
“Well, if you’re not too busy with that, I would like to show you what I found earlier.” Before he can lose his nerve—though he still doesn’t understand why he’s even nervous in the first place—Castiel places his gift down in front of Dean on the mattress.
“Don’t get me wrong,” Jack says, like they’ve been having a conversation the entire time. Maybe they have. “Most of the time, I cherish being mostly human now. Castiel helped me see it for the gift it is, experiencing the world like you are. And I can’t thank him enough for that. But I still feel… regret. Guilt.” Jacks looks down at his hands, resting palms up on his thighs.. “My powers… they did bad things. They let
around the middle, but not too firm that it’d be uncomfortable resting against him, which Dean knows from experience is super nice because Cas is
Cas sighs and rolls his eyes but holds still while Dean settles against his chest and wiggles to get comfortable. Except he
His tone is sympathetic even though his words are somewhat chastising. Castiel deflates with a sigh. "I know. You're right, but I just—I want to help."
Dean can feel his pout trying to morph into a shy smile, his ears and cheeks hot all over again. Ducking his head, he picks up the dish towel again, needing something to occupy his nervous hands with. He starts fussing with the string thingy that's at the top of the towel to hang it up, unable to come up with anything to say.
"Gonna go get more beer," he mumbles, even though there's a cooler in the Cave and he hasn't even finished his first one. He just—he just needs a moment to get a grip.
He’s busy setting up a comfortable little nest for him and Cas inside their beach shelter to lounge in. They’ve got a cooler full of beer and an additional one filled to the brim with snacks. Dean even got Cas to wear a Hawaiin shirt to match his own.
smells clean and fresh. Dean spreads himself diagonally across the bed like a starfish and decides he’s never moving again ever.
His pout falling away, Dean shakes his head mutely and then tugs at Cas until he sits down beside Dean. Then Dean wraps himself around him in a hug and pushes his nose into the crook of his neck with a sigh.
He’s walked a few more paces and then gently but firmly guided to sit down. There’s still rushing in his ears, and the shaking gets worse again when he realizes that whoever was with him has left. It’s all he can do to hang on until they’re back.
Cas starts stroking down Dean’s back and they stay like that until the others stumble out of the mine. Sam comes over to them and Dean notices with relief that he doesn’t move like he’s injured, just tired.
Oh fuck no. Dean thinking Cas was rejecting his cookies hurt, but this praise thing might be worse. Cas is looking at Dean all fondly and almost awed, and it's super not okay.
From his periphery, he can see Sam nodding and leaving. Dean's shoulders slump and he scrubs his hands over his face, pinching the bridge of his nose.
He had cried a lot since getting back, either from relief or from pain, but nothing like he’d cried then, slumped forwards on his elbows with his hands pressed over his eyes, violent sobs shaking his whole frame, stealing his breath.
Cas just hums in reply and starts carding his fingers through Dean’s hair. It’s super unfair because Cas knows how much that soothes Dean and is using it to distract him. And Dean’s totally going to call him on it—after enjoying it for a minute. Maybe two.
“Stop snooping,” Castiel lectures sternly, even though, technically, little information can be gained from their text thread without listening to all the voice messages. And, well, he did ask her to check.
Not wasting his breath on swearing even though he hates that this is happening now when they're supposed to be having carefree family time, he quickly sinks to the floor. The sensor wristband is sitting securely on his arm, so the others should get an alert and a location on their phones in a few seconds. Dean manages to shove a dish towel under his head and then the world disappears and is replaced by painfully flashing lights.
That moment when he realized the curse on the object they’d been looking for was stronger than he thought, and Dean's frantic hands on him before everything went black. Jack's smile when he told him about the movie he wanted to watch. How Castiel feels so many things, and he sometimes still doesn't understand them.
Humming to himself, Dean gets all the stuff he needs out of the fridge and snatches the biggest casserole dish they have. Since they've been away for a week, Cas has stayed behind to clean up their room. Dean can't hover anymore, so they've divided their chores a little differently—Cas hovers and changes the sheets on their bed and Dean takes care of the laundry. In the kitchen, Dean cooks and the others take care of the dishes.
Cas makes to add something, then suddenly falters. He looks almost nervous when he says, “I thought it would be a waste of money to get two beds since I don't sleep, so. Our room just has one, um, bed.” He looks up at Dean, and he's definitely nervous when he peers into his eyes. “I hope that's okay?”
Putting Baby back in drive, Dean turns her around and points her home. He doesn’t bother putting any music on. Rain hits the windshield in waves, endless waves.
If this were the fucked up universe where Dean's life is a TV show, his stomach would growl right about now, just to prove Sam's point. It’s not, but maybe the only reason his stomach doesn't growl anyway is because Dean feels like he just got punched in it.
Dean takes his time, pressing kisses into each stretch of newly revealed skin, rewarded by the way Cas's hold on him tightens every time he finds a particularly sensitive spot. He’s forced to get out of Cas's lap when the friction from the clothing between them starts to border on painful. While Cas is busy getting his pants off, Dean uses the brief pause to dig the lube he keeps in there out of his bag. He’s so worked up already he almost drops the thing twice; his knees like jelly, mouth tingling, dick bobbing between his legs with each step.
Cas crouches down in front of the tub though, instructs Dean to hold still and close his eyes while he pours water over his head and then gently washes his hair. It’s like getting a head massage, and Dean moans with how good it feels. He slurs something that’s supposed to mean
Dean gasps awake. He sits up so fast he gets dizzy, pushes the covers away, far away. He shudders, pants, feels the phantom touches like a brand on his skin. His tee is sticking to his back with sweat. When he shifts, he realizes he’s half-hard.
Sam makes a choking noise. Dean swallows and looks at Cas only to discover he’s already looking at him. Heat rushes to his face and then they both look away quickly.
On automatic, Dean’s own arms came up to hug Sam back, asking, “W-w-what’s um, um-m-m, w-w-wrong-g-g?”
It's silent, and when Dean finally lifts his head, Cas is looking the way Sam left with a frown of annoyance.
Sitting cross-legged at the foot end of the bed, Jack is more awake. He's watching the show with a happy expression, the platypus pin attached to the front of his t-shirt glinting softly in the light of the TV.
“Dude, are you okay?” Sam is holding Dean’s bowl and is frowning down at it and then at him. “You weren’t at breakfast either. And this is still half-full.”
Sinking deeper into the pillows at his back, Castiel starts humming the melody from a song he’s heard on the radio recently. He can’t remember the lyrics and is likely not even getting the melody right, but Dean doesn’t seem to care. He shifts his head until it’s lying directly on Castiel’s chest and then sighs in contentment, enjoying the vibrations under his cheek.
“Can do more in the water than just get wet, Cas.” Dean waggles his eyebrows and Cas rolls his eyes.
“Rain ch-check?” He asks Cas, voice subdued with exhaustion, and they haven't even left the bunker yet.
after a bizarre case with a zombified boyfriend. He’d been very thorough and overall it was much easier than with Sam back in the day, since Jack doesn’t know shame or embarrassment when it comes to this stuff and is blunt to a fault. But it happened before he and Cas became a thing, and was driven mostly by Dean’s worry about Jack’s utter naivety on the subject. He still can’t believe that Sam, at
“Hey, Cas! Welcome back,” she says while signing one-handedly. “Are you and Jack ready for movie night, tonight?”
Cas makes an impatient noise when Dean checks in with him again before actually touching him, and then he groans in a way that goes straight to Dean’s own dick as Dean’s lube-slickened fingers close around him, giving a slow pull from base to tip. Dean leans back in Cas's lap so he’s pressed against Cas's raised knees, watching in something like rapture as Cas's dick hardens further from the agonizingly slow handjob Dean’s giving him, Cas's brow furrowed almost like in pain, chest rising and falling rapidly.
Dean’s fingers curl into the fabric of Castiel's shirt, and his warmth is Castiel's anchor through the night and long past dawn.
Dean forces some of it down, hands Cas the bottle back, and then slumps forward and rests his head on Cas's shoulder. Cas's arms come up to hold him, and Dean exhales shakily.
“Cas said they should be back by tonight,” Sam continues after a moment. “Please just—try, okay? I don’t… I don’t want to find you like this again if we can help it. Okay?”
Were they threatening Cas and Sammy? Dean wanted to move, but it was so hard. Why was it so hard? What had happened to him?
Now, after triumphantly placing the box of cereal in his cart, Castiel consults the shopping list again. It's written in Sam's neat handwriting and is so long that Castiel feels lost every time he looks at it. This would all be so much easier if Dean were here to help.
As soon as they’re in deep enough water to be able to swim, the tense lines on Dean’s face smooth out and his discomfort visibly gives way to joy. As always, seeing him happy makes Castiel feel deeply content. Letting Dean set the pace, he swims at his side, trying to take it all in. He’s been swimming with Dean in the bunker’s pool but the ocean had always been something that he’d admired from afar, never having had reason or opportunity to swim in it.
“Where’re the others?” Dean asks when Cas moves behind him to push his chair after Dean indicates he’s ready to move on.
“Sound-d-ded k-kinda n-n-nice actually,” Dean says, trying for light and joking and landing somewhere south of shy and insecure. He clams up, but he can feels Cas staring at him.
They play cards for the rest of the evening, until Castiel notices that Dean’s becoming more and more quiet. To give him an out, Castiel announces that when the current round is over he wants to go read his book.
There's Jack's book, Eileen's phone charger, Castiel's trenchcoat that he'd taken off earlier. Dean's C-Pen that really he should be keeping in their room so he doesn't have to go looking for it all the time. A half-empty bag of hot & spicy cheez-its that Eileen and Dean shared earlier, and a newspaper Sam had been reading.
Jack had mentioned wanting to learn when they got the pool running again, but then something else came up and they all forgot about it. Dean worried that lessons as a present would be dumb, but looking at Jack now, Castiel knows he made the right choice.
Dean grumbles unhappily but he does open his eyes. And then he almost swallows his tongue because Cas has taken off his coat and suit jacket and is in the middle of unbuttoning his shirt.
Oblivious at the tension, Jack beams at her and signs something without speaking. She looks delighted, laughing and signing something back. Cas is smiling at their antics, but he glances at Dean when Dean shuffles, overcome by frustration again. Longing for comfort and understanding, Dean almost physically aches with how much he wants Cas to rub his back or take his hand. Then he realizes how ridiculous and needy he’s being and tries to squash those thoughts the best he can.
"Yeah, c'mon man," Sam is saying, smiling encouragingly at Dean like he's some stubborn toddler. "There's tomato sauce and cheese on them, you won't even taste much else!"
There’s a fold-up camping table and some chairs in the corner of the garage that Dean carries over so they can work comfortably. Jack spreads his papers over the smooth white plastic surface and explains at which point he got stuck.
Dean keeps standing at the stove, twisting and twisting the dish towel in his hands. Finally, he throws it to the side and runs both hands over his face. This is okay. He's okay. He shouldn't have—
Cas huffs. “Of course.” The exasperation in his tone is belied by the hand that brushes the side of Dean’s face and then starts carding through his hair.
The stab of irrational disappointment is so sharp, Dean's appetite decides to curl up in a corner and die. He shoves his barely touched plate away from himself and scrubs a hand over his face.
“I’m gonna j-just—” He points a thumb behind himself, only realizing after the fact that the bathroom is on the other side of the room. And the goddamn blanket won’t get out of the way fast enough.
Castiel wisely does not point out that the snowman actually does kind of look like Sam. He hadn’t known Dean has such a talent for snowman crafting—even its eyebrows look exactly like Sam’s do when he disapproves of something. He wonders who helped Dean with the writing.
Cas sounds horrified at himself. Dean can’t let him think that way, so he forces himself to leave the shelter of Cas’s body and face him.
Exhausted from his feeble attempts at escape, Dean sunk back against the pillows with a grimace. Sammy clearly didn’t get it, so Dean tried to catch Cas’s eyes.
Some of his acquired inability to assign meaning to letters seems to extend to signs formed with hands, and so Dean’s been having a hard time with ASL. It does work better than his attempts with reading and writing, but he will probably never be fluent. Dean mostly learns while leaned back against Castiel’s chest with Castiel moving Dean’s hands, but they always have to stop after just two or three simple sentences.
Sam has stepped out of the cabin, frantically motioning at Cas to hurry it up. Scrambling for the door handle, Castiel steps back out into the snow.
They’ve been away from the bunker for four days, partly because it was a long drive, but also because they, as Dean would say it, took “the scenic route” back. As Eileen’s birthday is coming up soon, Jack wanted to look for a present for her, and Castiel was happy to indulge him. He even used the opportunity to do a little gift-shopping for someone else, the result of which he is now carrying in an inconspicuous looking paper bag.
Dean remains silent, but Castiel knows him well enough to understand that his stillness is merely a false front holding back a flood of emotion.
Taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly, Dean wrangles with his mouth and with the emotions the memory is dragging to the surface.
Sam leaves, and Castiel looks down at Dean who's still sleeping with his head pillowed on Castiel's chest. He's loath to wake him, but the last time Dean ate something is now almost 24 hours ago. It's not good for him to skip meals, especially with how much stress he's already under.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath. He shakes his head in an almost desperate way and then covers it protectively with both of his arms, hiding himself from sight.
“There w-w-were a c-couple k-k-kids my age. I coulda pl-l-layed with ‘em, b-but. I d-d-didn’t know how. Th-they w-w-were so c-c-carefree. I didn’t know h-how t-t-to beh-h-have. So I h-h-hung with the oth-ther parents b-but when they l-l-looked at m-me, they saw a k-k-kid. It w-was awkw-w-ward as
Dean finally moves his cheek away from the wet spot then smashes it into Cas's chest again with a content sigh. Cas shifts like he’s putting away his phone and then a hand starts stroking Dean’s upper back between his shoulder blades, instantly turning him into goo again.
Carefully, Castiel sets the finished card on top of Dean’s present for Jack—swim trunks, with sharks on them of course, already wrapped in simple navy blue wrapping paper.
“We gotta t-t-talk about th-this f-f-first, I d-d-don’t even know if th-there’s stuff you d-d-don’t l-l-like.”
It had taken Dean a moment to even understand what Chuck was talking about but then he wanted to punch him in the face all over again.
When he can breathe again, he shakily tears a piece off the sandwich. Stuffs the piece into his mouth, and it pushes down the sob that was caught there. Then he tears off the next piece, and the next, until the plate is empty.
When he woke up, it was to something soft and comfortably heavy being draped over his back and legs—the blanket he’d put nearby and then forgot about. His cheek felt wet and he realized he must have drooled onto Cas’s shoulder a little. Icky! But Cas hadn’t moved, so maybe he didn’t mind that much? Dean was too drowsy to puzzle that out, much less to open his eyes just yet. And then—then!—Cas put his arm around him. Held him. Safe and secure, keeping Dean close.
Rubbing a hand down Dean’s arm, Castiel presses a kiss into his hair. “Or,” he offers, dragging the other chair close to sit down beside Dean, “You could let me help you.”
Sam and Cas were frowning at him, obviously struggling to understand his disrupted speech, and now they exchanged a look of pure confusion.
Sam shoves Dean's empty plate back to him and digs in happily. Dean only barely stops himself from rolling his eyes,
It feels kind of unfair to Sam, for Dean to be sitting here rubbing elbows with Cas when Eileen’s just left. Not that Dean doesn’t think she’ll be back—the girl’s tough as nails. It sucks, though. Dean likes her, and she makes Sam happy.
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas looks concerned and sad. Dean wants to offer him a reassuring smile, but it slips off his face before it’s even fully formed.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Dean,” he starts, in that tone that's a blend of frustration and exasperation, so Dean gives him his best pleading look. Cas squints at him, but then he moves his other hand to Dean's cheek, leans forward and—pecks Dean's temple. And then the fucker has the gall to smirk at Dean all smugly, while Dean pouts.
Instead, Dean's at first loose hold on him becomes clinging. Castiel can hear him swallow compulsively several times, can feel his chin wobble. The fabric over his chest starts to become wet.
He doesn't feel like watching anything, but the TV is there and it's already on, so he finally gives in and switches to the program he thinks will irritate him the least.
While Dean undresses, Castiel fills the tub up the rest of the way, steam wafting up into the air. Dean sinks into the water with a groan of contentment, and then reaches up and starts tugging insistently on Castiel's pant leg.
When he’s sure the action won’t wake Dean, he carefully repositions him so that he’s lying down on the mattress and Castiel can continue his translation work. Dean immediately curls into his warmth, pushing his forehead against Castiel’s hip. To keep in contact, Castiel rests his left hand on Dean’s back between his shoulder blades.
Dean huffs where he’s pressed his face against Castiel’s neck, seeking refuge, but he nods. Letting go and drawing back from the embrace, he quickly wipes a hand over his eyes and blinks against the sunlight.
Burying his fingers in the back of Cas’s coat, Dean feels his own eyes grow wet at the waver in Cas’s voice.
Cas hums, like he has to actually think about the answer. “There weren’t any witnesses, so I’m not sure it counts,” he says, and wow, leave it to Cas to tease Dean in a moment like this.
Apparently Dean's fresh out of both dignity and decency though, because the first thing he does after throwing on his robe is go and look for Cas.
Dean pouts even while he scoots to the side so Cas can sit with his back against the headboard. “No,” he grouses, “And stop throwing-g-g b-b-big w-w-words around, ‘m too t-t-tired for th-that.”
Sam must have ordered take-out because he’s carrying several big plastic bags. Dean can smell pad thai and his mouth waters. Moments later a container is plopped into his lap and then he’s not interested in anything except getting the food inside him as fast as he can.
Cas looks at him so fondly then it makes Dean blush and quickly change the subject. “How’s the kid d-doin’? You find out what’s b-b-been bugging him?”
side like glue, but he knows there’s no fighting Cas on this, and Dean was the one who promised to stay close. He’s just going to have to watch Sam’s back while Cas watches his.
Grabbing his oven mitts, Dean puts the tray in the pre-heated oven. The heat makes his cheeks flush, warms his hands and his chest.
“I think I’ve had my fair share of prolonged contact with water over the last couple days,” Cas replies. He puts a stack of towels beside the tub and then sits on the ledge, looking down at Dean.
"It's okay," Castiel repeats, determined to help and yet helpless. Dean's self-loathing sometimes still seems like an insurmountable enemy. Castiel kisses Dean’s hair, holds him. "I'm here."
Dean wants to smile and laugh, because Cas is repeating his own words back at him, and they mean so,
Castiel means to go check on Dean in a bit, but gets swept up in conversation. Suddenly, an hour has passed and everyone's getting ready to leave as they still have to drive home and it's a work day tomorrow, at least for some.
The hide-behind has one of their knives stuck in its left leg. The injury barely seems to slow it down, but it finally is no match for Cas's fury. Angel blade buried to the hilt in its chest, it goes down in a heap and with an ugly sound like nails on cardboard, making everyone except Cas and Eileen wince and belatedly cover their ears.
The kiss gentles quickly after the initial rush and then merges into a second even softer one. Dean's lips are a little cold but the inside of his mouth is warm and tastes like s'mores. There’s a lovely pink blush on Dean's cheeks when he draws back from their kiss, and his smile is somehow smug and shy at the same time. It falters a little with whatever Castiel’s face is doing.
For a drawn-out moment, nothing happens. Dean tries to keep an eye on all three of the mine shafts and the surrounding area, and with every passing minute he grows more tense. He’s starting to think that the thing either isn’t rising to their bait or it’s not a hide-behind at all, when he becomes aware of movement in the corner of his vision. He focuses on the shaft that’s on the very left, narrowing his eyes, and a shiver races down his spine.
Dean didn’t even mean to yell, didn’t mean to say anything at all, but now he’s yelling. Everyone flinches, probably because he’s barely said anything all night and now he’s biting their heads off. They’re staring at Dean like Dean’s punched them in the face. Instantly, Dean’s body and mind do a 180 and his boiling anger turns into horror at himself.
How often has Dean looked at him like that and Castiel either didn’t notice or didn’t understand? He had been so sure that Dean didn’t return his feelings, it had never occurred to him what Dean was trying to tell him without words.
"Soo—that means the ones with the Scooby boxers are fair game? And the ones with the Stetson and the
“It still hu-hu-hu-hurts.” Dean complains, not even having to try very hard to sound as pathetic as possible. It
Jack looks excited at the idea, but he’s quiet while they walk, a troubled frown on his face. It lifts only slightly when the water comes into view.
Dean just nods and then winces, because even that little movement was too much. Fucking fantastic. He grins wryly. “L-l-looks l-l-like you're in l-l-luck and get to d-d-drive tomor-r-r—” He blocks on the last word, throat muscles spasming, and doesn't bother finishing it.
“I don’t want an apology from you, Dean. Look, I know you didn’t do it on purpose. That’s not—” Sam cuts himself off, takes an audible breath. “I need you,” he continues, putting force behind each word, “to take better care of yourself.”
Still perched on Cas's illegally thick thighs, Dean scoots forward to press his growing bulge against Cas's crotch, making both of them gasp.
“Alright.” Putting his arms around Dean, he starts stroking one hand slowly up and down Dean’s spine. Pushing his sleep mask over his eyes, Dean somehow manages to plaster himself even closer to him.
It was a good thing Sam had already put the mug down at that point, because he looked so startled he probably would have dropped it. Dean himself had been so taken aback at hearing his own voice, raspy and stuttery as it was, it took him a moment to realize Sam was hugging him, face pressed into Dean’s neck and wet with tears.
The reminder does its job and makes Cas huff in amusement, eyes crinkling at the corners and making Dean feel warm inside.
Castiel is pretty sure Sam is just humoring him at this point, but he’s grateful nonetheless. They end up watching some kind of documentary. Castiel doesn’t know what it’s about, too weary and distracted to pay attention. The images and sounds of nature are soothing, but the sight of Dean’s unshed tears has left Castiel restless and sad.
“It doesn’t matter to us what you can and can’t do,” he said. “We’re still gonna want you here and we’re still going to be there. Okay?”
“I checked for EMF, but, well… places we live, safe to say lots of people have died there. Then there’s the lack of bodies, never heard of a ghost doing that. Thought about demons next, though usually they don’t take care to hide the bodies either. Hid some devils traps all around our camp, put up sigils. Didn’t do any good. Friend of mine was gone the next day. I’d known her for five years.”
When Dean returns with a fresh load of laundry in his arms, he only quirks an eyebrow at the Antiques RoadShow marathon that’s playing, and then immerses himself in household chores again. After putting the laundry away, he leaves their room again only to appear seemingly out of nowhere the moment Castiel tries to get up.
The contact is brief but so good; also terrible, and insufficient. Ducking his head,  Dean starts to moodily stab at his eggs.
“Dean,” Cas is saying, urgently. The gentle touch on Dean’s shoulder has turned into a more of a light shake. Dean blinks, realizing he’d completely spaced out. “I think you just fell asleep with your eyes open.”
“Sor-r-ry.” Dean makes a pained noise. He seems to try and gesture at his head with his free hand but the movement is so uncoordinated he mostly just succeeds in smacking it against the pillow behind him.
People are touching him and he doesn't want them to but for some reason he’s really weak—he tries to bat them away but his limbs barely move.
There’s a handful of people inside, most of them hugging their coffees and barely glancing at the two of them. A tall black woman sits alone in a booth near the exit, and though she doesn’t look much older than Dean, there’s a tired wariness around her that Dean knows all too well. When she spots them, she waves them over.
“Could-d-d start with bl-l-lowin’ out those ca-ca-candles before they melt the cake,” Dean suggests from somewhere behind them, gruffly. It surprises a laugh out of Jack, and brings the smile back to his face.
Five more feet, the shaft widens slightly, and the light hits a pile of something that makes Dean stop dead in his tracks, holding up a hand to stop the others. It’s not debris, and it’s not bones either. It looks like a disgusting mix of everything the bastards couldn’t digest: clothes, hair, finger nails, a few belongings like phones and jewelry.
The bed creaks a little underneath Castiel when he turns over onto his stomach so he can type and look at the screen more comfortably. Dean makes a soft noise in his sleep, shifting a little.
He's just managed to obtain fresh milk while standing next to a man with an incredibly historically inaccurate replica of a samurai sword strapped to his back and whose body odor likely would have made Castiel nauseous if he was human. Suddenly, the obnoxiously happy Christmas music blaring through the speakers is interrupted by a weary voice announcing, "Mr. Cas Winchester, your husband is at register six."
“‘S ab-b-bout a-a-as much as I got th-th-the last four days comb-b-bined,” he argues. He still looks like he needs more rest, but he’s smiling and there’s more light behind his eyes.
Watching his expression shift towards frustration, Castiel decides to give Dean the out he needs. He squeezes his shoulder, “It was a long day. We should get some rest.”
“The tallest, fastest roller coaster of San Diego, with an upside down view of Mission Bay! It sounds like fun!”
“It’s damage done by an Archangel’s Grace,” Cas would explain, his voice a blend of frustration and grief, “By trauma. I can’t heal that. It will heal by itself, with time, or it won’t.”
In an instant, the pain was gone, and Dean had nodded his thanks at Cas. He’d still felt like crap, but when didn’t he?
Over the course of the night, Castiel doesn't quite sleep, but he definitely isn't awake most of the time either. He notices when Dean gets up to use the bathroom, and when he tucks himself closer again after having shifted away in his sleep. When Dean gets restless with bad dreams, Castiel wakes enough to stroke over Dean's chest until he calms again, and then he dozes off like that, his hand being lifted up and down in time with Dean's slow breaths.
Castiel thinks the grate looks quite finished already, but Dean sounds deeply unhappy and frustrated. He's stopped scrubbing and is blinking at the dirty water in the sink like he's not quite sure anymore what he's even doing.
He’s being stupid, he knows, but just those small actions have Dean calm down again. It feels more private with the door closed, and with both of them sitting down it’s like they’re on more even ground.
Sam's already snoring again when Dean sneaks back in. It helps his head a little to shut off the light, but that also means he's alone in the dark while in pain.
Sometimes Eileen or Jack will wander in and help out while Dean cooks—not because Dean needs it but just for fun. It’s nice and Dean likes teaching Jack the basics of cooking, but he likes this too, just being on his own and zoning out while his hands are busy.
He wishes they had a stereo system in the kitchen, and a little bit of luck, because then some slow-dancing song would start playing just now, and they could sway a little, and maybe kiss a little, and—
sleep, and that means nightmares and insomnia, he knows. It means being unaware, and unable to watch over anyone else.
“All I’m seeing here are like, get well wishes. Is this, um. About Mom?” Sam sounded like he was treading carefully, worried about setting Dean off again. “I know it hurt you when she left again with Bobby. But you’ve got like six messages and a voice mail from her. She—”
Somehow, Dean manages to burrow even deeper into him. It takes a while, but he finally cries himself to sleep, his breath deepening and his body going lax in Castiel's hold.
He swallows his mouthful and grumbles. “You g-guys suck.” Then he demonstratively stuffs his face again.
Castiel lets him have a few more moments of pretense while everyone else laughs and jokes joyfully. But when he sees Dean grip the edge of the counter to steady himself, he knows it's time.
Cas still has that deer caught in the headlights look about him, and judging from how hot his face feels, Dean isn't faring much better. Which is just ridiculous. How can they possibly be shy around each other? Cas sits in Dean's bed all the time when they watch movies or while Dean falls asleep beside him. And still, Dean's heart speeds up stupidly at the thought of sharing a room and a bed with Cas, like he's some virginal 18th century heroine in some hackneyed romance novel. It's more kinds of stupid than Dean can shake a stick at.
Dean’s missed Baby like fuck during the time he was recovering, and being behind her wheel is usually where he feels the most at peace, but now he shifts in his seat in discomfort. His back is complaining about how tense he is and his stomach is grumbling about how little breakfast he fed it. Dean scowls at the road, and then at Sam. Sam is either oblivious or ignoring him, so Dean scowls at the road again. They need to talk, but it's not going to get resolved that easy, and if he starts now, it might mess up the case.
Sam and Cas were hovering over him. Dean tried to say that he was okay and sent himself coughing instead. Carefully, Sam helped him sit up. Cas came to stand in front of him and Dean caught sight of the syringe, almost filled to the brim with swirling, glowing grace. The sight made Dean shiver. This had been inside of him the entire time, doing fuck knows what.
His body feels like it got run over by a truck, even though all that happened was that he got knocked out by a leviathan and then got punched in the face by God. That’s no biggie, comparatively. He can deal with that, but not with the way it feels inside—like he ripped something open, and it's still bleeding and won't stop.
Dean must have decided that he feels lonely, because he tugs at the back of Castiel’s shirt insistently. Acquiescing to his demands, Castiel lies down only to immediately have Dean make himself at home with his head on Castiel’s chest and an arm slung around his waist.
At that, Dean looks up and shakes his head. "Cas, it j-j-just is what it is. You c-c-can't come running-g-g ev-v-very time I so m-m-much as sneeze."
It’s exactly what Dean didn’t even know he needed to hear, which is why he can only stare at Cas mutely. Cas is not mad? Even though Dean lied? Even though he's a mess?
The guitar case they’d chosen was made of hazelnut colored leather, with ornaments on the sides that reminded Castiel of the ones on Dean’s gun. Dean had smoothed a hand over it almost as if in a daze, then carefully opened it only to stare in disbelief at the guitar inside.
"I, um." He still doesn't know what to say, so he gently takes Dean's hand in his, reaches inside the satchel and puts one of the rings inside on Dean’s finger. The second, slightly wider ring, he places on Dean's palm. And then he lets go off his hand and draws back.
“Then ‘bout three months ago we started hearing about people just up and disappearing. First just every three to four days, now almost every night. People are freaking out. Most of ‘em can’t just leave town, though. We got lots of disabled folks on the street, mentally ill. They can’t just go somewhere else, they’re dependant on the services here, what little there are. And we’re a family—they leave, they’re alone again.”
They’re both smiling too wide to really kiss but they do anyway, until finally Cas draws back and strokes a thumb down Dean’s cheek.
Castiel is tired and was almost dozing, but now he feels wide awake as Sam’s words fill him with confusion and alarm.
Desperately, Dean tries to crawl away from the edge, but it's too late. His control over his limbs is slipping away as they start to shake violently. The world tilts on its axis. For just a second, he's in free fall, and then icy cold water envelopes him and floods his mouth and takes his breath and freezes his heart.
Dean squeezes his hand and then tucks himself into his side. Running a hand through Dean’s messy hair, Castiel asks, “Do you want to bathe before we leave for dinner?”
Dean makes a show of complaining about his back and then stretching out on his belly to Cas's left. Cas, because he's a dumbass, doesn't get the hint. After several seconds of lying there while Cas ignores Dean's suffering and Dean in general, Dean finally has enough. He grabs Cas's left hand, puts it on his back, and then lies down again with his face turned away.
Taking stock, he can admit that he does feel tired in more than a physical way. It’s hard to miss, really, with the way his speech will immediately get worse when he’s agitated, distressed, or exhausted.
Sam nods without looking at Dean, but the tension he's holding only seems to coil tighter. Dean sighs and moves to sit up against the headboard, arranging the pillows at his back.
“Okay, f-f-first of, n-n-none of your business. S-s-second of all, news f-f-flash, somet-t-times people l-l-like to take it s-s-slow.” Dean has to swallow and force in a deep breath, because now he's agitated on top of tired, and that means he’s a hair’s breadth away from blocking on every third word. Sam at the very least has the decency not to interrupt him while he struggles with his mouth. “Stop m-m-making th-this about m-me. We were just talking-g-g ab-bout
Wordlessly, Dean nods. After kicking off his boots, he settles down on the bed on his side, an arm thrown over his face.
Endeared by how passionate Dean’s response to his story is, Castiel goes back to stroking a hand up and down his side, finding himself smiling softly.
Cal nods, "Right. Anyway, thanks again. I'm just gonna—" He motions at his truck, not looking at Dean at all anymore. He gets behind the wheel, gives Dean an awkward thumbs up when the engine starts, and drives off.
Jack accepts both and then looks at Dean like he did when he got his lopsided birthday cake. “Thank you, Dean.”
It’s hard to keep being annoyed when Cas rests his hand on Dean’s back and lets it stay there, thumb rubbing slow circles. Dean’s very grateful in that moment that signing can be done with one hand, because the simple weight and warmth of Cas's touch sends an instant wave of comfort through him.
Castiel only just manages to heave him up a little and grab the bucket before Dean's throwing up into it. Dean had felt less nauseous while in the bathroom, so Castiel had hoped it wouldn’t come to this.
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand again. “Of course.” He moves to standing and Dean is ready to start moping because why wait with that until Cas is gone, and then Cas leans towards him once more and presses a kiss against his forehead.
His gift is still hidden in a drawer beside the door. Maybe he should wait until Dean's gotten some rest to give it to him, especially with how strangely Dean had reacted earlier. But then again, they finally have some privacy now, and Castiel would rather not wait too long and risk Dean or Jack finding it by accident tomorrow.
Unable to stand it, Dean’s fingers will curl into the sheets and his heart will race and his throat will feel like there’s a scream lodged in it. Not even his old trick with the hot water bottle can lull his body into believing it's not alone. It’s not working anymore, not since his body got a taste of the real deal. Not since he’s been hugged and kissed and his hand has been held.
And though it didn’t happen at once, something about it changed Dean’s outlook on his situation. So when they neutralized Chuck, and the seizures were still there, he found that the anger and bitterness that he’d expected just didn’t come. Dean had everything he’d ever wanted and never thought he could get—Sam had Eileen, Dean had Cas, and they had Jack, and they were free. He was grateful for so much. Everything else, he figured, would just sort itself out. They could finally have peace.
The motions of Dean’s fingers are slowing down as he’s falling back asleep. Maybe Dean will be cross with him later, but right now Castiel is glad that Dean is in no position to notice his meltdown. It gives him time to sort through the various emotions, to just feel them for a while until he has to think about how to share them with Dean without causing him guilt in some way.
On the way to the infirmary, Sam had only told Castiel not to worry if Dean seemed a little in and out. Now, a part of Castiel wants to be irked that Sam wasn’t upfront about what exactly that meant. But Sam means well, he knows that. Sam’s trying to take care of both of them, to keep them from worrying too much.
Cas is rummaging through what looks like Dean’s backpack, then presses a bottle into Dean’s hand. “Drink this.” It’s juice, and it’s
“Okay.” Dean swallows and licks his lips. “You know I’ll h-h-have y-you no matter w-w-what, r-r-right?”
Dean nods into Cas’s side. He was super smart and brushed his teeth before getting into bed, so now all he has to do is roll over once and turn off his bedside lamp.
“I think we should head back to the motel soon, get something to eat and compare what we’ve found out.”
He turns to Dean and folds him into his arms, holding on tight, and Dean is helpless to do anything but grip him back, heart pounding, his knees weak for reasons entirely unrelated to the gruesome climb up the hill they’re standing on.
Pretending not to know, Dean asks, "Sam up?" Or more like squeaks, because his voice is a traitor apparently.
When he'd started talking, Dean had lifted his hand a little to glare at Cas defiantly. It wasn't very impressive with his eyes drawing moisture even in the dim lighting. Dean holds the glare for a moment but then his expression softens.
She and Castiel sit down with Maggie and Jack to help them finish the stars, of which they seem to have baked enough that Castiel is not sure where they will store them all so they’ll keep.
Dean stares at the two empty plates. Sam’s been tense and skittish and irritable lately. It doesn’t even help that Dean knows why, because he’s not sure how to fix it. If Sam was even honest about what’s wrong.
“Would it be alright if I went with you?” Cas is asking Eileen. “It’s not because we think you can’t handle it. Dean is just worried and thinks you could use the company.”
Since he’s alone now, he can’t go in, so he contends himself with sitting down at the edge and watching the water. He just needs to calm down a little, then he can go sleep.
The blanket that Dean had wrapped around himself in addition to the thick coat he’s wearing has slipped off his shoulders a little. “It’s a beautiful night,” Castiel answers, fussing with the blanket and tucking it back in place.
With a frown, Cas looks up at the speakers, but the voice offers no further explanation. Maybe Dean is trying to mess with him? He still isn’t back.
Cas nods, and then suddenly he’s leaning forward, pressing a quick peck to Dean’s mouth that’s pretty chaste but still leaves them both breathless and wide-eyed. They’ve never done this in public before. It’s a first, but Dean still feels a little ridiculous with how fast it’s got his heart pounding.
Dean doesn’t know when it happened, but his hands are now over Cas's hands on his face, keeping them from pulling away, even though Cas is making no move to do so.
More people, and then the yelling gradually got quieter like the ones doing it were being dragged away. Dean blinked at it all in utter confusion, and then suddenly Cas was blocking his view.
A day and a half later, Dean’s moved from the infirmary back into their room. Castiel too is at a hundred percent again, or at least as hundred percent as his grace gets these days. Jack’s birthday is tomorrow, and they’re all busy with making preparations while also making sure that Jack won’t suspect anything. It is a surprise party, after all.
Molly shoots him a curious look when she hears him talk, but then seems to take that in stride too, for which Dean is grateful. Jack takes out his notepad and pen to take notes in Dean’s stead while she talks.
“Yes ma'am,” Dean replies with a long-suffering sigh. Damn rabbit food, but one doesn’t just say no to Martha.
That gets Dean moving. When he’s got his shirt on, Castiel helps him back into the beach wheelchair so they can disassemble and fold up the shelter. When they’re ready, Castiel gives Jack a bottle of water from their cooler, and then Dean too.
“D-d-don’t say it,” Dean grouses, lifting his hand just enough to watch as Castiel sits down on the edge of the bed. “I don’t w-w-wanna hear it.” Dean does take his hand though when Castiel offers it, and clings tight.
Drawing back from where he’s been leaving little nibbling kisses down the line of Cas's throat, Dean forces himself to concentrate for a moment.
Frozen with his ‘forbidden’ treats in his hands, Jack stares at Dean wide-eyed like a baby deer in the headlights.
Dean sounds defeated, and it hurts to hear. More encouragement would only lead him to bristle though, so Castiel forces himself to focus on the task before them.
Cas hasn’t, but Dean listens to him vent about their frustrating situation, trying his best to be supportive. He gets so wrapped up in their little bubble, it’s jarring when suddenly Sam is in the kitchen. Sam’s sweaty and smells like a wet dog. Dean complains, and Sam ignores him in favor of chugging a huge glass of water and then poking at the egg whites and humming in approval.
Using the opportunity to get ready himself, Castiel strips out of his clothes until he’s only in underwear and then puts on one of the soft t-shirts they brought with them from home. Dean is very picky about which fabrics are the most comfortable for prolonged cuddling. Also, he has admitted that he enjoys when Castiel wears something at night that smells like their fabric softener because it gives him a sense of security and comfort, especially when they're on the road.
With the mirror fogged up, his reflection is nothing but a flesh colored smudge. He dresses in layers, and his layers dress in layers too.
“I c-c-can’t—” He clammed up again, flinching away from the sound of his own voice. Cas squeezed his shoulder in silent encouragement.
"Nah, just, uh. Didn't sleep well." Dean chugs some coffee for confidence and then chances a look at Cas.
“I c-c-can’t handle the st-st-stress a-a-anym-m-more. I j-just c-c-can’t. I’m not s-s-sayin’ no h-h-hunting a-a-at al-l-l, b-but. N-n-nothing b-big. More d-d-downt-t-time. I m-mean we g-g-got a whole n-n-netw-w-work now. A-a-and I know S-S-Sammy is w-w-way h-h-happier handling-g-g th-that a-a-nd our arch-ch-chives than b-b-bein’ out in the f-f-field. I h-h-haven’t a-a-asked him yet, b-but I think he’d b-be good w-w-with it.”
They get two doubles, rooms 19 and 25, because there aren't any family rooms left. Dean's about to call dibs on bunking with Cas when he hesitates. While Sam is busy filling out their very much fake information, Dean walks over to where Jack is studying the pamphlets that are laid out next to the counter.
“He’s like a hamster,” Eileen is saying with a grin, cupping her hands at the sides of her face to mime hamster pouches.
Nothing gets Dean’s mind calmer and lets him forget about crap like getting his hands busy. He takes sips from his thermos every time he starts to feel overly tired, but otherwise keeps going until there’s a hesitant knock on the roof of the car.
Cas rips his blade free, then wipes it clean on the hide-behind’s fur. He’s breathing hard and there’s dust smudged up his pants legs, but that’s it. Everyone else looks a lot more roughened up, though nothing that requires immediate attention. Dean’s leg is bleeding sluggishly where he cut it on a rock going down, the claw marks on his chest burn and his ribs are definitely bruised, but it’s not so bad that he can’t fight, so he decides he’s good to go.
By the time Dean parks in the garage, it’s almost 3 in the morning. If Sam was waiting up and tracking Dean’s phone, he’d be here already, so that means he must have gone to bed at some point.
Dean swished the rest of his hot chocolate around in his mug, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. “It’s your home too, dummy.” How many more times did he have to say this? Also Cas wouldn’t need to miss doing stuff like this if he just left less!
Kids are the worst. Dean stomps the rest of the way to the car, scowling at everyone and everything in an attempt to regain at least a little bit of dignity. All the while, his traitor brain whispers to him that, seriously, what could Jack have said that would have been better? Best friend wouldn’t have been a lie exactly, but that’s not all they are anymore. Boyfriend is something for teenagers and the mere idea of calling Cas that makes Dean cringe. Partner is close, but it sounds too casual. Lots of people are partners in some way and don’t kiss. Significant other sounds clinical and stupid.
Being apart from Cas feels wrong. Every time Dean even so much as thinks about inevitably having to leave their little sanctuary in the kitchen, anxiety speeds up his heart and chokes his throat.
“Yeah, g-g-g-gimme a sec.” Dean's about to get up when Cas puts a hand on his chest and pushes him back down on the bed again.
It's super nice being a shapeless blob. Dean doesn't have to do anything but lie there with his eyes closed, floating in some near-sleep state while Cas's hands ease the last of the pain and tension out of his back and shoulders. Dean vows to himself not to actually fall asleep though, because he doesn't want to miss a second of this. And it totally works, except suddenly there's a loud snore that jerks him into alertness.
Dean huffed a laugh and rolled his eyes, all the while trying to pretend his skin wasn’t still tingling where Cas had touched him. “Smartass.”
"Hey, what's up?" Dean hasn't seen much of Cas—he's still busy with whatever super secret thing he and Jack are up to in heaven. Cas has sworn that they'll return once they're done, and Dean still doesn't like it but at least it has made this whole thing—the hiding—easier.
"I am. I…" Absently drying the plate, Castiel lets his gaze wander over the kitchen and all the signs of domesticity there.
While Castiel decorates a star with sprinkles, he sneaks a glance at Dean, watching how he moves. Dean is keeping his back to the rest of them, his shoulders are stiff while he washes the bowls at the sink and his hands are visibly shaking.
How could Castiel ever deny him when Dean looks at him with big pleading eyes and beckons him close with warm, open arms?
Dean gets his shark swim trunks while Cas chooses plain black ones, and he thinks he’s going to be completely content just lying around in the dappled shade with Cas at his side and a couple of colds ones. He’s bubbly and stupid with being in love though, so the moment they find a quiet spot and he gets a good look at the ocean, he hears himself say, “Hey, C-Cas?
sought Dean out more since—well, since. Dean had assumed that Jack did it out of misplaced guilt, but this feels like it’s about something else.
"Dean… I'm sorry I left when I said I would wait. I didn't mean to distress you or make you worry." The regret in his voice is genuine, and Dean must hear it too, because to Castiel's surprise he rolls over to face him, though his eyes are still guarded.
Dean gives Cas directions and then they hang up. About fifteen minutes later, Eileen and Cas arrive, both looking worse for wear. Eileen is wearing a suit but has taken her jacket off and is using a pamphlet to fan herself. Dean scoots to the right so she can sit where there’s more shade. His instinct is to get her something to drink, but she’s already taken care of that herself, fishing a bottle of cooled water out of the little plastic bag she’s carrying and pressing it against her temple.
It’s a nice, rich stick-to-your-ribs stew with beef and vegetables, and Dean inhales it as fast as he can. It’s soothing to have that gnawing feeling of hunger melt away, but eating is also making him drowsy again a lot sooner than he’d like. Cas watches him fight against the rising tiredness, then nudges him to make room against the headboard and takes the spoon from him.
Briefly closing his eyes, Dean takes in a deep breath and lets it out slowly. Then he nods and carefully takes the next step, leaning some more of his weight on Castiel.
Sam holds up his hands in a placating manner and offers Castiel a small, sad smile. "He's in the infirmary. Not because it's so bad, he just didn't want you to worry."
Leaning forward, Dean closed his eyes when their mouths met. He could feel his own lips tremble, could feel his eyes burn with the intense wave of emotion that crashed over him. One kiss turned into two, into three, chaste but already more than Dean felt he could handle.
Castiel starts to hum the introduction of the song, and Dean repositions his head slightly. For some reason, he always seems to greatly enjoy feeling the vibration of Castiel’s voice in his chest.
Dean, you really scared him. If whatever they were doing hadn’t meant that Jack couldn’t leave heaven at that moment, they’d have left right then and there.”
Eileen is creeping forward carefully and places her phone behind a boulder several feet away from the fence. The barking starts a moment later, and she quickly retreats back to her hiding place.
They soak for long enough that Dean actually falls into a light doze. It’s nice to just enjoy the water and the quiet for a while. It’s only been a handful of days, but he’s missed holding Dean like this and being close to him. His warmth and the beat of his heart are grounding, anchoring, and to Castiel it will always be special to know him this intimately.
There's little to no privacy to be had in the hunter's cabin that's functioning as their headquarters, and the cold doesn't affect Castiel much, so he steps outside to dial.
Slowing the motion of his hand down even further, Dean forces himself to take a deep breath so his stutter doesn’t ruin this for him by making him completely unintelligible.
Cas looks at him with soft eyes, like that was somehow a profoundly romantic statement. He squeezes Dean’s fingers one more time, then puts Dean’s hand down on the armrest so gently that Dean knows it’s going to hurt extra hard in a few moments.
Nodding mutely, Dean shuts his eyes and takes in a shuddery breath. He leans forward, initiating an embrace. Clinging to Castiel tightly, he asks, an edge of desperation to his voice, “Cas, you’re happy, right?”
The others get the hint, and conversation moves on around them. A hand on Dean's lower back under his shirt, Castiel is content to lean back in his chair and enjoy the lively atmosphere. Yes, it's chaotic and loud, but also genuine and full of laughter.
Locating it at the edge of their shelter, Dean tosses it to Eileen, who catches it easily. She gives him a thumbs up and then offers him a one-armed hug. After a moment of hesitation while he parses out if he wants it or not, Dean leans in. She squeezes him briefly and then lets go. “See you later!”
“W-when you c-c-called from the sh-sh-shel-l-lter, you d-didn’t s-s-sound g-g-good. Did something-g-g h-h-happen?”
Dean grimaces and shifts on the bed. Out in the field, promises like that don’t mean much. And if Cas witnesses someone being in danger, there’s no way he’s going to put himself first.
Castiel rolls his eyes. "I realize that, thank you." Despite himself, he has to smile. "They were so happy. And I looked at the both of them and I just…" His voice starts to waver and his eyes feel hot. "I didn't know I could feel so much love."
Though the ingredients are simple, the spellwork is intricate. It's obvious that a lot of thought and care went into crafting it, and Castiel makes a mental note to thank Rowena personally. Still—
Oh, Dean likes that one! It has a nice texture and it's so soft. He makes grabby hands for it, and Cas brings it over.
His shirt was still on his shoulders, torn and ripped and soaked wet. It did more bad than good, now, he felt. He pulled it off and let it drift away from him. He reached out a hand to feel whether his pants were still intact, and his fingers touched the slick scales of a fish. He recoiled and sent his hand again – and touched another fish. Only it felt more like one big fish, which was placed… exactly where his legs were supposed to be.
To his other side, the old lady looked him up and down. "Never flown before?" she asked. It wasn't said in a nice, interested 'first time flying?' tone. It was judging. The lady was judging him.
“I think it’s nice,” said Charlie. She frowned at the register and started to recount the bills inside. “Giving people flowers is nice.”
Dean shuffled his feet. He didn’t like the idea of someone paying for his stuff. It should have felt like leverage.
“Why?” Dean asked with befuddlement, looking at him as if he were a purple alien baby. “This place is perfectly safe.”
First, he clung to the cardboard. Then, more awkwardly, but out of no other choice (except to fall hard and sprain his ankle), he clung to Cas.
Lying on the floor and listening to the stones come closer and closer to shattering the glass one floor below him, he heard his phone buzz.
“That might be a problem,” said Dean. He tapped a nervous rhythm on his desk and looked in the direction of the door. Why wasn’t the bell ringing? “Because I’m not a sad lesbian.”
He felt like an idiot. His face colored slightly pink. Cas’ hand was warm; not uncomfortably so, but just to the amount that made Dean hold on tighter.
“First in your class,” Mary said, caressing his cheek. He pulled away from her touch, glancing around in embarrassment. “I’m so proud of you.” At that, Dean sent a wry smile towards Sam, who countered the gesture with, “She’s still relieved you’re not gonna become a mechanic.”
It took about an entire two minutes for the door to open. Chuck stood on the other side, smiling at him with surprise.
“Meg already said it’s okay that I’m taking up a table without getting anything,” Dean hurried to say. Not exactly how that conversation went, but close enough.
“Yeah.” He went around and took the driver’s seat. Dean got the receipt and took the passenger seat, and they were on the move again.
“I know this wasn’t your first option,” Dean said to the cash register. “And that you just want this day to be a little more fun, or a little less... unbearable, but I just-” he looked up at Cas, and the words caught in his throat. How he wanted to say something else. How he wanted things to be different. “I just need to be alone for a little while, okay?”
“I’m-“ Dean started to apologize, but Cas took his face in his hands and looked into his eyes for a moment, giving Dean a chance to push him away. He didn’t
He looked away from the bed. Dean reached out a hand and touched his face, and there was gentle worry in his eyes.
When he got home Mary didn’t even yell, that’s how mad she was. She grounded him for a month and sent him to his room. Dean wasn’t sure why she cared when he stopped caring long ago. His mother was right about him – it was only a matter of time until he would snap; and now that he did, there was no rising back from that fall.
Dean put the rifle down, took the dragon, and turned on his heel, grinning at Castiel. “Ten out of ten,” he said. “Consider yourself a loser.”
Still staring at her phone, she picked up a fry and threw it at him. Dean sighed, and turned to Castiel.
“It’s just, it’s been a while since we’ve all had dinner together,” he said. Sitting on his dorm bed, Dean gave him a silent thumbs-up. “You know?”
“It’s hard to imagine something so good going so wrong,” said Charlie, and wrapped her hands around her mug. Steam came out of it in small, almost-invisible clouds. “Maybe,” she said, “Maybe it’s time you stopped searching for ways to bring him back and tried to focus on... moving on.”
He wasn’t paying attention to her answer. He looked around; there were class photos hanging on the walls in an outstretched line. It wasn’t long before his picture would be on one of those; just a couple of months. Maybe by then Dean would be long gone.
And they both acknowledged that it didn’t. That wasn’t a problem; only Dean insisted they should take his car, and see, Castiel insisted they didn’t.
“Rise ‘n shine, Soldier Boy,” he grinned, letting an empty bucket drop from his hand onto the floor. Castiel stared at it.
“What’s wrong with giving children candy?” Cas asked. Dean let out a weak laugh. He watched the row of houses on the other side of the road, only lit by street lamps and small glimmering Christmas lights. Cas brought his palms to his face, cupping them together, and breathed into them to spark some warmth through his fingers. He rubbed them together. Dean tried not to watch him.
“If you can eat my fries while I’m in the bathroom, I can take books from your hands,” Castiel answered and waved his hand at Meg like he was batting a fly away. “Shoo.”
“That’s the spirit,” said Charlie. “With this attitude you’re going to be employee of the month.” She looked up and nudged him with an elbow. “Check her out.”
Charlie followed his eyes outside and saw Meg approaching. Dean managed to stuff the paper into his pocket before she walked in.
“The school play. Ms. Mills said if we don’t go she’ll hunt us down and behead us because the juniors worked really hard on it.”
He left the hall without a glance at the teenagers staring at him, and Cas didn’t take one step to stop him.
Dean went and got something from the bathroom. “I bought a whole other towel for you, so now it’s official.” He handed him a gray towel.
But it was a big deal. It was his boyfriend who lied to him and then saved his entire family's life.
Charlie emerged back from the bathroom holding her toothbrush in one hand and a shirt in the other. She threw the shirt at Dean’s face when she passed by them. “I’m a little concerned that you two are going to drown in your laundry when I’m gone.”
“Yes?” Dean asked, raising his head. His arms were elbow-deep inside a barrel full of sea water, trying to catch fish.
He focused his eyes on the table. He couldn't help feeling like a traitor, even though Dean was right here, knowing he didn't really mean this. “If you know Dean Winchester, you know he wouldn’t stand hearing someone say this about him. He wouldn’t speak to me again if he heard me complain about his pizza topping rants.”
Something about that made him uncontrollably irritable. Not just today, but for a while now. Something about the lack of feeling that they had both agreed on pre-relationship, if you could call whatever this was a relationship, like they’d signed some invisible contract to not make a big deal out of it. Something about that just pissed him off.
“I think I’m the only person less popular here than you,” Dean whispered to him while they were sitting down for dinner.
“I’d rather wait,” Dean grumbled. Castiel sighed. He tried to ignore how familiar it felt, sitting side by side, listening to the quiet between them; he wasn’t talking about the last two years, of course – the time spent together whenever they had a chance to annoy one another, to be resentful, to comment and sting. The time spent pretending to hate each other, yet not quite. Knowing it was something else. Because if they truly couldn’t stand each other they simply wouldn’t talk - and yet somehow they seemed to always find a way to sit side by side again, a reason to say something, as caustic and wry as that something was.
Dean scowled. It was an answer he couldn’t really argue against; it was harder to come by a hunter these days than it was to come by a three-headed goat.
“Alright,” said Castiel. “I can do that. I can…” He felt the weight of the blade in his hand. “I can kill some guy.”
The fair was at a big parking lot by the beach. It was cleared of cars and transformed completely; everything was red and black and the entrance was an arch of red roses.
"Who else thinks that?" He interrupted her. She dropped her feet from the table to lean forward and glare at him. "Me. I'm everyone to you."
“Literally the last thing I said,” he cut in, “Was ‘You don’t have to argue with me about everything’.” He turned to the therapist. “How can that be unreasonable?”
The school play was at seven the next evening. Everyone got pamphlets – and it seemed Meg was right. The cover had a picture of two guys singing on a stage. It looked pretty gay. And a little spooky.
motion. “It’s for your own good,” she said. “And, in Satan’s name, for the good of the people you text.” She grabbed his phone. “What’s the passcode?”
Meg almost spit her coffee all over the display case. She managed to keep it in, but it took half a minute of coughing before she could speak.
“Whatever,” Dean muttered. He hit his men with such preciseness that they fell flat after one blow – but he barely used his sword, and they were all still alive. “That one we’re better off without, anyway.”
“Yeah, one,” said Dean. “And then another one.” He leaned a hand on the table, shrugging his shoulders. “I get snacky.”
“Rather not,” he said slowly. An entire year of fake-dating and they’d managed to avoid having to kiss. He didn’t remember them doing anything more intimate than shaking hands in the duration of that year, and he wasn’t going to share the most private moment of his fake relationship with a roomful of his nosy friends. Cas’ expression didn’t change, but his jaw tightened. Dean couldn’t tell what he was thinking.
“Like a regular teenager.” He looked at their stumped faces for a moment. “He’s not really a two-headed horse,” he clarified.
“Forgetting to buy things when you get groceries,” he continued. “Looking at your computer while I talk to you. Making bad jokes when we’re around other people.”
He could not believe his luck. And maybe it wasn’t luck. He would never say this to Dean – but maybe this was fate.
“Actually,” said Dean, “Charlie said she might stop by, so it might be a three-person home vacation with work shifts.”
“So there’s one assignment each week,” Charlie whispered. “And you gotta have a journal where you write everything. We hand in the journal every week to get graded and reviewed and then we get it back for the next assignment.” Charlie paused, grinning up at him. “Got sick of flowers, huh?”
There were about a dozen explanations. It was Spiderman – a typically male-ish costume. And Cas had just said he wasn’t straight. Also, Dean could have seen the whole scene from aside and known it was a guy Cas was kissing.
“Home,” Cas echoed. He wasn’t looking at Dean. Dean wasn’t even sure that Cas meant for him to hear it.
Dean’s face reddened, and he looked straight ahead at the wall. They’d stopped playing, and the controllers just rested in their hands now.
Dean pressed his lips together, but he didn’t quite manage to suppress his smile. “Not once,” he said. Castiel shook his head, but he couldn’t stop his own smile.
And so, a decision was made, but it wasn’t made in the sense that it was decided. It was made in the sense that during drives to the supermarket the shopping list was gradually taken over by baby things. It was made at four a.m. when neither of them had slept for a week and still they were both up and desperately trying to calm the baby down. It was made within the shift of all those things, bit by bit, and before they could realize things were shifting, it had already been done, and it could not be undone: they were not giving this girl away.
“A friend-date,” Dean explained, grinning at him. And he couldn’t explain it, but that one sentence felt insurmountable. Like if he said yes then the word ‘friend’ would be erased from the sentence. And he wasn’t ready for that, for– for a hundred different reasons. Because he’s never seen Dean wear socks that weren’t white, for instance.
When the bell finally rang, he walked out of the room, leaving this class behind him forever. He walked through the halls decisively, confidently, almost proudly. He wasn’t going to let anyone know he hated every moment of it.
“Coordinates,” he finally said, looking at Castiel for confirmation. His eyes were just as luminous in the dark as the inked circles on the page, and full of an almost tangible fascination. Castiel lost grip of his thoughts for a second.
It wasn’t the first time he was saying something like this. Castiel shook his head. Dean stuck his hands in his pockets and poked his elbow at Castiel’s side.
The sensation was so alarmingly intimate that Dean fought the urge to flinch away, even after they’d been standing there motionlessly for five seconds.
“Hey,” Dean protested, and there was an edge to his voice, although he was trying to keep it casual. “There was just one dagger. And it was for luck. And either way,” he said, and ran a hand through his hair. “We should go, before we get a cold.”
Dean watched the three of them; and for a moment he was thankful for the quiet, for the insignificant weight Cas had lifted off his shoulder by entertaining his family. But then Mary turned back to him and flooded him with questions about his project. He started reciting the essay to her, his brother listening eagerly beside. When he turned to demonstrate something on his project, Cas was nowhere to be seen.
There was a pause. When Dean spoke, his voice was soft, and just a little amused. “Love you too, Cas.”
By late afternoon, the last of the boxes were put away in the car, and they entered the living room to say goodbye to Chuck. It didn’t look much better now that he was sober; there were still coffee mugs and papers everywhere, along with piles of books on the floor.
Nor was he sure what was he supposed to do now. There was no sign of land on the horizon, and even if there had been, he would have had to crawl onto it and move forward by shimmying on the ground like a… like a fish. And he couldn’t pee. And he was getting kind of hungry. The last thing he wanted to do right now was eat live fish. Apart from it being exceptionally gross, it felt… it felt sort of weird now.
Dean looked at him, and smiled his genuine, quiet smile, and said, “Just that I’m lucky to have you.”
Having been looking into his plate miserably, Sam cleared his throat now. “Actually, I do have something.”
“Charlie?” He let out, although the voice clearly did not belong to Charlie, as it was low and deep – deeper than his own voice.
“I don't know his hobbies. I don't know what he eats for dinner.” Dean raised his arms and dropped them for dramatic effect. “I don't even know which spoon he likes to be.”
Standing on the sidewalk in the middle of the cold, lit by the gleam of the moon, he swipes his phone open and taps Dean’s name on the screen. He dials.
“It’s okay,” she said with her chin on his shoulder. She broke it off and smiled at him. “I’ll live.”
He looked around and read the signs. There was a cafeteria to his left, and a library behind it. On the other side were the classrooms.
“Save the lecture for another day,” Dean grumbled and threw his bag on the floor. He kicked off his shoes, avoiding his brother’s eyes. “I’ve had a rough one.”
“Alright, class, you know the drill,” said Ms. Mills from the front of the room. “Personal evaluations, ten minutes per person. You’ll get your diplomas at the ceremony. Now, quiet.”
“Yeah.” He saw Dean walking around behind her. “Anyway, don’t go in there. See you later.” And he pushed past her again and ran after Dean.
He sighed, looking at his hands. "It's pretty bad. I don't think this is the best place to talk about it."
“Yeah, that,” said Dean. “So you’re like, the smart one,” he said to Castiel when Anna left, smirking at him like being smart was a secret weapon of Castiel’s that he’d just discovered. Castiel replayed in his head the months of torturous work he’d gone through just to keep from failing his classes, and shook his head in silence.
He took the hand out and turned around. Garth was standing a few feet away from them, talking to Hannah. She looked upset and was gesturing in Castiel’s direction, making a point he couldn’t hear. Garth had his hand on her shoulder, appeasing her. No – setting a boundary, Castiel realized when Garth turned around and came to sit with them, leaving Hannah to walk away looking dissatisfied.
"Hey... You," he said. He recognized her immediately. He just didn't remember where from, or what was her name, or whether it was suspicious that she was in his neighborhood, wearing a monochrome sports suit.
“Oh,” Dean let out. This he knew how to do. “Our omelet sandwich is decent, if you don’t mind white cheese. We’ve also got PB&J. Other than that, I’d recommend a toast. Everything’s better when it’s a toast.”
The central train station is a whirl of wind and people and vehicles. Castiel storms through the crowd – through, past, under and over, with the occasional sideways skid. Down the escalators and onto the platform, he hops on a bench and scans the hall for a familiar face. And there, amidst the crowd, is Dean.
“It’s okay,” Chuck mumbled into the cabinet. He threw his hand into it, and a bunch of water bottles rolled out. “I just need… I just need- hold on.”
Dean burst into laughter, only barely restrained enough to not spread across the tunnel. He stopped walking and Castiel bumped into him, his hand rising to Dean’s shoulder to regain balance.
She couldn’t be over a year and a half old; she didn’t seem to be able to say much. Her blond hair crowned her little head and she wiggled in his lap until she had access to his hair. What was with kids and trying to turn people bald?
If there was any kind of god above, he couldn’t thank it enough for making him keep his underpants on before he went to sleep that night.
“I did tell you,” Cas said, voice rising, and threw his box and the murderous hologram. It passed right through, and in return, he got a metal rod to the face that missed him by half an inch. “I told you a hundred times,” he said as he rolled away from the hologram, which was also away from Dean. “And I’m tired of hoping you’ll pick up on it and being disappointed when you don’t. It’s not working for me anymore.”
Dean shrugged. “I don’t really feel like hurting anyone,” he said. “I don’t see how that helps anything.”
“Your turn,” said Castiel, and Dean stood up from his chair with a grunt. He showed the group around and got them into the room. Then he came back, crossed his legs on his chair, rested his chin in his hands and looked at Castiel expectantly.
Dean stuffed the paper in an inside pocket of his shirt and approached him, already wearing his ever present smirk.
“Ew,” said Sam from the couch. Dean put his palm in front of his brother’s face and kissed Castiel again.
Cas stretched his neck to peek around the tree. “I don’t usually mind,” he said. His shoulder pressed harder against Dean’s in this position. Dean concentrated on the knees. “But I try to spend my weekends without accusatory stares, if I can.”
“Sure,” Donna said eventually. “We’re almost out of time, so why don’t we do just one exercise before I let you go? Let’s try to each remember something you said to the other that you regret, and might like to take this opportunity to apologize for.”
On the other side of it, Dean looked at him (shirtful, and completely dry, to his relief), then glanced around the hall behind him. There was something wild in his eyes.
Dean glanced towards the passenger seat from the corner of his eye, pretending to adjust his fangs and the tie of his cape in the rearview mirror.
“Yeah.” Dean wiggled his legs under the blanket. “They are out of control. Charlie called me five times last week trying to fish for more info.”
“If you say the word ‘lame’ one more time, I’m hiring a clown and making it kill you.” Meg said that, and then turned around and disappeared in the leather jackets aisle. Yes – there was an entire aisle dedicated to leather jackets. But then again, maybe Castiel shouldn’t have been surprised, since the place was called
And he couldn’t help but find it strange, that Dean would give him such a gift, but he couldn’t help find it endearing, too.
Dean shuffled his feet between an empty coke can and an A graded essay. “He’s in advance placement,” he said. And then something wonderful happened; Castiel’s poker face broke, and they both smiled at each other for a moment.
“Aunty, I have not eaten in ten hours. When I squint, their dresses seem like cakes and their hair like icing.”
“Me?” Dean demanded, dropping to the floor himself with one smooth movement and crossing his legs. “It was the sea!” He pointed a finger at the ocean. Castiel’s expression was more than skeptical.
April inhaled. She seemed to be on the verge of losing her cool. She huffed through her nose, and handed Dean two tickets.
He turned around to make sure the back counter was empty of stray pastries and clean of stains; Dick was very strict when it came to keeping his pastry shop clean. Not that Dean had ever seen the guy, but he always got a sense of this omnipresent being when he was here, as if the man could see any wrong move he would make – whether it was by way of security cameras, or if he was an actual supernatural creature with invisibility powers.
It was a process very much resembling a shopping run (or, a royalty’s shopping run. It wasn’t actually like he went to the market and shopped for girls. Nor did he go to the market and shop for bananas. Other people did things for him – he just had to sort of be there). He sat on a heightened chair, a prince’s throne, next to the Queen’s. He watched them come and go for hours, head resting heavily on his fist, and noted the light changing on their gentle features from white to yellow, to orange and pink as the hours ticked by. They stepped forward from the long line, bowed gracefully, smiled charmingly, and left, disappointed.
“More or less. I mean, when do I ever really tell the truth...” He chuckled, and glanced at Castiel’s unamused expression. “Except with you. I always tell you the truth.”
, but he thought it might be a little too mean. Dean found the movie and clicked it, and then stretched from the bed to turn off the lights.
"We're wasting time," she said, buckling her seat belt. "Just drive. You can lecture me on the way over"
“I... think he could be,” said Castiel, his voice not quite as decisive as his mind. “I mean, better safe than sorry, right?”
He made up his mind with some amount of confidence, not minding his surroundings, until he looked over to see Cas standing by the dining table and reading something on his phone.
He’s had about twenty different mental images of how Cas would react when he uttered these words, but as his natural self, Cas took him by surprise. he tilted his head and started smiling.
“Footballs,” Dean corrected, tugging at the ends of his shirt in an attempt to straighten it inconspicuously.
Midterms were over weeks ago. It was warm in Dean’s apartment. The afternoon light was disappearing through the window, and Castiel had absolutely nothing better to do than stare at Dean’s ceiling and feel his own heart beat. Apparently, Dean didn’t have much else to do, either.
Cas looked at him as if no one had ever said those words to him and meant them before. Then he looked away and cleared his throat. “Your turn.”
“What did you want to tell me?” He asked, letting Dean go. He didn’t even sound affected, but his eyes didn’t leave Dean’s face and they looked like they could set fire to an iceberg right about now.
Dean’s fingers brushing against his with Meg calling them from between leather jacket racks. Dean holding a bra like a smelly diaper and saying something funny. Dean who, when they parted for the next two weeks, kissed his face over and over and told him he’d miss him.
They’d decided to take this trip two months ago, and they hadn’t planned for it at all. He hadn’t even opened a chrome tab. He doubted Dean even had a pancake syrup flavor plan for the first diner they’d stop at. Dean always had a pancake syrup flavor plan.
It took him less than a second to assess the man standing before him and the crowd around them, and to make a decision.
It was strange, this new friendship that grew between the two of them. He wondered whether he should feel excluded.
“It’s an address,” said Dean. He was already by the door with his coat in hand before Castiel got up from his chair. “Let’s go.”
Purposefully or not, Dean tilted his head in an angle that Castiel’s eyes didn’t catch from where he was walking, halfway behind Dean between the narrow walls of their cave. Neither of them spoke for a while.
Slowly, heavily, he took the stairs up to the apartment. He glanced at the clock a couple of times, but his brain refused to register the hour. Late; too late to give him a proper night’s sleep if he wanted to catch a bus to school in the morning.
Castiel fixed the crooked mailbox on his way into the house. It was the sole indicator of this house being any kind of different from the other houses on the street – tall, well-kept, green-grassed, white-fenced. Tall, kept, grassed, kept, all along the road, and one crooked mailbox. And it wasn’t because this one was a hunters’ house, or because the occasional monster was dragged into it in the dead of night never to be seen again. It was because Dean and Claire liked to play baseball with large fruits while he was at work.
“What do you mean, everywhere?” Castiel asked, unable to hide the discomfort in his voice. The hairs at the back of his neck tingled at what felt like an ice cold breath. He turned around anxiously.
“Yeah,” Dean’s voice turned into a grumble. “A two-person home vacation with eight-hour-long work shifts in the middle. Merry frickin’ Christmas.”
“Well, the reason was waffles,” Cas interrupted, and Dean smiled in a way that might’ve been just a touch too self-satisfied.
breakfast coupon. And this past hour was the closest thing I've gotten to a date in about four months.”
Driving this road for the first time in months felt foreign, because it was something that was once familiar and had gone strange. Going up the stairs and knocking on the door, knocking twice – knocking a third time – and finally, seeing his father on the other side.
“Kids?” He asked. “I feel... indifferent about them. Except in the dark. I find them unsettling in the dark. Especially after that case we worked last summer...”
“Listen,” he said, clearing his throat. He liked this setup: him behind the wheel, being able to avoid eye contact if he wanted to get real. “I know what I did was wrong…”
“Okay,” Castiel said, viewing the note Dean had given him. He looked at Dean, squinting. “Are you alright?”
Not a moment later, he was replaced with another rider. Azazel was approaching Dean on his horse, and when he got close enough, he pushed.
He barreled through the long corridor, trying not to think too hard about his decision. Not to allow himself to change his mind. When he found the right door, he knocked on it, slid it open, and stepped inside.
“Tell me something,” he asked, mostly to feel Dean’s eyes on his face. “Before I got here, did you do all these things alone? Go around the ship and fix things and pull ropes with no one following you around and being… ‘so broody that I might knock you down with my powers of being dark and mysterious’?”
“I know it’s happening,” he said, trying to stifle the edge in his voice. Considering the way each of them has handled this so far, Bobby should be frustrated with him, not the other way around.
“Sure,” said Dean and pointed in the direction of the bathroom. “What’s up?” He asked, eyebrows furrowing, once Garth was gone.
Dean sighed. “I didn’t want to go to the party. But I didn’t want my friends to give me shit for it, so I told them I’d ask you. I planned on you saying no, of course, because why wouldn’t you? But then you said yes, and I had to go.”
It struck a nerve for two reasons. One was that Cas was reaching out, suggesting to meet in the middle and compromise, and that pissed him off for the same unexplained reason that Cas sending that
“So you lie to everyone around you?” Asked Castiel. He didn’t mean it to be a jab, but Dean’s mouth twisted. “I didn’t mean it that way,” he added softly.
Meg scoffed. “Halloween isn’t about being someone you’re not. It’s about showing the world who you really are.”
“I’ll press my lips onto hers. Short, soft, light,” Dean murmured, looking into Castiel’s eyes, and he seemed just a little lost in them. “So brief that when I pull away, she’ll lean into me. And then I’ll strike again, and that’s where it gets good, because it’ll make or break your kiss. It’s gotta be deep, sweeping enough that it’ll be the solution to everything you’d left unanswered in the first kiss. You gotta make that one count.”
“Who-“ Charlie started, but Dean waved his hand dismissively. “He was a lesser-known pirate who managed to hide his fortune for his crew to find after his death. He was so successful in hiding it that barely anyone even tried to find it. No one ever found the map, but it was known to be a cryptic list of numbers.” He looked at Castiel. “Sets of six,” he repeated, holding the paper to the light again. “So there are five locations. How do we know which one’s the first?”
“First thing she did was cut me out,” Dean continued. “Out of the outside world, of my family, of you. She took my weapons and my phone. Would’ve carved my tattoo off too if I hadn’t convinced her it might be useful, for other hunters to trust me, and to be bait for monsters. So I worked with her for some time. Can’t say that was too much fun.”
“In that case,” Cas scratched his chin in a way no one actually did unironically in real life. Somehow he made it work. “Warm milk.”
Cas glanced at the sleep mask again and his eyebrows furrowed, as though he was still trying to hold back a smile at the sight of it.
Crowley nods his head. Dean starts speaking about double standards and society’s expectations, and Castiel watches his lips distractedly. The words float around in his mind like a fog, blurring every other thought.
He stepped back, the paper already crumpled in his clenched fist. His heartrate settled just a little bit, and the absence of the strong beating in his chest left dread to fill the empty space like water filling the cracks in a fractured glass. Tentative applause rose from the audience. A few guys whistled in a way that made his stomach twist.
“I might have found him,” he told Sam breathlessly. “Stay here.” And before he had finished his sentence, he was already flying down the stairs.
Her name was Shelley. Like Mary Shelley. She was a perfectly decent person. Castiel couldn’t imagine why she bothered to marry his hot tempered, assbutt of a brother.
He’s starting to reconsider his earlier assertion about Dean’s uptightness about his sexuality and his privacy regarding feelings. And then he listens to another song, and it takes his breath away.
"This is ridiculous," said Dean at the sight of the gate. The place was already packed, and there were people coming and going. They stood in line to buy tickets.
Cas touched his hand and pulled his attention from the body. “Are you alright?” He looked genuinely concerned.
,” Dean said, forgetting all about his mental monologue about holiday morals. Cas rolled his eyes. He glanced in Mary’s direction, and took a step in Dean’s direction. And stood.
And a few moments later he was lying on the floor of his bedroom next to Cas. The silence stretched for minutes. Dean didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know how to fix this.
He just couldn’t do it. He couldn’t lie to Dean. He couldn’t hide things from him, not even if it was literally his father’s last wish for him not to tell. He...
"I don't need a symbol to..." he started. But then he huffed, thinking about their airborne ride home, and took it from her waiting hand. "Give me that."
“Everyone here?” He asked, looking around. A few faces nodded. He shot one last look towards the town, as if searching for another familiar face – but there was none.
His jacket and his mussed hair and his actual piercing gaze – who else in real life had a piercing gaze, for real? – Something about him was just so attractively intimidating. It was like asking out Barack Obama.
But the bus driver had the wrong address, so they had some free time while they waited for the bus to arrive.
There was a couple-minutes interlude while Cas ascertained (quite thoroughly) (unnecessarily so, to Dean’s opinion) that this information was legit. There really was a couple’s therapist’s office in a building right by them. Dean really had a recently-ex girlfriend (he showed pictures). Dean was mentally sound (if you didn’t count aerophobia and an obsession with He-Man).
“It’s okay,” he murmurs, shakes his head as Cas opens his mouth to protest. “You gotta save it, man. Don’t waste it on my clumsy ass right now.”
His whole body hurts, actually, more than happy to remind Dean that he’s on the wrong side of forty to be getting into bar fights (
The same shoulder that Jack had placed his hand on just a scant few hours earlier, trying to console, to guide Castiel as he’d revealed his truth.
When he passes Eileen and Sam in the kitchen, he just waves and says, “Going for a drive.” Sam looks like he’s about to ask questions, but Dean just keeps going, walking with purpose. He slides into the Impala, settling into the familiar dip in the seat as he turns the car on and throws it into drive. She rumbles down the cracked asphalt of the highway, crunches over dirt and gravel until he pulls her to a stop in front of calm, shimmering water, the sun turning the surface of the lake a deep blue-green.
Right, Dean realizes. That should’ve… he probably should’ve done that as soon as he got home from their disastrous trip. Except he’d been too consumed by a sort of paralyzing numbness to do anything other than stare at his phone, hoping against hope that Cas would call, or text, or
Dean swings his legs over the side of the bed, wincing a little as his feet touch the cold floor. Maybe it was just a dream; maybe it was real but the Empty was lying.
, the wood scraping roughly against his shirt. Dean fumbles for the knob, nearly falls on his ass when it suddenly turns and opens and Cas pushes them inside. He vaguely notices they’re in his own room, bed neatly made, basket of clean laundry that needs to be put away sitting in the open closet.
“Over and out.” The line goes dead, and Dean shoves his phone into his pocket, rushing back out to the Impala. He closes the front door behind him. Rowena and Sam will need an office to come back to, after all.
Four hours later, he watches with a smile as Sam gathers Eileen up in a fierce hug, his gargantuan frame engulfing her, relief running through every line and muscle of his body. Eileen accepts the embrace with grace and no small amount of puzzlement, gentling Sam’s frantic kiss with a soft hand against his jaw.
Sam scowls, putting on his stubborn face. “Clearly I am capable of handling it,” he snaps, standing up straighter. “Rowena and I are both capable of handling it, actually. It’s not a bad thing to push your limits, Dean! It’s been fine this whole time, I swear. This was just -- just a fluke. Rowena handled the same amount of power right before me. I’m just not quite… at the same level yet. But I’ll get there.”
By the end of the film, it’s clear that Cas has fallen asleep, head back against the couch and eyes shut. Something in Dean’s chest tightens -- Cas has been working longer hours recently, and has been talking excitedly about Nora possibly promoting him to a manager position. He knows the guy is tired.
And then his little brother opens his mouth and says, “Because you don’t have the power; you’re not strong enough. This isn’t up to you. So either help me fix this, or leave. It’s your choice. But I’m not going to stop. There’s too much at stake.”
Dean sucks in air like his lungs are about to collapse and makes himself step back, breaking their holds on each other. “Why didn’t you come back right away? I thought… I thought I’d never see you again, man.”
Cas yawns and says, “You’d have done the same for me,” like this is no big deal, like this isn’t the first time in a long time someone has done something
“We’ll get you home,” Dean says, then hesitates, glancing at Cas. Is he… going to even want to come home? Back to landlocked Kansas? “Actually, Sam, can you give me and Cas a moment? Why don’t you go sit down, you look like shit. Oh,” he pauses, digging through his pockets for his phone and tossing it to Sam, “call Charlie and let her know we’re okay. She’s probably losing her shit right now. She helped me track your phone so I could find you.”
And then someone claps, loudly, from outside the cabin. Dean jumps, heart pounding wildly in his chest, before realizing that it hadn’t come from behind him, from where he’d come in -- there’s someone on the other side of the building. Closer to the water.
By some small miracle, Dean has an early morning shift on the same day as Cas’ first day of work, so he’s able to cram a somewhat healthy breakfast in front of the poor dude, who is clearly way more nervous and excited than anyone who has worked at a gas station has ever been. Dean had managed to convince him
“Shit,” Dean says, trying to jump backwards on his goddamn knees. They bang against the ground and send sparks of pain shooting up his legs. He’s in his scrubs and his coat, kneeling on the dirty ground next to a naked beat up guy who’s spewing bodily fluids all over the place, and not a piece of PPE in sight. This is like the perfect storm to get hepatitis or something. Thinking quickly, he sighs and makes a decision he hopes he doesn’t regret in a few hours.
Cas passes him the bag, rolling his eyes at Dean’s not-so-subtle deflection as he puts the other two in the trunk. “You packed enough clothes for him, right? And Sam’s new place has a washer there?”
There are hushed voices in the hallway, Sam and Cas. Dean would try to listen, but there’s a buzzing in his ears that drowns them out. He’d rather focus on that instead, anyway. Rather not think for a while. He presses the bruise, takes a drink. Stares at the wall some more.
just because you don’t have magic and Sam does, or because you can’t be every solution to his every problem. You’re allowed to relax and think about yourself from time to time, I promise.”
He doesn’t really know what he’s begging for, but Cas seems to, pulling off of Dean with a soft, obscene noise. Moonlight shifts, liquid and slow, over his face, showing Dean his red, perfect mouth, the way his tongue darts into the corner of his lips to lick away a drop of precome. A desperate, aching noise punches out of Dean, heat spreading like molten lava through his belly and up his spine.
There’s a sharp creak from the chair as Dean lifts himself up, holding on desperately to the back for leverage. Cas bites a line of kisses across his collarbone and up his neck, his hands warm and solid as they grip Dean’s hips, keeping him grounded. Keeping him steady. Cas won’t let him go too fast, which Dean loves and hates at the same time. He desperately wants to let go, to take Cas as fast and deep as he can, but this is amazing, too, raising himself up slow only to roll back down, hard.
“You’re beautiful like this,” Cas says, shifting up to his knees and reaching over the side of the bed to where his duffel bag is laying on the ground -- lazy bastard had barely unpacked, just thrown it there when they’d arrived. Dean makes a soft, wanting noise as Cas’ finger slips out of him, but all is forgiven when Cas comes back with a bottle of lube.
-- safe. His hands find the sides of Cas’ face, eyes suddenly blurry with tears, and he kisses him, pouring all the relief, the joy, the fear, the love within him into the press of his lips against Cas’ own.
Blinking, Dean grabs Sam’s gift and heads back to the car, locking the door on the way out. Cas is making final adjustments to the trunk, and he shuts it as Dean walks up to him. “All set?” he asks.
After a few more moments of grinding, Rowena swipes the herb paste underneath Cas’ eyes, which immediately start watering from the pungent concoction. Then her pale hands grip the sides of his face, forcing their gazes together as she begins to chant lowly. Dean thinks it’s Ancient Greek, though he’s not sure.
Cas nods, shifting next to Jack. “I’ll fix the mess you’ve made of the carseat, don’t worry,” he deadpans, fiddling with the straps.
Castiel nods, so Dean slips into his darkened bedroom, rummaging through his drawers for an old pair of sweatpants and a shirt. He pulls out a stretched-out gray AC/DC shirt and folds it over his arm. He hesitates for a moment, hovering over his underwear drawer, before he decides he’s not willing to let a stranger wear his boxers. Just a little too weird for now.
. Cas is sitting on his couch wearing a dark suit and tie under a rumpled tan trenchcoat, like he didn’t used to
“It’s a bit of a last minute appointment,” Rowena answers instead of Sam. “They sent a message early this morning requesting a consultation; you’re just lucky you showed up before they did, otherwise we’d have been a bit tied up.” She gestures at Castiel to get out of the armchair. “Up you go, there’s a good lad. Samuel will see you out. Good luck, I’d say please don’t hesitate to contact me if I can be of any further assistance but, well, you aren’t paying me!”
Cas shakes his head. “No, I was just standing behind the counter reading a magazine and watching the news, like I usually do. There was some news report about a lake in Nebraska being completely sucked up by a waterspout, and then my head felt like it was splitting open.” He pinches the bridge of his nose, letting out a soft exhalation. “It’s been so long since my last headache, I’d hoped that they were done.”
Rowena shakes her head. “No, and unfortunately I can’t really tell you much more. We’re already flirting quite heavily with our NDA at the moment. Please, be a dear and show Samuel how the bloody thing works.” Impatience creeps into her tone.
Dean’s heart aches for a moment at the reminder, but he shakes his head. “I don’t blame you, Cas. You were trying to keep me safe. We can move past that, but it’s not going to happen again.”
“Dean!” Another push, and Dean can feel it now, someone’s hand on his shoulder, shaking him awake. The Empty fades out around him, the dream snapping all at once as he opens his eyes and looks up, squinting, into the strangely blinding light of his room.
Charlie leans around to take a look at Cas’ sleeping form. “Aw, what a little angel,” she whispers with a teasing smile, and Dean chuckles.
“Can you tell us anything about what you’re researching, at least?” Cas asks, tentatively trying a chip. He seems surprised by the flavor, and pulls the basket closer to himself, pulling out the chips with the largest salt flakes visible. “It’s interesting, learning what you and Dean do. It seems so different on the surface, but underneath it’s very similar -- you’re both helping people, just in your own ways.”
Dean looks up as a plate with a cheeseburger and a small mountain of fries is placed in front of him, catching Benny’s frown as the vampire slides across the booth from him. “Still ain’t heard from him?” Benny asks, sliding ketchup and vinegar bottles across the table to Dean as well.
to get his mouth around it, like yesterday. Arousal churns in his gut and his own cock jerks, precome already starting to bead at the tip.
Easier to be alone in his grief than to allow Cas closer than he already was. Easier to blame Cas than to blame God, because that was at least agency, that was at least Dean
(When Sam gets back an hour later, the chair is still in pieces on the floor. “Dean? Cas?” he calls, worried. “Everything okay?”
The man blinks, eyes struggling to focus. “I --” he says, then pauses, frowns. He’s quiet for a few moments, mouth struggling to shape an answer. “Castiel,” he says finally.
“I just finished my shift and was walking to meet Cas here to go get coffee, when the werewolf jumped out of the bushes and attacked me. I’m not sure how they managed to only partially shift, since we’re at least two weeks away from the next full moon, but I think the pain of a partial shift may be to blame for the aggression. If anything, you should be checking on them, not me.” Dean tries to wave away the nurses’ hands, suddenly grouchy as the adrenaline begins to wear off.
Sam stares at him for a moment, and Dean can’t meet his gaze, can’t look at his brother who knows him too goddamn well, because he knows Sam’s gonna figure it out. Even exhausted and emotionally wrung-out, Sam’s still gonna put two and fucking two together and get the right answer.
Dean whips around in the water and loses his footing, the lake closing over his head with a cold slap. It’s disorienting, and he scrambles back up towards the surface, trying not to snort water up his nose. When he comes back up with a gasp -- now thoroughly and completely soaked -- and blinks the water out of his eyes, Cas is standing behind him with a confused look on his face, whole and alive and completely undrowned, the sky incredibly blue and clear above him. “Why did you come in the lake fully clothed?” he asks, and Dean considers the merits of drowning
“This is for our research,” Sam explains, moving closer. “We’re going to do some monitoring of magical energy levels and stuff, so we got this altered to allow us to do that.”
, no headphones on in the spell chamber, no watching Netflix in the spell chamber, no unbuttoned or unzippered coats in the spell chamber--”
should be doing right now. But instead, I’m talking to you. The human so desperate that he traveled along the border between sleep and death only to arrive at oblivion.” It chuckles, a considering noise, the sound raising the hair on the back of Dean’s neck. “I wonder how long you have to stay asleep before you become mine?”
“What? What is it?” Dean asks, keeping his voice low. He looks around as well. There doesn’t seem to be anything there; just sand and water, their footprints extending in a line behind them. “Cas? What’s wrong?”
Cas stays silent but his thumb continues to pass back and forth over Dean’s knee at a steady pace. Dean takes it as encouragement to keep talking. “They would’ve been great teachers for Sammy, ‘cept they got in a car accident when I was twelve. Hit by a semi, flipped completely over. Car was totaled. Dead on arrival at the hospital. Sammy took it really hard. I did, too, obviously, but he was only eight when it happened. Was convinced that he could’ve saved them, if we’d been there. That he was powerful enough for that.” He takes a deep breath, blows it out. Cas’ hand squeezes gently. “We went to go live with a friend of our dad’s, Bobby, who took us in without question. You’ll meet him someday, hopefully. Gruff old bastard with a heart of gold, but not a single magical bone in his whole damn body. Had no idea what to do with Sam’s magic, and I sure as hell didn’t know either. We tried, but --” he sighs, breaking off.
Dean writhes in Cas’ hold, a flush running down his chest, and he digs his heel into Cas’ ass, arching into him. He reaches up, gets a hand around the back of Cas’ neck, pulls him down into a sloppy, messy kiss, mouths open against one another. Dean sucks on Cas’ tongue, revelling in the low groan that pulls from Cas, rolling his hips as best he can in time with Cas’ rhythm. He feels incredibly full, dick leaking against his stomach, and when Cas runs his fingers up the length of it, he nearly comes right then and there.
Fuck, he should’ve looked for a makeshift weapon or something to defend himself. Why are there no convenient two-by-fours laying around in this alley? Aren’t all alleys supposed to have convenient two-by-fours laying around in them? He could’ve sworn that was part of city building code. Sucking in a breath, Dean makes a fist around his keys in his pocket, steeling himself to go for the eyes if he has to. It’s the best he can come up with.
had reached out and pulled him to his death, the look of serene peace, of total and complete happiness. The way Cas had said “Goodbye, Dean,” and then pushed Dean to the side with a smile.
Dean gives him a strained smile, biting into a salty fry. The sharp taste of vinegar explodes across his tongue, a fitting counterpoint. “Guess you need to get your eyes checked,” he jokes, bitter and acrid. “‘Cause I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but it’s been a month at this point, and everything’s been radio silent.” Which made sense, since Cas was probably too busy somewhere in the middle of the ocean to whip out his phone and call or text Dean.
Cas gasps above him, hand tightening in Dean’s hair, says, “Fuck, Dean, your mouth,” with a wondering tone. Dean takes a breath through his nose and presses down again, taking even more, until his nose is pressed into the wiry hair at the base of Cas’ dick. Cas groans, loud and deep, both hands in Dean’s hair now, pulling in the way that sends sparks tingling down his spine and makes Dean moan and close his eyes.
She also offers to come over and marathon some bad horror movies and eat a lot of ice cream, and for a moment it’s
“C’mon, c’mon,” Dean mutters, listening to his phone ring as he white knuckles the wheel of the Impala, driving with just one hand. The tires squeal as he takes a turn a little too fast, gunning the engine after a moment of fishtailing.
Dean gives him the phone, leaning in impulsively to press a soft kiss to his stubbled cheek as well. Thank fuck it’s dark in here, because he can feel a heated flush spread across the back of his neck and across his face. “There you go. Let’s get out of here.”
He leaves before any of them say anything. Can feel Sam and Eileen’s eyes burning a hole in the back of his neck. Cas hasn’t moved a muscle. Arms still crossed. Still keeping a pillar between himself and Dean.
“Don’t touch it --” Dean starts to hiss, then gasps as an icy-hot sensation shivers through his leg and up his spine, spiking through his brain. It’s almost painful, but it disappears as quickly as it came; when Dean looks down, his ankle is no longer swollen, and there’s no pain when he flexes it, testing.
“Let’s get some drinks, set up Star Trek, and then I’ll start my magic, sound good?” Charlie says, opening her laptop and sitting down on the couch. “Handmaiden, fetch us some beverages,” she directs to Dean.
“What else is new,” Sam rolls his eyes. “And takes one to know one. You and your razor not getting along? Looking a little patchy there.”
“What do you mean?” Charlie asks, sitting at the other end of the couch, forcing Dean to sit between them. She wiggles her eyebrows at Dean significantly, out of Cas’ eyesight. Dean rolls his eyes but sits down. The old couch dips underneath him -- he really needs to think about replacing it -- and both Cas and Charlie are shifted closer to him, Cas’ shoulder nearly touching his own.
An uneasy feeling twists in Dean’s gut. “Well, Rowena did say your magical reserves or whatever would run out after a while. I don’t know if it works when the magic just dries up, but there are some drugs that can augment power for a bit, like, uh, vervenalin. There can be some pretty nasty side effects, though. I wouldn’t, um, really recommend it for humans.” He grits his teeth at what he’s saying, but Cas deserves to know about all the options out there, even if Dean has some major hangups about one or two of them. Okay, maybe just about one of them.
Dean snorts. “As good as two people who can’t even light a candle with magic can do, I guess, sure. Probably could’ve done a whole lot better, too.”
The blonde woman, Rachel, is pulling a long silver blade out of her sleeve, and Dean headbutts her, a sick crunch coming from her nose as she cries out and stumbles back, blood dripping from her nose. Dean’s forehead throbs painfully, but he kicks the knife away, and it skitters across the sand, glinting in the moonlight. Cas is still kneeling on the ground, hands gripping his hair, and Uriel is coming up behind him, another long-bladed silver knife in his hand. “Cas!” Dean shouts again, running and trying to tackle the large selkie to bring him down.
“Oh, shit,” Dean says, and the man looks up at him, and even through the bruised slits of his eyes, Dean can tell his gaze is an unearthly blue.
“Sorry, NDA,” Sam shrugs apologetically. “But I will say I’ve never seen Rowena so intense before. I’m pretty sure she’s been sleeping in her office -- and
Dean sighs and unwinds himself, sitting up. He promptly groans as the room spins a little bit -- that whiskey is starting to hit hard. “I’m worried about him, and he doesn’t want to listen to me,” he says. “He’s so focused on this project at work, and he says he’s fine, but I just… I want to trust him so badly. But I’m scared. I don’t know what to do.” He squeezes his eyes shut tight, rubbing the palms of his hands into the sockets hard enough that little colored lights explode across the darkness.
Dean feels himself clench around Castiel’s length, words rumbling through him, sending sparks zipping up his spine, down his legs where they’re wrapped around Cas’ hips, making his toes curl. “Yeah,” he murmurs, and it’s another apology that he can’t make himself say, but Cas seems to get it, because his eyes soften, the light in them no less fierce, but warmer somehow. He rolls his hips again, and Dean bites his lip, because it’s good, it’s so fucking
“I can see how that would work,” Sam says, slow, like he’s working out the logical leaps in a puzzle. “But in order to run the tracking spell, we’d need a physical manifestation of the magic, wouldn’t we? How would we get that?”
Dean takes just a moment to feel guilty for what he’s about to say. “I’m just saying, you’ve been known to… make some bad decisions when you get wrapped up in something that takes all your attention.” He sets his jaw, looking back up at Sam, who looks… yeah. Who looks shocked. Just like he thought.
There’s a wail from the waiting area, and he pretends he doesn’t flinch, because no matter how many times he’s done this, no matter how many times he’s witnessed this, it never gets any easier. He looks at Dr. Vallens, who is unhooking the facemask from her ears, and she nods. “I know your shift is almost over,” she says apologetically, “but do you have time to help draw up the paperwork?”
tempting, but then Dean remembers the last bad horror movie he watched, and what happened afterwards, and how he’s never going to feel Cas’ arms around him again like he did for the first time that night, and he feels like he’s about to puke.
, and Cas seems to realize this, leaning back to add more lube to his hand before pressing a finger against Dean, cool and slick as he slips inside. Dean gasps like he’s been shocked, but Cas eases him through it, shifting inside of Dean like he’s memorizing him from the inside out.
“Be nice to him, Benny, he’s had a rough few days,” Dean says, swiping an uneaten fry off of Cas’ plate. Cas is squinting at Benny with poorly disguised annoyance, and Dean really doesn’t want to deal with whatever weird pissing match the two of them have decided to start.
Ah, shit. That came out way worse than he meant it. The back of his neck heats up, but Cas is giving him a grateful look and nodding.
Sam just shakes his head without turning back. “No, I’m not hungry. You can have it if you want.” The door to the restaurant jingles faintly as it shuts behind him.
She glares right back at him. “Fine, but if you’re not out here in fifteen minutes, I’m coming in, and you can’t stop me.” Her eyes dare him to challenge her.
That earns him a glare, which he would probably find amusing at any time other than literally right this moment with a bleeding and bruised naked man at his feet. Dean reaches out his hand carefully, telegraphing his movements with a slow deliberateness to show that he doesn’t have any tricks up his sleeve. “I’m gonna feel your foot and ankle, okay? To see if something’s broken, or if you just have a bad sprain. Tell me if anything hurts especially bad when I press on it.”
“I don’t know, Sam,” he says, trying to remain calm. “The last time you said you felt more powerful, I had to check you into rehab.”
He lets his mouth go hot and easy, lets Cas snap his hips forward as Dean fights for breath, and it’s good, it’s so good. Dean swallows around him one, two times, rolls his tongue over the head, and Cas shudders when he comes, says Dean’s name like a prayer.
“But they debunked the selkie shit centuries ago, when the merfolk sent a coalition to meet with the Greeks. It was all just sailors seeing manatees and mermaids and thinking they were seal-people shedding their skin or whatever.”
has an incredible underlying philosophical exploration to it that gets to the heart of what makes Star Trek so powerful --”
It takes a few weeks for Cas to land an interview, much less a job after Charlie sends the rest of his paperwork over, but eventually he finds a part-time gig at a nearby gas station. The pay is kind of shit, but hey, for all Dean knows this is Cas’ first job, and considering he doesn’t have an actual resume or CV of any kind, the Gas-n-Sip is a good place to get his feet wet. And Cas seems intrigued by the idea of working there; he’d described the slushie machine in frighteningly accurate detail when Dean had asked him how the interview had gone.
Cas has taken to the ocean like, well, a fish to water. Dean’s never seen him so comfortable before; even in their apartment, Cas sometimes moves stiffly, like he’s not quite used to it. But here, walking across the sand while the ocean moves and splashes in the background, Cas seems truly in his element.
The air conditioner clunks to life in the corner of the motel room with a pained wheeze. He lets himself lay there, feels the beat of Castiel’s heart against his own chest. Strokes a hand down the length of Castiel’s spine. Closes his eyes. A few tears slip from the corner of his eyes to his hairline, leaving tracks across his skin.
, he just isn’t sure how. And then it clicks: he ran into this guy outside of Rowena’s office months ago, right after he’d set up the monitor for Sam. The one who had asked Dean about getting an appointment for some bullshit. Was
With a huff, Dean pulls out a couple of antiseptic wipes and gauze from the kit, his skin buzzing, because holy
“Yeah, he’s got enough clothes for a week, so I’ll definitely do laundry while we’re there. And you know Eileen wouldn’t move in somewhere without a washer and dryer within fifteen feet of their bedroom.” Dean unzips the duffel, searching through it for Jack’s favorite toy, a patchwork stuffed elephant. Without it, Jack would be absolutely inconsolable for the entire trip, and Dean really does
Castiel blinks. He’s known Dean for over ten years, has held his very soul in his hands, and yet somehow, he’s still surprised by him. Dean is looking at him with an almost desperate longing, and, well.
“I -- maybe,” he says, thinking about it. The last time he’d stumbled in on Sam and Eileen making breakfast together had been while… while Cas had been gone. When he’d left because Dean had pushed him away. Something sours in Dean’s stomach at the goddamn parallels, and he wants to be sick. “Don’t wait for me. When you’re hungry, you’re hungry. I’ll be there or I won’t, don’t worry about me.” He walks out of the kitchen before Sam can say anything else, footsteps too loud in the empty bunker corridors.
There’s a hand in Dean’s hair, tugging his head gently to the side so Cas can kiss a hot line up Dean’s neck, tuck a bruise into the hollow where his jaw meets his ear, breath warm and heated against Dean’s skin. Dean’s hands fumble for a moment before finding the belt loops of Cas’ pants, pulling their hips together finally,
, and the tension snaps so fast it feels like it hits him in the eye, and Cas is breaking their staring to look down and away again.
The next few days follow that pattern: beach, food, sex, and not much else. Freckles pop up all over Dean’s arms, face, and chest no matter how much sunscreen he wears, and Cas spends hours one night just holding Dean down and kissing every one he can find. It’s the sweetest torture Dean’s ever had to endure as he shakes apart underneath Cas’ hands and mouth.
Dean can barely see Lucifer now as he stumbles around, spreading flames as he goes, too disoriented to run for the water that is both so close and too far away at the same time. He falls to his knees, an agonized scream tearing out of his throat as the inferno roars into the early morning sky. The fire grows, engulfing the ready tinder of the forest floor, and Dean realizes in horror that the edge of the blaze is dangerously close to the still-dozing baby.
“Just take it one day at a time, brother,” Benny says, and he gives Dean an encouraging smile. “And whenever you need a burger and an ear, well, you know where to find me.”
Cas’ eyes are still wide with shock, and Dean feels momentarily bad for the poor guy who’s just had the adrenaline rush of a lifetime, probably. “You should let them make sure you’re okay, Dean,” he says quietly.
Thankfully, things have been mostly quiet in the hunting world while Dean and Sam have been out of commission, so to speak. When anything does pop up, they’re able to call someone else to handle it, which makes Dean chafe a bit, but it’s better than getting dead. And spending a few days resting in the bunker is actually pretty nice. With Cas back and actually talking to him, it all feels so much… lighter than it did before. Less empty. Like Dean can breathe again.
He meant the words in the moment, but now they sound empty to his ears. He brings the bottle to his lips again, coughs a little as it burns.
“Hm.” Cas must agree, because his hand slips into Dean’s underwear, taking a handful of his asscheek and squeezing firmly. Breath stutters in Dean’s chest, and his lungs feel like they’re burning as one of Cas’ long, thick fingers press against his hole, the dry pressure suddenly all he can focus on. Cas’ other hand is there too, suddenly, tugging at the waistband of his boxers, and Dean struggles to lift himself up enough that Cas can pull them down.
that nearly slips out, but he holds it together, somehow. Maybe he’s hit his threshold for embarrassing himself today.
“Strange how?” Dean pours a couple dollops of batter into the pan. “Do you feel lethargic, or have any sharp pain? Low-grade pain is still pretty normal right now.”
He heaves another sigh, but turns into the hug she’s offering. Her head tucks into his chest, and Dean relaxes minutely. “I’m sorry,” she whispers again, “I shouldn’t have pushed.”
Charlie whirls on Dean, pointing her finger accusingly at him. “You’ve lived with this guy for how long now, and you never asked him about Star Wars?” she harangues. Dean holds up his hands in surrender, but Charlie keeps going, really building up steam. “How is this possible? Dean Winchester, I thought I knew you! I bet you haven’t even asked him about his favorite Star Trek series, have you? Oh my god, the only thing you’ve made him watch is Dr. Sexy, isn’t it!”
“C’mon,” he groans, feeling split open, lifts Cas’ face up to kiss him, spit-slick and messy. “Cas, please--”
They carry the cooler of supplies Dean had packed down to an open table shaded by a large tree. The air is stiflingly hot, and Dean pulls out a beer, cracking it open with relish. Condensation begins to slide down the outside of the can almost immediately in the humidity. He offers one to Cas, who shakes his head and slips into the changing rooms, mentioning something about the water looking more refreshing than alcohol.
“Wait, hold on,” Dean says, trying to reorder his jumbled thoughts. Cas’s hair is wrecked from Dean’s hands, his lips red and wet, and it takes everything he has not to fall back into Cas’ hold. “Just wait a second, Cas, do you know what’s going on? Do you remember this? I don’t want to, uh, overwhelm you, or anything, or do anything you’re uncomfortable with, and you’re a pretty fucking good kisser but I dunno if that’s just muscle memory or what --” He’s babbling, and Cas’ eyebrows are drawing together in confusion, and oh, god, Dean can’t believe he’s wrecked this before it’s even started.
The drive to Palisade is, predictably, tense. Charlie sits in the seat next to him, tapping away at her computer and somehow getting wi-fi or data or whatever even while they drive through vast stretches of flat, empty land. She glances at him every once in a while, and Dean can tell she’s curious, wants to keep asking him questions, but his hands grip the steering wheel so tightly the leather squeaks under his fingers, eyes staring almost unblinking at the road before them. Every so often, she’ll give him an update during their ten hour journey:
“I --” he starts, then closes his mouth, pondering. “There have been moments of joy, I would say. Of relief. Contentment. But nothing close to the
Cas chuckles and shakes his head. “Right, of course. You wouldn’t be caught dead watching something like that.”
There’s a woman standing behind the checkout counter when he runs into the store, and he vaguely recognizes her as Nora. He’s seen her a few times when dropping Cas off in the mornings; he says she likes to come in and do a quick walkthrough before taking her daughter to school. No one else is in the store, thankfully.
They kiss for what feels like hours, until Dean’s lips feel blurry and wet, his hands running up and down Cas’ sides. Cas kisses up the length of Dean’s neck, sucks a mark behind his ear, rolls his hips down against Dean’s, pressing the lengths of their cocks together. Dean moans, tipping his head back against the pillows, skimming his fingers up Cas’ dick before wrapping his hand around him, and Cas groans against his collarbone, filthy and melodic. He shifts again, pressing his hips more firmly between Dean’s thighs, creating a space for himself as he leans up and digs through the bedside table for the lube kept there.
“Dean,” he says again, and Dean huffs a groan and tries to focus on the sensation of Cas stroking him, callused flesh warm and a little dry as he strokes Dean. Maybe a little too dry--they should think about moving this to the bedroom, soon.
Sam turns to him, naked relief on his face, and he folds Dean into a hug. “Yeah, we’re -- we’re all right. What about you?”
At the first bite, Castiel’s eyes widen almost comically, and he begins shoveling food into his mouth at a nearly alarming rate. Dean watches, slack jawed, as Castiel downs four of the pancakes in record time, and then starts in on the fluffy pile of eggs he’d taken for himself. “Whoa, buddy, slow down there!” Dean says. “You’re gonna make yourself sick at that pace. Food ain’t going anywhere, I promise.”
“It’s so great to meet you!” she says, stepping back and clapping her hands together. “Dean has mentioned picking up a new roommate a couple of times, but he’s been super locked down about the details. So, first question: light side or dark side?”
“What the hell are you even talking about! There’s nothing to tell!” Sam hisses, and his eyes dart to Castiel sitting next to him. “Even if there was, what makes you think
There’s a hot bubble of want in the pit of Dean’s stomach, his own hands delving beneath Cas’ ever-present coat and suit jacket to scrabble at his tucked-in shirt. He pulls it up, rests his hands on the warm skin of Cas’ sides, sharp hip bones melding with muscle.
“Maybe food first?” he suggests, and Cas looks pointedly at his shredded, bloody pants leg. Ah, right. “Um, delivery?” he says instead.
“Sammy, you okay?” Dean says, brow furrowing. “Sammy?” Fear joins the slick unease floating in his stomach.
A large part of Dean wants to spend the rest of the evening sulking in his room over his apparently god-given makeout ability being taken away, but Cas won’t let him. “Just because you can’t remember how to do it doesn’t mean you can’t learn again,” he says, and Dean has to admit that’s a strong argument, especially when paired with Cas’ earnest look.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Do you really think Chuck would put that much effort into inconveniencing you?” he asks.
“It’s been… interesting,” Cas offers, just as their waiter, Ralph, stops at their table to take their orders. Dean gets a loaded burrito (as always); Sam gets the three taco platter (also as always); Cas frowns at his menu for one last moment and orders the shrimp tacos.
“I’m holding you to that,” she says. “And seriously, if you change your mind about looking for Cas--”
Sam smiles again. “Rowena put that up after the last time you were here and you spilled your coffee all over the spell she’d spent two days setting up. Most of our rules are Dean rules, now that I think about it.”
Swallowing faintly, Castiel nods. “Yes. I know my name but nothing else. Dean found me yesterday morning, in an alley near his work.”
Dean considers how quickly he could suffocate himself with one of the pillows on his bed currently. Not that long, probably. Hell, with the way things were going, he might even be able to actually do it. Or would he
“Just some texting,” he mutters, shoving his hands in his pockets. “We talked on the phone a week or two ago, and I mentioned doing lunch again, but he blew me off. Again. Said that when he’s not working, he’s sleeping, and that I need to mind my own business, basically.”
Dean drags a hand down his face, and in that moment he looks so tired that even Castiel, a being who understands the concept of exhaustion more as a metaphysical aspect of the self than as the physical sensations he felt during his brief time as a human, feels it in his bones. “Cas,” he starts, then drops off for a moment, eyes unfocused as he stares at a point over Castiel’s shoulder. He closes them, swallowing hard. “Cas,” he says again, eyes still closed, “let’s look here first. You don’t have to do this alone, and neither does Jack.” He opens his eyes, gaze locked with Castiel’s own, and there’s a deep hurt in them. Along with a deep hope. “Sam and I, we want to help. I swear.”
“Exactly,” Rowena interrupts him. “While the residue still within Castiel is a bit more substantial than a shard of bone, I cannot simply track down the source it was taken from and slot it back in. It would be a long, complicated process that would, most likely, do more harm than good.”
Castiel backs up a bit and shrugs. “I feel much better than before, though my head still feels… strange,” he says.
Sam’s fists clench at his sides, his jaw trembling as he says, “I wish you would trust me. What happened before isn’t happening again. I’m not using vervenalin, this isn’t some other drug, this is real! I don’t know what else to say!”
He’d taken Cas fishing here a couple of times; taken Jack as well. It was just close enough to the bunker to be easy to get to, but far enough away that it was special. Whenever it was him and Cas, they’d get up early and share a steaming thermos of coffee between the two of them as they sat waiting for a bite, even though Cas had no need for either caffeine or warmth. There would be an almost meditative silence between them, comfortable and easy as birds sang in the trees surrounding them. They’d talk sometimes, but never about anything difficult. Those quiet moments were too precious.
At this moment, though, everything seems to be going right, and Dean should probably be suspicious about that, but he’s finding it hard to care. Because Cas is laid out before him on the bed, shirt unbuttoned and hair a mess from where Dean’s been running his fingers through it. He’s straddling Cas, working their hips together in short, jerky thrusts as they kiss, and they’re both still wearing their boxers but it’s fine, it’s amazing actually, the heat and pressure growing exponentially between them, the friction just this side of
There’s a trickle of water slowly traveling from the edge of Cas’ temple down the side of his cheek, and Dean can’t tear his eyes away from it. “Glad you’re havin’ a good time, buddy,” he says weakly, willing his heart to stop pounding so hard in his chest. Everything’s fine. Cas is safe. All Dean has to do is go change into his actual trunks, drink beer, and flip a few burgers later. He’s
Swallowing against an instinctive burst of fear, Dean glares right back at him. “I already told you I wouldn’t make you go to a hospital,” he snaps. “If I was lying, you’d already be at one. Are you gonna trust me or not?”
Dean groans and rubs the heels of his hands into his eyes, pushing hard enough that multicolored lights burst behind his eyelids. “Alright,” he says. “I need a break. Anything but this right now.” He stands up and stretches, listening to the pops in his back. “Want a beer?”
