“I could not prevent him from getting hurt.”
The windy air sings around them, carrying the salty smell of fish from the docks way down past Skarmouth. Sherlock’s heart is beating in his chest, thrumming with thought while he leads the stallion out of the stables. In the grass, Redbeard leans his head down to tear at it, Musgrave padding over to wind around his legs. The stallion munches noisily as Sherlock throws the saddle blanket over his back.
situation,” Sherlock says, annoyed with John’s cool exterior. He throws up an arm and gestures around them, where tourists are crowding every meter of land. A Scorpio rhythm drifts on the wind, along with the passing scent of seasalt and November cake glaze.
Then the Races are over.
He wouldn't be surprised if the
Sherlock is soaking wet and standing on the beach, running his palm over Gladstone’s long face. Upon realizing what he is doing, he wrenches his hand away from the ghostly mane and nostrils that should be blowing out hot air. Right. Gladstone is yet unmoved. Sherlock’s never been able to take the time to observe every individual hair on his nose before. Nor has he ever been brave enough.
John walks to the edge of Sherlock’s fingers, and points at the handle of the broadsword. Sherlock dutifully lifts him.
Such a statement is too tantalizing to ignore. “Why?”
“No,” John pats the pants and jumper in Sherlock's arms, then reaches forward the snake the towel off of Sherlock’s shoulders. It leaves him cold. “Gladstone’s manure keeps them away.”
Everything inside of him urges him not to step forward. Gladstone’s head is low, swathed in sharp shadows, bent as he pretends to investigate the sand, facing away from Sherlock.
Father Stamford says in that proclaiming voice he has as John and Sherlock pass into the sizeable crowd. He’s at the cliffside, standing before the bonfire and preaching to the gathering of mourners. The dying flecks of glowing embers drift past him, over his shoulders and out to the expanse of the water. Smoke turns over and into the night.
What was his fear ever for? The night of the storm, how John felt the visceral need to leave and help the Stockyard, a place that has never helped him, his fear was felt for nothing. In hindsight, looking backwards, he feels stupid for ever experiencing the emotion.
“Have a look, Holmes,” Anderson smirks, starting forwards. Sherlock resists the urge to lean back. He’s had far too many men far too close to him tonight, “Have a look.”
Watson laughs, “I’m sorry if I dragged you to the Yard. I really didn’t mean to. I… I just know that you’re going to have your fair share of trouble by the time of the Races.”
Donovan's mouth pops open, but she follows, still struck. “How does he know it’s
The flat is dark, otherwise. Sherlock sits on the ground before the castle. It must be a meter by a meter. Perhaps less, one way or the other, because Lestrade did after all manage to get it through the door, no thanks to Sherlock. The make-up of it is very well done, he can agree with Lestrade’s initial assessment. There are several tall pillars, made of stone and carved to look as though it’s composed of tiny, hand-laid bricks. The courtyard is dustily painted, with mock, empty stables half-hidden in shadow beneath the towers.
“Wouldn’t it be a shame if one came inland?”
Sherlock pokes at the gatehouse, and the chapel, and then lowers his head a little to peer into the abandoned stables. Nothing.
Clearly, it’s a hit list, of sorts. It’s a bit surprising that this circle of gamblers is risking this so close to the date of the Races. Then again, the resident police force is already busy with the influx of tourists and crime related to that, and less concerned with a rider who has been, supposedly, killed by his own
But then he’s stumbling, tripping over his own hooves, his own ankles and desideratum, the urge to flee. Selfishly, Sherlock does not care that Redbeard may strike a half-hidden rock that the grass growing high and brown may conceal. What matters is that he gets away from the mess, away from the questions that have been seeded and sewed like strangling ivy--
Sherlock holds his breath.
Sherlock’s hand pauses mid-air, flagging a cab. Is that some sort of size joke? God, the smile is nearly audible in John’s voice. Sherlock resists an irritated groan.
It’s funny. Sherlock never heard the doors open. The windows are locked. Street ones are too out in the open - the one in the kitchen is closed behind him.
Sherlock remains silent, hands in pockets, staring into the shimmering surface of the dark water as the wind blows his hair back.
Sherlock glances away, humming in approval and feigning disinterest. When Lestrade’s heavy footfalls fade, he slips to the window. A beat as 221’s door closes, and below, Lestrade climbs into the cruiser. The anxious crawl of Sherlock’s skin wanes as the car disappears around the street corner.
“Yes. Yeah, yes, I’m angry.”
John nudges his ankle between Sherlock’s, turning them and knocking the back of Sherlock’s legs up against the edge of the mattress. Reeling, Sherlock sits, angling away from John’s mouth and cold now that John’s warmth has left him. His mind has gone fuzzy around the borders, goes blanker still when John sways down and kisses him with new urgency.
He thinks of swallows and terns and can only picture them dipping through the air to nests hidden in Stockyard barns, or slipping against wind along the cliffs, where John and he had raced, their red underbellies and strange two-note songs. When he thinks of his own survival come the first of November, his thoughts lead to Mary and Gladstone, hot breath and flat teeth and the dead dog, and the white mare with the emblem that had knocked John to the sand. Even picturing Mrs Hudson is no good, because he is only reminded of how she fawned over John.
Watson tries to remedy, “Holmes and his island horse...?”
“Your shoulder, the wider impression of the mattress underneath me, a hundred things, John. Your back.”
“Or your housekeeper?”
Sherlock says bluntly, “We’ve been over that.”
It’s as if the screaming is the only sound in the world.
Something is begging Sherlock to ask that question, the one that oversteps this line drawn before him in the sand.
He untacks the stallion, and shuts the stall door. Redbeard nickers softly, worn out. Sherlock throws in a few flakes of dry Thisby hay into the stall, and, when Josephine next door snorts in jealousy, he throws a few into hers, as well.
Something in him is thrumming, and yet his heart refuses to beat. His head is full of saltwater, rushing in from his ears, amplifying the puttering of the crowds around them on the cliffs. Scorpio drums are pounding over the sulky blows of the wind into chalk, beating out a familiar rhythm to tune along to the final race.
He should be up there, ahead, that big black shadow of Gladstone and point of stillness that no one seems to touch. But he isn’t. Dread flutters in Sherlock’s heart, his ribs ache and his thigh quakes as he strains to keep his heels down. He risks a glance to the water - far away, in the waves, a head emerges here, an ear there, or a shoulder elsewhere. The ocean, tumultuous and unpredictable.
Is he really going to tell her? He supposes there's no harm. “The Stockyard is where I was. I apologize for not coming back earlier.”
Sherlock stops a scowl from sprouting onto his face.
John lifts from Gladstone’s salty hide and wonders at him, an enraptured expression. His eyes fill with understanding.
“Not so right for her,” John says softly.
His hand splays, covering the creases in Sherlock’s shirt.
John grins at him, “You can’t imagine how much it is.”
“What, do you think there’s a lethal amount of flour that he could’ve eaten in a single tart?” Utterly disgusting, Lestrade’s thought process is today. Sherlock tells him so and Lestrade frowns, scrubbing a hand through his silver hair, leaving it sticking out all over his head. “Draw blood, look for somewhere around… twenty or thirty milligrams of strychnine.”
“I'm not-- I'm not calling you a fool. I am sorry, I am! Only, you've lived here all your life, you should know they can't be controlled. They're wild animals.”
Everything he needs is at his fingertips a few furlongs away. John beside him, doubtless and strong, Redbeard throwing himself onward beneath. Supernatural muscles flex beneath Gladstone’s shivering hide, working hard to keep pace.
The great black stallion moves, and circles around to Redbeard’s shivering side, leaving only a few feet between the two horses.
John shucks his waistcoat, and his fingers fumble to work open the buttons on his undershirt. It’s more sensual than when he’d been undoing Sherlock’s for him, this watching John. Little by little, John’s hands reveal everything, his tanned, gently sloping musculature, the gnarled knot of scar tissue at his shoulder - the cause of his psychosomatic limp. The accident at the end of last year’s Races, the intrigue of which was not the initial draw of Sherlock to John but certainly a factor.
What’s wrong with the water horse? These tourists circled around the show must be moved, Sherlock can hardly see.
of tired horses, sleepy ponies, rustling in the hay on their floors, or in the sand by their hooves.
. It doesn’t seem fair to Redbeard.
“This year, yes. Moriarty will be trying to buy her after the Races. That is,” Watson drops his voice, “If she hasn't killed everyone and gone into the sea again.” A pause. Sherlock watches a seabird fly near the cliffs over past Watson's shoulder. "I could show you a real horse. Gladstone doesn't do them justice."
John is standing close to the radiator by the stove, laying out the wet papers while Mrs Hudson talks at him, rather than to him, in a constant spiel about… something or other. The radio is still on, tuned to some hearty late-night music from the mainland stations, fuzzy in some necessary parts of the song.
“You inferred it out of nothing.”
“There’s a woman living here with me,” Sherlock begins, ignoring John’s surprised, almost suspicious eyes—
But neither of them mention that.
The man frowns and turns to Hope, like he's just realized who he's insulting and what Sherlock is capable of dredging up from his past. Hope’s grey mare makes a hissing sound high in her throat as the chestnut regards Redbeard, legs cramping and feet leaving the ground for half a second before they return, shaking as they ever did at the scent of the sea.
trigger warnings for past suicidal ideation.
tries to wade deeper into the water, half-leaping, half-swimming, the water frothing white beneath it, and Sherlock bursts into movement. He takes a deep breath, tries not to think of the dozens of
John reaches up, and Sherlock’s hair is tousled beneath the towel John throws over his head. Sherlock scoffs, and when John gives up his assault, glares.
“Yoo-hoo, boys,” Mrs Hudson calls, drawing their attentions and eyes to the kitchen, where she has popped out from behind the door frame, “I’ve got the kettle on, Doctor Watson, what do you take in your tea?”
“You know what I am willing to give.”
Sherlock feels the packet with the pads of his fingers. There are no hard bits all around the bottom, but the flatness of a slice of parchment, instead. “It must be a letter. We’ve already received the seeds, he knows we’ve gotten the point of them.”
white mane.
“You’re right about that,” John says, folding his arms across the broad of his chest.
They have no need for these shops. Thisby does. Riders do.
Sherlock can read a lifetime off of that wristwatch, and on the faded
“Get off him. And back up. Slowly.”
“It’s a game, John. The files held hard evidence to the murder, proof of poison. You said it yourself, in the pub - Moriarty is the biggest importer and exporter on the island. It would be nothing to slip poison into his usual delivery. The fairytale, however, doesn’t point to any one person, unless.” He glances to John, sinking his focus into John’s handsome face. He smiles, tracking the lines around John’s eyes. “Unless, one is already familiar with the murderer. Brilliant, John.”
Now, what to wear over this shirt? Nothing pressed, it’s cloudy today and may rain, but his favorite heavy long coat is still upstairs drying. Maybe Mrs Hudson can help him with it.
He presses down, and Sherlock grits his teeth, clenching his stomach and trying to push back against the man’s weight.
Low tide has come and gone, and autumn has picked up. Heavy clouds rush by in the strengthening wind above, obscuring the night sky. A light rain begins to fall, pattering the earth slippery and damp. This night after the Races oppresses Sherlock same as the morning had.
The muscles in John’s arm flex as he hauls Sherlock closer, the simple act a show of strength in itself, throwing Sherlock’s nerves ablaze and forcing a new, heated desire into his abdomen. Sherlock lets out a noise. It muffles against their kiss, and John pulls back just far enough to place another kiss on the corner of his open mouth, keeping their faces and bodies close. A thumb inexplicably sweeps along the ridge of Sherlock’s cheek, another beside his exposed neck.
“No.”
John frowns. “He’s… still looking for what killed him?”
Finally, he pulls out an old shirt and his dressing gown, changing quickly and continuously drying his hair with the towel. He’ll finish styling it in a moment, he thinks as he pulls on a comfortable pair of trousers instead of some horrible jumper. John has, after all, seen him in much worse. He frowns. But also much better.
As an afterthought, Sherlock stands and checks his own compartment, the location memorized, but there is nothing there, and he frowns again.
Moriarty tsks, eyes flicking away to look at a painting of thoroughbreds on a cliff over his windows. “No spoiling. Sherlock would do anything to achieve his ends. He might as well have told me as much. Would you do the same?”
“Do you think I’m searching for your approval?”
John’s hand slips down Sherlock’s shoulder so that he is instead holding his upper arm, very close now, Sherlock’s other side presses to the wall. He’s absolutely trapped between John and the office wall.
“Not that long, then.”
“How did you know?”
John barely knows him, yet he shot and killed a man for Sherlock, and injured another. He’s… unsure of what to make of this.
The mystery envelopes him. It carries him away like a high wind over moorland. Magic and miniature knights and enigmatic, ancient swords have flooded his haywire brain. How to solve a case that makes no logical sense.
Watson holds it up, and looks at his wrist. He takes the reins in hand again, as the water horse rumbles lowly, again the sound Sherlock can feel in the stirrups tucked under his feet. Redbeard quivers. “What about it?”
Mrs Hudson’s house (and subsequently, Sherlock’s, for the next year, when Mycroft’s forward payments catch up with Sherlock) is very far away from town. It’s on the windward side of the island, and strong breezes always rip through the screen doors when they come through. Birds nestle in the attic above the two-stall stable, and all the sides in the house heave with the weather.
Unhurriedly, Sherlock unfolds the paper.
“He did fish me out of the quay,” Sherlock agrees through his chattering teeth. A tingling builds up, and he turns his head and sneezes. If he gets ill, he doesn’t know what he’ll do.
“On?”
Sherlock approaches, sand and pebbles crunching under his shoes, pretending to be wary and emboldened with an aching lip. He avoids stepping on a small stray dog as he walks. It yips and the blonde mare huffs out a hungry breath through her nose. It curls in the cold air, but is gone nearly immediately, the thickening wind sweeps it away, blowing the foul smell towards Sherlock.
“Of course it was me. You already knew that. Don’t act surprised.” Sherlock hands the seashell back. When will John find the time to throw it over the cliff edges and make his wish into the wind?
He's rooted to the spot.
John laughs a little. It's enough. He leans their foreheads together, Sherlock stooping uncomfortably low to steady himself. Warmth tips over from John’s skin, seeping into Sherlock’s skull. Perhaps, like this, John could read his thoughts.
“He told you this?”
John hums and Sherlock sees his smile in his peripheral, the rise in his cheeks and the cobalt and gold reflected by the kitchen lamp in his eyes. He swaps the full-body shot for the one of the man’s face. There’s that sore again.
Sherlock refuses to let anyone touch his leg, not even to let them hide it for newspapers. “This is what the Races look like. Photograph that,” he argues, which ends the stream of people wanting to take his picture.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, lips parting in a heavy sigh. “John saw half as much as I did, which was nothing. However, I have the photographs and report.” He produces the stack of papers, crumpled with dried saltwater but hardly smeared, from under his arm. “But I need to see the contents of the man’s pockets.”
There have been hints of it, fleeting glances into the depths and vigor of his wide-casting net. The poisoned tourist, so clearly Moriarty’s work but without hard proof and evidence or a confession to an officer, had only been the smallest glimpse into his world, an crime untouchable to anything but Sherlock’s own intuition. To insinuate that he is involved with Mr Haverford and the death of his son is another glimpse; to threaten to have anyone who cares for Sherlock is another, gone in an instant.
Fletcher shakes his head, backing away and already disappearing into the crowds. “Not today, sorry.”
“What?”
Trembling. John's breathing is… fast. It hadn't occurred that John was taking a risk. When this sinks in, that John is also nervous, Sherlock relaxes a tremendous amount. He gives in, shifts backwards.
“Poor Redbeard,” John says, pulling on the corded reins, “I only meant to frighten
John looks at him. After a quiet second, he pulls the evidence papers from Sherlock’s frozen grasp.
John is here. His chest squeezes, tightens, stealing his oxygen and replacing it with airy lovesickness. Redbeard stumbles, and Sherlock kicks him forward. Gladstone quickens to match them, powerful stride tearing through the surf against his every instinct, white braids whipping in the wind.
“Second one to the end, and the last one, let’s go -- Klemp, get that out of here! You don't have time for that!” John interjects to shout at an exceptionally short man who is squeaking his way down the walk with a wheelbarrow. A thoroughbred whinnies.
every year, and under the guise of buying island ponies and those half-breeds, he watches for the Beast that killed his father.” He pauses. “Don’t you see how he looks at Gladstone? Fear,
“And there he is,” John’s voice is carried to Sherlock by the wind - it smoothes over the nerves on his arms and back, and seems to lie flat his hair. Away from the edges of the cliffs, Sherlock turns to watch him approach. Redbeard spots them a moment later, jerking away. For a prey animal, it must be unsettling to have the senses fail at detecting a predator that now lies within striking distance. “Thought you might’ve been pulling another fast one over me.”
Eventually, John stirs, and Sherlock doesn’t bother to hide his stare.
Traditionally, it’s a murderous, desperate night. “You did say it was… fun.” Sherlock lowers the magazine a fraction, just some bumbling article about old music and new radios, and peers over at Mrs Hudson.
“Someone with access to the mainland regularly enough to buy the monkshood, but they need a reason to kill a sick man. Lestrade, I need the man’s visitation file. He didn’t visit the Stockyard,” Sherlock turns to confirm with John, who nods, incredibly invested, “and he isn’t a monger. Not a gambler either, he only came for the community of Thisby. He would’ve marked ‘pleasure’ in his file, and although he is the same way at home on the mainland, he evidently irritated someone local.”
Resolving to clean out Redbeard’s stall tomorrow, to line it with the cheap hay, now useless, Sherlock proceeds into the house.
He is, nonetheless, disinclined to mention it should he pull too taunt, apply pressure and break something.
Stickiness clings to Sherlock’s belly as evidence, smeared between him and John’s heavy weight. His senses filter in, slowly expanding from the pinhole of focus on taste and touch that he’d been grasping for. The shivering in his legs, weariness of his quadriceps from clenching around John’s body for so long, is without end. Sherlock relaxes his arms over John’s perspiring shoulders, allowing them to drop away as John shifts.
John pulls the stool out again and sits down, feet on the low bar. Sherlock’s reach the floor. As John sits, his skin brushes by Sherlock's, elbow on the bar. John’s arms are hairy, but his skin is smooth like polished sea glass. Shivers run all through him.
In the end, John does not ask him not to race. Sherlock can see he’d like to, but John respects him too much to try.
“Do all water horses truthfully run to the water?” Sherlock traces the movement of his script.
John shakes his head, and a man with his group pass behind him to get to the bar, though John isn’t jostled while the men call out for Janine’s bartending attention.
John looks up at the sound from across the hall, up to Sherlock’s emergence from the shadowed room.
The goddess’ eye of shale winks in the light. Sherlock can hear the distant roar of the sea.
John registers this, too, and begins to eye the darkness off the path more suspiciously.
One implication, and the tone for the entire interaction has been set. What a disgusting one it is.
Great shapes blow near from behind and they streak past, climbing the sand and shrieking at one another. They must untangle themselves from the scuffles of the beginning, or they’ll fall pummel to those crystalline hooves. Teeth snap by Redbeard’s hock as he kicks up, flinging sand into the snout of a
John slows them, surveying Sherlock’s face, his gaze bouncing down to Sherlock’s lips and back up, concern plainly written in the line between his brow. He opens his mouth as they hit the gravel path outside the looming manor, and suddenly Sherlock cannot bear to hear his questions. Not after Moriarty had controlled their conversation so intensely. Sherlock cuts him off.
The commands make even Sherlock jerk back. A dog’s dead, a man’s lost his fingers, and another one is dancing with lightly-coloured death. Is he the only one not going mad? Tangling with the blonde mare, the man’s apparent calamity is more unsettling than reassuring. There is strength in the cords of muscle prominent in his bare arms, but he is not panicked, and surely it must be a mistake, to be unafraid like this. Somewhere else down the beach, two horses rear up to fight, their handlers desperately trying to pull them apart.
John’s eyebrows raise into his wind-blown fringe. He grins. “Bees,” he repeats, slowly, like Sherlock can be coaxed into divulging more heartfelt secrets.
There’s a silence. It’s nasty, and Sherlock is left contemplating the validity of his answer in the wake of it. Now that John’s not talking, he feels stupid about his response. He wonders how John felt, when he left the mainland. Did he ever consider that place his home? Does he consider Thisby that?
Sherlock half-smiles. “Yes. It is.” He goes silent as he spins around his room to another desk. This one full of equipment and old books, and he swings a large magnifying glass over a lamp, sticking the envelope between. Here, he can see how thick the paper is, and the seeds as a shadow inside. No writing. “No note,” Sherlock says, and John says something positive behind his shoulder.
with an alarmed rider poses before him, mouth wide open, a string of bells wound around both of its forelegs. In another place, a horse is snaking its head low to the beach at another felled rider, and yet another is escaping into the ocean, saltwater spraying around it.
John catches this and raises his brows, crossing his arms. “Unless the file thief stole that first…?” He leads slowly.
“No, I mean, the ocean would get them. Leaving it, I mean.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. Sherlock leans forward, grasping the shoulder of John’s jacket and trailing down gently, squeezing his bicep. Yes, he understands, he knows, it is
. Had there once been a set of them?
“There was. He’s a bastard, I’ve known forever. Can’t say why I never
You thought you could change all of Thisby…”
Still, Sherlock’s mouth pops open. He struggles, then, “The rain won’t be enough to wash the powder burns from your fingers.”
He watches the activities from above instead, his mind whirling.
"Murder," Sherlock says tacitly, smiling, and sweeps away.
John adjusts the rear view mirror for his height, then sits up near the top of the seat. Sherlock points out an adjuster beneath the seat. John says something like
the lil horse leg science bit in the middle is from here!
(See the end of the chapter for
“...many years ago, we used to slaughter the man that would not race!” Fletcher shouts. A shape, dark in firey shadow, moves behind him - the head of a horse. Sherlock’s heart leaps to his throat.
Moriarty grins wildly, utterly pleased with himself.
How can John know him through his mouth so well, after only an hour spent together on these cliffs? The wind blows against the chalk. John is soft, like he has been since he struck up this odd acquaintance with Sherlock, but now there is nothing repressed in his voice. It seems he has said all he has ever wanted to this afternoon. Sherlock’s answer takes a long time to emerge from his mouth. John doesn't press him, he spends the few silent moments listening intently to Sherlock's quiet.
“I’m serious, Sherlock. We,
peers down its sloped nose at Sherlock silently, tracking his movement down the aisle. An empty stall that used to hold Beryl passes by, and the long shadows stuffed into high ceiling corners take the shape of Moriarty’s figure.
sherlock: *goes to molly to complain about his love life*
Sherlock hesitates, and it must be obvious, because John’s mouth flattens out from the beautiful smile with a surprised cough. “I’m not trying to pull anything,” John manages, “I'm making sure you won't get hypothermia, influenza, a cold. You're covered in the ocean, and you're shaking like a leaf.”
“Yes. And so are you.”
He's slightly disappointed that all the commotion hasn't diffused the floral scent of spring.
“She’ll be difficult,” John says, then gets distracted by the roar of a car engine, not Sherlock’s, don’t bother, “—difficult to handle as she’s being shipped,” John says cautiously, glancing around as he does it. He’ll always warn people against buying these horses — even if he’s not from here, doesn’t belong, the
They can dance, like this, the two of them. Sherlock will pretend to understand what is going on behind Moriarty’s stare, while Moriarty does the same. It is impossible that Moriarty can really know. He is an expert manipulator.
Sherlock tucks his chin against his neck and the rest of his chins make an appearance. “Mycroft is enough of a sister for me.”
Sherlock leans back, and Redbeard tucks his head against his neck. “Who would notice me?” Sherlock snarls. No. That's not the right question. Plenty of people would notice him, doing what he's doing and riding Redbeard, but who would
A heartbeat passes.
Sherlock glances across the sand - Moriarty is coming down the dunes.
“You haven’t a horse to race with.”
His fingers wiggle on Sherlock's stomach. It tickles, and Sherlock tries not to let it disrupt his experience.
brand.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at the envelope. He glances up and away from it, to the paper lanterns strung above them, to Gladstone’s dead-eyed stare, to the dark buildings in the blackness all around them.
All he can hear is the throbbing scream, the piercing whinnies of the thoroughbreds in the stalls. The panicked, rhythmic clapping of powerful hooves on strong wood. “Stay with me,” John demands, and Sherlock creeps closer to his side. Inside of him, something rank and curling is rebelling at the thought of being so near a
At the small of his back, Sherlock clutches his wrist.
Sherlock smiles at this, because the impression he gets is John trying to find a way to wheedle Gladstone away from the Stockyard.
“I’m glad I’ve caught the pair of you,” Stamford says. He looks off-beat, unhappy against the pale moonlight. There has just been a funeral, Sherlock reminds himself, but this doesn’t seem to be the reason why, exactly, Mike looks like this. He seems as worried as when he'd seen Sherlock pledging his name at the tavern. “I thought I’d catch you, John, but Sherlock, I needed you, as well.” This is different, like Stamford has a secret. He leans closer.
When he’s sitting comfortably, it hits him just how tall these horses are. There's no hope of his feet ever touching the ground, not even if Gladstone were to lie down on his belly. Sherlock looks to John, who presses the palm of his hand against Gladstone’s blackened nose, so close to those teeth, the teeth that killed a man, such a short while ago.
There rises a high whinny, one that Sherlock had heard many times. Redbeard dislikes the weather. Sherlock is very familiar with this sound.
“Everyone on the island is an idiot. What did you hear?” Sherlock demands, because obviously it’s something. Why should John bring it up now? What rumors of Sherlock did John hear before their official meeting? Sherlock has never, not once, been portrayed well in a story.
“If not-dying is your cup of tea.” John raises his thermos, then sets it down on the grass beside him.
“Because everyone else wants to see how violent they'll be this year, and no one wants to test it out first for themselves.”
“Hope,” he says, hands over the man’s face, “tell me. What we spoke of before, on the cliffs. You must tell me.”
"You remembered him."
“You could find out. Just how I can find out that Miss Donovan’s in the other room, just like I found out that your
John pulls away for a moment, his eyes still closed, and breathes a laugh against Sherlock’s mouth. “All I taste is salt,” he says. The hard line of his palm is still sturdy and comforting and affectionate against Sherlock’s face, his other a warm bloom over Sherlock’s neck.
“You won’t understand.”
They’re getting further from the slope they’d come down on, now, sweeping along the beach, walking next to the shore, and around the cove, shouldered by devastating cliffs on either side and stretching ocean before it on the other. He watches a few terns ride the breezes into holes in the cliff walls, disappearing into nooks that have been carved out over generations by the wind.
Sherlock swallowed and looked to the floor, shaking like a leaf where he stood. There was a rap at the door and both men jumped, Sherlock quickly unlocking it and standing back.
"His brother bred him. The whole litter, besides Merrick, went for hunting. Sherlock has always had a soft spot for dogs. People, not so much," Greg answered.
The burns were still there from the war but the tightness around James's eyes had disappeared. He smiled softly and John wondered how it was that he'd never met this man on the battlefield. And then, he supposed, there was the answer. The battlefield was what brought that tightness, that downward turn of the lip. Somehow James had figured out how to leave it behind.
"Roll them up and get in," Sherlock said. "There's plenty of new life just here. Tadpoles and water-skippers and fish eggs."
Watsonj2002:
After a few minutes of massaging John was able to stretch and brush his teeth in the small basin before pulling a coat on and going to look for William.  As he left the cabin, cold morning air biting at his nose and fingers, he wondered if the man had slept at all. He couldn't remember a time when he had seemed the least bit drowsy.
Not sure exactly what else to write.
Do you write?
John snorted and reached out for the bottle.
"The clippings are just..." Sherlock said, pulling a box from beneath the sofa and tossing the lid off.
John barely had time to set the laptop aside before he was following the mad man out the front door and down the alley.
"I'm not going to do this if-" Greg began.
"Not the club," Mycroft agreed, sliding across the seat and letting Greg drop in next to him.
She narrowed her eyes but acquiesced. "Just this once."
He'd convinced himself in the fifteen (not bloody five) minutes since their little tussle with the baddie in the hallway that he wasn't attracted to John. That he was interested in him intellectually, and that was it. He told himself that the man might come in handy somewhere down the line. The second they were sitting across from each other in the small booth at the Indian restaurant, that sureness disappeared.
Sherlock grunted and unbuttoned John's trousers, undid his zip, and pulled them down to his thighs. He smiled, a bit lopsided as it was, as John's thick cock sprung free and seemed to grow thicker under his gaze.
He can also feel the attention of every
Sherlock next glowers up at Hope. He almost wants to stick out his tongue - but the situation is too dire for that, so early. He almost wants to laugh.
“He also might have told me as much, that I’d done something wrong by letting you go that first time. He told me I ought to have a different conversation with you. I promised him I would, if he gave me something too.”
Sherlock purses his lips.
Unwilling to let John know that he’s right, that Sherlock does have somewhere to be, Sherlock keeps a persistent quiet, knitting his mouth shut.
“Your shoulder.”
Watson laughs, “I feel as though I should be the one asking that.”
John laughs.
Incredibly, Gladstone perseveres, John is keeping him focused. The night-black water horse tears ahead through a gap between two bay mares who seem to be trotting in comparison.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, settling an elbow on the bar. He fingers the side of his notebook, scratching his nail on the spine. “Lestrade won’t get very far with his investigation. I do so hate admitting it, but he was correct in his assumption that the fishermen will refuse to speak with him.”
“No, it doesn’t! Moriarty is
What are you
Thanks for reading and leave a comment if you feel like it! ;)
Silence is not a problem. Still, Sherlock finds himself longing to talk with John. “What are you writing?” He asks, although he knows it's John’s helpful hints and reminders to himself about the competition.
start.”
“The men from the Stockyard!” Molly exclaims, then bites down so sharply her teeth audibly clack together. She looks frustrated for a moment, then focuses back on Sherlock, who does not cower. “You know as well as I do, they’re always getting the first water horses.”
Sherlock turns, an irritated look upon his face.
Moriarty dips into his pressed suit pocket. The shoulders are dark with rainwater.
“Don’t say it hasn’t been a problem before. Don’t lie to me. I can’t, Sherlock, if you’re going to lie. Not when it comes to him.”
Sherlock’s never been swayed. It isn't really his area, this whole,
back. Her long nostrils flare red and ears pin back at his words, iron chain draped over his face all that is keeping her from running to the ocean. Smoothly she moves, she is always listening.
It's John Watson, standing across from the mare goddess, adorned in full costume.
John hitches the leg back up, bent, and it cages Sherlock in. Perhaps it’s the nightmare that has softened Sherlock so.
Sherlock is already planning on retrieving them tonight. It’s entirely plausible that he will not live another week, what with the Races, and he longs to solve the confusing case before then. If he can get the photographs and report, there will be a higher chance of finding clues as to who could be the poisoner.
“Beryl. She almost died in your keep.”
The man yells, “We can't get them quiet! You get one calmed and the others work it up again!”
John shakes his head. There is something deeply moving about John’s presence, the way he holds his head and doesn’t look at Sherlock when he talks. “I raced seven years ago, for the first time, and won them five times since. For those first ten years, though, I would see him in the water, or on the cliffs, like he was waiting.”
Snapping the door closed, Sherlock throws himself into the sofa, falling into cushions that are not nearly as comfortable to be on top of as the man that lay here just hours ago. He could turn on the radio, study his photographs and the evidence that that blasted man from last night had tried so hard to be rid of. He tries. doesn’t feel right to go and obtain the other wolfsbane envelope without John, who is the reason for the discovery at all.
John shoves his hand against Gladstone’s chest, slapping it once - the
A land-going, lake-dwelling relative of the
“Someone still could have smuggled something in,” John says, “It isn’t hard to not declare something.”
Energy fizzles in Sherlock’s blood, buzzing beneath his skin. It’s coming together. “Yes, definitely, a mistake has been made, and it isn’t
.” Stupid things he'd never deigned to believe in. He’d threatened the younger boys in school with sea wishes, if he was feeling as though he was under attack. It came to a point where over half of the school believed Sherlock was a witch, because he could tell who’s parents were getting a divorce and whose were eaten by a water horse last autumn by only looking at their shoes.
“DI Greg Lestrade, Mr Watson.”
that may all fall upon him the moment the Races begin.
Always having the sneaking suspicion that Mycroft was involved when Lestrade called upon him, Sherlock was lost in thought when he pulled on his Belstaff and tried to exit through the sitting room, and his foot struck something. He stumbled and stepped back, rewarded with the sight, in the dark, of the solemn castle, the solemn towers, and the solemn painted plywood base.
The bell chimes again over their heads as Sherlock pulls open the door for John.
Next is the tourist shop,
“Sherlock--”
Nothing, nothing, nothing.
Edit: you can view artwork by Bill-and-till on tumblr here!: https://fourthvvall.tumblr.com/post/186969459724/this-is-a-scene-taken-out-of-the-wonderful-fic-in
Sherlock is momentarily afraid and ashamed, both at once, but John’s eyes aren't on him.
Becoming distracted again, Moriarty faces the wind, blowing back his dark hair, and squinting into it, shielding the cigar with his hands. “We play the same game, you and I.”
Calmly, he flips the safety and drops his gun into the grass, turning to sweep into Sherlock. John shoves shaking hands into Sherlock’s sodden hair, drawing his face down until their lips connect messily. Crushing and taking, wet and hot.
running around crime-solving as promised... I didn’t know for the longest time how I was actually going to deliver on this, but we made it! Hope you enjoyed some classic Dynamiqué.
Sherlock breaks the surface again, and his feet find the sand, and he pulls Watson up with him.
Gladstone seems still, though his eyes are wild in his head, searching all around. He is bound by the bells around him, by the flowers that someone has put into his striking white mane. Unused to any charms, his pelt shakes and quivers violently. He is both afraid and hurt, and besides the pink around his mouth, he does not look like he killed a man anymore.
be tolerated. Sherlock was his.
John frowned, pushing his own plate away at the return to the topic of Jim’s ex. “Are you going to be all right on your own? I could…call in to work.”
“Ah…I don’t have the best whiskey, but I figured this was decent enough,” Jim said, still sounding slightly flustered, though he managed to keep his eyes on John’s face next time he turned around to had him the glass, the ice clinking softly as their fingers brushed in the pass off.
John, instead of looking insulted, beamed up at Sherlock. “So what makes you think, even for just a second, that I can’t feel the same way about you?” He lifted his fingers to cover Sherlock’s mouth when he moved to speak. “No, not yet. Let me finish. Sherlock…you were willing to have sex with me to keep me. Why can’t I be just as willing to give up sex to keep you?”
. It wasn’t that John was necessarily ignorant in the practice. Hell, as a doctor he’d had his fair share of fingers places, and he’d had some very adventurous girlfriends in his past, so it wasn’t even that he was a stranger to that sort of sex, but with another man? Would such a thing even turn him on?
“God, you’re something else entirely, aren’t you?” John asked, but he was smiling as he said it again, and he cupped Sherlock’s jaw to lightly kiss him. “Go on then. You take care of the bedroom, and I’ll clean up out here. And then I’m going to cuddle you all night long, all right?”
Once the room looked relatively normal again, Sherlock moved to quickly change into his pyjamas, though he didn’t feel quite comfortable enough to climb into bed to wait for John. He was still doubting that John meant what he said. Of course he would want sex. Of course he would leave, eventually, whether he got it or not. It was only a matter of time.
“-orry, sorry,” Jim was saying contritely as he straightened and glanced over his shoulder. “I was just trying to take a quick shower while the coffee brewed, forgot to turn off the alarm.”
He had, after being ignored for most of the day even though Sherlock was the one dragging him out of bed at the crack of dawn for no reason to run around London for clues before ending up at Bart’s, decided that they both could use a cup of coffee. Molly had made herself scarce after Sherlock had snapped at her, and John felt sorry for her, despite her habit of “forgetting” his name, but he also wished that she had stuck around to be the one to fetch coffee instead.
“John…” This time the bitten lip wasn’t an act, but it also wasn’t meant as an act of seduction either. “John, please…” he said, whispering the word he rarely if ever used.
Now, I had no intention of exposing myself like this to public, for this to be my first declaration to you, but you’re really being a child, Sherlock. You’re sulking and pouting and won’t even use that big pretty brain of yours to actually observe the truth, which is quite unlike you. I’m not running screaming for the hills because we kissed—snogged even—on more than one occasion a fortnight ago. I’m not running away because I felt your decidedly male body pressed close against mine. Even if I wasn’t madly in love with you, it was for a case.
, the googly eyes Watson sent to Sherlock, and even worse were returned by Sherlock, were nauseating. However, it was obvious that Watson was only just coming to terms with his sexuality, probably hadn’t even acknowledged his inevitable attraction to the detective for what it was, which made him easy prey.
“I’ll hold you to that,” Jim said, nudging his shoulder against John’s.
soon.” He chuckled, gathering up the empty bottles. “Since you’re staying, how about a little something stronger, as a nightcap?” he asked with a wink.
Sherlock nodded quickly, quite pleased with that idea after everything, and released John to dart into the bedroom. He pushed the multiple foil packets off the top of the bedside table and into a drawer, hesitating when the three economy size bottles of lube wouldn’t fit before deciding to just toss them under the bed. Right. There was also a pair of handcuffs, just in case, and those joined the condoms in the drawer.
Stepping forward, halting legs, John began picking up the room. He straightened the table of elements which had become eschewed on its hook, and he carefully folded the clothes strewn from the wardrobe. He set the pillows back on the bed, but paused at the frame cracked on the grown beneath. He picked it up, a shaky finger following the line of the crack over the glass covering, and he swallowed at the ebullient smile staring up at him. Perhaps one of the last times he’d looked so happy in his brother’s presence.
Jim gave a much throatier laugh, drinking deeply from his glass, causing John to unthinkingly do the same. “We can’t have that,” he said, squeezing John’s hand still on his knee, before sliding his hand further up John’s arm. “How do you suppose we ought to fix that?” he breathed.
kissed
- - - - - - - - - -
John returned the smile, leaning in again to kiss Jim once more. This kiss was just as tender as the one before, but the hint of heat whispered at the edges as John pulled Jim more tightly against him. Only when the need for air became too great did John part from Jim’s mouth. “Come to the clinic if you need anything,” John murmured. “Anything at all. Medical or otherwise.”
Also, tags and rating have been updated.
“Well, maybe I really like this one,” John said back, quickly slipping his phone back into his pocket as he moved to reach for his tea again, eyeing Sherlock in the other armchair. “Be nice to poor Mrs Hudson while I’m gone tonight, Sherlock,” he warned. “You just recently solved a murder, so you should be in high spirits.”
But was John ready for all that that entailed?
The smile Jim gave John at that word was almost blinding. He stepped forward, setting his cup carefully back in the holder before reaching into his back pocket for a pen. He then reached for one of John’s hands with a playful little wink and quickly scribbled on his palm. “Call me,” he said a little bashfully, before plucking his cup back up and stepping away. “Anytime.”
Right. Just because he saved the number, that didn’t mean he was actually going to call the man. Right?
“Good.”
“John,” the man repeated, almost softly, and nodded his head. “I’m Jim.”
“Jim,” John said forcefully. “It is a very big deal. You probably should have gone to hospital for all this,” he then gently reprimanded, moving to pull on fresh gloves before lightly tilting Jim’s head to better catch the lighting as he visually examined the injuries. “Do you want to tell me how this really happened?”
Everything had gone well those first few weeks after they officially became a couple—an occurrence that came about due to the adrenaline of running from a killer and collapsing together in a fit of laughter inside the walls of 221 Baker Street, which then led to Sherlock’s very inexperienced kissing—but that was because even John understood waiting for sex. Because he was, wasn’t he? John had to expect sex at some point, even if he said he understood Sherlock was asexual.
“Sorry,” the man sheepishly said, letting his shirt go with a shiver, and John thought he might have caught an Irish lilt to his words. “I really should have been watching where I was going.”
Oh I knew you two would get over your little tiff!
“You know, when you said we had a case, I thought you meant an
The voice, so familiar, was also so different. It wasn’t his inner voice. Though in his head, it didn’t come from within him. He watched Sherlock, uncomprehending.
, Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes. There was no denying the words were coming from the man across from him. The man whose hard edges hadn’t seemed to soften at all during their conversation.
He made another nurse cry instead.
Sherlock attempted to bat the cup of now room temperature water aside, but Lestrade was persistent, huffing at him like he was a child, and Sherlock only refrained from sticking his tongue out at the DI because he couldn’t stop coughing.
“I’m not going anywhere, you daft man,” he murmured. “I told you. I love you. I’m not with you because I want sex. I’m with you because I was dying before I met you. Every day it was harder and harder to get up, to shower and get dressed, to pretend I had a life to live. Every day it was harder and harder to ignore the gun in my drawer. Shh,” he murmured when Sherlock twitched.
“I’m really glad you agreed to meet me, John,” he said softly, flashing the bartender a smile when his pint was brought over, despite the fact that the foam took up a good portion of the top of the glass. The only time there was such as thing as too much head, the perverse and boyish part of him giggle quietly to himself.
Grinning, Jim slid in against John until their thighs were flush against each other, leaning until his lips lightly grazed John’s jaw. “John,” he breathed, his hand splayed against his chest. He nuzzled at John’s jaw, working his lips down to John’s neck, causing John to draw in a shuddering breath. “Let me know if you want me to stop,” he whispered.
He scowled, thought about asking her to fight him too, before ultimately thinking better of it. He did throw a few choice observations her way, however, and felt a little bit better about himself afterwards. At least his mind was a little clearer. For now.
John got shot.
“I want you,” Jim breathed, wet and hot, against John’s ear. He pulled back slightly, staring down into John’s flushed face, and for the briefest of seconds John felt like he was staring into the very eye of the devil. All such thoughts fled and were forgotten, however, as Jim pulled his hands free of John’s chest, curling one arm around John’s shoulders as the other reached for the sofa beside them, using both them and his hips to pull John with him as he twisted to the side, laying back against the sofa cushions as he led John on top of him. He pushed the blankets and pillow aside for more space, drawing John into another kiss.
your assistant, I do
Sherlock better not wake him up again.
I had this idea for a little while, a what-if of Moriarty dating John instead of Molly during The Great Game, so I had to write this little thing. There's probably already plenty of fics like it already, but this is my version.
Sherlock shuddered against John’s hand.
“I…me too,” John replied, awkward and flustered and far too obvious. How Sherlock could put up with it on a constant basis was a mystery. John was, as Jim had already more than clearly seen, an open book. Perhaps Sherlock wasn’t so blind to the surprising allure of Doctor John Watson, or perhaps—less likely—there were hidden aspects to the good doctor. In any case, Jim planned to suss out everything.
**********
Jim nodded, smiling softly and nuzzling against John’s hand. “Of course,” he whispered. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
Jim had to admit, however, that the good doctor cleaned up well. He wasn’t Jim’s usual taste, but then he supposed that preferring taller men was something he and John had in common. They certainly had a specific taller man in common, at the very least. Still, though…Doctor Watson obviously took care in his appearance tonight, no doubt nervous about what was expected among gay men. This really would be quite fun.
Jim’s entire expression brightened, and he moved quickly to prepare their drinks while John washed his hands at the kitchen sink, indicating how he preferred his tea. Though he thought it a bad idea, he agreed to Jim’s request to move to the sofa, as it’d be more comfortable, drawing in a slow breath when Jim sat a little closer than expected. Still. Everything was fine.
This was nice, better than nice, actually. John had worried that things would be awkward now, that Jim would be eager for John to leave, but it seemed the opposite was true. Which John was very thankful for, since it led to a delicious meal he hadn’t had to cook or order up from Mrs Hudson or the market. With Jim and him both properly dressed now, he felt more at ease as well, though now that he’d become aware of it, he couldn’t help but notice how nicely Jim’s jeans fit his arse. This pair was black faded in all the right places, tighter yet well worn, and it did nothing but emphasise the man’s assets. All over.
The entire outfit is carved where it folds and curves and drapes, and painted to distinguish it from the rest of the figure.
He lets it go and the wind buffets it away into the dark drizzle.
Never for a second is there stillness now - John has leapt into action, he'd seen the way Gladstone moved before it happened, and his bare heels dig into the sand like Gladstone’s massive hooves as he sprints towards his horse - Hope collapses, a bloody hand around his throat, gasping, and the crowd splits like the Red Sea.
He runs through a list of deductions. She wasn’t hard of hearing or deaf, and didn’t wear glasses. It’s reasonable to assume she did not hear or see anything out of the ordinary.
There’s a man calling from a rooftop - a rooftop! “Riders? Riders! To the rock!” His voice is raw - he’s been shouting for awhile. Archie must’ve heard him from an open window or the door. That, or he was standing outside the bakery during the busiest night of the year and listening, just for Sherlock.
It's nothing like their time together before the Races. Not John's one-sided hug, not John's lips on his. Sherlock returns the hold with inexact enthusiasm, frantic. He categorizes John's hands turning to fists in his hair and coat, drawing him flush; John's face at his throat; the way his jacket clings to him same as Sherlock. An interlude of tension and danger between devastated men. He doesn't follow John's train of thought, his process, how he possibly forgave Sherlock so quickly, how he ever doubted Sherlock's wholehearted devotion.
He’s going to be a passenger this time around, rather than the one in charge. It isn’t so bad to give up his agency to John. They both know where Saint Columba’s is, but John likely can’t see well over Sherlock’s higher shoulder to steer them. It’s efficient. Easy. Comfortable. Sherlock melts a touch.
An impression of a thought floats to him, the inciting consideration of John’s cock fitting into him.
John is restful in sleep, Sherlock has seen so far as he’s been awake, his hair pressed up on his face on one side, mashed against the pillow. He’s slack, unconscious, serene.
John grips Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock’s worry begins to dissipate. John says, “I missed you. Let me help you with your colours. Take off Redbeard’s saddle.”
"Lestrade," Sherlock said, gesturing, "this is Doctor Watson. Doctor Watson, Detective Inspector Lestrade."
WILL YOU PICK ME UP?
"Yes," he barked, and then, pulling it back a touch, "yes."
One of the benefits of staying in such a swanky hotel was that they had a real, decent sized electric kettle in their room. John watched as Sherlock went about making tea, the alcohol in his belly starting to do its job. It was the only way he could sleep some nights, and it had seemed like a good plan earlier.
Jane choked a bit on her tea. “Pardon?”
"I honestly don't know," Mycroft admitted.
And, oh, Sherlock should have ordered more. He saw now that John was nervous. Perhaps he wasn't sure that Sherlock wanted to be there at all.
"I'm not that far along in my learning, am I? Suppose you'll have to tell me what you said when I come back," Sherlock said with a smirk.
“Then I’ll,” Jane said, nodding towards the loo.
Wetness, and warmth, and John was falling into a million pieces.
John laughed and crawled under the covers, letting Sherlock pull and prod him into the right position for full body contact.
'Anon,
Greg cursed under his breath and set his drink down. "Well, it's not my bloody fault you kept that from me. Not sure why I should be surprised. That's all you do, keep shite from me."
"We forgot all about dinner," John said, kissing him again and starting to pull away.
"And I think you should see to your trousers," the woman shot back, eyebrows raised.
"Surprisingly, yes. One and the same," Mycroft answered, handing Greg his glass and leaning back against the counter top.
Sherlock's smile widened as a warm breeze brushed against his cheek. John hadn't even realised he'd done it.
"No. Nope. We're going to the party," John shot back, already trying to get around Sherlock to get a wet flannel for his blotchy face.
John joined them in the entryway and helped with the food, taking a bag and kissing Mrs H on the cheek. "Thank you, my dear."
Now he was back at A&E, sitting glumly in the waiting room, the adrenalin and high of finishing a case long gone. Worse than that, he was sitting next to Lestrade. The man apparently thought Sherlock needed a bloody chaperone.
"Sherlock Holmes," the waiter said as she approached, "it's so good to have you back!"
"He's impossible!" Sherlock shouted, following Greg into a side room.
Kissing was surprisingly pleasurable, the thought that he was sharing saliva didn't even come to mind, and Sherlock found himself giving in, as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be touching tongues with someone. It felt silly to wish for things to go slower, what with the revelation coming so forcibly and with so much feeling, but it did. John pressed increasingly gentle kisses to Sherlock's lips and neck.
John hummed in agreement and Sherlock pressed forward to kiss him. John laughed against his lips and pulled him close.
TRIGGER WARNING: The second to last paragraph, the one that starts with 'Yesterday', contains VIVID description of a serious, fatal accident. If you don't want to read it, all you have to know about it will be in a note at the end. If you skip the paragraph you won't miss the meaning.
"Now who's the bloody romantic?" Sherlock teased.
"I'll call a cab," John replied, going into the hallway and doing just that as Sherlock ate the heel of bread in two bites.
"Go back to bed," John murmured.
"And suffer through all that planning again? Don't thing that eight years has been enough for me to forget the flower debacle," Sherlock said, giggling.
"Bloody, buggering," he grumbled, finding the loo and relieving himself after stubbing a toe on the tub.
Sally shrugged and they sat there for a long time.
"Anything else, vicar?" the woman asked, smiling a bit more than should be allowed in such a place at such a time.
“Something funny?” Sherlock asked, sounding a bit upset.
"H-he died?" John sputtered, smelling sand and feeling wind in his hair.
He couldn't put it all together. Major Sholto wasn't a scientist. Was John changing it just enough that if James ran across it he wouldn't suspect? Why did he change the Major's appearance? None of it made sense.
"I think Doc likes him. She has the most interaction with him, and the way she watched him during supper was strange," Sally tried to explain.
"Don't let him get killed," Mycroft added, "that's all I ask. Just...keep him happy and safe."
"You're released," he said, a bit forcefully. "Just, just get out of here. For Christ's sake."
Sherlock was staring up at the highest window, into the dark room, and daring something to stare back. Just once, just bloody once, he'd liked to be knocked off his feet.
Greg's teeth came into play, a sure sign that he was close to losing it, and Mycroft let the kiss turn ragged. Sure enough, Greg was soon gasping and shaking and Mycroft let himself be pulled over the edge into orgasm with one thought running mad circles in his mind.
"Why do you do this? Why do you have to...to bully me? Why not just get divorced?" he asked, speaking truthfully for the first time in years.
He wanted to write DoctorJohn and ask him how you know when you're ready for sex. Wanted to know definitively when it will happen. He'd only been in what he thinks is that situation once, close enough to breathe someone else's scent, to taste their lips.
"I need to look inside that chest. I'll get you a room set up for when you're done and find some pain medication," John said, handing Sherlock off to a tech.
Sherlock swallowed roughly, hating the memory of that day. He couldn't stop himself from his deductions, however, and the ones he had made earlier came spilling from his mouth. When John paused he thought he'd stepped too far.
"Tell me what you need," John said, reaching between them and stroking Sherlock's cock, its interest filling it out and causing it to press firmly to John's stomach.
Sherlock shrugged and looked away. "Some people rather like onion."
"Unexpected," John finished, unheard.
"And, you know, the company pays for spouses to accompany us on trips, no matter how small. So..." John said, hopeful smile appearing.
"You're hardly pathetic," Sherlock said. "I think you're very interesting."
"I...have the newspaper clippings of your case at my flat. If you're interested," Sherlock said, leaning closer to John with that gorgeous smile of his.
"Wonderful," Sherlock replied.
Greg's voice cut out and John could hear him arguing softly, his hand obviously over the receiver and muffling the words. The hand was dropped and Greg sighed.
"What's your name?" the man asked, turning around and looking John up and down again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Not a hand, A HAND. A specific hand."
The drugs, carefully packed up and hidden again in Sarah's flat, were on his mind almost constantly. That was why, he reminded himself, you don't go about falling off the wagon; because the fall is only the first bad bit. The fall left him with the word cocaine fluttering about his head unbidden. He'd be walking down the street on his way to the shops and his brain would remind him that cocaine would feel really good just then. He'd be in the middle of researching something and click on an advert for some sort of energy supplement, something he knew not to, and be bombarded with pictures of people looking ready to face the day. Cocaine, his body would remind him, would make him just as ready. He would even wake up and walk to the loo thinking he was on his way to do a hit, only to realize once he was sat on the floor like an idiot that the cocaine was far away and he wanted it to be that way.
"Both, perhaps," John said, pausing. "I'm not sure the church is the right place for me. Not sure they would want me if they...knew what kind of man I am."
"I'll see you in the morning," Sherlock promised.
_____
"Were you going to let me eat alone?" John teased.
The next morning at breakfast Sherlock sat strangely close to John. John could feel the brush of his arm each time he took a bite of his food or pushed it around the plate.
"Don't you knock?" Sherlock asked, scooting his chair in to hide the most offending bit of his flesh.
HOW MUCH DO YOU MAKE A YEAR? -SH
"Well, obviously you're in a poor mood. Have you finished the books I brought? Is that it? I can get more," Sherlock said, walking aimlessly and looking about.
"Will you be here in the morning?" He whispered.
“-and he said,” Jane spat, half empty pint glass sloshing in her hand, “he said I was almost as beautiful as his mum!”
Greg turned around and shook his head, surprising Mycroft by linking their arms and moving them to the kerb. "Is your car lurking as well?"
It was difficult enough going back to school at thirty-six, let alone the fact that the vast majority of the younger students had soul mates and her mother was still trying to beg her off on some poor sod stuck in the same situation, but doing so with a psychosomatic limp and a shoulder that always grew stiff in the cold was a bit much.
"Life isn't fair," Sherlock answered. "I promise I'm no ruder to him than any other student, he simply wants what he can't have."
"Obviously," Sherlock replied, hefting his suitcase onto his shoulder and walking up the small, neatly manicured path to the front door.
"Can I help you?" he asked flatly.
John paused and turned to him. "Who said I was in the military?"
They stayed there, panting, for a few seconds before John carefully set the beaker back in its place, noting the half melted biro floating in it, and realised Sherlock had attempted to stir the concoction with it. Mad, absolutely-
John showed him up to his room, walking him to the edge of his bed and kissing him roughly. It was intoxicating. He let his lips part slightly, the feel of Sherlock's bottom lip between his a surprise, and Sherlock's fingers went to the buttons of his shirt.
"He's with Sherlock?" Greg asked, looking a bit confused.
"John," William murmured, finally coming back to himself.
Three pictures came through in succession and he was STUPEFIED.
The first of three cop cars came to a halt as Jane made it back to Sherlock’s side, and the mentioned DI jumped out, sporting more gray than Sherlock remembered from their last interaction.
Inside the box was what Sherlock thought best encompassed his mind. It was the box he hoped would be sold to some museum when he died of old age very far in the future. The most important things, the things held in highest regard, by the mind of a generation;
"I've missed you," he murmured. "Mr Cock missed you."
"We're done here," Sherlock said with a quick breath. "Come along, Jane."
"We would like you, as our agent, to know that we are officially in a relationship," John said.
He scrubbed his chest and back, and throbbing erection, with as much disinterest as he expected hospital staff would, trying not to think how that might differ if they happened to staff vicars. Once he was done getting between his toes and behind his ears he stepped from the shower and dried off, teeth chattering the whole while.
John turned and scrunched his nose up. "Don't get yourself killed, yeah?"
After sitting for several hours reading, John decided they should head out to the field. Sherlock had mentioned earlier that a specific type of butterfly should be about soon and he was interested to see it, or at least to see Sherlock delight in a sighting. The man was always so enthralled by insects and plants. He made a very good naturalist.
"Not...not often," John whispered. "I can't really remember..."
He tried to remind himself that he was not in danger here.
When John had been admitted into medical school his father hadn't said a word. Not a single bloody word. The man had told him so many times over the years that he was meant to be in the army, that it was a legacy he couldn't tarnish. He'd told him he wasn't smart enough for medical school. He'd told him he was a fool for applying and that he'd see, he'd see what an embarrassment the whole thing would become.
John opened the sedan door and looked Sherlock right in the eye. "You'd be dashing in handcuffs."
John cocked his head to the side and clenched his fists, this time out of confusion rather than anger. "Do you read my books?"
_____
And with that he spilled into the condom and collapsed. Sherlock hummed in agreement and let his mind wander as John pulled out and cleaned them both up a bit.
"My thoughts exactly," John said, eyes glittering.
"But you'll pay me," John pressed, because it sounded much too good to be true, and he'd lived a life that had proven how badly those situations could turn.
"Derrick," Molly answered, tears starting up again. "I-I prepared all night and he still said I was the most unprepared teacher he'd ever had."
The assistant smiled and continued to be completely enthralled with her mobile.
"You're new," the woman said, taking the cup and stepping over the pile of things she had obviously decided to leave where they landed.
Bloody hell, he had to do it anyways, if only to see John in person for the first time.
"So I think we should go back inside as my arse is freezing off, and you seem to quite like it as it is. And I think you should...I think I'd rather like to get to know you."
John's lips pursed and he shrugged. "It's alright. Not like I couldn't handle him."
"Jesus, Sherlock," John said, hands clutching his hair. "Please tell me you didn't give a killer your hotel room number."
"Hardly," Sherlock replied.
Sherlock shook his head, furrowed brows making him look especially kissable, and held his hand out. John pressed the flowers into it and Sherlock disappeared around the corner. And...that was alright, John supposed. It wasn't as if he was expecting the response he'd gotten from Mrs H. Sherlock was just more...subdued, and that was okay.
After breakfast Sally had pulled Sherlock into the maintenance room and was explaining it all while the rest of the group went to shower and get ready for the day.
Sherlock was stuck, really well stuck. He couldn't tell if he'd angered John, and wasn't sure what he should say next. The fact that he wanted to say something, that he wanted to comfort John, was something that made him itch.
John had, at least, the peace of mind to look slightly guilty at that and Sherlock delighted in the discomfort for a moment before nudging him with his toe to continue.
When Sherlock didn't respond John drew in a deep breath and tried again.
Sherlock wondered if all the women there were that despondent. He actually wondered for a moment if Sally would be comfortable. Really, her sudden acting skills and willingness to play along had shaken him to his core.
John crossed his arms and stared daggers at Mycroft, who was hovering at the end of the hall. "Surveillance but not security. Brilliant."
It seemed less cold out, and as they walked it felt more like summer to John. He reached out and picked a seed pod, passing it to Sherlock and watching him eviscerate it out of the corner of his eye.
The dining room was set up unlike the bunks, with husband and wife sitting next to each other. John and Sherlock stood at the open door, out of sight.
Sherlock scrunched up his nose and replied.
"I'm a scientist, obviously, a student of human behavior, a chemist and detective and a lover of all things macabre and disgusting," the man said, tossing the flower over his shoulder with finality. "And I work with the police, unfortunately."
Sherlock sat with that thought for a moment. John, the man with something to hide, was sitting across from him, only the pale light from the walkway bleeding through the curtains. As the room came more into focus, Sherlock saw that John was still wearing all of his clothes.
"Originality is independence, not rebellion; it is sincerity, not antagonism. Or so said George Henry Lewis," John replied, eyes soft. That Sherlock could make himself into a villain so easily was tragic.
"Do you think he was looking for us?" John asked.
"I should hope so," the man said, patting Merrick on the head once before rising.
John let his head fall to the side and really thought about it. So many words spun through his mind; loving, funny, pushy, warm, safe, safe, safe...
"You don't have to wait on me, you know. This is already-" Jane tried.
Sherlock shrugged and John sighed.
“I think the more pertinent question, is ‘When is the baby due?’”
"And linens?" John asked, amused by Sherlock's excitement.
"Too hot to drink just yet," John said, nose scrunched up, "and needs milk."
'I'm not interested in pornography-'
John chuckled. "Well, you'd better get out, then, hadn't you? Don't want you coming down with something the first week in."
He deleted that, too.
"Do people like you ever go to the cinema?" Greg asked, eyes aimed at the door.
"I'm going to go in first. You wait the count of ten and then barge through the doors. Say you're looking to upgrade the ventilation, or something. I don't know, doesn't matter. Anyhow, Molly will immediately introduce us, as she knows I was keen on meeting you, and-"
“Goodnight, Jane," she replied, waiting a beat before walking into her room and closing the door
Sherlock slipped out of his jacket, coat left at home on such an unreasonably warm evening, and unbuttoned his shirt, letting the top two inches of skin breathe as he stepped out in front of the cab. It came to a stop easily, having barely been moving at all, and Sherlock went to lean against the side of it, peering in as the window was rolled down a bit.
"I...I have nightmares," John admitted.
"I love flowers," Sherlock said, playing around with the length of the stems and looking like he'd done arranging before.
John closed the lid to the washer and walked over, settling his hands on Sherlock's biceps. "I'm fine," he murmured, looking Sherlock in the eyes and hoping he believed it.
_____
Sherlock choked on her drink and burst out laughing as well, their knees knocking together warmly in the small kitchen. It turned out that Jane was incredibly funny, and terribly close, after a few shots. Each story had Jane shifting closer, until they were sat there, nearly in each other’s laps, grinning.
'Dear Dr Watson,
"God's guidance, or yours?" Greg asked.
'Anonymous,
"Do we know each other?" John asked, looking back over his shoulder to where Sherlock was flirting away, so very believably.
The neighbor, Mrs H, seemed to think the ghost was of a man who was killed out front several years prior. She said she could see him, although it was only a dark outline, and that he wasn't really bad.
John appeared next to him and pressed another bit of paper to the mirror as Sherlock scrubbed.
Sherlock was completely silent next to him and John, figuring Sherlock would agree with him wholeheartedly, looked over to see what was wrong. Sherlock's cheeks were coulored richly and even the tips of his ears were pink. He was blinking quickly as his mouth opened and closed and John rested a hand on his knee to try to get his attention.
He tried to open the door by reaching around Sherlock's side but Sherlock backed against it. And, Christ, now Sherlock was intrigued. Intrigued and close enough to smell the doctor's skin and feeling rather drunk on it. Which was...uncommon.
"Trying to take a picture. You'd think they'd make that simple. Bloody-" John cursed and fumbled.
None of those in attendance paid him much mind. He would only bother them once he had something he wanted, they knew, and at that point it would be impossible to ignore. It would do them no good to try to speak to him until he was out of that cloud he always seemed to drag with him.
If there was a jump in his stomach, he thought, it was in anticipation of heading up to Mike’s office to abscond with another prescription pad. That must have been it.
"You're brilliant, you know," John said, his voice a whisper. "You're brilliant and so warm. You deserve so much."
"You could could use a bit more weight," John said, noting the number and setting the file to the side.
A hand slid in and blocked them effortlessly, setting off the sensor and keeping the person's fingers from being crushed. Sherlock cursed aloud and continued to press, and, even as a man moved in next to him, he continued to hunch over the buttons.
John sat back and crossed his arms. "Is that so?"
Yes, it wasn't the best coping mechanism, but it was the only one he currently had.
Sherlock smiled and cocked her head to the side. "Oh, but you do. You want a challenge. You're back from war, a bit worse for wear, and you want to know that you aren't weak. You signed up for this class to be pushed to your limits mentally, as physically seems to be on the back burner now. You figure that if you can get back to Afghanistan because of your brain, it will be enough. You're interested in writing about the people you used to serve with. I think you can get the same feeling on British soil."
"We should," Sherlock agreed.
Babe. Christ. It was silly and stupid and warmed something in Sherlock's chest.
Soon enough he was sat with a large plate of food, eating ravenously and John was across from him sipping his tea. They were startled out of their calm by the vicarage phone ringing loudly from the hallway. John hopped up and went to answer it.
That was perhaps the worst part; that he knew Sherlock wanted him back but was still too much of a coward to take the leap. He'd felt the way Sherlock's heart had pounded when he reached into his jacket for his mobile. He should have kissed him there in the hallway, should have let his hand stay pressed against his chest, against the soft material that covered his skin. He should have torn Sherlock's coat and jacket off and pressed himself against the man. He should have-
As he'd planned, the whole 'locking the DI out of his office' bit had caused quite the commotion, and no one had noticed the pictures being printed out. He ignored the confused looks and snatched the pile, going through it quickly and leaving behind what wasn't his, and left.
"Good," Sherlock admitted. "Now, we're going to do a small writing set to remind ourselves. Line one-"
He set up a bruising rhythm, desperate to tear Sherlock to pieces and make him come as quickly as possible. He wanted to wring him dry and crawl into bed with him and hold him. God, how he wanted to hold him.
"You were, you know," John baited.
He heard John turn on the tap and went to stand in the doorway, situating himself to hide most of his nudity. He watched John's body move, curious, eyes settling on the scar on his shoulder. When John turned he found himself looking somewhere else entirely.
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Mycroft huffed, standing and turning on a record as Greg chuckled and lit the fire.
Sherlock chuckled and sat up to kiss him. He was warm and full of wonderfully, world-fuzzing chemicals, and all he wanted was to be pressed to as much of John's skin as possible.
Sherlock sat back on his desk and grinned. "Rightly put. But, if we're going to win arguments with adults we have to use fancy words. So, when someone ignores a woman's work, or expects her to do a lesser job, what shall we tell them?"
The bodyguard moved closer as Sherlock’s eyes darted around the room for Jane.
When they got back to work, as married men, Mycroft kissed Greg on the cheek at his desk and disappeared to the lift. Sally stood and charged over to Greg's desk.
"If you already knew, why did you ask?" John said, feeling a flush move up his neck.
Sherlock shook her head and went to collect her unopened mail from the shop. She could still feel Jane's touch.
After dressing and trying to do something to the bit of hair that was sticking up on the side of his head, John followed Sherlock out of his bedsit and into a cab. He didn't exactly know what to do. Sherlock had yet to ask for his fee and he wasn't acting at all how John had thought he would. There wasn't any sexual tension in the cab, and Sherlock was keeping his hands to himself, which confused John even further.
"So find some inspiration," Greg sighed. "Go on a date. Go to a club. Bloody hell, just get laid."
The elevator doors opened onto a short hallway, white but for one black light fixture and the silver handle of the door leading to the roof. John looked over at Sherlock with mischief in his eyes and Sherlock tried to remain superior and nodded in the direction of the door.
"It feels quite refreshing," Sherlock said, taking a stick and poking it into the reeds near the edge of the water.
Miserable and alone.
He lied to get more money when he spent his allowance on sweets and found the money in his pocket held more weight, he lied to get out of trouble at school and felt only slight superiority, he lied to John and barely even took notice.
Lestrade looked them over, noting the protective way Jane was blocking Sherlock’s right side, and decided it wasn’t really worth the struggle to find out who the hell this new woman was now. That would be handled at the station.
John sighed and kissed him. "I'm terribly in love with you, too."
Sherlock drew in a long breath and let it out slowly, his body relaxing as he did. John picked up one of his hands and kissed along his palm and fingertips. It only took one small suck, just the tip of Sherlock's thumb, for Sherlock to remember exactly what position they were in. He moaned and rolled his hips.
It was nearly two hours later, two hours wherein Sherlock recounted every interesting case he'd taken in the last year and a half, that John realised how hungry he was. He shifted and put his hand on Sherlock's thigh to get him to stop speaking for a moment.
I remain,
"What are you doing out here, Merrick?" the man asked, his voice low and rich. "Shouldn't you be off with your new owner?"
Once, when he was thirteen, he'd found an Army recruiter's pamphlet in a bin somewhere. Back then, that was where all pornography came from, as far as he was concerned; a bin, or his father's drawer. The things his father kept had never been of any interest to him, so imagine how he felt when he found out that it was the gender of the 'model' in question, and that he didn't even really need to see them naked to...well, the point is, the pamphlet excited him.
Sherlock didn't hear the remainder, as he'd already retreated into the office and closed and locked the door. He pulled the memory stick from his pocket and yanked the cable that led to the speakers from the computer before plugging in the stick and pulling the video up.
"You bastard," John laughed. "You were letting me be the useless muscle."
"I forgot to make tea," Sherlock admitted after a long few moments.
_____
The house had been set for a bit of a revamp two years prior. It took those two years to get it done, as lighting wouldn't seem to work on certain days and machinery went missing, just to show up in places it had no right to be. The house went through three sets of workers before it was all done, as the neighbor, a sweet old woman, had told Sherlock before supper.
John chuckled at him.
Sherlock shrugged slightly. "I'm unpredictable."
"You have two options," Mycroft said, fussing with his cuff links in a rare show of nerves, "I can have my driver bring you home or...or you can put that tie on and button up your blazer and join me for dinner at my club."
John walked a bit faster to catch up with him, his leg smarting. They had made it right to the edge of town and John cleared his throat.
"And how do you suppose you rebel?" John asked. He really did want to know. He wanted to know everything of the man, and that frightened him enough. Hungry, he admitted only to himself, for that knowledge. It was what he sought absolution for, each night while on his knees before his bed.
_____
“John Hamish Watson. Always afraid you wouldn’t make it out. The prodigal son has returned. It’ll be just like the old days!”
"What did I do?" he asked, sure he'd crossed some invisible line.
"I'm John."
Mycroft bit the inside of his cheek and looked at the floor guiltily before squeaking aloud at being pulled into Greg's lap. Greg rubbed up his thighs, fingers scratching at expensive wool, and reached round to pull him forward by his arse.
He saw Greg sit up in the corner of his vision and willed himself not to smile.
"No," John replied, growing more agitated. "What were you going to do when I came home on leave? Wear a dress?"
"Conventionally attractive. I wouldn't have noticed you in a crowd, and yet..."
It was awful. Simply wretched. Bitter and cloying and worse the longer it was in his mouth.
“How often do you have to call for police backup?” Jane asked, not glancing up from the table.
"Christ, okay, yeah," John said, holding tighter to those slim hips and leaning forward to lick across one peaked nipple.
"How about a cold case?" he asked, ready to start the bargaining.
The man he was meant to be bunking with was on the short side, decently muscled, and currently in a pair of denims and an vest. It was hardly what Sherlock would consider an overtly sexual outfit, but something about the roll of the man's shoulders, the way his neck muscles moved as he pulled his shirt on and started to button it, felt so intimate, so erotic.
"Not busy at all," Molly chirped.
Jane sighed and went to the small desk in the corner to retrieve her revolver. She glanced around the cramped bedsit once more before tucking her trusty weapon into the waist of her denims and pulling her boots back on.
"Good to see you again," John said, kindly enough.
"Hold it up," Sherlock said, eyes wide and mouth open as he wriggled his hips and started to lower himself.
"Looked me up on the internet, then?" John asked. Sherlock nodded and John just beamed. "Brilliant. As I believe I've said."
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up and he looked at John.
For a long time, an absurdly long time, they sat there on the phone listening to each other breathe. It wasn't pornographic, they weren't panting or moaning, so it was a strange thing to do. John, though, found he couldn't stop, found he was listening to both sets of breathing now and remembering in a truly astonishing way that he himself was alive. He was alive, and he was home, and he was on the phone with this absolute berk, but he was alive.
Greg grinned and nodded sloppily. "About time. I'll introduce you to Rachel later this week."
Sherlock wasn't joking when she'd said rigorous. The class had been a whirlwind. The students that had waited to buy their books were chastised for doing so as the coursework began immediately. Jane was happy to have everything, and eager to prove she bloody belonged there.
John pulled him closer, Sherlock ending up nearly on top of him, and started to thrust hard and deep. They were both gritting their teeth and Sherlock cried out and started to come, his arsehole spasming around John's cock.
Sherlock turned the paper over twice, frown stretching out on his face, and then set it down.
Even after that they remained hidden for a few more minutes, breathing in tandem and not speaking a word. John was the first to move, as Sherlock had no interest in pushing him, and they finally continued on to the cafeteria.
John looked up, sad, but smiling softly. "Wasn't my fault? That's what you were going to say, right?"
"Oh, oh, that's," John tried, voice sounding oddly tight.
'John,
And, yeah, that wasn't a train of thought to go down, now was it? His brain started reminding him that the position he'd always convinced himself he'd come home to (respected surgeon with years of military experience) wasn't going to happen. At best, he'd end up being a GP. At worst, a GP. Christ. Christ. Maybe if he took out several loans he could find a specialty, a specialty that allowed for PTSD and a bloody limp.
"If there's a sofa," Jane said, defeated and thinking about how she didn't even have a bloody sofa to call her own, "you can have it."
"You're tall," John blurted.
"Tell me, am I satisfied?" John asked, at once looking like he was throwing out a lifeline.
_____
"Lamium purpureum," Sherlock replied. "When I was young, my uncle made me tidy the yard with a dandelion grubber. He didn't realise that I simply replanted them behind the gardening shed. Needless to say, they returned."
"Two gentlemen out enjoying the rain," Greg said, "that's all."
The comfortable quiet went on for a while, but it honestly couldn't last. Both of them were searching their minds for the appropriate topic of conversation. John came to it first.
"Tonight?" Sherlock sputtered, thinking about how he needed to get home THAT SECOND to start cleaning.
_____
"Was thinking we'd just stay in tonight," Sherlock said in a tone that approached conversational but didn't quite make it. "Rifle around on the Internet."
The room burst into applause when they made it through the door. The small pub was packed with people, all of them well on their way to inebriation, and all joyous.
"Oh, uh, sorry. It was the last of the pot. How about I make a new one? I'll get it to you in a minute," John replied.
And at that point, it was all John could do to hold onto Sherlock's hips as the man writhed on top of him. He grunted into Sherlock's mouth and pressed upwards, Sherlock crying out and scrambling to remove his trousers and pants, tossing them aside.
"Are you...practiced?" Sherlock asked, eyes closed as his body adjusted.
"Don't mind if I do," John replied, hand resting on Sherlock's knee unconsciously.
"I thought you couldn't leave," Sherlock said, wincing and clenching his jaw.
Sherlock ignored the woman and introduced Jane to Lestrade, walking the three of them towards the entrance to the building, after retrieving her bag. “Jane goes everywhere with me.”
and, most frightening,
Sherlock frowned and tried to cross his arms, flinching and huffing as a flush mottled his face.
“Still buggering that Constable, are you?” Terry teased, knowing full well how much the implication bothered Sherlock.
John laughed and ran a hand through his hair. "I could ask the same of you. You do realise you're in the middle of the path, don't you?"
"Always," he murmured, twitching through the last of his climax, "always get your way."
"I'll...see if I can make it," Sherlock replied, trying to keep some control. "If we were to meet, where would it be?"
And there it was, all out. Couldn't stop himself.
It angered Sherlock that the man had picked up on it at all. He'd assumed that the doctor would believe his story and he'd be given advice and pretty much left alone. He wondered briefly if that was how people felt when he deduced them, that painful bit where secrets were torn from them and brought to light.
"Respectfully, ma'am, I doubt there's anything you can throw at me that would top my time in Kandahar," Jane said, one eyebrow raising. "And I'm no longer in the profession, so Ms Watson will suffice."
Greg held his left hand up, wriggling his fingers and not looking away from the computer screen. By the end of the work day the news had got around the office and when Greg and Mycroft attempted to leave Sally stopped them.
"It was dangerous," Jane answered, happy to see her voice still worked.
"Good day," Sherlock said with a tip of his head, making his way quickly around a muttering Lestrade and to the front desk where they printed out permits and the like on the new ink jet printer.
"I don't know," Sherlock replied honestly. "I didn't think we'd ever talk again."
"Asking for a friend?" Greg sputtered, setting his drink down and trying not to spill it.
"Greg and your brother? Isn't your brother his boss?" John asked.
Sherlock went to the ice chest without another word and started foraging for food. He came out with four eggs, the end of the ham, and a large block of cheese.
"Should I massage around it?" Sherlock asked.
Greg stood and went to him, pulling him upright and looking him in the eyes. He pressed his lips to Mycroft's and wrapped his arms around him, fingers slipping below his waistband. Mycroft kissed him back, losing himself in it completely. When Greg pulled away he breathed deeply and tried to center himself.
John and Sherlock wandered off, barely even seeming to notice, and he sat back at his desk with a huff. He needed a drink.
Greg sighed and took the seat next to him on the small stage, pushing aside the placard for the second writer and leaning heavily on one shoulder. "We've talked about this before. If you want to go in a different direction that's fine. The boss just wants one more Detective Miller story out of you. She needs one last romance before we lose the reader base."
Mycroft bent over him and filled him slowly, reaching up to thread their fingers together.
Murray, for his part, was madly in love with Watson. He'd only known the man a month, but there was something about him. He was guarded and skillful, clearly on his way to Captian or better, and had a wicked sense of humor. Dark.
"At past one?" John asked, soft smile back.
"What on earth are you so excited about? That you forgot how to make a decent cup of coffee, or that you forgot to rinse the soap from this mug?" he demanded, feeling a little embarrassed, thought he wouldn't admit it.
"Why is it raining so BLOODY hard?" Sherlock groused, reaching his hand out to hail a cab and frowning violently.
"Don't think about it," Jane ground out, teeth gnashing from agitation.
Sherlock's nose scrunched up but he let his arms fall to his sides and took a deep breath.
"I just wanted to talk to you," Sherlock said, tears falling from his closed eyes. "I wanted you to like me."
"You don't believe that," Sherlock said.
"It concerns you," Sherlock replied, taking the cheese.
"Will you give me another chance?" he asked, reaching across the table and taking Greg's hand.
Sherlock breathed unsteadily. "I was going to run away to France so that I could continue to write to you. I knew...I knew once I met you it would all be over."
"Well," John answered, knowing exactly what he needed to say to turn things around, "I suppose the story of Dread Pirate Roberts would be too boring for you, then. Guess I'll just read it myself."
John smiled and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Course. Course I would."
"It's the start of another school year," Mycroft pressed.
That gave Sherlock pause, but not much of it. "I've only investigated the after affects, you see. I know what makes bad men kill, I know how they must feel, I think. What I don't know..."
Sherlock fumbled for his mobile and held it up to the paper. His lips curled at the shaky writing. "Hand-eye coordination has taken a hit, I see. That's what happens when you get out of practice."
"It won't happen again," Mycroft assured him.
"You. Know. I. Never," John grunted, thanking the heavens that Sherlock's greatcoat was taking the brunt of his thrusts, and not Sherlock's skin, "Renege. On. A. Deal."
“Now wait a minute!” Mike protested as Sherlock picked up his to go cup and pulled the lid off without a word. “I’m not done with that!”
Sherlock smiled and ordered a tea, John thinking how peculiar the man was acting. Sherlock had been clearly smitten for a while now, but he was always soft spoken and had trouble looking John in the eye. When he did speak it was gruff state of fact, not this curious thing he was doing now.
"You're acting it," John shot back. "On the walk into town you were open and friendly and-" John stopped himself before he could say handsome and funny and charming. "And the second you saw my collar that all changed."
"Yes, ma'am. Very pretty indeed," the man replied as he rubbed the outside of the glass erotically, dipping his pointer finger in rhythmically.
"You're gorgeous," he whispered, arms wrapped around Sherlock's slim hips.
Even as he said it John felt his stomach roll over. Sherlock was a genius, though, and there was no way he would be interested in an invalided army Doctor.
_____
"Oh, oh, uh, sorry. That must be-" Greg tried, face twisted in sudden understanding. It had never occurred to him that Sherlock might be interested in a romantic...well, in any relationship. He knew how difficult it was for Sherlock to deal with normal people on a day to day basis, kind of made sense that he'd be a maelstrom when dealing with someone he cared for. The past few months were more understandable through this new lens.
"The-the uh, name of that jazz club again," John said quickly.
Greg snorted and felt himself blush. He was trying to think of something clever to say in return when he felt Mycroft take a deep breath and turn to face him.
One book on tobacco ash, yet to be published, written by the man himself
"I'm not questioning motive, it's just..." Sherlock replied with a huff.
Jane watched her leave and finally stripped, catching sight of her own shoulder in the mirrors as she slid into the bath. It was all gnarled skin and angry flesh. She hated it.
I guess I'll just go about answering your questions. No one has approached me like this before and, to be honest, it feels rather personal. I'll just hold tight to the fact that you don't know who I am and try to live through the slight embarrassment. That was sarcasm, just so you know.
“Dr. John Watson.”
"Well," the father chimed in meekly, "he does interrupt quite a lot." And when the mother looked at him, aghast, "we talked about this."
Sherlock swallowed and looked up. "I need to finish the cold case for Lestrade."
"I think you underestimate the things we got up to in the Army," John said with a sly smile.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the man in the mirror and pulled out more paper towels to dry his hair.
John scratched his neck, finger moving along his collar, and spoke to himself. "Stop talking about yourself. There's obviously nothing you can say that doesn't sound pathetic. Just...talk to her."
"No, you great git, I'm getting a book," John explained. "A good book, and a few blankets, and I'll have Mrs H make you some more of that soup you like."
"Go ahead," Greg said from John's side.
"In the morning?" John asked, walking forward and looking into Sherlock's eyes. "Do you often lose time?"
"I belong to several," John replied with a nod.
"Merrick, no!" he shouted, getting to his feet and trying to catch the dog.
"I didn't live with anyone, it was just a bedsit," John answered, scooting his chair back.
Sherlock went to wait from him in the bedroom, sitting nervously on the edge of the bed. When John finally came out his eyes were still tired and he went immediately to crawl back under the sheets.
"Course, love," John said with a happy sigh. "Just closing the door."
Sherlock drank his tea and continued to listen to the story of Buttercup and her misfortune. He didn't complain when Buttercup was set to marry a prince she didn't love because he was trying to pretend he wasn't interested in that part of the story, but he did let out a small sad sound when Buttercup was kidnapped. John misunderstood.
_____
"But that's...you're a romantic. That's...tragic," Sherlock sputtered, searching John's face.
John pulled his cane closer to himself so that the people seated next to him wouldn’t jostle his leg as they left. He waited until there was enough room for him to get up, with a grunt, and tried his best to blend into the stream that was making its way to the surface. He almost tripped twice going up the stairs, and as far as he could tell that was enough reason to take a break in the park on the way and catch his breath; after he bought himself a damn coffee.
_____
"The thrill is hardly gone," John replied.
Sherlock smiled. "Correct. And why don't we want gender to be obvious in professional titles?"
Greg sucked roughly and pressed down, Mycroft's auburn pubic hair tickling his nose, as the head of Mycroft's prick butted up against the opening to his throat.  He swallowed and suppressed his gag reflex and savoured the fact that Mycroft would soon be falling apart.
"Tell me," John pleaded, voice a soft rasp. "Tell me."
'Obviously not,' John thought, looking the man over as the sentence he'd said sank in and he huffed and looked away.
Pushing through, John steps into the foyer without knocking. He’s long abandoned most of his sense of propriety, but so has Moriarty. Their dance is only in front of the buyers. Privately, John speaks almost freely.
“I’d say… twenty years ago? Judging by the model and the wear that the salt’s had on it,” Sherlock begins to speak quickly, reaching down to rub soothing circles in Redbeard’s quivering shoulder, “The watch was gifted from your elder brother, which was given to him by your late father. It was originally a pocket watch, but your brother had the face removed and the band attached, very common, an adaption of generational gifts across said generations. Your brother was a man of untidy habits - very untidy, and careless. He was left with good prospects, but threw away his chances, lived for sometime in poverty, and finally, taking the drink, he died. With nothing, you moved here.”
Or, Sherlock could win the Races and buy Mrs Hudson twenty new homes from James Moriarty himself, get to the mainland and drag an answer out of Mycroft, and settle back at home, with plenty of killings to investigate, water horses to avoid, oranges to eat, and Redbeard adorned in a winning garland of green carnations and him in a bouquet of indigo and lilac.
Sherlock stares a moment longer, then glances away. John’s eyes are tired and sad, and Sherlock can’t bear to look at them anymore, so he looks at the knives in the glass case instead again. Each of them are long and twisted, entirely unassuming.
Sherlock's eyes fly open. He tries turning his head to shoot John a glare, can't do it well.
Half the crowd smiles and laughs.
Sherlock hushes back, “Of course not, I’m telling Lestrade and giving it to him. I didn’t want Mike to think he stole it, permanently. Mr Haverford will be arrested, because his wife’s a witness to the murder, obviously.”
At the end, the weeping family members and friends of the dead rider have gathered around the ash and scraps of burnt-out bonfire, spitting low at their ankles still, ready for another body to burn, more wood to eat, and, by tradition, they should stay here until it goes out entirely. Sherlock waits along the edges of the cliffs, waiting for John, who approaches a moment later.
He approaches until they are a length apart. Sherlock silently clasps his hands behind his back, skin growing numb with the cold.
As Sherlock sits up, slipping on torn grasses and mud, his side twinges painfully. Sherlock groans, wrapping an arm around his abdomen. Something deep is fractured. He forces himself to move, to bend his knee and clutch the blades of Thisby grass by his sodden shoes. He breathes deeply through his nostrils, assessing his body. Nothing punctured. He can smell blood and spit, even in the rain.
The piebald turns into Mary, the blonde mare. Her legs shake like Beryl’s and her mane becomes silky smooth, unlike the piebald’s greasy kelp. It becomes a staredown between her and Sherlock, a dying sun alighting the golden plain. He looks to John for advice, but the man’s gone from his side.
They sit until Gladstone’s low cry pulls their combined attention. Even then, Sherlock contemplates letting whatever is annoying the water horse to keep doing it so he may stay like this.
His mind has been elsewhere than on the topic of his brother, recently.
“The cat?”
Sherlock shuts his laptop.
“Watson,” Lestrade says, extending a hand behind Sherlock’s back, “it was good to meet you.”
John ducks into the open door after Sherlock has settled into his seat, wincing lightly at a spring that bites into his back, more evidence of Musgrave making this place her own home without proper permission. He scans quickly, but John’s seat appears to have no hard or hurtful parts sticking out of the cushions.
After picking up his coat from the back of his chair, Sherlock pauses. The weight is still the slightest bit off. Right. Of course. The box. Sherlock draws it out of the Belstaff's pocket and hangs it up.
“You’re so clever, Sherlock.”
Since he has only now received access to all of John, his lips, his secrets, his mind, Sherlock’s frown deepens into a scowl. “No,” He says, tilting his chin up. The impact of this attempt at his usual, intimidating glare is lessened due to the fact that the skin beneath his jaw is red and flushed, evidence of John’s work.
“What could you gain from a conversation with me, Sherlock Holmes? We’ve hardly ever spoken before,” Moriarty drawls. Then he smiles like a barn cat. “The Great Sherlock Holmes, solving all the mysteries of the island. Don’t look at me like that. I know all about your hobbies. I’m the most powerful man on the island.”
“Happens every year. I don’t like it any more than you do.”
having a conversation--” Watson’s heels dig into Gladstone’s sides, and the massive horse crow hops as if he’s been burned, but it seems to be all in good fun, “--Weren’t we?” Watson tries, fending off endearing giggles as he looks back up to Sherlock.
Sherlock looks up. The bowler hat, with his face like a troll, is pointing at him. He beckons Sherlock closer with a curling finger. How polite.
“Who needs blood to be real?” John asks.
But John seems especially shaken by the sole inclusion of the heart organ. He looks both ill and deep in confusion. “Sherlock,” He starts. “There’s something Moriarty said to me yesterday.”
Sherlock approaches the mirror on the mantel. There’s John, as a little point of weight standing on Sherlock’s trapezius muscle. The red of his cloak blends purple in the dark blue of Sherlock’s scarf, and the line of John’s arm shines with metal as he manages a grip to stay upright. If he were to fall, the folds of the scarf should act like a hammock and catch him.
"Yeah. You looked at him," John says, as if this explanation is enough. "He was ill, vaguely, but alive, and aconitine poisoning works through the body relatively quickly.”
John clears his throat, “Give me a moment,” he says just as acutely as Sherlock has, and puts on his shoes, brushing off the thighs of his pants. His voice is so rough from sleep it sends shivers all down Sherlock’s back.
“Chemical…”
John looks at him. “Sherlock?”
And if he fails to keep both Redbeard and John? What if it comes down to a choice between them, saving one and allowing the other to fall victim to the Races and to the ocean? What if the wrong decision is made?
He feels lax, repulsively so. He can't bear to think of an argument to any of this.
John crosses the yard again and pushes experimentally on the gate, which Sherlock had taped up. He tries harder, grunting. “There isn’t a need to imprison me,
“Oh, Sherlock…”
And he's still walking towards Sherlock, hauling that blonde mare.
The wind has its mortal fingers buried deep in Sherlock's hair, tussling and confusing it. Sherlock turns away. “So?”
“They’re all different,” John saves him from explanation, “Gladstone runs quick, but I can't say he doesn't curve. Mary is fast, but runs right towards the sea. I’ve watched it happen. I don’t know how she manages to walk on land in those iron horseshoes. Magnussen won't last five minutes on her in the Races.”
. “Has anyone ever asked you why you stay?”
“Hi, Greg. I'll see you tomorrow, Sherlock…?”
He glances to the drawbridge taped messily up to the side of the castle. Not really enough time to tape over the whole of the building. Plus, it might tear or peel something. Aluminum foil? Or put John back in his box? He’s got a dagger, John might be able to cut himself out of anywhere Sherlock tries to put him. Trapping him under a cup or a piece of cookware like an invading arachnid isn’t the most clever idea, either.
“Got the papers, though.” Sherlock brandishes them, waterlogged and inky as they may be. He puts his cheek back down on the pavement, just lying in the middle of the street, soaking wet, on his belly. Nevermind how many people over the years have thrown up on the streets, probably in this exact spot.
Lestrade steps up beside Sherlock, pointedly ignoring Donovan and staring down at the body.
The grey DI wearily takes the documents, his frustration and confusion suddenly abated. “You need to see his pockets? We haven’t done anything with the stuff. It’s all normal pocket things.”
John looks furious that Hope has mentioned Sherlock at all.
Sherlock is doing all of this for John. It began on a whim for his curiosity, for Mycroft and Mrs Hudson’s house, but now. Now, he races because it is necessary for him to, for John’s happiness found in the monstrous Gladstone. He swallows, thick, and Moriarty grins wider. This is what he’s meant to do, sew doubt into his head, wrap around his working memory and choke him. There is no way to rid the island of only the spider. Sherlock must extinguish the entire web, each and every radiation of the centre.
It’s veiled, as John can get into trouble for saying things about selling
as the
Sherlock's clipped, natural response to that is, “Your oldest daughter is shagging your brother.”
Gentle pressure settles over his lip again, and Sherlock parts them. Does he need stitches anywhere? He can’t bear to have anyone but John touch him. It’s this thought that forces him to open his mouth with intent.
Sherlock’s apology is a return to his usual voice and apathetic demeanor. “Even if you had it wouldn’t show up in the system. You said it was likely the same person responsible for the killings 18 years ago. If he’d been printed since, there would have been a match from the old murders.”
When Sherlock opens his eyes, his racing mind grinding to a halt, it’s no longer Hope on the rock with him.
“I parked out back of Hawkins’ Tavern,” Sherlock says, sniffing again.
that John extracts from Sherlock, and Sherlock is betrayed by his body in every drop of his head and shudder of his arms, wrapped around John and drawing stinging scratches into his back.
protective company.”
John says, “A whiskey. And a scotch. Thanks.”
Moriarty pushes.
Sherlock points his violin bow at Redbeard, right at his face, between his eyes. Redbeard squeals, jerking his head up and getting a light tap of the bow just above his muzzle. Sherlock’s violin is tucked under his chin, and if the bow wasn’t being weaponized against Redbeard, he’d be playing.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he says, “Redbeard. By my blood.”
Well, not anymore. Sherlock’s going to stop him from doing that.
“You don’t have him? Well, where’s he gone? How’d he get in?”
Sherlock snags his mobile from the counter and checks the address Lestrade sent to him, scanning in his head the memorized crime rates for the area. He tucks it away and strides out the flat’s door, stopping to lock it as a sidenote to Mycroft’s lackeys.
“He’s always like that.” Molly finishes for John, and retreats again.
Four thousand people, all crammed onto a rocky crag jutting from the sea, and you’d think someone would be clever enough to set up an address system.
Gone.
The pages flutter open, soft and whispery.
John says this the instant Sherlock has it figured in his head. A gripping sorrow clenches at his heart, the fact that such a brilliant human being had had such dark worries.
to have to write down.”
“Here,” John said, stopping at the heavy overhang before the caves are eclipsed by the cliffs. “I used to watch the horses come up here, all together.” He extends his hand to gesture to the reckless Scorpio Sea, which waves hungrily back.
The Scottish man scoffs, “‘Course I ‘mm. Always am.” He pays his tab and gets up to stand, leaving Sherlock with taxonomy to think about. There was more he could've learned, but it's just as well. The Scottish man is very recognizable, long hair and gruff voice and beard. Sherlock will find him another night, perhaps after the Races.
No more subject change. “What do you want for it?”
He’s charming some reporter that has asked from an impromptu interview, raising his chin for the cameras.
And the little knight
Sherlock needs to get the hell away from all these treeless fields. Maybe, maybe he can see what Mycroft was talking about, the damn horses.
The waxing moon glints off something in the water.
“Don’t,” He fails. He flattens his mouth into a line, glancing up and down the corridor. “Don’t rush in. Don’t let him get into your head.”
“Come on,” he says quietly, “Get away from the door.”
Ah. No one she knows has died. At least, not anyone majorly important to her. She’s merely fretting over Sherlock’s wellbeing.
As his plan, Sherlock draws the iron red horse closer to the edge of the sea, relishing in the slow meander of his gait. The water beats against Redbeard’s motionless ankles. Almost everything is ready. The race officials are clearing off the pale road of sand between ocean and cliffs. An ocean of trouble rages inside Sherlock’s gut, thrashing in time with the masked beating of drums in the crowd above.
Sherlock had scoffed. Murray had laughed. It was funny at the time. There was no mention of their moment alone from yesterday, or of Mary.
Sherlock had bet it was a healthy case of both.
Needing to leave means that John is going to be in the flat alone. In the flat, as a spy, roaming about and looking over his things and maybe taking something. Or maybe Mycroft will sweep into Baker Street while Sherlock is out and collect this small knight of Sherlock’s and Sherlock won’t ever see him again.
No matter. Who would bring poison with them here?
“I would have told you. We’re going to Lestrade, now, and the station. I’ll tell you how I figured it out, too, and then you’ll say that I’m
Dumbstruck, Sherlock blinks.
“—really fine to stay—”
“Murder!”
But the man doesn’t go for the till. He steps right behind the counter, and crouches, just as John had. Sherlock can see him through the mail compartments, it’s a wonder they haven’t been spotted. Then again, it’s unlikely the man expected anyone to be in here at all. The officers of Thisby have a reputation of leaving and getting drunk. Lestrade’s time at the pub this evening hadn’t helped that image.
Redbeard flattens his ears when he sees Sherlock. Sherlock’s heart splinters at the image.
“I didn’t commit any, if that’s what you’re thinking.” Sherlock watches John’s prowl. Gears are whirring in John’s head (perhaps literally - no, no, he’s settled on his shrinking theory), and Sherlock tracks John’s steps, listening intently to the
Sherlock doesn’t open it for three more weeks.
“I apologize,” Says Sherlock instantly.
It’s another way that he can make a home inside of Sherlock’s head. A ruse, a trick, a red herring. John would surely tell him so, if he knew what Sherlock was thinking.
"Why are you talking about this?"
get off on.”
“Yes,” Sherlock responds. He is ready to give up everything he has worked towards.
Now, the champion water horse waits apart from them, watching the gathering of islanders, and reins in the hands of churchgoer that John says he trusts. Gladstone is invisible in the dark, a floating white mane and a ghostly tail. His eyes reflect the bonfire’s fading light, the only evidence that he exists at all.
“That doesn't make it any less horrid.”
Sherlock blinks, eyes raising to the rider. “You’re here again.”
For a simple moment, Sherlock stands in the open doorway, staring at the
"--d'you mean?"
The ocean steals many things.
Slowly, Sherlock steps further into the stall, the sand whispering around his shoes, grains crunching underfoot. He trails his hand over the hard bumps of Gladstone’s misshapen ribs, coming to rest at his long, low neck.
. Sticking out of the man’s coat. “On my doorstep. Found it today.”
Moriarty dips his hand into his desk, and removes from the drawer a long, crystalline dagger with a silver handle. It’s half the length of his forearm.
John goes on, voice dragging over gravel, “I think I was supposed to be him. I wanted you to have friends - I wanted to be with you, even when you were a kid.” He stops. Breathes. Feels air move through his body. “Thought that maybe I could change it all, I guess?”
Sherlock pocketed the knight-box, unopened.
“I’m just saying,” John grins, “I’d like credit where credit is due.” He hands the letter back to Sherlock. Sherlock tucks the message back inside the envelope, and folds it into his pocket. The note hadn’t mentioned a time, but it should be before midnight, at latest. His nerves are crawling over him from his feet to his ears, a mix of uneasy worry, thrill, suspicion, and temptation. That one’s the newest.
“What?”
And, shockingly, it’s not motivated by the rush of the Races, like absolutely everything is this time of year.
Sherlock’s next.
Hope is dead on the sand, blood over his face and clothes.
It could be Gladstone.
apologize. I’ll see you tomorrow morning at the Yard. I’ll be at the Skarmouth Inn, I-- Oh, oh,” Henry says, like a thought has popped into his memory, “Yes, Mr
is screaming through its teeth underwater, but it sounds like an orchestra, all clashing symbols and high vocals from an opera, a sound that ricochets around Sherlock and winds around his head - the siren song is clear and alluring.
The lightning strikes and gives Moriarty a momentary white flash of an outline, fleetingly illuminating his wild brown eyes and the embroidered red Stockyard symbol over his trousers.
That sounds like Watson is expecting Sherlock to win. Or. Maybe not. But he’s expecting him to have some kind of chance. Perhaps a better chance than his 49 to 1 odds in Hawkins' have given him. Watson expects Sherlock to not lose, to beat at least someone. Or maybe the right word isn’t ‘expect’, maybe it’s ‘assume’. Sherlock isn’t sure how he feels about that.
A high-pitched shriek cut short by a violent rattling of bells - whipping around, Sherlock sees Gladstone rearing, but besides the gasps of the crowd and their school-of-fish-like movement backwards a collective few steps, the only important person on the beach is quiet. Gladstone lands, sending a surge of outrage through the sand that gusts over Sherlock, betraying the water horse’s displeasure.
“Which was it, then? Go on.”
Moriarty’s eyes dance in merriment, and he smoothes back his dark hair. “I have him, Sherlock, and so, I have you, too.” Poignant, perfect, an accurate portrayal, Sherlock shifts his stance. “I love a damsel in distress. That’s what Mr Magnussen says. You know I own half the island, but you don’t know
Wouldn’t it? It seems the most rational thing to do. Take time, take a step away. John doesn't. Between each camera flash he closes in, touching Sherlock’s hand, his arm, his hip, his hair. Here, but quiet. Unrestrained, but somber.
Redbeard doesn’t whinny anymore, and Sherlock holds the papers tight as they briskly hurry towards the old hulk of the house in the dark, and John has grabbed his sopping coat. Sherlock has no clue how he’ll dry that without the help of the machines in the laundry room, but the fabric would shrink to use them.
, his way with the ocean, his morality and his devotion.
He pulls back, holding John’s shoulders at arm’s length. Quickly, he flickers over John’s body, catching at the red smear on the side of his face. Fury rises in his mind before he recognizes that it’s Gladstone’s blood, and it’s streaked along John’s bare hands, too, but his arms clearly are working at full efficiency. With a grunt, John shifts his knee, sloshing through the surf, and they stand together.
Sherlock's head breaks the surface of the water, and he gasps for air. He flounders - and then he's finding the sand beneath his ruined shoes, sinking when he tries to sit back, it's too deep, he’s waist deep in the Scorpio sea.
Though Sherlock only has so much time before the Races finish and he loses John’s interest, he thinks he’ll keep this memory for a long time to come.
At the beginning, it was small, only annoyance for the man who kept trying so hard to embarrass him, often in front of large crowds. It rose, John had saved him from the clutches of a capall uisce that day on the beach, and Sherlock had been unable to let go. Now, it’s a thick, sticky syrup, drenching every thought in Sherlock’s head.
This is all a dream. Most certainly.
Had the presence of the dagger been a threat to John? A threat to Sherlock, or Gladstone? Or was it just to show that Moriarty
“Ah, Mike. That’s kind of him to say. He helped me quite a lot, when I came here,” Watson looks away, into the wind, which throws his hair. Gladstone continues to stare. Watson’s eyes search and find Sherlock’s again. “The others aren't like Gladstone.”
second murder? Let Sherlock dawdle and get dressed and do his hair and take John? “What mistake?”
“Are you alright?”
hair?”
“That horse is a dangerous thing to love.”
His heart hammers a Scorpio drumbeat in his throat. His pulse skips and flutters as he holds out his hand, offering it to Adler. “I will ride.”
“A murder?” He prompts.
Terror engulfs his chest and panicked shouts rise from behind him on the beach - he yanks the reins back and Redbeard rears and squeals, forelegs kicking out and flailing to get away, but the high point throws Sherlock off, letting him topple into the ocean.
In disbelief he quickly raises his hands to his face, feeling the skin on his cheeks, which peels beneath the heavy press of the pads of his fingers.
Sherlock sneers at his inner self, trying to determine when it was that he began to let magic dictate his fate.
Sherlock snorts.
Sherlock is automatically assuming John will come in with him. He doesn’t bother asking if John would like to, just tries to open the latched gate with his damn quivering hands.
not to be out after sunset, that’s when the
“You’re sure of this,” Mrs Hudson says, holding Sherlock’s saddle pad for him. Her lipstick is bright red today, and the blue over her eyelids seems like a tired shadow, like bleak clouds.
Sherlock looks over his shoulder. John said
Redbeard pulls into a stop. Sherlock looks down at it. He removes a small torch from the saddlebag behind him. Redbeard shifts uneasily as he flicks it on, the light failing to pierce far in the thickening mist. There is a patch of matted dark wool, and half a head a few feet away, crushed. Lethargic insects buzz around where the bottom of the jaw would've been.
There’s an otherworldly gloss to his face, long and forbidding, black and haunted, painted in broken leather reins.
Finally, the inspector sighs. He closes the book. “Fine, yeah. Alright. I’ll get Donovan to pull the two of them in--”
He lifts a hand to his neck, allowing John down to the desk.
fast.
Sherlock’s fingers brush the crest on Redbeard’s saddle.
“Because they’re all in love with the ocean.” Gladstone hasn’t stopped moving since the crow hop. His neck is arched, too. He looks ridiculous as he preens for Sherlock and Redbeard. "They only want to get back to it. And they're hard to catch, and they're fast."
“This,” John waves the paper, “is a trap. You know it is.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John says what’s on his mind. “It isn’t the horse I love at all.”
John’s hand squeezes Sherlock’s. Sherlock tightens fiercely, allowing John’s body to sink into his, leaning heaviness and dreaded sorrow against his arm.
John rubs Gladstone’s shoulder affectionately. Sherlock can’t help but note that even while doing this, while acting so familiar with each other, John is still eyeing Gladstone.
John’s fingers tug on his hair. His voice goes soft. “I used to wonder what you’d be like.”
Exactly.
“I’m not accusing you. Just asking,” John assures him. His hand runs up and down over Sherlock’s ribs, easing Sherlock out of his surprised state. “Er - not with a man.”
Now that Sherlock's said that, and John said that in response, he's flustered. Sherlock tries, “I--”
Sherlock processes the vague rustle of fabric, but it’s unreal and far off, of another realm. John’s knees shift and his weight changes over the mattress. He lolls his head to the side and John descends on his neck once more, mouthing a humid path to Sherlock’s collarbone. John’s trousers hit the floor, accompanied by the clink and clatter of his belt buckle on wood. Sherlock would’ve liked to pry that off himself.
is unsaid but the air hangs heavy and wet as if it were shouted.
Sherlock gets the castle from a client.
“No water horse will ever be tamed,” John says. The wind blows his fringe back, showing off the array of colours in his hair, silver and brown and blond and grey, and he's squinting against it.
The man could be fast, however.
John has made their entire first encounter seem like some sort of romantic adventure.
Lestrade sputters, “Wha-- You’re the only witness!”
And this is how Sherlock finds himself pulling on Redbeard’s leadrope, clipped to his halter, to no avail. The horse is not moving. His neck extends when Sherlock pulls, but his shoed hooves are rooted to the stall flooring, which needs to be mucked. After several pointless moments arguing verbally at the horse, Sherlock throws the leadrope onto the flooring, crossing his arms and tilting his chin up at the stallion. Redbeard snorts, and rocks forward. His hooves shift, his stance steadies.
If Darwin had come here, he wouldn't have made it back to the mainland, and his findings would've been just specimens in glass, and nothing consequential at all.
“Someone give me iron. Something iron.” The man says. His raised voice is calmer now, less frantic than it had been when he'd been shouting for room.
On the sand, Sherlock collapses onto his hands and knees, hacking and spitting saltwater with the yellow and white grains digging into his palms. His arms are shaking as they hold him up. Almost as weak-kneed is Watson, behind him, head up, already scanning for a threat while Sherlock’s weak breakfast threatens to make a reappearance.
Hope beats him down with one more stare. Then he jerks Hydria, almost mad with the water and the wind, and walks her away. Gladstone snaps his tail delightfully as she retreats. John follows Hope’s progress with his gun.
John said that he doesn’t trust Gladstone, but there’s no proof of that. Just then, Gladstone could’ve ripped open John’s chest cavity, bitten off his fingers, torn his skin away. Here is the conclusion - John trusts Gladstone. Here is the second one - Gladstone trusts John. It's important not to humanize the animals, for the danger they represent is all too real, but Sherlock finds himself helpless to doing so.
Sherlock’s mouth hardens into a foul line while he stares out at the customers passing the bakery windows. A little pair of boys in knitted jumpers tug excitedly on their mother's hands until they have successfully herded her into the shop door.
Although mismatched terribly, by colour, sheen, style, everything is perfectly positioned. Everything has a place, every frame a poised angle, and nothing is rusty nor dirty. There are no plates or cups out in the (thankfully carpet-free) kitchen, the sink is empty, and the icebox is unfathomably clean. Pillows on the sofas are arranged perfectly. He disrupts a couple photographers, waltzing through the dining room and touching all four legs of the walnut table and generally getting in the way.
“I’ve… I’ve got what I need.”
The first time Sherlock saw the rider atop the black horse, he didn't. It was raining, and there was a tarp over the pony cart. He only saw the water horse and cowered, yanking on the wet reins and nearly tipping over the pony cart filled with grain bags trailing behind Redbeard.
“No. I was in love with you. John, I saw Moriarty at his core. He didn’t care about you or your horse. He cared about what owning Gladstone meant to you, and me, and everyone on the island. I was in love with you, and,” he wavers, “and I didn’t want you to know. Not yet.”
Fine. He’ll just have to go deeper.
The paintings, the classical teacup, the ancient dressers, the old rack of walking canes, everything perfectly aligned against one another. Shadwell was as much of a collector as her killer, albeit chaotic items.
Sherlock scoffs, a sound that breaks embarrassingly in his throat. “Are you going to walk me through your entire morning routine?”
(They do have to shield the sensitive tourists from this area. Who knows? Some of them may not return, if they see that Thisby has as much of an issue with violence as anywhere else in the world does.)
That night, as Sherlock lays awake and stares at the hardwood ceiling after making a conscious effort to the concept of resting his body, he thinks, to the gentle patter of rain. The festival is over, officially, and not many people will be out in the cold rain. It'll put out the bonfires and dampen the rubbish that litters the Skarmouth streets. It'll fill the ocean and dredge up water horses that would rather face the land than the tides by the rocks.
. I wanted to end the world, but I’ll settle for ending yours. I own him.”
And then one of John’s hands settles on Sherlock’s hip. The other clutches the twisted horn of the saddle, in front of them both. Just as the thought of that grip not being enough travels through Sherlock's hotwired brain, John slides the strong arm over his middle, the flat of John’s forearm pressing on Sherlock's belly.
that convinces the last hesitant bits of Sherlock of John’s authenticity. Mycroft would not stage a murder of a citizen to make a point, and Mycroft would never call him brilliant. Or outstanding. Or 'nice'.
And then it pulls, and takes Sherlock outside.
“My leg?”
Sherlock, very slowly, stops moving. He glances over his shoulder. His view of the door and the sofa is obstructed by the partial wall, but the two chairs by the hearth and the table are visible. Afternoon sunlight drifts in from behind the curtains. He draws in a deep breath, but he’s unable to scent an unfamiliar cologne or perfume. He should have heard the door creak, should have heard weight hit the stairs. Should have heard a hundred things that all would've alerted him to an intruder before said intruder was in his flat.
, unable to bite his lip and stifle it quick enough. John kisses where he can, his stubble dragging luxuriously across Sherlock’s skin as he thrusts once more, establishing a slow and rocking rhythm.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why are you training?” Watson’s voice hits him, and Sherlock turns his head to stare back at him.
“You would have been too old to do repairs.” Sherlock touches the wall. Some paint chips. Disinterested, he brushes it off his fingers.
When the tide comes up, like at all points on the island, the ocean reaches several meters above the bottom of the cliffs, like it is straining for the people on land.
“You know the man better than he knows himself, and you’ve never met him?”
One glance to John’s face, the smallest expression that he can see, convinces him. John is entirely sure in this conviction. Sherlock’s eyes widen, and the case takes a new turn.
Because suddenly it's there, hauling itself out of the sea and shaking the Scorpio from its hooves and the froth from its mane, giant grey head shoving close as it breaks the surface of the water.
The same magic has alienated John as much as it has helped him, has made the locals think he is a
Thank you so so much for reading, and if you've been following the story for years, thank you especially. :) While writing this, I reread the book several times. Several scenes involved in this fic were inspired from the book, but after the initial set up, the fic sort of breaks away. After all, Sherlock Holmes is Sherlock Holmes, which means murder follows.
“Yes!”
training below on the shore occasionally startle Redbeard, there's no fear of him spooking himself and running off.
‘John’ doesn't look away from the mare. He grips the top of the leather braided leadrope in one hand and uses the other to wind the iron necklace around the blonde’s halter. This is the kind of magic Thisby holds, wound tight round local throats. The sort that is folktale by day, but, in the dark, is as real as Sherlock Holmes or any man or woman on the island, the sort that only few can wield.
To the person who used the wrong pseud..I won't post your comment. Go ahead and try again with the right one. You have no idea how many johnlock posts I've accidentally put on my dog's blog!!
She'd spent so much of her life feeling powerless, and she was finally beginning to feel that she was in control.
"Doctor Jane Watson," Jane amended, eyes fixed on Sherlock's plump bottom lip. "Formerly of the Northumberland Fusiliers."
"Bloody bath. Take a bloody bath in some madwoman's magical claw footed tub. It'll probably wake up mid-soak and scare me to death," Jane grumbled, sitting on the closed lid of the tub with her shirt and pants in her lap.
John chuckled and pulled him close for a kiss. Sherlock sighed as John's hands found their way into his hair and fingers scratched at his scalp. When he pulled away he was already breathless.
So tomorrow I'll sit next to him again. Me and the madman. Me and Sherlock Holmes.
John glanced over at him and smiled softly. A wave of warmth rolled over them and the lights flickered and Sherlock felt a soft brush against his neck.
And now I've gone and spent the whole time talking about Sherlock. I suppose once you meet him you have no other choice.
"I like girls, dad. Cunts and breasts," Harriet said with a false smile.
"What's that?" John asked, turning to him with furrowed brows.
John still had his head rested against the back of the chair when Sherlock crawled into his lap again. He sighed and looked up as Sherlock started on his trousers. Sherlock's lack of pants and hard cock were nearly enough to give John a heart attack as he acquiesced to the unzipping and pulling down of his own.
_____
"I, uh..." he said, choking a bit on his words and stalling altogether.
"Lust is a captivity of the reason and an enraging of the passions. It hinders business and distracts counsel. It sins against the body and weakens the soul," John recited smoothly.
"With all due respect, sir," John said, filling it with as much vitriol as was humanly possible, "you're obviously not here in a professional capacity. When you feel like acting as my boss, instead of a jealous thirteen-year-old, let me know. Until then, I'll leave you two to bicker."
“Sherlock. I didn’t, I wasn’t aware that, sorry, sorry.” She gathered herself and began again. “Did you just smell me?”
Sherlock hummed in response.
He hit play.
The time for drinking it all in one go was gone, and they both nursed the amber liquid.
“It’s - for your hand.”
“The one who went over the cliffs? Yes, it is, don’t you think it’s horrible?”
The other side of the island.
he’d felt.
“And he really was quite worried about you when you had gotten all wet. I thought I was the only one who worried like that!”
The two screams fade into one, Gladstone.
A glance to John. He is half beneath the duvet he had pulled aside for Sherlock during the night, laying on his side where Sherlock has slipped away, his hair a disaster and with half his face creased from the pillow. Sherlock’s chest absolutely swells, and this is when he must turn away. Up for hours, remember, forgotten all about this, remember.
The man’s chestnut snaps at Hydria, and the sound of those teeth snapping together make Redbeard flinch while the water horses move back several feet, displaying themselves to each other and to Redbeard. Sherlock tries to hide the fact that he can't keep Redbeard still by rocking him into motion, pacing him back and forth, dangerously close to the cliff edges. Both of the predators are affected by the wind, clearly not used to being assaulted with all these scents while they have riders on their backs. The chestnut clacks its teeth near Hydria's ear, who retaliated by stomping her foreleg down hard, and making a hissing sound high in her throat.
Somehow, the vomit stink is the worst thing about all of this.
He can’t move. He sees Jefferson Hope’s spectacles in the bonfire of the rider’s parade, so reflective that they burn twin holes through his front, the same feeling he gets from Moriarty’s cloying stare. Hope’s throat is oozing blood.
went?” Sherlock says through gritted teeth, a low tone that typically coaxes an instigation from lesser people.
