“Alright. This is where we popped up”, Dean pointed to a spot marked in charcoal, Cas remembered having done that marking in his room, “And this is where the nest is”, he pointed at a cross made in red ink to the northeast of that.
. It hurt like a motherfucker. One thing was jumping over the flames, so that the fire barely licked his pants. Thrusting himself completely into it, back first- now,
And finally close, he shot his hand to the blue crystal, shouted an order, and disappeared in a blink.
The Road So Far: Dean has accepted to take Cas hunting with him as they search for his lost brother Sam. The noble will provide the means, and the magic; while Dean will provide the experience and knowledge of a seasoned hunter.
He opened his eyes to see only red and black. Flames in the darkness, infinity all around him only crossed by chains and smoke. The smell of sulfur filled his senses, and the one of the rotting metal of the crooked knife that was slowly getting closer to his chest.
He opened his eyes in confusion. For a second he only saw the back of Cas´s neck and his hairline. His stomach was dancing the hula, between the flying trips and adrenaline. He looked around and he recognized, up above…
He turned back to Dean, who was looking at him wide-eyed. He opened his arms a bit with a small, tired smile.
“But that is not me. In my case, I´m a healer. I see someone that needs healing, I heal them. I don´t go town to town fighting diseases, I can´t afford that kind of time. I have a lot of responsibilities and duties to attend. But… if something like this presents itself to me, I can´t turn it down. What kind of a healer would that make me?”
He looked at his arm. He could see the healed skin. All up to his elbow, since the fabric of his clothes had burned all the way there. There was that usual, tanned skin; healthy and whole, no wounds visible.
Because they knew it was their kind of deal. According to the articles, the woman in the hospital kept blabbing about her perfect life lost, her long-dead son being with her again, how badly she wanted to go back.
He opened his eyes suddenly, making an exhausted sound on his closed throat, and started patting at Dean´s grip with his occupied hands: the one with the gun, and another balled into a fist, all bloodied. He looked at him in horror, wincing in pain as he tried to breathe.
Castiel stopped arranging his pajamas and looked up at Dean. The hunter felt like a practice dummy, so stiff he was holding himself. Those blue eyes were
His father turned to him as he munched… and smiled just a bit, mostly with his eyes. Like he did so often when Dean had made him proud.
“I can smell wolf on you. And a shit ton of fear sweat. Something scared you outta your mind after you last showered”
“You sure you´re alright?”, Dean asked in disbelief, tugging on the neck of his tunic to peek behind it with a grimace.
“It´s nothing. I´m a bit curious, but that´s all. We said we´d learn it at birth and that´s what we´ll do. Don´t worry, Jess”, he smiled at his wife.
“Exactly. When the clusterfuck ended, I made us walk north, even though I knew we had moved away from the original planned path to avoid the endragas…”
A big black spider was climbing a tree upfront, its body the size of a melon, its legs spreading even wider. It was incredibly strange that Dean hadn’t noticed it, being right in front of them. The hunter, who stopped at his call, followed his look and snorted, shaking his head dismissively.
“Please, don’t use that as a blank check to drink even more”, the mage pleaded with a worried smile.
Oh. And the fucking beasts kept trying to bite Cas on his wings, causing him obvious extreme pain, and they were
“I´m mad because you inflicted horrendous wounds on yourself, Dean”, countered the angel, “If I had been too tired to heal you, you could have died there, at the mercy of our enemies”
Cas smiled fondly at him. Samandriel was the youngest of them all, the last son, and that implied he was the least powerful of all of them. Nevertheless, he trained constantly, working hard every day to surpass the low expectations everyone had put on him since he was born. And he was managing. What he lacked in raw talent, he was compensating through effort and will.
He scrubbed off what he knew was a mix of demon blood, hellhound blood, his own; and very probably angel blood too, from when he had lifted Cas. Bits of burnt clothing stuck stubbornly at him. By the time he was done, parts of his skin were pink and sensitive, but he felt cleaner than in a long time.
They all got silent and looked at Kevin, who had suddenly stood up. He was shaking, and had a look of hatred hooked on them.
Okay, I´m seeing that I´m absolutely unable to post like, every Sunday or on a specific given day. I feel I will be better if I just, post whenever the f**k I want xD So... yeah, I guess Ill try to get to like approximately a chapter a week of either one of my two fanfics, but if like today I wanna post two, that´s okay. And if next week I don't post anything cause you got two this week that´s okay too. Life is hard enough for me to put strict rules on myself on something that´s meant to make me happy xD And I hate to tell myself "waaaaaaiiit till Sunday..." when I´m hyped and I really wanna post! So now it´s open season :)
“You’ll get the hang of it”, he told him with a kind voice, “Just gotta train the eye, give it time. I’m sure you didn’t just, wake up one day and start spewing light outta your hands, right?”
Castiel turned around as he heard snarls and grunts behind him, demons and hellhounds pouring through the corner. Panting in anticipation, blade high, he moved backwards to the end of the aisle, hoping the roaring fire that weakened him more the closer he got to it would also give him some cover. His Grace allowed him to see the first hellhound that jumped through the fire.
Cheerful sunshine entered the white-tiled kitchen through the glass doors and the big picture windows. The room faced the backyard, and it received gladly every ounce of light the exterior would offer. Outside, Dean could see the big extension of grass where he had learned to play catch with his dad, as well as throwing knives; surrounded by trees and bushes, a high wooden fence delimiting the whole space. Mountains in the distance. Clear skies.
“So we leave your father stranded here at the house?”, she said arching an eyebrow, as if she were actually considering it.
So hey, if he came around an abandoned cart with stuff… Payday. He had no remorse in checking up pockets on corpses- poor bastards wouldn’t need anything anymore, right? He had found other ways to make money. Had gotten pretty damned good at poker, was able to hassle an idiot or two each month. And if he found a very fucking arrogant royal guard that was abusing his authority enough to piss him off and that didn’t pay enough attention to his money bag- that was the douche’s problem.
He all but chased them back down down the stairs, toward the front door, and then out of it. They stumbled onto the front porch, perplexed and a little frightened.
Steven Fortinsky, self-proclaimed Wizard of Time, lived in an old converted funeral parlor out near the edge of town. He said he liked being close to dead people because it was quieter there. It was the most normal thing he had ever said to either Sam or Dean, and it almost made sense in a weird sort of psychic way, except that Steven had never once shown any penchant for speaking to the dead.
Sam and Dean slipped off their shoes and followed Steven along the hallway, its walls lined with clocks of all kinds. There were digital clocks and analog clocks, antique carved clocks and the kinds of mercenary plastic clocks that hung in schools and prisons. Each one ticked away as part of a discordant cacophony, none of them set to the same time. In other rooms, chimes could be heard, distantly sounding out the hour (or
“A little,” Dean said, which probably meant he’d nodded off for a few minutes while waiting for something to finish baking. Currently, he was pouring the contents of a mixing bowl into a pie crust.
“Dean,” Missouri said tightly, “if your store was burning down with Sam inside of it, that man would not spit to put it out, and you are sending him the hard earned money they bring in?”
“Now don’t do that,” Missouri said, reaching out to clasp his hand. “Don’t get down on yourself. How many times do I have to tell you? We’re all given options in life. Our opportunities are not who we are. Only the choices we make determine that.”
When they break apart again, Dean feels breathless, like they’ve been kissing for eons instead of just a few tender seconds.
“Sometimes people don’t really want advice, even when they ask for it,” Dede said reasonably. “They just want to feel seen.”
“And when did you decide on our daughter’s college plans?” Tess asked. “Last I checked, she couldn’t even read yet.”
“Friend?” Dean asked. “I don’t have any friends.” He considered that statement. “Man, that sounded really depressing. Sam, do we not have any friends?”
“If it isn’t the most beautiful woman in the world,” Dean greeted her. “Have you realized you’re too good for James yet?”
Dean falls to his knees and pries at it with his fingers. The tile is stiff from over a hundred years of gathered dust and dirt and damp, but he can feel it start to wiggle in its place. He picks up the shotgun and raises the butt of it into the air, then slams it down. The tile cracks. A few more slams and it breaks open, revealing a small crevice squeezed between the floor and the wall.
“That was rude,” it said. “She’s still in here, Sam. Are you really gonna spit on a lady? Even an obnoxious old windbag like this one?”
John stood and went to the kitchen, leaving his tea sitting on the table, still mostly untouched. He’d hardly had more than a sip. Missouri resisted the urge to lean over and see what his tea leaves were doing. Her curiosity wasn’t great enough to overcome her trepidation.
“No, shut up,” he said. “You weren’t there. I turned around to leave, except something dripped on my shoulder. I looked up and.” He left out a shaky breath. “You were on the ceiling. And then you caught fire.”
Steven hummed happily as he accepted the box, opening the lid and wiggling his fingers over it as he made his selection.
I pretty much consider everything after season 5 to be optional, especially since the show itself has minimal consistency. This is extra true for the witchcraft stuff, which I've essentially made up wholesale aside from a few things. There's just so much contradictory and confusing lore. I'd rather play around and write to fit a tone than try and make it match canon. The same thing basically extends to all other post-s5 lore. Expect some cherry picking. Nothing wild and crazy, don't worry too much, but mechanically speaking it probably won't acknowledge or fit with some stuff that happens in later seasons.
Still, he keeps reading. An uncomfortable feeling has been knocked loose in his chest, and it’s the same stirring fear that had whined like a wounded animal in response to the dead nun’s prophecy. The same thing, or its ugly kin. Dragged suddenly into view, it begins to unfurl.
She smiles. The thin skin covering her skull stretches nearly to the point of tearing, and Dean has to remind himself that ghosts can't read minds.
“You just keep looking after your brother,” Missouri said. “You’ve done a good job of it so far. Leave the worrying to the adults. Alright?”
He is remembering, all of a sudden, many fragments of many things. A mosaic of times Dean looked, then looked away.
“Let's get one of you with the family, Sam,” she'd said, shuffling the four of them closer together.
He was on the floor, playing with some stupid toy. Dean couldn't remember what now - a truck of some kind. The kid had always had a thing about trucks. Dean hadn't looked back to see what the matter was, though, just shushed him.
“Paranoid, aren’t you?” Dean asked. He snatched the canteen from Sam, took a swig, then handed it back to Sam. “I can see why you and Dad get along.”
“Nah, we aren’t doing too bad,” Dean said. “But Dad ran into a bit of trouble in Albuquerque last month and I had to wire him some money. Cut into our savings a little, that’s all.”
“Who says they’re premonitions?” Dean asked. “You’ve never shown any kind of sign of clairvoyance before in your life. And you’ve done just about everything else.”
Sam descended the ladder so that Steven could climb up past him. Steven adjusted his glasses, looking puzzled as he gazed around the attic. Just as Sam had said, there was nothing there.
The pounding on the cell door ceases. He listens for a moment, just to be sure. A minute passes, then another. Not a sound can be heard out in the hall.
That was a lie. I know exactly where this is going and it's going to be a Journey. Tags and summary (and probably rating, too, tbh) to be updated as things go.
“Look, we don’t have to tell him everything,” Dean finally said. “But we need help. We need to know how to fight something like this. I mean, do you know any exorcisms? No, I didn’t think so. At the very least, we need to know what the hell to do with the body.”
More than twenty years pass. There are many things in between. Many, many things. Enough that forgetting is no longer just a blessing but an inevitability. The Dean of seventeen feels so far away, he doubts he would recognize him if they passed each other on the street. That boy is a ghost, just as his father is now, and if they haunt Dean, they do it with company, and their voices are lost in the same chorus that drowns the poem out.
He turned on the light and shook himself, trying to rid himself of the cloying sense of deja vu. Nothing had happened. Nothing was amiss. There was no one here. Had he just imagined the sounds? Was it just his nerves and the lack of sleep playing with his mind? Dean was out at the bar, safely out of harm’s way, and everything in his room was exactly as he’d left it, down to the -
Dean hovered unhappily in the threshold. He glanced over his shoulder at Sam, only to find his brother grinning into his sleeve. He always seemed inordinately pleased to watch Dean being scolded. Dean glared until Sam schooled his expression.
“Alright, alright,” the demon said. “All work and no play makes Sam a dull boy. But you’re right. I came here to do a job.”
Sam sucked in a breath and stumbled backward a step. The strange sense of unreality that had gripped him the moment he’d seen her face went careening rapidly back into fear.
“Alright, take a seat,” Missouri said. “Get comfortable. I want to get a nice clear picture of what’s going on inside your head.”
For a bizarre moment, Sam thought he was having the weirdest nightmare of his life. That was the only explanation he could think of that would adequately explain what he was seeing. He nearly reached up and pinched himself as he stared at the figure standing in his bedroom doorway.
If not, he’s in trouble - his hand is shaking as he draws the salt line along the floor in front of the door. He spills too much. By the time he’s finished with the window, there’s barely any left in the container. Definitely not enough to salt another room.
At first glance, Rising Sun Magic Supply looked like little more than a cluttered pawn shop. The front windows were crammed with signs and displays that blocked out most of the natural light, and the interior lighting was dim. Long, deep shadows spilled through the maze of towering shelves, gathering here and there in its nooks and crannies. The layout appeared random, but it had actually been carefully set out to fit all of their stock while still somehow managing to meet ADA regulations. If you pulled up one of the many colorful rugs that covered the concrete floor, you could see the chalk markings from where Sam had measured it all with a yardstick. Well, you'd see the chalk markings, plus a few other things, too.
“No way!” he said. “Not Pam! I love that chick! Hey Sammy, remember your twenty-first birthday party? Your first legal drink was a body shot off of her, wasn’t it? Man, those were good times.”
As he moves, something catches his eye - there, in the corner, on the floor. One of the stone tiles is oddly discolored. It catches the light differently than the others - the pale moonlight that spills through the room’s small window. The tile is slightly raised, and broken at one corner.
“Okay, let’s get you up,” Dean said, sticking his hands under Sam’s armpits and hoisting him upward.
The smile dropped from Dean’s lips almost as quickly as it had arrived. As casually as possible, he put his hand on his hip near where his gun was tucked into the back of his jeans.
They went straight to Missouri’s after that, but she couldn’t see anything more than she already had, and didn’t have any more advice to offer.
There was a pause, the thunk of a lock and the slide of a deadbolt, and then the door swung open to reveal an older man with a beard and a trucker cap. He was frowning at them, but he had the kind of face you sort of expected to look displeased as a matter of course.
“I know,” Missouri sighed. “I wish we didn’t fight, either. I just care too much about you boys to keep my mouth shut.” She shook her head. “My two Winchesters.”
By his side, the angel took a deep breath and steeled himself, straightening his back. Dean smirked, he looked as if he was squaring his shoulders for his garrison inspection.
They shot, emptying their guns, grateful that all the victims were laying on the floor; but no bullet got to the creature. It rose two freaking sets of arms ending in long-nailed hands on the air in an ominous gesture.
The tentacles became iron strong, and Dean could hear all of them grunt while he gasped desperately for air, his pulse pounding on his ears. Crowley smiled wickedly as he got closer.
burned, but only like one little chicken wing. Holy shit, had that Echidna chick taken his memory of Castiel's recent incident with the Helly Holy Fire and used it for his nightmare sequence? That
“Jack?”, Dean asked in the sky´s general direction, “I… You said you´d be in every raindrop or whatever, so… I guess you´re here, somewhere. I… I´d like to ask you a favor”
“Don’t worry, you will be fine”, murmured Sam to the victim as the clacking of the briefcase being opened was heard.
He looked down at himself, still over the covers. At his knee, sans the pillow, since he had kicked it away. At his own hands, sweaty and trembling.
“Mm-hm”, Charlie conceded, though she didn´t sound convinced, “So… why the late call? Do you need anything?”
The monster opened his jaws to roar in pain, releasing the angel; and Dean slight his throat. They both fell to the ground in a scramble of paws and limbs.
“Yeah”, Dean smiled for a moment, “It’s original name was The Impaler, you know. Cause my dad started killing vampires, and when you don’t cut their heads, what you gotta do is impale them through the heart. But Sammy”, he laughed for a second, “he was very young, and he didn’t know how to say
Bobby told him that if he did it often enough, the not charging per contract thing, word would get around. Everyone would start whining to him, asking not to pay- and it would be his ruin as a hunter. He wanted to believe in the goodness of people, but he knew the world was filled with dicks. Too many people were sons of bitches that would smack their grandma to sell her golden teeth- depending on how much an asshole they were… or how desperate. But… some really needed help. And Dean couldn’t refuse them.
“I know how stubborn you are… and I don’t intend to put up with it. I´m not even gonna offer you a painless surrender, Kevin. I know you. You´ll refuse, fight, trick… But worry not. I assure you, lad. Two more of these beauties inside of your pretty little skull… and you´ll be singing the tablet jingle to me”, and Crowley looked at the other demon.
The man had his face mere inches from his. He had at some point taken both of his wrists with one fist, and his other hand was clutching at his jaw, preventing him from looking away.
… He closed his eyes and went deep in his mind, deeper than he had in a long time, and said in a low voice:
, turning, somehow searching. The red flowers as big as the mage´s hands somehow opened, and opened,
. He took all of the staff members, housekeep or soldiers, that got to him before my older brothers did”
“No, Dean, Dean”, Charlie insisted quickly, as if to stop him from hanging up, “What is it, man? Don´t worry me”
“Make me more of that elixir thingy. I´ll take it at whatever hour I gotta take it. Will stay out of trouble, just scouting, until it´s finished patching me up”
The mage looked at him, and for a second he felt how tired his body was. He sighed and nodded, surrendering, and allowed himself to simply keep eating.
He took a deep breath and, with tense movements, went to finish cleaning his other arm. He shot a glance at the hunter ́s face. He was still sound asleep. He mentally thanked God for that while an intense wish that the earth opened up to swallow him tugged insistently at his guts. Cas closed his eyes in an effort to compose himself and continue.
. All you´ve done since you defied orders, Cas- that´s what´s made you the coolest angel on Earth, or Heaven, or Hell. You´re awesome. Don’t be thinking otherwise”
Upon entering, the smell of lavender got to him. The floor and walls of the small chamber were made of white marble, and his steps echoed slightly as he walked it. In every corner there was a white glowing crystal set on the wall by a silvery metal claw, and their light gave the stance an ambiance of purity and neatness.
“Cas… I´m not saying it was your fault, cause it wasn’t, okay? But with the lockdown of Heaven, all you did with Metatron, the same happened. You didn´t
He ran. Along stonewall corridors decorated with portraits, with tapestries, with sets of armor. Glowing orange crystals illuminated every hallway, set into the stone by cold silver claws. He tried his best not to fall down the spiral staircase, and almost slid when he took the turn that would lead him to the antechamber of the Great Hall.
The hunter gave him a confused, frowny expression for a second, to later let out a little burst of acid laughter.
And slightly fascinating, he realized soon enough. Every muscle that lay behind slightly pale skin that he unveiled, he knew its name.
He stopped, he was just babbling. He would hate to have obsessed so much about what came next if Jack ended up just, not doing his part.
He saw one of them crouch to jump and, unable to keep two spells at the same time, he let the light die out as he flung his left hand towards it: the creature was swatted in mid-jump and fell scrambling into the forest ground.
Ah! For your info, fingerite actually exists. When I was researching for special minerals, I couldn't believe I had found one that grew on volcanoes and dissolved in rain xD Just PERFECT for an angel! I don´t really know if it´s expensive, though, or if volcanoes have to actually be active for it to grow. But they do grow in Tolbachik volcano in Russia- at least I found online a fingerite that came from that place. And since Misha is russian, I found it funny and I incorporated all of that ^^
Night had fallen, bringing the chill of the last remnants of autumn, so he had lit up the fireplace beside his desk in his study area. The soft crackling of the fire always calmed him, and it was all he heard as he passed the cloth over a slightly stubbled, scratch- covered jaw. He returned the towel to the basin, and when he squeezed it under the lukewarm water, dirt drew swirly dark clouds against the silvery background. Crystalline droplets joined the sound of fire as he retrieved the cloth.
He could see Dean from there. God, he looked tiny in comparison to the monsters. The hunter had his black sword held in both hands, and he was sidestepping with his teeth gritted.
Dean barked out a laugh and his eyes automatically went to where his dad… was looking at the fighting girls, pointedly away from where Mary, Cas and Ellen talked. His spirits dimmed a bit, before a slight angry frown formed on his brow.
Reassured, he tried to forget about his patient’s wounds for the time being and he looked down at the cloth. It was damp and he saw some bubbles on it, as well as patches of different colors- endraga’s blood, centipede and lignarium ichor, dirt… He suddenly realized that those substances could be toxic, especially the centipede’s ichor, and could have hurt Dean if he had decided to use his hands for eating without cleaning them before. Or him.
“It´s… okay”, he mumbled, and looked down for a second, “You came to rescue me. I-I knew you would. That’s all that counts. Although”, he shot a glance at Dean, “I was right! I was not being paranoid, they were
He waited at the end of the stairs with his foot tapping impatiently. Anticipation rolled in his chest and made his guts all giddy. It was
“But they were munching on some stupid dead moose”, Dean grunted angered, “Got thrown to the bench for nothing…”
The mage scrambled back and into his feet, the upper body falling by his side and twitching, scythes a foot from his face. He walked back a few steps, panting as his heart pounded in absolute terror, eyes locked on the monster.
Castiel hadn’t liked the idea of eating fish with his bare hands and was using his little cutlery, and his posture was unyielding and firm yet not upset as he cut into it with stiff movements, his back very straight. The mage frowned a bit at Dean’s sentence, his cutlery stopping, and thought for a second as he tilted his head as if searching for the right words.
“Truly, Dean… the only thing now is resting. My Grace will recover after a while, and will heal itself soon”
He didn´t answer, but he couldn’t help his frown from appearing, and his face must have visibly fallen cause Dean frowned and tilted his head slightly in confusion or worry.
“Hasn´t gotten a lot worse”, he heard him say, and felt him clap his shoulder, “You´re okay, buddy. You did it. Get some rest”
Running was exhausting. Using magic was too, and he was aware that he should save some of his magical strength in case they run into trouble. At some point he had stopped giving himself magical help, and his breathing became winded, his steps started faltering.
complicate things a bit. It came with a side dish of waiting eternities in the dark, hiding around the stupid place until some poor bastard passed; and it was earning them a ton of avoidable punches and kicks. But it felt like an interesting challenge, at the most. At the end of the day, those people didn´t see in the dark, their punches didn´t send them flying towards the walls, and none of them could turn their entrails into goo just by looking at them funny. It was a nice change.
“My sword. My stuff, my bag, I can´t find them. I want to sharpen my blade while you get ready. It needs the best maintenance I can give it, it´s very important. It´s bad enough I didn’t take care of it these past days. Where did you put it after healing me?”
Castiel blinked, confused. Did that mean anything? Or was fire simply as flimsy and whimsical as ever? He feared Sam to be hurt, but immediately discarded the theory- Gabriel had assured him that this spell was related to
“I promise, you will feel better in the morning. Then we will reassess the situation. I ́ll see what I can do to help you find your brother, okay?”, said in a firm, caring voice, “Maybe I can make you some potions, or find something that helps you move quicker”
He took the last sip of his beer as he saw Mary take Cas in front of Ellen, to which he´d never actually spoken more than two sentences, but his presence was received with some smiling and some approval nodding as his mother showed the shiny rock. Dean smiled to himself. He´d be fine, and the mingling would be good for him. But he was outta booze, so he walked all the way to the grill, beside which the cooler with drinks had been established.
Castiel knew perfectly well what was happening to him. He fully understood it, found it logical; and if he stopped to think about it for a second, he knew that it was bound to happen someday.
“We’ve been lucky they weren’t drinking in the stream”, the hunter murmured as he looked forward, never stopping.
“Yes, Dean”, he said, moving away so he let the fabric slip through his fingers, very annoyed for some reason. Personal space?
- PaxMortis, my incredible beta-reader. You practically unassembled this chapter to build it again and it was SO NECESSARY. Thank you, a thousand times.
Cas looked at him with sad eyes and then lowered them to the ground. Dean sighed and walked back to him.
Dean turned around, hands on his hips, his head hanging forward for a second, panting slightly. Cas took a deep breath and let it out in a sigh, heart pounding. He had panicked for a second when he had seen the lonely flame. Dean had probably too.
“You got enough mojo to send us back?”, Dean said tilting his head with a kind expression, “Or do you need to get some rest first?”
But Dean was paying no attention to his chest, or him, whatsoever. His green eyes were scanning the landscape around them, alert and attentive, as a slight breeze rustled a bit his dark blonde hair. Cas eyed him up and down, noting again his black boots and dark brown, leather reinforced trousers. Those were clothes more suited for the wilderness. The only note of color was his dark green shirt, half-hidden by a brown vest on his chest and black pieces of armor over his shoulders and arms. Probably that array of colors would be easily camouflaged if the hunter had to hide in the forest.
The Darkness and the War Plague- but he had indeed been the first one to find a text on something called the Croatoan virus. He had linked all affections and proposed a common origin... and had stated that a thorough research on it all could result on a cure for the gravest problem the Kingdom of Heaven faced.
“Cas… I owe you an apology”, he said with a painful grimace, looking away, “When you said… what you said, I… I just stood there…”
They must have entered through a door at his back, got close to the demon silently and killed it without it being the wiser. Not allowing it to use him as hostage.
But Sammy was good. He had trained him, dammit. He looked over the clearing again- and this time, instead of fear, it was pride that overflowed his chest. His brother had been here with no backup, but had managed to kick a whole pack of rawheads in the ass. Not that he thought he couldn’t do it. It’s just, no matter how good one was; anyone could have a bad move, a fucked up roll of the dice. Like a pair of claws on the belly right before his Baby stroke the killing blow on the last slasher of the pack. He snorted, and realized that he had been smiling for a bit now.
Castiel fell silent at that. He didn’t feel like a very capable healer at that moment. A rookie mistake had prolonged his patient´s suffering, and at the same time rendered him helpless to help him otherwise through magic. He looked up to see Dean looking at him, and the hunter made a small smile.
“I thought we were using the map of the nests, go towards them instead of trying to find Sam´s trail. Wouldn´t that be faster?”, Cas asked in confusion.
“So yeah, Dean, Jess and I thought we could have lunch with you and dad, is that so bad?”, Sam smiled.
He risked a glance into those loving blue eyes. He remembered… all the things he had told him before sacrificing himself. Cas had always seen him from such a different light. He´d always seen the good in him. With such admiration.
That is- until he saw Dean crawling. The hunter dragged himself on the ground beneath the creature´s legs, surfacing on its other side, sword still in hand. He quickly got to his feet and wavered a bit as he planted them, a pained expression on his dirty face as he faced his enemies again.
“Nothing”, said Sam, still smirking, his attention away from his brother, “Okay. You think that will work…? Well, guess there´s just one way to find out... Yeah, yeah, we will… Okay. Don´t worry, Cas, we got this… Yeah. ´kay, call you soon”
Another two sandwiches were already in two plates on the counter. His brother rose his gaze to the door while Dean stood there, and bobbed his head up with half a smile before he started turning the sandwiches around with two spatulas so they wouldn’t become undone during the process. The already melting cheese sizzled against the iron. Sam hadn’t got all bloodied and ashen like him, so he had probably skipped shower and gone to make some dinner for everyone.
”, the mage frowned, “The damage had not accumulated enough to be a problem yet, but it would in a few years…”
I did a little something. I recorded an audio clip of me narrating the first part of this chatper with some creepy music on the background. I know there is a moment when I stutter, and being a perfectionist it stabs me right on the gut- but I seriously don´t have the energy of doing it again, and knowing myself if I don't post it now I won´t ever do it. So... would you please check it out? I did an Ivox account and posted it there. Here´s the link:
He felt Castiel´s hand on his cheek, making him look into his eyes. The angel looked extremely worried for him, suffering for his suffering.
He managed to look back, where indistinct forms were getting up on their paws, shaking heads as if disoriented. He turned and his desperate eyes locked on the bluestone, only steps away. His way to safety.
The obviously exhausted hunter looked at him for a second more; then his eyes roamed around the room in confusion, to later glance back at his black-ooze leaking wound with a frown.
“To all of my minions. We appear to have an angelic intruder on aisle 6B. The one that gets me his wings, will get anything they desire granted”
The mage took a second to… admire his marvelous, wonderful headache-less state. Oh, God. That night had made wonders on him. He closed his eyes to feel his own power, and found it ready to obey his dispositions. He smiled to himself. He was back.
Breath heaving, sobs retching his chest, Dean´s eyes searched for his brother´s at the other side of the glass. His baby brother tried to smile at him through the tears, through the awful suffering that coursed through his whole body, before wincing in absolute regret and hiding his face into Jessica´s shoulder, holding her tightly. She did the same.
He frowned a bit at his headache, and apparently, Gabriel noticed, because he gave him an inquisitive look.
”, he said in a mocking tone, eyes squint and mouth twisted in disdain, moving his hands around sillily.
The young healer stared at Dean for a second. Cas was still his doctor, and he needed healing. Dean seemed more pacified now. He might not immediately push him away… The hunter, feeling observed, looked up from the map and stared back into Cas.
Dean frowned a bit then, looking at Cas. He looked back at the footprint, and then up at the sky, where the sun was still shining bright.
“As you well have proved dozens of times”, he nodded, “But damn, you certainly can look like one when you want”
“When he lost his Grace, as soon as he got on his feet again, what´s the first thing he did? Hunting. Later, he got himself right in the middle of the fighting amongst angels. He´s a seraph, a warrior. Maybe fighting
The hunter seemed in a gloomy, frowny mood as he arranged his boots, and the mage wondered if he would be regretting his decision of bringing him along. Unwilling for his last offer to stay on Dean´s mind, Castiel rose to his feet a bit hurriedly… and suddenly became very aware of the thin clothes that covered his body.
“Thanks”, he said accepting the paper plate, and added an excited, “Uuh!”, as he was handed a cold beer too.
Castiel put his angel blade back on its sheath and kneeled, while Dean turned to look at where apparently Sam’s trail was leading. The hope and happiness in his eyes were undeniable. Cas took the bluestone out of his bag and held it in his hands for a moment as he stilled his thoughts. He felt he was taking too long, but the hunter did not rush him. He finally took a deep breath.
Castiel pressed his lips and looked away, frowning. Dean sighed and sat on the chair, looking earnestly at him for a second.
They turned to the door, but the woman Sam had been attending was in the way, as well as a corpulent black man. Dean pointed his gun at them.
He didn’t realize he had paid no attention whatsoever to his surroundings until Dean firmly grabbed his arm, turned him towards him, and covered his mouth.
And as Dean slowly let out a breath he hadn´t realized he´d been holding, John Winchester walked away calmly to get a
”, Dean chuckled dryly looking at the shelves filled with exotic ingredients, then the decorated picture window, “Look at you in your ivory tower…”
“Do I look like a ditchable prom date to you?”, his brother asked, raising his eyebrows in defiance and looking at him pointedly.
“Our… peoples live very differently”, Cas tried to add, softly and compassionately, a bit shaken by his own reaction, “And did I just tell you we don’t get sick... It was a valid question”
“I don’t have the slightest clue of what you´re talking about, mum”, Sam said with faked innocence, a dramatic hand to his chest, “I was simply driving by and I remembered it was your birthday, and I thought about stopping to say hi”
In the few next moments… nothing happened. He was alone, in that road surrounded by farmland. His eyes darted from one place to the next, expecting… something,
Dean took his finger to his mouth, eyes very alert, and Cas looked at him for a second, questioning. The hunter nodded, and Castiel took one of the candles on the table and lowered it to the liquid.
“That was awesome, Cas. And it took real guts to come back like that. However”, he pointed very severely at him, his voice suddenly a growl, “I
the pain, in his soul, as the most terrible thing he had ever felt. He would gladly leave all of his loved ones to die to prevent that pain on the creature. He would
For a tiny second, Dean felt a dejá vu. He felt again on that barn, the first time he´d seen Cas. Cause his eyes were stormy, promising mayhem. His annoyance was gone, replaced by a deep fury, and… hurt, he could see too.
As the hunter laughed uncontrollably, Cas giggled too, looking down in slight embarrassment, remembering having been suddenly squashed to the ground.
The spaced conifers gave way to a mixed forest of oaks and maples that joined the pines and firs. Summer was starting, so even though the forest floor still had a patchy blanket of brown and red leaves, most of the deciduous trees had green growing leaves on their strong branches already. Amongst the fallen leaves, some tree roots rose and dived down again, twisting amongst the ferns that grew in patches on the ground and the lowest part of the tree trunks. The ferns that grew on the trees fought for space there with the intertwining stems of ivys that climbed up and around saprophyte mushrooms that grew horizontally, huddled together in little groups, high enough on the trees so that most creatures couldn’t reach them. Even though the light was a bit dwindled by the treetops, the decline in altitude allowed the presence of so much more vegetal life- and running was not an option anymore.
“Territorial markings”, the hunter said flatly as he pointed to the bark of a tree, “Salamanders. We’d better avoid them if we don’t want to waste time fighting”
“Think about how they are… well, not raised, but maybe trained. Until very recently, most in Heaven was ready for the Apocalypse, the ultimate confrontation against Hell. Armies are counted in numbers. Every warrior is just one more piece on the board. You´re burning those, Dean”
The mage went to one of the drawers in his lab area and took what looked like a backpack to his worktable. He opened it, turned it carefully around… and a multitude of small and medium-sized objects slid out of it onto the wood. Mostly empty potion bottles, silver lab utensils, empty ingredient boxes. He got a hand inside and took out an honest to God black cauldron, that he left underneath the table, and a couple of extra burners. It was more than obvious that the little backpack could not logically contain so many things inside its tiny space.
The angel was resting his elbows on his knees, lining towards the front as his wistful eyes contemplated the sunset. He zoned out looking at the sky very often, occasionally smiling a bit to himself. Dean found himself watching him sometimes, trying to figure out what was going through that complicated mind of his. Could he see Heaven from there? Was he communicating through angel radio? Did he get lost in his thousands of years of memories? Or did he just… like the clouds? That would be so Cas... He always seemed serene and content as he did so, however. So even if Dean didn’t completely understand, it was a sight that brought him calm. Always.
Dean sighed as he shook his head. Then he seethed his sword and started walking back toward their bags.
Thanks so, so much to the ones that commented with good wishes and interest in the story. Truly, you helped me motivate, and  Ive been thinking a lot of all of you. And thanks for everyone leaving kudos! In a horrible, horrible week in terms of my personal life, stars aligned and I got a kudo a day for like a whole week xD It was really the highlight of my days and it helped me lots to get through it!!
“…Alright. Then: when we add your blood to the mix, I´ll set it on fire. It will die down quickly, and when it does, we will see how many flames remain. Two flames would represent you and Sam: the only beings with this blood that remain on this plane. But… if there´s only one flame…”
Then Cas turned towards him to hand him the scalpel, and every thought got erased from his mind. He pricked his finger with the scalpel and advanced to the table to drop the blood into the mix.
“My family”, he said in a slow, deliberate tone, “can be very protective of one another. They don´t… disregard peasants as much as others- but having one of them in their halls is far different than managing their villages fairly. Understand that I have brought a stranger into our home and, potentially, put them in danger. There are expensive possessions in our house, valuable information. I think… if some members learned of your presence here, their reaction would not be a positive one”
But it was about time. This was not only about him. He had been down there long enough. Whatever happened between them, he deserved to be out, or at least he thought so- and he hoped that the higher powers that be agreed with him.
Cas lifted his head at that. The hunter´s clothes were clean and repaired, much like his owner. Dean´s hair was still a bit moist, but he was unshaven. He probably had felt too impatient to leave to spend the time.
Dean saw how Crowley rose a hand, some angry sparkling red energy growing into a ball between his fingers, his eyes fixed on the angel´s back. Their only way back.
“Well, then you listen to them and change everything. You will love them no matter what, and if someday they wake up and realize they´re a Chrissie instead of a Stevie I´m sure you´ll be cool with it. But you gotta start somewhere. And there´s always the possibility that they will always want to be a Stevie”, he said, and he grunted, “Come on, you can´t really mean that you don´t care
“My vessel´s arm is completely healed”, he explained slowly, as if he really didn´t want to be telling that, “The portion of my Grace that inhabitates that part of my vessel… it´s not”
The hunter had his gaze lost in the cauldron. He looked at Cas…  with a strange mix of anger, hope, worry, and a little confusion.
- Sully for more noble insults (lowlife xD) and for helping me craft out the "I´m going to the forest/Im not/theres an attack/how does this happen" scene xD That was hard!
The hunter’s attitude towards Cas had changed, he realized. He had been wary of him at the beginning, unwilling to accept his help, considering him a burden. He had seemed even pissed, while they hunted and he displayed incompetence. His display of power and wit seemed to have changed his opinion about him… and the trail finding had completely changed his mood. The mage realized now how tense the hunter had been, and though he sometimes looked away in guilt as he thought, he was able to talk about his brother with a strained calm that before would only have been tension.
“You haven´t”, Castiel said quickly, “I´ll… I´ll pay more attention. I swear. And I swear I won´t slow you down. Or wander off again”
This was the first time they were this close, and the angel seemed very confused for a moment. Dean knew that Cas was just a
But he could not leave him there. He stared at him for a couple of seconds. Pale, unconscious. Helpless. He sighed. Damned hunters.
The Road So Far: Nobleman Castiel of the House of the Mighyt has taken peasant hunter Dean Winchester into his home to heal him. Castiel teleported back into the forest to retrieve an ingredient for an antidote, but as soon as he appeared he got attacked by giant wolves. He barely got out of the encounter alive, and even teleported back one of the beasts with him. Even sick, Dean killed the creature. Castiel, heavily affected by the Corruption, lost consciousness as he used the last of his energies on healing his own wounds.
Regaining the reigns on his thoughts, he cleared his throat as he quickly rubbed his hands with the cloth, getting the dirt out of them while he annotated the damp cloth technique for washing hands in his
He frowned as he straightened up and looked back at the mage. He was soundly asleep, with his ridiculous high-neck pajamas and his lips slightly parted. He stared at him, frowning, as he thought of their conversation from last night… and fragments of others came to his mind too.
just by being near. He remembered the burns and noted himself to wear fire-proof clothing the next time they went on a hunt, if there were ever a next time…
For a second, he didn´t know where he was. He blinked again, remembering the abandoned house and the case.
But there they were: two little flames that eased the fears on his chest with a relief that had only been lately matched when finding that fucking boot print.
He had carefully chosen his training clothes for that day: same pants and boots as the previous day, but a strong vest to wear on top of his shirt, and some protections for over his chest and arms- in case he faced some monster trouble. The only shirt he owned that left his neck exposed was one Gabriel had gifted him some time ago. More on his brother´s style than on his: exposed throat, puffy sleeves, a bit eccentric-looking for the healer. It had been a joke, actually, since they both knew Cas would probably never wear something that brought so much attention to himself, that showed his skin so much. It lacked taste, it was improper and unlike Gabriel, Cas didn´t see the appeal of getting eyes on him. Who would have thought he´d put it to use? He shook his head at the thought of wearing it for days as he hunted with Dean, a total stranger. At least he´d say he wouldn´t look much…
Dean shot a glare at Sam. They all knew what kind of leverage the tablets, or even just one tablet, could give them. It was one they couldn’t turn down.
The hunter looked at him some more, but then his eyes fluttered close. Cas smiled to himself, gave him the rest of the elixir, and let him sleep.
And they stayed there, sitting against the Impala. For some moments Dean focused only on breathing, his brain finally catching up completely with what just had happened. Had it really happened? He´d said yes!! He couldn´t believe it. It was crazy. He looked sideways at Cas, who seemed to have regained control over the waterworks, and had his eyes closed as he kept the happiest and most thrilled smile he´d ever seen in him. It moved him a little.
Bobby had taken the bottle from his hands and opened it, poured them both a bit of scotch on their glasses, and left the bottle on the table.
Jessica´s and Sam´s voices quickly followed Castiel´s, one higher-pitched, another more howling; a chorus of nightmares, the worst thing Dean had ever heard, he thought as he screamed too.
He could not move. So many, too many ugly feelings were twisting, slithering, recoiling, and rising inside of him. Too many years of denial, of rebellion, the pain from his crushing realization when he had just been twelve flaring white-hot. All he had investigated, all he had tried, all the sacrifices he had made and all the work he had done night and day to finally find out- that it wasn’t enough, that it would never be enough. There was no escaping it, there wasn’t a way.
He turned his head up to him, face still struck with shock, his lips partly open to pant through. With the slashes and the wolf´s blood staining him, his face had to present an unsettling image.
The man´s hands went over his head, moving together, but in the shadows Dean could not see what they were doing- and with both
Dean did not answer him for a second, looking at him with a weirded-out expression, hand clutching in an unsure motion.
Cas froze when one made a short grumbling sound. It clacked its mandibles two times, audibly even from the sensible distance Dean had kept between them- but the creature simply lowered its head to reach some fern leaves. It started munching on them, spiked tail swinging slowly to one side and the other. Its partner laid motionless, body resting on the ground, legs bent as close to its body as possible. His heart thumping on his chest, Cas quickly restarted moving.
I hope you like this piece. The scene of Cas finding Dean naked is one of my faves of the fic, it's just so silly ^^ I'm really fond of the cauldron scene too. I´m sorry they are not in the forest already, and still there are some pieces to put in place before that can happen (the rangers message etc), but its coming. Just one more chapter of this part of the fic, I swear. Part 1 of the fic is: "Dean and Cas in the room, we discover how Castiel´s world works". Part 2 of the fic is: "Cas and Dean go to the forest, we discover how Dean´s world works" (at least the part related to hunting)- and here come the monsters :))))
But before his palm could alight over the door, before their hands aligned, Cas whipped his head back.
“Er… you speak of him in past tense, buddy”, Dean delivered arching an eyebrow, as if it were the most obvious thing ever.
“You sure you don’t have any substitute or something?”, the hunter groaned as he started rummaging inside his bag.
All of the beasts jumped towards Dean to attack him as he landed, while he was off-balance. He jumped back almost as soon as he touched the ground, dodging two wolves; he lashed at both with twin upward attacks that made them whine and retreat a couple of steps. He had to dodge, roll on the ground, jump as he got to his feet again as one after another the wolves lunged at him.
Of course, it was her reaction the one he feared the most if Dean was discovered. He would not stop following his beliefs, even with the shadow of his mother hovering over him. He was a healer, and as such he would not turn his back on someone that needed help. He had found his own ways to secretly rebel- what she didn´t know, wouldn´t hurt her, and neither would him.
He was wondering how sick he could get if he ate the days-old leftovers from the fridge- and how worth it could be- when the smell of grilled cheese hit his nostrils, right before a sizzling noise got to him while he was still on the hallway. He was already smiling when he got to the kitchen door.
“If your brother was following their trail, he probably ended up in a rawhead nest. If instead of trying to find
Around them, the night was dark and eerie; and chilly enough so that their breaths condensed a bit as they left their bodies. Not a sound came from the building.
The chest of the hunter rose and fell peacefully, and a warm feeling had bloomed in Cas ́s heart upon realizing his breathing was more stable. Above his training, his studies and his duties- Castiel was a caretaker. He fully knew that the world needed more warriors than healers, and would continue to train to serve to the best of his capacity. But at the end of the day, this was his true essence. His patient had been dying, but now rested comfortably between warmth and care. Deep contentment filled him, as well as the slightest bit of pride to have been responsible for achieving that. Those feelings mixed with the crackling of the fire, the soft candlelight, and the weariness from the long day, and lulled him into a state of peaceful relaxation. He was home, he was safe, and everything was alright. He had saved a life. He sighed with a small smile as he continued swiping. Softly, repetitively, and relaxing.
So sue him if he couldn’t stop his mind from doing calculations as he looked at his damned borrowed razorblade, it was a reflex.
“Absolutely not”, Cas chuckled, “And I was six at the time, my magic was still to be mostly to be developed… It was my father. He was a great healer, very,
upon helping another fellow human being; satisfied and proud like with nothing else. He felt grateful he had had the chance, and time enough, to save him. It had felt
“I´ll leave with you!”, roared Dean as he sliced a neck and backpedaled two steps to avoid a hound´s bite.
When Cas opened his eyes, the light was suddenly bright, the air smelled fresh and humid, and around him a chorus of roars rose.
A bunch of people were in the exterior of the house. Some sitting, some wandering slowly, faces confused. Some were crying, faces hidden in their hands, hugging their knees. One was looking around wildly, as if he was looking for something to hit.
Though still panting from the sudden impression, Cas felt a bit relieved at Dean’s easy attitude. As soon as they teleported back to his room, he had felt he had no more energy for anything that day. He had weakly offered Dean to shower first, but the hunter had declined, saying he wanted to tend to his blades first thing. The hot shower had done wonders with Castiel’s sore muscles, and after Dean entered the bathroom, he had sat on his bed and laid down
Dean whirled over his heels and slashed horizontally at a centipede that was charging towards him. He cut it in half, ichor splashing at them both; but his footing slipped, and Cas let out an exclamation as he felt both of them dragging one more foot towards the plant.
Dean said nothing, and after a second he opened his eyes, surprised that the angel hadn´t provided an answer already. He probably knew.
The noble spread the cloth on the ground with its contents: a round loaf of bread the size of his spread hand, a ration of meat nestled in a cocoon of lettuce leaves and garnished with a spiced sauce, an apple, three ginger sweets with powdered sugar on top surrounded by a tied little piece of pretty gauze so the sugar would not mix with the rest of the provisions. It all came with a little set of cutlery, built in wood, that seemed to have been done in a smaller size for easy transport for outdoor meals.
Kevin suddenly closed his eyes, startled. But despite the sudden movement, no more pain arose. He felt his face wet. He opened them and blinked in confusion. Some liquid was staining his cheek.
And as he saw teeth flashing fastly towards him, roars rising, he covered his head with his arms, gathering power desperately for an expansive wave that -he prayed- he could shoot in time to prevent the beasts from ending him.
“I’m fine”, the mage declared, “I was considerably tired, but I am feeling better now. I checked the Corruption in the bathroom- it’s light enough so that none will be left by tomorrow morning”
, in revealing the skin that lay beneath the crusts of mud and blood. As if, in a way, he was setting everything as it should be.
Oh, guys. I´m so, so happy for finally publishing this. It´s a new "season", a totally new part of the story. Finally we go after Sam, we are in the center of the story. Hard as it´s been, I´ve enjoyed so much designing and describing the forests. Cas and Dean start really working together.
The hound squealed pleasantly. The angel grunted as he fell forward, falling on his hands for a second, blade clattering. Both wings looked tattered when they blinked a second into view before disappearing again, although to Dean´s surprise they didn’t seem to bleed.
“I don’t understand”, Dean asked more or less at the same time, “You don’t like women but are engaged to one? Makes no sense”
Special thanks to Angel of the Small Death, SputTop and Yonicorn from the Destiel Family Server and Tori from Family Bussiness Server for the help on the sex/gender scene.
“Just one more thing”, rushed Cas, taking the message out, “Could you please take this to the communication barracks? I need this sent as soon as possible. It´s directed to the ranger post on the limit of the Wyvernon Forest. I need an answer for
It would have been too low for any human to hear, but he knew Cas could. And that he could come to him. Not like him. He… His legs were locked in place for some reason. He suddenly appeared in front of him, and he was so nervous he even flinched a bit, eyes wide open.
The hunter gave him a curt nod before turning his back to him, his sword attached to it. Cas checked for a second that he still had his angel blade on the sheath attached to the inner part of his right arm protector before following suit.
“But… it was gone. Destroyed…”, mumbled Kevin, while a trickle of blood traveled between his eyebrows, down to the side of his nose.
As he tilted the bottle again, Sam looked up at him frowning, pressing his lips in disapproval. He had softly advised him not to drink if he was gonna have painkillers, and had made bitchface nº 42- I
The hunter suddenly jumped forward, and with a roar he lashed a quick downward attack that ended in a short whine and a body falling with a thump. Roars flared up, and
done something like this. He remembered well the sting of fangs like those on his shoulder, on his leg, the sight of his own blood dripping. Cold sweat blossomed on his forehead. But he frowned, determined. He would not back down. He was trained. And they had a plan.
Suddenly, movement caught his eye. Sam was waving at him from the other side of the garden. His face was lit and his movements to make him go over there were frantic.
“Oh. Hey”, he heard Dean at his back, and he turned to him, “Had a look at your clothes earlier… and I realized, I´ve got two petitions for you, if you are going to come hunting with me”
“Look. I get it, okay?”, he finally said, his face more serene, but his tone dangerously final, “You´re new, you´ve never done this, I know- but you gotta learn fast. I´m not bringing you here to get you killed, Cas…”, he started.
The mage sighed, an unbelieving frown on his face. He had not anticipated this. He had to admit that, looking at it from the hunter´s perspective, he had some reasons to be suspicious. And he understood that Dean was extending part of his trust talking to him, instead of directly stabbing him in a precautionary manner.
Dean gestured in the general direction of the lab; the oak workspace, the trinkets, the colorful containers, and brass lab equipment.
Dean nodded amicably and left the dagger on the nightstand… hilt close to the bed, well within his reach. Cas frowned, but sighed as he sat on the chair at his desk, taking his traveling bag from his shoulder to the ground.
The creatures moved flawlessly on the wild terrain, legs clack-clack-clacking as they quickly devoured the distance that separated them from the menaces to their territory, plants breaking under their charge. The screams and the sound of the bomb must have alerted them. Low rumbles surged from them, growing as they approached.
His father did not answer. His gaze was lost in the distance, and he looked as if he weren’t listening, but Dean knew he was.
They looked at each other for an instant, panting; the few enemies left wary of them, a bit far away.
Cas smiled a bit at that, happy of having been helpful. They had put on the ointment before the start of their little race, and Dean had started complaining colorfully and thoroughly as soon as the bottle had been opened. The smell was unpleasant for Cas, but apparently nauseating for Dean. Only reminding him that Sam was waiting had made him stop bickering and finally put it on, grimace on his face the whole while.
The things looked up at the light immediately. Giant wolves used light to find their prey, since they hid in shadows and prowled the forest clearings. It got their attention immediately, and after a moment of hesitation, they all howled and started running.
“Have fun, Cassie. Put on a good show, there are cameras filming. As much as I´d like to watch it live, well… I got a moose and a squirrel to catch”
Fuck. Not only had he assumed from the get-go that Cas wanted to take advantage of him the first time they talked. No, last night he had said his dad was an asshole for erasing his memory, he had assumed that the Plagues didn’t fuck up his family as bad as they had, and oh, he had also got into his engagement business when it was obviously a delicate topic.
“Does this hurt?”, Cas said as he lowered his hand to put in over his belly, applying gentle pressure on the bandages.
Every conversation stopped, every movement paused in mid-way. All their faces turned to the small bell on the wall that had just rung.
His room was not the biggest in the castle, but it was wide enough for it to have clearly differentiated areas. In the resting area, his king-sized bed was flanked by two nightstands. Very subtle placed doors flanked both, leading to small adjacent quarters. A big picture window that went from floor to ceiling opened at the right of the bed, the glass shining in a myriad of colors due to the scenery forged into it, showing scenes of miracles.
“Do not worry, I was never in any real danger”, assured the angel with serene eyes, “It seemed a bit like cheating to me, since I have more advantages than a human… but Dean insisted you wouldn´t have one of those”
I absolutely LOVE this chapter. I wrote it all listening to an instrumental version of Wolven Storm from Witcher 3 on a loop, just cause the lyrics of that song go: "These scars long have yearned for your tender caress..." and I could absolutely see the events depicted here as those words flowed through my mind. Feel free to read it as it sounds, too (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j-065rVSGo). Someday, when I feel like it, Ill record myself describing the scene with the music; or maybe include a recording of me singing Wolven Storm- cause I just simply love that song ^^
What did you think of the fighting scenes? I´m really sorry, I´m not a fighter and I don't know how realistic that was- and I really ignore how many ways someone can safely choke another into unconsciousness xDDD
Castiel took a deep breath and let out a sigh. Michael and Lucifer had been competitive with each other for as long as he remembered, but even though he rarely spoke to any of them, he felt it had gotten worse with the passing of the years. He fully knew that all of that was because of the conditions of their birth.
Humid, disgustingly moist sounds got to him from afar. As if someone was chewing something squishy. Something glistened in the dark, the humid shine of mucus that extended over floorboards. A fine layer of fine, translucent grey skin stretched over something that pushed from the inside. Something that looked like a nose, and an open mouth. Until the skin tore easily.
Dean had known for years that he could die any day, so he usually enjoyed life as much as he could, and anyway Cas really didn’t seem to give a shit about the thing…
“He was your father”, he told the sky, a knot on his throat, “Without him, you would have never been born. Damn, Sam and I were eager to gank you. So… I thought that maybe, just maybe, you could… I don´t know. Make an exception?”
“So much”, Cas sighed, “I felt so… helpless. I always have used my magic for everything. I could not teleport, I had to
“Absolutely not”, Cas said firmly, “You are my guest, and my patient, and you need to rest. Sleep is very important for healing. This bed is big enough for three or four people. We will be very far away. When I feel better, I´ll… find a better way”
“Cause you’re a healer”, he said pensively, and he gestured to his own chest, “Like, deep down. You care”
Dean panted, hand on his knee, but when he looked down there was no wound, there wasn´t anything. And he didn’t remember the voice anymore- but the pain, it had been undeniable. He looked up at Cas, angst crushing his heart, certainty on his soul.
Sam jabbed his elbow into his ribs, Dean shoved him sharply with a grunt. Sam bitchfaced and widened his eyes, shooting a look to the outside, as if telling him they would hear. Dean huffed in frustration.
He was suddenly at his childhood home. The stairs, the front door, he knew them well. The hallway he was standing at, it had been the one where he had learned to walk...
“Holy Fire… can damage a Grace. It´s more difficult to heal than a human body. But it´s nothing, just a burn”
His scrambling feet hit a big rock deeply buried in the ground, and he looked down, before planting both of his boots on it.
Both men were quiet, and Cas drunk every second of that moment. Birds flapped their wings, some chirps coming from the pine branches. The rustling steps of what Cas deduced would be a bunny or a possum, possibly running away from the manticore scent the humans were wearing, rustled the pine needles until they faded. Insects could be heard around. The noble searched for them, finding close by some heather bushes, their branched pink flowers prowled by buzzing little creatures…
, but it is awesome”, he said with a lewd smile after finishing his first cup and extending it forward to Cas.
Castiel took the tray from his hands, still clutching the message with some fingers until the peasant took it from them.
“This morning, the anesthetic I applied the previous night was still acting, masking the pain. Of course your wounds still hurt. Closed doesn’t mean healed”, Cas clarified, “They are just not bleeding anymore. They are still tender, you can reopen them if you move around too much. I can apply some more anesthetic if you wish me to”
The noble blinked in confusion for a second. So… he was supposed to watch where he stepped, around him, above him, and not lose sight of Dean? How was he supposed to do all of that?
“Yeah, Cas, we´re fine”, Sam answered, “Apparently… the thing we´re hunting can put people like, under a spell. And it´s set all the victims on us”
He didn´t think twice before diving down. It was stupid, an unnecessary risk, as his mother would put it. He fully knew. Combat manuals don’t stipulate
“You need to leave!”, Cas shouted at him while charging at a demon, lounging with his blade to pierce its chest.
And he started to walk away from Gabriel towards Samandriel… but stopped right in his tracks as he saw Castiel and Lucifer entering back from the garden.
The mage blushed and looked away. He had intended to say that necks, and chests, were inherently related to sexuality, and that it was not such childishness to be proper and have a desire for intimacy; especially since given both their sexual preferences any of them could be unproperly aroused, even if only momentarily, by a sudden sight or image. But… his words abandoned him when he was flustered.
“We are in the Spire of the Mighty, in the region of Azula. I am… Castiel of the House of the Mighty”
That for some reason lifted some weight from Dean. He felt Cas was like, so much ahead of him in all this feelings thing, and he feared he was gonna have to run to catch up.
He chatted amicably with his youngest sibling as he darted some curious looks to Uriel. The arcanist had his brow slightly knitted, apparently lost in thought as his eyes watched distractedly the darkening night. The door creaked as it opened, getting Castiel´s attention.
“I know that”, answered Castiel annoyed, “But if I had attempted to heal myself, I would have just exhausted my power. I would have only healed a part of me, and Sam and Kevin would still be hurt. It made no sense”
Dean took a deep breath and let it out in a sigh, looking towards the road. Jesus, he felt calmer after letting that out. Though his heart was still pounding like crazy.
Dean´s bark startled him and made him look up in time to see something sharp flying towards his face.
, not physical state. That he would not be able to predict if anyone was in good or bad condition. That he should not freak out if a flame was smaller than the other one, it only meant that the blood owner was more like
trail and follow it you go directly to the finish line, that would save you time, wouldn’t it?”, the mage asked.
And this was not a good day for him to use his magic to redirect his own blood to other parts of his body, with the lingering Corruption and horrible headache.
As soon as the metal spike stopped moving, the pain got to a bearable level and after a few seconds of panting, he opened his eyes again. He looked towards the bag in disbelief.
Cas looked down at the bed, frowning. The sheets were dirtied with blood- his and Dean´s, he realized. He hunched enough to touch the cloth, and in a blink, the bed linen was spotless.
“The jar of lamb´s blood broke in the struggle, and it gave me an idea. I dumped the bullets into it and shoot them into the creature. It was not enough to kill it, but it hurt it enough so that it stopped controlling you for a second, or whatever happened that made you stop attacking me, I don’t know. It was enough for me to get out of your reach and behead it”
He looked sideways at the hunter. He had let his hand drop and his eyes were very wide, set on the flames, probably thinking he was not being observed. His expression was now… begging, as if he was desperately asking something to someone in his mind. It looked like he was holding his breath.
“I fucking can”, Dean grunted looking up at him, “But you know… Is it so fucking hard that we, I don’t know, talk about it first?”
. Maybe he could find a way to replace the objects for the hunter, or repair them. At least, he had the money. But Cas couldn´t be hunting if he was shopping. Dean would probably don’t like more delays.
Jesus. I´m so sorry, I mean, I knew this was gonna be an angsty, dramatic fic- but after I sit down and write, it always turns out to be *so much more dramatic than it was planned!*. However I do believe that drama equals good xD So... Dean´s suffering. That´s it, that´s what´s happening. Momma serpent is awake again and *she´s not happy*. Don´t worry, folks. Cas is gonna come and pat his head lovingly. Not gonna be able to heal him, however, but at least there´s some hurt/comfort coming xD
The kid stared at them, panting shakily, his eyes shining by unshed tears. Cas looked at him with wide eyes, silent. Dean bit his lips and looked at Sam, who stood up with his hands raised in a peaceful gesture.
on his hands, “This… has my saliva on it. The marks of my teeth. There’s sauce dripping on my hand. Is so… crude”, he said, more puzzled than drawn back.
about when I´m gonna leave. You´re going now to who-knows-where, maybe to bring some buddies, I don’t know. You expect me to wait here like a sitting duck. And”, he pointed at the door with the dagger, “I bet my fine ass that the door is locked… and I don’t see the key around. I don´t like it, man”
The mage raised his eyes up and to the right, pensive. Aside from Dean, he knew nobody with tattoos- but sigils on one´s skin were pretty common in nobility. There might not be ink and needles, but in the end, it would have the same effect. It was just arcane magic, after all.
Lucifer turned and entered through the glass door with no more words. Cas stared at him bewildered for a second, then shook his head and got inside after him.
“First, neck exposed”, he said pointing at him with a bit of an unyielding look, “I´m sorry buddy, I know you got some issues or something, but hunting partners need to check each other for Corruption. I can´t be sure you´re not going to turn and try to eat my face if I can´t keep track of how you´re doing”
“Am not”, Dean rose both hands, the one with the dagger included, in a poor attempt of a peaceful gesture, “I´m almost sure you´re human now. I just don´t understand what your angle is in all of this”
The Road So Far: Castiel and Dean have gone into the forest, looking for Sam. After fighting some giant wolves and a lignarium, they continue in the direction of the northern rawhead´s nest, hoping to find Sam´s trail along the way... or even himself.
The Road So Far: Sam and Dean go fight a monster that can send people into their dream worlds, apparently the spawn of an Echidna and a djinn. During the battle, Dean gets bitten by some little black snakes the Echidna creates... and his reality shifts, his mind dragged into a fantasy.
The man screamed, sword tumbling from his hands, and as pain soared through him he fell to his knees, straddling the thing. He doubled over, panting, eyes wide. The creature pulled to take him to his jaws, to bite his head off his shoulders.
“Ambrosia. I’m sorry, it’s the only thing we had in our bodega”, the noble said as he refilled Dean’s cup with golden liquid.
The thing screeched, middle legs twitching; and it’s free scythe flew up, quick as thought. Dean pushed forcefully the other scythe away and jumped back, over one of Castiel´s legs, dodging the lightning speeded new attack.
Dean´s green eyes were wide, locked upon something in front of him, dismay and alarm slacking his face for a second.
“As… much as they have cared for me, sir…”, Cas said, apparently a bit of confidence giving him more speech abilities, “They are… very good hunters. I wouldn´t wish anyone else than them watching my back”
“Of course not. Only the highest operatives”, Cas answered, “That’s why I believe my father must be the highest-ranking healer in the army, or one of them. Probably posted somewhere important”
to take part. His brothers always tried to get him more involved, and they struggled with Gabriel´s neverending intent on slacking off.
Kevin squealed, turning to Crowley. Cas´s eyes flew to Crowley. Dean gulped and slowly turned back his head. He felt his brother tensing beside him.
Slowly, almost lovingly, he got to his back, looked over his shoulder towards the tablet. One hand alighted delicately on his shoulder… while the other went to his other side, to take slowly one of the spikes that were already inserted on him.
drunk. He could handle his liquor, and yes, he had wobbled a bit onto his feet; but that hadn’t made him say nonsense. He’d just got to that relaxed point when he felt he could speak freely and forget about his cares in the world… Not taking into account that he barely knew Cas, that their lives were very fucking different, and that nobles got offended quite easily- if what people said was true. He had simply spoken his mind- and as Sam many times put it, had not “put into consideration what his words could make other people feel, no matter how true they were or sounded to him”. Cas had seemed okay with other not-quite-right things he had said during the evening, but that last bit…
“Snap…! Out of it!!”, the man grunted as one, two savage hits got Dean on the face and he blinked dizzily for a second.
“Er… The older sons of a House are the most powerful ones, and with each sibling, the power dwindles”
The lampstand he had left on showed him how the angel opened his eyes and hooked his steady blue gaze on him.
The healer looked at his brother, slightly surprised. Getting Corrupted, unless it happened in the most ruthless battlefield, was considered a weakness among the nobility. It meant lack of discipline and character, lousy control of one´s magic; and suggesting someone could have gotten even a bit of Corruption was considered insulting. Supposedly, no one ever passed through that, though he as a healer knew it wasn´t true. That was one of the reasons why studying the disease was so difficult- possible patients denied having ever had it, so the information was very scarce. But then again, Gabriel had always disdained etiquette and whatever the nobility considered important.
And then they both shared one of those love-dovey looks that Dean usually mocked them for. But not this time. This time he let their love stretch through as much time as they wanted.
“Okay”, Cas smiled at him, “I can send the message right now, and as we wait for an answer I can maybe make you a potions and give you some food so that…”
“I´m twenty-seven years old. I… enjoy reading, and uh… alchemy, and… I used to draw when I had more time?”, he ended, not knowing what else to add.
Cas held his breath, his heart frantic, as the movement became crazy. The creatures charged towards Dean in all directions, in a frenzy that made it difficult to understand what was going on.
He had talked to Sammy before leaving, about what he was gonna ask. His brother had immediately stood, walking to get his stuff as he mentioned something about it
“I… have in fact been able to find a new piece of information recently”, Castiel admitted begrudgingly, “But unfortunately, I still have not reached a satisfactory conclusion”
Angel flying sure was fast and handy, but he was so used to unravel after a hunt by driving his Baby for miles and miles, that his nerves took some time to adjust after just
“Healing potions”, Cas said with the smallest smile, and he took out a bottle of dark glass that he left on the table too, “And some monster repellent lotion”
“I´m-I´m gonna have to go”, he told Dean hurriedly as he did so, “I will teleport you out as soon as I come back. Is that okay? You can get some rest meanwhile, since I guess you will have trouble sleeping tonight”
I think next chapter will be calmer, but then, I did think that the "they go to the forest" part would be only one chapter and its obviously becoming *at least* three xD I love when the story and the characters surprise me. Im stuck in a worldbuilding phase for Dreams of Perdition, so I guess I will update this one sooner than the other! Comment with a "yes"if you guys liked the action-packed chapter? ^^
normal headache- that was well settled on the center of his forehead. He looked back at Dean with a grimace.
“Okay. Anyway, I trailed off… What I was meaning to say was…”, he seemed to doubt or struggle for a second before looking up at Cas with half a smile on his lips, “You ain’t half bad, mage. You don’t know shit, but you try damned hard, and you got guts. You’re resourceful and you think quick. I think maybe there’s some material to work with”, he said with his half-smile reaching his eyes, and then his voice got a bit softer, “And thanks to your map, and the repellent… we got closer to Sammy. I gotta thank you for that”
Dean just… stared at him- and Castiel didn’t like a second of it. He saw how confusion gave way to awful realization, how horror started growing in his green eyes. He squirmed where he sat, restless, and stood up to walk to his alchemy table- where a potion bottle out of place seemed so important to remove at that moment.
Then Dean sighed and closed his eyes, sliding forward enough so his head could lean on the backrest. He had had enough for one night…
The dismay Cas felt must have shown, because Dean muttered a curse and pushed firmly Cas away to rise to his feet.
He punched, roaring, he kicked; but a part of him already knew that the door wouldn´t move, wouldn´t open. He couldn´t save them, he´d never…
Every family member unhurriedly approached an already set wooden table, surrounded by servants that waited with a patient stance, their hands clasped at their backs. One of them gently moved the chair at the head of the table to gallantly help Lady Naomi sit, while her six children sat in the long ends.
Castiel gulped, fingernails digging on his palm as he clutched his fists in a nervous gesture. He had feared just this, but the plotting games of his brothers had distracted him from not getting too close to Gabriel. Would the sharp berry perfume he wore cover the wolf´s scent?
was between them and that the rest shouldn’t interfere- and as big fan as I am of bending the rules, I´m more than eager for this shitshow to splash into the least people possible. Please, Cassie, whatever you do- don´t get tangled up in all of this”, Gabriel begged with an exhausted demeanor.
“Bathroom?”, the hunter repeated, confused, as his eyes followed him through the room to what looked like a plain wall by the bed.
“I am so fucking sorry”, he could not help to say, “I never… meant… I only meant that… you deserve better, man, and…”
Between the dark blood, the mud… those eyes stood out like the moon would in the darkest night. Green, brilliant jade orbs stared at him; but he noticed lighter speckles in the center, almost golden. He blinked for a second. He had never seen eyes like those.
“Any suggestions? I really don´t want to kill a bunch of innocent people, Dean”, Sam whispered in a suffering tone, “They weren´t moving until that thing commanded it. They are obviously under their control”
Dean, scouting out the hallway, could not hear if Cas responded. But he guessed that hadn´t made him very happy- cause he had to admit it was fucking true.
At that, John let out a delighted low chuckle. Cas looked up at him, eyes shining at his approval as he started to smile a bit. Dean bit his lip. This couldn´t be going better.
“And I believe that you ignore how many things can be accomplished through magic”, charged Cas, emboldened upon seeing the shadow of a doubt in those green orbs, “I can
His blue gaze was like a calming balm, and Dean´s shoulders untightened. Someone must have cracked some fireworks at a nearby house or something.
Their detour took them to a clearing between the trees. The tall giants hadn´t grown there, and the higher amount of light had resulted in a sea of green, made of giant fern leaves that grew up to Castiel´s knees. It made a wide circle, surrounded by oaks and firs and tall bushes that also stretched towards the light.
to make you happy, you grab it and you don´t let go. We´ve lived some intense lives, and things will probably get better with Jack in charge… but we can still get killed any day, you know?”
He startled when his foot stepped on something hard, and as he looked down he saw the ripped ferns he had held onto. His angel blade lied there. He took it quickly, immediately getting vertical again, looking all around. The plant creature seemed to have extinguished the flames somehow, or maybe they hadn’t caught into its moist tissues, and its vines flowed again in his direction.
But Gabriel… he was the one he felt closer, cherished the most. The one he trusted more, if maybe not enough to tell him about the hunter in his room… But he would definitely go to him with any problem he had. And he knew he would answer. He knew he wanted to protect him, even though he could not always be present.
Turned around from the hunter, the young healer panted, heart racing, and a violent heat rushed over his neck and face as he blushed.
Cas took his own finger to the map and drew a diagonal line towards the right, from their position to the rawhead’s nest.
“Hey, hey, hey”, Dean complained, taking his face into his hands to wipe his tears with his thumbs, “Don´t cry, now, come on, it´s not gonna be that bad”
Sam stared at the glass door for a second after several attempts, panting, confusion and impotence making him grit his teeth. He raised angry and afraid, teared-up eyes to his brother.
A changing pattern appeared on creatures whose body had the shape of a ball, as big as the biggest pumpkins Dean had seen in some farms. They had four back-bowed legs on which they were hunching, and short arms finished in razor claws. Upon being discovered, one by one they started an angry growl, their scales turning into their original pattern of black dots on dark, brownish red. Their teeth were showing, several rows of them, sharp as knives.
Crowley rose a hand and stopped him in mid-charge. A firm push of the demon´s hand against the air sent him flying against a wall, leaving him sprawling in the ground after the hit.
The four Spells moved through the whole kingdom, faster than the fastest horsemen, affecting people at random. No one knew until much later that they ran through Ley Lines, natural courses of magic that had not been discovered yet at that time. Since they didn’t match the roads, or rivers, or flows of people, anything anyone would have found logical at the time; no one knew where one could come from. Every person had a random chance of getting any of them, none of them were more frequent in a specific area, and only Pestilence was contagious. Two brothers of the same family could get a different Spell each. It was a time of confusion and terror, of losing loved ones and not knowing what would happen next. But people didn’t give up, and after the Plagues dwindled down the fighting continued, the conflict extending for five more years.
“I am sorry”, he said, frowning in slight anxiety as he stood awkwardly in front of her for a second, “I did not know about the… wrapping tradition. I didn´t know it was supposed to be wrapped in colored paper”, he clarified, and then abruptly extended his arms to the front to offer the object, a tinge of regret to his demeanor.
“This is Sammy’s”, he said, warm pride slipping into his voice, “Probably got a bit banged-up, but he took a potion and kept going”
The giant centipede, body as wide as Castiel´s, chitin of greenish blue; screeched, part of its back to the forest floor. But immediately its tail, its legs still on the earth, partly still hidden by the ferns but obviously several feet long, undulated in a way that made its middle turn towards the ground. The wave climbed up its body until its head was again facing down, this time over the fern leaves it had crushed.
He looked himself in the mirror as he finished, stalling. The puffy sleeves showed a bit under the arm protections, but it wasn´t bad. He felt a little bit naked, and pressed his lips in slight frustration as he first thought of getting a scarf, then realizing he couldn’t do that. He also dreaded intensely the following conversation… but he sighed and finally got out.
When Sam politely declined, in sober solidarity with his wife, he left Bobby no other way to show his love than to grab him by the jacket and pull him down into a clapping hug.
“Cas, you know… You don´t need a mission to be… you know. Okay. Good”, the angel looked at him, “Maybe… what you need to do is that. Find out yourself what you wanna do”
Dean´s chewing slowed thoughtfully for a couple of seconds, knowing exactly what he meant. That tentacle thing… they had never,
“This way, a soldier cannot be bought or blackmailed with the security of their loved ones”, Cas continued, “And they can focus on the protection of the Kingdom”
. Dude, your Grace is who you are!”, he exclaimed opening his free arm, “If that´s gone, you´re gone!”
The grip of the hunter´s hand on Castiel´s wrist remained for a second, as if reluctant, before letting go. A small blush crept up Castiel´s face at the slight, obviously accidental brush of his fingers retreating, the contact of skin on skin in one of those areas nobility usually kept hidden.
He stopped on the doorway and looked back. The angel looked at him with pleading eyes. He gave him a small, tired smile.
He already had two burners with bubbling substances at the far end of the table. He took a third and lit it with a snap of his fingers, then put a glass container over it and poured the crushed powder inside. He took one of the bottles that rested next to the wall and poured light green liquid while in a practiced move, he kept his face away, not even surprised by the small puff of smoke that rose as the fluid came in contact with the ingredients. The mix started to bubble soon, and he adjusted the flame so that the boiling was low and constant.
The angel opened his eyes with an exclamation, and looked at him wide-eyed, panting. Dean blinked several times. Then he frowned.
The hunter’s smile widened as the noble turned to his bag and started rummaging on it. He took out two small bags made of tied pieces of cotton cloth and extended one towards Dean.
Castiel’s lips parted a bit as he looked at Dean, and although he had never stopped to look for a reason why he had helped the hunter- it had been, simply, what was right- he somehow felt caught. He pressed his lips as a small blush rose again on his cheeks.
If that dude warned the others, they would be swarmed, and they would have no other option than to get bloody if they wanted to get out of there alive.
As he turned around to leave the bathroom, he remembered the flame trick. The one that, according to Cas, would tell them if Sammy was still alive.
He felt the magic tingling on his limbs, willing them whole; on the wounds on his face, willing them close. He started breathing faster as he tried to maintain control, the precision surgical, so he wouldn’t waste energy that could harm him more, even though he felt his focus tremble. He kept the spell longer, longer, until he felt all his wounds had been tended for.
Cas blinked… slowly understanding. He had been checking his eyes. Seeing if they had gone all black.
Oh, and also. No one knows who is Morningstar and who Evenstar between Lucifer and Michael, but there is no doubt about Gabriel being Southernstar. So... where´s Northernstar? ^^
As the beasts got close, the sword´s dance halted, both the hunter´s hands on the hilt. Dean still made it make flowy movements, catching the rays of sun on the dark blade. His feet started to sidestep, carefully, his green eyes drinking all of his surroundings in tense calm. The giant wolves prowled, eyes on the light that glinted from the sword and the one that wielded it. As if measuring the magnitude of the threat it posed. A very strange, fragile calm was established, opponents observing with only slight movements happening.
“And then, poof. Gone”, he grunted, his voice dripping acid irony, “Died horribly. I guess, to fuel me up for a fight. Made me think you had killed them”
. He shuddered, in… fear, but also wonder. He had… never seen a naked man before. Not that he hadn´t wanted to... But the farthest he´d ever gotten had been seeing Dean´s chest as he healed him. And it had been
After the war, an army entirely made out of mages was formed, the Warriors of Heaven. Their mission was to be positioned at the borders, protecting the kingdom from the hordes of monsters that still roamed outside. Some monsters still remained, not rampaging over every city and every road- but reduced to caves, forests, remote places. The hunters still took care of them to this day, fifteen years after the end of the war.
The hunter gasped with his eyes closed for a moment, then opened them as he took a step back, mouth wide and breathing slightly quickened. He blinked in surprise and took a hand to his side, where it found no wound- though his clothes were still marred with blood. He rolled his shoulder backwards and raised his eyebrows. The skin of his forearms was unmarred.
“Are too heavy for you to use with those tiny arms, right?”, the hunter said with a scornful tone as he smirked up at him.
But whenever he could, when he had strength and time and presence enough, he was there for Castiel. As much as he could. And for Cas, that was more than enough.
fighting in the Army could be considered contribution enough for his lifetime, maybe enough to avoid the engagement. His hopes had dwindled down to almost nothing over the years, and had entered a state of stasis as he got stuck and found no new sources, no new ways of continuing the investigation. But the work, the repetition- it was his safe place. The hope that would not damned die still whispered that maybe, just the smallest of maybes, it could work. It could save him. So when he was truly desperate, he turned to it- and it calmed him down like a balm extending over him.
A blond, tall man entered the room. His clothes were visibly expensive and luxurious. He wore a kilt doublet of what looked like pure threaded silver, with a lattice detail in black making contrast, and similar dark pants. His eyes searched the room until they found Castiel, to whom he dedicated a lopsided smile.
The mage blinked and nodded, understanding. He then realized he could have healed himself as Dean took care of the wolves… but he had been mesmerized.
“Ah… I only have my angel blade”, he said as he pointed to the desk, where his weapon waited at the ready.
“See? This way, it won´t bump into things”, the hunter explained with a smile, "Is it comfortable like this?"
Cas pressed his lips, uncomfortable under the scrutiny, and tried to sit a bit straighter. Maybe this was the first time Dean noticed his rich robes, all in beiges and yellows and an amber so light that it was almost golden. His pants and boots were brown, making his tunic look even brighter in comparison. Castiel did not dress pompously, he was usually comfortable with garments appropriate for any student of the Academy- but still, the fabric was probably more expensive than all of Dean´s equipment together.
Dean raised his eyebrows to his brother, at his slightly theatrical tone of voice. They were both resting their hips on the table of the War Room.
“You´re a noble”, Dean started to say slowly, eyes slightly squinted, as if the thoughts were difficult to puzzle together, “belonging to the richest family of nobles. That so happened to pass through the forest I was being mauled on. And took me to his… bed to heal me”, finished with an incredulous tone.
There, in front of the door, he stopped, panting. He closed his eyes for a second, letting his lungs recover, willing his heart to lower its fast pulsing rate. He did
“Okay, okay, sure. I will…”, Dean made an incredulous face before continuing, “Like, not steal, not harm, not do anything I wouldn’t do in my own house. As your guest”
attack. Unless I see otherwise, you are not good enough in combat to face anything. But you gotta get their attention. Distract them from me until I get Baby back. Are you sure you can keep pushing whatever comes at you without it reaching you?”
The noble made a sleepy sigh as he frowned, and a few moments later, opened confused eyes, blinking like an owl.
“Who would you have called? Cas is hurt, and Kevin´s useless. Jody would have helped, but we can´t wait for her to get here- not if we don´t want the victim number to raise up to thirty”
Im pretty excited about learning how to narrate and do voices, so would you guys tell me your thoughts? Should I make more, would you like that? ^^
When he took the first bite, Castiel got only bread, and it was certainly disappointing. But on the third or so, he got some meat, and vegetables, and the sauce… He blinked in surprise.
“According to them, there are three located woodland fiend nests in the forest”, he explained as Dean got closer to get a look at the map, where three crosses had been marked in red ink, “Two are close to where my bluestone is currently located. We could go towards either one from that point today”
“Ack!”, Dean made, and quickly took the pan and turned it over so the slightly burned bacon strips fell onto a plate. He´d gotten distracted.
“Back!!”, he screamed slashing to the things that still approached them, making them jump back a few steps, “Cas! Stand up, man! We are not done here!”
Cas just nodded as he concentrated on breathing. He was not willing to let Dean know he had been helping himself with magic the whole time. He took the handle of his travelling bag, which crossed his chest diagonally, over his head to leave it by his side; and toyed a bit with the protections on his forearms. He had not adjusted them enough, and they had moved a bit as he ran, leaving some marks on his skin. He willed them healed right away and started readjusting the buckles.
“I…”, Cas babbled, “I-I remembered that my instructor says that… if you have one enemy, you have one problem; but if you have two… you can have two solutions. And then I thought of my brother Samandriel, w-who says that if you don´t have… many tools, you…”, he blinked his eyes, his weight wavering, “… you have to know how to… be versatile… in using them…”
“Listen, Cas, I know you want to help… But this thing can turn people against us. The last thing we need, aside from a bunch of civilians, is having to fight an Angel of the Lord. One we really,
“I´m… just sad to finish it”, the angel said in a murmur and shrugged, a shy smile on his face, gaze on the floor, a hair from blushing.
“You… you assume too much. Too fast. You assumed…”, he complained, and he knew he was not making any sense, but he couldn’t be more coherent than that, he looked up at him intensely, “You never told me”
His knee was still shattered, but he couldn’t care less. Physical pain, he could take that and much more; and it would all be over when the next day they drove back to the bunker and back to Cas.
“We´re having breakfast. I know you don´t eat, but we thought you´d like to join us. Unless”, he cocked an eyebrow at him, “you eat now, too”
“Of course it fucking does!”, Dean answered, raising his hands in protest, “As if we didn´t have enough jackasses that wanna whack us, now we are actively helping them?”
“I´m truly sorry”, the angel said, his gaze contrite, “I was so focused on sensing demons, I did not think of the possibility that Crowley could use humans to abduct you. I failed you”
“Run!!!”, Dean shouted when he didn´t immediately react; his face a mask of fury, his arm shooting to point in the direction they had come from; making the mage start.
He pursed his lips… Why the hell not. He had the time. And if Cas kicked him out, this might be his last chance.
“I can´t do it again, not as I did it last time. I can´t spend all my time hidden reading the fucking stone", he looked up at them with pleading eyes, as if beggin for them to understand, "I´ll lose it, man, I swear. I can´t. And I can´t touch them now, not yet!”
“Okay, hum…”, Sam murmured into the earpiece, “This thing, is like a snake or a serpent of some kind. Half-snake, half-human. Sort of”
The mage blinked at him for a moment in concern. The hunter was not looking at him, but he seemed to be boiling in frustration and anger inside.
Cas would always be bewildered by how different all his brothers looked from each other. Most had spiky hair like his, but some were blond, some had darker hair tones. Several of his siblings´ eyes were blue, like his, but Uriel´s were black- and Gabriel´s, honey golden.
The mage pressed his lips and nodded slightly, leaving his bag on the floor and walking crestfallen towards the lab table.
Yet, he mulled over as he massaged his forehead with two fingers for a second, there was still one battle to fight this night. The hardest of them all. A stubborn hunter awaited past that closed door, and he had, somehow, to convince him to abandon his brother in the doomed forest for a little longer.
“Don´t be so hard on him”, Sam said as he poured the batted eggs into a skillet, “He thought he was doing the right thing. As always. And it´s not as if you or me haven´t done that kind of stupid thing before”
Castiel took a deep breath. He had not planned to do this after being teased. That helped his image very little. But he would have to work with whatever he had.
“And I shouldn’t have gotten distracted. But Dean, we cannot be on our guard forever. We had no reason to believe he was a target anymore. We both thought he was unnecessarily paranoid and needed to relax”
A few minutes later, the corpse was out of sight, the carpet magically cleaned, and Cas was spraying some intense berry scent on him when there was a polite knock on the door. Dean hid again as Cas ran to the desk to get the message and walked quickly to the door.
“She is”, he agreed, then frowned, “I just, don´t like it, man. I keep her in top condition... I´ll just…”, he wrinkled his nose a little, as if battling with himself to actually let go, “… take extra care for it when we get her back, I guess”
I´m really sorry for the delay. Life is being *hard* lately, and my time is scarcing- also, my beautiful beta was super busy too. We are doing our best. But I´m not giving up :) Writing makes me truly happy, and seeing this little thing grow, is my biggest pride these days.
Its brownish chitin seemed cracked, like the bark of a pine. It was almost as tall as Cas, but immobile in front of the tree, he hadn’t seen it. Now, it crouched towards, locked with Dean´s weapon; but still Cas did not totally understand what he was seeing, his sight confused as the image of the chitin overlapped with the one of the pines behind. It seemed to him that a man had put on a tree bark costume and… folded his knees backwards?
Gabriel had walked up to him, a tired smile on his lips. He had long, dark blond hair, eyes of honey and gold, and a rounded nose that Cas had always found a bit funny. But maybe it was an association thing. Gabriel was always making jokes and trying to make him laugh. He wore a tunic of a dark brown color that reminded Castiel of the bark of an old tree, that clung flatteringly to his chest and waist thanks to a leather belt with a golden buckle. Gold hems shone at his neck and short sleeves, which gave way to the white shirt he was wearing underneath. A golden sash was tied to his hips. The gold decorations made his honey eyes shine, as always. Gabriel dressed simply, like Cas; but he was a little vain, and he knew what suited him best.
A minute later he came back with an arm sling and offered it to Cas. The angel winced as Sam helped him put it on, but once it was on Castiel looked pleased and positively surprised.
“Well. No wonder there´s almost nothing in this part of the forest”, the hunter said, and he looked up at the mage, “Those were…”
As he froze in place and slowly rose his glance towards Dean, he watched the hunter´s façade dissolve. His pained slight wince faded, his falsely innocent eyes got hard and intense. Cas realized that the way he had turned in the bed, had left him in a posture from which he could jump forward at any second. Castiel was stupidly close to him, in a lower position; and as they stared at each other, the mage felt for a moment in the presence of a dangerous animal, tense as a coil and ready to strike.
Cas straightened a bit and looked at his trembling hands, seeing them soaked in blood. He frowned. Had the blood been on his hands before putting them on his face? Had… the blood been on his face and then gone into his hands?
“Rune of power, hear my call”, he murmured, and the lower part of the bluestone started shining dimly, “Let stone become one with stone, let earth take back what came from it. Bind them together, all as one, so that only magic can sever them apart. I call upon you, Rune of Binding. By my magic, make it be”
It was stupid, a voice in his head told him. He was untrained, and he was a fool to think he could make a difference… but he was as able to leave Dean behind to get himself to safety as he was of breathing underwater.
“A… a boy!!”, he exclaimed, “A healthy boy! Healthy?”, he suddenly asked looking at Cas, “He´s healthy, right?”
“So fucking much, man”, Dean answered with a lazy grin, the memories of the day playing in front of his eyes.
Dean took a deep breath and let out a sigh as he sat on the bed. At least things weren’t so awkward anymore.
Two wolves kept prowling towards Dean, but another one got his tail between its legs and looked back at Cas, started trotting towards him. Dean hacked down with his sword, whirled to dodge a bite directed to his ankle, and at the end of the turn he made a throwing motion towards Cas. Without looking at how the throw ended, he grabbed his sword with both hands and with a roar, he delivered a vertical cut that sent blood arching towards the sky, to immediately hack down with the strength of his whole body.
Cas swung his legs over the side of the bed. So far so good, no dizziness. He took a hand to rub on his chest: he could still feel the icy claws, but their reach had diminished considerably.
“You see… after… it´s decided if it´s Michael or me who leads the House in the future… the other one will automatically go to Heaven´s Army”
The… thing… he didn’t see where it ended. It came from the corner, but occupied all of the width of the hallway with its black mass, that divided into creepy tentacles. It wasn’t incorporeal darkness, but Dean really couldn’t see if it had scales, hair or just smooth skin.
The hunter seemed curious, but the mage didn´t add anything else as he looked around for anything that would help him change the subject.
“Yes, you have”, nodded Dean, “And that´s awesome, man. But this place, it makes no sense”, he looked around pointedly, “Someone saves me and takes me to the most luxurious room I could imagine? Heals me, promises to help me find my brother? Too good to be true. There´s gotta be a catch”
He´d left all of it back in the forest. At the mercy of the elements- while apparently the blade´s maintenance was
Sam´s nerves jittered as he run alongside Kevin through the hallways. He grimaced as he heard Cas howl in the distance. He tried not to think about what would be happening to him. About why, if the situation was too hairy for him, wasn’t he vanishing and reappearing somewhere else, confusing their enemies; as the angel had assured them he could do to convince them to leave him behind as bait. About what was too much to overpower an angel of the lord. About what was his brother running towards.
He crashed them both into an old bookshelf that broke under the hit, his enemy groaning as chips of wood fell over them. He grabbed Dean, pushed him away, and ducked him in the face. The hit was weak, and though it had hurt a bit and turned Dean´s head to one side, he let out a scornful laugh.
“I just can´t believe you guys haven’t asked for the gender of the baby yet”, Dean deadpanned towards his brother.
“I´m not saying it´s all a bad thing”, Sam continued, turning to him, “God knows… well, I don’t know about God, but
Both lowered their eyes for a second, considering themselves mildly scolded for insulting each other- again. Then Dean smiled up at his brother and walked two steps towards him.
deal”, Dean countered, “In the heat of the moment, everyone chooses whatever they think it's best. And sometimes that means taking a bullet for someone else”, he started flipping bacon on the pan, “But man, bringing a suicide plan from home? That´s just too fucking much. I just don´t get it, man”
“She… she knows. She’s always known. We nobles have duties in exchange for our privileges. So, it’s not like she can complain”
They kicked and punched, grunted as enemies fell at their feet, too winded to talk, until suddenly some calm got to them.
John Winchester pressed his lips and nodded, but his face remained distanced. Maybe a little bit uncomfortable.
He saw with the corner of his eye that Sam was taking his jacket off too. Kevin still grasped at the tablet. Cas had his eyes closed, frowning in concentration.
The angel kept his stare. They stared at each other for what it seemed an eternity, as so many times both had. Dean knew him. He knew him too well.
He looked back at the drooling, menacing plant- seeing now that he was closer that the bottom of the flowers ended in a tube that would continue down the stem… and that at the base of several stems were swollen lumps, obviously containing other creatures the plant had previously captured and were still being digested.
Another wolf corpse fell to the ground with a thud, the one that Dean had killed in Castiel´s room. The bag had not magically kept it unaltered, and it was eerie to see the difference between its appearance and the clean, still unaltered one of the wolves of its pack, now all of them laying dead on the forest.
He avoided his brother´s intense gaze and just… started walking up the stairs of the bunker. Sammy had followed him with his worried eyes all the way up, before telling him to be careful out there. He had left with a hand wave as his only goodbye.
Hot liquid fountained on Cas´s cheek and chest, and he turned his head away as the wolf let out a high-pitched whine and its paws patted frantically on top of him. The panting hunter planted his feet and as he roared he shoved the beast strongly with his shoulder, making it tumble away from Castiel.
The mage winced at the memory for a second, but then focused. He closed his eyes for a second before pressing his lips and lifting the cracked and dry upper lip of the thing enough to see the fangs. He had been around corpses before… but human corpses, in good preservation conditions, disinfected… He took a breath and even with his nose deactivated, he thought he could
“I know, Dean”, Castiel interrupted with the softest, kindest voice he´d ever been addressed with, “I knew. I always knew. And it doesn’t matter. I don’t need it. I really don´t. I never intended to tell you. I wouldn´t ever have, if it hadn´t been necessary to save you. I…”, he doubted for a second, and in front of Dean´s eyes he sighed into relaxation, with a calmed pride and peace the hunter had never seen in him, “I am not sorry about what I feel, or what I said. But I am sorry that hearing it made you feel bad, or uncomfortable, or guilty. Please. Forget it, if that´s what you need”
“No shit”, Dean’s mouth twitched in a bitter smile that never formed, “It was nighttime, when the curse hit”
thrilled to see you”, his mum was telling him, “He just went outside for something, I don´t know what…”
He left the quill on the table and passed his hands over his hair, keeping them at the back of it as he closed his eyes for a second, his head sheltered between his arms. He had no idea how was he going to look Dean in the eye the next day.
The Road So Far: Sam, Dean and Castiel went to Hell to rescue Kevin from Crowley, who had retrieved the Angel Tablet. In their daring escape, they faced an abhorrent being that none of them could identify nor fight; and Castiel ended up pretty banged up and was hurt by Holy Fire, damaging his Grace, which he cannot heal for the moment. After they finally return safely to the bunker, Dean went to check on Cas before going to bed... and discovered as they speak that, apparently, Cas intended to die on the mission.
“If I find him in the army, that’s fine. I mean, I would like that, but I can’t count on it, you know? If he’s not too high ranked, maybe I would be able to keep the memory, cause I’m not a defenseless child anymore- especially when I become powerful enough to make it into the army. But… if he’s high enough, maybe I would have it erased again. So… that can’t be my objective”
The four mage families held a big part of the fortune of the kingdom, provided by the Crown. Commoners got funds too, but in a smaller proportion; and were many times managed by the nobles that ruled over their regions. Some peasants considered the arrangement was unfair. Some nobles argued that they needed those extra funds to perform their duties of protection and management of the towns and villages under their care. Both social castes did not mix and rarely interacted, aside from the servants in the Spires- which many times, only employed slightly talented magical people. Mages stayed in their palaces, and commoners in their wooden villages.
“There it is”, Sam said pointing up with his spatula before using it to move the eggs around the skillet, “I think it´s not just that he cares and he would sacrifice for us, which he would. I think it… has something to do with being an angel”
He was still floundering uncomfortably when the mage got out of the bathroom. Dean turned to him. The noble wouldn’t look up at him, apparently ashamed and with a permanent frown of irritation.
His heart was hitting so hard onto his chest that it hurt. He was glad that Cas was by his side and he could look forward without seeing him.
“I hadn’t thought of that… But probably. A living body is, after all, a work of art”, he said, and his eyes shone a bit as he did, a small smile on his lips, “It’s outstanding; the precision of embryogenesis, the perfection of homeostasis, the functioning of the immune system, of natural regeneration…”
A few seconds later he was panting in the middle of the clearing. The last two vexhounds were running for the hills, tails between their legs- one of them with one of his damned knives still on it- and Dean only had two bites on his left arm and leg and one spike stabbing his torso. Could’ve been worse.
“No, no, no, there´s no need”, Dean sighed as he shook his head, and he closed his eyes for a second.
But then something happened. Crowley snapped his eyes to the mid-distance, as if noticing something. From the ground, Dean rose his eyes to him as he smiled, made a little mocking laugh-
“I swear, man”, Dean laughed, “You. Flyyyying above the thing like a freaking hero of the legends…”, he said as he raised a palm in a diagonal arc, “And then BAM”, he harshly lowered it to his other hand in a loud clap.
“My family can´t see me hurt, Dean; or the scars non-magical healing would leave”, Cas said firmly looking up at him, “They would ask questions I have no way to answer”
Cas closed his eyes to let out a tiny sigh. Of course. It just made sense he was the host of that meeting. The healer nodded his thanks to his brother as a knot of mixed feelings cozied itself on the bottom of his stomach. It… had been months since he´d last seen his fiancée.
He could also feel the icy claws of the black veins that he knew, without looking at himself in a mirror, were marking his skin from his heart, to his shoulder, climbing up to his neck. And his
He looked up at Dean, who was watching him with raised eyebrows, curiosity and slight awe on his expression. Cas gave him a tired smile and extended his hand to him.
“Don’t worry, Dean. I´ll get us to the motel safely”, he said in passing, but with some warmth behind it.
Something made then Dean freeze where he stood. His instincts drove him into stealth mode, his movements slow and measured, his breathing quiet, as his whole attention was directed to their surroundings. He could feel the danger. He just didn’t know exactly where yet.
He tried to be cool. He did. But how could he stay calm as the flames danced in their mocking, stupid choreography, especially designed to give him heart attacks when they ultimately died down for a fraction of a second?
Dean gritted his teeth, jaw clenched, as he dug his heels in the ground, his weight tilted backwards. His sword was on his right hand, his left fingers were clasping at Castiel´s forearm.
But John seemed pretty determined, he walked fast, and Dean felt his stomach fall as he realized he wouldn’t be swift enough to grab him away by an arm before he got to the unawaring angel.
Two gunshots resonated in the room, lighting it up in two little bursts of light. In those, Dean saw… that presence; that beautiful, warm and caring presence… getting hit. Heard it hiss lightly, more annoyed than pained, but his rage multiplied.
The mage felt the air abandon him upon seeing him alright, relief a punch to his gut; but his calm lasted all but a second. Stuck in place, he saw Dean take a breath, grip his sword with both hands and start prowling the monsters again. From this angle he could see his bleeding flank. He looked tired.
Smallest warning: there is some talk about gender and sex. I really hope I didn't fuck up, I'm not an expert on the issue (though I did ask some nonbi and trans friends to help) and Dean´s gotta be a little bit ignorant, and this is all told from his point of view. So... hope it´s fine like that.
“Yep. No wonder you don’t know it, they’re not common. Hadn’t found one in years. Though, it’s true that they stay hidden till they sense a juicy prey”
He wanted to find him quickly. He wanted the disgusting repellent and the potions and Castiel’s abilities and his stupid map. He knew going refreshed to every hunt due to good rest and good food made him a better tracker. The noble hadn’t lied about being able to help- and Dean wanted every advantage to find Sammy.
But before he could lower his sword on a finishing blow, two clawed paws dug on his sides, ripping down savagely.
“I have to go”, he grunted, swinging his legs over the side of the bed with a pained wince, but looked up at Cas as he put a firm hand on his chest.
And as another monster jumped towards him, his other arm never letting go of Cas, the hunter threw the object towards the plant; just in time to interpose his right limb between the incoming creature and him.
“Som… Something´s not right, Cas”, he murmured, eyes flicking nervously over the garden, as if his surroundings could give him any answers.
“See how it stops staining the leaves a few steps forward?”, he continued, a knowing smile tinting his words.
“Not so much, at least not anymore”, Cas admitted, “We´ve all grown up, and each of us has… his life, and interests and duties”
The room was vast and magnificent. White pristine walls rose up to the high ceiling, supported by strong columns that were richly decorated with golden vines. One of the walls was occupied by two high picture windows, decorated with a fine black metal lattice; that flanked a glass balcony, with the same decoration, that led to the garden. Cream-coloured velvet curtains hung at the sides, held by golden fringed ropes.
He did not trust the hunter to be patient enough to wait, so he did not dare tell him he would still need a full night of sleep or two. He would have to find the way to keep him there as long as he was able, stalling as long as necessary.
But he was starting to get used to some things, if he was honest with himself. The food, the shower… and he felt a bit guilty on occasions. He knew the things Cas gave him- the potions, the food- were daily stuff for him… but Dean was more than aware that if he told any of his hunter friends about his situation, they would laugh their asses off and say that he had gotten himself a damned noble sugar daddy.
He stopped himself as Sam turned the nightstand lamp on. He had felt, for his life that he had felt the scales of the Echidna all over him, its mucus drenching his clothes, seen those furious eyes on him.
The hunter stood looking away, silent… until he emitted a growled sigh, his shoulders slumping in defeat. He looked back at Cas, sad… but yielding.
The only way he had found to improve their sleeping arrangement had been to put a spare pillow he found between them, creating a little wall that at least provided each of them with an inviolable space of their own. Dean had snorted at that, assuring him he would not hump him during the night or whatever; but Castiel had insisted adamantly that it was necessary for
The angel was half-incorporated on his elbow, looking at the thing in horror; still griping his hand to his chest. He was alive, conscious, and out of the fucking fire cage. They had that much at least.
They shared one of their looks, one of their staring glances, as both kept the shadow of a smile on their lips.
As fast as the menace had come to the hunter´s features, surprise arrived, as he blinked several times. The mage straightened while, for further demonstration, touched the back of his left hand with the pure silver blade of the weapon- which was, by the way, still smudged with dried blood.
At some point he found himself with his eyes closed, leaning on the hand that pinched the bridge of his nose, his mind slipping into unconsciousness in the middle of the memorized list of Corruption symptoms and stages. He opened his eyelids and found them heavy to move. He turned to the clock on the wall. It was
“Ugh”, Dean groaned, feeling stupid and clumsy. He rubbed the back of his neck, looking down, “Look, I wanted to apologize about last night. That wasn’t, I wasn’t right. You’ve like… I’m an idiot, I’m ignorant, you’re right, I don’t know nothing ‘bout shit. Sorry”
Dean bared his teeth, neck tense as his sword stopped the enemy´s attack. He had jumped over Cas and had both feet firmly grounded between the noble´s legs. The creature in front of him struggled to make its attack pass through and screeched, and that´s what made Cas finally able to see it.
“Pheasant”, Castiel answered distracted, squinting at Dean, “With a sauce of berries and cinnamon, I believe. Our cook makes it often”
“Yeah, you fucking can, you monster clasher”, Dean snorted, “So I was thinking… is there a way we could like, celebrate?”
While Castiel´s eyes turned a bit confused, a chorus of howls started to sound in the distance. The angel looked around… a bad feeling creeping onto him
The hunter glared at him as if he wanted to tell him to go perform some sexual activities with himself, but his eyes turned nervous and longing upon falling over the cauldron.
His brother was very powerful. He had seen him raise a hand and watched appear a wall of brightly glowing protection symbols around a person once- into thin air. Several at once. Without needing to draw anything, without needing blood to power them up, without even needing a
“Absolutely, honey. We can all have lunch. Or would you prefer to spend some alone time with your mum?”, she looked at him with loving eyes.
“Already flowing to be protected, plus that big old suitcase you´re carrying”, he pointed at the briefcase that was already closed and on Sam´s hand.
“You don ́t know that”, Dean snapped back as he reached forward towards his discarded clothes, bloodied and rumpled on the floor.
Dean followed the gesture and saw how Mary and Ellen were laughing as Cas had his little, eager smile of
Out of the corner of his eye he saw one of the things whirl its head back: Dean had run five or six steps around the pack and had stepped on a branch, calling to his attention. The beast´s eyes followed the hunter for a fraction of a second before turning to slowly pace towards him. Castiel saw with horror that while four wolves still focused on him, three more looked at their distracted brother, and then looked back at Dean too, limbs tensing to follow.
He was determined, however. There were few things he was more stubborn about than his self-improvement. Following Dean´s footsteps literally was a huge help- and after a while, he stopped tripping, and even felt he had gotten the hang of it.
One of the endregas roared and charged towards him. The hunter jumped to one side and rolled on the ground to get away from its path, letting it pass him; and he immediately jumped back on his feet to lounge forward and deliver a vertical attack at his flank. However, when he was tensing his shoulders to deliver a second blow, his head snapped to his right and he jumped back suddenly, balance wavering. The other endrega had also run towards him, and as Dean backpedaled it turned to attack him with his sharp frontal legs in rapid succession. The hunter was able to dodge the first attack, deflect the second one with a swipe of his sword, always sidestepping; and by the time the third thrust came, the first endrega had already maneuvered to turn its body towards Dean.
As Castiel and Lucifer came back into the room, the double wooden doors were opening again. Cas saw Gabriel and Michael entering together, pausing for a second to close the door. Michael kept an intense gaze on Gabriel, who seemed a bit uncomfortable.
When he could open his eyes again, he felt a fist on his back, a hand grasping his arm. He looked at the latter, sweat pearling his forehead, before looking up, lips parted as he still panted.
“When the War was ending, a faction of vampires infiltrated the Kingdom and gathered intel on the commanders of the army. The ones who didn’t surrender to blackmail got their families killed, tortured, or turned into monsters. Those who surrendered to the threats… the information they gave out allowed the Vampire Faction to access one of the healing camps, where wounded, defenseless soldiers recovered. It was a massacre”
The offer was there. He could say no. Not face yet if his brother… was already dead. But Castiel was right, and they both knew it. It would make no sense to expose both of them to the dangers of the forest if there was nothing to rescue.
Edit- I´m sorry, I DID IT AGAIN. I had this chapter already written like a week ago, but I wanted to try and do a cover of the acoustic version of Beyonce´s Sweet Dreams.... And fuck, let´s face it, I´m never gonna upload anything xD I record it and it´s never good enough, and I keep saying I´ll do a better version and all of that... I´m so frustrated xD So sorry for the delay!
“Maybe, if they behave”, grunted Bobby with a smile, “Don´t tell your father just yet, just in case”
He looked that way- and the gasp he started to make was cut by Dean leaning strongly onto him, widening his eyes in a warning. Castiel, eyes wide, gulped and nodded. Dean took his hand from his mouth very slowly and looked back at the monsters.
After a few seconds the hunter slowly put his goblet on the floor, worried eyes never leaving him, and raised his hands slowly in a pacifying gesture.
“Of course”, she said, dedicating a warm smile to the angel, “It´s nice to finally meet you properly, Castiel”
“My… The part of my Grace that inhabits my arm seems to have been damaged by the Holy Fire on yesterday´s battle”, the angel admitted reluctantly, “But worry not, it will heal soon”
“It was my pleasure, and it cost me nothing. Ellen and Jo had everything already set, all I did was move it”
Cas´s attention snapped back, his initial fear reigning down. They had a plan. This was just another training exercise- and he could do this.
One step, his hand automatically closed the door behind him as his eyes tried to understand what he was seeing, and he froze.
His eyes widened so slightly, his curiosity peaking. Muscles and scars had told him so much about that man... and suddenly, a mystery. It looked... like a sigil of some kind. His mind raced as his heart pounded with excitement upon the challenge, reviewing the little knowledge on arcane symbols that he had. Distracted, he left the cloth on the bed. And; as his face drew closer to try and solve the riddle better; his now uncovered hand closed in, ever so slowly, to finally lay its fingers on the inked skin.
Suddenly, a slithering sensation coursing up his leg. He patted at it instantly, and punched a guy on the face, sending him senseless to the floor. But another thing crawled over him, and another one on his other calf; he got bitten again at his hip. He grunted, backpedaling, cursing and brushing the things off; dodging another gal. One of the
, he thought, remembering his ankle, and the wolves, and that time was precious, and that so much could happen in a second in a fight…
“The last thing I want to do is to hurt you. Any of you”, he said in a firm, calmed voice, “But you know how things work for us normally. You know we will face these kinds of choices again. It´s always one of us that has to sacrifice for the others”
He closed his eyes, trying to stop the flood of sensations, but it did him no good. He breathed in the fresh air of the land around Sonny´s Home for Boys. A shiver of horror ran down his spine as memories from Hell flashed through his mind like a lightning bolt. Terror froze his bones as he felt utterly alone in the world, abandoned, discarded. He felt on his lips the taste of his first kiss. He smelled the stinging stench of burned meat, undoubtedly coming from a hunter´s pyre. He felt on his face the roaring flames that had burned his childhood home. He heard Sammy screaming for Jess as the same flames consumed his apartment.
“I still don´t get how a djinn can consume so many people so fast”, Sam muttered as he opened the trunk, rummaging inside.
“Ah-ah”, Dean said in a negative as he grabbed his wrist to stop him, “Are you really in a condition to heal me right now?”
Dean then realized… He might have worded the cattle thing very… disrespectfully. I mean, he had intended it that way. Controlling someone’s sexual life? It was stupid, it was horrible, it was disgusting and unfair and people should not be treated in that fucking way.
The mage looked down, starting to understand. He didn’t like the idea of leaving Dean behind, but he was right.
Glinting white wings extended wide at his back, and though he couldn’t get any sensation from them, he could control them at will. For some more minutes, at least. Flying was, if he was honest to himself, the only time he felt truly free. He loved the feeling of the wind on his face, the thrill of speed as he lunged forward between the treetops and the clouds.
Castiel took a deep breath, heart thumping. They were both ready, standing by the bluestone. Dean had the angel blade on his hand, while Cas… had simply rolled up his sleeves.
“I can´t, Dean!”, the angel exclaimed, his good arm around Jessica in an attempt of protection, “I can´t use any of my powers since I teleported in!”
He was running. He had seen it, growing in the far distance, but rushing so quickly. He didn´t know what it was… but he knew it was coming for him.
“I ́m... beat”, he said, starting to lay back again, “Bit dizzy. Mouth tastes like... herbs”, he groaned as he sank into the pillow.
The Road So Far: Castiel of the House of the Mighty goes with Castiel Winchester to the Doomed Forest of Wyvernon, to try and find Dean´s brother Sam, who got lost a bit more than a week ago. As they teleported in, Dean did not have his sword or any of his equipment, and a pack of giant wolves were feeding on the remains of the monsters he last killed. Cas has to distract them while Dean gets his gear- if his inexperience doesn't get him killed.
Well, I am back :) I'm still marching at full speed with Kingdom of Heaven, but I have decided I will try to keep uploading this one. I reread it and... damn, I thought it was such trash when I stopped writing; but this time I honestly liked it. Maybe it´s a self-esteem thing? Anywho, I've decided that this one is worthy too, and it also deserves to be born ^^ I can´t keep a clean-cut schedule for both, so this one will still be updated following a bit more the rhythm of inspiration. But I´m not burying it anymore as I intended till now :)
In the confinements of his car, his home, with no one close, he started hitting the dashboard with a fist, over, and over, and over; as he grunted and finally screamed. He roared in rage and fury, for all the ones he had lost, for all the ones he thought he had gotten back, and lost again; until he ran out of breath.
But yeah, he hadn´t done enough. And he started to feel like shit, so he just took the bull by the horns. He looked down into the asphalt, took his hands to his pockets and he felt himself shrink a little, as if he was trying to retreat into himself.
He saw that son of a bitch raise a sloppy guard in front of him, his eyes wary as he gulped. Dean made a cruel smile. He had stood out of his reach as he cast the spell, as he summoned the Holy Fire that had consumed his parent´s house and his family…
Then a clutching sound, a whine. The bites stopped as the creature arched its back in pain and revolved above him. Cas opened his eyes.
“Pffft. You haven’t seen me drink”, Dean snorted as swirled his cup around before taking another sip.
The baby news exploded immediately, and suddenly the birthday party became a gender reveal party too. Mary couldn’t be happier about it. She clung to Sam´s arm for several minutes with tears in her eyes. Jess was held for some moments in a sandwich hug between Charlie and Jo- just before being bombarded with excited and high-pitched questions. John seemed too overwhelmed to say much, but he did pull Sam down into a tight hug before excusing himself, eyes glinting. Bobby came to clap Sam in the shoulder with shiny proud eyes as he offered him some of that scotch, declaring he
The mage frowned in confusion. Dean was sitting on his desk chair, having put it against the wall beside the desk to look towards him, and had a big tome open on his lap.
“There´s an ancient… greek myth”, murmured the angel as he moved around, maybe searching for some book, “About a woman with half of her body as a snake´s…”
Cas halted to a stop. His elder sibling had just appeared in front of him. The healer had been able to pass the staircase and advance half of the hallway before being caught... Not good enough.
He stopped, took another deep breath. Cas was tense as a coil by his side. He didn´t seem to be breathing. Maybe he didn’t need to.
Their mother looked at them and sighed as she smiled and shook her head. She knew they were up to something… But she apparently decided to surrender, since she followed them back towards the kitchen.
Cas´s eyes got lost in the distance for a second, and his voice turned a bit hushed. A lot less conversational, and much more serious and worried.
Teeth lashed at him from the front, and he jumped back to dodge; and he immediately let out an exclamation as he felt pain on one of his ankles. He lashed a vicious push, and the wolf that had thrown a tentative paw slashing at him whined upon impact. The wound wasn’t incapacitating, but his ankle pulsed angrily and painfully at the rhythm of his pounding heart. They had formed a half-moon shape around him, and the mage could not see all of them at once. He panted, nervous, his eyes shifting in an attempt of seeing all of the beasts at once. No weapons. Only kinetic magic. He didn’t dare do a full circular push, what if he got Corrupted again? He wished he had at least a stick or something to put between him and the wolves. He tried to walk back hurriedly, limping slightly…
“No, it hadn’t extended through your system yet; I was able to purify it easily”, he answered as he took his hand down.
The hunter snapped his head forward at Cas´s warning, and saw the hellhound jumping towards him. He had time to slide quickly to one side, letting the pooch go through the flames. He heard it squeal, Kevin too, and heard the thing trashing behind him until a grunt from Sam and a final moan told him the thing was finished. He couldn’t look back, another jumped to his face roaring and slashing with its claws. He dodged, but got some nice slashes on his face, he grunted.
Dean blinked and looked at the bed he was occupying, as if he was considering Cas´s side of things for the first time.
The mage opened his heavy eyes. Above, the treetops let small gaps through which the blue sky could be seen, and light poured down through. Over his head, fern leaves shook slightly with the calm breeze, the light shining through them giving them an eerie glow; the little patches of spores on their underside the only non-translucent part of them. Birds chirped around, unseen between the tree branches.
The front door cracked open, and a guy with moping hair entered looking around as if he intended to rob the place. As he found them in the hallway, his eyebrows shot up, right before his face broke into a huge grin.
Dean seemed outrageously okay with his body being torn and bleeding, and kept looking at him as if he had lost his mind for wanting to restore it to an adequate state. Castiel looked down, trying to settle. If he didn’t want to, that was it. He respected his patients’ wishes. It was also true that… right now, doing more magic would certainly wear him down enormously. But he couldn’t stop frowning, a yearning on his heart unable to be unheard.
“What?”, he said with a forced deadpan, “Too crude for you?”, his expression turned into a smirk, “Or do you see something you like?”
This is barely edited, I might have to come back in the future to do some changes; but I sincerely dont have the energy to review it now. I'm low key surprised I got enough to post xD Episode 20 broke me and writing has become something really really hard. Idk how often Ill update. I guess comments could help but i don't know. Life sucks lately a lot xD
This episode was inspired by the song Archangel from Two Steps From Hell (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ-QLl5qjLg), the first part written to it on a loop, and I highly recommend you listen to it as you read! It makes it so much better!
“Sammy was like that”, he said with a nostalgic smile; then added very quickly, “When he was young, I mean. Dad tried to teach him how to hunt for food and he’d refuse, insisting that he only wanted berries. Later in life, he learned that one can’t only live outta that, but even now he eats very little meat- and always kills his prey quickly, as painlessly as he can. Made me start paying attention to that, actually. My dad didn’t care much about that part when he trained us- the only important thing was keeping us alive and fed”
Cas nodded again and delicately put a hand to his covered belly. He felt the tingly sensation of magic leaving his skin, and the slight tensing on the hunter´s body under his touch let him know he felt it too. His power whispered the damaged muscle fibers to start growing, to join the sisters they had been torn from, to embrace each other and thread again as if no damage had ever been done; his skin, to grow evenly over the last marks, the scarred tissue, to be reabsorbed… all in the hushed poem of energies and pulses and warmth that inspired Castiel´s healing magic.
, he thought as he opened them, irritation rising inside him. He had cleaned his wounds, the elixir was made with different kinds of antibacterial ingredients. Any superficial germs should have been taken care of...
Then he realized he was not keeping his guard at all, and opened his eyes again. Dean was swinging the bag of holding over his shoulder. He looked back at Cas, as if wondering what the hell was he still doing there.
“Look, I´m sure you´re good at whatever you... nobles do. But hunting is no game, and you very obviously lack experience”, Dean finished, shaking his head.
“Yeah, I know. It’s okay. It was a warrior’s death. No hunter dies of old age, you know? I’ve accepted that too. Maybe one day I would have liked to have kids or whatever…”, Dean’s gaze got lost for a moment, “But I can’t stay put if I see people in danger, you know?”, he said looking up at Cas.
With no hesitation and a word of power, Castiel thrust the teleportation crystal into the ground, beside the fallen warrior. Still clutching it, he murmured the incantation needed to bind the bluestone to the place, that would make it an anchor for magic, and that could not be revoked unless someone used magic on it too.
He had played it off as cool as he could when he received it- but hell, the bag of holding was very fucking expensive. Part of him had been a bit embarrassed to accept it- while part of him had been like,
Those eyes rolled back into his skull, face purpling. The hunter saw his gun arm flailing at Dean´s right. Was he gonna shoot him? He would take it gladly. Just moments and it would be over- he was not backing down now, bullets or not.
At that, Castiel closed his eyes. His friend was more than aware that that whole deal still caused him pain, but he had to say it.
His instincts made him start running before being aware he had given the order, back in the direction they had come from initially. The light was long gone.
“I… I am so sorry”, he said again, “Then… I will provide you with anything you need to repair it. I can take it to the castle´s blacksmiths. I… will find a way to explain why I need them to fix a hunter´s sword. But I will fix this, Dean”
- IShip and her plant knowledge. I contacted you to ask about the antidote and later we remained in touch ^^ I feel so lucky!! Also, you were the one that came up with the "mudcrawler" term, if I recall correctly, and I love it so much! :D
wave, relentless, excruciating, shaking his whole reality. He did not hear Dean crawl closer, but he felt him taking his chin up to examine his neck.
“And that´s only one of the things magic can do”, he said very lightly, sitting slowly beside the hunter.
“So, you… you good to hunt today? Feelin’ like it?”, Dean ventured with an insecure smile, “Could really use your help. If ya want”
That made Dean frown. Kevin gulped and quickly got to his feet, walking to Cas. The angel rose his left arm and touched his temple with two fingers. A second after, the wounds on Kevin were gone.
But the gun didn´t point at him. The arm moved to one side, and as those bloodshot eyes weakly focused on something, the trigger was pulled once, twice, thrice.
He remembered that horrible pain, of course he did. And right before that… Dean suddenly widened his eyes, fuzzy memories of the fight finally coming back to him. Holy crap. He turned completely towards his brother, who darted his eyes at him in slight puzzlement, his profile intermittently illuminated by the passing car lights.
“Okay, Kev”, Dean said with a plate full of bacon and scrambled eggs in front of him, “Storytime. Tell us what happened”
“Cas, what the fuck”, Dean kept talking at his back, his voice suddenly heavier, “You’re telling me that no matter if you’re gay or asexual or whatever, you gotta
His frowned eyebrows raised a bit as his eyes locked on something, like a hound that´s found its prey. Then they glided to the left, making him slowly turn his head, turn his whole body…
Castiel closed the door with a deep frown that he kept as he turned to the room. He looked up at the wall clock beside the door. He had totally lost track of what hour it was… and also what day, apparently.
He roared and attacked forward, a guy fell down but someone grabbed his throat from behind, he thrashed. Then he screamed, more in surprise than in pain. Something had bitten onto his calf, and when he shook his leg violently he saw something black and small fly away across the room. Panting, he tried to see what it had been, but it had vanished into the shadows.
, he thought as he took a bottle of herbal alcohol- his own sage and thyme mix- and poured some onto a cotton gauze. He lifted his eyes to his face as he touched the wound with the antibacterial substance, but apparently fatigue was keeping the hunter from feeling the stinging pain. He cleaned the wound gingerly, with the smallest strokes he could make. He realized the man had managed to get the bite in a way that it didn ́t hurt any major blood vessels. He found some old similar scars in the same area. Not the first time he ́d done that, then. He obviously favored his left arm for defense, to allow his right one to fight back.
He closed his eyes with a moaned sigh. The adrenaline spike was leaving him, and the pain of all his wounds was starting to register and clutter his mind. His shoulder probably wasn´t killing him, but it sure as hell felt like that. However, his torn leg constituted a new record for him on the pain scale. He gritted his teeth as he kept panting through them.
“Well… I would have had to fight him again about him not flying here to heal you”, Sam frowned, “I mean, your knee is really busted, but he can take care of it when we get back to the bunker. Right?”
He had left the cauldron ready with the ingredients needed for the little ritual Gabriel had explained to him in the hallway. He turned to Dean, who had given two ginger steps towards him.
“I can´t leave, Dean! I can´t use my Grace in this!”, Castiel looked at him, got behind a demon that was approaching the human and stabbed him in the back. He fell with a thump, “You need to go!”
The mage´s eyes hovered over the room for an instant, registering that the closet door was slightly ajar, probably cause the hunter had looked inside. Castiel walked past Dean, who was sitting on the bed, to leave his pajamas on the chair by the desk.
“So, Cas”, Dean said in a conversational tone, “What do your angel eyes see? When you look at the baby?”
I'm really unsure of the title of this chapter, but I couldn't come up with anything better xD Let me know in the comments if you have any ideas!
Knowing well the signs, he dived to get away right before he heard the little swatting sounds of the spikes being shot away, hearing them
Dean could not stop smiling from ear to ear. As moments passed, his mother was more and more awed, looking at the rock and the angel alternatively.
Another not so humanly roar rose, and suddenly the man was brutally stabbing the thing´s neck and face. Cas froze, horrified at the savage exchange. The beast whining and digging its claws into his body over and over, ripping through it; the man screaming in pain and hate and rage as the silver dagger went down again, and again, and again...
“Hi, Jess”, Dean said, raising his eyes to the woman´s, still with one knee in the ground and still with one hand to her belly; a silly smile on his face.
”, Crowley said, taking two steps towards him, getting to the fire frontier, “You? A little dumb seraph. You are
He sighed and stepped into the room, closing behind him. His youngest brother looked up at him, all blue eyes and short golden hair.
The blond woman tilted her head pensively, looking at him… and got close enough to cling to his arm and perch her head on his chest.
“I´m a hunter”, Dean murmured in a low tone as he walked closer and passed a hand over his face to remove stains, smile never leaving him, “You´re either good or dead”
He turned to the wall on his left and pushed it a bit. Cas had shown him how to open the frigging secret door the night before, as they waited for dinner. He felt the hidden coil tense and something click silently as he pushed deep enough, then took his hand back. The door opened a finger’s width. He nodded to himself and slid inside the bathroom.
“And I was”, Dean nodded without missing a beat, “But unless you had been less resourceful- that could have gotten both of us killed”
But he froze in place, frowning. He looked at his hand on him, alarm rising inside. He placed his hand more firmly. He took the back of it to his neck, placed its palm on his forehead.
“No way, man, I mean… I deserved that. Shouldn’t have talked ‘bout what I didn’t know. I’m an ignorant piece of shit, and I’m gonna stay out of your business from now on”, he said quickly, raising his hands.
Dean felt radiant with joy. His mother didn´t have to tell him how happy she was to see him, how much she´d missed him- and he had only been away for like two weeks. Full-on with the hunting business, he was usually crashing everywhere he was allowed to- at Sam´s, at the Roadhouse, at Bobby´s, or at his parent´s house. He felt no shame from being at his childhood home so often. His parents always made him feel welcome, although his dad was less prone to displays of affection than his mother.
In front of the mage´s horrified eyes, the endregas charged towards the restrained hunter; who with his legs trapped rolled away from their crushing path. As soon as they passed him, he sat up to take a knife from his boot, and he started grabbing the vines that held his legs together and hacking on them, frantic eyes snapping up quickly to evaluate the return of the creatures. The endregas slowed down on their charge and turned again towards him. Dean gritted his teeth, determined, ripping at the vines with a slight air of angered rush.
I hope you liked that! This truly is a time for fluff and family cuteness, isn't it? I´m sorry for everyone that liked that and that realized at the end Deans gonna wake up sooner or later and he's gonna be so fucked up when he does.
- Michael here has the face of Jake Abel (Adam in the show, who does not exist in this universe as a Winchester brother)
Halfway through the bowl, he started moving. He frowned, coughed some liquid out, and suddenly started flailing.
“Why?”, the hunter asked nonchalantly; but his tone was a bit more serious, and his eyes searching, “Have a deadline?”
I can't wait to post the new chapter, people. It's mostly done already. Finally so many things of what this world is made of will be revealed- and after that... comes the first chapter from Dean´s POV!! :D
Castiel couldn’t help but smile back at Dean as he felt his tensions ease. Apparently, a lack of manners would not constitute an insult to the peasant. That was honestly very relieving.
And no long after, she did. His face broke into a wide smile as he saw that yes, he had been correct about the color: those earrings went perfectly with her favorite dress. She came down the steps smiling at him, a bit embarrassed, and even more so when he took her hand and made her twirl around.
“For me to come with you, we will have to wait until tomorrow. I need another night of rest before I can do full magic, but!”, he quickly added as Dean moved restlessly, “You wouldn´t be wasting any time at all. You can´t search for any trails in the dark. If you left now, you would just find a relatively safe place to rest so you could start searching at first light, right? Well, you can rest here. Warm and way safer. And we leave at first light. That is when we will receive the message from the rangers, also. And we go, with that information, with potions, and my magic and your weapons”
