It is a conundrum of sorts.
“You are allowed to come, John.”
By the time John makes it to the second floor, Sherlock has already opened the door to his flat. John sees a flash of ashtrays overflowing with cigarettes and piles of used lab equipment while Sherlock rips his scarf off and throws it, along with his coat, onto files spread over the living room table. Then Sherlock looks at him, that sharp gaze drilling holes into him, and John stares right back. He’s out of breath from scaling those stairs. His leg throbs with pain. He’s shaking, caught up in the goddamn rush of this – whatever this is. His cock throbs urgently.
Sherlock nods. He has missed it. But not in the way that John thinks. The days would almost be frantic if they weren’t so tiring, if he didn’t feel as though he was pushing a machine that hasn’t worked in a long time. As if he is trying too hard, too much.
Sherlock even pulls him in, and for a second, everything’s perfect. John can smell Sherlock, deeply male and alpha. He can feel his heart beat in his chest, fast. He can look up, just a bit, and see the curve of Sherlock’s lips. The look of fascination in Sherlock’s eyes, the warmth. Sherlock says, “John...” and it sounds a bit choked.
Mycroft’s mouth pulls. “Point taken.”
“Ha!” John points at him while chewing.
“I was.” John’s not much in the mood to talk about that on camera.
, and they all look at him.
Sherlock says. “Hm.” John touches himself and sighs, happily. This is... he should have thought to do this before. Sherlock doesn’t need to do a thing, John’s not going to ask him, he’ll just get himself off. But it’s different with Sherlock this close. It feels bloody good, actually.
God, yes. Sherlock looks at him with dark eyes.
Mike smiles at them and says, “Let’s see how you did on your bamboo tattoos. Janine, you are up first.”
Mycroft, true to form, doesn’t comment on the sonogram at all. He simply says, “I can arrange for a beta driver to bring you both back to Baker Street.”
Sherlock’s eyes flash to his.
Sherlock frowns - he can’t seem to find the exact bruising patterns that should be there. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“For some time, yes.”
He feels almost drunk. They haven’t had more than a glass or two each from the bottle of wine standing between them, but it’s like that, that warmth, the flow of conversation, the flush of Sherlock’s cheeks even. John can’t see himself but he’s sure he’s the same.
He tries not to let any of his own hopes or interests colour his voice, but he does ask, “You would bond again?”
But Sherlock cannot stop considering John and their night spent together. The bright sense of
“I have worked with extensive scarring before,” Sherlock admits. He is the only artist out of the group who can pull this off in this exact way, and he knows it. Curiously, John seems to believe so as well. Sherlock glances at him. “So have you.”
” He looks back at Mycroft. “Isn’t it?”
being so public about loving both of them.
hormones, right?”
“Soo Lin,” Mike announces. “You are out.”
“Yes,” he says automatically, his voice somewhat hoarse. Then he eyes John and adds, “
. Obviously John is habitually generous with his praise and Sherlock should not take it personally, but it seems to wave through his stomach regardless, even while they order.
Sherlock, of course, has the luxury of more time to simply be with her, but even when Mycroft has the time, he is not always certain what to do with her. Mycroft has entire Sundays where it is just Violet and himself in his large house, and the truth is that those days drag. He tries to do what he did before - read, work - but it is interrupted so often that after a while he chooses not to even start, and simply waits for Violet’s next need to come along.
This isn’t good at all.
John wipes it off as best he can, then throws the handkerchief to the side and grins at him.
Lestrade gets up. “Yeah, I’m beat, too…” He gives Mycroft a last look as they are going. “’Night.”
Yes. “Mexican.” Sherlock has a favourite chilli at the one place - John knows what he wants.
him. It’s a stream of heat, making his whole body radiate. Sherlock bites extra hard, and it feels nothing but right, a righteous thrill, a need satisfied.
The next day, Mycroft tries to approach it as rationally as he can with Sherlock. He is aware that he is asking once again for the greatest gift of all - to have a piece of what Sherlock holds the most dear, presumably for a long time to come. But Sherlock seems, as he so often does, to underestimate the sheer difficulty of this. How can they share, when there are no clear rules to follow? Does Sherlock just assume that it will work out because they want it to?
Mycroft eyes him. He undoubtedly knows the meaning, but he does not comment on it.
It'll be fine.
He walks to the living room, aware that he’s hard. It’s been a while, he doesn’t wank nearly as often these days. He can’t really remember when he did it last. Maybe last week? In the shower?
The truth is that John’s exhausted, and Sherlock hasn’t slept in days, either, but who can say no to that, right? They end up at a hole-in-the-wall Indian place that Sherlock swears has great samosas. They laugh and recount the case while their knees bump together under the wobbly table, and John can’t imagine wanting another life than this.
Mycroft nods stiffly. “I imagine that Sherlock will be quite relieved to hear that.”
“Rosie,” John says.
But he needs to refuse.
Sherlock occasionally has to make a very conscious effort to ascertain that he is not in some extended dream. At times, it seems almost more plausible that he is not here at all, and that he is lying somewhere while high on drugs, his mind trying to make all of his deepest desires come true.
Mycroft writes back, “I am very thankful to you both for doing this, John. MH”
John pulls back a little. Sherlock’s eyes are like a stormy sea.
John closes his eyes again.
. John can see the flicker of fondness in Mycroft’s eyes.
Sherlock schedules weeks full of clients, but the reward of the work seems hollow now.
“Trying to do that much linework on the ribs is unforgivable,” Irene says. “It’s basic knowledge every tattoo artist needs to have. My vote is for Soo Lin.”
When the ambulance arrives, the paramedics take over and load him up. He’ll make it, probably.
And Sherlock feels good about it. Good, that he could provide that for John.
Mycroft looks at him, and his heart pounds. How odd, that he would be so susceptible to the charm of this idea. He swallows. “If you still wish to.”
If he hadn’t longed for this exact thing for years.
After the whole mess is over, and the person in question is detained, there is a small crying Princess Charlotte left in the arms of an uneasy-looking alpha bodyguard.
Mycroft throws him a doubtful look. “You are certain?”
John collects his laptop and sketch pad, sits down at the table on the other end of Janine’s paint project, and figures out what to Google. Anatomy again? It does lend itself well to that style, plus Sherlock would geek out over it, John knows.
The mum looks at Violet, currently hiding by Sherlock’s legs. “What did you
Mycroft nods, quickly. And averts his eyes, obviously a bit emotional.
Sherlock leans back to look at him, and says, “It was nice, John.” He untangles himself.
Sherlock smiles at him in return, a slow and long thing that John wants to look at for forever. John thinks about staying here a bit, maybe, lying on this sofa and staring at him. Rubbing his leg a bit.
Which is ridiculously romantic, so John takes his hand, and that’s how they walk into the space downstairs - hand in hand, to a small scattering of applause. It’s been turned back into a much more casual dining space. There are still some kids playing in the garden, and a few groups of people eating. There’s no one around they know very well, so Sherlock picks an empty table by the window. John’s not bothered by that at all. They can keep it low-key now.
But Sherlock isn’t there. He doesn’t exist like that.
He navigates the days, one after the other, and it does not get easier as much as it becomes routine.
Mycroft sits down on the bed again, and the movement of the mattress makes Sherlock feel unhinged. He can hear a high whimper that he realises is his own. But still he doesn’t move.
They do fine for a minute or so, and then John missteps onto Sherlock’s toes. “Shit, fuck, sorry!”
Mycroft does not know what to say. He does not enjoy social gatherings of any kind, let alone to celebrate Christmas. But he can see the slightly expectant way in which Sherlock is leaning forward. And John’s open, friendly expression. He is not being invited out of politeness, or for show, they actually want him to be there. And what would it really be, a couple of hours of listening to dull conversation? Eating some of Mrs. Hudson’s creations, and perhaps a drink or two?
Mycroft doesn’t walk him out, probably out of decency. John’s glad of it because it’s taking a bit to get his face in order right now.
John puts the cheques back into the envelope. He should keep them somewhere safe, he thinks. Actually, it’s probably surprising that Sherlock hasn’t grabbed them from his hands and ripped them up.
John maybe didn’t exactly realise it at the time, but he does now. He is dating Mycroft, too. Although
Mycroft can feel a smile flirting around his lips as well. “That is good news, John.”
But it feels as if he is wilfully abandoning William.
Violet’s giggles echo through the park while John chases them, shouting, “Oi, that’s
There’s not a moment of hesitation. Mycroft immediately kisses him back, and it feels intense straight away. John fists his hand in the back of Mycroft’s waistcoat, Mycroft moans into his mouth, and it just pierces him, how much he
Mycroft feels a sense of gratitude at that - John, steady in his convictions. “You are absolutely certain?”
“No. Just kissing.” John says it firmly. “Nothing more.”
They both get in the car.
John has the suspicion that this is one of those cases doctors talk about behind closed doors. That they wonder whether they all share a bed at night or something like that.
When Sherlock reappears, his face is washed, and his hair a bit wet. John reaches out and gestures for him to come closer, then takes a page out of Sherlock’s book and cups Sherlock’s crotch. John rubs his thumb there in a nice little back-and-forth over the warm bulge of Sherlock’s cock.
John had told work he might be a bit late and fuck it, it’s his last day. So he asks Sherlock, “Want to go get breakfast somewhere?”
Sherlock checks John’s computer, and reads John’s emails daily. He follows all of John’s dating efforts. And as a result, he can see him get increasingly sloppy. John writes emails back to these women with stupid typos. He goes from actual dates to meeting them for a quick coffee after work, or in his lunch break.
Some days it’s not there at all. On those days, Sherlock feels only John’s happiness.
Janine grins. “Called it!”
That evening, when John is lost in some action film on TV, Sherlock goes down the stairs and sits on the lowest few steps in the hall.
They both look at her. She seems like a Violet.
John should
When John does walk through the door, it is to the both of them reading police files. Mycroft did so only because Sherlock has them around, but now they are discussing a cold case he does find it mildly entertaining.
He slowly sits up. “Do I have time to shower?”
When, exactly, was it that he became this fond of John?
, I take it?” It is clear in Mycroft’s voice that he is somewhat amused by the request as well, now the instant fear of receiving a phone call from him has faded.
There is always change, of course. People grow closer together or further apart. Life runs on love and distance. Suffering and absolution.
John realises he’s half-hard.
“I know.”
John can tell it’s important to him by the strangely polite way in which he’s broaching this, and suddenly he wonders if this – the whole diner - is repayment for that night by the South Bank. Back then John was tired, and frustrated, and he didn’t recognise Sherlock or himself anymore. Violet was tiny and screaming all the time, and John yelled at him that he didn’t know that they were going to end up raising someone else’s kid.
Time was meant to make this more bearable.
“Great work.” John makes a point out of standing up and reaching out a hand. Soo Lin’s talented as hell; she didn’t deserve to go over this.
. John came for the first time in months, he came all over Sherlock’s face, and the thought of it makes him feel another hot pinch of want.
Mycroft does. He sits down and considers how much longer he can do this. This will be his fourth round of hormones. The chances of a successful pregnancy are lower and lower on every consecutive try. He regrets now that he did not have a double implantation every time, it would have changed the odds slightly. Not enough, perhaps.
Violet’s nagging.
John sits up slowly - his back isn’t made for sleeping like this anymore – and walks over to him. He hesitates, but then puts a hand on Sherlock’s bony shoulder. Sherlock feels cold, too. John doesn’t know what to say, his mind’s muddled with sleep, never mind that there’s not really words for ‘I know it really sucks that your mum died but seriously, running away, don’t.’ So John doesn’t say anything.
Mycroft is already replying before he even considers how strange it truly is to receive this text. How impossible, that they are dividing childcare and nights spent between them as if that is something that can be done so easily. And yet it is. Mycroft feels secure in the knowledge that John will indeed come over, and that Sherlock is perfectly happy to care for William.
a reference,” Irene explains. “Using only lines of different lengths and widths, you must create texture, depth, and contrast in your tattoo. We are looking for a simple image that you can draw without hesitation, something that is your bread and butter as an artist.”
Sherlock makes Lestrade search the CCTV footage of a dozen cameras, and when they do finally find the brother, he’s dead, too.
Sherlock hates that answer. What does his body matter? Why does it even factor into this, for John? “I’m going to get older.” Soon, he will be forty. “I will become less attractive.”
Sherlock did not. Not for a moment. Instead he studied the scars and said, “What would you like?”
“If you don’t want it to be me, lie to Sherlock? Tell him there’s something worse.”
“Janine is sitting out,” Sherlock announces.
They walk up the stairs.
Maybe Mycroft’s a sub, John thinks, as he slowly squeezes himself.
Never mind the fact that Mycroft has a sexual relationship with John, and that they have a biological child together.
Sherlock grins.
Sherlock pushes it away. “It’s fine.”
When they reach the front, Mrs. Hudson takes her seat next to Greg. Molly and Violet sit on his other side. Mycroft sits by the nanny with William, who for now is still quiet.
“...the Black 1.0 beta?” Soo Lin asks quietly.
John motions his client closer. “I just have to print the stencils, and then we’re good to go.”
Instead of paying attention to the cameras, or the camera operator who whispers, “How does that make you feel, Sherlock?” Sherlock considers the client’s thin upper arm.
Even worse, Sherlock awkwardly moves behind him and holds him, too. Mycroft can feel himself give into this, the touch, the warmth. He has not been hugged like this as an adult. Not in many years. He keeps his eyes closed, but yet he cries, a brief sting.
John swallows his drink, sits back in his chair, and smiles a little, but it’s tense.
He falls asleep within minutes.
John bursts out a laugh. Way to get straight to it. “What, is this the ‘hurt my brother and I’ll kill you’ speech?” John always thought that he got that one the first time he met Mycroft. He always assumed that Mycroft knew that, too. It’s the one thing they have in common, right?
Even superstitious, to think that because it was on Sherlock’s birthday it would have any chance of being more successful.
Mycroft takes John in. The lines of the suit are already visible, and yes, he was right, John is slimmer than his usual clothing gives him credit for.
The tailor meets them, guides them into a large room, and then shows them the suit and the last alterations. It’s entirely bespoke, of course. Sherlock would not get married in anything less.
John is standing closest to the kitchen, so Mycroft hands the bag to him. “I brought a red wine, and champagne.”
John looks at Sherlock to catch his reaction, but Sherlock has his lips closely pressed together. It’s weird, how he never speaks up in judging. Maybe he doesn’t want to risk insulting them, John thinks.
And then when John pulls back the covers and gets into bed next to him, Mycroft can do nothing but reach for him. He touches John’s skin, his shoulder, traces the scar of a gunshot - Mycroft has read the files in detail, late at night, imagining John in a hospital bed and entirely alone.
John made a noise in his throat, and then Sherlock felt the hand on his face slide to the back of his head, drawing him forward inexorably. And then John was kissing him.
“All right. But only if you join me in the bath.” He gave John a mischievous smile as he let his hand drift down, caressing John through his pajama bottoms and making it clear that while his nipples may not be available for sex, the rest of him still was.
“I noticed you watching me, you know. Do you know how much it turned me on to have you eye fucking me every time we shared a meal? I’ve wanked more over the last week than I have in years, thanks to you. I could practically read your mind, tell what you wanted me to do to you...but you never said anything, never asked.” John’s voice was a low murmur, the words practically pressed into Sherlock’s skin as he dragged his mouth from Sherlock’s mouth, across his jaw, to his ear. “I nearly caved and begged you to let me suck you off at the breakfast table this morning, you know. You were licking your lips while you watched me eat that banana, and I could see your cock outlined so perfectly in your pajamas. God, I just wanted to drop to my knees and swallow you down.”
Decision made, he hurried up the stairs, heading straight for John’s laundry hamper. He dragged out a dirty jumper, bringing it to his face and inhaling John’s scent deeply before reaching in again. He didn’t question why he needed an armful of John’s dirty laundry, merely bundled it in his arms and carried it downstairs, spreading it all over his bed. He made a few adjustments, tucking a few select pieces near his pillow before stripping and dropping down on top of the pile. He pulled his duvet over his head and breathed deep, dragging in deep pulls of John scented air. His last thought before passing out was that he was grateful John was rather unobservant and would likely not notice the missing clothes until washing day, which gave him several days before he would have to return them.
Then he pulled away, sliding out of Sherlock and helping him get his legs back on the ground.
He set his drink down decisively. He may not have any right to John’s attention, but that didn’t mean he had to stay and watch John pull. He was going home, and if he curled up in bed and fell apart, well, at least John wouldn’t come home and find him like that (at least there was that to be grateful for-whenever John got lucky, he always went back to their place). He stood and began to walk towards the door, only looking up when he bumped into a hard body.
He finished reading the fic he currently had open on his phone and made a decision. The only way to test a theory was to run an experiment.
“Good.  Then budge over.” this was accompanied by John reaching around Sherlock’s shoulders with one arm and tugging him closer, so that his head rested on John’s shoulder. “I’ve been waiting forever for you to finish eating so we could start a good cuddle.” John finished, dropping a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head.
“Let’s plug you up and get you home, sweetheart.”
“Oh, Sherlock. I didn’t realize. I only meant to tease a bit, love.” John stood up, came to kneel before Sherlock. “Let me make it better?”
John was relieved and grateful. He gave his agreement to Mycroft and hopped in the cab that had pulled up to the curb, giving the driver the address at Baker Street and sitting back tensely, unable to relax even as he headed home.
After John had got his breath back, he began giggling.
Sherlock felt heat spread across his chest and up his neck. John claimed he wanted Sherlock to ask for what he wanted when they were together like this. Still, Sherlock couldn't help the embarrassment that filled him.
“More than anything.”
“What do you want, love?” John's other hand settled at the small of Sherlock's back, warm and steady.
Ugh. This had to end. John had told him that now that the bonding period was over, he could safely start his suppressants again, if he wanted. He had thought he might not want to, but this was intolerable. He would start them again, today. He just needed to find the packet John had picked up from the pharmacy for him to replace the placebo pack. Which reminded him, he needed to work out who had replaced his suppressants, and more importantly, why. Which made it all the more important that he get his transport back under control.
. That hope only grew every time his Alpha side noticed the Omega behaviors seemingly directed his way: eating the food
John stopped.
Sherlock followed, then allowed himself to be drawn into John’s arms. John wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him close, resting his other hand on his shoulder by sliding it up his back. They began to sway to the beat, the dance so much more casual than any Sherlock had ever had shared, yet seemingly infinitely more intimate. John tilted his head, looking up at Sherlock, face serious.
John was flabbergasted at the absolute confusion on Sherlock’s face and in his voice.
But the bonding period had ended nearly two weeks ago. While the clinginess had abated (mostly), Sherlock was still experiencing hormonal fluctuations. One minute he was happily solving a case, the next he was snapping at John for breathing wrong, the next he was crying because he just
Minutes after their return, Lestrade and a few uniforms were entering the room, placing the suspect and the younger man under arrest. Sherlock explained to Lestrade, the suspect’s wife and John that the suspect’s lover was the missing intern, that they had embezzled from the company and had planned to disappear together. His explanation of how he had solved the puzzle left John exclaiming in admiration, the suspect’s wife in tears, and  Lestrade slightly disgruntled at the added paperwork necessitated by John and Sherlock’s unofficial undercover work at the party.
Which could only mean one thing. While he hadn't wanted to believe it (his Alpha side snarled at the thought), Sherlock had gone off his suppressants after his encounter with The Woman. The Woman who John had found naked, straddling Sherlock's lap. The Woman who had captured Sherlock's attention in a way John could never hope to. The Woman who texted him constantly, whose sexy moan ringtone had yet to be changed back to Sherlock's usual ringtone.
Sherlock gasped as John slid inexorably home, impossibly hot and long and thick, filling him until he thought there was no more room, and then still more. He cried out in pleasure as John brushed against a bundle of nerves on his inner wall, a sort of secondary prostate that Omegas had, sending sparks of pleasure shooting to his extremities.
John took the stairs at Baker Street two at a time. He stopped short at finding Sherlock seated at the table, looking through the microscope lens.
Sherlock felt numbness creeping over him. This was it. John would leave. He would take one look at that stupid stick and storm out, never looking back.
“And while I was so effectively distracted, I trust you took care of the problem?”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice came out thick. Sherlock’s eyes were drawn back to his face. John’s eyes shone, his face and unreadable mask of emotions. “Do you really think what we have is just some sort of fling? That I’m just using you for casual sex?”
John stalled out. When it was clear he wasn't going to finish the question, Sherlock looked up.
“But it's been hours. And I can feel the hormones receding. I'm still horny, but I'm not dying to be fucked.”
The last ended on a wail as Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck again, arms wrapping tightly around his Alpha. John could only return the hug, burying his own face in Sherlock’s curls, relief, gratitude and love for his Omega filling his chest and tightening his arms.
Sherlock sat stock still, processing. John’s hand rubbed up and down his side, and slowly Sherlock relaxed against him. After about ten minutes, he let himself slide down just a bit, slouching against John’s side as he tucked his legs up onto the couch. Ever so slowly over the next ten minutes, he slid down, down, down, until finally, John shifted away a bit and pressed Sherlock’s head down onto his lap. Sherlock sighed and relaxed completely, curling his legs against his stomach. John’s hand rested against Sherlock’s head, and soon his fingers were combing through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock smiled and closed his eyes, drifting. His last thought before succumbing to sleep was that he hoped he could somehow convince John to do this again in the future.
“Right. We need to get ready, bring supplies to your room, make a nest…” John’s voice trailed off as Sherlock placed his hand on John’s arm, stilling his movements.
“Dance with me.” this time John slid his hand down to Sherlock's, then gave a tug.
“Witness Protection?”
“No, don’t look like that. Whether you want to or not, your body is going to demand lots of sleep over the next few days. Heat sex takes an incredible amount of energy. Your body needs to rest between rounds. Until you are in full blown heat, we are going to snuggle and rest.”
Sherlock frowned. “You think someone tampered with my suppressants so they could
“C’mere love.”
Sherlock froze in place, violin bow inches from strings as his eyes focused, laser sharp on his brother’s face.
Sherlock arched up so far he nearly pulled free of John’s grip. A wordless shout escaped his lips as he began spurting long, thick ropes of come across his chest. As he fell back against John’s chest, John continued to pump him with one hand while his other gripped Sherlock’s hip, grounding him against John.
Sherlock’s hand slid down John’s arm, clasping his hand and tugging. John allowed himself to be dragged down the hall to Sherlock’s room by the nervous Omega. When they reached the doorway, Sherlock stopped and shot a glance at John before opening the door and stepping to the side.
The rhythm of the man’s exclamations made it clear he was being fucked, and from the sound of it, was thoroughly enjoying it. Unfortunately for John, he’d always found the sounds of someone being fucked, especially someone who was so enthusiastically vocal, to be a huge turn on. John’s cock hardened in his pants, and he had to struggle to keep his breathing normal. Of course, being trapped in a closet with Sherlock, feeling his warm body next to John, knowing that any minute he could work out exactly how the situation was affecting John, well, that only made his dick twitch harder in an effort to escape its confines.
“Brother mine.”
) lean body  softened in all the right places. On suppressants, Sherlock was gorgeous, no doubt. Off suppressants, his body practically screamed ripe, unbonded, ready to be claimed, filled, and bred. Even more noticeably, he'd been moodier than ever. There had been moments when John was certain Sherlock's Omega side was running the show-moments when he would practically purr with happiness while sitting next to John on the couch, eating takeout and watching movies. Other times, he'd find him curled up on the couch, sullen and unspeaking, practically hissing insults at John when he dared to show concern.
“You really must have deleted mating behavior from that great bloody mind of yours! An Alpha does not initiate bonding unless they are forcing a bond! You haven't presented once during heat, Sherlock, and I would never. Never. Force a bond on you.”
“You knew?”
Sherlock’s voice took on a pleased note. No doubt he was watching, waiting for John to go off.
Sherlock perked up when he realized John would be joining him for the night. He clambered up into the bed, intending to wait for John to join him before he gave in to sleep. But being surrounded by the smell of himself and John, knowing that his Alpha was here and making preparations for his heat, relaxation stole over his body and mind, and soon he was sleeping, one of John’s jumpers tucked up to his face and held in place by his arm, body curled on his side, facing the door.
John. John didn't want to mate. He didn't want an Omega. He especially didn’t want a
“Yes it is! You just spent fifteen minutes in the shower pleasuring yourself, John Watson! Even though we haven’t had sex in weeks and you finally have a night off and we have plans to stay in! You chose to get yourself off without me!” Sherlock heaved in a deep breath, rolling all the way over and sitting up. “I am fat! I can barely see over my enormous stomach! My ankles are always swollen. I am disgusting. I pass wind and have hemorrhoids and drool in my sleep. You don’t find me attractive anymore, you‘d rather get off in the shower than attempt to have sex with your fat, disgusting mate!”
“Have fun killing brain cells with Mike. I’m sure the two of you will have a wonderful time reliving your glory days and flirting with simple minded bar floozies!” The last was practically hissed as he hurled himself back around on the couch.
“You want to mate with me.”
“John.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John.”
John knew better than to call Sherlock's behavior over the last week mood swings.
John felt his heart catch in his throat, heat blooming through his chest at the words.
“Doctor Watson, I think it best if you return to Baker Street straight away. I will ensure the appropriate supplies are delivered with all due haste. It would be for the best for you to secure 221B and prepare my brother for his upcoming heat.”
“Are you drunk enough yet John?”
John shrugged. He hadn't really known where that thought was going.
“Just a bit sore.”
Omega.
“Yes, love?”
Sherlock's legs wrapped impossibly tighter as his nails dug into John's glutes.
John had just settled in his chair with a cup of tea, freshly showered and dressed for bed. He closed his eyes and savored the warm liquid, but found himself suddenly choking when Sherlock called his name from the couch.
Sherlock was grateful John was holding him so carefully. His knees were weak, his legs shaky. He was quite certain he would have slid to the floor at John's feet without his support. They stood there, Sherlock's breath puffing across John’s ear, John’s breath humid against Sherlock's neck.
“Oh, love.” John’s entire demeanor changed, shoulders dropping, arms pulling Sherlock just a bit closer, face softening. “I should’ve realized.”
He pulled off of Sherlock's cock, looking up to find his shoulders arched, head thrown back and thrashing against the bed, one hand stuffed against his mouth, stifling his cries. John growled and pulled the offending arm away.
“No lecture. I came home to make sure you were safe and have everything you need. Mycroft's sending supplies, and will install a security detail outside.”
“Got any other magnificent ideas in that brilliant brain of yours?” he asked, giving Sherlock a quick peck on the lips.
“Sherlock?”
“We never discussed being an exclusive couple. If you choose to seek sexual release elsewhere, that is your right. I apologize. I understand that I’ve no right to be jealous.” he managed around a tight throat.
“Like this?” John asked, rocking his hips forward in a way that rubbed their leaking cocks against one another.
“John?”
“Please, John.” Sherlock needed John to stop talking and start touching or sucking or anything! anything! to relieve the pressure and help him get off.
“Are you alright? Not feeling peaky are you?” he asked, licking his lips as he scanned Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock swallowed back a protest. Irrationally, he wanted John to stay, to sit on the couch, to take Sherlock in his arms and-no. Sherlock cut that line of thinking off.
Fortunately, the chippie stayed open late as they got a large portion of their business from pub crawlers from nearby pubs. Unfortunately, he’d have to go to the Tesco’s in the opposite direction for French mustard, since it was the only one open this late and the chippie did not serve French mustard.
John pulled out his fingers, holding his hand out so Sherlock could see the come coating them. John opened his fingers and Sherlock could see it spread between them, oozing and thick. He wanted to lick, to taste.
then that would. Yeah. That would be absolutely fucking brilliant. But I can’t do this if it’s just-” John’s words cut off as Sherlock was suddenly there, kneeling between his knees, hands gripping John’s in place on the arms of the chair.
Sherlock let out a long low moan at John's words.
“Right.”
His thoughts cut off as John pressed a kiss to his lips.
Sherlock's already dilated pupils darkened further at John’s possessive growl. His legs spread wide, welcoming John's hard body against his own.
Suddenly, John's hands tightened on Sherlock's hips, holding him down. Then he began to piston up into Sherlock. Sherlock clutched at Johns shoulders, holding tight as John’s thrusts threatened to unseat him. The burning ache in his arse went from pleasant throb to just this side of too much. He whimpered as John’s hands tightened even further-tomorrow he would no doubt have John’s fingerprints embedded in the skin over his waist and hips.
“Wrong again. You've got another round left.”
Sherlock followed, a bit dazed. So, they
“Stop.” John’s voice was barely audible. He licked his lips, cleared his throat. “Stop.”
He flinched as John's warm palm settled against his cheek. Unbidden, his nostrils flared, taking in deep the scent of John. Gun oil. …...and a refreshing, clean lemony smell that had always appealed to Sherlock (even John's scent was different than other Alphas, who usually were so heavily musky that they made Sherlock's head ache).
Maybe John would let him choreograph their wedding dance to this song. And Sherlock was certain there would be a wedding now. John loved him. That was all he needed to know to feel certain their future would be absolutely amazing.
Sherlock froze in place, his expression closing off quickly. But not quickly enough for John to miss the flash of hurt and rejection that tightened his mouth and darkened his eyes.
John slipped tantalizingly slowly into Sherlock before he began to roll his hips. John's long, thick cock dragged across Sherlock's prostate, a sensuous slide that had him keening in minutes. His head tossed against his coat, neck arching, hands bunching in the material beneath him.
Sherlock groaned in frustration and attempted to throw the offending shirt across the room.  When it merely fluttered to the ground a few feet away, he stomped over, picked it up, wadded it into a ball and hurled it across the room. The small sense of satisfaction he gained in watching it sail across the room was short lived as he caught sight of his naked torso in the full length mirror. It had been bad enough when his trousers wouldn’t button two days ago. But now his shirts (which, admittedly had always been tight) wouldn’t fit either.
When John finally came back to himself, he began laughing.
Arousal tightened his stomach as John deepened the kiss. John’s mouth was pressing harder against his, tongue sweeping into Sherlock's mouth, the hand at Sherlock's nape holding him firmly in place. As John drew back, he tugged Sherlock's lower lip between his teeth, nipping at it gently before pulling away, still holding Sherlock's body tightly to his own.
John just stared. After a few moments, Sherlock shifted on his feet, unable to correctly interpret John’s reaction and uncomfortable with feeling like he had missed something vital. Finally, John shook his head.
John stifled a groan. While he was happy that Sherlock was eating more, it seemed his cravings only ever came in the middle of the night, long after John had drifted off to dreamland.
Ugh. Clearly he had allowed John to feed him too much recently. He just needed to cut back on how often he ate. That was all. Meanwhile, he would simply wear pajamas at home, and if he had to go out, he’d wear a pair of the loose fitting jeans or trousers he kept around for some of his disguises.
was providing him food. Whenever he ate something John had cooked or bought just for him, a small glow of warmth, not dissimilar to the glow of warmth he felt when John praised his deductions with outbursts of amazing and brilliant, filled his chest. And when John noticed him eating and made approving noises or, worse, smiled at him, that feeling only intensified. He hated it (
But as the days passed and Sherlock had made no mention of his upcoming heat, John had begun to realize that perhaps Sherlock's Omega side was simply directing this behavior at the nearest convenient (
“You’re not upset about my using your things?” Sherlock was watching John from the side of his eyes.
“What was that, love?”
Sherlock's mind caught on nest. John was talking about making a nest. He pulled himself from his distressed thoughts and replayed what John had just said. Suddenly, a grin split his face, causing John to stop his rambling.
“What do you want?” he asked, already getting out of bed.
Sherlock woke with a low moan, face buried in his pillow (only, there was something that smelled absolutely divine embedded in the material his face was pressed against), hips thrusting against the mattress, seeking friction for his hard cock. He whimpered as a delicious  fluttering occured low in his loins. He had always enjoyed this part of his pre-heat. All the pleasure with none of the desperate, aching, mindless wanting.
The truth is that he does ache everywhere, of course.
Yes. Definitely. Mycroft looks back at Violet, still being enthralled by the marvels of a dead and boring winter garden. “She’d like it.” It’s clearly the truth, as much as Mycroft hates saying it. In the interest of his child, he thinks. Violet has the chance to have a grandfather, now. This should be about her.
Mycroft saw in the security footage from last night that John went out drinking again. Mycroft chose not to intervene this time, assuming it would not be helpful. But he doesn’t presume it indicates some new development until Sherlock walks into his office with a swish of coat.
John smiles a bit in return. They get out on the second floor, and Mycroft leads the way into an ornate room with a table set for two in the middle. It’s actually lunch.
The seconds tick away slowly. Sherlock’s aware that if he stops leaning on John, John will insist they go back down. So what is the harm in pretending? John probably likes it. Sherlock can feel the moist heat of his own breath against John’s suit jacket. He can feel the way John’s muscles have gone slack. This - the giving of comfort - provides meaning for John.
John smiles at him, and Mycroft can feel a tight, hot ball in his stomach. John comes closer and, with a glance, pulls him into a kiss.
John stays by the door and waits his turn. He looks around the flat, at haphazardly piled magazines and books and a collection of butterflies in a frame. There’s a human skull, sitting on a pile of encyclopaedias. There is a used condom already lying on the living room table, too. John’s number three, tonight. Or four, or five, depending on what happened earlier.
“They’re signs for a bonding ceremony, specifically between a beta male and an alpha male. It’s very rare, actually. It says, ‘bond to me,’ or ‘commit to me.’ But I suppose the modern translation would be ‘marry me?’”
Mycroft needs to swallow several times before he can answer. “Very much so.”
She tilts her head and says with studied compassion, “How are you feeling?”
But Sherlock can hear it anyway. He’s not sure whether he’d rather have heard the alternative.
“John!” She gives him a one-armed hug and says rapidly, “We watched backstage, I saw.” She shakes her head and smiles so widely, so happily. “John, you won!”
He must have seen them kiss. But Sherlock doesn’t care, he eyes Lestrade. “I was right, aerosol delivery system through the chimney. Check the other crime scene, but it should be the same.” John has the canister wrapped in his handkerchief, and he hands it over to Anderson so he can check it for fingerprints.
He can feel himself get fully hard in Sherlock’s mouth. It should be weird, but a mouth is a mouth. And what a mouth, Jesus, Sherlock sucks him like he means it, like he wants it. Sherlock rolls his tongue and breathes around his cock, John can hardly keep track of each movement, it’s just wet heat and suction.
He forwards them to Lestrade to ask for his opinion. Together they go through several drafts, until Lestrade emails, “Jesus, Sherlock, you’re going to make all of them weep again. You realise that, right?”
They all go back to the hotel.
“I don’t like not seeing lines in this sort of work,” Irene adds. “You’re lacking an outline. This is not going to age well.”
John’s cane hits the puddles while they make their way to the hotel.
Sherlock follows Mycroft into his bedroom, conscious of the weight of Violet in his arms.
John laughs and says, “Maybe she’s a bit young for dresses.”
They eat together mostly in silence, but with their knees occasionally touching.
Then he finally sits down with his full weight over John’s hips.
“How did you two get on designing yesterday?” Molly asks quickly.
As soon as he started to think about a name for his son, Mycroft realised that he already knew this child’s name. And Sherlock’s reaction had been more than touching - Mycroft does not regret his decision for a moment.
He cleans up, and goes to lie on the bed. He curls onto his side.
John sits down, takes Sherlock’s hand under the table, then leans close and asks, “Good?”
away. And John is planning to do that. That’s… Sherlock can’t look at him, for a moment.
John smiles as if he hasn’t just said that, as if it’s completely normal.
“Simple.” Sherlock eyes him. “She had the smallest back.”
It failed him. Again.
John comes home in the early morning. The door creaks as he sneaks into the bedroom.
“What?” John can barely believe it.
John was there to help, and the bonding was indeed much more intense than usual - Sherlock grabbed him in a death grip, harshly rutted against his back and held him in his shaking, sweating arms for much longer than Mycroft felt at ease with, especially considering his own body’s instant reaction.
How wrong he had been. Sherlock can see that now. He can
Sherlock had been hoping for just that, actually. But, with John’s DNA - “Fifty percent chance it’s a beta.”
Mycroft has never been there, but he knows the layout of the building, naturally. “Yes.”
Mycroft looks at Sherlock, feeling a private fondness. Hopefully this will grow to be a relationship that Violet can treasure throughout her life.
Mycroft does. He opens the champagne and pours it for all, takes a flute himself, and sits down on a chair. He tries not to mind too much that Miss Hooper is currently holding Violet entirely inexpertly, and that Violet is grabbing her hair by the fistful and attempting to stuff it into her mouth.
Yes, Mycroft can hear that. Although he cannot recall a time where his father has ever called him. He sounds old.
Sherlock wakes up early, calls in sick for John, and then puts a glass of water with a painkiller next to John on the living room floor.
Sherlock can feel his heart skip hearing that, not sure whether it’s fear or excitement. This is
, that he knew that about him.
John’s face pulls in emotion. “Yes, you’ll marry me?”
Mycroft stretches out next to him in the bed and asks, “Everything all right?” He sounds tired, but then William was up again at about two.
And John finds that he is, too.
Sherlock is achingly close still. John thought they’d get this far and then call it over with, but... Just meeting his eyes makes waves of desire roll through him.
Mycroft doesn’t reply immediately, which annoys him.
It lies between them, a thing that happened.
John makes sure he gets over halfway into the outline and colour work, then musters a smile for his client and says, “How about a break? Ten minutes?”
John starts, “So, trash polka?”
“Janine’s with John.” Ah. Raz likely believes Janine to be competition because she won the previous flash challenge, and he assumes John will slow her down.
Mycroft knows, of course. Sherlock can hear it in his tone, Mycroft
Sherlock seems puzzled. “Of course you are. You’re a romantic.”
Sherlock had forgotten in the joy of observing him.
John stares through the shop window. He is waiting for his client, as well as watching the rain fall.
Sherlock looks as if he’s about to argue, so John says, “Please?”
“You believe so.” Sherlock’s tone is even, as if he is testing him.
what Sherlock is doing. Fucking some more men. Doing some more drugs.
this.
He’ll probably kiss Mycroft goodnight in the hall.
“Raz.” Raz’s
Mycroft picked him up after his work ran late. Sherlock already put Violet to sleep, which was more of a struggle than usual. At two years old she’s not happy with
Irene adds, “It’s a gorgeous image. You really gave her that warrior woman she asked for.”
Sherlock tries to drink again, because maybe it’ll help. Just to loosen up a bit, to forget. But John doesn’t ask for anything when they come home. They lie in bed, and Sherlock takes John’s hand, tangles his fingers with John’s, and it feels perfect.
But now it was panic, in Sherlock’s eyes. Fear.
“We were thinking of doing something here for Christmas Eve.”
He’s the same as ever with Violet, but when they’re alone he doesn’t mention it once. Mrs. Hudson tuts over him even more than usual. She whispers, “You think he’s dealing well?”
He never did put a picture on his desk, of Sherlock or Violet or something like that. Actually, there’s nothing here that’s his.
“There are arms around you.”
Mike says, “All right, let’s see how everyone did.” The other two judges appear and join Mike for the critique.
Mycroft frowns.
“Well, that was
His legs are likely too thin as well. “I need your chest or back.” Sherlock amends, “Preferably back.” - Six hours of tattooing on bone will be excruciating, and men have a lower pain threshold than women.
There is a brief moment of silence. Mycroft stands up because he intends to walk John out, but John misinterprets his move forwards and leans in to kiss him. Mycroft instinctively turns his face, so John’s lips only barely brush his cheek.
John’s wish is to
John has the weekend shift, so he doesn’t see Mycroft for a couple of days. Sherlock tells him every day how he seemed, which essentially is, ‘perfectly normal and unwilling to talk about it.’
She nods. “Well, I believe that
“You will win.” Sherlock repeats it as they walk.
Sherlock never charged his phone.
Betas don’t bond. John will never be able to - it wouldn’t do a thing if he tried. It’s the only reason that he can even be in here without wanting them both. It’s always been easier, being a beta.
Sherlock’s amazing in bed. Judging by how incredible it feels when they move together, Sherlock has a lot more experience at all of this than John does. And why wouldn’t he - Sherlock’s a single gay bloke. Why wouldn’t he fuck around, right?
They talk about Violet’s hatred of peas. How she only eats carrots when they’re mashed. About how Sherlock didn’t eat anything else than applesauce for three months straight when he was two, and it had to be from a particular bowl. John even laughs as Mycroft says that, forgetting for a moment what just happened.
It is ridiculous, disastrous, and entirely wrong. It is not simply John that makes him feel this, either, it is his whole life that seems to span between some unseen pitfall and the sweet promise of more of this, this momentary happiness.
Sherlock draws John’s eyes, quickly.
It is amazing. It really is. The way he combined it all together, the artistry, plus the sheer scale of the whole thing. “You’re doing her entire back, aren’t you? Full back piece?”
Sherlock opens his eyes languidly, smiles, at first a little, and then a longer, deeper smile than John has ever seen directed at him.
He has enough money, naturally. Enough influence that he could easily scale back his work hours. Enough people working for him to deal with certain issues. Enough... everything.
And the truth is, John could deal with the bad sex, if Sherlock would just touch him. Morning kisses, and sinking into each other’s arms, sleeping tangled together, the presence of him, at least.
Mycroft puts Violet’s coat on her while Sherlock holds her. He is aware that he should leave now, and let them process this. Violet asks, “Fah?”
He has dealt with this news once already, completely out of the blue that time, so he should know what it feels like. But it’s not even remotely the same. He’s scared as fuck, yeah, but also much more prepared. And
They have done this so very often in the past that the muscle memory seems to take over. Mycroft finds himself following the steps without much conscious effort.
Mycroft is aware that for him, personally, both are true. Sherlock has been both a lifelong frustration, and his greatest - and for a long time, only - connection. Of course it will be different for Violet. The age difference will be much smaller and that is bound to change the dynamic between them into a more equal one.
They take a break for tea later, and Molly doesn’t say anything like that again. Instead, they talk about the abnormal blood results she found in a toddler, which gives Sherlock a thought, and he runs off and leaves his cup of steaming tea behind.
wave of misery. Mycroft breathes through shuddering sobs that make his stomach incision ache intolerably. He cries as quietly as he can.
John’s eager, searching mouth moves lower, and his tongue swirls around Mycroft’s balls. Mycroft breathes a ragged breath. His legs start to tremble.
Mycroft looks at the both of them in turn. John, who is looking at him with some trepidation. Sherlock, who has Violet on his lap, and while she is not fully asleep, she is dreamy enough that she is curled to Sherlock’s chest with glassy eyes. Sherlock has a hand on her back, unconsciously soothing her.
John doesn’t really have anywhere in mind, but Sherlock always seems to know something. They end up in an Iranian place eating flatbread, hummus, and eggs, and it’s weird but nicely flavoured, so John eats his fill.
John wouldn’t have blamed him.
John approves. He pulls Mycroft over him a little, then kisses him. It’s uncoordinated, and John can feel Mycroft’s knuckles brush his stomach as he fists him just a tad too loosely, but this, god, to be
Mummy would have smiled at that, but Father just agrees pleasantly, not getting it as per usual. “I’m sure of it.”
“The election results are unsatisfactory, as you might have seen.”
Mycroft closes the door behind him, and yes, it’s clear that John has heard as well. John asks, “You’re sure?”
John catches Sherlock’s eye and tilts his head, so Sherlock reluctantly slows his stride. He fully expected John’s anger over interfering with the challenge and suggesting that he required a chair. However, Sherlock had assumed that John would merely ignore him from here on out. Or, at the very least, that he would wait until they were in private before shouting at him. Sherlock is prepared for a tirade - or more likely a clipped ‘stay out of my business’ - when John sidles up to him.
at the thought that Sherlock took Violet into this mess of humanity. She is entirely too young and vulnerable for this. And more, Mycroft really did think that Sherlock had better judgement.
“You cannot use a child to connect you. It would not change anything between yourself and John.”
John knows it’s both a ‘thank you’ and a dismissive ‘leave now’ in one. “Yeah, that would be good, I think.” John glances at Sherlock. He is sweating copiously now, there are dark circles on his shirt.
Mycroft smiles, briefly. “I believe the concept is rather foreign to someone in my position.”
Sherlock tunes them out and watches his own work. Then John’s.
Once they’re in the water and Violet splashes them both, they share a look of joy, and the moment of frustration is forgotten. John loves Violet. John is here because he wants to be. And that’s all that matters.
“Molly,” Mike continues. “You won the Sak Yant tattoo flash challenge, so you can assign who tattoos which design. Let’s meet your canvasses.”
John pulls out, and Mycroft rolls onto his side, his entire body still pulsing with desire. He struggles to get the pillow from under him, and John has to help.
She asked him out. The thought was so strange to him then, that anyone would actually be interested, that John said yes out of sheer surprise. She asked again, and suddenly John was eating out every night and going to films and sitting in her bright little shop, and he thought that he might have a life, still.
“...COCK?” He wants to put his head in his hands.
, it’s, he doesn’t… He looks up at John, who catches his eye, and nods, calmly.
Mycroft did say he didn’t understand. Sherlock’s sure that those words have been only uttered by Mycroft in combination with his name. About the drugs, the heats, the pain, the loneliness, but Sherlock has always thought that Mycroft at least understood this.
“We didn’t prepare for…”
Mycroft sounds haughty as ever, but more and more often, somewhat apologetic, too. “John.”
was exemplary as well.”
John goes home.
Sherlock puts the Petri dish to the side and picks up another. “Of Mycroft?”
Violet’s still around often. But either she’s calmed down on the crying, or they’ve just learned how to deal with it, because they get to have quite a few early evenings with her perfectly content on one of their laps, or bouncing in her chair, or playing on the mat, so that’s nice.
They wander a bit out of sight, behind the building.
A slow smile settles over Sherlock’s face. It makes John feel alive, that smile. Even if it’s about bloody Afghanistan.
John makes the executive decision to only let her ride it when there are at least two adults around to watch her.
“Yeah. Someone,” John nods at Sherlock, “has been telling her murder bedtime stories, so I thought that maybe we should both re-learn the classics.”
“Do you have a case on?”
“Your vote is for... John?” Mike repeats.
It’s frustrating.
When John pulls away slightly, it’s too soon. Or too late, Sherlock isn’t certain. Sherlock’s right hand has found a home on the curve of John’s lower back and is rubbing a circle there. His left hand is at John’s neck. His fingers are splayed over the very beginning of John’s nape, tracing John’s bare skin. Meeting John’s eyes feels impossible like this, but he does so anyway.
London is shrouded in a drizzling rain and clouds for a couple of weeks, which is when they have cases on, of course. Tramping through mud in Richmond Park, a women’s body dumped there, evidence flushed away by the rain. Sherlock says it’s suicide, but only after they’ve found three suspects with motive.
Of course there would be, that’s why it makes sense!
There’s nothing he can do about that, though.
But instead, John takes the tube over to Mara’s.
Right. John needs to have an open mind here and try to get whatever Sherlock’s saying, no matter how crazy it sounds. Sherlock wants him to do this so he’ll stay, John remembers that argument. But does Sherlock want this for Mycroft as well? John remembers Mycroft bonding with him, giving him that, it seemed... Well, they’re close, aren’t they? The kids, too, it all makes sense in some oddly logical way, John does get that.
They’re still bonding. They never talk about it. Sherlock doesn’t think about it, either. He presses his lips to Mycroft’s neck, he smells him, takes him in, and they’re good again. It’s another thing that just
Then knocks, and opens the door.
Violet received a gift of her own for the wedding also. Mike and his family gave her a small red bike with training wheels. Mike said, “We didn’t know what else to get you two, but I know how quickly they grow out of these.”
Mrs. Hudson has gone downstairs because her hip is bothering her, and John sits down on the sofa in between half-empty plates and pink wrapping paper. He leans back and presses his fingers against his temples.
But the effect is rather overwhelming.
Mycroft often goes between her room, then his own where William sleeps in a cradle, and then to the kitchen for a bottle, and back to the beginning of the circle.
Mycroft meets Sherlock’s eye. Sherlock nods at John and says, “She’s wonderful.”
Mycroft starts to think about the crib, supplies, and clothes. About bottles, and how to navigate the first months.
beautiful. John is the best thing that Sherlock has ever seen.
John tries not to stare - no need to make this awkward, is there? But Sherlock has some stunning tattoo work. John has seen glimpses of the beginning of his chest piece, but to see the whole thing is impressive. It’s perfectly symmetrical, with so many thin lines and details intersecting. There are patterns running over Sherlock’s sides, connecting to the lower back. Some over his shoulders, just to the top of his shoulder blades. It’s all the same style.
The client seems happy enough with it, so John puts the stencil on, prepares his tattoo machine, and gets going.
the kettle to make a cuppa. At least his phone is there, too - John pulls it from under a used bib and a stray dummy.
. Mycroft tilts his back towards John, and John slowly, carefully slides his erection between his arse cheeks. There is a sharp pressure as John breaches him, then Mycroft can feel a wave of pleasure that has him cry out, “Oh!”
“Yeah.” John deflates. He thought so. He knew it, really. He just didn’t want to see it.
Mycroft says, seeing the hurt in Sherlock’s eyes, “I do believe that John loves you deeply.”
Irene concurs, “Great idea, and it looks perfect.”
John asks Mycroft, “You played as well?”
The party is already winding down, and wrapping paper and bags are spread over the floor. Violet has destroyed most of them, ripped up the paper and played with the bags with much more vigour than the actual toys.
Mycroft’s eyes flicker over him, probably deciding whether he’s serious. He doesn’t look as shocked as John imagined, but then Mycroft’s got a career in lying, so he’s probably managing to hide most of it.
Her hip has been bothering her a lot more, lately. Sherlock noticed a metal cane standing by her coat rack in the hall a few weeks ago, although he hasn’t seen her use it once. She’s too proud for it. This morning, it’s half-hidden behind her nicely pressed dress and jacket and a brand new hatbox in preparation for the wedding.
Sherlock says, dully, “I can’t fake it well enough.”
Sherlock doesn’t like it. “I’m not most people.”
But no. John adds, “Making you come
Mycroft looks back at the digestives with something startled in his eyes.
Once the camera operator is happy with the setup, she motions at someone else with a headset, who says, “Silence please! And... we’re rolling in three, two, one!”
“I am aware.”
Mycroft smiles, briefly. “Yes, that would be easier, wouldn’t it?”
Mycroft feels little joy so far. Nor the same terror as he did with Violet, either. It feels distant.
He turns around and leaves.
“John, I would never ask you to leave. We can retire to Sussex. I want to keep bees.” he finally burst out before leaning down to kiss John with all the pent up emotion trying to climb out of his chest. They stopped moving for a few moments as they snogged, right there on the dance floor.
“Sherlock!”
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Sherlock seemed to come back online. He took a deep breath, eyes focusing in on John’s.
Sherlock gasped as John hauled him up with an arm across his chest, his other hand coming up to tug Sherlock’s head back by his curls, not unkindly but definitely with more force than he’d used before. Sherlock’s scent gland was exposed completely, and he felt John’s tongue press against it, wet and hot.
He rolled towards John, hooking his leg over John's waist, pressing his face to John's neck. His hips began rutting his cock against John through their pajamas. Sherlock's own pajamas were wet with slick, which was seeping from his entrance.
“A heart, John?” Jim grins in a way that makes him feel a bit uneasy. “How
He collects William’s nappy bag, then follows them out to the corridor and upstairs.
“But he’s...”
Mycroft would settle for any sleep at all, around now.
John breathes out a slow breath and types, “Maybe think a bit smaller, yeah? JW” He’s not going to invite half of London to his wedding just for the hell of it. It’s for the people who know them.
Mycroft’s face pulls. So yes.
Well, if that’s all they want… John’s pretty good with pin-ups though. He doesn’t do them that often, but he knows the basics better than most people here, probably.
Mycroft has spent most of the night leaning back in a chair with a hand on his stomach, occasionally looking after Violet and attentively listening to Sherlock’s violin music, but otherwise not engaging too much. He’s had some quiet conversations with everyone present, but Sherlock can feel him counting down the hours until he can go home.
Mycroft is only briefly a part of their home, but still he finds their connection striking. Mycroft does not doubt it is, in fact, love. Even though John always denies it, Mycroft has the suspicion that for Sherlock, if he were to speak truthfully, there would not be a single moment of hesitation.
After a while, John walks to the door, careful not to make too much noise, but at the same time aware that Sherlock will know that he’s there anyway.
When Sherlock does wake up, looking soft around the edges, John finds that he’s watching him, anyway.
But John’s eyes are warm as he says, “I don’t think I’ve ever
John says, “Listen, you know who’s there? It’s your father!” He still thinks it sounds a bit awkward, really. John thinks ‘dad’ makes more sense, but hey, it’s Mycroft.
John falls back onto the sofa. Sherlock sits next to him.
John is staying in a dated Travelodge now. It’s fucking depressing, of course. Middle-aged bloke with nothing but a suitcase, booking a room for a couple of weeks. It pretty much screams ‘just left my wife’.
John guides her through the park in a slow stroll, something to kill the time and distract him.
“It was the placement!” Raz seems frustrated. “If I could have done this in any other spot, you KNOW I would have-”
John steps onto a purple hairclip with his bare foot and winces.
It’s warm enough to open a window, now that it’s late August.
Sherlock says, sounding detached, “I asked him to marry me.”
John half-expects a rude rebuttal, because yeah, what is he even doing, saying that
After midnight, it slows down. Greg gets up first, saying, “I have to work tomorrow, actually. Don’t have a family, so I volunteered.”
Sherlock finishes his lie, “...Occasional failure.”
“So we don’t need to read it from afar, do we?” Jim asks idly.
“Hm, yeah, what do you have?”
Molly nods. “I know, it’s...” She looks at Wiggins. “We know.”
Then they go by Lestrade’s to obtain the location of the victim’s death.
She doesn’t say. But she does stay in his arms, and slowly quiets down.
Mycroft’s voice softens. “If you fill out the paperwork, it should take no more than a week.”
John lowers his mouth right over the fabric of Sherlock’s trousers, and says, making sure to breathe closely to it, “Hello, good lookin’.”
Sherlock laughs, and doesn’t push him away. John enjoys the moment, and smells Sherlock’s scent there, under the washing powder and fabric of his trousers. Alpha, sharp and hot.
Sherlock unconsciously tightens his arms around Violet.
He should
John has no idea what sex with Mycroft would be like, but judging from kissing him, he’s already pretty sure he’d want to do it more than just once.
Sherlock looks away. His face is closed, and it reminds Mycroft of all the times that Sherlock did not feel good enough. All the times that he did not understand. That he cried silently in a corner because the other children wouldn’t even speak to him. Later, that look was there along with drugs.
Most of it is distraction, Mycroft realises, since here she has multiple people around her. And part of it is simply that there is more here that she is allowed to destroy. Mycroft thinks, again, about how to baby-proof more of his own house. There are simply too many precious materials and artefacts to let her anywhere near his library or dining room, but perhaps he can consider changing some things in the hall.
Sherlock immediately types out a reply of “Don’t bother. SH” Whatever it is that makes Mycroft want to come over, it’s bound to be annoying.
John turns to sit on his knees. He looks at the hand that Sherlock has on himself, and then at his face. John moves closer, leans over him, and presses a kiss to his neck. Sherlock shudders.
...and we're back! *g*
Mycroft seems to be mildly baffled as to why, but he sits down.
Sherlock eyes him and, unsure why he is even saying this, only that it feels bright on his tongue, says, “Please.”
They are the only ones still seated in the hotel restaurant.
“He tells Violet stories, about what you told him, the pirates, but all of it, growing up, stupid stuff. That you gave him a microscope, all of that.”
It’s not that far, but London traffic is busy even on a Saturday afternoon. John keeps on glancing at the clock, even though they’re well ahead of time.
“….You are attractive as well, John.” Sherlock fears it does not sound genuine enough, even though he means every word.
, not using, good, all of that. But Sherlock looks at Mycroft and reads the worry there. Sleepless nights that shouldn’t be there now he’s pregnant, the general state of him, and he knows that’s no longer true.
John looks at Sherlock lying there. His arse is shiny with lube. That should probably bother him, shouldn’t it? Sherlock’s not waiting for John, instead he’s cheerfully letting someone else -
“I don’t want anyone else but
Sherlock glances at the owl and its quick, sharp movements. There is a lot to be done with light and dark there.
John tells Violet, “It’s still dark outside. We’re not done sleeping, Violet.”
Sherlock’s hand is pulling, the tension near-impossible to bear. Almost, so close...
“That would be me.” John pushes himself up from his low chair and uses his cane to walk over to him. It’s fine. John knows what he looks like. Or what he
But now, John seems to be bursting with good cheer. He plays with Violet in a way that Sherlock has never seen him do before. He even continues to volunteer at the veteran’s centre.
Sure he does. “Sherlock.” Why else.
John gets down on his knees in front of him.
John laughs. “Father, right - I’ll remember.”
Mycroft seem doubtful. “John... I am not certain I can provide you with what you wish.” It sounds painfully honest.
“Hiya, John.” Bainbridge breaks the moment when he takes a seat next to him and asks, “How did it go?”
get to joke to make John feel better?
“Really, you should.” John nods towards Mycroft’s stomach. “Good odds, now.”
Lestrade calls next and says, sounding strangely excited, “There’s another one you might be interested in.”
- takes Sherlock’s hand. John leans in, taps his hand, and Sherlock thinks that he might kiss him… when the door opens behind them.
He can do this.
He sighs. Tries to read. Then goes right back to thinking about what to say.
Sherlock sucks in a quick breath. Yeah. John knows what that feels like. He tries to open Sherlock’s trousers. It’s a bit of clumsy fumbling, but Sherlock takes over. He opens his buttons and pulls it all down in one go. His cock is still soft, but it’s nice and pink between his pale legs. John puts a hand on Sherlock’s bare hip, then leans in to suck him.
John gets out at the Baker Street tube stop and strides up to the house, his cane thudding urgently on the pavement. Number 221b. There’s no shopfront, just a doorbell shared between “Mrs. Hudson” and “Sherlock Holmes tattoos.” John rings it.
Mycroft rolls over.
Sherlock’s playing with his latest experiment, rabbit brains. They are, for some reason, a dark green. Florescent? Is this one of Bluebell’s cousins? “So you’re doing it, then?”
Mycroft looks down at the state of his clothes as well. “Yes, I believe that we were rather rambunctious.”
to a single one of them. What is the point when he can deduce everything he needs to know?
John shakes his head. He’ll never fully get Sherlock and why he’s even into all of that, but it’s sort of adorable in a strange way. John never cared one way or another, but Sherlock threw him the best wedding he possibly could. Sherlock tries so hard to decorate for Christmas and for Violet’s birthday too, time and time again.
Sherlock would probably say what he said about Mycroft earlier. ‘It’s just hormones,’ or ‘it’s just a biological function.’
“Merry Christmas, Mycroft.”
Sherlock would know. Why does Sherlock think that he puts up with all that crap he pulls? Forgave him, after, and moved back in? Why does he do all the shopping and go on cases and watch Violet and…
John takes her out of her high chair, cleans her face, and plays with her for a bit. Sherlock can feel his heart hammering, aware that they’ll be talking about it soon. They have to. When Mycroft arrives, Sherlock dresses Violet quickly, and practically pushes her into his arms. “Yes, bye.”
And maybe…
It was mentioned several times last night, and Mycroft has to admit that it was also one of the first things that crossed his mind when he heard.
Mycroft leans back lightly, giving him permission, or unconsciously asking for it, Sherlock doesn’t know. With a suppressed groan, Sherlock bites. He can smell the sudden and sharp rise of Mycroft’s sweat, so good, and for a bright moment, this is all he possibly wants to do.
Mycroft nods back, and feels faintly touched. He had never thought that those stories would come back, or ever be mentioned between them again. That Sherlock remembers those nights, comfortable in bed together, creating worlds of magic, of laughter. Or that they would be able to recreate that for another child.
Mycroft eyes him, and John can see that he’s going to have to convince him. Mycroft’s going to say that he can’t just waltz in here and ask for sex, so John beats him to it. “I know. I know, but I can’t…” He runs a hand over his face. “Look, I can go if you want me to.”
“John, that means that you will be tattooing Sherlock.”
Mycroft seems charmed by them, more than John had hoped for. “I do not intend to, but…”
“He hasn’t asked.” Sherlock offers.
But Sherlock pulls away sharply.
WHAT? John swallows.
That’s how it should be.
In the end, he decides not to interfere. It is not his place.
“I have already chosen a first name.” Oh, names, right. John hadn’t even thought of that. “But perhaps you would like your middle name to be passed on?”
There’s very little that can be done about it.
He never thought that he would have this again.
Sherlock says in a quick monotone, “I did not enter the room. I have been here for approximately fifteen minutes and have not handed her to anyone else. Nor touched anything.”
The next day, Mycroft sends him a text that Sherlock is disinclined to read, thinking it’s about John. But when he does read it, it says, “Father wants us to visit. Violet as well. What do you want to do? M”
They all go downstairs. Mrs. Hudson has Violet playing with a battered doll in the corner of the kitchen. There is a Battenberg cake on her kitchen table, a fresh pot of tea, and a careful table setting for all of them. As they walk in, she looks up, looking almost as nervous as they were.
Mycroft looks at him. “I did wonder…”
“We’re gonna rock this!”
He is aware that all of these thoughts are simply exaggerated by his hormonal state. He is filled with bonding hormones right now and is feeling highly emotional, but that does not make it feel any less genuine.
Jesus. The corner of Mycroft’s mouth is curling up into a smile, and John can feel himself smile, too. “She can’t understand you, Sherlock.”
John nods. “Fine.” But he doesn’t look fine, there’s something - Sherlock feels a stab of panic, what is it? And then,
Sherlock takes a shivery breath.
Sherlock nuzzles John’s hairline. Then kisses him on the forehead, which makes John smile up at him.
If there ever was a public event where he needed to balance his role as Sherlock’s brother and bonded along with the one of being John’s partner and both their co-parent, this would be it.
John looks back at his work.
He doesn’t mention Father. Mycroft would never name his child after him. But it seems similarly unlikely that he would choose to name him after any of their uncles.
“Rarely, mainly the morgue.” Or Lestrade brings him pictures.
“Hm. With several mirrors and some flexibility it is possible.” Sherlock doesn’t seem to think it’s odd that he gave himself a world-class bodysuit. It’s impressive as hell.
She lets go and smiles a little, as if she thinks herself just a silly old woman. “I know it’s hardly... but I never had any children, or grandchildren, and Violet...”
Sherlock lowers his shader. He rinses the heated skin, wipes the excess ink and blood off the tattoo, and regards his work.
John’s being an idiot, then.
Sherlock will think he’s on a date, but god, let him. It’s probably better than ‘I don’t want to deal with any of this shit so I’m going out alone.’
“Yes!” She punches the air and smiles widely. “Damn right!”
It does not matter.
Or well, not this one, anyway. Sherlock... right. John looks down at his hands. His bathrobe sleeves have small holes in them. It’s the same one he wore here, in Baker Street. Five years ago.
He takes it over to Molly. When she sees it, she says, “Aw, Sherlock…” and hugs him.
She smiles widely, showing her dozen or so teeth, and then goes back to find something else.
They’re not allowed to talk to the judges outside of filming, officially. It does seem like most of them don’t. John hasn’t seen Jim around even once. Irene’s in a room on his floor somewhere, he’s seen her walk past a few times, but that’s about it.
Mycroft eyes him seriously. “...I won’t. I promise you.”
Sherlock nods.
John is already seated there.  As soon as Sherlock sits down next to him, John companionably leans over and shows him his sketches. “What do you think?”
Sherlock must have slept with dozens of men who just lube it up and go for it. Instead, John needs time to even do this. He feels exposed, prepping himself like this.
Sherlock’s eyes are flickering over his lips too.
It makes him happy.
John puts his tea down, and Violet moves in his arm. She is not sleeping, but she seems content there. John looks down at her. “So how is she doing? You getting any sleep?”
When he first considered this, he had allowed for the possibility of a second child along the line. It would have to be quite fast after the first one, if it even was possible, but he had kept it in mind. Now, he is entirely decided that one will be more than enough.
John gets a text about half an hour later. He takes his phone straight away, thinking it’s Mycroft letting him know how it went. But it’s Mara. John tries not to think about why he’s faintly disappointed. She’s been great, actually. She’s fun. Sweet.
They all burst out into laughter.
But John suddenly moves to look at him. “Can I turn around?”
When Mycroft goes by the hospital to have his blood drawn, the nurse recognises him from the last three times but does not wish him luck. Mycroft is grateful for it.
“Okay?” John’s voice is hushed.
Sarah still has splotches of colour on her bench. Bainbridge was wiping off his ink, and Janine was still shading. Soo Lin was finished, and so was Sherlock, apparently. John is curious, but he lets them clean up in peace.
John sighs. “No... No, dammit, I
Mycroft does not know why. He is prepared to give up something difficult and painful, something that would damage his reputation, anything. And more than that, Sherlock would deserve it. To be given something of not equal value, that would be impossible, but as close to it as he can.
She seems surprised. “You think so?”
But when he considers taking a step forward his mind brushes against a rough avalanche of consequences. He can’t.
Sherlock tries to sound understanding. “You can resign right now. Never go back.” A call to Mycroft and John will be let go with a nice severance package.
“Jesus, come on, that’s enough!” John pulls his fingers out, impatient now.
Full, unhurried. A soft kiss.
sorry for this. For ever wanting more, for pushing it, because after all that time he still couldn’t leave it alone. John got them into this. It would have been better if he’d never kissed Sherlock at all. Or known what Sherlock looks like naked. What Sherlock’s hands feel like on him.
Violet seems to be teetering on sleep. Sherlock looks at her. “I can take her downstairs.”
John breathes out shakily, but doesn’t respond more than that.
Then he looks back at his laptop. “Are you certain that you don’t have a preference for the type of honey that is served with the cheese course?”
The door to 55 Montague Street is open again. John takes the stairs. He opens the door to the second flat, and Sherlock’s lying face-first on the sofa, fully naked, with some bloke already giving it to him from behind.
Whatever they’re discussing, it’s probably highly important, so John waits outside. But he can see that woman right in Mycroft’s space. She’s clearly loving it, too, enjoying that smell of pregnant omega. John feels a shot of jealousy he didn’t think he could feel due to anyone besides Sherlock.
His doctor is the utmost fertility expert in the UK, naturally. Bharat Mehta, twenty years of experience. Mycroft got an appointment in a day. She knows his case well.
But the truth is that he did not know to expect the sheer misery of it.
John complains, “I’m too old for this.” His back aches. His knees, too.
, and he’s right, John needs to go for it and give this competition all he’s got.
John says, while Sherlock is picking up a book in the middle of the mess and not even making an attempt at cleaning up, “Love you.”
“Wait,
And Violet, who had been working her way up to a tantrum, looks at John and offers, “Raining!”
John never knew they were going to get pregnant in the first place, it was an accident – a rather large one on Mary’s part, but hey, he didn’t know that at the time. While this, no one told him to offer this to Mycroft.
to post it right before dinner?’
But John looks away. He shrugs.
She’s soft, her skin. Her curves. She fits in his arms.
“God, you’re gonna kill me.” John turns away, stuck between a laugh and a cry.
“Your wife is a new school artist,” Sherlock offers it cautiously.
John laughs reading it. “Say no? I never would. I’m an idiot sometimes, but not that much of one. I love the hell out of you. J”
John then adds another finger and starts thrusting them in and out roughly.
It feels like a promise between them. Mycroft sits in his office with a salad in front of him, on the phone with the impossible. The one thing, after a series of events that he thought would never happen, that has astonished him the most. John Watson. So he says, “Then we will discuss the details tonight.”
Sherlock goes to Scotland Yard several times to give the statement, to explain the procedure and tests that proved it, and then because they have another couple of cases they want him to take a look at. Lestrade’s chuffed because they told him he did an admirable job. It’s all over the papers, too. He’s happy enough that Sherlock gets away with taking a pile of redacted police reports home for later.
Except... Well.
Sherlock goes back to his laptop, typing a bit too fast and defensively for John to think that he isn’t feeling a bit less than composed, too. In fact... John gets up, not bothering to disguise the fact that yes, he’s still half-hard, puts his book away, folds the newspaper, and walks away. “Might as well.”
And John tries to suppress a sense of relief, because okay - that’s a lot worse than his own little moment of looking at Mycroft and genuinely considering shagging him. Sherlock is Mycroft’s brother and even
The morning passes quickly.
So he says, quietly, “No.” Already knowing that John will be hurt. That he is taking something away from him. That John will want it.
Sherlock drinks with John, because it’s obvious that John wants him to.
Mostly because he can’t stop thinking it.
John is drawn into a conversation about military swearing with Bainbridge when Janine asks, “What’s the worst you’ve heard in the army, then?”
…And so is Sherlock. Mycroft sighs, and considers Sherlock’s words.
“Oh, I know.” John says it with glittering eyes. “I can smell it. God, it’s…” He waves his hand. Then adds, “There’s a reason why I’m not standing up here.”
John is out in the park with Violet. It’s raining, and Violet is enjoying herself by jumping into puddles on the muddy path. He knows they’ll both end up soaked, but John both doesn’t want to deal with the predictable tantrum if he pulls her away now, as well as doesn’t see the point. She’ll be wet and dirty either way - better to let her have fun.
He is not allowed to eat or drink, so he avoids the kitchen.
He is aware that it does not make any sense. They will do this once a year around Christmas, Mycroft thinks. They will visit Father so Violet has a vague idea of who her grandfather is as she grows up. Surely they can do that. There is nothing left to prevent this.
Thinking of what Sherlock said, Mycroft holds William’s small, warm body close, and tells him, “I care for you.” Mycroft can feel a press in his throat as he speaks. “Please know that you are loved, and you…” Mycroft swallows. “You frightened me. I do not wish to lose you.”
He has done this before. Improvised Art Nouveau linework.
Molly tells him, “I love how that came out, John.”
Mycroft stands, too, stuck between being annoyed that they can’t leave yet - it really does make sense to hurry back now - and looking at John and the way he seems to connect so naturally to Violet. John is right, of course, they are going to get rained on anyway.
“What, romance?” John might agree with him there.
There is fear in showing who he is, but there also seems to be a reward in doing so.
He gets out right before they close the park, and then stands by the gate, looking around. London is huge. There’s really no way to know where Sherlock could have gone hours ago, or where he is now.
She tilts her head and asks, cleverly, “And Doctor Watson?”
John says, “Look, I don’t want to push, but…”
Terrifying.
John pays, walks into Baker Street, and it’s not some gigantic relief be back. Nor some sense of it all being over, now. There’s unease here, too.
John’s head falls back into the pillow. Christ. He feels wave after wave of pleasure as Sherlock breaches him. Sherlock touches his cock and starts pulling him off in time with his thrusts, and it’s so good, so right, John can barely hold on and feel it all. He looks up and meets Sherlock’s eyes, razor-sharp even like this, all of his attention on him.
“No.” Mycroft feels very little desire to spend the night in Baker Street, especially if he is going to be sick again. “I understand your worry, but I believe it to be the flu, nothing more.”
Irene adds, “A nice piece, John.”
“Our mother died.”
It’s early morning, and light is filtering through the curtains in a mocking comment on how he didn’t sleep at all. His eyes burn, but he can’t close them.
, yes.”
Sherlock opens his own trousers. He bares his underwear for John and lets John see his unaroused state. Sherlock looks away.
Mycroft decides to take it a step further for the third attempt.
At five months pregnant, Mycroft feels quite well.
Sherlock glances at William - he’s lying on Violet’s old playmat on the floor. He’s not rolling over yet, but he likes to lie there and bat at the toys above him. “He cried for approximately forty minutes after his morning bottle. Cramps again, I believe. John rubbed his stomach.”
Mycroft raises an eyebrow. “I believe I should be the one asking you.”
John is the one who gets close to the animals, touches their flanks and asks questions about their history, while Sherlock trails behind and doesn’t give away that he already knows the motive. It’s a fairly simple case of competitive breeders, but John seems to enjoy it.
Sherlock, in particular, has always been deeply fond of Christmas. Mycroft knows that it is because he tried to make it special for Sherlock, and so he should - of course - do the same for Violet. He should never let his own dislike of the holiday overshadow her experience of it.
Sherlock always just introduces him as ‘Doctor John Watson’ and leaves it at that, but maybe... Well, it did feel good. John says, “You can do that, too. Say it. If you want to.”
It doesn’t help much that Sherlock is focused on nothing other than William, either. It’s all he talks about. Feeding schedules, how much weight he’s gained, and the results of the latest blood work. If Sherlock does anything else at all in a day, it’s spend time with Violet, or going over to Mycroft’s to bond. And John knows that being jealous of any of that would make him a proper arse right now - Sherlock’s doing his absolute best for all of them and John can’t fault him for that. It’s just…
But Sherlock still recalls moments between them in absurd detail. He continually produces sketches of John’s hands. John’s smile. John’s eyes. And in lonelier moments still - John’s body.
“You didn’t think we should bond.”
John is managing.
John is different, in a way. John has always been different, but Sherlock has settled into the wild waves of emotion he feels around John. John’s scent lingers in their bed. John’s presence is a constant, and John’s laughter rings through 221b daily. Sherlock would promise John everything possible in the entire world. He would live and die for him, and he has done so for years already. But he is allowed to, now.
Afterwards, Sherlock does not meet his eye. For rather obvious reasons, Mycroft can smell Sherlock’s arousal even more so than his own, but he does not blame him for a second. And he truly hopes that Sherlock does not blame him for it, either.
Sherlock nods at him, clearly. Then he walks off.
And John feels something warm in his chest, seeing Sherlock like this, across from him. Planning for a kid that doesn’t even exist yet. John raises his glass, feeling a bit indulgent, and says, “Bring on the sleepless nights, then.”
Sherlock goes to the kitchen, and washes his hands. Dries them. He feels a rush of tactile information now, detail and scent and touch, he can still feel John’s skin under his fingertips, still remembers the brush of John’s hair, and licking the edge of his jaw.
None of them seem perturbed by his silence as Molly regales them all with the story of how her pet snake was lost in her tattoo shop and then found again coiled under her autoclave – entirely predictable.
He holds her.
A mumble goes through the group. John just nods. They tend to be more neo traditional than old school actually, but he has done a fair few.
“Yes.” Mycroft smiles. “That was rather the point of today, was it not?” But he seems to understand some of the intensity of it, because he turns so he is in front of Sherlock, shielding him from the arriving guests and making it clear that they should not come over yet.
“Don’t.”
Mike announces, “You have six hours to tattoo a pin-up. Three, two, one… tattoo!”
He does not like to look at John, after this. Instead, he pushes his body up out of the bed, and goes to wash away the slickness between his thighs.
Hah! So maybe he was right and there really is a picture of him somewhere, saying ‘very important, don’t shoot.’ John likes the idea.
John sits up straighter and rubs his hands over his face. Time to focus.
He seems disturbed.
“Hm,” John breathes into his ear. Mycroft’s so responsive now that he’s close to giving birth. John licks his finger and rubs a small circle around Mycroft’s nipple with it while Mycroft breathes, then runs his nail over it, which earns him a shiver.
John nods, awkwardly.
Sherlock blinks.
Sherlock wants to bond with him, pull John close and make his scent go over him, claim him, profess his love and admiration and surprise at the sheer magnificence of his person sitting here. John. Only Sherlock doesn’t know for sure how to do that. How to make it what John wants. So he hesitates.
John does not seem to feel any of the same hesitation. He steps closer to Mycroft and puts a hand to the side of his stomach, uninvited. Mycroft does not fully mind it, although he wonders at himself for allowing John to touch him so freely.
Mycroft is searching for words, Sherlock can tell. Turning them around in his mind, trying to be
It was always ruined by reality afterwards, and the fact that it might have been the last time. Sherlock knew that he needed to treasure every moment John still wanted to spend with him.
He is right. This is the first time Mycroft has felt John’s full weight, and the pressure of John’s body is quite pleasurable. He would rather just like to open his legs and… Mycroft pulls John’s head down to his and kisses him.
Xavier enters, and in his wake, John.
Something has shifted.
He didn’t care much.
There is a pocket watch right underneath John’s scarring, as if the two are tied together. Blood, whole streams of it tattooed coiled around John’s shoulder. Sherlock imagines John’s dreams to be like this - mutedly colourful and profoundly menacing at once.
Mycroft nods.
Molly and Soo Lin both seem happy with the critique. They should be, too. It is a great piece of work.
But John grins mischievously, taking years off his face, and then disappears between Mycroft’s legs. Mycroft cannot see him over the curve of his stomach, but he can feel John all the more for it. He discerns the trace of John’s lips, a rush of his breath, and the wet heat of John’s mouth as he takes him between his lips.
So no, it makes perfect sense to take a step back from the emotion in this. To simply see it as a process that will work, or will not, with no involvement from himself other than providing the necessary hormones.
Sherlock had not even thought about that, but he files it away as solved. Good.
He should feel like shit. He did
Sherlock was right then; it is a tattoo challenge today. Good. As fun as all the team stuff has been, colouring in cars and welding statues and spraying graffiti on walls isn’t exactly John’s forte, either.
John loves this.
John’s fingers are itching to touch Sherlock, his mouth waters at the thought of sucking him, of tasting him, but…
“William fell asleep?” Sherlock sounds amused, mainly.
connection?”
Mycroft gets a text back that reads, “Oh dear god I am never drinking again. Ever. Again. JW” and Mycroft smiles.
Mycroft eyes him, but he doesn’t reply.
“It’s a Crucian carp,” Sherlock says, managing to sound faintly offended by the fact that John called it a fish.
John looks up at him almost wearily.
It’s hard to imagine how Mycroft, with his constant need to control everything, even dealt with it once. It’s appalling how much of it is up to
Sherlock turns away.
And now, when Mycroft sees Violet’s reaction in the group, he is aware that this, too, is an advantage. Violet is familiar with the idea of dancing, she knows it as well as others around her and is twice as enthusiastic. Enough so that the leader of the group showers her with praise.
Sherlock wants to keep John here forever. On the edge of this, because John looks at him as if he trusts him, now. As if he thinks that this will go well. And Sherlock already knows that it won’t, because he won’t be enough. He can fake it, and maybe he can learn enough to make it last for a while, but it won’t work.
“No, no it’s not. I regretted marrying her the second I did it. I knew it when I looked at you. That night? I
John wisely doesn’t reply.
“She could have a brother or sister.” Sherlock sounds almost naive, suggesting that.
Sherlock eyes it, the wooden thing keeping him from John, keeping his body from tackling John, pushing John down and… “No.” It sounds aggressive, he knows. Hard.
They took a case already, and Sherlock has a bunch more in his inbox. Most are too easy, but John’s pleased to have them anyway. He doesn’t have to worry about his leave anymore, so they can just pick one when Mrs. Hudson wants to babysit.
John follows. He gets in the other side and says, hesitantly, “I thought something happened.”
It was easier on YouTube.
When Mycroft wasn’t here, it was like existing around two people rather than interacting with them. Sherlock always felt too large to live in this space. Too angry, too much.
John walks back into the studio and scans the room.
Sherlock solemnly shakes the hand of his girl. Janine comments on her client’s face tattoos with an interested smile, and John walks up to his client and shakes his hand as well. “Hiya.”
Around six AM John goes out and gets more tea. It doesn’t taste like much, but it’s hot.
“The birth of a child is considered good luck in all cultures, John.” Sherlock says it with such a look of mischievousness that John can feel it down to his toes. He averts his eyes, but Sherlock must have seen something of his reaction, because he walks closer, enough to bump his arm as they stride, and it’s comforting. It’s electric. It’s all John wants.
much, but apparently to Sherlock, having official parental rights is important. It’s another thing that John doesn’t fully get.
Did Sherlock take him to dinner, because he’s already apologising in advance? For the missed cases, the poop explosions, and milk all over his shirt? The crying, and whining, and all of it - just in case it does happen?
any candy cane. It was some sort of novelty candy cane
Sherlock had blinked a few times, then stood awkwardly and looked down at John, who was still smiling. John hadn’t said anything else, had merely watched, seeming to expect Sherlock to say something. Sherlock didn’t have any experience with these kinds of situations (and his brain was still mostly off-line), and so had merely nodded and walked down the hall to the bathroom. His already lethargic limbs had grown heavier under the warm spray of the shower, and when he had emerged into his room, he had sat on the edge of the bed, intending to rest a moment before dressing and returning to the front room. Instead he’d found himself waking up (alone) in bed this morning.
The errant thought flitted through his mind, but he quickly dismissed it. Not possible. His suppressants were military grade. He never missed a dose. Besides, bloating had never been one of his pre-heat symptoms.
“Jooohhnnn!”
Finally Sherlock's sobs quieted, and he lifted his head, scrubbing at his eyes with the heels of his palms. He tried to pull away, but John wouldn't let go. After a moment, he settled against John's chest again, still avoiding eye contact.
“Mmm...it has been hours. But I can smell you; I'd say another half an hour before we have another go round. Was planning to feed you up a bit first.”
Sherlock's voice was quiet, sleepy.
Sherlock stiffened even further. “Clearly whoever it was intended to leave me unable to think, a slave to my body’s needs for several days. The most obvious reason is because they wish to commit a crime that they don’t want me to catch wind of and solve.”
Sherlock’s head spun with possibilities. Or maybe he was lightheaded from the blood rushing south. Either way, it took him a moment to reply while John nibbled and sucked on his neck.
“You want to have sex again? With me?” Sherlock interrupted.
They had been having sex for thirteen days now. Usually in Sherlock’s bed, though occasionally they didn’t make it there, and once, John had joined him in the shower and given him a spectacular blow job. But, John always went back to his own room for the night. They didn’t hold hands in public, or cuddle on the couch or otherwise share touches outside of sex. As far as Sherlock could tell, they were what was commonly referred to as “friends with benefits”. Which was fantastic. It was more than Sherlock had ever dreamed of having with John.
John stood and turned Sherlock around, lifting his legs to wrap around John's waist. John lined them up and thrust home, pressing Sherlock against the shower wall. He established a quick pace, arms sliding under Sherlock's legs to gain better leverage.
John watched as his daughter was laid across Sherlock’s chest. He held their son, who had come first. One of each. He grinned. They hadn’t wanted to know the sex of their babies, choosing instead to be surprised. The gender neutral nursery and baby items waiting back at 221B were going to be perfect for their babies.
“You are ready. Front or back?”
And then John dragged Sherlock so his arse was nearly hanging off the table and pushed his legs up to his chest. Sherlock was pressed against the table, arse exposed to be used as John saw fit. John changed the angle of his thrusts and increased the pace. He was no longer pressing against Sherlock’s prostate, but was reaching deep. Sherlock could hear the slap of flesh as John’s balls met his arse. John wasn’t nearly as quiet in here-no one could hear them and Molly had left early for the day.
“I love you, too.”
Sherlock rallied. Hiding in his room would accomplish nothing. He needed to know where they stood, and the only way to accomplish that was to face John.  He wrapped his sheet around himself and strode out of his room.
Sherlock frowned. On the one hand, he really didn’t want to put any pressure on his poor nipples. On the other, John was a doctor, who no doubt knew how to deal with all sorts of bodily malfunctions. He nodded.
John thrust up hard with every pause. The motion sent the pleasure in Sherlock's body spiking and the words sent him over the edge. His cock twitched and spilled in John's hand, and his back arched, seating John fully inside if him. John thrust a few more times even as Sherlock collapsed against his chest, and then his knot locked him in place as he too spilled.
“Of course sex with you would be like nothing I’ve ever experienced before.” Sherlock stiffened in his lap, but John just continued. “I was right. It was absolutely fucking brilliant.”
“John. Oh, John.” Sherlock’s voice was a low moan. John glanced up and saw he was moving across the room towards John’s chair, on his hands and knees, practically prowling like a hunter stalking prey.
John met and held his accusing glare with his own hard stare. “I'd do it again, in a heartbeat. Someone wants to hurt you. I will do anything. Anything. To keep you safe.”
“Good.”
His mind still reeled at the events of the night before. He and John had entered a sexual relationship last night. More specifically, he had performed fellatio on John while John sat in his chair; then John had pulled Sherlock into his lap, opened his shirt and his flies and stroked him to completion while muttering things like gorgeous and sexy and that’s it love…Sherlock felt a hot blush steal over his body as he replayed the scene in his mind, recalling the warmth of John’s breath against his shoulder and neck, the heat of his hand against his cock, the intense focus on his face as he’d watched Sherlock climax…
“I’m hungry.”
“Then why haven’t you left?”
Sherlock pulled back from John’s neck so fast his head thunked against the door. He hadn’t ever contemplated penetrative sex in this position. But now-.
Sherlock wailed in pleasure as John drove deep and hard. His hands rose to the wall behind him as his back arched. He could only hold himself in place as John quickened his pace, driving them both hard and fast to the edge.
“Twins.”
) Alpha, that perhaps
John growled in satisfaction at Sherlock's obvious pleasure. Once he had paid tribute to each nipple, he moved down Sherlock's body again, his own hips grinding his rock hard erection against the bed as he neared the source of the delicious smell emanating from the Omega.
“Good. After this dance, I’m going to take you home and we can show each other just how much we love one another, yeah?”
When John was satisfied with his work, he sat back, eyes glintung as he watched Sherlock writhing over him. His hands rested on Sherlock's hips, thumbs stroking lazily as he watched Sherlock's hips roll and chest heave. Soon Sherlock was panting and sweaty, thighs trembling.
They locked gazes, smiling like saps at one another. Then Sherlock's face fell.
Suddenly, the noise in the room increased, as the two men approached climax. The younger man was practically wailing, and the suspect had placed his hand over the other man’s mouth to muffle his cries. The sounds of the desk creaking beneath the two men, the suspects grunts, the muffled exclamations from the man being fucked-all picked up pace and filled John’s ears until suddenly the suspect groaned and the man beneath him gave a muffled shout.
His transport was out of control. No matter how much he told himself not to eat, to ignore the plates of toast John set before him in the mornings, or the cartons of takeout he brought home for dinner; no matter how he reminded himself that eating slowed him down and was clearly having an adverse affect on his transport, something inside him had refused to listen. Some little part of him (he refused to acknowledge that it might be the Omega inside of him) had basked in the fact that
“John?”
“Do you really not know how much it turns me on to see you gravid with my child? I spend my days in a constant state of semi-arousal. If I didn’t wank in the shower every night, I’d be poking you in the back all night with the proof of just how much I want you. But I know how tired you are, love, how sore you are every day. I don’t expect you to see to my needs. It's my job to see to yours,” John stated calmly, placing his hand gently on Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock still hovered in the doorway, still fidgeting nervously. John turned to him with a smile, beckoning him closer.
John swore and pulled back as far as Sherlock's grasping arms and legs would allow. He had just enough room to maneuver the elastic waistband of his sleep trousers down, his heavy Alpha cock springing loose to jut out between them.
Sherlock shivered and tilted his head.
John frowned as he took in the set of Sherlock's shoulders, the way his arms crossed his chest, the downward tilt of his chin.
After what felt like an eternity of bliss, John came back to his senses, just in time to feel himself release another flood of semen into his Omega.
Being unable to find a button-down shirt that would close across his chest was clearly an indication that he was losing the battle with his transport. Looking in the mirror, he raised a hand to his ribs, noting the flesh that had filled in the gaps between them, the softness that had settled around his lower stomach...the weight he’d first noticed in just his hips, thighs and buttocks seemed to be settling elsewhere.
Sherlock gasped.
“You are doing so good, sweetheart. You are perfect.”
“Sherlock, are you feeling all right?”
Sherlock watched as John sat up, running a hand through his hair. His sleepy eyes were circled with dark rings, testament to the long night spent dozing uncomfortably at Sherlock’s bedside.
Sherlock tilted his head back and moaned as he seated himself on John's cock. John's hands on his hips guided him forward and back, eliciting another moan as he caught on to the motion. Soon he was rocking back and forth, hands braced on John's chest as his hips rolled. John reached up with both hands to play with his nipples, rolling and tweaking them gently. Sherlock loved the way his inner muscles clamped around John's cock as he rolled his hips, pleasure building in slow inexorable waves.
“Christ. You’re going to kill me. Give me a few hours, and I’ll hold you to that.” John tilted his head back to grin up at Sherlock. “Meanwhile, you need a shower and I need off this floor, or I won’t be up for much more than lying there letting you have your filthy way with me.”
Between bouts of sex, John had cleaned him up, fed him, even given him a massage at one point (of course, that had ended in a rather lazy round of sex with John spooned behind him and Sherlock's leg thrown over John's). And now-
John looks around. “Maybe a bin…”
“Yes.” Mycroft can feel another spark of
Neither does John, Sherlock notes.
He should feel ashamed, really, running over here. Mycroft will be able to hold that over him, that he needed it that much. He’ll be cruel about it. It gives him power, it… Sherlock thinks of what Mycroft actually looks like. Maybe he will barely care.
Mycroft remembers sitting here for the very first time, feeling so distant. The moment of careful elation when he decided to have a child, and then later, a second.
But they are not laughing right now.
Mycroft nods, awkwardly still holding a squirming Violet half-changed, and says, evenly, “I do hope so.”
He does.
It’s not enough.
Sherlock doesn’t look at him as John tangles their fingers, but he holds on just as much. There’s still a faint blush on his cheeks, John can tell.
They start walking back among the stream of other families hurrying home. But Violet does not want to sit in her stroller, nor be carried. She isn’t done and refuses to be hurried. Fat drops of rain start breaking the surface of the lake, and Mycroft is considering just scooping her up and forcing her to come along, annoyed with her dawdling, when John says, “Oh, we’re going to get so wet!”
John gives him a look laced with pride and relief. John is glad for him, Sherlock realises, but mainly thankful for both of them. The feeling is mutual.
Mycroft nods. “I will go collect her. Did she leave anything here?”
. That’s how they do it. Catch the fucking bastards.
Sherlock found the course online, and, remembering Violet’s love of the small pool, thought that it would be better than the petting zoo.
Mycroft finds that he would not have wanted to miss this for anything.
Molly nods, and John watches her go deftly corner Sherlock, talk to him, and then give him a brief hug that makes him look wide-eyed and startled.
“All right.” John follows as Sherlock walks upstairs quickly. The steps disappear under his feet in years of muscle memory. Being small here, playing. Gangly teenage moments, stomping off. The rare returns as an adult, careful and silent.
“Turn around,” Sherlock orders.
Sherlock watches the both of them, and wishes so intently that they were
John sighs. He’s been an idiot for kissing him. Like Mycroft said, it’s too much of a risk. It is, John gets that. For the baby, for Violet. They can’t mess this up by doing that.
Sherlock quickly scans the email and the payment offered. “It is when it is a prize-winning horse.”
“Oh, yes, for years now. He’s a good man, Sherlock.” Mike looks at him. “He’ll never say it, but he is.”
Sherlock gets stopped by the local baker. “Oh, you’re her alpha boy, aren’t you?”
He’s definitely into it. John can’t see Mycroft’s cock over Mycroft’s belly or even reach it like this, but he’s willing to bet it’s red and hard, maybe even leaking already.
“Because this is partially your decision. M”
When Sherlock walks in, Mycroft’s phone is on his desk, and there is a chair standing ready. John texted him he was coming, then.
He could get him off like this, John thinks. Slowly, carefully, with nothing but strokes in the fading afternoon light. He could make this happen. But no, this might be the one chance he gets to suck him. John teases Sherlock’s cock with one last pull, then shifts away from him.
It’s still dark outside, but there’s a change in light. A lone bird calling.
He’s on his fourth pint in an hour, two glasses of whisky thrown in. He’s planning to get nicely smashed. The pub has filled up with the after-work crowd. Rowdy city boys by the bar. A group of women having shots in too-short skirts. John raises his glass to one of them, he doesn’t even care which one, and she laughs, but then turns her back on him.
John occasionally still thinks about Sherlock asking to marry him, so long ago now. John never got why he’d want to, Sherlock, of all people. Why he’d care, why he’d even ask, but John thinks he’s starting to get it now. Sherlock got it wrong, it’s not John who’s the romantic. Oh, no. It’s Sherlock.
It reminds John again that Sherlock
He checks the website - it’s right there on top of the page, posted twenty-two minutes ago. “55/6 Montague Street. Come around. Anyone. One condition: don’t speak. S.H.”
“Should go back. Focus on that pin-up.” John doesn’t go yet. Despite himself, he waits for Sherlock to make the counter offer.
John tells Sherlock, “I’ll text you in a bit, okay?” and then ends the call and orders him, “Go sit down. I’ll bring him.”
“Oh, yes.” Mycroft smiles, and his whole face changes with the memory. “I believe I might have had something to do with that - I tried to play Santa until he was six and he built a trap for me.”
Which is an absolutely idiotic thing to say.
John’s not far behind. He lets go and fucks him as hard as he can, sweating, gasping, until his whole body clenches and he comes with a long shudder.
Bright colour and broad brushstrokes, it is emotion turned into paint. Van Gogh’s work holds a delirious edge that lives in all of them.
Sherlock asks, “What are you doing?” He still sounds as if he is smiling. He’s drunk, too, probably, and happy, and full, and it’s been such a great Christmas Eve.
He had to remind himself that overindulging in alcohol is both legal and socially accepted to a certain extent, and that John has done nothing wrong. That it is a common coping mechanism. And, with some guilt, that he is partly to blame for putting John in a state where he felt that he needed that sort of escape.
“Mmm...anything in particular setting those hormones off?”
Sherlock could only swallow.
“Dance with me?”
John growled and dove in to press a hard kiss on Sherlock’s lips, thoughts of breakfast vanishing as his cock hardened at the naughty words whispered so daringly at him.
“We’re not done yet, sweetheart. I love making you feel good, but you don’t get to come just yet.”
“Yeah, oh.”
The suspect, a CFO Sherlock was certain was involved in an embezzlement scheme that had led to the disappearance of a young intern, was followed into the room by a much younger man that John thought looked familiar but couldn’t quite place. He’d had no time to work out how he knew the younger man before the two men had begun kissing passionately and tearing open each other’s clothes. He’d averted his eyes, but the wet sounds of mouths on flesh, the breathy sighs and groans from both men, were much harder to ignore. He’d thought he was doing a good job of tuning them out, when the younger man had started crying out.
John pressed Sherlock's cheeks apart with his hands and pressed his face closer, mouth opening wider as his tongue thrust deep. He wriggled it inside Sherlock, who whimpered and arched his back, pressing back in a demand for more.
John groaned again. Sherlock felt it vibrate through John’s chest against Sherlock's back. He could feel the heat of John pressed against him, warm and solid. John’s cock was pressed against his arse cheeks, hot and hard. Sherlock felt it twitch and leak as he swirled his tongue around John’s fingers and hummed.
“Not quite the happy announcement I was expecting.” Mycroft's voice somehow managed to convey both annoyance and an expectation of explanation.
John had relaxed almost entirely by the time they left the house party, and if the cab ride home was quieter than usual, he chalked it up to the lateness of the hour. It would appear Sherlock was going to pretend he hadn’t caught John getting a hard on next to him while listening to two men fucking in the next room. Which was, well, it was probably for the best, all things considered. John knew that sex wasn’t Sherlock’s area, and he really didn’t need the other man dwelling on what turned John on (otherwise, he might realize
Sherlock rolled his head back, glaring at John.
Sherlock stared. His eyes refused to believe what his hands and body were already telling him. His trousers would not button. This was the second pair he had attempted to pull on this morning, assuming his cleaner had somehow managed to shrink the first pair. He frowned. While the first suit had just been returned from the cleaner, the second had been chosen as it wasn’t part of that batch and he hadn’t wanted to deal with trying on every suit that came back to see which had been shrunk and which hadn’t. Which meant, that,  somehow, in the space of approximately thirty-six hours, presuming no one was attempting to play a ridiculous prank on him, he had clearly gained enough weight to prevent him from closing that last inch and pressing the button home.
Sherlock buried his face in his arms as John buried his face in Sherlock's arse. John's tongue flickered against his hole, dipping in teasing thrusts into the loosened opening. All too soon John pulled back, his playful licks becoming playful nips to Sherlock’s arse cheeks before he spread them.
“Sherlock?”
As their lips slid softly together, John’s hands busied themselves with Sherlock's pajamas (which he hadn’t changed out of that day). He dragged the waist out and down, carefully freeing Sherlock's throbbing erection. Sherlock hissed as the air of the room caressed his skin, much cooler than his heated flesh. John sat back on his heels, eyeing Sherlock’s nearly purple cock.
“Bees?”
“Morning.” John greeted as he entered the kitchen.
“I am afraid apologies must be made. I didn’t foresee the potential consequence of my recent actions.”
John kept his grip light at first, just slow drags that slid his foreskin up into a pout before dragging it back down to reveal the plump, pink head of his cock. Soon, Sherlock was fully hard and arching into John’s touch, hot breath panting against John’s neck. John firmed up his grip and began sliding faster, adding a pass of his palm across the head on every few passes.
Even as he felt a smile spread across his face, doubt crept in. Had they really entered a sexual relationship? Or had it been a one off? Would John act like nothing had happened? Or would he give an apologetic “that was nice, but don’t count on it happening again” speech? Or worse, did he regret that it had happened? Would he apologize, tell Sherlock that he hadn’t meant to do that, that he would be moving out now since Sherlock had ruined everything?
Sherlock glared, refusing to be easily won over.
“I've already made a nest.”
John swallowed past the painful feelings that caught in his throat-bitter jealousy, eye watering loss, throat tightening rejection-and focused on replying without giving any of his actual thoughts away. It wouldn't do for Sherlock to realize what John had dared to hope, how much it hurt despite how many times over the last months he'd told himself Sherlock was not for him. Somehow, believing Sherlock was not for anyone had made it easier. Now, though...he sighed and let his shoulders slump a moment before breathing deeply and typing out a reply.
John stands up. Oh god. “You’re sure? You’re... pregnant?”
And then John did that.
Now that John’s home again in the evenings, Sherlock can feel himself looking at him, unsure of what to say. Unsure whether John is bored, and he should get them a case. Whether John’s horny, and he should try for that. What it is, exactly, that he can do for John. To help him find someone new, or to keep him home. To give into the inevitable, or to make him never think of someone else again.
“Yeah. Well remembered.”
But then, when Sherlock thinks further on that, it dissolves.
So Sherlock does better.
When he’s done eating, Sherlock gets up, and John follows him out.
“A couple more months.” John checks the girl’s reflexes, then hands her back over. “She’s very responsive, is she sleeping through the night yet?”
, the closest thing. To having one, for me.” A family.
And then when it was over, when he could see Sherlock resurface, whole again, Mycroft felt nothing but gratitude for the fact that he could do this, be here for Sherlock.
Sherlock comes over. John turns to him, and Sherlock fits his hand around his hip, presses the cool tip of his nose to John’s neck and then sort of breathes there. John lets him. He takes Sherlock’s hand and holds it around his waist.
John is home, and he looks up as Mycroft walks in and smiles, slowly and somewhat uncertain. Mycroft is unsure what his own expression tells John, but he nods. “Good evening.” And John’s smile changes to something easier.
Just one more, and then he’ll tell Sherlock he’s sorry, but that he needed a night off. One more, and he’ll deal with the fact that he royally messed up with Mycroft. One more, and he can deal with work. One more, and he’ll forget about it all, sleep it off, and move on.
“Sherlock was quite fond of pirates.”
Right.
When he puts the violin down, it feels as if he’s been playing for a long time.
John would rather stay here, really. But they don’t have a case on. Violet will be here in the afternoon, but besides that… John eyes Sherlock. Chances are he doesn’t move from the sofa all day. So yeah, why not? “Sounds great, I’ll be there by six. John”
John laughs. “For a couple of days, Sherlock.” John shares a look with him. “Not exactly a major sacrifice.”
She doesn’t sound too upset, so John tries. “Don’t have to, but I want to.”
“Sure, yeah.”
She was the one who called Sherlock when Mycroft was in the hospital, John remembers that. So whatever cold act she’s putting on now, she does know exactly who he is.
They sew him up, clean him off, and wheel him to his room. And then a nurse puts her in his arms, and Mycroft can actually look at her. His child.
“I promised you my presence, always.” And it hurt so much. “But today, I am promising you all the rest of me as well. My body, my mind, everything I have to give in this world is yours.” It is. It has always been John’s.
When a case does come around, it’s not an old case at all, but a new one John spotted in the newspaper. Family dogs are getting kidnapped in one of the fancier parts of London. Sherlock would have taken the case anyway, but it helps that John’s already smiling just telling him about it. That John asks, “All right, I know it’s not murder or anything, but we could, yeah? I’ve got some leave saved up.”
John asks him, “Where is this going, then?” He might need to scale his design down, depending on the location.
There should be something final about it - Mummy being gone. But it doesn’t feel like that. Instead it feels too close, still. Too near, now.
Mycroft mentally runs through every possibility, every detail that might go wrong.
He knows what he wants to sketch, and how. He wants it to look like an old illustration, like something you’d find in a text book. John thinks Sherlock would appreciate that style.
Half a sketch later, a production assistant brings them lunch. John’s about to say that Sherlock better eat something before he gets tattooed himself, but he doesn’t need to - Sherlock assembles a tray for the both of them and brings it over.
“You think so?” John feels pretty much dead on his feet. His back aches, his feet throb, and he smells - John thinks he does, anyway - like booze and food and sweat. John lets himself fall down onto the bed next to Sherlock.
“Yeah.” It figures. John should be glad he’s still here, really. Working with Sherlock Holmes, too. John glances at him – he never would have thought he’d get to do this.
“I wanted to.” It seems to be the right thing to say, because John’s eyes soften. Sherlock goes on, “I wanted to touch you.”
The monk eyes them with a placid smile and says in heavily accented English, “’Sak’ is tap or tattoo. And ‘yant’ is yantra, so...” His smile turns larger. “Sak Yant tattoo!”
The baby breaks the moment by crying faintly, and Sherlock touches him to soothe him.
Sherlock nods, and John lowers his hand and presses between Sherlock’s buttocks once more. Sherlock’s skin feels overly sensitised there, and the first touch of John’s fingertips to his anus makes him twitch. Sherlock sucks in a breath and wills himself to relax.
“He says we could buy
“Too bad.” Jim winks. “I love me a good goat.”
Mycroft’s face pulls, and his superficial enquiry is replaced by a look of deep discomfort. “I apologise.”
Not often.
John’s thinking about giving his notice at work.
His eye falls on the old-school tattoo machines that are tattooed onto Mike’s hands, along with his children’s birth dates. John tattooed them himself, years ago.
Sherlock waits a moment, and John appears. Violet passes him by, crawls onto the sofa, and tells Sherlock, “I did a wee-wee! On the big toilet!”
Everyone applauds.
Molly slaps a stomach onto a scale with a meaty smack. John meets her eyes, and she smiles. She is always pleased when Sherlock is around, even now. John gets it, even though he’d rather not. When John first met Sherlock, an alpha with
“It sometimes takes years, Sherlock.” It does, John has seen it happen often enough. Having babies is not an easy deal.
John doesn’t get too close to Sherlock to hand him the cup, but still he can feel the heat radiating off him. John offers one to Mycroft as well, but Mycroft ignores it in favour of lying down. His fingers curl against his stomach.
Mycroft is aware that he himself would never be able to let John go the way Sherlock does. He is not certain whether that means that his own experience of love is more selfish, but he could never imagine himself doing that. Loving someone that much that one allows them to touch another as well.
Mycroft had assumed as much. “Would you like a coffee?”
“Leave!”
John isn’t sure if Mycroft’s joking. He almost laughs, and it if was anyone else… but what he says is, “Yeah, could you? JW”
Mycroft smiles at him, and John basks in it.
He’s starting to get that.
All right, then.
All of it will.
John seems surprised by his answer. “All right, yeah!”
John seems fine.
Or no, there is - watching the man he fell for on TV every week,
There are, John can see them clearly.
Sherlock goes on, and Mycroft isn’t entirely certain if it’s for his benefit, or Violet’s, or even Sherlock’s own that he’s telling him this. “By the side of St. James’ Park, the same two. She likes the largest one, especially when he yawns.”
Violet has joined in - she is twirling on the sofa, spinning her skirt. Sherlock is dancing the steps next to John, showing him what to do. And in a way, John feels insanely happy doing this. Between all of them.
He deletes them all now.
John pulls his fingers back. Then moves away a bit, and leaves a careful space between them.
Greg answers, “Yes, or there was, we caught the son, he confessed.”
Sherlock eyes her. “It’s a beta boy.” Even just saying the words makes him grin.
At least between them, it will be all right.
But he does now.
There is another bloke with multiple piercings through his nose and lips as well as heavy scarification on his cheeks, who smiles eagerly and says as he walks up, “Wiggins.”
He looks up when he hears a noise. John is padding out of the bedroom on bare feet.
Sherlock makes sure Violet is fed and changed, and then when Mycroft lets himself in, Sherlock hands her over to him, and says, “I need to shower.”
Molly goes on, “The owner’s daughter was our bridesmaid. It was quick, really, just fifteen minutes. But it’s... We’re married now.” She looks at the ring on her finger. “That’s what matters.”
Sherlock never realised how stressful a process pregnancy truly is.
“Hm.” John asks, while eating, “Why’d you get me that coffee then, this morning?” He glances at him. “That not wasting your breath?”
It was not sexual, but it still is based on a physical need and comfort, too close for what they are. It should never have happened between them. He should have said no, why did he not say no?
Mycroft walks out, feeling as if something monumental has shifted.
Sherlock knew they would eventually, so it shouldn’t have come as a shock. It doesn’t feel like it exactly, especially because Sherlock suspects that his own heat might have been the trigger. He can deduce from John’s face that he enjoyed it. There’s a bright cheerfulness that seems to surround him - John is
When they’ve finished their little chat, Mycroft comes out of the office and steers him into another, much more private one, then closes the door behind them.
Mycroft does not reply. The words seem to pound through his head.
Sherlock doesn’t argue, he can’t anymore. All he wants is the relief of it. Every single moment is just the anticipation of it being done. One more burning second, one more. He sits down on the bed, John’s bed, it smells like John. He lifts his gown, and John hesitates only a second, before placing the syringe against his arse. The touch alone is enough to make him spasm,
John nods at him.
Once there, he can see Sherlock sitting alone at the large table and drawing intently. John can see the lines of Sherlock’s pin-up and the fish in the foreground when he walks closer, but Sherlock doesn’t look up from his drawing.
John knows what he wants to tattoo. He holds the image in his mind and considers the line work while the time ticks down. Sherlock’s working on small stings of lines now. Details, John assumes.
It is not a sound that he has heard often. Anyone who works for him receives a specific code so they can enter silently, but only at the time when they are expected.
Sherlock comes along to the appointment.
Mycroft can follow John’s reasoning. He can understand the pain of wanting a child and not being able to have one. But that does not mean that this is a sensible idea in any way, shape, or form. It offers a near-endless chain of complications, of thoughts, considerations, fears and doubts.
It is John Watson who walks his way first. Judging by his gait, he is in some pain this morning.
Most of the time he doesn’t. It’s hard to get too annoyed with Sherlock when he’s doing this so genuinely, but it’s not exactly fun either. John hints that maybe they should take a case soon and deal with something else for a while, but Sherlock says, “We can’t, we have Violet from two.”
The Channel 4 adverts are rolling, something about yoghurt and then car insurance, and Rosie’s whining - she’s up well past her bedtime. Her mouth and hands are coloured orange from the crisps Mary set out.
