Tony wakes up to Bruce shuffling and breathing heavily, he was sweating and whimpering.
And then video plays. It was for him pleading them to fuck him harder. He remembered them telling him to beg them so they can leave him and never reach him again. He just wanted them to stay away from him.
“You’re putting my boyfriend behind you ! Away from me ?” Steve asked taking step forward but Thor also took step forward they were inches away from eachother.
“Lovely “ Thor whispers in his ear and lick it . Tony dropped the cup from his hand . and then he heard Steve’s voice and he jumped.
There’s a group he could call a normal just like him .
What did the mission costs?!
He can’t trust anyone in this room again.
"You alright?" She whispers to him and he smiled to her.
After he marked him for several times he looked at Tony and smiled.
“Oh god “ He rubbrd his face and kept thinking
“Involved? huh! my ass. She’s the head of the snake the bitch! She tried to get her revenge from Steve by turning everyone against you and especially Tony. And when Steve start to cheat on Tony with her, of course Tony will figure out and he’ll punish you for something you haven’t done, cause as she said you’re their slave, accidentally he’ll kill you but the truth she’s the one who will kill you.” After saying that much Rhodey took a deep breath and nodded to pepper so she could continue and she nodded once and continued.
Tony was shocked
“Tony you’re so weak. Don’t show that to them . Go and take your chance with the god. Go my little demon “ The voice said again and Tony wiped the tears he waited for the voice but it was silent.
Once they were in Thor’s room . Thor puts him and sit on the edge of the bed .
What do you think?
“I .. I have half of the time stone ! Steve I need to go to my lab now !” Tony tried to stood but Steve pushed him and make him sit again
"Tony I will kill you now!" Thor wanted to show his voice as if he was angry but everyone knew he was just enjoying his time.
Before she can do anything, the alerts sounds go on, she looked up and glared at him. Then she was gone.
He stood on his shaking legs and Thor sighed.
When he felt Bucky sucking and biting his neck he kicked him and Bucky fall to the ground so yeah he run the last thing he wanted is to be raped from his family.
Frost enterd the room and Peter looked away, and Frost sighed.
Tony can feel the tears running down his cheeks. Why he’s saying this to him ? No one knows about what his father done to him except Steve and now he was making fun of him . He was making him feel worthless . but he’s not a whore or a trash . He had a heart just like everyone. But why this is so hard for them to understand that !
They reached Tony who was kicking the blanket and trying to push who ever was in his nightmare. It’s breaking their hearts to see him like that.
Days passed by and everyday there’s a new video for Tony being fucked from different people. Steve felts sad he really does, but Tony shouldn’t do something like that and he shouldn’t run away from this problem by killing him self. Yet he was surprised that Tony tried to kill him self more than once, Hell what was he thinking about?
he go out side but Clint comes and took him cause he was distracting him of course
Once Thanos returned as Steve expected, the plan began.
He will always be alone and he’s already ready for being alone for the rest of his life .
Who dares to hurt his baby ?
He puts his clothes and books in their place. And he was surprised to see Loki is already reading a book.
He was in love with Tony and He can’t stop Tony from getting in relationship with Thor cause he’s the one who started this fire and he deserves what’s happening to him .
And now Sharon ! He doesn’t like her for sure!But the rest of the avengers are loving her so much . Even when he was telling jokes that for sure Steve , Clint and Thor will laugh on it  she decided to go on other way and made the joke as if he was mocking from them cause they’re poor and it ended up with Tony fighting Clint
"We have to go, I do not think this place will hold up any more!" The Titan  said.
He wakes up because of a nightmare again while his neck is hurting him, he groaned and stood, he took warm shower and then dressed himself.
“Are you trying to burn my kitchen? Steve Do something about it now!” He looked up at his dads only to get kicked from Steve, he was about to fall but Steve pulled his hair.
But then he was apologizing to them and shit he was having a panic attack.
"Steve, What about the stones?" Carol asked him and he shrugged off, the stones are the reason why Tony os in the bed, and Natasha being dead.
There’s the bullies who were looking at them and Tony avoided their looks.
And then every thing is black.
“Tony ? Go to your room and wait for me ok ?” Bucky said and Tony nodded. Bucky kissed Tony’s forhead again and Tony left .
suddenly feeling like he wants to say the words Steve told him to Sharon cause he knows that he doesn’t deserve someone treating him like Steve was.
“B-but how did you know?” He asked them and this time Stephan answered him.
“Tony behind you !” Steve shouted
He run to Tony and hugged him and Tony hugged him back .
Steve never marked him only just when Tony is the one asking him to mark him . And here he was marking that bitch . He go to his lab but his heart was hurting him so much he put his hand on his heart and tried to focus but soon he was dazed and he fall to the ground and everything was black !
Tony felt someone is holding him .
“I... Sorry sir nothing happened.” The (sir) word spilled from his mouth without thinking and it’s shocked Thor.
Tony really wasn't in his full strength, when was the last time he ate something? When was the last time he got some sleep?
Peter was being tied again, Frost had left before hours, he cannot let her hurt the soldier. God, he had been through enough.
and there’s a section we don’t get close to.” They shared a look and nooded to him so he can continue.
Maybe because of the loss?
“I want to.” Tony whispered to him and Bruce eyes widened. The hand that was rubbing his arm was under his shirt touching his bare skin and the one was on his lips moved to his hair.
Why so suddenly like that? They were just a happy family, he loved his parents and they loved him back.
Tony’s eyes started watering .
Tony felt himself shaking. Fury? Why? And why he went straight to Steve? There’s no men in the earth only Steve what the fuck?!
once they finish they go to sit with the others and he saw Tony there eyes met but Tony looked away of course he’ll. It’s like he’s still in love with you dummy?! He sitted down and kept looking at Tony . Tony was in another world and he know that Tony was thinking too deep.
his tears kept falling and he was hugging his legs and crying .
So as I said I wanted to ass something weird to the story! Something Supernatural! Support me with your kudos and comments! Love you all !
And now He couldn’t do anything just hugging Tony and comforting him .
Maybe he was rude with Loki and maybe he should apologize to them.
"Make us breakfast you slave." And like that Thor left him on the floor stunned from what happened.
Tony will accept it when they talk about him or about Howard, but not his mother. And what hurts Tony the most is Loki getting in his head. How could he? Tony stood and ignored it when his bare foots stepped on the broken glass and plates and god knows what else was on the table. He was standing a few inches away from Loki now and then he slapped Loki.
He missed Natasha. She was trying to prove to everyone that her heart was made of stone,
"Hey baby." Loki hugged him and he hugged him back. Bucky was standing beside them smiling.
They were so beautiful. the black feathers beautiful he just couldn’t take off his eyes from them and he was smiling for the first time in these two months.
“Yeah Of course you have to proof that they are wrong “ Steve said and yet didn’t look into Tony’s face or eyes
Tony opened his eyes wide and was looking at the place he was in his room and Steve was looking at him and he was so scared on Tony . Steve wiped Tony’s tears and waited for him to control his breath again. Tony pulled Steve’s hand and kissed it .
(See the end of the chapter for
Thor slept on Tony, he made Tony’s chest as his own pillow and Tony accepted it.
Tony entered the lab smiling but he was pale and the bags under his eyes making him looks like panda. Tony sniffed and leaned on the table beside him.
When he back to his bedroom to find Tony is waiting for him with that beautiful smile playing on his lips . Steve could feel nothing but guilty.
<———><———>
He opened his eyes to see Natasha holding camera while Clint was laughing. Steve and Bruce were only looking at them and smiling.
“Y-yeah you’re...” Thor said looking at both of them
Bucky rolled his eyes and Tony laughed on him
Everyone was looking at them now Great!
Tony took a steps to stand infront of her .
and Bruce was shocked now . He sits beside Tony and hugged him .
“I’ll fuck you Tones “
He couldn't forget the way Tony looked at him, he was so hurt just as same the way after Ultron. He should probably fix this shit.  After all it was Loki's fault! He stayed in his bed for hours until he wakes up feeling something is so horrible about to happen. He couldn't call for anyone cause all he can see is a red glowing lights filling the room.
“Fuck me Thor” Tony said and locked his eyes with Thor’s.
“Sorry about that cap ! but it was only a challenge ! Sam you asshole I win “ Tony get off him and was walking proudly to stand beside Natasha
“I’m happy you wanted to hang out with me.” Marco told him, “Not just because of the...
“Are you going to look at those messages?” asked Steve.
Steve bit his lip and stared at his phone, feeling like he had tunnel vision and was trapped in a bubble with all the oxygen sucked out.
Steve usually had to get up super early to prepare things in the kitchen before his run.  Breakfast was then made gourmet by him, sometimes it was super specific to Tony’s preference.  (And required trips to multiple stores per dish.)
Steve got up to sit next to him on the couch and put his arm around his shoulders.  Slowly, Bucky’s head tipped over to rest on Steve’s.
“Oh...HARD.” exhaled Bucky.
“What do you want for breakfast, my love?  I got to go in by 9.”  Tony said, smirking lovingly up at him.
“Sorry, Nat.  I can tell him not to bother you anymore.” he said sadly.
Steve huffed at himself when he looked down on the floor to find Bucky’s bed deflated.  He’d foolishly forgotten to set it back up.
Steve was doing a poor job of holding in his laughter, “I’m...I’m sorry, honey.  Just wanted to surprise you.”
“This email must be really bad then.  Who is it from?”
“How did it go from friendship to friendlier?” asked Steve, mentally slapping himself at his word choice.  “Tell me if I’m being too nosey.”
She turned to the man and said hello.
By about 3AM, the crowd started to get more shirtless and libidinous.
A moving truck pulled up and took Steve there. It was the first room he had completely emptied.
With a bitter laugh Steve said “Yeah, that wasn’t on purpose.”
Tony turned off the music from his smartwatch, getting the attention of most of the crowd in their open living area.  Steve’s eyes darted from the bottom of his champagne to Tony’s face, “Tony…”  The older man cleared his throat and started to tap his drink glass with the edge of his metal wrist watch.
“Okay, don’t be mad, but the day after you left.  I’ve been put on leave until further notice.”
After a few seconds Steve sighed and said he had to go.
“Steven Grant Rogers,” smiled Tony, staring into his eyes “You are the man of my dreams.  You are the one who saved my life, who took care of me, and kept me going.  I’ve known I’ve loved you since the moment I met you.  Nothing can ever change that, baby.  Please do me the greatest honor of marrying me?”
The breath punched out of the bigger man when his friend resumed his punishing pace into him.  Swiftly, they both climaxed at the same time, Steve catching his release with his own hand and Bucky in the condom.
The beginning of the sunrise was shining outside the windows in the dining room.
“BUCKY is, yes.” Steve smiled at his friend.
Bucky sat in the chair farthest away from him and began to eat.  Steve took the opportunity to do so as well.  They ate in silence, calming them down for the moment by doing something innocent and normal.
“I know, I shouldn’t have looked.” said Steve, looking down, “I’m sorry.”
Steve couldn't remember his name.
Quickly, Bucky wiped a few tears from his eyes before they could fall.  One of Steve’s hands began silently rubbing his shoulder.
Steve laughed, “Okay, fine.”
The three of them kept walking between the bleachers into the field.
Bucky smiled as he chewed, "Fat and happy."
“Yeah, you said plenty.” he interrupted with a shaky voice.
He was able to walk again, meaning he was sobering up at least.
They had a lot in common including their taste in video games and horror movies.  Natasha was just as active as Bucky, making her insist that he get a membership at her gym so they could work out together.
The sick feeling in his stomach made himself known as he remembered saying that to Bucky the night before.
Steve keeps unpacking and re-decorating over the next few days to keep himself busy.  He goes to his first two sessions with his therapist to get to know him.
When they pulled back, Steve said with a relieved expression “I love you too, Buck.”
“I’ll call you tomorrow when I get home, okay?” Tony said softly as he was sliding into the fancy car service that was picking him up.  He closed the door and rolled down the window.
When Steve stepped inside the front door, he announced his arrival.  “In here!” came Tony’s voice, as he was in his office tapping away at his computer.  He could hear his boyfriend’s frustrated growls from the spacious living room. There were still moving boxes scattered here and there.
Blushing, Steve looked up at him with a smile.
“I can get us an open rezzy at Parker & Quinn.” smiled Tony, giving him a smoldering look.
“Me too!  I work out with my friend, Sam.  We jog in the mornings usually.”
They ate in silence for a few minutes.
“Alright, explain that to me because I thought legally they can’t do anything to you if you are gay…”
“We’ll order Postmates.” Bucky shrugged.
“So it was you.” Tony said from the couch, “You what, snuck into that party?  You asked me about our relationship to get information and then reported us to the Army for nepotism.”
“You’re right.” he sighed, “Just not looking forward to it.”
“It’s been months.” Bucky said as he took a sip from his root beer, “I would never be mad at you, Marco.  I just thought it would be a good idea for us to take some time apart.”
Bucky came over to the register to close a tab.  He noticed Natasha coughing and wiping up water.
She was talking to Steve but her eyes still locked with Bucky.
Steve was smiling at him, “You’re so sweet, honey.”
The two men pulled back and walked out the room hand in hand.  Pepper was setting up a light and laptop in front of the couch.
When he turned to face his friend, he noticed the hurt expression on Bucky’s face.
Steve gnawed on his lip a little, “What do you mean?”
“That’s good.” Tony told him, still keeping his tone happy. “I mean, does it bother you that he is in a relationship overall?”
"I saw you were dead asleep and you didn't have a bed when you got back. Least I could do."
“I sold the bar.  I enjoyed doing freelance graphic design at home but I needed something bigger.  There are tons of opportunities out there and I need to use my degree.” Marco said.
Steve passed his friend a full mug and they drank silently.  He placed the cooked bacon on two plates then went to the fridge for eggs.
“Okay, fair point.” Steve laughed back, “I know you may not feel like dancing though…”
Steve and Tony ended up in a private room at the Hospital waiting for hours for an x-ray, wound clean up, and lots of pain medication.  Steve’s black eye was looked over just to be safe.  When they were released, Tony was in an arm sling and blue nurse scrubs.  It was dark out.  They had to make a few calls, got a car, and had Pepper book a room at the 5 star Langham hotel.
“I hope your…” Steve hiccuped, “right.”
Tony awoke in the middle of the night because he was chilly.  He noticed a certain giant soldier was missing from his arms and the bed entirely.  When Tony sat up to peer in the bathroom, it was dark and quiet, leaving him to wander barefoot through the penthouse.  He saw a light coming from up the stairs in the home office/gym and went up to join him.
"Maybe." rasped Steve.
He shrugged, "Yeah."
“I think your eyes were closed.” he offered.
Tony stood from the long wooden conference table where they were gathered, “That won’t be necessary.  I’m leaving now.  You know where to call if there is a problem.” The other 5 men in military uniforms stood as well.
Steve noticed it and immediately took a sip, “Thank you.”
“Could I get a tour?” Carol asked Steve excitedly.  “Sure.” he laughed, leading her down the other hall toward the bedroom.
“That’s not funny.” murmured Steve before he was given a forceful lip lock once again.
“I got that brunch in the morning.” Tony mentioned.
Saying nothing, Tony went to the kitchen area out of sight.  Glass clinking noises started to drift into the living room.
“Have you been...doing okay?  Work has been treating you well?” asked Steve.
Steve scratched his head, “Alright…”
Steve subtly looked at his boyfriend when he said that.  It sounded more like an accusation than a compliment.
Steve chuckled lightly and pecked his lips a few times, “No, I still do.”
“Now you sound like Marco.  We’re adults, Steve.” Bucky said, shaking his head, “We knew what we were doing.  That’s why I asked you a few times how long we were going to keep it up.  I told you I didn’t want to do this again and I did anyway.  You think you can just be the martyr and then feel sorry for yourself?”
Steve sat alone crying to himself for a few minutes.  When his tears subsided, he looked in the mirror to make sure the redness in his face went away.
“I know that place.  Very romantic and pricey.  Do you think he is...ya know?”
“Buck…” he huffed.
“Yeah…” Steve cleared his throat, “Tony’s been really supportive.”
“You took care of me, like you always do.”
Rhodey brought over Carol to have dinner with them most recently.  When asked why they couldn’t go out, Tony reminded them that the photographers were following him and Steve everywhere.
Smiling back at his boyfriend, Steve heard Tony tell the driver they were ready to go.
“No.  Look, don’t worry about it.  They’ll question you, they’ll question me, then my superior and decide what to do.  Most likely they will just find a new company to work with besides yours.  I don’t want that to happen.”
Trying not to show anything but understanding on his face, Steve just said okay.
Pepper looked at him incredulously, “Do you realize that you just gained popularity over the past month due to your TED talk and now you have become a victim of a home invasion?”
“I can afford it.” smiled Tony, “It’s okay baby.  This place is paid off, and you’re worth it.”  He cupped Steve's cheek.
Bucky shook his head and put his own coffee on the table.  He dragged his cigarette, “I know, but that shit isn’t cool with me.  I told you it wasn’t.  You seemed to forget.”
Bucky kissed him back, pushing their tongues together with both hands on Steve’s shoulders.
“We’re gonna fight this.  I can get you the best lawyer in New York.  They can’t do this just because we are in a relationship.”
Steve looked relieved, “Yeah, we just needed to talk it through, I guess.  He apologized for seeming like he was avoiding me.”
“No way.  Did anything ever happen?” he laughed.
Immediately Steve's eyebrows dropped in confusion, "No, Buck-"
Steve stifled a laugh and rubbed her shoulder, “Aw, you okay?”
Bucky didn’t look directly at him as he started lacing up his boots.  “I thought I might walk to the bar, it’s nice out.  Sorry I can’t take the night off but I’ll be home by about 1.”
“I couldn’t sleep.” murmured Tony into his pec.  He slotted his body between Steve’s legs.
Steve hugged her.
“I know, and that’s all my fault.  Really-”
Every time Bucky visited during the beginning of their return home, it seemed to be one big party.  The two of them used to drink through the entire weekend or do hallucinogens together.
Bucky thanked her and started to prepare the ice machine.
"Wanna make you cum, Mister Stark." Steve told him in a high whine, "I want to be a good slut for you."
“I enjoyed the food though.  Tony also seems really cool.” he assured his friend.
Something switched in Bucky’s face.  He became more serious.
“He’s been staring at you all night.” Steve told her.
“I’m thinking it’s just because me and my co-workers have been talking about Tony and I moving in together nonstop.  Anyone could have overheard or talked about me in passing.”
“After that, things just slowly...escalated, ya know?” Buck added, finally returning his gaze.  His eyes looked a little glossy.
Bucky looked around with his hands in his pockets, admiring his collection of memorabilia and pictures of him and his parents hanging on the walls.
“So how’s it been going?” Rhodes asked, keeping his voice soft.
Looking a little afraid, Steve told him “I was sad because he kept quiet about it.  We’ve been salvaging our friendship and I found out about this through social media.  I felt left out of the loop.”  “I could understand that.” shrugged Tony.
Steve nodded and got up to go to bed.
“Stay.  Stop running.” pleaded Steve.
Feeling more alone than ever, Steve laid down on the couch under his blanket and cried himself to sleep.
Slowly, Bucky leaned back in his chair.  “I know you don’t trust me anymore.”
as we get home.”  He started to look over the party guests to make sure Carol wasn’t within earshot.
Maybe that would be enough to scratch this itch he’s had for years.
“S’fine.  I’m a bartender.  I get offered drinks all the time.”
That night, after Tony fell asleep (passed out in their bed), Steve had cleaned up the broken vase and made himself comfortable in the living room.  The TV was on, but he wasn’t really watching it.
Bucky looked up and shrugged, "I'm down for whatever. I will say however, I am tired of sitting around here trapped in my bad thoughts."
Somehow Bucky still didn’t seem phased.  “I don’t know…even after all he did for me...I’m not really sure if I’d call that love.” he replied, pulling his mouth into a hard line.
When a clearing throat interrupted Steve’s thoughts, he made eye contact with Bucky.
“So he’s a little wild, but hey so am I.” shrugged Natasha, “He’s still a sweetheart.”
“Love you too.” Steve sange before hanging up.
Tony smiled fondly, “Yeah?  Let’s spend a few nights there together.  Ya know, to say goodbye to the old place.”
“You wouldn’t leave him.  Not for me, right?”
“Sure, we’ll put it right in here next to the bed.” He whispered, kissing the top of Tony’s head.  He hummed in response, nuzzling his cheek against Steve’s muscular pec,“I am happy right now, for the record.  I love our new place, our new neighborhood.  I love you.”
Steve tilted his head over to lean on Tony’s shoulder, “No...I just need some time to get my emotions in check and let my counseling work.  This is more than thoughtful of you.”
Why would he ask that?!
With a huff, Steve threw his head back and bit his lip.  Whines were punched out of Steve as Tony began to thrust the toy against his prostate, stretching him even more at the same time.
“Of course, darling.” Tony smiled, looking up from his tablet to kiss his boyfriend’s forehead.  “I was thinking of playing hooky today anyway.  You know I’ll always take care of you.”
Steve nodded then rolled his eyes a little, "Yeah, she wants to go to Bucky's bar of all places."
“To Indiana?” laughed Steve.
Sighing, Marco told him “Yeah, after I basically had to kick my uncle’s ass to keep him from running after you, I had betrayed just about everyone in my immediate family.  Mads is a bitch though, James.  She immediately ran to Mom and Dad to throw me under the bus and the only reason she was with you was to eventually get married and make you take care of her.  There was never anything real there.”
Tony squatted down next to him, wearing his wife beater and boxers.  “I know how it feels but like I said, I’m here.”
“You don’t have to.  What else would I do with them?  Let them collect dust somewhere or donate them.” insisted Steve.
“No, no...we can cook brunch together.  Like when we first started dating.  What d’you say?”
Steve’s eyes dropped, Bucky’s stare got more intense.  He was trying to avoid it.
He recognized the title as an indication he needed to start making demands or he might not be allowed to finish.
“You’re right, I’m sorry.  If you spend the night with me I will never make one again.”
Steve had his own dirty week of betrayal, why couldn’t he?
“Why do you ask that? I just want to go to sleep.” he responded.
“That sounds nice.  Could I...join you guys maybe?” asked Bucky, leaning against the doorway.
Clearing her throat, Natasha said, “Hey, why don’t we start going back to karaoke on Wednesdays?  Just you, me and Wanda.  Like old times.”
“You’re practically a diversity hire.  They need more queers in the military and that’s the only reason you got what you think you earned, Faggot.”  Frank spit a loogie on the floor in front of him.
Looking embarrassed, she suggested 90 Day Fiance.  He agreed happily.  They both could admit it was trashy but they loved it anyway.  After watching an episode, they start making small talk about how Bucky is doing.
The rest of their friends made their way over to the hotel to visit.  Pepper had to be snuck in through the garage since the paps knew who she was.
The green coat guy stood there scowling, “What?  Why were you flirting with me then?”
“No, but I feel it.” Steve laughed and turned a little to start kissing the older man’s much scruffier cheek.  With ease, Tony turned his head to connect their mouths and started to kiss him sloppily as water cascaded over them from all sides.  Instinctually, Steve started to thrust his ass back against him.
Immediately as they were seated, a waiter came by and filled their glasses with water.  He also  placed a plate down containing a sliced loaf of french bread and whipped butter.  Tony ordered a fine bottle of red wine for the table.
“That’s great, Buck.”
Tony gave him a sudden warning of “I’m going to-” before filling him up, pausing with his thrusts and stilling inside him.  Steve cried out with each thrust until Tony paused and bent forward to kiss him.
Bucky went to play a few rounds of his favorite video game with Scott online.  By the time he was finished, Marco was already on his way back.
Steve's voice wavered as he looked up from his lap and quickly wiped his falling tears.  “I guess I’m not going to work tomorrow either...so I have nothing to really keep me occupied and no boyfriend for 4 days.”
“It’s alright.” Steve said, squeezing him a little tighter as they hugged.
They had been feeling more at home in the hotel suite, which was about 900 square feet smaller.
Steve whimpered and tried not to cry, “It’s not an affair.”
“Yeah, I could tell.” shrugged Bucky, cocking his head at his friend, “So are you, well, are
Tony’s recovery process from being shot was still in the early stages.  He’d gotten lucky since he didn’t need surgery and only needed a few stitches.  Physical therapy had to start immediately to make sure he wasn’t experiencing muscle fatigue or blood clots.
Steve adjusted his blue polo he was wearing as he listened to his boyfriend.
Tony started to cut and eat his chicken, "So Bucky, I've heard some things about you but not much. Where are you from?"
When Steve’s alarm went off on his phone at 6AM the next morning, the two of them groaned at how tired they were.  Tony instinctively crawled off of him so he could get up.
Steve agreed with him.
“So this all happened LAST NIGHT?  Jesus, Bucky.” Steve sighed sadly and shook his head, “I’m so sorry.”
When they pulled back, Steve pulled them under the water and began to lather Tony with their fancy body wash.  The older man smiled at him hazily, “You don’t need to do that anymore, remember?”  Tony was kissed again before being turned around to have his back washed.  “I’ll admit I really did enjoy bathing you.” Steve told him, “It’s intimate and it makes me happy to see you relaxed.”
Steve looked confused for a second, “You want to...buy out my lease so he has somewhere to stay?”
“Don’t I know it.  I did give the apps a shot, ya know?”
That man showed him things about himself he’d never have found out on his own.
With a sardonic chuckle, Bucky turned to him, “What do you mean?  You’re the one going through something right now.”
“Yeah, pretty much since I got this.” he said, gesturing at his prosthetic arm.
Panicking, Bucky looked up at Steve who was mouthing at him to just hang up.
Steve's smile dropped and he tilted his head back, "I can't go back to doing nothing like when I was on leave. I'm going to go crazy."
“I…I wanna...I-” Steve was trying to stop his sobs and it started a chain reaction of hiccups.
At that point, Tony was already back into work mode, doing things virtually from home.  He only had to work around his physical therapy appointments, which were every other day.  Along with the regular meetings with Pepper, he would meet with his new publicist to make sure the press wasn’t chewing him up.
With a quick look, Bucky couldn’t help but ask, “Is it because of that night we went out?”
Bucky thanked her for a great evening and she promised to text him soon.
Bucky's eyes followed the motion.
They were eye level as she sat on her counter.
Steve went with it and shook his head, “Which one?”
He winked at her and asked Steve if there was enough ice in his whisky.
"Yes, he's still in the shower." replied Pepper.
“That’s a good thing, isn’t it?” smiled Sam, drinking some water and putting the bottle on the ground off the track.
A strong arm pulled Tony into a hug against Steve’s muscular chest.
Bucky was staring off into space.
"You may have distanced yourself," said Steve, "but I mean...my love for you has been around for 10 years.  Ever since high school, when you snuck in my window.  It won't matter how long we're apart.  You're right, I tried to ignore it too.  I moved on.  So did you."
“That’s not it at all!” protested Steve, holding his coffee so he had something for his hands to do.  “I only have one more load of boxes and I wanted to get them over to the penthouse.  I also barely slept thinking about this whole...situation and how I feel bad that it felt good.”
The response he received was a surprised squeak followed by a groan.
“Who do you think they are from?” asked Steve gently.
The two lab partners had been getting to know one another for the past couple of months but lately, Tony moved Peter’s weekly time in the lab from 2 days to 4.  They had a lot more time to talk.  Of course Tony still felt guilty looking at him with a lustful eye.  Although, Peter was devastatingly cute.
“There is a train.” he laughed.
Steve pulled out the embrace to stare at him lovingly, “Tony, that’s sweet but I couldn’t ask you to take care of everything plus therapy.”
Sam was also honorably discharged from the air force when his partner died in his arms on the field and got his degree in psychology.  He currently worked as a guidance counselor for High School kids.
Steve thanked Natasha and she left but as soon as the front door shut, he had to hastily rush to the master bathroom to vomit.  There was a ton of commotion as he stumbled through the bedroom, waking up his man in the process.
“Other than an alcoholic?  Yeah...I’m...a major depressive.  I got medication for that as well.”
“I’ll put up this package and make a phone call.  Then I have to change and we can go out to breakfast, okay?” said Steve.
“We are celebrating tonight at a 5 star restaurant, you know you can’t get me worked up.”  He tried to sound stern, but his face was playful.  Steve adjusted his slacks a little.
“Nah, I go back in on Saturday for the closing shift.” he replied without looking up from his rice he was cooking.
“I’m not...tapping anyone right now.” scoffed Bucky.
“Typical,” sneered the man struggling in Steve’s hold, “never notice what’s right in front of you.”  Catching Steve off guard, Frank managed to grab the gun around the man’s hands.  They started to fight over it.  Punches started to land, a few around Frank’s jaw and nose.
“She’s nice.” said Bucky, “I am being nice to her because she’s friends with you and Nat is actively trying to be my friend too.  I wouldn’t hook up with her and do that to you.”
“Yes it is!” laughed Bucky, continuing to eat his food again.
Steve met his eyes again, “I mean...you just didn’t mention anything to me.  She didn’t mention anything either, but Wanda and I aren’t that close.”  “Really?” Bucky scowled, “You guys see each other once a week.  You used to have lunch every day, right?”
As Bucky was seeing him out, he opened his arms to hug his old friend.  Marco smiled and confidently pulled his face into a very sultry kiss.
That made the group laugh once more.
Pepper wiped her face quickly, “No...I would hug you guys, but your arm-”
Bucky shrugged and still promised he’d go.
“I just...am fucked up about this work stuff.  That’s all.” he sighed.
The pout on Steve’s lips stayed prominent, “You’re welcome.”
I think there will be one more chapter.  Love you guys!
When she realized he was kidding, Natasha laughed and gave him a gentle hug.
Steve’s voice went soft and sweet, “Hey hun, what’s up?”
“Have you told Tony?”
Marco always picked up on it, “Well don’t you?  Isn’t this okay?  I was staring at that dining table the whole time I was here and I couldn’t help but notice it was the perfect height for getting fucked on.”
Steve gasped happily and tapped his beer to Bucky’s shoulder, “That’s awesome, Buck!”
When the blonde man finally pulled back from kissing him, he was smiling with his eyes closed.
Steve’s stomach dropped.  “Nothing.  I just want you to stop talking down to me.”
“Maybe...I think I can handle it.  I need to get a shower though.”
It surged the brunette man forward and since he was holding Steve up at this point, he clutched the blonde tighter as he found his footing again.  Their foreheads bumped a little.
“Tony?” His father warned him but Tony ignored him and closed the door behind him .
He felt so warm when Tony was talking. Tony was being soft with him and that’s weird, but he was so grateful for him. He was saying bad things about him while Tony was saying only nice things about him. Steve felt in shame but right now he was so busy fucking Tony and losing his virginity with Iron man.
Then Pepper and Rhodey shows and came to them.
He closed the door behind him and hid under his be d and kept sobbing.
Tony can see that Loki had changed a lot, he can see that Loki is more unconfident, he was more fragile.
But who’s this guy ? was this guy his brain? Maybe his brain wants him to wake up .
Wanda was smirking and Tony sighed.
He was scared, he didn’t want them to know about it.
“Tony?” He looked at her, “Thank you.” He noddedto her and left.
He wishes he could take back the things he said when he was arguing with Steve when Clint was with Loki.
“But you’re not dumb like me to waste a life full of love with the purest man ever ! but we shouldn’t lose the faith Peter ! He’ll back to us “ and That’s Steve
“You’re just a bitch like her and you know that.” He send her a warning look and he knows that he’ll regret that later but for now he can’t control himself.
She comes to sit with them.
“Enough, I'm fine . It’s okay." Despite Tony 's smile they know he' s not okay and that’s just his fake smile.
“Eww !” Peter turns his head and closed his eyes
“Tony babe ? You sure you’re ok ?” Steve asked with his caring eyes and voice .
Loki just chuckled and lefts .
Steve punched Tony and Tony fall to the ground and Bucky runs away
"No, love, it's not your fault. Her parents are dead because of Stane, while her brother's death was on her. It's her fault." When he saw Tony was about to protest he gave him a warning look.
Peter was still a sleep wich is weird, and the winter soldier is calm. Maybe he's under control again. Peter was tide to the chair and looking very peaceful.
after defending Thanos he was grinning to them all he finally made it
“FRIDAY lock the door.” as if someone will enter on him again. He kicked them out of his tower no way they’ll back to him. He must apologize to them and he knows that.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Tony was at his room, he got two calls. One from Ross telling him to apologize to the avengers. The other one was from Nick Fury telling him the same thing.
“You’re just a bitch like her and you know that .” There were gasps and dropped jaws about what Tony called Nat .
“Pops?” Steve pushed Peter to Tony and Peter’s blood run cold.
“Guys Hydra tried to attack Peter! Not spider man ! Peter! I don’t know how did they know about him being Spiderman !” Bucky was so angry .
When Thanos wanted to rip off Tony's arc reactor Steve stepped in and saved Tony andThanos threw Steve away from a far distance.
He went to the kitchen on shaking barefoot, he looked up at everyone nope they don’t seem normal at all!
“Babe go back to your bed you’re still tired you scared me “ Steve kissed Tony’s hand and Tony smiled to him again.
Thor had a big argument with Bruce wich send the whole team on black mood.
Bucky sit beside him and chuckled.
“Yes, He’s on the couch. Rhodey puts him there.” Stephan replies and Peter nodded.
"You were just putting your baby in me so shut the fuck up and be patient!" Loki glared at him.
And then suddenly he was in his room again
Natasha was reading book in Russian and Peter was lying with his head reading against Tony chest.
“So should we help you to control your power ?” Loki asked and Tony nodded they all were smiling.
ــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــ
“This is the first time you’re dreaming that I’m leaving you “ Steve said looking at Tony and Tony took a shaken breath and he smiled to him .
Thor was kissing and biting Tony’s neck and Tony’s fingers were in Thor’s hair .
“What are you talking about Pep? Wait, you know what happened to him right?” Tony asked and Peter was hoping now that she’s not going to tell them.
(See the end of the chapter for
They’re not caring about eachother. Tony can’t even look at Steve’s eyes .
"Yeah, I've got bad memories with thunders." Thor sits so now they were eyes to eyes. Tony never so Thor like that. Of course Thor is gorgeous, but damn he had to do all of his strength to not look at the shirtless man in front of him.
Yet , He knows that Peter wasn’t alone cause he got Bucky . The kid was never the same after his aunt’s death.
Tony sitted beside him on the bed while Steve was standing and his arms crossed.
he cupped Steve’s face and kissed him and this time Steve closed his eyes and returned the kiss for the first time
"Peter! Don't do that! It'll hurt them and .... and the last thing I want to see is Tony being hurt again." His voice at the end was like a whisper. Peter felt guilty and he stood to give his uncle hug to comfort him.
“Tony ?” Bucky was surprised to see Tony so calm like that .
He rolled his eyes at them.
Frost glared at her and says, "we're not."
“Steve?” before she can continue his tear rolled down his cheek and she hugged him
“I’m so sorry Tony, I just kept screwing everything over again! I was trying to push you away from me cause you were hurt because of me and you didn’t even protest when I was being mean to you! And now look, you’re the one who apologize for something you’re not responsible for. Tony I... I’m a mess! What if you died that day? Huh tell me?” Tony’s eyes were wide and filled with hope and all he thinks about is ‘Clint cares about me.’
“S-steve?” He called him and his tears start falling.
“Of course Peteypie anything you want.” Pepper said and Peter finally spoke.
“We’ll make everything better believe me “ She said comforting him .
"When?" He needs to know and the two agents filled him with what he wants to know.
“Stop Talking damn it Tony !” Steve picked him up
"Make me." She challenges him and he looked away. He is not even ok. He doesn't know why he's still in pain while he should be completely healed.
He’s worthless, he’s useless, he’s just a mess, He hates himself more than anything else.
“At least you’re not gay like him” with just what she said he pushed her away . His eyes widened  from what just he heard .
Wanda was feeling guilty about what she called the man who tried to protect her and her friends.
So why he was tying PETER?! He tried to talk to the Winter soldier but he refused to communicate with Bucky. God if Tony knows he'll kill Wanda without any mercy.
He nodded to them and said
Pepper and Rhodey are married. Hogan and May are married too. He felt so happy for them. If they’re happy then he’s happy.
There’s the losers he can see that cause one of the bullies was bullying them .
“No, you’re not. They were under this fucking spell. Now it’s over Peter, You’re going to be ok.” Stephan said and kissed Peter’s forhead.
He closed his eyes but all he can see is Tony and Thor doing all the thing they used to do together .
He couldn't help the scream that left his throat and then suddenly he was lying on the ground again, panting and trying to recognize what just happened, but he couldn't stay for more seconds. He closed his eyes and the last thing he saw was the girl smirking down at him.
Tony is happy with his teammates. With his boyfriend Steve.
He was only back up for them and he wasn’t a team member. It’s hurt so bad.
"I don't know!" The poor guy answers and he was kicked.
Just when he was outside he saw Tony and thor on the grass and Thor was on top of Tony and they were laughing. Bucky had noticed him . Tony noticed him too and he pushed Thor and stood.
Loki chuckled.
He couldn’t take it anymore he opened his eyes to see Natasha standing beside him and he wasn’t surprised to not notice her coming.
Clint crouched in front of Tony and he cupped Tony’s face and Tony closed his eyes at the warm touch.
PS:IT’S YOUR BLOOD ;)’
“You have been in your lab for a whole day Tony “ Steve said pressing their noses together
They’re all mad at him. Bruce and Clint in bad situation because of him, if something happened to them he won’t forgive himself.
“Thor ? Why are you doing this ?” Bucky asked
Mistakes happen:
Tony stood on his shaking legs and thanks to god the jacket was long and thick no one can see his injury. He was looking searching for anything but no one came close to them. He sighed and the pain becomes unresisting, he groaned in pain and catches his wound. His breath was becoming hard to get in his lungs. His body gave up and he fall again.
Tony left the warmth take him and he closed his eyes to welcome the dreams..
Ross is in the Psychiatric Hospital now. He deserves it though.
“Jarvis, Where’s Peter?” His voice was shaking and hoarse from yelling.
Steve doesn't know what to do, he pulled at his hair. He shouldn't lose control, but he is right now. His kid is being kidnapped while they were hurting him. His husband on the edge of dying. And now he's here all alone.
"Together we can win"
Tony wakes up gasping for breath, Steve the gem he is, pushed him back.
When they go back to eat Tony told him he was happy because Steve with him and now Steve is hurting him he looked at Natasha to tell her that I can’t hurt him . You go and fuck that bitch .
They were eating and Thor pulled him to his lap he'll never be shy of this- hell he likes it when Thor let him sit in his lap.
Steve sighed and returned to eat but every five seconds he will look at Tony . And when he saw Tony is looking down at his plate and he was about to pass out in any moment. Steve was thankful everyone noticed him . He doesn’t care about her he dropped her hand and go to Tony he stood beside him .
Steve hugged Tony and Tony hugged him back.
Tony was hiding and looking at them he was behind the couch .
Did Steve break up with him now?
and Tony huffed he has to prof the wrong thing to that asshole Sam .
“What happened?” Tony asked and Bruce hold Tony’s hand .
“Tony ? Babe ? Are you ok ?” Steve ignored Thor cause Tony was out of the zone and he was looking at the ground .
"Wanda Maximof took Peter. Our Peter." Natasha said her eyes being sharper then her knives.
brushing Peter’s hair because the kid was sobbing on his chest
The door opened and Frost left him quickly, wanda entered the place and he galred at her.
"The only way to keep me safe is by staying away from me." God, this was the first time Peter saw emotions show on the Winter Soldier's face. The hurt show clear in his face.
He doesn’t feel like he wants to cry or  lock himself in his workshop.
What the hell?
_•••_•••_•••_•••_•••_
“Sorry! I just wanted to make him feel jealous!” Thor crossed his arms .
“You’re not kidding right ?” all of them can see that he was scared .
He looked up at his teammates The guilt in Natasha’s eyes was worth to wait. The last time she looked at him like that when she knows what happened in Seberia.
"all this is because of you !" Tony looked at Natasha, who came forward and slapped him.
He was calmer than before, he retired from being Ironman and he adopts Peter because he can’t live without his happiness.
“No he’s not coming “ Thor said his voice showing how much serious he is .
"You're scared of thunders?" Thor asked him and Tony nodded.
Tony would be a liar if he didn’t admit that he felt a little scared.
Tony was red as tomato and Steve was just looking at them they can feel him he was about to blow out on them and kill them all but yet he’s captain America he can control himself .
"U-uncle Thor!?" Thor looked at him and left him.
“Stay!” Clint mouthed to Tony and Tony nodded.
Sorry for being late  guys :( .
“Thank you Bruce”
Tony chuckled softly and shakes his head.
They kept looking into eachother eyes.
“We all know our Tony will give up if he found out that you don’t love him ! Don’t! Don’t cut me I know you’ll say that you love him and we all know that you are “ Natasha rolled her eyes
“I - I can’t believe them ?! My friend please don’t cry ! I ? I’ll kill them all if you want please stop crying my friend!” Thor made Tony smile for real .
They stared at each other’s shirtless bodies for a minute, both trying to decide what to say.  (As if saying anything would help at all.)
She hugged him and kept rubbing circles on Steve’s back.  “Sweetie, I love you.” says Natasha sweetly.
“I mean, sure it’s tempting.  I make a point to tell my bosses and coworkers right away that I am a recovering addict.  I am usually not tempted after that because I know they will be watching me extra close.”
“Ah fuck, honey…”Steve sobbed, “I feel so awful.  I can’t even begin to say how sorry I am.  I have been taking forever to unpack my stuff because I was worried you would kick me out.  I mean...do you want me to leave?  It’s okay if you do.”
He hated to admit to himself that he missed it.
Tony chuckled, “Thanks baby.  What’s going on at work today?”
As soon as the rest of the crowd silenced and looked over at the two men, Tony started to speak loud for all to hear.  “I’d like to propose a toast to Steve.  He came here to do inspections, unpacked us, decorated, and basically self catered this entire event tonight.  So let’s hear it for him!”  Everyone cheered and sipped their drink, including a smiling Steve.  As soon as it was silent again, Tony clinked their glasses together.  Steve stood frozen as Tony sipped his own drink, setting it down on a side table.
Furiously Steve typed “Fine!  You know what, I was trying to be nice and be supportive.  Have a nice fucking life!”  After the message was read, he blocked all notifications from Bucky’s number and slammed the phone face down on the coffee table.
Bucky fidgeted with his jacket buttons while he spoke “A few things have happened and I have really just been wanting to talk to my best friend about it.  I didn’t talk to anyone about us or what happened either.  I’ve just been...by myself.”
Steve flinched and looked at him with sad puppy eyes.
Steve seemed unsure as he looked up at him, “Turn...over?”
“Hopefully I can find a place with chill coworkers.”  he said,  fidgeting and scratching where his prosthetic met his skin.
Tony slowly bobbed his head on him a few times, hearing the hiss of approval above him.  He shifted his eyes, stared up at his man, and pulled his mouth off him with a pop.  “Fuck my mouth, sweetheart.” Tony said gently, swallowing him again.  On instinct Steve started to thrust his hips.  They stared into each other’s eyes the whole time.  Steve found that to be incredibly hot.  Tony managed to hold his gaze through faltered breaths and tears filling the brim of his eyes.
“You’re just so easy to fall for, babydoll.” winked Steve, “Of Course he was mad.”
“Really?” asked Steve, surprised.
Steve knew he would have a lot of questions for his friend after he got some rest.
Almost giving in, Bucky abruptly pulls back and sets his half empty coffee on the end table.  “Alright, stop.  Just let me go.”
"Figured it wasn't."
“Tonyyy.” sang Steve softly, kissing his cheek.
“Morning.” smiled Bucky, “You didn’t go on your run?”
Steve and Tony met when he got his base job.  Tony was the head weapons specialist at Stark Industries.  The Army employed the genius/mechanic to maintain the operation software for the base weapons used for training.
“He has a sick wife at home.” said Steve, popping some pretzels in his mouth, “That’s why he feels like he has to work all the time.”
It was dusk when Bucky woke up.  Steve was in his office reading a history book when his friend wandered in rubbing his eyes.
There was no hiding Marco’s full sobs coming from the phone speakers.
Smirking, Steve looked him over and replied, “About 10, I suppose.  Natasha will be over here in a bit.”
His uniform was button down shirts and a tie, (vests encouraged) meaning he was going to need to go shopping for some nicer clothes.
“I told you,” Bucky replied without looking at him, “I always run to you because you’re…familiar and comforting.  Always been a good friend to me.”
“Taking advantage of me?  I was drinking and all over the place.  I get a little affectionate when I’m drinking.”
Staring at him with worried eyebrows, Steve kept calm and evenly said,  “Have me to yourself right now then.”
Steve stared at Frank, disgusted.  “All that because you didn’t get my job?  You could have gotten it after I left.”  “Well I can’t!” scoffed Frank.
“Alright.  I can feel myself crashing already…so I’ll go ahead.”  said Bucky, walking toward the bedroom down the hall.
“The fuck.” groaned Tony, feeling his larger man behind him reach over and turn the phone off.
Steve let go of him when he heard that but touched his hip softly, “You alright?  Need your meds?”
"Look," Bucky said tenderly, "I'm not trying to add to your stress right now.  I just think we need to address this elephant in the room."
“No it’s not!” he whined, uncovering his face, “I have a boyfriend, Buck!  I care about him. I don’t know why I let myself drink that much that fast.  I know how I act and I fucking know my limits!”
“Frank.  He’s very interested in tech, unlike you.” Tony said playfully, grabbing his fresh scotch.
Steve looked him over as his friend pulled out a cigarette, “Did you get to talk to anyone else?”
“No, I’m not regretting it.” he interrupted, “I just...I feel bad for not feeling bad.  Does that make sense?”
Ofcourse, making each other cum (sometimes twice) right before bed was helping.
“Not really, just...content.”
“You would have flown home early and missed your work at the conference.  I’ve been keeping busy.  I’m okay.”
Steve seemed to be satisfied with that answer.  “What exactly happened to your phone?”
“How’s it going, Bucky?” smiled Tony.
Steve grabbed his chest as it felt tight suddenly.  He rushed over to the kitchen counter to take his medicine.  When he was calmed down he wrote to Bucky, “Please don’t, Buck.”
“Yes.  We look forward to meeting with you soon, Mr. Stark.”  The man hung up.
“No, well almost...” Steve sighed, shaking his head.  “I um…see, my habit is a person.”
“Love you too.” laughed Steve as he ushered Bucky into the apartment.
“I’m not even sure what I want to do or where I want to live.” sighed Bucky, sipping at his drink.  “Also, no offense, but I don’t ever want to work for the Army again.  I was discharged, remember?  I’m too crazy…”
Tony gave Rhodey a look as if to say “I told you so.”
Steve’s friend Sherry and her wife were sitting in the two lounge chairs next to them so they started to talk.
“Friends!  I know!” interrupted Tony, “How is going to make any if you just stay with him at your place all the time?  Don’t I distinctly remember having dinner with the two of you not that long ago and you both agreed that he makes friends easily?  What happened to that?”
Wiping his face with both hands, Steve whimpered, “Because, I’m despicable.”
“I’d rather you didn’t if you say shit like that!”
They finished their breakfast in silence.  Steve stood and took the other man’s garbage to throw it away.  When he took his place back on the sofa, Tony started speaking to him as if they were continuing a conversation from earlier.
Tony sighed. "I...I think so. I'm not going to be certain until we move back to our place."
Steve seemed surprised by that question, “No!  That was weeks ago.”
She immediately replied “I’m getting ready for work.”
“Why?”
“I am.” said Steve, putting his palms up defensively.
The brunette man faced him as well, “I’m sorry.  I’m finally being honest at least.  What do you want from me?”
She looked over the two of them, suddenly sad and pouting.  “It’s my job but also...you guys are my friends and I care about you.”
The long haired man scratched his beard and looked around the room like he was being pranked.  “Are you sure?  After what I…everything?”
“You’re admitting it NOW of all times and you still haven’t actually said it.” Steve said, twisting his body to face him and wipe the tears from his cheeks.
Things were really looking up.
“Also!” he yelled, keeping everyone’s attention.  Tony stuck his ring finger into Steve’s flute to fish out the gold diamond and sapphire lined ring.  He wiped off his hand with his pocket square, also ditching the cloth on the table.  Swiftly, Tony got down on one knee.  A few gasps and woops came from the crowd.  Steve looked bewildered as he met his boyfriend’s eyes.  Happy immediately moved the area chair out of their way, so everyone in the open living room could see.
Steve made himself a tofu rice bowl and as he finished eating, Bucky came out dressed like a fancy rockstar with his hair up halfway.  He smelled like heaven.  (More like Acqua Digio cologne.)
Steve chuckled, “Pepper always insists on the best.”  He led him down the hallway to the living room area.  As they stepped into the room, Bucky noticed Tony sitting on the couch in his arm sling and thick red sweater.  His pants were very chic black sweatpants.  It was hard for him to make eye contact with the older man.
“Right.  I won’t hold this offer against you later.  I’m sorry I did that before.” said Tony, kissing his shirt covered pecs a few times.
He didn’t want to break Bucky’s heart but he felt like it was already in the process of happening.
“I think he knows you’re here with me.” he laughed.
Immediately Bucky was reminded of how much he missed scotch and how he wished he could be drinking with him.
He snorted and woke up, “Huh!” he exclaimed.
They laughed together.  When their smiles faded, they sat and listened to the current song playing for a minute.
“Get the fuck out!” yells Steve.
It was just lit enough.  Bucky toppled them both down onto the bed so that he could lay half on top of Steve’s broad chest.  His leg swung over the blonde’s hip.
The photo handed to Steve was one of the two of them at 15 at a System of a Down concert.  Their outfits were awful and what could only be described as "New Jersey punk".
"Oh, desperate for it, huh?" Whispered Tony into his lover's ear.  The blonde man moaned in response as his boyfriend’s hand slipped down to check his own growing cock. Tony snickered, "You want it bad, baby?"
With the light returning to his face, Bucky said “Sure, I could blow off some steam.”
Steve scooted closer to him in bed and put his head on the man’s shoulder, “Thank you for taking care of me and feeding me so I don’t die.”
“I haven’t really been sleeping and it’s been catching up to me late at night by the time my shift is almost over.  I feel like I’m going to die sometimes from exhaustion.”  said Bucky.
Steve flushed and turned to her, looking weak and scared almost.
They both ate most of their food and sipped at their coffees.
“He’s had a bullet go through him.  We have to keep it covered for a day before he gets stitched up.” he told her, looking at Tony sympathetically.
“I’m not a soldier anymore.  We wouldn’t have anything in common.”
“Sorry I’m being short with you.  I’m not trying to be.  I’m having a hard time and I don’t feel like talking.”
Bucky leaned on the bar in front of a drunk Natasha and asked her how she was doing.
“With these thick thighs I’m trapped under...I don’t know, I think I’ll need a few minutes.”
“I’ll be fine.  When’s the next meeting?”
"Just getting ready for the seminar next week." She sighed, not looking away from her tablet.  "I'm up to my eyeballs in emails and Tony and I have about 3 different online meetings this afternoon."
Wiping his face and sniffing, Steve tried to even his voice.  “Sorry for being emotional.  I’m just weird right now.””  He sobbed and shook his head.
“You.” said Bucky flatly.  “I’m not saying I do that often either.  I probably should have been more careful.  So I’M sorry.”
“That’s an order, Rogers.” said Tony with a playful military voice, “I need you to tend to my privates.”
“One is very small, like 18 inches.”
“I know...me, in a long-term relationship with another guy.” laughed Steve, stabbing his bacon on his plate.
Previously during his tour in Pakistan, Steve saved his entire team from terrorists and on the way out, his lifelong best friend Bucky, was blown up and lost an arm.  Luckily, Bucky survived but Steve hadn’t seen him in years since he was honorably discharged.
“Don’t worry about numbers.  You can do anything.” encouraged Steve.
That statement seemed to make Tony smile a little.
That embarrassed Steve, making his cheeks go hot. Bucky noticed and smiled to himself as he took a bite of the garlic bread he was holding.
“Honey…”cooed Steve, holding his face with his hands.  He pulled Tony’s head back to look at him.
“About 2 years, but that’s not the poi-”
Steve crossed his arms, “Those things are such a rip-off though, Tony.  You end up paying about 30 dollars more for no reason.”
“Oh, but-” Pepper started to say, getting him to turn back to her, “his first appointment is in about an hour.  Could you remind him?”
Steve had just jerked both their cocks to climax with one of his large hands.
“Sure.” he replied, going to a patron that was flagging him down.
“No worries.” Tony said, offering a friendly smile, “I’ll see you soon then, babe.”  Steve nodded, stifling his small giggles and they disconnected.
With a nod, Steve looked around their penthouse and said “This place seems huge now doesn’t it?”  Tony did the same then smiled up at him, “Yeah it does.  Too huge.  Maybe we should just get a whole new place.”
Steve shrugged, “What do you mean?”
"There are so many...I want...to crawl into bed with you when I come home and I see you asleep like an angel. Sometimes it looks so comforting and warm that I can't stand it.  I want to hold you and be able to kiss you when you’re sad.  I want to go with you as a date to parties and functions.  I want to fight anyone that makes you cry.”
That made Steve grit his teeth together.  He’s causing him stress.  “I’m sorry, Buck.” he breathed out.
The bar had emptied out a little when they were closing up their tabs.
“Oh my God!” groaned Steve, putting his hands over his face, “What is wrong with me?”
“I THOUGHT I said you needed to be quiet!” yelled Frank, putting the gun against Tony’s temple.
“You seemed uncomfortable earlier.  D’you want a real drink?”
Tony was asked to be in a tech seminar. He was giving an official TED talk and had to stay in San Diego.
“I know it’s not the same thing,” said Tony, “but I have been hiding it from you too, and I felt guilty.  Seems stupid now.”
“Hold on.” Bucky whispered, kissing his back and shoulder blades.  He slowly slipped his lubed up cock inside.
“Marco, what are you trying to say?” Bucky asked firmly.
They danced for hours, Bucky drinking water in excess from the sweating and taking smoke breaks when Steve would dip off to the bar for more drinks.
This was it.  Steve started to prepare himself for the ass kicking he rightfully deserved.  He’d probably be kicked out at least for the night and have to go maybe stay with Natasha or Sam.  Then he’d have to explain what happened to Sam possibly.
“Nothing.  I’m just not interested in that right now.”  Bucky dragged his smoke, “Also, how does he know that I’m not here with you?”
Steve walked him out to the hall and pulled him into a deep embrace/kiss.
“I didn’t tell you anything and I should have.” Steve told him, managing to hold back his tears.  He needed to stare down at the floor so as to not look at the look on Tony’s face.
When Bucky got up to the smell of toast, eggs, and bacon, he sauntered happily over to Steve at the stove to kiss his neck from behind.  “Morning, punk.” he whispered.  Both of them stood in their underwear.
This never happened to him.  Tony would blow him sometimes but honestly had never committed to eating him out before.  He said he would have to be celebrating a very special occasion.
Natasha looked around the apartment, “You letting Bucky keep most of this furniture?”
“I don’t have that much time.” smiled Steve, peppering kisses all over his face slowly.
Marco steps inside and makes sounds of approval as looks around and compliments his nice new place.
“I know.” smiled Steve, hugging him, “I love you too.”
“Are you willing to do what he said?” asked Steve timidly, “Talk to him together?”
As Bucky stole a spritz of Steve’s cologne while they were both fixing their hair in the bathroom mirror, he asked which club they were going to.
“Brenda Bannicheck.” she answered, “She’s a publicist, the BEST publicist.  I asked Tony about looking into contacting her a while ago.  Plus it’s only on the local news now but it’s circulating online.  It will make national news soon and I can’t handle it by myself.  There will be paparazzi and-”
He smirked back and nodded toward Steve, “Need a refill?”
Bucky looked after him, “What’s he doing?”
--------------------------
The two men started to eat their breakfast.
They finished their meal in silence.  Tony was the first to stand and announce he had to get going.  His car was already downstairs waiting for him.  He put on his coat and glanced back at Steve at the top of the stairs leading down to the front door.  “Thanks for breakfast.  I should be back by 4 or so.”
As he was planning to bum rush the guy, the wind slammed the front door shut behind Steve, making him flinch.
Steve had been drawing more lately, making sure his mind was occupied with something positive.  He was only able to meet Sam for a run a few times a week when he could escape the scumbags that were always waiting outside.
Steve went to get changed into his casual clothes, a soft green sweater and thick jeans.  He grabbed his overnight bag with his clean work uniform and took off.
"Hey."
“The great Steve Rogers is going to protect him?” taunted Frank.  He cradled his hurt arm as he and Steve circled each other a little.  Suddenly Frank lunged for the gun, causing both of them to tumble to the floor.
Steve does make plans with Sam to come over to his new place more often so that they could do something other than jog together.  Natasha had told Steve she wanted to come to his new place as well.  They no longer saw each other every day and she needed to update him on all the new work gossip.
“I remember it happening but I don’t remember who or how.”
"Yes." He grunted when Tony's hand stroked him a little. With a slight pushiness, the older man grabbed his lover by the hips and bent Steve over the built in shower bench.
“We were physical multiple times in that week.  He basically has been pushing me away since then, that’s why we don’t hang out.” Steve said, “I...searched for a reason I would allow myself to do something like that.  I don’t have one for you.  I was just...an asshole.”  His tears fell silently down his cheeks as he checked Tony’s expression.
Okoye turned to him with raised eyebrows.
Rhodey was pacing around his living room with his hands on his hips, “So what’s your plan?  Avoid him to death while staying in a relationship with him?  What’s the point of that?  Did you ask him if he had feelings for his friend?”
The text reply came back immediately.  “Yeah, when?” Bucky typed.
Bucky’s hair was half tied up in the back and his tufts of hair hung around his face delicately.  He was wearing a loose black shirt and jeans.
Steve indulged him for a minute and even moaned and thrust his almost hard dick against him a few times.
“S’okay.” he said quickly before the waitress finally approached them and took their order.
“I know she updates you on how I’m doing.”
Steve had bent over to get spanked and Tony barely popped him with any force.
Tony seemed surprised by that “When?”
Steve lowered his brows in frustration.
The steam on the mirror indicated he had just gotten out of the shower.  He was leaning against the bathroom counter with a towel around his hips, being held up by his amputated arm.
Tony suddenly stood and raised his voice, “I know I’m fucking right!”  He laughed bitterly, “I sure as shit didn’t do anything wrong.  You know why I have to keep drinking right now?  My mind cannot comprehend the level of deceit from you.”
“Marco, I...I have to go.  Maybe after a while we can talk again.  I just need to focus on myself for a while.”
Bucky sat up straight and rubbed his palm over his face.  “Yeah, you too.”
“I love you.” whimpered Tony, “I will do anything to keep you safe.”
“Bucky…”
Steve’s phone started to ring.  He took it out to see it was Natasha.  Tony told him to answer it.  “Hey Nat.” said Steve as he answered.
He came back to his new place and was met with Tony handing him a flute of champagne and wearing a bright smile.  “Hey there.” Tony said before kissing him.
Steve even felt a little more relaxed coming home to someone after work.  It was less lonely, even if Bucky would mostly take off at about 9pm.
“Great!  Let’s freshen up and get going!”
“Do you remember what that talk was about?” asked Tony.
"How did Becca look?"
Okoye approached Bucky after they left, “So your friends are nice.  I like them.”
With a bitter laugh, Bucky said “No it isn’t but thanks for saying it.”
After Steve straightened himself out, he brushed his teeth and Tony undressed him.  They got into bed and Steve passed right out.
“About 1.” snickered Steve, “I woke up at noon and ran to the market for some groceries.  I thought I could cook for you since you did last night.”  He turned to face the stove to pay attention to the bacon and hash browns he was grilling.
“I know, right?  All this time I thought she was a lesbian, honestly.”
“God, Stevie…” breathed Bucky, “you’re so fucking beautiful and soft.”
Feeling concerned, Steve asked what was going on.
“For real though, it’s no problem at all.” he assured his friend.
Bucky appeared at the door, clean shaven with his hair in a bun.  He was dressed in a tight black shirt and dark washed jeans that were painted on.  “What’s up?” he said happily, letting him inside.  Steve looked around, “Wow, they spruced up the place since we came here last.”  Most of the walls had new shelves on them.  Pictures of his family and random trinkets sat on them.  “Seems like you have been too.” he added.
Steve’s brows furrowed and he shrugged, “Sort of?”
“You sure?” Steve sighed, biting his lip.
“Yeah, definitely seems to be already.” said Steve, beginning to fold his clothes.
“I want Steve.” Frank interrupted, walking around the chair to face him.  He never put the gun down.  “I need to talk to him.” he sneered.
When Bucky let go and sat down to eat he told him "You didn't have to do my laundry.  I appreciate it."
“Was it nice?”
“Thank you.” she sang, leaning down to kiss both his cheeks.  (They did that every time they saw each other.  Tony absolutely adored Carol.)
“Sure.  He’s just so extra.  You know Tony...” Steve said, rolling his eyes, “Plus, Bucky here is staying with me for a little while so I can’t really start nesting yet.”
The next morning, when Bucky woke up he expected Steve to be cooking breakfast after his run with Sam.
Rolling his eyes, Steve obliged.
Natasha shrugged, “How old were you when your mom passed?”
Steve unbuckled his belt, focusing on the task at hand.
“Must have been caught up in the moment.  Me and the girls were having too much fun, I guess.”
“What do you want?” asked Tony calmly, but still sounded nervous.  “You can have anything.  I could tell you where I keep all my watches, everyth-.”
“I love you.” Bucky groaned.
“You’re right, Buck.” he sighed, “I could get help from Tony and we could figure this whole thing out.”  Steve put the empty glass back on the table.
Pulling him back he kissed Tony deeply, sucking on his bottom lip and licking into his mouth, even pulling his hair a little.
“Did you order the Chinese food?” Carol asked her boyfriend, “I’m so hungry.”  She joined her man on the loveseat and kissed his cheek.
“O-Okay…” said Marco between sniffs, “best of luck out there.”
"Well I didn't have a place to stay, not where I was welcome." Shrugged Bucky.
Steve people watched from his bench, “Yeah, I know.  She deserves to be happy.”
"What're you up to tonight?  Still going out with Nat?"
“Huh!” sighed Steve.
Marco giggled, “I know.  I didn’t think this meant we were...whatever again.  I mean, I just changed my life path.  I am definitely not stable enough for something serious right now either.”
Dressed in the deep navy cable knit sweater, Steve made him a big old fashioned breakfast that morning.  There was bacon, eggs, toast, fruit, and hashbrowns all plated impressively at the dining table.  Tony came in and saw the man already sitting at the table, pouring coffee into both of their mugs.
Steve was at work on his lunch break with his 2 best friends he had there, Natasha and Wanda.  The three of them were complaining about their boss while opening their lunches they brought.
Steve couldn’t focus at work for the rest of the day, nervous in the back of his mind.
Continuing to cry, Steve nuzzled his cheek against Bucky’s soft skin on his muscular pec.
“You don’t have to do that, Buck.” said Steve, smiling and shaking his head.
“Oh sweet, current generation or?”
Tony stepped into his lobby area but held the door open with his foot.  “I can take it for you.” he offered happily, “Thanks for bringing it all the way down here.  It’s funny they didn’t just give it to me.  I just came from the base, actually.”  He held out his hand for the gift.
“Yes you do.” mumbled Tony, cradling his boyfriend and placing kisses in his hair.  “Hey, I’ll tell you what, why don’t we go on a date to the movies tomorrow night?  We haven’t in so long and you love that.”
He decided that would be too aggressive, so he decided to try to figure out how to facilitate Bucky instead.   “I guess we should discuss what you want to do next.”
“What happened between you?  Are you two fighting?” asked Natasha, searching his watering eyes.
Bucky looked down at his phone, “It’s already 4 in the morning.”
“Oh gosh, that’s right.  Stark, was it?” he smiled back.
Tony was at his office to take care of some things.
The two of them fumbled and Steve basically leaned with both hands on Natasha’s shoulders while she braced herself on the hand rails and they reached the living room.
“Hey.” Marco says, laughing awkwardly.  He brushes back his dark bangs.  He’d shaved his hair into an almost mohawk and you could see more of his tan skin on his neck.  There had to be so much product in his semi short locks holding them in place.  He was dressed up with a clean shave,  wearing a nice blue button down shirt with a vest, tie, and jeans.  Marco’s sleeves were rolled, making his arms look bigger and stronger.
He looked so sexy.  It was hard to focus on anything but that erection digging into him.
Finally making eye contact, Bucky asked, “So you think I don’t blame myself or take partial responsibility?  I feel like shit.” He let out a bitter laugh, “You know that, right?”
“I don’t want Bucky to hear.” Tony said softly, "No way either of us could keep quiet.  You know how we get."
Wiping his face with the back of his hand, Steve shook his head and let his eyes wander around the apartment.  "Buck…" he exhaled, "I…”
Steve gave him a soft kiss and thanked him.  “Of course, sweetness.” smiled Tony,   “C’mon, let’s get in bed and drink some sleepytime tea while we look over some therapist listings.  How’s that sound?”  He agreed and followed the shorter man downstairs.
Steve read directly from the letter open in front of him, “I am being investigated for ‘conflict of interest’ and could potentially be discharged and/or terminated for ‘violating my contract’.”
“What the fuck?” he cried, “Why would you say that to me?”
“No.” whimpered Steve, looking down at his lap.  “I just found out about an hour ago.  Besides, he’s doing an inspection at his lab right now for his seminar.  I won’t even be able to see him off when he leaves tomorrow.”
It was very cold out there, Tony was in his nice coat.
A small smile appeared on Bucky’s lips, “Yea this little 8 ounces of coffee is going to help with being awake for 26 hours.”
Steve looked around the large living room to find the sliding glass door to Nat's balcony. "Patio is over there. Want some company?"
Tony nodded, “Always worried about me…” His voice was soft and loving.  “We’re celebrating, darling.  Red wine is heart healthy.  Also, I haven’t had red meat in months.  It’s okay for every once and awhile.”
A small smile washed over Steve’s face, “I just relaxed and drew a little.  I’m okay.”
"So, what do you feel like doing the rest of the night?" He asked Bucky pleasantly.
“We’re having lunch now and Buck and I were going to go job hunting.” said Steve, looking up at his friend for approval.
Natasha looked over at Wanda, “It’s his MANS.  Come on Wanda, we’ll get out of his hair.”
“Whatever you need, babe.”  Tony smiled, “If you want to do the shopping yourself and need help, me and Happy both will go with you.  It doesn’t matter.”
Steve nodded and looked out the window, appearing increasingly uncomfortable.
Natasha gave him a hug and suggested maybe he tell Tony about it.
Tony listened, nodding slightly and giving him a warm smile.  Steve shifted to lay on his side too and leaned forward to connect their lips.  “Your happiness is what I’m really responsible for.  I’m making it my life mission, actually.”
Bucky’s head shot up in surprise, “What?  Everyone?”
“I was going to meet Sam.” said Steve, still holding Tony tight against his chest.
“A little noisy, but sure.  I bet the balcony at Tony’s is much quieter.” he exhaled.
Steve looked down at his boyfriend, “You sound like you have been giving it some thought.  Usually it is safe...we were stalked.”
“Oh Steve, what did I do?  What’d I say?” Bucky asked gently, scooting toward him.
He watched Steve’s Adam’s apple bop as when the blonde man looked down and swallowed.
“Never.” promised Bucky as they pulled back.  He went to the front door and blew Steve a kiss, “Don’t eat too much takeout while I’m gone.  See ya Friday.”
Steve’s eyes widened.  He looked mortified.
Suddenly he heard a strange choked noise.  Turning off the water, Steve listened and realized it was coming from Bucky.
“Tony…” Steve said shyly, “I’ve...got to tell you something.”
Steve nodded encouragingly.
Bucky and Steve had to dance closer together as the crowd closed in around them.
Steve whispered in his ear, “Yeah, but they are probably already done and gone.  Let me take care of you, honey bun.”
Steve looked up at him, a little surprised.  “Really?”
“That’s great.” Bucky nodded.
Natasha thanked him for the compliment and made eye contact with Bucky who was skimming the room.
Knowing Tony drank the night before to get to sleep, Steve asked “Are you hungover?”
“Sure.” nodded Tony.
Squeezing the lube onto his hand, the brunette man reached gentle fingers down to Steve’s hole.  The noises his muscular blonde boyfriend was making made Tony smile and add more fingers one at a time.
Why did he have to let himself say that?
“You were only helping me.” said Bucky, “I could have stayed away and kept my hands off you.  I knew what could happen and I took the chance anyway.  Ultimately, I started this.  Don’t blame yourself.”
Nodding, Bucky told him “Yeah, my Christian name.  I’ve been called Bucky all my life.  Middle name’s Buchanon.”
“Did I say anything funny?” Steve asked, looking over at him.
“Natasha I can’t he’s happy with me I can’t do this !” Steve sighed sitting on the couch
((‘It had become a habit to sleep in the garage, to be beating up from your own family, to make food and maybe one of your family will burn you if he was in bad mood, or maybe Uncle Thor will be angry and he’ll come to but the fire in his body in me.
Tony was looking at the video that were playing he saw Bucky killing them he feels the anger in him he wanted to maybe just beat him nothing more but as he moved to him Steve hold him from behind
“What ?! What are you saying?!” Tony tried to get himself free from Steve’s grip but he couldn’t .
Bruce, Clint and Natasha stayed by his side.
“I’m not going to ask you again sweetheart. But what’s wrong Cap?” And suddenly the soft voice and the nice treatment. What a fake!
“The safety of people is more important than Tony and than his feelings Buck ! You have to stood with us ! You don’t understand I saw it ! I saw how all people were dead because of us ! Only in this way we can save them Bucky !” Wanda said and she was shaking.
Loki thought that’s Tony was kidding with him .
Rhodey, Pepper and Happy stayed with him all the time cause they know what happened to him. He felt so bad that he tried to kill him self for nothing, they kept crying for days even though he left the hospital.
Tony fell to his knees when Steve left
He missed Steve . His smile, His early morning routine, even when he fights with Tony and tells him he is not strong and he is not a hero.
“Oh ...” Was all Tony can reply .
“I’m sorry guys. I’m really sorry about what happened back there. I overreacted and I regret it. So maybe you can forgive me so we can live just like we were before?” He asked and regret it when Wanda snapped at him.
And now he had to be with Sharon to get information from her .
“Your request confirmed sir.”Jarvis said and Peter smile.
Natasha sent him a message.
Thanks for your comments, kudos and bookmarks! love ya 😻❤️♥️💋
“You noticed how he was crying and asking you to stop fighting you fuckers ?” He asked again  . There was no answer again .
Tony runs to him and hugged him . Bucky wrapped his arms around Tony before looking darkly at Thor and Steve.
He realized that Thir was talking to him but he pushed Thor and choose to fall to the ground better than being in Thor’s hands again.
“No ! N-No ! Tony Please don’t leave me ! Please don’t leave me !” Steve’s tears start falling
He looked down at Thor cause Thor was lifting him with one hand as if he weight nothing at all.
“Peter we’re just trying to help you baby. I assume you that no one will take off your suit again or do something bad to you.” Steve said and Peter can see it was true but he didn’t care right now, let them take his suit or grounded him forever.
“What ?!” Tony asked and Thor just shook his head .
huh! he’s not idiot to tell them what happened, so he just kept looking at them.
“Steve doesn’t deserve Tony “ Thor replied.
She smiled to him then she hugged him.
“Oh Shit ! I’m so close Tony !” Steve said as to tell Tony to come now and Tony did after seconds Steve followed him .
His head hurting him he touched it and shit it’s still bleeding. He was living in horror movie, Like seriously you’re uncle slam your head like you skull was made of rock!
“Nothing babe it’s not important let’s go back to sleep please?” Tony said smiling to Steve who sighed and hugged Tony .
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr Stark ?!”
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Tony asked Peter. Peter stood and ignored his father and left to his room without looking at anyone of them.
“I hate you “ Tony was surprised that he said that loud he put his hand on his mouth .
When he saw Thor sitting and looking at the sky, Tony sits beside him and Thor didn't look at him.
“My ass. I’m not going to let you do something with them!” He warned her, but she ignored him and she started touching them.
She sit beside him in Tony’s chair. What are you doing? Who are you to sit in my boyfriend’s place?! .
“You’re going to solve your problems now!” Steve snapped at them, Tony sighed and Peter  pulled himself from Tony.
Tony smiled to Peter.
Seeing Tony smiling to him and brushing Thor’s hair just after the sex , The way Tony smiled to him .
He can read the words ‘Whore, slut, bastard, bitch....etc” and the pictures are worse, he was naked and they were fucking him.
Tony chuckled and Peter raise his eyebrow at him.
“What do you want? Go to wakanda with the others.” He opened his eyes and all they can see is fire.
“When you want to talk about it, remember we’re here.” And like that Steve left him.
He pushed Tony to the wall behind them and Tony groaned from the pain in his back, but Steve doesn’t care at all. “You’re the most dirty rich child I’ve ever seen. If Howard didn’t teach you how to be polite with someone older than you then I’ll teach you! You’re such a filth person.” There’s the same look from Tony, but again he looked away. ‘Afraid of looking at me?’ Steve thought and smirked then he whispered in Tony’s ear “I’ll show you what my virgin ass in the mood for. I’ll break you Tony.” And like that he was kissing Tony who gasped and was trying to get himself free at first but then he give up and surrendered to him.
“ You can go to me instead of going to Peter but you want to destroy the avengers piece by piece and I’m not going to let that happen and you know that!” every word he said was true. They all know about it but why they just don’t admit it?!
Clint entered with two a girl with red hair and the other was looking so nervous and it’s look like they were talking about something serious.
He’s just so tired and he needs a little nap. It won’t affect anyone right? His eyes start closing and he sighed in relief then the next thing he knows that he’s a sleep.
When Bucky entered on them Tony doesn’t want anyone to see them fighting or to see Steve wants to rape him .
“N-nothing happened..” Loki sighed and he wanted to put his hand on Peter’s head so he can see the memories, but Peter stood and he was shocked,
“Well he can !” Rhodey replies
He lay his head on Peter thigh and closed his eyes.
“Please don’t give up on me Tony . Please wait for me “ Steve sighed and go to take a shower.
Tony hugged Steve and hide his face in Steve’s chest . Steve hugged him back and Tony was greatful for that .
He tried to stood but his body was refusing .
"F-frost?" Yeah he call the winter soldier Frost, while his dad calls him Winter.
Tony lifted his head and he made eye contact with Peter. They just kept looking at each other, no one of them realizing or caring about the tears that are falling from their eyes.
It’s like things are sitting back to their real places, but the only thing that was broken now is Peter. He can’t do it, maybe it’s because this is the first day for them?
He looked at Thor again and Thor was still shirtless.
<———><———>
He dropped his spoon on the floor and no one noticed him and when he gets down to get it he saw Steve holding Sharon’s hand under the table he paled and picked his spoon and suddenly he felt that he’s sick .
“Please talk about it?” Tony asked him and looked into Bruce’s eyes again. Bruce nodded to him after time passed by.
Steve laughed again at him
“FRIDAY where is Tony ?! “ Steve asked
"Don't. Talk. To. Him. Like. THAT AGAIN!"
“You should grow up and accept the fact that you had slept for 70 years and stop crying about it Cap” Steve’s eyes widened at what Tony said and that’s it.
Bucky turned to them and they looked away from him .
How are you doing guys I really missed you. Hope you’ll enjoy <3
Sam was not in agreement with him that’s  true but he was sometimes nice with Tony.
And he did, She wrapped her arms around him and he rested his head on her shoulder. He realized he missed being touched and being warm. The last time Natasha touched him was in the garage when she was pressing her heel on his chest, he closed his eyes and took deep breath.
His body was hurting him he’s not strong enough and it’s seems it’ll take maybe 2 months and he’ll be ok again oh that’s if nobody beats him again.
He looked at the clear sky, it was cold night and the worst thing was he is alone.
He saw her smirking and he can feel his blood is boiling.
“Birds of love come and eat “ Natasha said to them and Sharon giggled before she pulled him to eat .
“The whore is here.” Wanda snorts and start clapping. He felt it was a slap to his face.
So he pushed Tony's shoe from him and when he stood by accident he pushed Tony what gots him to be slapped again.
“It’s hurt Tony... make it stop please! I know I’m nothing without the serum, I know that I’m a weak person, but please Tony? I– I hate to see his face in pain in my dreams and I hate to see her face in my dreams cause they’re always in pain and it’s because of me.” Tony’s heart broke and he cupped Steve’s face so now they were looking at each other and then he kissed him. The kiss was hot and Soon they were both naked and Steve was leaving bruises every where.
Tony’s tears fall and Steve looked at him
“Who did this to you Tony?!” Bruce asked again but this time calmer.
Loki had left because Frigga asked his presence so he apologized to Tony and left.
"What a hell to live.." He mumbled and left the room.
He go to him and he couldn’t control himself when he slapped Tony .
“I can’t believe they did that to him.” Bruce shakes his head and Thor sighed.
He starts to panic who the hell is she? And where's everyone? The girl didn't look so dangerous but she looks scary enough and Peter was smart so he decided to have a talk with her before attacking her.
"We... sometimes me, Tony and Bucky see Peter being hurt because of us all. We hurt him, we had burned him and did horrible things to him even me and you brother were about to r-..." Loki sighed he can't even finish the word.
If Tony’s dead then he’ll kill him self. He can’t imagine doing that to Tony, the nicest person he ever seen. He gave them a home, he fed them, he gave them the warmth they’ve been missing and yet what did they give him in return? Nothing.
•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•
They kept sharing his videos and Tony immediately fainted because of it.
Once Thor left him, he fall to the ground coughing and trying to breath. His hand was touching his throat and he closed his eyes to prevent his tears from falling.
“FRIDAY? Baby can you see where is Steve and What he’s doing?”
“I love you” Tony said and Steve didn’t replied he just kissed him back .
"He did nothing! He never hurted anyone on purpose and even if he did then it's meant you're the bad guys." He smirked when she frowned.
His kid was fine but he doesn’t know why those dreams always come to him. But the worst they’re coming to him even when he’s awake.
That was his only question.
"Tony she deserves it. If it weren't you the one who killed her then it'll be Steve or me. Or Natasha cause she's ready to kill everyone." Loki put a comforter hand on Tony's shoulder, who just nods.
But when he walked past Tony, he grabbed his wrist and Peter was looking at Tony with wide eyes. “D-dad?” He was afraid that Tony’ll beat him or something else but Tony took a deep breath and cupped Peter’s face. Peter technically closed his eyes.
As you can see... I tried to make it the last chapter but I couldn’t.. I wrote this chapter two times and I’m ok with this one. Thanks for your kudos and comments ♥️💋 love ya all
Bruce was cleaning the cuts and Tony was avoiding to contact their eyes together.
His teammates are overprotective over him.
He go and shoot two other guards.
He was about to leave when Tony called after him.
"Are you alright ?" The voice of Nebula brought him out of his thoughts, and he smiled to her . What happens to him ? Why he’s so kind and good with her ?
“Are you happy now ?! Thor The god of thunder , The king of Asgard and The strongest avenger congrats for you ! You wanna take him huh ? “ Steve was about to have a fight with Thor and that’s surprised Tony .
But when Tony was here they did their plain
Tony opened his eyes to see Steve standing at the door and their eyes met but Steve left the place.
"You're going to see yourself. Soldiers!!" She called three soldiers wearing a symbol of Hydra. She jerked her head towards him and then he was being lifted off the chair by his hair and getting kicked in his rips.
There was alot of people outside.
Tony smacked Thor’s head.
Tony hide his face in Steve’s chest and Steve hugged Tony .
“Woah ! You want me to play that dirty game on the love of my life ?! Huh hell NO !” Steve said and he wanted to go but she pulled his wrist to stop him
Everyone was shocked and quite until the doctor came out with Bruce from the room Tony's staying at.
They had seen how he refused to tell anything about them and never give up even when he was raped over again and again and again.
“I mean I put the blame all on you while I’m the one who was a bad leader. It wasn’t your fault or Natasha’s, it was mine. I’m sorry Tony of course you won’t forgive me so I’ll just go and lea–”
“Stark, you’re officially out of the team.” Tony froze when Steve said it.
his father was never proud of him and now he wants Tony to join the military. He could hear his parents arguing in the other room. His mother wanted him to be a doctor while his father wanted him to be with like his friend(A Captain).
He stood and when he was about to go out the room Steve entered they looked at eachother .
Thor and Loki? What are they doing? Why they’re here? There’s nothing to do right here, they should be in Wakanda away from him. He’s weak, he can’t save them if something bad happened, hell he couldn’t save himself.
God, what happened?
“Steve is cheating on him “ Loki replied and Thor’s jaw dropped. Bruce laughed
“No, Tony, we’re not leaving you. You’re not alone anymore.” Bruce spoke softly and tried to reach him, but Tony took steps away.
"Ah, you are suffocating me! get off me !” Tony was trying to push Thor off but Thor put all the weight of his body on Tony.
The End !
“What you think you’re doing?! I’m really pissed off with you! You’re nothing! You’re worthless! Without Howard’s money you’ll be dead by now! But you’re so lucky that the people around you dies and you’re still here ready to kill another good people.” He heard them before talking to him like that so he just rolled his eyes and waited for Clint to finish his talk so he can go and drink beer.
Once Tony saw Steve looking at them he stopped laughing. And damn he had been afraid of Steve’s look .
“You slept for over a three months “ Steve replied
“I’m really happy to have you guys ! I’m really happy to have Steve in my life “ he leaned and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder but yet he never missed how Natasha and Steve shared a look between them then Natasha smiled to him and he was sure now that there’s something wrong.
“There’s something else “ Tony said and Bucky nodded to him so he can continue.
He felt safe again but this feeling was taken away from him when Tony pulled his hair and they were laughing on him.
He should be strong and take his friend away from them.
Why no one chose him? They always choose people on him.
Tony under him shaking and Steve wasn’t shaking instead he felt so warm that he just wanted to kiss Tony over and over again, but Tony gets away from him and start wearing his clothes he smiled to Steve and Steve was looking at him.
"Clint is everything ok?" He asks cause he feels something is wrong and Clint nodded.
He opened his eyes and found Tony kneeling in front of them.
“I promise “ He promised him and Tony told him everything.
"Welcome back, May." Loki whispers in her ear and then she yawned again and fall asleep.
He groaned and cum inside Tony and soon after him Tony followed his suit, they both fall to the ground.
Everything stopped and he was panting and trying to get his breath back, he can feel the blood running from his nose and mouth,She came closer to him and grasped his chin to force him looking at her.
Natasha asked him if he was ok and like always he’ll say that he’s ok even when he’s not .
Just when Tony was about to kiss him Thor stood and walked to the window .
Tony jolted and was surprised
“I miss you” Steve said and kissed him deeply. Tony sighed in the kiss and Steve smiled.
“Tony babe ? you sure you’re ok ?” Steve asked him he really was worried about him but Tony gave him that look again. But again he smiled that faked smile and it’s started to pissed Steve.
The other reason is Wanda, when everytime she see him then she'll say something bad and mean to him and definitely he'll ignore her.
As you can see I added the tag that you wanted it and Guys anything makes you uncomfortable just say it.
“No . I mean yeah there’s but in our sections only the two of you.” Clint answered him and Tony nodded smiling to him.
=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•
Peter starts waking up and the headache is killing him, god knows what she has done to him and why he's feeling like there's some serious injury inside him.
“The demons won’t blush like that you dummy “ Bucky said ruffling Tony’s hair.
“Steve ? Thor ? Please stop it “ Tony pleaded them but they ignored him .
"Eww did you just seriously were having sex and come and touch me and dares to touch my son?!" Tony asked and faking being offended.
“He.. He was anger, broken, scared and there’s alot of other emotions I couldn’t recognize them. I don’t feel like it was just a sex.” When she spoke everyone turned to her.
His tears start running down his face again, he pouted like a child and run to hug his uncle but to his surprise Thor shoved him away and he fall on his back.
It’s until Natasha gets shot. Tony froze, but he was surprised that Clint ordered her to get up and move. She’s been shot because of him. If only he didn’t move back there, this wouldn’t happen.
He smiled and wiped his tears from his cheeks.
Best wishes,
Thor nodded to him and Steve sighed.
until now .
"You're pathetic! Don't call me 'brother' cause I'm not your fucking brother! You never made me feel like I was a son or a brother in that home! I don't wanna go back!" Loki shouts back and Tony felt a disturbance for them.
Bucky cupped Tony’s cheeks to let him look into his eyes.
Bucky smirked to him and put his head between Peter’s shoulder and neck. He breathed Peter’s scent and sighed. Peter was only shocked his body refused to move.
Natasha , Clint, Wanda , Vision and Bucky were sitting in silence.
“Y-you don’t have to s-stay with me “ Tony said and he was really a mess crying and hiding his face in Thor’s pillow.
“S-Steve ! it’s ok I k-know I will die ... But Let me tell you th-this please “ Tony said tighten his grip around Steve
And now they were whipping him cause he tried to run and suddenly he felt something is coming out of his back.
"I'm..." He stopped to collect his breath, "I'm not fine Peter, after what I've done to you and what you went through because of me. I would never be good." Tony looked at his lap while his hand never stopped brushing Peter's hair.
“I’m sorry baby! Why didn’t you tell us so soon about it!?” Pepper said and started to play with his hair, at first he tensed up but then he let her.
“Tony ? Let’s go to bed I don’t want you to be sick “ Steve said .
Stephan hugged him tightly and Smiled Peter started coughing.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony! What are you doing here!" Steve couldn't help, but pull his husband aside.
“You’re going to work on the suits ? seriously Tony ?” Bruce said rolling his eyes and Tony nodded he was about to say
Thor smiles softly to him and Tony turned his head away from Thor.
He can hear Tony and Steve arguing about him but he needs to be alone right now.
"I.. I still care about you all and– and because I care about you, I'll leave the compound to you. You don't have to leave."  He looked up at Thor who was still pinning him, but there's something in Thor's eyes and it's the same for Loki and Steve.
“You mean The spider kid ? “ Steve asked and Tony nodded
Thanks guys. I hope you liked this chapter. <3
Peter was losing his power once he saw the cold eyes starting to look at him like he was a stranger.
"Tony go with Loki, and Bruce you can let Hulk smash them all." Steve ordered them.
He stayed by his side anyway, the place alone would freak the kid out.
He reads this message for over thirty times and finally, he sighed and looked at the clock it was 7:00pm, good it’s time to send this message now.
Bucky nodded to him.
"N-no! You're not doing this!" She laughed and they put him in the chair and tied him again.
“Well I’ll put my money that he can’t!” Sam said
was he really this worthless?
"Pops? Dad?" They looked at him and Steve dismissed him with a wave of his hand.
He was sitting on the floor with his back leaning on the bed and he was thinking about everything happened to him. What he did was wrong.. soo wrong! He could tell them a lie but why he choose to shut his fucking mouth! He hid his face with his shaking hands and sighed.
"Uncle Loki!!" His face couldn't help but beaming at Loki and Bucky walking together.
“Really? You can do better than this one I know that.” Tony was teasing him.
“Stark for gad’s sake Move!” Clint’s voice snapped him out of his zone, he nods and move.
“Cause she was healing the wizard and he never gets older because she’s always give him her blood . And when she has become a human he died . She heard of Stephan and go to him but for sorry he doesn’t know what the spell was . “ Loki sighed again .
They all know how Tony is the weakest one in the team and yet all the team was against him. Why nobody wants to be there with him?
Tony was looking at the ground and felt the tears burning his eyes.
Steve took steps to them and chuckled, he never liked anyone of them cause they were Tony’s ex.
He sitted down between Thor and Steve like always, Bucky gave him orange juice while Thor was about to put food for him when Tony stopped him.
“FRIDAY ? Where’s the rest of the avengers? “ Tony asked and there was a pause before FRIDAY replied to him
“Tony will come to the room in five minuets and when he comes you’ll say that you want her and you can’t stay with him” Natasha said and he was shocked
There’s an houre before Steve will wake up, so first off all he had to do was making pancakes for him.
"D-dad?" Tony nodded and Peter looked down at his shoes then he go to his dad.
“I need to talk with you “ he sighed and go down to see her .
He can feel everything they said bout him was true.
“Petty humans “ Thor said rolling his eyes .
“Hey babe” Steve welcomed him and Tony kissed him . Steve was really missing Tony and in the same time feel guilty. He fucked Tony hard that he was sure Tony is hurting and in so much pain. When they finish Steve tried to keep looking at him but he can’t! He was cheating on Tony and Tony looking at him as if he was a god!
Uncle Stephan? I’m scared, please take me away. I don’t want to live anymore, I think I’ll kill my self- or better say if they’ve known about you receiving a message from me? We’ll both be dead. I tried to contact with Jarvis or Friday but they’ve never responded back. Please uncle once you receive this come and save me. please? And if it was too late for me? Don’t feel sorry about me Uncle cause this is not your fault.
“I’m not keeping you right?” Steve sucked on his earlobe, eliciting a moan from Tony.
Bucky was being rude and almost unapologetic so that Steve would be offended instead of seeing any of his desire reciprocated.  It was a typical thing Bucky did to needy people he fucked in High School and College/The Military.  Be a dick so they leave you alone.
It breaks Bucky’s heart.  “Fuck,” he whispered, “I don’t want to be like this.  I don’t want you to feel worse.  I just...don’t know how else to get my point across.  You make me weak.”
“Yeah I’m. Thanks babe “ Tony replied and kissed Steve’s cheek .
He turned to face Sharon again.
He started thrusting hard into Tony not caring about breaking Tony at all cause he wanted to break him in the first place, but it’s surprised him when Tony start talking and he stopped thrusting and he was just looking at Tony “You were hero before the serum Steve. You have saved a lot of souls that day and you suffer alone in the ice. You didn’t deserve what happened there and what happened with Bucky and aunt Peggy wasn’t your fault cause she told me how much she was in love with you. She told me how much strong you’re. Howard told me that you’re the best person and no one of them lied about you ca– ah!” He couldn’t finish because Steve started thrusting again, but this time harder and rougher. Tony was holding on him so tight.
“I gotcha!” Thor said and he was smiling to Peter and Peter was only looking at him with wide shocked eyes.
He gasped and everyone turned to him he started taking steps back.
"Aunt nat I'm sorry I didn't mean to..."
“You know what’s your problem Tony?” She asked him and he pushed her off.
“Why this is not working? Why I can’t have my wings!” She started to panic and Tony snorted.
He sighed and stood and leaned on the car.
“I was enjoying the show !” Loki groaning .
"You know I asked your dad the same question and he was in pain... you know what was his answer?" She asked and he looked at her and she continued "He said 'Always' just like you... I know you're in pain Pete just tell me what happened... don't tell me what happened actually, but tell me who's the reason behind everything and I promise you I won't tell anyone and I'll take care of everything just please Petey?" He shook his head and stood. He knows that if he tell her now then he'll have to stop her from killing them.
Tony on the ground with blood all over the snow.
"I can't wait anymore. I need to get them back. I don't know what's happening to Peter and Bucky. Even though Winter is so friendly with us, that doesn't mean they can't control him again."  Tony said and tried to free his forearm from Steve's tight grip.
He woke up when cold water was on his face he jolted away and looked at Bucky who was holding glass of (was) water and now it’s empty.
But What about me ? He was about to ask him that but he just kept looking at them . his friends were clapping and whistling for them .
“What time was it when we slept?” Tony asked and Thor chuckled
He walked to his room and Rhodey following right behind just as the door closed he threw himself at Rhodey who hugged him.
When Tony was working on Peter’s new suit there was a knock on the door.
Just when he remembers his father’s hands on him and how his father was abusing and raping him he just feels so disgusted with himself.
"D-dad??" And there's no response from anyone. He stood and walked to the door put it was slammed open before he can reach it.
“CAN you explain WHY you haven’t been in your SCHOOL FOR MONTH!” Tony was in a second in front of him.
“Oh yeah and you deserve him ?” Bucky asked again and Thor didn’t answer.
“Boss, mr Rhodes is calling.” Friday said and Tony waved with his hand  and Rhodey showed from the screen. He smiled to Tony and Tony was smiling back to his bestfriend. Then he glared at the other three and the warnings in his eyes were so obvious.
“Bruce what’s wrong?” Tony asked turning his head to face Bruce
He sighed and was thinking why suddenly all of this start to show up to him ? First Steve and second the rest of the avengers and now this problem?!
“Oh yeah ?” Bruce followed Tony’s eyes and look at Steve .
Peter couldn't help but laugh.
Where’s Rhodey? He needs him alot . But Rhodey had married and they hadn’t seen him again. He missed him so much .
Steve hold him before he falls
“I saw them Bruce “ Tony replied to him his voice is low .
And Steve? They could be beautiful together again but it was the impossible love. Their love will never be completed.
The door was opened again, but to show the Winter soldier.
“I found the love of my life finally! And I want to spend the rest of my life with her !” Steve said and Tony’s heart stopped beating.
Steve was talking with Thor
The door opened and Shuri walked out, Strange and Bruce following her.
“Bruce ? Can you see if there’s a wound or anything else here ?” Tony asked Bruce who just nodded and When Tony took of his T-shirt Bruce was speachless .
He saw Natasha she was sitting on the bed waiting for him. They smiled to eachother and ahe patted the place next to her so he can sit next to her.
“Thanks budy “ Steve said smiling to Thor
Peter tenses at first but then he relaxed and started drinking his own orange juice.
“Damn it Stop!! Stop it! Peter please! NO!”
After that Natasha asked promotion to enter the lab and when she entered she pushed him against the wall and kissed him.
He hadn’t noticed Thor’s arm around his waist.
when he was sitting on his chair reading a book and all he think about was Tony . And he was surprised that Tony come to him and he couldn’t help but smile . Nat you’re so wrong Tony won’t give up on me .
and Steve smiling to him
Even when there was events Tony was making out with different girls infront of him and then in the next morning he’ll say that he’s sorry and thats he was drunk.
After that they kept talking and most of the times Steve will roll his eyea and he was thankful that this was a call and not face to face .
“Alright you can go now . Natasha I need to talk to you “ Nick said and Steve left the place to just breath cause he can’t breath there’s no air in his lungs.
“Y-you are my friend “ Tony said his eyes watering
Loki was fighting with everyone, he stabbed his brother two times and Thor was silent and weak.
“W-what is this shit Peter?” Tony asked and Peter sirs and pulled the blanket to his body again and ignored his dads.
“F-Fuck off ! W-why you’re here !” Tony shouted on him he was breathless like there’s no air in his lungs
It’s been 8 days and finally Tony is a wake, but to find out that everyone knows that he was raped.
“ I’m the god of thunder. I’m the king of Asgard. I’m the strongest avenger . Do you know me now ?” Thor asked Steve and he pulled Tony behind him . That’s surprised Steve more and more he felt his heart was about to stop .
“I love you Sharon and I don’t love him . I was with him only because of I’ve hurted him alot . And now I can’t waste the love of my life for him “ Steve said kissing Sharon .
Steve closed his eyes remembering all the bad times between them and how many times Steve wanted to slam Tony to the wall and kiss him hard. And god, he wishes they could go back in time so he can kiss Tony and tell him how much he loves him, but the Time is not on their side, why wasn't him who should die? Why it's Tony? Tony have a family and a beautiful daughter, but Steve...Steve was a man out of time.
“It’s ok if you can’t walk Beloved.” Tony nodded and let the two gods take him away. He was ready for them to storm him with their shouts and their mean words. And he knows that he deserves it.
When they finish he go to the bathroom. Sharon had left to her house and Steve decided to take a shower .
‘BE STRONG.
He sighed and cleaned his blood then his legs technically leads him to the garage. He knows that he should be strong to face them again.
He was thinking abouteverything (Peter,Hydra,Sharon,Steve,Strange, Natasha and alot of other things) But he didn’t mean to fall a sleep and his head resting on Stephan’s hand.
“I know you never heard me saying that I love you . But actually I adore you Tony . You’re my everything babe . I wish you know that “ Steve kissed Tony for the last time and he left .
“Steve ? Be strong for him “ Sam said and Steve snorted.
He felt Steve nudjing him, he looked at him and Steve smiled, he couldn't help but smiling back and squeezing Steve's hand that never left his.
"Bring me home to Thor" Tony leaned on Thor who did not say anything and took Tony to the car.
He didn't notice that he wasn't breathing until he felt the winter soldier pulling him to his chest. He couldn't hug him back but he could smell the comfort in Bucky's clothes.
“B-but you must be despaired ! how ?” Tony asked looking at Stephan
Tony’s tears fall he was so much hurt from Bucky and Steve and his Parents
They go outside and Tony used the chance and go out.
Why they’re looking at him like he was a parasite! Did he do something wrong? No matter what is it he’ll apologize for it.
Tony rises his eyebrow and Steve ignored him while shivers run down his body again. He was freezing and Tony is a pain in the ass right now.
Steve smiled to him and picked him up in bridal style.
“Well Today at 8 pm we’ll see !” Natasha said smiling
“Yeah ?” He didn’t even bother himself to see who entered his workshop.
“Tony?!”Steve warned him and Tony ignored him .
Steve was the only reason that he’s still a live . Now there’s no Steve and that’s mean there’s no life .
“Friday, what the fuck?!”
Steve was thinking in Tony. all that happened just because of him . And even when Tony is sick he’ll be between Steve’s arms and now Tony was hiding his sickness from him . He wasn’t fighting for him . Or better say he stopped fighting for Steve.
Steve hugged him and both of them where under the water
He wishes that he can say sorry for them and let everything come back like first.
Or that what he was trying to convince himself.
his family would hurt him like that .
“Any explain?” He asked
He was walking to the elevator when he bumped into Thor who prevented him from falling to the ground.
It’s going to be a hell of a week.
he looked at the ground
Thanks for your comments and kudos guys. As you can see there’s one chapter left And I’m not convinced with this chapter. It was completed before days, but I was busy with exams and this is the last week for exams. Thanks again love ya <3
“What ?! What are you saying?!” Tony tried to push Steve away from him but he failed doing that .
“Tony what’s wrong in what you were dreaming?” Steve asked but Tony shaked his head and kissed Steve’s hand again
“Was it Natasha? Or Clint?” Bruce asked him and Tony sighed again.
"Yeah, I do." His tears never stopped falling and he didn't protested when Bucky pulled him into a bearhug.
He already knows the answer .
"So what? You can be together?" She asked and forced Peter into another wave of pain.
Once Peter saw Tony he hugged him and cried between Tony’s arms .
He was trying to fight him but when Loki cuffs him he became so much helpless.
<———><———>
“My treatment is working on our new suits “ he said it as if it was a joke or anything else funny and yeah he was making his health as a joke
She rested her forhead on his shoulder when they broke the kiss.
“Good morning “ He said his voice is low but he smiled to her and she smiled back
"Everything is over "
He was so defensive cause he attacked her and he got some kicks in return.
“I’ll make more breakfast cause ya know..” Peter points at Bucky and Bruce who were fighting for food.
Peter looked around him, damn! his blood is mess on the floor. He winced when he tried to stood.
“Cause you’re half demon and half angel “ Loki said sighing.
“I can’t believe you did that Tony.” Oh, no, it was the disappointment voice. The captain is disappointed. “And I thought that you were pure. But I was wrong, you’re so filthy and I can’t trust you being here to be with the team. And I thought what was happening between us was a thing, but I was wrong; you only loved it when someone use you.” He felt like the shield was breaking his arc reactor again, He wanted to scream and tell them that they are wrong, but if they know they’ll hate him more.
Then when Tony entered the room he looked at them but his smile was there . His fake smile. He was looking at his plate when he felt sharon is holding his hand under the table he smiled to her and hold her hand too . He was busy laughing with Sharon but when he saw Tony’s pale face and he was looking at him but Steve couldn’t read it . He just moved from her and nudge Natasha who understood .
“So lovers boys ? I’ll come back later alright?” Tony moved back and his smile never lefts his face.
“FORGIVE YOU?! You want us to forgive you after what you did to us! We were in the jail because of you! We were running for two years and half because of you! You’re the reason of everything bad happened! Why you’re not dead yet! You’re such a fucking whore that plays with money and soon all of people will see that! You’re worthle-” she couldn’t finish cause Loki throw a knife that cuts a few from her hair.
“No, Barnes. Anyway I made a new arm for you. I have contact with Shuri and we did it at the end. Now when ever you want to try it just tell me.”
Clint kissed Tony’s forhead and Bucky kept brushing Tony’s hair.
Now they were all sitting watching movies. Thor was laying and his head resting on Tony’s thigh. While Loki was resting his head on Tony’s shoulder and Bruce was sitting on the floor and Thor was playing with his hair. They felt safe together, but yet there’s something missing. And all of them missing the team even Tony.
“I’ll “ that was the green light for Thor to kiss him deeply.
“And who are you?” Quill asked.
Tony sitted on his bed and started doing the same thing Loki was doing.
“Please delete everything happened in the house for the past month and don’t leave anything.”
"Nothing between us!" Frost said glaring at her and she glares back.
“Peter, what happened? Why you’re so scared? Did we do something wrong to you?” ‘Of course we did.’ Loki thoughts but he just waited for him to say what happened.
“Hey Wanda. What’s with your nose? Don’t stick it with something you don’t know about.” Natasha retorted and with the glares that she was giving to Wanda.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Steve was too much busy looking at Tony’s waist thanks to Thor’s arm .
He saw how Steve’s back moved as if someone pointed the gun to him.
Tony sighed and stood he walked to Steve
but he decided to just kept sleeping here .
“Babe go back to your bed you’re still tired you scared me “ Steve said kissing Tony’s hand and Tony was about to roll his eyes and tell him to shut up but he just smiled to him .
“Relax babe . We slept for 8 hours. Don’t worry “ he winked to him and Tony rolled his eyes again.
Captain Steve Rogers and he was really angry.
“A family.In the next coming days “ She said kissing Steve again and Steve kissed her back .
“Fri-“
he opened his phone and start reading about them .
He did not notice that Nebula was holding his shoulder and she was talking but he could not hear her.
He did everything for them and what did he costs?
She crocked eyebrow “Really? Then why you stormed off the room like that?”
Peter just hopes they'll find them.
“Look I will talk with the rest of the avengers and we will make sure to keep him away from you and we will keep him distracted “ Natasha said and Steve sighed im relief .
He saw Tony laughing on Loki and Clint and hearing his laugh warmed Steve’s heart . But the way Tony and Thor smiled to eachother makes him wants to throw up .
He wakes up screaming, He still can feel their hands on him. His body was on fire thanks to Thor for whipping him.
She just shook her head smiling fondly at him.
Tony moved smiling like idiot he saw Steve Shocked face his eyes is wide open and he was breath less
He was surprised to see Loki,Clint and the girl with the red hair fighting professionally.
“Yes he’s sitting with Thor and Bruce “ Bucky answers him .
He rubbed his eyes and stood.
He felt shivers run down his body when thunderstorms hit the place. He would think it’s Thor, but now he’ll say it’s just a thunder.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter ignored them all and started pushing Steve away.
He doesn’t know where’s the two gods and Bruce.
"Tony calm down." Bruce ordered but no one listens to him except Steve who tried to push his husband back.
“Jesus! Man you scared me !” Tony said taking deep breath.
Where’s Steve? Is he fucking her in our bed again? or maybe in the bathroom like the first time ? Yeah thanks to FRIDAY that showed him when Steve and Sharon started to be together and cheating on him . But yet he hadn’t seen Natasha or the others . Was Bruce distracting him too ? But , Bruce was telling him to go and rest between Steve’s arms cause he saw Tony like this so sick and so quiet.
Bruce chuckled (it was fake even to his ears) and then he realized that he was still
and once Steve was near him he kissed him and Steve kissed him back
but deep down there’s a voice told him that Steve isn’t in love with him
“No ! No you don’t!!” Tony shouted but they can’t hear him .
Everyone is tired, they all are fighting like this is their last fight. He can't blame them, cause Peter's their sunlight.
He smiled to them and nodded to Thor and let him know he was ready for death.
There’s a silence
after Tony calmed between Bucky’s arms .
“Bruce! Let’s take this to my room, Yeah?”  Bruce ignored him and kept nipping his shoulder, he bites him again when Tony tried to move and Tony cried out, but yet it’s was turning him on.
Tony couldn’t help noticing how muscular Peter was, how his beautiful brown eyes stared up at him when he was explaining something to the boy.  It was obvious the young intern was hanging on his every word.  It was nice to feel idolized and revered.
“We met at Natasha’s party.  He talked to me about tech all night, remember?” said Tony, trying to focus on anything but the burn in his arm.
Steve stood with his dishes, “Done.”
“No...no, I didn’t.”
There was only a bandage covering Tony’s open wound and he couldn’t take a shower.  Tony looked around the room at the tall windows and the designer furniture all around, all white.
“So, this round is actually on the house.” he announced.
“Yeah, but we don’t really hang out outside of that.” shrugged Steve, “I just had no idea you guys were even a thing.  You and I have been talking again and yet you still just...nothing.”  He shook his head and crossed his arms.
“I’m sober, actually.”
Bucky’s breath caught at that statement.  He had to clear his throat awkwardly once again, “I won’t use our history as an excuse but it is a very long and complicated one.  I met Steve when I was young and in a bad place.  I dropped back in on him because that’s what I’ve always done.  It’s unhealthy, I realize and we can’t do that anymore.”
Steve gathered the pizza box and napkins quietly and brought them into the kitchen.  While he was in there, he thought he would wash the mug and cup he used that morning.
His best and oldest friend finally came back into his life but as always carried some fresh new chaos with him.
Steve then realized he was jerking off and the picture he was using was of himself and Natasha in their bathing suits at the beach.
His heart broke even harder seeing tears start to fall silently down Tony’s cheeks.  “It obviously meant something,” sniffed Tony, “for you to do it continuously like that.”  The two of them made eye contact.  “Do you love him?”
Slowly, Bucky drops his arms and steps out the front door once again.
Tony was biting his lip and still mildly thrusting against him, his eyes closed.
“Tony,” he groaned, “we talked about military puns.”
"We don't need to make any commitments yet.  I just need to browse with you and get your input.  I kind of want our place to be a surprise when you move in."
He thought that would be enough time to let Tony cool off.
“Sure thing, honey.”  Stev said.  He met Sam at the track to run.  When they finished, they grabbed lunch together at a nearby open air food market.
“How’s Buck doing?” murmured Steve, “He seems happy a’least?”
He stood up carefully, hand still around his soft dick, and went into the kitchen to find a towel to clean up and threw it immediately in the washing machine.  Then he made his way back over to the couch to find his underwear and put them back on.
“Early, like 8:30 or something.  Everyone is usually just about gone by 11.  We’re boring office people.”
“Xstasy or the 3 dollar bill maybe?” answered Steve, spiking his hair in the front.
“Okay me too.” yawned Steve.
“Come hug me.  I should have just said yes.  Come on.” said Bucky.
Steve nodded and told him he understood.  They compromised on trying to get Tony to just boss him around next time and use his words to dominate him.
"Tell me...what you want." Groaned Steve into his ear.
Snubbing his cigarette out, Bucky backed up and put both hands on the balcony rail behind him.  He kept his eyes down at the pavement as he said “I don’t even know if we can be friends right now.”
Steve smiled back and gave him a chaste kiss.
When they finished eating, Steve emptied the last of the bottle of wine into his glass, waiting for the big question to come.
Oh fuck.
Feeling a little intoxicated himself, Bucky pulled back and smacked Steve’s left cheek rather hard.
Tony heard the muffled retching noises and sauntered in to make sure Steve was alright.  Steve was shaking as he hovered over the toilet on his knees.  His back was spasming as he held back gags.
Steve replied “I will make something fancy to celebrate.  :)”
The paramedics told Tony he was fortunate that it seemed to be a 35 caliber bullet that hit him so the exit wound was small but he would still need an x-ray.  There was also a possibility of surgery.
“That’s true.” said Steve weakly, “Just don’t give me a pass, Tony.  I don’t deserve it.”
"Need some water, babe?" Asked Tony.
Steve picked at his lunch as he turned his attention back to the man on the phone, “Sorry, babe.  I’m here.”
“That’s the plan.  Therapy is supposed to help me work my way to that point.”  When he said that, his face went from sad to worse.
“Steve…” whined Tony, struggling against his handcuffs.
“Steve.” he said firmly, their eyes meeting once again.  All Bucky got as a response was his friend’s expectant face.  “I think you know what almost happened yesterday.”
“I appreciate your concern, Platypus.” smiled Tony, “I know it’s out of love,  and I love you too, alright? ”  "I just hope you know what you're doing."   Just then Carol and Steve re-emerged into the living room.
His expression changed from irritation to sympathy when he saw Steve.  “Baby.” he breathed, sounding exasperated.
That was definitely her way of taking a jab at Bucky.
“Why not?” asked Tony.
Steve could lie to himself but he knew why he gave in to Bucky.  Other than their undeniable leftover feelings, Steve remembered that he would give it to him rough and dirty, something Tony was really hesitant to do.
Tony was straddling him kissing down Steve’s chest, taking his time and pushing his ass against the hard cock leaking behind him.
Steve pouted back and whined that yes he did.
***Almost two weeks later***
Sitting up to push Steve backward, he grabbed both his legs and slipped him onto his back.  Looming over the bigger man, Bucky kissed up and down his neck, moaning at the taste of him.
Scott’s phone rang right after that.  It was his ex wife and she asked him if he could pick up his daughter early.  He agreed and apologized before taking off.
Steve turned to look at him through the glass door over his shoulder.  Tony was already shirtless and starting to take off his pants.  “Shit.” he groaned, echoing against the tile and marble counters “I can’t fucking handle you at this angle.”
As Steve picked up his fork, his boyfriend stopped him.  He gave him a brief kiss, making a loud smooch.
“Not sure.” Bucky responded, “I just would never give you the option, no matter how I felt about it.  Does that make sense?”
He was also happy to tell him some good news.
As they arrived at the apartment building, Bucky had to wake up his friend and get him out of the cab.
(Bucky apologized of course, but Steve insisted it was fine.)
“Right.  I honestly thought I was annoying you...like I have been too needy lately.”  (And cockblocking you from Nat.)
Bucky rolled out of bed and started to stretch when he heard a text come through.  It made noise, so it couldn’t be from he-who-must-not-be-thought-about.
“I’ll hit up the store before you get back.” smiled Steve, “Good luck with the meeting.”  He leaned closer to Tony, looking expectant for a goodbye kiss.
Steve didn’t have to go in until 9:30.  Tony started work at 10.
They practically grinded on each other just like the rest of the men and women around them.
Goosebumps started to spread all over the larger man’s skin while he hugged the couch pillow under him and closed his eyes.
“What happened with your dad?” Steve asked.
Knowing he might scream, Steve covered his mouth and grabbed the towel to catch Tony's release, which came suddenly and was quite explosive.
Lately they’d been spending most of their time in the suite, hanging out in front of the TV.  They started a series together about superheroes and both would work on their tablets while discussing the show, just like their old routine.
It impressed Steve as well as turned him on even more to hear the dirty talk grumbled into his ear.  Usually he would have to ask.  “I…shit...love
“I have been worried about you too.” said Bucky, “Since that asshole broke into your place.  That’s what I dream about.  Losing you forever without...getting to say goodbye.”  His voice cracked as he started to cry.  In a flash Steve was kneeling down in front of him on the carpet. “Hey, hey...Buck, I’m okay.  Tony will be okay too.”
Steve got flustered for a second and dropped his chopsticks.  He paused then took a sip of his water.  “I have anti-anxiety and sleeping pills...for my panic attacks and nightmares.  That’s all.”
It felt too good for Bucky not to kiss back.  “I take it your interview went well?” he laughed.
Bucky said he would silence his contact for a little while because they both needed a longer break from each other.
She called him.  He answered with “Did he tell you anything about this?”
The main General person in charge of this case said, “If you wish to withdraw your company from our contracts, Mr.Stark, we would be happy to have our lawyers speak with yours.”
Bucky was already putting a cigarette in his mouth, "Sure, punk."
Bucky responded via text “That’s good.  It would feel better to talk to someone else.  I’m glad.”
“You smell so good.” she complimented.
Tony was a little surprised Bucky wanted to know more about him as well.
It was obvious to Steve that his friend was nervous.
Bucky went stiff then looked down casually to keep eating, “Wow.”
“How long would you leave for?”
“Shit.” Steve muttered.
Steve got up to make breakfast since he didn’t have to go to Manhattan for another 4 hours.
“Sure did.  I think you have a fan.”
Bucky sighed, “I missed you so much.”
The bigger man slipped down Tony’s body and pulled out his cock to suck him off.
“Yeah.” he nodded, “I’ll come get you with Rhodey.  We’ll grab dinner together, the 3 of us.”
“Did Nat talk to you?”
“I missed you too.” said Steve, hugging him back.
“Well, I hope things go better for you and your family.”
"Yeah. Had to wait until I was 28, lose my Mom, and an arm, but he finally did." smiled Bucky.
“Can we stay like this for a minute?”
“What?  No, she just...doesn’t ever commit.  Wanda hasn’t had a real boyfriend since she was in college.”
“Sure.” he nodded.
As they went outside to wait for an uber, Steve asked Bucky  “So, I take it you like Natasha?”
“Well, he’s just going to have to resort to grindr now,” he laughed.
“You’ve made that perfectly clear.”
Steve tilted his head, “Have you been...needing to talk to her a lot lately?”
“Is that right?” asked Tony, looking him over, “It’s probably because you’re so handsome and you make people impressionable.”
“Nah,” Bucky huffed, “the guys are so flaky and when the girls saw I was bisexual, they just say nevermind.”
