“Sherlock.” The detective winks at his daughter and all three begin to laugh.
The paramedics are shouting and my ears hurt.
Sherlock finds himself standing up, walking a couple of metres to the edge of the water. A small wooden walkway goes into the lake and Sherlock steps onto it, eyes never leaving the water. He places his hands in his pocket yet again, feeling for his packet of cigarettes and pulling another one out, lighting it immediately.
He is woken up three hours later. A nurse who I have not seen before removes the tube from his throat to help him breathe as he will be able to do so on his own now. I'm holding his hand when he does eventually wake. They're cold. He can't move his neck to face me as he has a neck brace on. I was told before I visited that it is to prevent any form of spinal movement as they don't want to aggravate the injury further.
My stomach lurches.
“Is he awake?”
in danger and he is now in there on a surgery table fighting for his life.” Mycroft shook his head in disbelief and turned, exasperated, before facing his little brother again. “How the hell could you be so stupid?”
“As Mrs Hudson would say, I wouldn’t be anywhere else.”
"John?"
"I'm pulling out of university."
"So I did. When she woke again and saw me, her face lit up and she smiled at me and she told me that she was pleased to see me. And she stayed up for half an hour, saying that she was pleased her baby boy had found someone to love.
"No."
Sherlock swallows, wanting to scream. He knows John is right, he’s always right, but this is so much harder than he could have ever imagined.
“The smug arsehole.”
John thinks as he closes his eyes, gasping as Sherlock’s lips graze against his throat,
“Rosie, darling, the doctors are going to try everything they can to make you feel comfortable, ok?” John strokes his thumb across Rosie’s head. Tubes are connected to her, pumping in the medicine. She is weak, exhausted. Movement is proving difficult and the pain is becoming unbearable.
"You don't. Plus, I wouldn't expect you to pay for your own funeral." John shrugged, a sadness looming over him.
However, what he does feel is the sharp sting of London air on his cheeks, nipping at every piece of skin it can reach. What he can hear is a panicked shout of
“He told me that John stopped breathing in the ambulance. Did he tell that to you?”
It was ridiculous to hold out hope for him because how could someone survive something like that? His body was crushed by that car, he should have died on impact. Yet he didn't and he managed to live for another three days.
Mrs Hudson drew back the curtain, a glass of water in hand. The conversation would have to wait.
During this part of the recovery process patients tend to be very distressed. It is the start of them adjusting to their new situation and it can be very difficult as they do not always know how to cope. I usually advise a family member to be with the patient whilst the procedure is taking place. If you have any questions-"
"It hurts so much, Sherlock. I tried to prepare myself for this but it just hurts so bloody much."
“You’re a bit of a romantic, aren’t you?” John chuckled as he ran his fingers through the crispy leaves on the ground. He picked one up and twiddled it between his fingers.
"Mhm." Sherlock's lips pulled together tightly as he suppressed the urge to let out a whimper.
"Shut up, James. Just- don't speak to my son like that." Mrs Watson had placed her hand on John's shoulder, slowly placing herself in front of him. To protect him. Her husband only laughed.
” John scoffs before taking another glass from the table, this time filled with whisky, and pelts it against the door frame. The second shatter of the night happens which sends a spray of fragments into the air, some of them propelling back at John. He feels one particularly sharp piece scrape across the piece of skin just above his eyebrow and he feels the blood before he sees it. It obscures his vision. He doesn’t care.
"I don't know who the hell you think you are-"
I don't think that I will survive.
"What?" Shock resided in John's voice as the word tumbled from his mouth. His eyes locked with Sherlock's who had started to back out of the doorway to give John and his mum some privacy.
"What are you looking at?"
His face is paler than usual and he gulps, just slightly, but I notice it easily. John may be my partner but he is also Lestrade's friend. This is hard for all of us.
"You okay?" John asked timidly, his voice full of admiration as spoke to Sherlock.
better for yourself if you’re locking up your emotions. If you want to cry,
“The best sleep I’ve had in weeks.” John doesn’t want to tell him that it’s only at Sherlock’s house that he can sleep. He finds it impossible to articulate how appreciative he is of Sherlock, how grateful he is that he has someone to be there for him, even if they don’t talk.
"I've still got time-"
He whole body was supported so he wouldn't move once he woke up. The thought of him waking and understanding what had happened petrified me.
In the end it wasn’t Sherlock who cried though. Before he could even respond to John, he heard the quiet sob, saw the tear on the corner of his eye fall. John squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head before speaking again. “For fuck’s sake, Sherlock.”
Blood on the floor.
"It was obvious. I'm a blind idiot!"
“You’ve had us all terrified.” Sholto looks at John, makes eye contact and then puts his hand on John’s, just briefly. “Never do that again.”
“Yes, it would be for the best if I were addicted again. The fact of the matter is that I am
"When the paramedics arrived John was still breathing, albeit with extreme difficulty." I nod. "Brother, are you sure you want me to-"
"Don't be."
"John, we both knew that you were going to leave university when the illness started becoming too much. And you have. I can't risk the chance of you being hospitalised again because I wasn't at home to help you when you needed me. I just can't. So let me stay here. I'll take some more cases from Scotland Yard that I can solve at home to try and earn us some money. Please John."
"You're a fucking coward." Sherlock spat, eyes glaring at John's father, filled with absolute disgust. "You are the most fucking disgusting thing that I have ever witnessed. That is your
“My business also, Sherlock.” Mycroft is standing on the doorstep, umbrella propped up as the rain pelts the ground around him. “You know why I’m here.”
Molly pulled herself up from the sofa and carefully made her way over to the kitchen table, dragging the seat from its resting place and sitting down. She heard Greg cough before he finally asked, “How was Sherlock once I left?”
Behind me I could hear the sounds of bullets being fired from machine guns, ripping through the air and into the bodies of our enemies. I snapped on some gloves and began applying pressure to his chest wound using a thick gauze swab from my medical kit.
"Jesus, again?" John began to sit up, albeit with difficulty, but before he could move any further Sherlock was right beside him. pressing his shoulders down so he was laying back against the pillows. Sherlock picked the beanie up and placed it on John's head before speaking again.
I clenched my jaw as I turned to face them. They looked at me with confusion when I told them to shut up.
whenever she wakes up. He’s brilliant with her. Really, really brilliant.” John taps his thumb on the counter, a sadness in his eyes as he speaks to the detective inspector, a sadness that speaks volumes. Lestrade has never seen a man more broken and it pains him to see his friend so helpless, knowing he can’t do anything to make the situation better.
“They’re welcome to stay.”
When I was shot, I felt relief. I finally thought
John never did like him smoking but, he supposes, that doesn't matter now. He's not here anymore. Why does it even matter?
It's all gone. He doesn't even know if it was there to begin with.
Morning came around slowly and Sherlock woke with a start, his head pounding. He’d been thinking too much, constantly fretting about whether John was going to be ok or not. It must have only been an hour since he’d finally succumbed to sleep and even then, it was uncomfortable.
It's something I have been thinking about for a long time, ever since Lestrade told me the news. All he said was that he didn't make it. I didn't mention anything again-not until now.
He couldn't deny, of course.
Sherlock dragged himself from the bed, noting the dishevelled appearance of himself in the mirror. His hair was unruly, sticking out in all directions. Bags had made themselves present underneath his tired eyes and his skin had taken on a shade much paler than usual. In short, he looked absolutely awful.
“Controlled usage, Mrs Hudson. It was a one off.” He curled himself into a ball and buried his face in the cushions of the sofa, before letting out another sigh, unsatisfied with the comfortableness of his position and leaping upwards over the table and onto his chair. “What is the time?”
“Though in the long run,” Sherlock continues, “they’re probably saving uncle Rudi some misery. She was sleeping with the neighbour. Anyone could see that.”
I looked towards the sky, watching two blackbirds fly around each other in a beautiful chase. The detective inspector pulled out his own packet of cigarettes, lighting one and doing the same as me.
It was taken three weeks before his passing, on his seventeenth birthday. Greg, Mike and I held a 'party' for him. It was just the four of us and we spent the night in a tent beside the lake, a campfire roaring as we drank and listened to his favourite music. John absolutely adored it.
“I’ll bet,” John replies and joins in with the laughing. Their fingers squeeze together more tightly and he takes back what he thought the previous night.
“What’s the time?”
"Don't say that.
"You do realise that I wasn't the one who got shot, right?" John rolled his eyes, shifting himself in his bed slightly before letting out a small gasp of pain.
“Sherlock, shh, Sherlock.” The detective focusses his attention on John.
It almost doesn't seem real because how could something like this happen? How could he go to sleep one night, wrapped in my arms, safe, and not wake up the next day?
“I highly doubt you’ll be leaving anytime soon, John. You’re still in the ICU.” John closed his eyes again and clenched his jaw, not wanting to accept what Sherlock was saying. He hated hospitals, Sherlock knew, and avoided them at all costs if at all possible.
“I didn’t want Greg up all night worrying.”
“Is that what he said?” John asks, shaking his head slightly, but laughing nonetheless.
And I wish the hate for you I was feeling was bigger than the love I have for you. It would make this whole situation a lot easier. But it's not.
“We’re going out.” Sherlock states as he pulls on his plum coloured shirt, fingers making quick work of each button, the pale expanse of his chest becoming hidden by the purple fabric. John yawns as Sherlock flings his own shirt at him, and he too dresses.
“No.” He shook his head. “No.” That was the problem with John. Stubbornness. “I’m fine.”
"I really can't believe what has happened."
That makes it all the worse. The fact that he couldn't bring himself to talk to me about it. I'm being tormented by all of the questions you would expect. Could I have helped him? Did he not trust me enough?
That night he became more than my colleague, more than my friend. He became my first love. We would die for each other.
John Hamish Watson was seventeen years old. Excessive brain damage. Major internal bleeding.
hard for you and I can only wish that your father realises his fault one day. You, your mother, Harry, Clara, you all deserve so much better than him. There's just one more thing that I want you to know. No matter what happens, I am always going to be here for you. Nothing will ever change that, my love. Please understand that."
it says.
We arrive at the hospital in minutes, following the ambulance. Both vehicles have their sirens blaring, alerting drivers that
We are taken into a room with comfortable sofas lining the walls. I sit down next to Lestrade, who keeps a little distance from me. I can tell that the news is going to be terrible, purely from the expression that the doctor is giving me.
“Now is not a good time, Mycroft.” John stares at the elder Holmes, not once losing eye contact with him. “If you know what’s best for you, you will leave
"What are you going to do about university?" Sherlock asked, a tremble to his voice as he spoke to his partner. After the initial breakdown as he told Sherlock the news, he had managed to calm himself down.
“If you’ll excuse us please, Gregory. We shall just be a moment.” With one last shove from Mycroft, Sherlock was out the door. They too remained silent until they were outside in the smoking area.
I return half an hour later, back to the ICU and Mr and Mrs Watson are not there. Instead there is a nurse- the same one who ushered me out of the room in the first place, the same one who forced me to be away from John. When she looks at me I know what she's saying.
When I was seventeen I witnessed my best friend being run down in a hit and run. She was crossing the road, a photo frame in her hand of the two of us together. On the back there was a message that read:
“It’s
“I’m not gaining
Mr Reign, our chemistry teacher, was up in an instant, holding my arms back to try and restrain me. Greg was there too, shoving his hands against my shoulders and speaking to me but what he said went in one ear and out through the other. I wanted to hurt someone, harm them because the pain was just getting too much, too overwhelming. Why couldn't people just think.
"Sherlock, I need you to calm down." Lestrade said, clenching his hands around the steering wheel of the car. They were coated in red, still sticky with John's blood. The consulting detective shook his head violently before turning to glare at the DI.
"John! Get your fucking arse out here right now!" It was John's father.
Glancing down at him, I see his eyes glistening with unshed tears. "Ok, John."
He’s always thought that the Afghanistan night sky was the most beautiful thing in the world. It had been comforting during those nights when he’d lost his friends to the brutality of the war. He wouldn’t ever wander too far but during those nights he’d go outside and lay down, gazing upwards as the constellations ignited the never ending darkness in an array of beautiful designs and patterns that would captivate the imagination of anyone who sought solace. It was welcoming when he had seen sights that would have made the strongest soldier cry himself to sleep. Oh how he had wept underneath that blanket of stars.  Now, all the sky does is torment him.
Sherlock, you bastard, if you're listening. Thankyou for leaving, because you've absolutely broken me. The damage is done. There's no coming back from this. I hope you're fucking pleased with yourself.
“He’s out of surgery. The damage was a lot more serious than they initially thought.” Molly heard a quiver to Lestrade’s voice that she had not heard before and it made her panic.
turning out for the better. They had kissed each other, hands roaming along each others' bodies, touching, tasting. It was easy to forget about all the bad that had happened, what was going to happen. Because they were happy, so bloody happy and that was all that mattered. That night, it was just the two of them, no thought of the illness, of the treatments, of the inevitable. Just two men, in love and recently engaged. That was it. Nothing more.
“I want you. I
Everything changed that day. That godforsaken day.
"Shut up!" What
The young man sighs, tilting his head back as a cloud of smoke escapes his mouth, dancing as it makes its way up into the air before vanishing from sight completely. The grey is a stark contrast against the pastels of the sky, disturbing the calmness as it poisons the sky with its fumes. Sherlock cannot help but laugh.
I do not want to walk a path that Sherlock does not follow me in and I feel selfish. I know I must, but I cannot.
“Alright then… I’ll be off. Thankyou Molly, really this is-“
After two minutes of silence Sherlock spoke quietly, voice strained as he recollected what had happened earlier. He couldn’t look at Molly as he said his next words. “He stopped breathing in the ambulance.” The detective clenched his jaw, as if saying this statement was the most difficult thing he would ever have to say in his life. It probably was. “I said to him that we were losing him. He closed his eyes and he stopped breathing. I don’t know if he’s ok.”
The impenetrable silence that followed Sherlock's plea was agonising.
"I am coping perfectly well."
"Are you sure?" The sympathy was obvious in his voice- it was clear that telling John's parents about their relationship was going to turn out horribly. Nuzzling his face closer to John's neck, Sherlock planted a gentle kiss to his collarbone reassuringly.
“No.” John grunted slightly, a paroxysm of pain jabbing at his chest. “No, it’s fine.” After a pause, he spoke again. “When can I leave?”
"He's your partner, Sherlock." My fists clench together, the knuckles turning white from how tightly I am squeezing my fist. He is my partner and I am his. I will stay with him, no matter how difficult this may be and how much we will need to adjust to our new lives. John will get through this. I will get through this. Together. "Fucking hell this must be so hard for you."
I swallow hard, biting my lip as I do so. I can feel a tear forming but I soon wipe that away with the palm of my hand. John looks at me, his mouth forming a slight 'o' shape. "Don't tell me it's-" His voice cracks and he is unable to finish.
"John." I say again, desperately. And then, "please." Finally he opens his eyes, just slightly, but the terror that is present in them is frightening. I've never seen him look so afraid in his entire life and it panics me.
let you stay there with all of the thoughts racing around your head at the moment, especially after the circumstances of today. My parents will have returned home by now and it’s good for you to be in an environment that is as normal as possible. Considering that aside from your own house, the place you spend the most time at is mine which means that this is the most normalcy that you are going to get. Plus, my mother is dreadfully worried about you.” Sherlock took one final drag from his cigarette and stubbed it out on the concrete.
"Get some sleep. I'm not taking no for an answer. I'll come back tomorrow and take you to the hospital."
I want Greg there with me.
“Ours.” Sherlock states, no hesitation. John crouches, placing his arms around his daughter and lifting her in one swift movement from Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock stands too, holding the door open so John can take Rosie through to the bedroom. All the while, she remains fast asleep. They rearrange the pillows so that Rosie’s are in the centre, and place her under the duvet before John climbs in next to her. They both know that neither will be sleeping tonight. Sherlock hesitates in the doorway, debating whether to let John spend some time with Rosie just by himself or stay.
“What do you think you are doing?” Sherlock turns and his legs give way. Mycroft is by his side in an instant and helping him back on to the bed. “Why did you lie? I thought you were getting better. We all thought you were getting better, brother.”
"I'd rather look ridiculous than have a cold head." John giggled, adjusting his cannula as he continued to look at Sherlock.
It didn't take long before we both eventually fell asleep, wrapped in each other's arms. I would always support him. Always.
"Ok." He said. "Ok."
Sherlock doesn't reply, afraid that his voice may betray him. When Mycroft realises that he is not going to talk he stands, touching his hand to Sherlock's shoulder. "Brother, I cannot tell you whether or not the pain gets any better. But please, don't let this destroy you. John would never have wanted that."
His eyes are fluttering open and closed and I can tell he is trying his absolute best to do what is being said- it's the only part he's listening to though.
"Oh, Sherlock. How lovely to see you." She planted a kiss on his cheek and then faced John again, whispering, "why is he here this late?"
“I’m surprised you care, brother-“
John collapses against the edge of the bathroom wall once he has finished being sick. I already have the towel in my hand, dabbing it around his mouth as I clean the remaining dregs of vomit from his lips. He manages to nod his head slightly in thanks.
“Bastard.” John muttered, voice heavy after the sedation, laboured breath inhibiting his ability to speak quickly. His fingers squeezed Sherlock’s and he glanced in Sherlock’s direction, the vaguest hint of a smile on his pale lips. “Shot again.” The detective smiled in response, an overwhelming wave emotion engulfing him. He could feel his eyes stinging with tears but he
but don’t take it out on me, or Lestrade, or Mycroft. You couldn’t have stopped this. They couldn’t have stopped this. It happened and all we can do now it be there for John. But you can’t do that whilst you are high. You are unstable so we’re just going to have to wait until the morning to see what happens. Ok?”
"I'm ready." John stuttered, his voice filled with need. Sherlock's eyes widened as he looked up at John, opening his lips in a timid 'o' shape.
“Brilliant.” Dr Holden scanned the notes on his clipboard in front of him before holding it tightly to his chest. “It seems you’ve had no post-surgery complications. Being a doctor yourself I’m sure you’re aware of how important the following 24 hours are and you seem to be recovering as well as we could have possibly hoped, so with that being said I think it’s best if we move you on to the ward.”
“John- Dad, I came home about twenty minutes ago and I couldn’t find him and-“ John’s eyebrows furrow as he tries to decipher what his sister is saying. She’s speaking so quickly and frantically that John finds it difficult to make out what she’s saying, or rather, shouting.
“11:07. What time is visiting?” Going into the kitchen, Mrs Hudson began making Sherlock some breakfast, assuming he hadn’t eaten this morning. She rummaged around the cabinets, the only thing she managed to produce being a can of baked beans. “Honestly, Sherlock, you need to keep your cupboards stocked.”
I didn't want to go near him. There wasn't even the possibility of him surviving. I've seen cases like his before, overdoses where there were enough drugs in their system to kill multiple people. As much as I want to believe it was an accident, I know it wasn't.
His voice came out shaky and small. "Mrs Watson, I need you to phone for an ambulance and the police." His hands were quivering, shaking so much that he had no control. "Now! Please." His voice hitched with his panic. "Go into the kitchen and phone them. You need to do it now. Don't look at your son or your husband. Go."
The lady manages to point him in the right direction but he doesn’t wait for Sherlock or Harry to follow, though the sound of their footsteps suggests that they are trying to catch up to him. They come to a ward where John is forced to stop and request entry, which he is permitted. A nurse explains Mr Watson’s condition, all of which John ignores.
“You’d be surprised,” Mycroft interjects, “but we’re probably the most normal of the Holmes bunch.”
Sliding his body downwards, John positioned his knee between Sherlock's thighs and touched his hands to Sherlock's hips, thumbs dipping beneath the waistline of his trousers. His breath ghosted over the thick hair trailing down from Sherlock's naval, breathing hot and heavy, making Sherlock's skin burn with need. A moment later, Sherlock's trousers were at his ankles and John was ripping his shoes off, shortly followed by his socks which were tossed over his shoulders and landing in the heap that was the rest of their clothes.
"Go ahead." Sherlock said, although his voice was shaky. Gently, John pushed his first finger into him and paused, giving time for Sherlock to adjust to the feeling. Glancing underneath him, he could see Sherlock's pupils dilated, hear his breathing coming in ragged breaths, see the sweat slowly dripping down his neck, look at the rise and fall of his chest. Hear their hearts beating together.
"I love him. Of course I would do that for him." I replied, sniffing as the emotions overwhelmed me yet again.
"Sherlock..."
"She would have been so proud of you." John pressed his eyes together, an attempt to stop the tears from spilling over again.
“You think I don’t know that?” Sherlock snarled. “I thought I was just craving cocaine for absolutely no reason. And shaking because I was cold.”
William Sherlock Scott Holmes was seventeen years old when he realised how cruel the world could be.
"I'm not going to get any better." It was the truth, a fact. Sherlock frowned, clearly unwilling to acknowledge the obvious.
"I'm scared, Sherlock." Sherlock squeezed John's hand and turned to face him, tilting John's chin up so they were looking directly into each other's eyes.
He refuses to understand.
"But the signs were there!" Sherlock slammed his fist against the seat of the car, causing the detective inspector to flinch. They arrived at the hospital within minutes, both of them quickly jumping out of the car and running into the building.
John laughed despite himself. Of course Sherlock would say that. “Maybe you should work in a morgue.”
The ash falls into the lake, floating on the surface of the water before drifting away. Sherlock tries not to look at it, but fails, becoming mesmerised by the insignificant little pieces of grey.
“Yeah?”
"Swim with me, John." I say.
"It's not like I have parents anymore who can pay for it."
"You can't get rid of me that easily." John muttered, a little laugh escaping his lips, lightening the situation. Sherlock pulled away, using his thumb to wipe away the tear that was threatening to spill over again. "So, how bad?" John asked, exhaustion clearly overtaking him yet again. He was already disorientated and the pain was starting to become overwhelming.
“Their loss.”
Sherlock shifts so Mycroft has space to crouch down beside him. A hand is on his shoulder and there’s a voice in his ear and he doesn’t want to hear what comes out of his brother’s mouth next because it means that everything is over, and John will be gone and he will have nothing. “Sherlock, you need to let him go.” He shakes his head. “Sherlock, John is gone.”
John stares at the carpet mindlessly, not realising that Ella is speaking to him. Therapy was definitely not his idea of a good start to the morning. Then again, it wasn’t as worse as waking up in a pool of your own sweat thinking you were getting shot at again, John thought.
and you want me to
“We’ll get one of Mycroft’s cars to take us.”
My heart drops and I feel sick. I knew this time would come, there would only be so much time that it would be beneficial for him, but the feeling still hits me like a punch to the gut.
“Mmhmm. Daddy said that Uncle Mycroft had more chance of losing weight that running the government good.” Letting go of the pirates Rosie looks up, meeting John’s eyes. “Is that really true?”
what to do you faggot. I never raised a son to be like-"
The extent to which his self-loathing was making itself present made John terrified. The man who John had become was not the man he wanted to be. Not the man Sherlock had encouraged him to be, in ways that only John knew.
he thought, trying with everything he had left in him not to cry,
“Oh Mrs Hudson, I expect no less.” John caught Sherlock’s gaze and winked at him. “He’s good like that.”
I never got round to giving them to his parents because one minute he was alive, he was breathing (albeit with a lot of help) but it gave me comfort knowing that he was at least
"Does it look like I'm joking?" Lestrade is silent as he leans backwards, pressing his palms into his forehead. He looks tired.
"Peter Rogers gave up. I suspected shortly before he committed his act that he knew we had discovered him. Take one deranged serial killer, acknowledge his mistake, and he will go on a mass murder spree. He gave himself up but not before giving us one final show."
Sherlock had this presence that would have been enough to stun even the most spectacular of people. He was a mystery. So elegant, yet so stern. So tragic.
A tear drop falls but he makes no effort to hide it, to push away his emotions. I know it is real.
"Sherlock, know that whatever does happen there, I will always care for you immensely. You are my only one, darling. My only one."
“I don’t know what to do.”
“Oh dear, John.” Mrs Hudson said, patting his hand gently. “It all comes with hospitals unfortunately. Anyway,” she stood up, “I think I’m going to head back to Baker Street. Let you have some time with Sherlock.” She patted Sherlock on the shoulder now. “Though you’ll see me tomorrow- if you want me to of course.”
It isn't until Sherlock's words meet my ears, one final time, that I realise what I need to do.
I sit down in the chair that is far too close to the ground for my liking and cross my right leg over my left. My fingers are knotted together and pressed against my knee cap. I lean forward, waiting for her to tell me what she needs to say. "John seems to be doing well-"
The school holds a memorial service for him two days after they are made aware of his passing. They are made aware exactly one week after his death. Up until that point they had the knowledge that he was in the hospital with life threatening injuries and was very unlikely to return back to school, ever.
Being with him made me feel alive. It's a silly thing to say, I suppose, considering that before him I was still living. But he made me feel different. It's cliché but bloody hell is it the truth. He ignited the fire within me and I craved the feeling, I needed it. I never deserved a man like him, I still believe that, but knowing that he was mine, that was something else. God, he was simply the most amazing thing to ever have happened to me.
"Leave him alone!" Mrs Watson yelled, darting over to the two men's sides in an instant, trying her best to pull the older man away from her son but with no luck. James kept kicking, determined not to stop.
“What do you propose I do then? Hm?” Sherlock ran a blood covered hand through his hair, worry getting the better of him. He’d never felt panic like this before: not when he’d woken up in hospital after an OD and not when he himself had been shot. Nothing compared to this.
“Your overdose wasn’t on cocaine, Sherlock…”
The afternoon came around quickly and soon enough Sherlock and Mrs Hudson had left Baker Street and were back at the hospital. John was awake this time as they arrived, but it was evident to Sherlock that he was fighting sleep. Stubborn as ever though, John wouldn’t give in.
Sherlock Holmes, that crazy, genius man. It was so easy to love him. He was my fire within a world that had been so dark for so long.
They were back in the forest again, following that same trail as they had strolled along only that morning. The sky had transformed into an array of pinks and reds, all morphing together to create a painting of complete serenity. Dark clouds drifted along in the gentle breeze, constantly changing the patterns above them. Soon enough, the two of them were at the same opening where they had arrived earlier.
John nodded, careful not to move his body too much with the action. "Casualties?"
He didn’t know if there was any coming back from that.
than they initially thought?” Sherlock’s fists clenched repeatedly, over and over again as Lestrade spoke to him. Lestrade had arrived at the time Molly had said he would, with Mycroft also, and by 09:00am the four of them were at the hospital. No one spoke the whole journey, and it was only when they were all sitting together in the waiting room of the ICU that Sherlock began to speak.
“He must have taken the drugs before he went out though. How did no one notice?”
"Yes." I do not hesitate to respond.
"Are you certain?"
“Something about the impact of the bullet- I don’t know, Sherlock. Just wait until the doctor comes out to speak.”
"I love you." John mouthed, his lips merely millimetres away from Sherlock's own. His nose brushed against Sherlock's and the younger boy smiled, his mouth twitching into a sleepy smile and his eyes drooping with tiredness.
“You are leaving. Now, Sherlock!”
Sherlock returned his attention back to the figure on the floor, positioning his hand again so that it was supporting John's head. Lestrade was still applying pressure to the wound.
The day that the school holds the service, we are all allowed to light a candle in his memory. There is a photo of him that is mounted at the front of the hall and he is smiling, eyes bright and he looks genuinely happy.
Sherlock picks up the list- there’s always a list- and drags himself over to the window, paper crumpled in hand, and pulls himself up from the ground to look at the stars. He wants an escape. The paper drops and his knees give way before him and once again he’s on the floor, convulsing.
He is not well. He's not going to get better.
Lestrade can’t help but notice how black the blood looks in the moonlight, the way it is pooling around him, engulfing him.
"Yes. He was."
"I need to tell them." John breathed heavily against Sherlock's lips as he pressed him up against the thick branch of a tree that was in the forest behind his house.
"Hey, Sherlock? Am I hurting you?" Sherlock shook his head, eyes snapping together to try and stem the flow of tears. "What's wrong?"
“This bloody tube-“ He pointed to the side of his chest, which turned out to be a big mistake as the sudden movement of his arm caused his whole body to tighten, the pain overwhelming.
were they arguing about?” John thought back to the evening of his mother’s death. He’d only just arrived home after returning from Sherlock’s house, Sherlock right behind him.
“Don’t you have more important things to be getting on with? Running the government? Telling Lestrade what to do?”
"So that means..."
"Sherlock, keep the pressure." Lestrade speaks with a shaky voice. John's never heard him sound like this before.
“Greg, promise me you’ll be alright.”
"You're doing something disgusting."
“Excuse me.” John says, already standing. He closes the door behind him and soon enough he’s with Sherlock, both watching as Rosie’s chest rises up and down, up and down.
“Drugs?” Mrs Hudson asked, shutting the door and strolling back into the living. Sherlock had entered his bedroom, retrieving his blue dressing gown before returning and lolling back on the sofa.
"John." The word came out in one short, sharp gasp as they touched one another again, the feeling causing Sherlock to shiver.
I held him as he started to cry, pulling him in close so he was pressed against my chest. The sound of glass shattering interrupted his cries as he let it crash to the floor. The feeling of a light pressure was felt on my back as John wrapped his arms around me, his left (uninjured) hand gripping tightly into my black shirt.
She had contemplated going to sleep as well but she knew she would be getting an update from either Lestrade of Mycroft any time soon, and that she would want to be awake when she received it in case anything was an emergency.
I was sitting beside him and holding his hand, caressing my thumb over his skin. Mrs Watson was beside me and holding onto my other hand, doing exactly the same to me as I was to him. And just like that, the calmness of the situation was disrupted and machines were beeping, his entire body was convulsing and I was being dragged out by a nurse, being told that I shouldn't watch what was happening to him and they needed the space.
"Sherlock..." And all it took was that one little word, the two syllables of Sherlock's name which he had heard John say a thousand times before, for him to finally break. Sherlock Holmes knew that his whole life was about to change.
Swiftly moving past him I take out my keys and unlock the front door, ignoring the Detective Inspector who is calling my name. He is quick in following me up the stairs, moving two steps at a time in order to keep up with me. By the time he has reached the landing he is out of breath, panting. Once I am inside 221B,  I turn to him, gesturing for him to sit down (although he probably would have taken a seat anyway).
“Don’t you dare die on me, Watson. Not today.” Major James Sholto sits next to John’s hospital bed and watches as the man fights for his life, hooked up to machines and tubes and drips. Monitors are beeping, the only thing telling Sholto that
There is another family in the corridor, staring at us, looks of sympathy and pity plastering their faces. John's father is embracing Mrs Watson, quietly whispering words of comfort but I am able to tell in an instant that he doesn't believe what he is saying. His bottom lip is quivering and we make eye contact and I know, I just
he won’t worry about John as much.”
"Yes."
Lestrade thought,
"Did I wake you?" Sherlock asked, setting the books down on the table. Upon further inspection, John noticed a black bruise forming against Sherlock's cheek aswell as dried blood crusted to his lip.
What had happened? The doctor inhaled, pressing his eyes together in an attempt to block out the yells and whimpers from the people surrounding him. There was just too much noise for him to concentrate properly. Should that have been a problem? John shook his head slightly. Sherlock would be here soon...surely.
"I want to be able to spend as much time as I can with you. Leaving university is the only way I can do that. Not to mention that you are only going to become weaker and will need fulltime care. I hate the thought of leaving you, John and it is because of university that I have to. Now, I am quite capable of finishing this chemistry degree and I do intend to, one day, but not in the near future. I know you don't want to be hearing this because you hate the thought of pulling me back but honestly, this is the only logical solution. Don't look at me like that John, you know it's true." Sherlock sighed, hanging his head into his arms. Everything was getting to him at the moment.
Sherlock clenched his jaw. He had avoided thinking about that at all costs if he could, because John
John peered over at his boyfriend whose head was bowed down ever so slightly.
“They were meant to project a series of photographs of Rudi and Sienna together but your cousins had other ideas. Suddenly the whole of the church had to bear witness to your uncle in woman’s lingerie and knee high boots. Needless to say, Sienna was mortified.”
Sherlock never did manage to message John’s father.
“There’s no doubt about that.”
Before I realise what I am doing, I am running, getting away from his mum and dad, away from the ICU. I find myself in the nearest toilet and I am throwing up, lurching over the side of it and heaving and heaving and heaving. The feeling is... it's like nothing I've ever felt before. A mixture of grief, despair, anxiety. They're attacking me with as much force as they can throw at me and it is awful, absolutely horrifying and I feel like everything I have ever known and built is collapsing around me, bringing me down with it.
"It is too early to tell, John, although there is a high probability of the former, considering the current situation."
I face John again and his mouth is quivering and his eyes, his eyes that were once full of happiness and charisma, are empty, staring up at the ceiling. He won't look at me. It's hurting. I suddenly realise that I am no longer stroking his hand, but he is stroking mine. Reassuring me.
I squeeze his hand to let him know that I am listening, although I am reluctant to hear what I know he will say.
I try to avoid it, but my attempts are becoming futile. Instead, I try and focus on Sherlock.
“He’s a bloody lucky man.” Lestrade stated, watching the two of them. Sherlock heard him shuffle forward and touch his hand to his shoulder, before giving it a firm squeeze and stepping back. “Has he been awake yet?”
Eventually they come to an opening where there is a carved wagon wheel bench, obscured slightly by the overgrown hedges. Sherlock stops in his tracks, waits for John to catch up with him and entwines their fingers together, before leading him over to the bench and perching upon it.
“Where?”
"You-"
Sherlock jumped up from his seat. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
“I’ve wanted-“ Sherlock gasps, one hand gripping the back of John’s neck, the other slowly sidling along John’s back and making its way underneath his shirt. The unexpected touch of cold to warm makes John shudder and he deepens the kiss as he feels Sherlock’s hand exploring his stomach. “For so long, John.” Sherlock’s breath hitches.
“Sienna found out about the crossdressing.” Sherlock states, flicking a pea with his fork at Mycroft which hits him directly between the eyes. The elder brother rolls his eyes before turning back to his father. “Was it during the vows or the best man’s speech?” Sherlock looks between his parents. “The vows.”
"I do though."
"Oh, John." Sherlock murmured, knowing that anything he said wouldn't help the situation in the slightest. He had never met John's father- the nights that Sherlock stayed round, he made sure that John's father was out getting drunk, never giving him that chance of possibly discovering the two's relationship. "Shh, we can get through this. We'll sort it out."
John knows that he is a broken man. The events of the past few weeks had slowly been building up to something extraordinary, culminating into the disarray that was his thoughts. He was grieving. Heartbroken. Lost. Scared. Angry.
I don't need to look at Mycroft to know that he is surprised by this information. We hadn't told anyone about our engagement. Most didn't know we were in a relationship together, in fact. We had intended on telling him, of course, but not so soon. We wanted our time together, just the two of us.
Just then, a doctor comes into his room. She goes by the name of Dr Nina Pace and she has a friendly face. I do not greet her.
John recollects the blistering heat of the Afghan sun, and he hears the deafening blasts of the exploding field around him.
“Don’t make me bring Mycroft in here. I can and I will. Now, listen to me. You are not staying here, not in this state. Understand?”
Sherlock spoke to him, his John, in a room full of nameless faces. They didn't matter. None of it mattered anymore. John was no longer in their world. Why would anything matter?
For the next half an hour or so the three of them engaged in amicable conversation. Well, it was more of Mrs Hudson talking, John nodding in response and Sherlock watching John every moment he got but all three were fine with that.
“Please get off me.” She asked in a tone that was undeniably scared. Immediately John recognised the panic in his mother’s voice as she couldn’t get Mr Watson to release his fingers from her, and she pushed at him slightly with the effort to warn him to back off.
The tear fulfils its threat and it does spill, trickling down my cheek and landing on the collar of my plum coloured shirt. John doesn't seem to realise.
"Sherlock, darling?" I asked as I tried to budge him over so I could make us some breakfast but he wouldn't move. "Sherlock?" I say again, because stupidly I thought that maybe he was just really tired and needed some rest.
“Mycroft, get off now or-“
"Yes, John. Is there anything else?" I shake my head, trying to rid myself of the horrendous images of John laying helpless in the road. "Umm...fuck. Sirens. I remember them. The paramedics. What-um. I couldn't move."
Lestrade guides me away to sit in the police car and the last thing I can see are the paramedics stabilising John in a neck and back brace. They lift him cautiously, being extremely careful not to jolt him and further his injuries. Out of the corner of my eye I can see another ambulance at the scene where the car slammed into the building.
No matter how much John could apologise he knew that he couldn’t forgive himself. Not after everything Sherlock had been through.
"Don't-"
Things had changed since those times, however. He and his mother always tried to please their father, anything to avoid getting any more torrents of abuse than was necessary. When John's sister, Harry, came out to their father eight years ago, John had never been so terrified in his life. His mother had been accepting, saying that it didn't matter who she fell in love with. Just as long as she found happiness, that was all that mattered to her. Their dad on the other hand...
everything he had been taught, everything he knew and attacked him. “I’m so sorry.” John says again before enveloping Sherlock’s body in his arms, pulling him as close as possible so that there was no space between them. Sherlock presses his face into John’s hair and inhales.
"John," I manage, my voice raspy as I cough up blood. The smell of burning rubber and melting metal invades my nostrils and I have the urge to throw up. Another cough escapes my throat and more blood falls into my lap.
The burial was a nice affair- as nice as a funeral could be, Sherlock thought. After all, it's never nice placing the body of a loved one in the ground for all of eternity for it to decay inside a box.
and John
"Tonight." Sherlock repeated. They were going to be in this together, no matter what happened.
“If you need me for anything just call for me,” she smiles amicably and it takes everything John has in him to force a smile in return.
But then I was taken into that bloody hospital and met that bloody man and I just knew,
"John?" Sherlock asked, no hint of the breathlessness that was there before. Instead, his voice was laced with concern. He took John's hand in his own, pulling him down so they were laying chest to chest. "If you don't want to, I don't mind. We can leave it until another time if you would prefer."
John drags himself from the bed, limping over to his desk before sitting down and picking his gun up from where it sits in the drawer. He holds it, feeling the heavy weight of it against his hand.
“Drink this, darling.” John says, handing her the glass of water as Rosie falls into a sitting position in between her parents. Her eyes are streaming and there are dregs of vomit on her chin, and it’s taking everything within her to not fall asleep. It’s 04:03am, and all three of them have been in the bathroom for almost an hour. Rosie finishes drinking and flops into Sherlock’s lap, utterly exhausted. Sherlock wipes her chin with the back of his hand. Before they know it, Rosie is asleep and it’s now just the two of them.
he thinks.
It's ridiculous, he thinks now as he continues to follow the patterns of smoke, how someone can affect your life so drastically. Sherlock turns his attention back to the sky, notices a blackbird flying above him. Freedom.
“We don’t know where he is. A search is going on now though.”
Right now he should be here with me. My fiancé. Not buried in a cemetery with only a headstone to remember him by. But he's not and it hurts so much.
“But we have to stop this.” John continues. Sherlock doesn’t have to ask what he’s talking about. Sherlock lifts his head, pressing his lips to John’s. It’s a reassurance, a comfort. They kiss, knowing that whatever tomorrow will bring will be defeated by the two of them together, not suffering by themselves.
"I'm being serious, Sherlock. You don't have to stay." I cannot help but flinch when he says the words. He really believes he is going to be a problem to me. "I wouldn't expect anyone to stay."
“I’ve never liked hospitals.” Sherlock stated after a considerable amount of silence. John raised his eyebrows.
It doesn't work.
“How’s the food, John?” Mrs Holmes asks.
“You’re high.”
I don't want to accept the diagnosis when I first hear it. How could something like that happen to John Watson? As the doctor told him the news, I saw the colour from John's face drain. But he nodded, stood up and left without saying a word. I was momentarily stunned before I bounded upwards, running after him. When I found him, he was seated on a bench outside, head in his hands, but he wasn't crying. Couldn't cry.
“Of course I am.” Sherlock responded. “Though don’t allow Mycroft to get in on it. God forbid what his reaction would be.” The detective grimaced at the thought of the snarky comments he would inevitable receive from his older brother.
“Should I tell Sherlock?”
He is not going to wake up again.
“I’ll see you back at the flat, Mrs Hudson. I’ll bring takeout.” He too stood and gave their landlady a hug. “Here’s some money for a cab.” He rummaged around in his pocket before producing a £10 note.
I can't stop hearing that sound. The sound of him hitting the road. It interrupts me when I'm attempting to sleep. It's always
John inclines his head in a formal greeting, the light from the candle in Sherlock’s room shining gold off of his hair as he bows his head.
There was smoke pouring into the room from the deck outside, the shimmer of raw heat across the threshold a clear indication that they could no longer exit the way they had come in.
“How do you know Sally?”
four walls to keep out some of the noise, the faces of the other passengers. John has no such luxury. As far as Sherlock can tell there is never a moment in John’s day, waking or sleeping, when he is by himself.
he thinks.
The person above me is speaking but I am unsure about what she is saying. I try to tell her to help John, get him out of the car and just save him, but again I am unable to find my words.
"I need my Mum." John whispered as he stared at my lips, watching each second go by as they brushed against his bruises. "I need her."
Mr Watson was unrelenting, unwilling to break his hold on his son for even a second. The alcohol in his body rendered his ability to think rationally and Sherlock thought, even if he wasn't drunk, this man wouldn't stop. Not even if he realised how strong he was and what damage he was doing to his only son.
Immediately I'm ripping my coat off and covering his body with it-
“Please help him,” Harry pleaded to Sherlock as she watched her brother storm away from the two of them. “Please.”
"I love you, Sherlock." He says quietly, breathing heavily. My lips pull into a smile that does not reach my eyes and I cup his cheek with my hand. We stay in that position for a while, neither of us talking, just enjoying being in the presence of one another. John's eyes, his beautiful, gorgeous blue eyes never manage to leave mine and for that, I am grateful.
He always said that I romanticized things. I suppose it's true. Was true. That day I met him, I finally realized that what everyone said about finding your better half wasn't nonsense. Was it coincidence that made me bump into Mike Stamford? Maybe. But I can tell you this: I wouldn't have changed that for anything.
"Now, get some rest." John closed his eyes. He would be alright. It would take time but in the end, he would be fine. And that's all that mattered.
"I know," I say. I don't know, not really. No one knows the pain until they're in that situation. "I know." I press my lips to his, a gentle kiss, a reassurance. He will never be alone in this. Never.
"I don't give a fuck what that homophobic, abusive shit says. I'll fucking punch his living daylights out if he-"
I don't think I'll make it. He's not to know that, of course, but I see it in the way he moves, his gestures, his eyes. My God, his eyes tell the story of the thousand words that he won't bring himself to say. I've learned to read him like he reads a corpse, a crime scene. I observe him with the same fascination and awe- I just express it differently. Nonetheless, the feeling is always there.
Suddenly she was falling, tumbling. The crack of her head hitting the wall was undeniable as she fell, step after step after step. John’s legs gave way beneath him as his mother eventually reached the last few steps, taking him down with him, and then they were both laying in a heap at the foot of the stairs, blood pooling around from where his mum’s head had collided with a plug socket on the lower wall.
Every single day I am stuck here with nothing but my memories. I'm trapped with the images of him laying unstirring, all of his troubles gone. No one should have to find their partner like that. I did.
and there's probably a dozen more signs on the victim I'm not
John freezes for the second time in as many minutes.
John will be disappointed in him. Of course.
"Sherlock Holmes, you will put that bloody book away right this moment and listen to me, or so help me I will use it for firewood
for the five hundredth time, and has really,
I can not- it was an experiment! The Milgram experiment, John, do you not
He smiles back, instead, book tucked under his arm, and turns smartly back to the kitchen. Behind him, he can hear the clink of the bowl as Sherlock at last situates it in his lap, and crunches into the first biscuit.
"John," he starts, his gaze flicking to Sherlock. "Is he all right?"
And he looks particularly gutted when he says it, like he's trying to smile but it's just not working, and Sherlock turns away, shrugging off John's hand. This is not what he wanted to happen tonight. "You're phrasing it unnecessarily charitably. It's not
but he can do nothing but stare back and shake his head. He wants to reach inside John and find that growing knot of guilt and horror and self-loathing, and immerse it in acid and destroy it. He wants nothing of it left and to fill that space instead with himself, to stamp all that is wrong here out of existence and press the truth into John's head with such insistence that there is nothing left in him but that.
"Deleted... what they did to you?" An impatient, quick shake of his head. "How to speak?" He nods.
He's okay.
"John," he said again. "What I'm trying to tell you is that I'm autistic."
In the front seat, Greg snorted, rolling his eyes back to the road. "You just don't like them because they made you do homework and sit in class."
"John!" Sherlock bustled straight back out of the office, a bundle of flaring Belstaff as he again all but shouldered straight past the both of them, his hair wild and almost bouncing and his eyes glacier. "We're leaving!"
"So," he said finally, when he had gotten his voice back. He coughed and cleared his throat again, working his hands out as if they could beat the kinks out of his words and force them to comply. "To recap."
He texted Molly, and upon getting the confirmation that she could swap shifts with John to look after a slighter fussier, sleepier baby at a slightly less fancy flat, he crossed over to Rosie.
He suspected Oscar's retirement was forced as well. Cambridge didn't care about the marital affairs of their staff, but they certainly did care when they were with former teenage students, with the tabloid 'journalists' already suggesting they'd be looking to find out if that relationship had started before Sherlock had left school. Sherlock suspected Mycroft had played his hand, as well.
you do with plants. Your
John continued to look at him as if he might've had a stroke. "And this-" He stopped, licking his lips. "This Canada fancyfolia is... named Milgram."
wanted someone to help
, John, it's
But he stands there in the door, his fingers digging into the cup and biting hard into the inside of his cheek, and can't name what trouble Sherlock could've possibly gotten into.
Sherlock didn't so much as lift his head out of the crook of John's neck. He held very, very still now, his shoulders not even rising for breath.
"But we came all the way out here! Hey, Sherlock, get--"
Mycroft hmmed quietly, and returned to his cup of tea. He sipped once, his mouth reduced to a flat, strained line. "It was several months after this," he went on, quietly again, "in August of his final year, that I was contacted. Sherlock had been hospitalised."
John takes another breath, willing himself to be patient. Sherlock hasn't slept in days. Anyone would be cranky. "I'm gonna make breakfast, in a bit. Will you please eat some? You need to eventually, Sherlock. You're going to keel over if you don't take care of yourself."
begrudge him for siccing Mrs. Hudson at her most worried on him, though.
"Oh, come on, Sherlock. It's just a few hoops to jump through, and then you'll get paid and--"
"John?" He drank a very small, careful sip, not quite looking at him. Then he did it again, even when John came to a stop beside him and waited, silent, for what was to come. "You said... that is. I mean." Sherlock took another breath, his eyes flickering shut. "Romantic entanglement. Does that... make people happy? Ordinary people?"
Was that why Sherlock had been so wary about this? Was that what Ella was trying to say? That John was really the most significant relationship that Sherlock had ever had, platonic or not, and... John had hurt him. John had used his fists and his words to hurt Sherlock more than once. Sometimes not even on purpose, but-- sometimes intentionally.
"We're at an impasse, I think," he admits reluctantly. He probably shouldn't be saying this to Lestrade, and certainly not at a crime scene. But it's not as if Sherlock cares. It's not as if Sherlock is listening in the slightest. It's not as if Sherlock would give a damn, even if he was
The ice breaks, and the hand around his fingers squeezes. "Good. Eat something." He kisses his hair, then backtracks before Sherlock is able to worm himself upright enough to kiss him back.
"Come
John at last looks back up at him, and Sherlock can't keep silent. He has to do
But this hateful, loathsome tension is still there between them, and John still looks exhausted, and Sherlock still
John was still deciding on the best way to get started on what he wanted to say, when Sherlock made the choice for him.
The man starts to raise his fist, and-- well, bloody hell.
"You've already said that he'd do anything for you, John. He's expressed as much to me himself. I'm simply suggesting that, instead of dangerous plans involving illicit substances and serial killers, he might try something a little more dull instead."
Sherlock throws his head back, and
Sherlock only has the time to carefully make it to his feet, before the flow starts.
"I..." He stops, swallowing. How best to word this, to not set John off... "I might've upset the therapist."
Once again, this was hardly the first time that he had seen his best friend zone out like this, even standing in the middle of a corridor. John frowned, glancing again after where Oscar and Dr. Andrews had disappeared, but both of them were gone, and Sherlock was still just standing there, now blocking the way, like a soulless mannequin.
"If we're going to do this." He felt Sherlock stiffen slightly, the muscles under his hand tensing, and John rubbed his hand down again and leaned his face against his wild hair. "And
(See the end of the chapter for
John wants to hold him. He wants to hit something, he wants to hide under the blankets with him and keep him safe from the entire rest of the world; he wants to shove those tiny little gasps he's making back down into his throat because that's
"And Sherlock made the decision to listen to her."
There were, he decided, much worse feelings in the world than this.
"This was not the first instance of such a meeting, might I add."
He didn't have all the pieces yet, but maybe with the set he'd amassed so far, he finally had enough to get Sherlock to give him the rest.
"Sherlock. Sherlock." John edges closer, crouched across from him on the hard, rough floor. He's still so
as far as Sherlock was concerned- and he rolled his eyes, running a hand through his hair. "Yeah, I know what it is, Sherlock. Remember? The super rare, expensive rainforest
And he can
He cuts himself off from whatever he's going to say, shaking his head again as he turns away from Sherlock. He rubs his hands together and wraps his arms around himself, but if it hadn't been for the brisk cold, he'd be up and pacing right now.
It's something.
"Relax, John," Mycroft sighed, rolling his eyes. "It was nothing along the lines of what you're thinking. He had an ulcer."
Silence. One second after the other. Sherlock's low, raspy breathing.
Sherlock heaved out a long, shaking sigh, rubbing a hand down his face. "I'm realising now that what occurred then was probably a panic attack. Or something of that nature. I'd had them before, with Oscar, but this was the worst one. I nearly passed out and was thoroughly convinced that I was going to die, despite--"
He just wanted this to end.
Sherlock tosses a used soda can against the nearest wall as hard as he can, and waits.
If Sherlock'd seen him with context removed, he would've deduced that John was the father of a newborn. Then he would've noticed the lack of a wedding ring on his finger, and- and he's not sure what he'd have thought after that.
"I don't see how a patient getting sick on me makes me look
onto the damn
Shit.
His thudding heart skips a beat.
it is. This is Sherlock Holmes. He won't be taken down by something like this, the very idea is ludicrous--
That this
he was such an idiot.
Once upon a time, he would've taken offense at the anxiety comment. Now... now, he just doesn't have the energy for it.
"Sherlock," he said again, even quieter now. "It's your first time, isn't it?"
Sherlock. And because I have a life outside of being at your beck and call as your- sounding board, or fetcher of your phone, of whatever role it is you think I play here."
look like an idiot flailing, unable to speak. But the point of the matter he still keeps his mouth shut and doesn't even try, and that is his answer.
John swallowed another snicker, fondness clenching in his chest. "We don't, do we?" If he were closer, he might've squeezed his hand, or touched his face, or-- no. Bad line of thought.
know something. This man, this, this slimy slug in a suit, he'd been involved with Sherlock before, and enough so that Greg was able to remember it two decades later and clearly not in a positive light. John had been right. It wasn't just jealousy, it was more than that, this
"Sherlock," Mycroft started again. A little louder this time, his voice tinged with the return of worry instead of relief. "Are you--"
Which arm is more important, for the violin? Which one would be hurt worse, by something like this? How hard is it going to be for him to pick it up again once the cast finally comes off?
Because even if this experiment fails dramatically, which he
"I know," he whispered; his own voice was shaking. "Iknowiknowiknow."
There was another short silence. John, licking his lips, found that he badly wanted a drink.
"Sherlock?" he started. "What's wrong?"
It takes a few moments for Lestrade to be the one to clear his throat, breaking the silence. "All right," he says, handing their suspect off to another officer. "Let's just all calm down, now. We've got a case to work on, yeah? Sherlock, do you think you can give me a quick statement, so we can hold him on the assault? Or..." He curses under his breath, turning back and forth on the street. "I guess Donovan's not here? I can call her, or an interpreter--"
Then, glaring at his own reflection in disgust, he flips them both back to silence.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
Sherlock, somewhat unsurprisingly, continues to pout.
thought he was
A new seed of anger started to grow in his stomach, this time closer to righteous fury, and John took a deep breath, forcing himself to stay calm.
"John?'
"Honestly, Sherlock!" Once again, baited out by the continued silence. People were so
And it doesn't come.
one that had probably never had a friend in his life, and all he'd seen was somebody that he could use. He'd used him until there was nothing left and then discarded him like trash, and now he'd come
John nods gruffly, gritting his teeth. He doesn't answer beyond that.
"Good," John snaps. There wouldn't have been any long, drawn-out trial anyway, not with Mycroft's influence. He doesn't care.
"John-"
"But I do," Sherlock spluttered, his eyes blown wide. "I do. I do. I feel the same. I am--" He reeled to a stop to blink at John, mouth moving silently. He looked like John had just tugged on the hard reset switch in his brain. "But you're not gay."
Sherlock took another deep, steadying breath, and looked back down at the golden-brown shine of whiskey in his hand.
Sherlock swiveled back to the centrifuge, edging his voice to be as haughty and caustic as he could make it. People didn't like him at all, but they really didn't like him when he sounded overtly hostile like this. And he had not come all this way to make time for idiots. "Dr. Wilson, you said? I've read his research on organic polymerization. It's truly fascinating-- why don't you go make yourself useful and track him down, for me? I want an interview."
All right, then.
"Well, no one cares what he thinks." Sherlock groaned and dropped back, covering his face with his hands, but this time he just looked tired rather than overcome. All of this was, still, coming after a pretty damn exhausting night. "Believe it or not, I haven't always been so cavalier about my transport. Not that I was ever particular about it, but this was the first time it had ever betrayed me and I was eighteen, waking up in hospital, with a doctor telling me I had nearly died with how poorly I was taking care of myself, and that if I didn't change something then it was going to happen again."
"We may need to have a discussion about what
Greg wasn't sure what to say. Sherlock clearly had something on his mind, but he also, just as clearly, was not going to just come out and say it. But whatever it was had obviously upset him. Whatever it was was probably the reason Sherlock had turned up on his doorstep, angry and bleeding and hostile, and flinching away when Greg so much as tried to hand him an icepack.
John is sitting there now at the clearest spot at the table, a piece of toast in his hands as he waits for the kettle to boil. He can't see Sherlock very well, from that position. Just out of the corner of his eye, and if Sherlock wriggles properly down beneath the blanket, then he can't see his face.
Sherlock swallows again, forcing his shoulders to relax and his pounding heart to slow, and drops his face back into his exhausted hands.
"Sherlock."
"Sherlock,
Mycroft nodded once, his mouth thinning. He did not look remotely happy, but John wasn't exactly looking for happy, here.
He started again.
John gritted his teeth again, forcing the knot in his chest to loosen, and nodded.
would be much more interested in your internet star detective than they would an old professor about to retire." He shook his head disparagingly, already starting to turn away. "Whatever childish aspirations you have about ruining me, all you'll accomplish is dragging him right down with me. You want all those readers of yours to know that he had to sleep his way through school, and even then still couldn't cut it?"
"Oh, do
raw this morning. It was true. He slid his fingers underneath his scarf, palming the hot skin of his throat, tender and still upset with old bruises. Oh, John really was going to throw a fit at this one, wasn't he? Doctors alway tended to get very fussy about injuries in such a delicate place, and John had already proven to be especially wary about injuries to Sherlock's person in general. He...
"Nope, I'm afraid it's just me." John sat down, pulling out his own notes with a perfunctory smile. "Sorry, but you'll have to wait if you want to meet the famous hat detective."
"Just for now," Sherlock allays. He waves his hand airily, a second dismissive flick of the wrist; with his usual options of flouncing and pacing restrained, he's starting to get rather good at telling people off with just waver of his fingers. "Until the baby is born. It will be easiest for you, this way, John- if you are to change your mind."
Four minutes.
Sherlock wilted, and withered, and very slowly expired due to sheer boredom.
And Sherlock--
Mycroft glowers and is breathless, milk pale and just as angry as his brother, but beaten. He knows when he is beaten and that is the look on his face as he stands upright in a quick, graceless jerk.
Whichever one it was, the least John could do was provide.
John is, how he looks so small and unassuming to idiots and morons but his hands know what they are doing and if someone tries to punch him, they're getting punched back twice as hard. God, he
I love you," he whispered into Sherlock's skin. Those three words, those words right there, Sherlock didn't think he'd
Sherlock wasn't exactly the sort of distinguished alumnus to often get flattering letters in the mail from his alma mater.
he cried. "They wouldn't get us the new one at Eton, they didn't want to train us to use it, but here it is! Just like the catalogue!"
And John dropped back into his chair in sheer relief.
and he's
They do end up at Angelo's after all, though not that same night. John insists on waiting until Sherlock's temperature has been normal for twenty-four hours before agreeing to a night out in celebration, but when the night comes, it's no question. It's Angelo's. They've always gone there often, because Sherlock dislikes
Sherlock didn't care, one way or the other.
Sherlock Holmes does not
"Yes. Let me fix things with Sherlock, and then I'll start fixing things with you. I promise. Whatever I have to do, Rosie." He rubbed her back again and let her tug curiously on his hair, bouncing her very gently. "Maybe we'll go to see Sherlock in a few days, when he's feeling better? Would you like that? He's missed you so much, you know."
Sherlock is finally transferred out of intensive care, and, most oddly, into orthopedics.
"No investigating on your own this time, though. I'm serious, you two," Greg started from the front seat, his eyes on the road. "There are about a dozen reasons why you shouldn't be on this case and-- hang on, text from Donovan..."
Then the wire connects, and it's like a lightbulb being twisted all the way in. It's small and restrained and almost sweet, for a smart-mouthed genius that had probably been one more comment away from flipping him off, but what he looks up at him with then is a smile. It takes everything John has to not give in right then and there, and sink down on the couch to hug him.
"Perhaps there is hope for your deductive prowess yet."
Day...
No, he had most certainly not liked Irene Adler like
It's a suffocating dust, every graceful pad of Sherlock's footsteps grinding in his ears, every breath resoundingly loud because there's
He considered setting the damn thing on fire.
"I'm coming in," he says sternly, rattling the door a final time. "I hope you're decent, Sherlock."
Lestrade moans, and all but covers his face with his hands. "You can't be serious."
Sherlock kissed him for one moment, two moments, three. He made a soft sound into John's mouth, but it wasn't until the second time that he recognised it as a dry, cracked sob. "John," he groaned, and sagged forwards into the crook of his neck. "It's all-- we only--"
After his little speech, Sherlock simply sat there in perfect silence, long limbs draped all over the sofa and his features hard again, as if carved from a block of stone. He glared across the room and not at John, anger brimming in his eyes, but there was something underneath it. Something that John didn't quite understand, but he could at least translate as hurt. Hurt. John's assumption about his sexuality, his apparently incredibly off-base assumption, had hurt him.
moving from his throat to his fingers, but he'd already sworn to not get up from this sofa until he'd accomplished what he'd set out to do. So he lifts a theme from a Bach partita, and he develops it out with elementary music theory. Measure after measure, all the way down the page.
"For what it's worth," the lead of the team says to John, "the Broca's area seemed to be as active as I'd expect. It's hard to gauge it, since he refused to participate in the parts of the exam where he was meant to speak. But..."
"John," Mycroft greets, up on his feet with a click of his umbrella. He nods at Sherlock, still balled in his chair, and slides past John in the doorway like a snake. "Good afternoon, then."
This wouldn't do. This wouldn't do
Sherlock put his fork down with a faint clatter, and decided to stop pretending.
If he can do anything that he puts his mind to, then he should have no trouble at all opening his mouth, and talking.
And either John gets dressed to go with him right now, or Sherlock goes on his own.
Sherlock shrugged easily, looking away. "I imagine not. He's a finances student who only signed up for the course on a dare that he wouldn't be able to pass. He should've gone for organic-- much easier."
"Good news, Dr. Watson," he says, shutting his case file with a
No answer. No answer.
Mycroft was already typing furiously on a second phone, likely summoning the full strength of his office for all the help he could get. "I'm not angry, Sherlock," he started, his voice strained, "though a bit disgusted, I--"
Still, there in no response. There is no response at all.
"He's assigning the problem to Mary. Unofficially, of course. If she is able to handle the problem in such a way that it can not be proved or traced back to her, then she'll have fulfilled her part of the bargain."
"You can tell me."
John's own smile grew strained. For just a moment, Sherlock's low, self-assured voice echoed in his head.
"All right," Ella said gently, holding a hand up in unresisting surrender. "You don't feel it was abusive. All right-- then let's look at it another way. Imagine it wasn't Sherlock that you had feelings for, John. Imagine that it wasn't a man at all. Just... a woman that you'd met at work, that you have no prior history with at all. No faked suicides, or drug addictions, none of the things that make it so complicated with Sherlock. Would you still be willing to try a relationship, with her? Or would you still be wary-- just like you are with him?"
god damn him. "Is something wrong with--"
This wasn't supposed to be about him! That was the point; didn't Sherlock get that? This wasn't about
here. Someone that Sherlock wanted to impress, if he wanted to find a mentor here, and the chance to stay.
Just like that, all the pieces slid into place.
But then he pivoted back around to face John, swiveling around on squeaky shoes to look down at him with those big eyes, his face hard and even paler than before. "John," he started, "is it... is it--" He curled a hand over his stomach, wrenching his shirt into a tight knot in his fist and licking his lips. "Is it normal, to feel... before a date, like I..."
find his card stabbed there next to the skull?"
He kissed him long and hard and breathless. He held his collar and he shoved his tongue into his mouth. He felt Oscar's surprised intake of breath against his face, but he never tried to stop him, he never even protested, so Sherlock kissed him and hated every slimy, wet second of it, and he kept kissing him until his lungs strained for air and stepped back with one final suck at his mouth.
"For assaulting his wife." Sherlock hands the mobile back and rubs his cold hands together, and
It felt like he'd just been served a plate of... of expensive oysters or caviar or escargot. Something very wonderful and socially acceptable, that he was meant to be excited for. And yet it did nothing but turn his stomach.
Hmph.
of the year, it's not even a question.
There was more, there. There was so much more that John wanted to say and couldn't.
Sherlock spins around so fast his coat swirls, perked back up as if electrified. The light switch in his head flips back on, his eyes gone bright and locked with John's, a live wire of rough hands and wild hair that bolts to him like a bloody magnet.
detail about the ridiculous scene he sees right now, and save it in the closest thing he has to a mind palace of his own.
Sherlock, however, has never been adept at navigating human sentiment.
Next to him, Sherlock, still, does not react at all. He sits there, his fingers curled tightly and his sharp eyes narrowed, staring down at the files. He refuses to react in any way whatsoever.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
Sherlock drew himself again up to his full height. It was ridiculous, but he couldn't help himself from preening, just a little. He was bright and proud of himself and glowing, absolutely
And--!
have them, no matter how vehemently he denies that they are nothing more than the fly in the ointment for the stupid-- they're stuck in his rat nest of a head. John can vent to any number of his friends, many of whom care about Sherlock too and are worried about him. Sherlock has nothing. Sherlock has no one.
didn't like Dr. Andrews.
He lingers next to the still unmade bed, his mind racing.
This has clearly been a travesty of an idea right from the start.
"Here you go," he said, pressing the glass into his hands. "Just a little something to help you relax."
And Sherlock?
The weekends without a case are the worst.
doing a horrible thing, sitting here in the flat looking at Sherlock's
That's not true, anymore.
, Sherlock thought, his scarf hauled free and let to pool downwards on the floor
Sherlock shoots him an exasperated look, eviscerating him inside and out with nothing more than the force of his brilliant eyes. His expression is absolutely and totally
He looks at John closer, a look of derision crossing his face, and sends another message.
He can do this. There is nobody here that knows him. There is nobody here that is even watching or listening. He is just a man walking a dog. There are no expectations to meet, or requirements for him to fail. It is just him, and Bosco.
1. Sherlock (horribly) hurts John. John (undeservedly) forgives (wretched, loathsome, unforgivable) Sherlock.
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow. "An iPad," he says, allowing John to rest the tablet in his hands. "What, exactly, am I meant to do with this?"
John closed his eyes, and started to count to ten.
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock, you were--" John cut off to squeeze his eyes shut, fighting back another wave of fury. "What would you say, if Lestrade brought home the new intern at the Yard? The sixteen year old girl that's still in school?"
Liar.
He won't abide by this any longer.
John took a deep breath, and closed his eyes.
John just sat there in his chair, his arms folded and his face grey in the lack of light, and glared into space. For several long moments, he said nothing at all, just chewing on the inside of his cheek and just a shade away from murderous.
This time, she comes in-person, stopping by late enough that it's after work. She's dressed to the nines under a heavy coat, hair shiny and styled and hauled back all into a sloppy ponytail, and the way she carries herself is particularly miserable.
"I need you to give me time. Okay? You... don't just forgive me for this. And don't say it was okay or I was entitled or any of that
"...you all right, Dr. Watson?"
, synapses that remember and dendrites that branched that not even he or Mycroft can delete at a whim.
Sherlock," he snapped, and it came out with more force than intended, but he had to say this. "You don't. You really don't. And it's... okay, I get that neither of us want to talk about this, but we have to. I should've said this days ago and maybe it doesn't bother you, but it bothers me. All right?"
Sometimes, he needs a bit of help to get back on track.
He swallows hard, glaring down at the two files. He wishes Mycroft would close them. "So it's finished, then? They're all dead. The case is over."
Cambridge University.
"No, no. No, you
He kisses John in an empty train car.
But, what, exactly?
with him? "Don't take too long!" he shouted back, and shut the door behind him for good measure.
"Sherlock, for god's sake, I'm telling you I love you too.
say it.
Sherlock grimaced again, still safely facedown, and swallowed the surge of self-loathing back into his throat. Disgust turned into rage, thick and poisonous and coating the inside of his veins like sludge.
John is staring at him, his face unreadable but unhappy, and Sherlock doesn't know
He set kettle up to boil in a continued silence. It was awkward, again, painfully, unbearably awkward, the same quiet that had suffocated the flat the last time John had been here, on Sherlock's birthday. There was still this gap between them, a space that had never been there before, and John didn't know what to do to breech it.
John can not bear to look at him now. He can not physically turn his head the requisite few inches to see the betrayed look on Sherlock's face.
The tense silence that had suffocated his flat with Mary by the end, broken only by Rosie crying in the middle of the night, was not.
"I see," Sherlock said quietly, his voice low again. He shifted and pretty transparently swallowed a wince, his arms still curled around his torso and stomach, and his miraculous eyes finally,
"Inpatient--"
"Are you okay?"
Because there is nothing John can do against Mycroft Holmes, the man who has tea with the head of the NHS, golf with a judge, and biscuits with the Queen. Sherlock does not fit the criteria for sectioning, but that's not the question that will be asked. John can throw him out of the flat with that baseball bat right now, and that does not change the fact that Mycroft has the power to take Sherlock away.
"He was always an arrogant bugger, just as bad as he seems in the news. Didn't quite seem to figure the difference between asking questions and showing off-- and there were so many rumors about him at the time, but his grades in my class at least always backed it up, so I suppose I can't complain..."
John did.
He's not quite sure what his plans are, after this. He needs to get back to the flat, to put away the milk and the other things that need the fridge, but after that he's still torn. It all depends on how Sherlock is doing. It also all depends on how willing Sherlock is towards tolerating John at the flat today.
"Oh my god.
"What do you mean he never showed up? Where was he?"
Seeing that is just about the only thing that allows John to hold his tongue, and stop himself from hauling the sly, procrastinating twat up the wall.
If this piece of
Silence.
And what else after that, then? The ambulance and police sirens?
, and then wound up at a cake place after shouting at him about Irene Adler.
Sherlock frowned back down at the envelope in his hands.
to follow them. "Come on, you'll be fine. It's not even that long of a ride. I'll be back in less than an hour! You can stay put that long."
He reels to a nauseated halt.
That's it. That's all he'll say.
Sherlock flinched back as badly as if Greg had smacked him. He pressed backwards away from his hand and then jerked back forwards as if on a string.
. It is most common in
He'd never seen him like this.
Sherlock ignored him completely, instead lifting a pair of trousers as well (thankfully, not the bottoms from the set of fluorescent yellow traffic cop's uniform). "Is this serviceable?" He held out the full set out like it was a radioactive specimen and frowned at it. "It's a pity. I'd replicate one of your questionable date ensembles, but I am sorely lacking in hideous jumpers."
Trying to.
"...I suppose it is. But..." He hesitates, looking over Sherlock with a trained, tired eye. "Are you sure you'll be all right? It's not for that much longer- and you'd have to
If Sherlock could live without cocaine and heroin to turn off whatever hell he was feeling right now, then John was pretty sure he could live without that.
It was something he'd never forgive his dad for. It was also something he'd never forgive himself for.
She has the look of someone who's been sent here. By John, most likely- requested to
"I think that you don't want Sherlock to be hurt. And he has been hurt a lot, lately. I also think your feelings about Sherlock seeing someone can't be as defined as simply as you want them to be." Ella broke off to smile at him, just for a moment, something warm that felt like a hand up for the first time all session. "I also think that you don't have anything to worry about."
John smiles crookedly, his face dim in the dark. "There you are," he jokes. His hair is still drying from his shower, and his dressing gown is that absolutely
Next, he tried to pawn him off on Mrs. Hudson.
It's ludicrous. Sherlock doesn't know why he bothers pretending, at this point. It could not possibly be any more apparent, even to someone as average-minded as John: Sherlock Holmes needs John Watson.
Because-"
(See the end of the chapter for
Not that he's even capable of that much, now, is he? Not anymore. Because he is a
John reads the note. He blinks, and reads it a second time. His face does a strange, curious thing, one that is particularly difficult to read underneath already red eyes and congestion and the deep creases of the pillow.
"And I
Sherlock sniffs a laugh and has to fight to keep it in his throat. He and Mycroft are two peas in a pod, aren't they?
not bedsides and tears. He's not interested in anything but the pictures.
At half past nine at night, totally alone and on an utterly isolated campus, John met Dr. Oscar Wilson properly for the first time.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
You're incredible, Sherlock, you know that? Absolutely incredible!" He crouched down for a moment, looking him in the eye again very closely, and smiled. "You know? I've got a suggestion for you."
Donovan at last raises her hands, giving up the fight. "All right,
The facade falls, and there it is.
"All right, I'll just,"
Yes, likely so. It's a bit more than a few steps.
But it was too late. The seed had been planted, and now Sherlock was sitting there, looking downtrodden and bruised and thoroughly unhappy, and asking him about romantic entanglement and ordinary and... happiness.
His gaze lowers back down to his brother's body. The look on his face is-- indescribable.
"Yeah. It's me." He stood back, extending a hand out to Sherlock. "You might as well come in."
That this is a life he's still very, very afraid of losing. Because it's
"Euphemism." He has
room, and his insight is worth several dozen times more than any of the rubbish spewed by any of these
"Everyone knew what Oscar was. The entire student body knew, and most of the faculty at least recognised him as an incompetent scientist that slapped his name on others' work. But the rumors of what he did with students were... everyone
John isn't home. He could start with just a little dose, just the smallest amount, and snorted, to hit the quickest and hardest and flip the switch in his head that he
exhausted, and he's starting to realise that there may not be any way to fix it.
Sherlock clips Lestrade's badge to the waistband of his trousers, and bars the moron's way.
He keeps his fingernails cut obsessively short, so he can not scratch himself. He tries to keep a cigarette in hand, so he can't bite his lips or the inside of his cheek. He participates in John's little daily conversations of the mundane and the boring. And John notices all the efforts he's making. John, for some reason, feels the need on the regular to tell him
Mycroft blanches, his unshakable composure rocked and shattered just like that. For the first time, there's three people rattled in this room instead of two.
This wouldn't end like Sherlock and Victor had. For any number of reasons, really, but he heard what Sherlock was most worried about there, and it wouldn't happen. That couldn't happen to them.
Next to him, Sherlock flinches violently again, rocking backwards against the wall. He goes back to stock still, the bookcase still rattling behind them, and the only motion there is from the corner of his eye is the wretched heaving of breath. He sounds like a cornered, terrified animal.
Okay. Okay.
"Sherlock," John rasps. "Give me a sheet." His hot fingers tug on Sherlock's bare foot and he blinks slowly, the words muddy and tired. "And can you call in to Sarah for me, please? Email. Laptop's on the table. Password is-- what am I saying, you already know my password..."
They ate. John interrogated him for details on their latest case and took notes for his next blog post, and Sherlock kept trying to steal his pen to scratch out the the puns he
Sherlock rolls his eyes, not bothering to respond to that one. Francis does not possess quite the level of normal idiocy, so common among barely licensed therapists, but he does seem unable to restrain himself from offering useless platitudes from time to time. They all must have their vices, after all.
was he sitting here, wearing a
Then he swiveled back around without another word, and flopped down onto Greg's couch like a tree being felled.
It's healthy, Sherlock; I would know."
John's eyes turned away, his fingers still jittering nervously on his thigh. He clenched his jaw and looked as if he wanted to hit something.
Now, to take a leap forward in time! :D
John's not going to let that go unanswered, of course. John is a good man and a good doctor, and therefore is going to make this into a
John jerked upright out of a half-doze, clutching his glass and his phone back to his chest to blink furiously in the dark. No messages still. 10:45. That was late enough to be a very good date, not so late that--.
"What is it? I can hear you thinking. It's annoying."
he walked back to his former professor.
John shivers again, a weight settled in his chest and fucking hell, it hurts to breathe. He's sitting here, and it hurts to breathe, and for just one moment he wants to scream himself hoarse and not stop until he doesn't have anything to scream anymore.
That night, after John has stumbled into bed, and then some. Hours later, when he is very, very sure that John is absolutely, dead asleep.
"Okay," he agreed sourly, and thusly began to consider how best to continue The Plan.
He can't do it.
There was another period of silence, Sherlock averting his eyes again to stare down at his tea, expressionless. He was cold and pale and perfectly in control, but the tight curl of his fingers in his lap told John exactly how calm he wasn't.
for why his blood pressure got so high in the middle of the night it tripped an alarm, but the truth is disgusting and not permitted under any circumstance.
I thought--"
His eyelids still don't even flutter. His vitals look exactly the same as before.
"What is this?"
let you have one normal night, and I--"
"An update on the case, of course. The last two individuals responsible appear to have been found."
He still can't do it with John, yet. Or at crime scenes, or in Molly's morgue, or with clients at Baker Street. It's never anywhere that it actually matters. An address given to a cabbie, a greeting to the boy with the delivery Thai, asking a cashier for the cigarettes behind the counter. Short, brief interactions, ones that he can write a script for in his head, ironing out every syllable and contour past the point where it's anything but autopilot. It's the same strategy he'd employed as a child, away at boarding school, but now it's even easier; now he
"That's not enough, Mycroft. That, on its own, is not enough. And that's all that it is." He looks at Sherlock, because he
"Stay," he said. "You want to. I know you do."
He stared into Sherlock's eyes, not letting go, not letting him shy away. Because this was non-negotiable. He meant this and he
Hence... the plan.
just give me the chance to explain."
and... and Mary wouldn't say anything. She just watched as the ambulance left."
He leaves the bow in the case, tucking the instrument under his chin to play pizzicato instead. Because John is surely asleep, and he doesn't want to wake John. John and Mrs. Hudson are always telling him to be considerate and not to play in the middle of the night, aren't they? This is the polite thing to do, the normal thing to do.
Sherlock is barely listening to the reprimand. He's back to being one bristling ball of impatience and nerves, but the urgency in him has vanished like water rolling down the drain. He's no longer even trying.
For someone who'd never had a proper relationship before, he sure knew how to cuddle. Or he was just still so tired from the night before he hadn't yet built up any of his usual walls.
It’s not only petty but greedy. Sherlock has John now—that should be enough. But he finds his longing for John is vast—immeasurable. There is no end to his wanting. He wants to know every version of John. That there should be a John that only Sally has known—will ever know—it makes something jagged open up inside of Sherlock.
He’s determined to stay to the meal’s conclusion, so that he might speak with Miss Hooper and her aunt before they retire early, as they always do, before the bottle of port is passed around among the gentlemen.
John’s eyes flicker back up to him.
Sherlock’s shoulders still feel stiff and sore and he cannot bear the thought of his body’s potential failure again so soon, so he heads back up top, hoping against hope that he will have just one glimpse of John.
He experiences one moment of real terror as he plummets backward, only to find that his foot was on the last step, and there isn’t far to fall.
Sherlock hears the sounds of pewter cups clinking together, but another sailor speaks over the congratulatory chuckling.
Sherlock recognizes the voice at once. It’s Billy.
He takes a deep breath, rubbing his palms down his thighs in an effort to clear his head.
I would like to dedicate this chapter to my lovely new friend,
It’s only the matter of a few minutes’ work to lead Molly to the abandoned space behind the foremast, where mercifully, no drunken individuals have yet set up camp—everyone is eagerly crowded around the fore hatch where Colonel Jackson is challenging members of the crew to an arm-wrestling match (he appears to be losing quite stupendously, but doing so in good spirits; the sound of his hearty laughter each time someone pins his arm echoing over the gold-stained ocean around them); and just a few minutes more to make his way up to the quarterdeck and report to Lieutenant Lestrade that there’s some trouble brewing that needs his immediate attention.
if you catch me.”
Sherlock dips his head to Miss Hooper’s ear, speaking quickly. “The Lieutenant is out of danger. He’s sleeping now, but he should be fully recovered by morning. It seems that someone may have had… ill intentions against him.”
It was brutally clear to him in that moment how powerless he was to stop Stevens from crushing all the air from his lungs with one clench of his fingers.
“J-John…”
Sherlock feels John’s fingers drop to the front of his trousers, which still hang partly fastened at his hips, and push them off.
“Certainly not! It’s far too hot this morning. Molly will remain indoors with me and we will work on her cross-stitch.”
John, in turn, had never felt so affected by another person. In all his past relationships, even in the giddy, early days of uncontrollable lust—it had never been like this. What he felt for Sherlock—what he’d always felt, and what it had grown into now, was nothing like John had ever experienced.
John’s hand strokes down the back of his neck. “When was the last time you slept?”
Down the corridor he will walk, softly—so softly—as carefully as he has ever dared to step, listening all the while for any stray movement, any sound of alarm, every muscle in his body tensed, poised for action, until he comes to a halt outside Sherlock’s door.
Sherlock starts to stroke John, slowly at first, still in too much awe over the feel of John under his fingers to pay attention to the rhythm of his movement.
Sherlock falls into line behind them, not from any desire for their company, or from any want of food, but with the thought that maybe if Mr. Knott is present at the morning meal, Sherlock can attempt to strike up a conversation with him.
He is trying to pull the thought into focus—why he should maybe
In the last forty-eight hours he’d seen Sherlock come undone more times than he could count. It felt like weeks ago now, but the events on the ship, the fire, their conversation the next morning—that had happened
“Keep holding still.”
For even if Sherlock is certain now that the Captain is responsible, what’s also certain is that the man wasn’t present at the party, so he must be working with an accomplice.
him—his
, who weathered the final years of her PhD program while editing piles and piles of angsty smut for me, always offering heartfelt encouragement to John and Sherlock in the margins.
John shakes his head, his eyes full of sorrow.
“What else did he say?” His voice is a dry croak.
Sherlock can feel his whole face flushing warm with pleasure in response.
“Over zealous?” John looks up at him with a grin. “I told you, you had nothing to worry about. They already like you.”
A lot has happened in the MONTH (I know, terrible) since I posted the last chapter. I have made a
He makes short work of cleaning the last of himself with the cold, dingy water, and then rubbing himself dry with the length of clean fabric he uses for a towel, scrubbing his skin until it is warm and tingling.
the sound of John’s breathing change—quickening infinitesimally—as the callouses on the pads of his roughened fingers drag over the soft skin of Sherlock’s throat.
“Sherlock.”
“Billy!” Sherlock hisses, darting forward under the low-hanging beams that separate the two halves of the ship, careful to keep his voice low so as not to be overheard by anyone in the nearby rooms.
“Why?” Sherlock whispers, suddenly apprehensive that someone might see them, even though he knows they are safely hidden from view by the bulk of the cannon. He cranes his head back to look up at the man on watch in the foretop, but the white curve of the foresail blocks him from Sherlock’s line of sight. They are hidden from view on all sides, shrouded by the canvas of the sails.
John shut his eyes and drew a deep breath.
He’s so lost in the sensation of the sun on his throat and the memories it conjures up of John’s sun-warmed, sliding mouth that it takes him a moment to register that someone has settled beside him on the railing.
Sherlock watches John’s expression soften visibly. His hand slides up into Sherlock’s curls, drawing him down for a kiss. “Oh, you lovely thing.”
He wants to tell John that time apart is the last thing he wants when they only have so little time together, but he also appreciates John’s consideration of his desires, and his thoughtful assessment that Sherlock’s desires may well differ from his own. Once again John has demonstrated his selflessness, his exceptional regard for the concerns of those other than himself.
Sherlock whimpers, quickening the pace of his strokes, imagining John’s calloused fingers sliding down to curl in the hair at the base of his cock, John’s hot mouth coming down to place a kiss against the corner of Sherlock’s parted lips.
Sherlock crawled over the leather seat until he was pressed hard against John’s side. He laid his head on John’s shoulder, one arm curling possessively over the front of John’s stomach. His hand fisted in the material of John’s jumper.
, and then recoils in horror at how stiff and formal it sounds. He thinks about writing,
John felt Sherlock’s teeth graze his neck, felt the material of Sherlock’s trousers bunch against the bare skin of his cock as he rutted against John.
The sweet press of his mouth, the scrape of his teeth, John lost himself to all of it—he never wanted to forget this moment with Sherlock warm and heavy in his lap, pushing his erection into the heat of John’s belly, his hands cradling John’s neck.
John curled into a ball under the covers and attempted to untangle the knot of self-hatred that throbbed like a living thing inside his chest. He would never betray Sherlock at Moriarty’s prompting but what filled him with shame was how badly he had wanted Sherlock in that moment, in every moment, and the reality that Sherlock would never feel the same way.
“Ah, good afternoon, John. To what do I owe—”
Sherlock drops his head, his cheeks burning. He is certain his entire face has caught fire.
Sherlock had nodded dutifully, wiping the last of the tears off his cheeks with the back of his hand, feeling slightly dizzy from the whiskey.
If she didn’t already look so apologetic, John would be furious.
As his eyes catch hers, Miss Hooper drops into a nervous curtsy of acknowledgment before hurrying away toward the stairs.
“But you’re not particularly linguistically gifted, are you? Not so skilled in that area.” He let the knife drop. “No. Something else then… Something more valuable.”
Sweat is trickling down his forehead into his eyes. Sherlock blinks hard, tries to blink the sweat out of his eyes without moving his fists from their position where they are now protecting his face.
“There’s no guarantee, is there?”
Molly nods frantically over the top of her pint. The pewter tankards aren’t all that big but somehow it makes her look smaller than ever when she has it in her hands. Maybe it’s just because Sherlock has never seen Molly with a pint before.
, for his playing, as much as they are cheering for Aidan, and Fionn, and John.
After diving headfirst into the freezing dark water, it had taken Sherlock only a minute or so of blind thrashing to locate John, at which point he’d thrown his arms around him and cried out reassuringly, “Don’t worry! I’ve got you!”
“Yes, my love?”
Sherlock is torn between feeling helpless at John’s side, frustrated that he cannot be of more assistance, and relieved that John has not asked for his help so that he can concentrate all his efforts on watching John, taking in every facet of this new side of him.
Sherlock experiences a half-second of shocked indignation at the thought of his bare arse on the surface of his desk, but then all other thoughts are obliterated from his mind by the presence of John’s mouth returning to Sherlock’s chest and licking—warm and wet over each of his nipples—before sucking the peaked flesh hard into his mouth.
It takes several moments before Sherlock can open his eyes again, and remember he is sitting on the damp floor of his cabin, naked and wet—fingers still slippery with soap. The bucket of water is cold beside him.
From where he’s crouched, he watches a pair of polished black boots approach the desk.
John reaches up to brush his thumb over the corner of Sherlock’s lips, as if to coax his mouth into a smile. “Alright?”
Sherlock watches the emotions on John’s face shift, rippling like the wind through the grass, changing so fast he doesn’t have time to discern one from the other.
“But—”
until saliva was running down his chin and over the crease of Sherlock’s arse, until Sherlock came, screaming, his cock untouched.
“Some of the sailors, sir. Members of John’s mess. They’re tryin’ to figure out the best time to do it. I expect…” Billy stuffs his hat back onto his head with sudden purpose, jutting out his chin. “I expect I’ll be bringing word with the details soon.”
Sherlock is suddenly very conscious of the way the look of shock on Lestrade’s face is transforming to a much softer expression as he continues to stare at Molly, and of the way Molly seems to be radiating a quiet kind of joy at his side as she looks back at him, and all at once he’s painfully aware of the fact that his presence is no longer required.
“John.” Something in Sherlock’s voice softened. “Come here.”
Sherlock clings to John’s arm with his free hand, John’s words slipping over him like beads of mist in the spray of an ocean wave, lost in the pleasure of John’s tight fist around him, John’s other hand kneading the flesh of his arse, pulling Sherlock closer against his body.
“Shh.” John presses a finger to Sherlock’s lips. “I won’t hear of it.”
“Perhaps, little brother, when I realised how vulnerable you are.”
Weeks go by. They receive cards and condolences, hugs and tears. The teddy bear still sits on the middle pillow. It’s 04:03am and finally,
“We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we’re meeting; I don’t even know your name.”
"Always."
"I'm going to reiterate this, John. You look absolutely ridiculous in beanies."
All Lestrade can hear now is Sherlock’s heavy breathing, occasionally interrupted by a sharp intake of breath as he weeps.
He is my world. The emotions I once thought I was incapable of are suddenly overwhelming, engulfing me in a tide of admiration and awe. He never ceases to amaze me and for that I will be forever grateful.
No matter how much I like to believe I am a high functioning sociopath, I do not think I can tell him this by myself without becoming emotional. I tell Dr Pace that I would prefer it if she told him.
The atmosphere at school changed completely and it was hateful. The way people looked at me as if I may break made me so angry. And I did get angry. So bloody angry at the most ridiculous little things until one day, I flipped out completely in the chemistry lab.
“Huh? Oh, no. None.” He began fiddling with a thread on his jumper, deliberately avoiding eye contact with his therapist. Of course he knew that Ella was trying to help him but he really,
“Wonderful.”
“I’m not going to die.”
John had to admit that Ella had a valid point.
"Exactly. Shut up." My knuckles began to hurt from where I had balled my fist together, willing myself not to punch something- or someone.
It wasn't until I felt a hand slap to my face and Greg shouting my name did I stop my rant. I glanced my eyes downwards, looking Greg in the face. "Sherlock," he said, a stern tone to his words that I had not heard before. "Stop it. John wouldn't want this."
"You don't know that!" The younger man shouted, raising his voice at his fiancé. And that's when he lost it, all of the emotions finally hitting him. "It's fucking killing me, John. Knowing I can't do anything to help you. Knowing that any day could be your last. I don't want to waste this time at bloody university. I want to be with you and the only thing preventing me from doing that is that ridiculous place. I didn't want you to know how much this is hurting me John but it is. It's hurting so bloody much. I can't bear the thought of you dying, I don't want to think about it! But I can't help it because it's a fact and I can't just
“We’re on the hospital grounds.” John responded, hand hovering above the packet.
"Oh nothing."
"Sherlock?" John says my name steadily.
“Let’s just say that no one should trust your cousins with the responsibility of projections. Ever.” Mr Holmes grimaces as he cuts up his potato before shoving it into his mouth and shaking his head. Mrs Holmes begins speaking.
"In here, darling." An audible sigh of relief tumbled from John's lungs as he heard his mother's quiet voice. The grip on Sherlock's hand loosened and John guided him through into the kitchen.
"You know, I probably could. But I want some beanies first. And a kiss." The detective rolled his eyes and stood up, making his way over to John before planting a tender kiss to his lips.
All Lestrade could do was nod his head. Sherlock was right- he couldn’t die. Not right now.
She looks at her Papa, then at her Daddy. “I love you.” She says to them both.
I turn to Dr Pace who seems to understand what I'm trying to say to her. She knows we need our privacy now, despite my request for her to stay and tell him. She tells us that she'll be back in half an hour.
Immediately Lestrade is kneeling in front of me, both hands resting on each wheel of my chair. He's trying to control my breathing, mimicking a regular breathing pattern to try and control me. Mycroft is speaking to the driver.
The look on his face when I told him that was so beautiful, so gorgeous, so Sherlock.
“You couldn’t have stopped that from happening.”
The detective pulls out his phone, looks at the picture of him and John that he had set as his wallpaper. They were at their spot, like usual. The lake was in the background, sparkling as the sun beamed down on it and created a beautiful creation of distorted pictures. Sherlock couldn't help but smile.
I knew what it was like to want to kill myself. Even as a teenager I knew all too well what it was like to feel that. To feel utterly drained, as if there was no way out of that agonising, painful moment that seemed all too consuming. I never had anyone to talk to about it. He did.
Here's Chapter Two! I hope you've been enjoying it so far. Please lead me some feedback and tell me your thoughts!
because he also knows that if he were to do that, Sherlock would be taken away to a police cell, locked away for an indefinite amount of time and deprived of any last connections to John.
What was the point? Honestly, what was the point in all of this?
We didn't have enough time. We should have had more but we didn't, we couldn't.
“Mother has asked me to let you know that dinner is ready. We’re having roast.” And with that, Mycroft left.
"Sherlock." His voice is frightened, not the same John Watson.
I managed to.
John ran his hand over his head, stroking his fingers through his hair but only to pull it back and find clumps of blonde resting in his palm. A couple of strands drifted to his feet as he retracted his hand, cascading gracefully to the ground. The medical student stared at his hand, not quite willing to register what exactly had happened.
"I do believe that that is none of your business."
“Before midnight.”
“He stopped breathing in the ambulance-“
“Rest, Sherlock. Even if you don’t sleep. Just try and relax, even for a couple of hours.” He goes over to the bed.
He panicked, totally unprepared for John's sudden collapse. They had been walking along the university grounds when John had started to become breathless. But before he knew it, John's legs had given way and he had just fallen, desperate for breath and struggling.
“Sher-“His voice cuts out. He can’t find it in himself to speak.
“Putting on a brave face.” John responds, setting the mug on the counter. He doesn’t feel like drinking. “Still keeping Rosie entertained, despite everything. She doesn’t want to leave his side. It’s always
From where he was sitting, Sherlock heard the voice which was undoubtedly that of his brother’s. All traces of sadness were gone from Mrs Hudson’s voice as she said. “I thought Sherlock left you at the hospital?”
"That's it John," Sherlock continued, helping to prop John up so his back was against the wooden legs of the bench. "There we go."
remember where-“
One of John's nurses, a polite young woman named Eleanor, attends to John throughout the day.
“Found it!” Lestrade, who had since made his way around the living room of 221B, held up a small packet of white powder and gestured towards it with his thumb. “Think this is all?” He quickly glanced at Mrs Hudson, before lowering the packet down. “Sherlock.” He said, running a hand through his hair. “This is for the best.”
“What do you want, Mycroft?”
Mrs Watson obeyed without question. She stumbled through into the other room and was on the phone immediately. The numbers were dialled within seconds but Sherlock zoned out on what was being said- he needed John.
"He has a slight concussion and required stitches on his forehead aswell as on his lower lip. Apart from that, he has not received any severe damage to the head and the bruising and swelling should go down within the next few days."
John's slumped over the toilet seat, head hanging forward slightly and vomiting until there is nothing left to throw up. I kneel beside him and gently place my hand against his shoulder, rubbing at his back soothingly whilst he spills his stomach's contents. I know not to talk to him whilst he is in this state- his request.
There is silence, a cold, sharp silence that tears into Lestrade like a knife reaching for his internal organs. There’s no returning from it. The damage is done and it becomes significantly clear when Sherlock eventually moves, his legs giving way as he collapses onto the floor.
He only gets weaker, loses more weight. John spends most of the day sleeping, oxygen with him at all times, as I work on cases from home. I won't leave him. The only time we leave the house is for hospital appointments and even then, he is unable to walk. He just doesn't have the energy anymore and so he has his wheelchair.
"They think everything's going to be fucking okay." John slurred, a glass bottle of alcohol between his fingers. He was slumped against his bedroom wall, head lolling to the side as he muttered through his words. I kneeled in front of him, one hand resting on his kneecap, the other enclosed around the bloody knuckles that he had just slammed into the mirror.
They remain quiet for possibly only minutes but for Lestrade, it seems like a lifetime. Sherlock is the one who speaks up first.
The sound of an owl hooting in a nearby tree distracts Sherlock from the flame, causing him to momentarily jump in his spot. He releases a gasp as he flinches, dropping the lighter into his lap as he does so. Sherlock cards his hand through his curls, ruffling them up slightly. The sky is now black, dark clouds beginning to engulf the stars, another darkness taking over.
“I’m not going to be the one who tells them that you are dead.”
I was terrified. I still am. I don't know what to do anymore without you. It's been exactly one month since you've been gone. I've been hospitalised once. It's ridiculous. I survived a war. Who knew that it would be being back in London that would kill me?
Sherlock stepped out of the car and slammed the door shut, before retrieving his case from the boot. “See you in a month!” Lestrade called from inside the car. “And stick with it!”
"I need to, Sherlock. I can't. I can't hide you from them any longer. You are the most amazing, beautiful, wonderful thing that has happened to me and I want them to see that too." John leaned in closer and pressed his lips to Sherlock's, forgetting all of his worries just for the briefest of moments. Just then, it was the two of them. Sherlock and John. Nobody and nothing else mattered for those fraction of a few seconds.
“Sherlock, I’m going to need you to give me the gun.” Lestrade says, his voice remaining quiet as he edges nearer to the man on the floor.  “Please.” He says, but his voice breaks slightly.
“How’s she doing?” Lestrade asks, taking his coat off and placing it on the rack, before following John up the stairs. “I won’t stay long. I know you and Sherlock need some space.”
Before Mycroft could continue Sherlock had strolled through the doors of the ICU and into the waiting room. The three of them watched as made his way over to the seat beside Mycroft, flinging the newspaper to the floor. They all looked at him expectantly.
"James-" She began but Mr Watson cut her off, slapping his palm against the wall of John's bedroom.
"Sherlock! Can you just shut up for one bloody minute?This was an unexpected mass murder-"
“Excuse me?”
“Maybe you should just go home. Get some rest-“
“You’ll have a side room, a bit of privacy. We’ll have the porters come shortly to take you.” Dr Holden held out his hand again to the three of them and left.
It was as if a car had hit him with full force, not bothering to slow down before colliding with him. The damage was beyond repair.
"I think I need a style change."
Suddenly Mycroft feels a hand on his shoulder and he spins round to see Mycroft standing there, a look of complete and utter resignation and exhaustion plastered on his face. “I should have seen this coming.” Mycroft states, impassive. “I thought he was getting better.”
“Where is it?” Sherlock shouts. He jumps up, beginning to search the shelves. Ornaments fall to the ground, a vase shatters. The flowers gifted to them by Molly lay strewn in the fireplace with shards of glass decorating the petals. Sherlock knows he’s panicking but
Sherlock uncurled John's fingers, revealing the condom that was held tightly in it and lifted the packet to his mouth, tearing at it with his teeth. John swallowed hard, looking at Sherlock as if he wanted to devour him. "I-um-"
They are in the ambulance. Him, Sherlock, and the paramedic. At this point John’s unable to comprehend much, apart from the hand holding onto his. There are still voices with meaningless words. There is still the pressure on his chest. His eyes flutter closed, and then open again, and then closed. It’s only when they open and close once more that one of the voices registers and it’s him. It’s him, it’s him, it’s him.
He was all I ever needed.
look at him, but he can feel the pitying look that permeates throughout the room.
"Sherlock, I was thinking..." he smiled, eyes shifting downwards in embarrassment.
Once I have controlled my emotions, we enter the hospital and find ourselves in a waiting room. No one tells us what is happening to John and I start shouting, demanding someone gives me answers. I deduce the nurse at the reception desk, letting her secrets spill but even then, she will not tell me anything. Lestrade gives me a lecture about how people will not cooperate with you if you insult them, but I tell him that it's not an insult, it's a fact.
John cursed as the sharp steel-toed boot collided with his rib cage, gasping as he heard the crack of one of the bones breaking. He could smell the alcohol permeating the air, the stench lingering in his nostrils for far too long.
“And it appears that in those years you haven’t become any less stupid.” They glared at one another, eyes never losing focus.
Rosie glances up from the bathtub, a confused frown on her face. “Don’t test the flammability of fruits, Rosie. Not yet anyway. Give it a couple of years and maybe we can sort something out in the laboratory where we won’t set any of our possessions on fire and-“
, Sherlock thinks,
Lestrade manages to pry Sherlock off the body and they both fall back onto the concrete of the alleyway. Sherlock doesn’t protest. Lestrade doesn’t release his grip. They both just stare. They stare at the man who matters. The man who risked his life and lost.
“That’s Aquila.” John pointed toward the sky and moved his finger from star to star, tracing the outline of the constellation of the bird. “It’s the Eagle, found along the celestial equator. My mum used to tell me all about the constellations when I was younger. Harry and I loved learning about them and she would come up with these stories about what each constellation represented. I now know they’re to do with Greek mythology but the stories she told were of magnificent creatures that were lost to the heavens, only to be remembered at night time. Aquila was always my favourite- mum’s favourite too. She said that her mum used to tell her the same stories.”
“We’re not going anywhere.” Sherlock reassures her.
The moment Sherlock stepped into the doors of the intensive care unit the more in love he fell with John than he was ever aware was possible. Knowing that he was here, that he was
John doesn't move.
John surges forward then, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands and claiming Sherlock’s mouth with his.
“Because I know you’re planning to blackmail the captain by proving that he’s smuggling illicit cargo.”
The rest of the meal passes without incident, and as soon as Sherlock has finished his porridge, he crosses the dining room to take Molly’s arm to lead her up on deck.
Sherlock ducks his head, blushing furiously. He fiddles with the edge of his coat, mutters, “It’s nothing.”
John threw himself against Sherlock’s shoulder, forcing his way by. As he moved past, Sherlock reached instinctively for his hand. With a snarl of rage, John caught him by the wrist, spun him around, and slammed him against the wall.
The tense note in John’s voice sharpens Sherlock’s desire to a razor sharp pitch. He’s desperate to have more of John in his mouth, to get him to make that sound again.
thinks he is.”
“Tha’s right! Judging by the frequency of his amorous encounters, our John’s got quite the ‘do me ama’.”
John heard himself make a sound like a whimper as Sherlock’s fingers closed around him, and then he groaned—long and low in the back of his throat as Sherlock began to move his hand up and down the length of him, afraid that he was already coming, the touch felt so good.
Sherlock rocked back on his heels, his weight shifting again, and with that motion, it was all over. John’s mind went blank with panic. How was Sherlock not noticing? Thankfully, he took that moment to lean forward into his hands, lifting his hips off of John’s.
John pressed forward with his hips, bucking wildly into Sherlock’s mouth—needing more pressure, more stimulation and Sherlock, not one to be easily outdone, began to pump John’s cock in and out of his mouth, sucking hard, cheeks hollowed to create a slick wet tunnel of heat, finger stroking all the while at the bundle of nerves inside John.
“What’s that?”
He repeats the motion—slower, more intentional this time, and he and John groan together.
It’s only a few hundred yards to the water so the whole thing is over in a matter of seconds but in that brief time Sherlock feels a wild joy steal over him at the sheer delight of moving his body in this way.
Sherlock tries, he really tries but the feel of John’s fingers pressing in against his mouth only make it harder to keep the sounds from slipping out—and Sherlock remembers in a dizzying rush of heat how he imagined this very scenario, John leaning over him with his fingers at Sherlock’s mouth, and the fact that it is really happening now, John, bending over him, his eyes as dark as the shadows beyond the candle flame, the lines of his body gleaming gold in the gentle light, means that Sherlock cannot possibly be quiet now, not with John’s eyes on him like that, John’s hand drawing every ounce of feeling out of him through the touch of his hand.
“No, you don’t! I’ve just explained—”
Sherlock does, feeling more light-headed than ever as John reaches behind him to rearrange his pillow and help him into a sitting position.
John could see Sherlock’s slender form bent over his suitcase, which was after all, very close to where they’d left the bottle of champagne. John figured if there was ever a time to get Sherlock to bring him something he wanted, now was the time to take advantage of it.
John’s thumbs trace the curves of Sherlock’s arse under his balls, which are drawn up tight against his body, and Sherlock has to bite his lip hard to keep from yelling.
This decision, as it turns out, had been rather ill-advised, which is why Sherlock was thinking that perhaps he was, at least, partially responsible for the fact that he and John were currently chained up together on the salt-stained floor of a rusty, sea-battered fishing boat steered by drug smugglers through the choppy waters of London harbor.
“Lucky for you—saved in the nick of time. You won’t be so lucky next time. I’m going to make sure of it.”
John as he sings.
“Shirt next,” John said imperiously, licking his way down the remainder of the popsicle.
He hears a shout behind him, and at last—he can’t resist—he stops and turns to look behind him in the water.
The scrutiny in his expression startles Sherlock. But no, it isn’t quite scrutiny, more… curiosity.
However, as much as John was aroused by the idea of Sherlock having him right up against the front door, there was still the issue of Mrs. Hudson, and although he suspected that she had had designs on them getting together from the beginning, he didn’t want to offer her proof of this new aspect of their relationship in quite so visceral a manner.
“Thank you,” he gasped, breaking the kiss, eyes tracing Sherlock’s shining, swollen lips as he attempted to regain control of himself and failed. “But I need you to touch my cock right now.”
He hears John swear once, feels John’s fingers clenching in his hair, his fingers tightening around them both, pushing, pushing against Sherlock with all his body’s strength and Sherlock marvels at the force of it, the heat of John against him, the warm liquid of John’s release against his belly.
John was momentarily stricken speechless by the revelation that Sherlock was offering to obtain food for them.
Sherlock’s thoughts are moving a mile a minute; he’s picturing suddenly the location of his run-in with Ferguson, just a handful of feet away from the partition that divides the two halves of the deck. John would have been able to hear Sherlock’s cry for help as clearly as if they were standing in the same room.
Sherlock made a sound of protest and tightened his hold around John’s neck.
Sherlock wants to ask him what happened but he knows now is not the time, John needs this; he needs the touch of Sherlock’s hands, his mouth, to help ease his suffering, to help make him forget.
But Sherlock can feel the tension radiating through the body under his, so he refocuses, concentrating as hard as ever on the speed, the angle of his strokes, searching for the ideal balance between gentleness and pressure, in awe every moment his fingers travel over the slick heat of John’s sizeable girth. He is unable to stop the rocking motion of his body, so he uses it to his advantage to help direct the rhythm of his hands on John’s cock, as though he is stroking John not just with his hands but with his whole body.
“Speak to me like that again, and you’re going to be scraping barnacles off the underside of the hull with your teeth for the rest of this voyage, do you understand me?”
Sherlock was holding himself absolutely still. “What didn’t you tell me?”
Death may be all around them in the water, but oh, what beauty there is too, down here among the green.
“What is this ship’s cargo?” Sherlock demands.
He smiles, lifting his arms to loop them around John’s neck and press their foreheads together again.
John blinked, his brain whirring like a rusty clock. Sherlock didn’t want to leave him.
“Turns out your little companion isn’t a very good shot.” Briggs shifted his grip so that he was holding both of Sherlock’s wrists in one hand. “How fortunate for me as it gives me the chance to kill you properly.”
He waits until the song they’re playing comes to a close and then, before he can think too much about what he’s about to do, he’s risen to his feet, and he’s striding across the small, cleared space, his violin case clenched tightly in his hand. He stops in front of the three musicians.
Sherlock hovers in the shadows at the foot of the stairs, no longer feeling bold enough to dare set foot on the staircase. He waits until Lestrade has finished his conversation with the officer before drifting back into the man’s line of vision.
“Well, maybe someday I could teach you.”
He wants to always remember the way John is looking at him now, his affection, admiration and desire all equally apparent on his face.
Miss Hooper curtsies as Sherlock backs away, her face once more lit up in a genuine smile. It changes her look completely, Sherlock reflects for the second time that evening.
“Woah, woah! Easy there, where are you rushing off to in such a—”
drowning in a sense, drowning in the blissful impossibility that Sherlock wanted him, John Watson, as badly as he wanted Sherlock. Or so he said. John wasn’t convinced of that yet, but he was happy to give Sherlock the chance to prove it to him.
John clenched his jaw and swallowed down the sick feeling climbing up his throat. “He was in the ballroom. I didn’t recognize him at first because of the mask. He said none of this had anything to do with him. He was just here to watch. But he alluded to the fire, I think… I think the fire was his idea.”
He’s panting now in earnest, his eyes sliding shut as he loses himself in the sensation.
“I’d say we still have
would want to spend time with the
He gasped as Sherlock bit down with his teeth and pulled on the sensitive skin under his jaw.
“Aye, aye.”
Standing before him in a very pink gown that’s clearly two seasons out of fashion and at least two sizes too big (must be inherited Sherlock thinks, the young lady certainly has older sisters) is Miss Hooper.
John nodded. “Go on. Make sure he doesn’t get himself killed.”
He pulled gently at Sherlock’s hair with a frustrated sound.
The music seems to creep inside Sherlock’s bones and draw his sickness out. John’s voice settles over him like cool water, slipping softly over his arms and legs, his stomach and chest, until he does not feel his exhaustion anymore. It is as though the cool weight of the song, the measured rhythm of the melody, is touching him all over.
Sherlock watches John’s eyebrows lift in surprise at this information. “And you think Ferguson is responsible?”
His voice is vicious. “I don’t need your pity.”
He feels panic fill him, swift and irrational—like a sudden storm in summer—and there’s nothing he can do to stop it; it’s as powerful and inexorable as the current of the ocean dragging him down.
John could feel Sherlock’s gaze focusing on him, his scrutiny sharpening as he looked up at John through the shadows.
John smiles at the older sailor in apology. “Excuse me, Burns, but I’ve got someone I’d like Sherlock to meet.”
Sherlock turns, exasperated, preparing to make an apology for having accidentally trod on the hem of a lady’s gown, and finds, to his surprise, the worn, smiling face of Lieutenant Lestrade looking at him with open good will.
Sherlock looks up, breathless, and then gasps out in relief as he is met with the steady blue gaze of John Watson.
There’s no poetry in falling, no magic. It’s basic physics. You can’t outthink it: the acceleration of gravity, object striking ground, body meeting its inevitable end.
“Did he go off in search of more amenable company?”
The realization is like a physical blow—he’s falling, clutching at whatever’s in front of him, screaming with rage, blind. It’s minutes before he can get control of himself, before he comes back to find himself convulsed over on the bed, or on his hands and knees on the floor, the night stand turned over beside him.
“Well, I guess this is it.”
Sherlock leans back in his chair, cracking his sore knuckles, as he does, noticing for the first time the smears of drying paint on his forearms and wrists. His sleeves are still rolled up from his work up on deck earlier, and at the sight of the paint on his arms, he is flooded anew with the memory of all that transpired this afternoon—his brief experience of feeling joy at being a part of something larger than himself now feels ridiculous to him, even laughable.
But Miss Gibbons isn’t so accommodating. “I don’t believe we’ve yet had the pleasure of being introduced, Mr. …?”
“Oh, aye. They’re always on the lookout for something falling overboard. Clever creatures, sharks.”
John lifted his chin to give Sherlock more room to work, looking pointedly over Sherlock’s shoulder to a spot on the opposite wall. “I feel like a right prat.”
It’s difficult to glean anything from Mr. Graves’ expression. He tends to look stern and disapproving more often than not, but it seems to Sherlock that there is an added element of severity to his features that he can only guess is in response to the captain’s recent ill temper.
“Godammit, Sherlock, answer your phone!”
He just manages to still his hips, remembering from his own experience how quickly it can become too much when one is on the receiving end of this activity, his arms shaking with the effort, but then John is pulling his mouth off again, hands warm but insistent on the outsides of Sherlock’s thighs.
He lies there, teeth gritted, feeling as though he is about to die, and all because John Watson is no longer at his side.
The fragile cords holding Sherlock’s body together seem to break apart, and distantly he is aware that he is crying out, his body drawing up and rising, rising; in spite of the pressure of John’s strong hand on his hip, he feels as though he will go on rising forever, pleasure unfolding from him in continually renewing waves—like the ocean, Sherlock thinks in a haze of bliss, like the never ending pounding of the surf against the side of the ship, surging, powerful, carrying him away in a rush of foam and salt spray.
Sherlock looks up in desperation to see the furious face of Mr. Knott. He’s staring at Ferguson in undisguised horror.
Burns is someone he can trust. He will tell Sherlock where he can find John, Sherlock is sure of it.
As if that wasn’t enough, as Sherlock’s gaze finally slides away from the bed to take in the rest of the cabin’s interior, his eyes alight upon yet another impossible object.
John is silent for another long minute before he answers.
Sherlock stands frozen in place, watching; transfixed.
Sherlock nods against him, gasping.
“What is it?” he asks, his voice soft with astonishment, turning it over in his hands.
“Bend over!”
Luckily, Molly saves him from having to answer.
John felt the erection that he had half-heartedly been trying to suppress leap fully back to life.
“Don’t.”
Sherlock lowers his mouth down.
Over the top of Sherlock’s head he could see flames writhing against the circular window outside.
“Jesus, your fucking hands—”
Both Sherlock and Molly turn to look.
He turns suddenly, acknowledging John for the first time, almost as an afterthought, as if John were a sentient piece of the ship. “If you’ll excuse us.”
But he is paralyzed by guilt, by fear, by a thousand other complicated emotions that he knows would be smoothed away if he could just find it within himself to be brave enough to show John how he’s been missing him instead of trying to tell him.
The sight of John looking at him like that, gold hair pushed back from his forehead, forearms tucked behind his back, a sly grin curling his lips—it’s almost enough to make Sherlock completely lose his focus.
He wishes he could somehow break the momentum of the ship’s inevitable routine, the constant, never-ending flow of work; the schedule that dictates every hour, every minute of each crewmember’s day.
John fell asleep with one arm around his pillow, holding it to his face.
John must sense Sherlock’s nervousness from the grip on his hand; must be able to feel it thrumming through Sherlock’s body like a badly tuned string because he turns to Sherlock in the shadows at the bottom of the stairs, worry creasing his forehead. “What is it?”
Sherlock feels John’s hands tighten on his fingers as he says it, and he can no longer stand the distance between them. He clutches back at John’s hands, holding tightly, so tightly John looks up at him in surprise.
“I am happy to report that we are finally making our desired speed. If all goes well we shall reach the port of Rio de Janeiro in two days time.”
full of men, that he can direct them according to his whims, however unjust, however arbitrary—it makes Sherlock sick with rage.
“John.”
John turns away from Sherlock. His look is cold, closed off, and it sends a dagger of pain through Sherlock, hot and sharp.
He does not intend to sound quite so needy but there’s an unmistakable pleading quality to his final words, and that is apparently all the encouragement John needs.
John hadn’t dared return to the hotel room in his distracted state—being in the same room as Sherlock and restraining himself would have proved an impossible feat—so he’d walked the glittering boulevards under the ornate Baroque facades of the old city until the sky turned pink and at last grew dark, stopping for a strong cup of coffee in a tiny café around the corner from their hotel, before returning to their rooms. Only then, did he feel sufficiently fortified to return to Sherlock’s side with a calm head.
“We are still not quite alone just yet.”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asks, leaning forward in his eagerness. “What change? How was he different?”
“I was wondering… what are the chances of you bringing me an extra bucket of water this evening?”
As a last resort, he finds himself turning to the only thing that has a chance of bringing him some comfort. Even holding it in his hands is sometimes enough to quiet the chaos in his mind.
Sherlock opens his eyes in time to see the smile breaking over John’s face, as warm and inevitable as the sunrise.
Sherlock gave one last lingering lick to the base of his wrist before lifting his eyes to John. They were full of feigned distress.
Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on nothing—the same dark line evident between his brows. His face was full of a darkness John had never seen before. His breathing wasn’t right.
“God,
He always identified rather too much with the fox. “The poor thing just wants to be left alone!”
The party had been on a Friday; he’d overheard the conversation several days after. When was that?
Sherlock had one gloved hand fisted in the furious man’s hair, pulling at the roots to cause the maximum possible pain, bending down with hatred into the purple, rage-filled face.
It cannot be a good sign.
“God, how I’ve dreamed of doing this,” John says in a burst of heat against Sherlock’s collarbone.
Sherlock doesn’t look up. He cannot bear to, for fear of giving away too much, but he can feel his whole body lift with happiness in the presence of the other man. He stares into his lap, biting his lip.
Sherlock feels Anderson’s eyes cut to him, and even though it’s a silly, throwaway comment, just the prospect of Anderson making a fool of him in front of John makes his cheeks fill with fire.
He hums as he sucks, now aware of the effect this has on John, pulling off momentarily to lick wetly and messily all over the dripping head of John’s cock, feeling absolutely wanton as he does so, looking up into John’s eyes, and without thinking, his hand begins to speed up on his own cock, making his eyelashes flutter half-closed in response.
Sherlock nods again.
The air is foul and damp and the barrels on either side of Sherlock’s shoulders are slick with moisture. It’s as if he’s plunged straight into the ship’s stinking entrails.
One of the doors had now opened but a man was blocking the entrance with a gun in his hands, yelling for quiet.
in two more like.”
It’s early afternoon by the time they finish loading all the casks into the longboats, and by this time the Brazilian sun is hot above them. It’s strange to think it’s winter here when the temperature in June is high enough to rival England’s hottest summers.
“Sod, my suit,” Sherlock said with a hiss, punctuating his words with another roll of his hips. “All week, John. All…
“I’ve never done this with a bloke before.”
He doesn’t even make it halfway across the room before he regrets his dramatic exit; he can feel his face is already on fire at the thought of going back to the table and trying to explain why he left.
And then, after a few long, delicious writhing pushes from Sherlock’s lean body, he will arch up into John’s arms with a cry, shooting hot and wet over John’s fingers, the skin of both their bellies, his calves tightening around John’s lower back, still moaning and gasping for air as his body pulses through his release.
the sun, as Sherlock well knows…
Sherlock struggles to occupy himself; John dances on the yardarm.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered momentarily to John. “If you’d like.”
Something heavy passes through John’s gaze at the sight.
He scrubs it over every part of himself he can reach, grateful for the scouring, abrasive quality it has, scrubbing himself until his pale skin turns pink, washing away weeks of dirt and grime and sweat, before dipping the sponge back in the water and rinsing it all away.
