“Meg has returned from the Territories. She brought Impala back for you,” Castiel said, thinking Dean might take this as good news.
Finally, the bottom panel slid open, revealing a negative space the shape and size of a human hand, lined with silvery metal, though the metal was covered with that blue plastic they put on new electronic stuff.
“Come shower with me? I need it as well,” Castiel said. “Only if you like. I can wait my turn if you prefer.”
“Dean,” Mary said. “I’m not asking anyone’s permission to take my chance to be happy, much less my children’s. You should take your chance to be happy too.”
The gangling, weedy boy he remembered try to protect his Omega brother at the Wild West Show had been replaced by someone who could actually do it. Sam, back then, hadn’t moved Cas or even flustered him. This man, though, could obviously wipe the pavement with the likes of Castiel, should he chose to. He must have gained fifty pounds of all muscle since then and a great deal of confidence and control. This all despite the fact that Dean had complained that Sam was nothing but a pencil pusher, a lawyer.
Their pack custom was to not give mating gifts as a matter of course, but if a young couple needed help it getting started in their life together, they would find themselves being offered things- a set of dishes someone ‘wasn’t using anyway’ or ‘my GrandOm’s second best Dutch oven, he’d want to know it was being used’ or ‘we really do have too many blankets, you’d be doing me a favor to take a couple.’
Despite everything, despite his best intentions, despite not wanting to enjoy this, Castiel couldn’t help himself. He started moving inside Dean and it was a rush of pleasure, a shock of electricity building in him faster than it ever had before. Only a few minutes of it and his body was tensing, then spasming as he came, pouring come into Dean’s receptive places. His knot was growing, filling, something he didn’t notice until he tried to pull out but couldn’t. It was more blessed relief and release of tension than ecstasy, but the deed was done. There had been something like pleasure but no joy in the act. They had consummated and whatever came next, no one could take Dean away from him except Dean himself.
Over the years, Dean thought about Cas. Not very much sometimes, what with the work involved in getting the ranch back in order keeping him busy. Dean did it all- keeping the books, hiring hands as needed, driving cattle to market, fixing fences, maintaining pastures. Any little thing that went with running a ranch, Dean did it all, with the sweat of his brow and the strength of his back. He worked harder and longer than any of his hands and ended up earning the respect of even the most recalcitrant Alphas, the ones who threatened to walk from the job when they first learned that Dean was the boss and not Bobby. Other times, there was less busy work, and Dean could brood. He thought about Castiel a lot at those times. He spent a lot of time alone those days. Usually, on those kind of days, he found something to do. Keeping busy, even to the point of running himself ragged, was better than thinking about how he’d been rejected, how the Marshal had just left without a word.
“No,” Dean said. “I’ve hardly had a day to myself since I took over this ranch. Before. My people can handle it. I’ll come back to bed, but I have to get Bobby out of my house. You stay right there.”
The moon still hung in the sky, just past full, so it was pretty bright out. Overhead, the sky was cloudless, velvety dark still, but with a warm band to the east to suggest sunrise might be coming soon. Overhead, the stars rioted in joyous light, no light pollution from any close city to hide them. Maybe this might not be so bad? It was fucking cold out and he was so tired it hurt to be alive, but it was beautiful, a time of day he’d never seen before. Castiel took off at a slow, loping pace, heading to the trail that looped north of the pond by the bath house, so Sam followed, willing his legs to keep up.
“Dearest Dean,” the note read. Dearest? When was Dean ever anyone’s dearest? Maybe the Castiel thought you were supposed to address letters to your mate like that?
Somehow, that was the one and only thing he was sure of. It might have been super tiny, smaller than a grain of rice, in some ways, more a promise of a child than an actual child, but he felt a glowing, growing peace. Having this baby was not the right thing to do, but like Dad used to say sometimes, there was the right way to do something, the wrong way and the Winchester way. He wanted this. Wanted it so badly. Wanted it so badly it was like he wouldn’t be him if he didn’t want it. Having this baby, despite every reason he shouldn’t, definitely the Winchester way.
“Well, there is wealth rather in excess of any individual’s needs that is my own personal property, not crown property. That would remain mine. I would also want the position of CEO of Grace Industries and majority ownership, along with majority ownership in the mine.”
Dean tucked the condom back into his jacket pocket. He was, after all, known to do a lot of stupid things and it was too late now. He folded up the rest of his clothes, and Angel’s and brought them inside the cabin. He grabbed the blankets, turned off the fireplace, turned on the one indoors. He turned on some of the lamps, set the piles of clothes on the table. Then the shower in the bathroom turned on and Angel poked his head out of the bathroom.
Dean hadn’t even been aware that Meg, Castiel’s second in command, was close by, but she was and suddenly, she was there. She was far shorter than the height Sam had grown into suddenly, but whereas Sam was a loose limbed, gangle of a boy Alpha, Meg was a compact ball of fury.
"What a beautiful Omega you're going to make," she said, sniffing him softly behind the ear. "What a wonderful mate and companion for some lucky Alpha."
“I’m sorry there was no redemption for you, Brother,” Castiel said, softly, so the others would not hear. “I don’t think you would have wanted it anyway.”
Dean did a careful manicure on himself though. He’d never done that kind of thing before. It wasn’t like, a hugely feminine manicure. He’d filed his nails down so they were just a hint longer than the nail bed and buffed them. Painted them with nothing but the palest pink-beige polish, hardly a shade off his natural nails. They were shiny though. The Dean Castiel knew wouldn’t have done a manicure of any kind.
“Eager. I like it,” Dean said, smiling. “How about Monday though. During school hours. Sam’s got finals this week so I want to be around when he’s not at school. Not that he needs me. Boy’s doing harder stuff than I ever did in school. I just wanted to let you know, you don’t need to pay for his school. I should have known. The little shit went out and won himself a scholarship to the best academy in the Midwest without even telling me he was applying to them. I told him not to waste the application fee.”
Comments and kudos highly appreciated. Not as many people seem to be reading this one for some reason, which is a little discouraging.
He found the laundry room, stripped off his own clothes off except his shorts and shoved them into the washer. He added the odor neutralizing detergent and set the dial for a “odor reducing” wash, whatever that actually was. Sometimes he thought it was an odd, almost contradictory life their pack led. Had he been back where he belonged on Pack Lands, he would never be washing this set of clothes after wearing them only once. All laundry was done by hand in big wash tubs, using water heated over wood fires. You didn’t just add something to the wash pile simply because you’d been wearing them in a bad mood. It was too much work. On the Pack Lands, you got used to people smelling a lot more intense that they did here Folsom. In fact, the Pack members that stayed on the pack lands full time tended to wrinkle their noses, even verbally object to the artificial scent blockers, deodorants and perfumes that town Pack members sometimes wore.
There was a note on the table in the main room, a lonely, single piece of paper. It was nice paper. Thick, creamy, lightly textured stuff, it looked like it was torn out of one of those fancy blank notebooks. Angel’s handwriting was pretty, all loopy and stuff.
“He’s the One, isn’t he?” Sam asked when they were settled in the carriage for the train ride home. Dean didn’t answer, but he thought Sam could read it in his face. Once Sam pulled out a book from his pocket, to while away the train ride, Dean pulled out the playing card that Castiel had given him. The Ace of Hearts, shot through the single pip. A broken heart. That was fitting.
He hadn’t even thought about it. Jody had taken care of the big bay horse that Castiel had commandeered for the last leg of his journey back from the Territories. This moment was almost the first he been apart from Dean since then. He hadn’t thought about the horse or the man he’d taken it from, hadn’t thought about his own horse. “When I have a chance, I’ll restore his horse to him.”
He had thought hard about it for a while. He would like children someday but would be satisfied to be without them, so long as he was with Dean. Dean’s final word on pregnancy and children hadn’t been ‘no’. It had been, ‘not yet.’ Vasectomies were very often successfully reversed in Alphas, but it was not a guarantee that it wouldn’t be permanent. You could have semen stored in a freezer for use later, but there was no guarantee there either.
“They were out of the regular cherry pie,” Castiel said. “I had to make do with this one. I hope you find it an acceptable flavor. I had no idea Abner’s bakery did so well. They were nearly sold out of everything.”
Castiel sniffed himself. He wasn’t particularly wearing any emotion on his his sleeve, so to speak, but he’d missed the last shuttle from the pack lands, not realizing how late it had gotten until the sun had dropped close to the horizon and it was almost sunset. He’d run from the pack lands to Folsom, as fast as he could keep up the pace, so he’d arrived at Jimmy’s house all sweaty. He was surprised he dared suggest it to Dean.
“Dean isn’t, that is to say, we are not ready for children yet,” Cas said, stroking Dean’s shoulder. “At least not for a few years.”
“Okay, fine, we’ll go see your movies” Dean said. He’d read about moving pictures but never seen one himself. Sure, he’d walked past the movie palace in Kansas City for years now. He’d been curious, but figured it was just yet another place where an unaccompanied Omega couldn’t go. He hadn’t even bothered to see if he’d be allowed to purchase a ticket on his own. After all these years, it still burned to be refused that way, so there were a lot of things he never even tried to do.
“Met someone, huh? Was his name Jack, Jim or Jose this time? Or were you just working late at a Miller Time shift?”
Honestly, Castiel was confused but both weary and wary. Michael was in jail and Naomi was upset about that. Well, her upset was understood. Michael was the son she had always wanted, not Castiel. Michael was her favorite son, for all that he wasn’t her son at all. Castiel hated to be reminded that yet again, he was not as loved or cherished as Michael. It was just tiring to have it happen again. But the ‘no good friend’ could only have been Dean. How could Dean possibly have put Michael into prison? Castiel had dragged a confession of abuse from Dean, who would never, not in a million years, admit it to anyone else.
“I’ve never wanted anything else like I’ve wanted you,” Dean said. “You’re it for me. I was gone the minute I saw you in that bar, even before you opened your mouth.”
“I should have you show me, but I don’t care to attract any attention to ourselves. There are creatures stranger than werewolves in these hills and sometimes, the biggest monsters are human. You should sleep now,” Castiel said. “We’ll be moving again early, soon as the sun rises.”
The only time Dean was ever really sad was once a month, on visitors day. Many of the Omegas at St. Jensen's still had family that kept in contact with them. They hadn't been surrendered to Omega Protective Services. They'd applied to and wanted to come to St. Jensen's, to better their chances of getting a good Alpha. Cas was one of those students. He didn't have much family who came, from the sound of it, but it was more than Dean had. Not even a letter had come in the months since he'd been turned, not from Dad, nor Sam, nor anyone else. He'd been forgotten about.
He told himself it was just like living with Dad. You had to figure out what brought an Alpha’s temper out. True Dad had never walloped Dean in the face, but Dean had not been immune to a hard hand on his backside, until he figured out all the little land mines that would set Dad off. He’d learned it for Dad, he could learn it for Michael. Obviously, he couldn’t mention Bobby.
“I don’t know why people in our pack are so surprised when our Alphas know how to do domestic chores,” Castiel said. “I spent most my teenage years on one kitchen duty or another.”
“I wouldn’t stop you. You could tell him that I totally deserved it,” Cas said. “And you would be right.”
“I got nothing better to do,” Meg said. “And your boy Clarence there doesn’t know the area around Sweetwater Ridge near as well as he thinks. You need me to come along and I want me a chance to stick it to my old boss.”
“We should head back up,” Castiel said. “Jody, will you keep watch on the radio in case the storms return?”
“I know, Sam. I understand. I was a young Alpha once myself,” Cas said. “I would be happy to drive you to St. Carver’s.”
“Sam, listen to me,” Castiel said. “Dean will be okay, but you need to be strong for him now. Do you understand? Can you be calm for now?”
“No, I don’t want to stay in a hotel,” Dean said. He didn’t want to be in some impersonal space tonight, overlooking a vast world that he’d really had no part of. That suite they’d stayed in, where Cas had first proposed them mating, was beautiful but it wasn’t them. Dean needed to be someplace familiar, some place full of Castiel’s scent.
I also wrote another new Dean/Cas story called “They Don’t Lose Any Sleep At Night”, posted complete. It would make me super happy if you read it.
It was only then that John Winchester seemed even to be aware of Castiel. He turned around and seemed on the verge of a dominance display, this one aimed at Castiel. It looked like John Winchester was on the edge of writing himself a check he would never be able to cash. A lot of Alphas took Castiel for granted, wrote him off as a weak Alpha, one to be tossed aside easily in a challenge. They had no idea. Castiel took care not to make much of himself, to make his strengths be not obvious, to ignore all the little signals other Alphas made when they were itching for a challenge. He liked that they had no clue of what they might stumble into. He even hoped, briefly, that Winchester would launch an outright dominance attack, be the aggressor so that everyone would agree that Castiel had had no choice when he took Winchester down and that the man’s death was strictly self-defense on Castiel’s part.
He’d woken in the most wonderful pool of scent. Castiel, his mate, was letting Dean use his firm, muscled chest as a pillow and Dean’s nose was right there in the center of the scent- deep, heady, like an ocean of it he could dive into. Funny how used to Castiel’s scent he’d gotten so fast, how much more he loved it than he loved Jimmy’s scent. It was like there was so much to be read in that scent. Yes, there was strength there and safety. Things he couldn’t quantify. Right now there was something even more appealing and wonderful about it that he couldn’t explain.
Time passed more quickly than Dean could have imagined. He worked hard, from before sun up most days and often until past sundown, finishing up his work in the evening by kerosene lantern light most days. There were never any breaks from it. Cows never took holidays, nor did horses.
"That's all I'm bringing," Cas explained. "My brother keeps his house at Omega comfortable temperatures when I'm there and there are room and rooms full of throws and pillows and he even has some of these fake fur blankets that are the softest warmest things."
Except, here was Cole Trenton, standing at the gate of his ranch, asking Dean out for ice cream. In a rightful world, if Cole had come across Dean on accident, he would have spit in Dean’s face.
Castiel was there just in time to see the back of the coward Azazel disappear into some brush. Meg followed shortly after.
“Pup!” She snapped and it was clearly the start of a reprimand. Dean had learned that while the pack didn’t refer to children as pups, mostly, the young, just presented Alphas were exclusively referred to as Pups. Dean had once heard Meg explain that they were pretty much feral dogs in need of training and domestication at that point, so it was fitting to call them that.
The woman held out her arms as if she was going to pull Dean into a hug. Dean shuddered at the thought of having to touch this uncanny person. Castiel stepped up behind Dean immediately, put a hand on Dean’s shoulder and pulled him back into a protective embrace. Dean was immensely grateful.
It was even stranger to think about now that he realized that he didn’t want Jimmy like that and that he never really had. Jimmy was good. Strong. Safe. Comforting. He was everything you were supposed to want in a mate, the right sort of Alpha to be a good father for your children. That was the thing though. That’s what he’d sort of become to Dean. Not a father to Dean’s children, but to Dean himself.
“Don’t say things you don’t mean,” Dean said, then immediately regretted it, sassing this alpha to his face. Castiel didn’t react badly, not with anger. He looked down at the floor for a moment. Shame, regret, perhaps, but not anger.
After a long while, Dean looked up from his computer, a smirk on his face along with a look of mischief. “I think I found our kind of thing,” he said. “So, get this, a huge shipment of Viagra was stolen right from the truck.”
“Like, how much? Could I get in on that? I can do that,” Mikel asked. He, like many other young Alphas, had tried wood carving and given it up. He was making jewelry at the moment, stringing up one of those fancy necklaces that Beta women and Omegas wore strung from their Smokkr.
Then, she moved one last stone aside, grabbed something that had been underneath and said, “Ah, there she is.”
They concentrated on moving together, Dean trying to match his steps to Angel’s, to the music. The music filled the space, lovely and heart breaking. If only this moment could never end, it would be perfect, him and Angel moving together to beautiful music. He thought about their time together on the porch, how despite everything, it hadn’t seemed like just sex, it had seemed like making love.
“Most of it you know,” she said. “The knotting and the conception of children. What an Alpha does with an Omega. Years ago, they didn’t teach that kind of thing in the schools. All an Omega knew going into mating was what they could pick up here and there. They were told everything just before the mating, by those who’ve been there. Here, start with these.”
“I told John he never should have sold her. Near broke Dean’s heart to lose her, but John up and decided Dean’s place was in the kitchen with his Ma after letting him have the run of the ranch his whole life. He forbade Dean any horse, any job outside.”
“You can’t. No. Please,” Dean said. He couldn’t possibly feel any further from that confident place he’d spoken from just yesterday afternoon, where he was certain that no force in the universe could get him to give up his baby.
It was almost unheard of, an Omega proposing to an Alpha. No Omega would be so bold. Folks considered it the natural responsibility of the Alpha to do things like propose marriage or mateship. But Dean was his own man. He’d been independent for his whole life. He didn’t think it would matter to Cas, but if there were any chance that this unnatural state of his personality would drive Cas away, he wanted that out in the open, now, before they got completely entangled in each other.
It’d been not quite three weeks since Castiel and he had mated. Things were just kind of at a stand still point. Castiel made it home every evening, very rarely by the five that he promised but in time for dinner most nights. They slept in the same bed most nights. That was an improvement. Sometimes, they fell asleep on the couch together and Dean would wake up in his own bed, so he would have to make his way across the hallway and burrow in with Castiel, who was not a covers thief but was a restless sleeper often and would jerk awake sometimes with what Dean thought must be nightmares.
Amelia’s parents had retired to Arizona and had taken immediately to the retiree life of golf and activities with the community center. And Amelia seemed happy whenever she was with them. Certainly happier than when she was with him.
It didn’t take long for the cut on his cheekbone to stop bleeding and the swelling came down pretty good with the ice. He normally didn’t wear makeup, but someone had bought him a kit of the stuff for the wedding. Dean played around in the bathroom mirror, dabbing this beige colored stuff on and that, until he finally got the bruise and the cut covered up pretty good. You could hardly tell it was there. He put on sun glasses, just to be safe.
With that, Dean couldn’t hold back a second. He walked forward and grabbed his Omega and swooped him into a full body embrace. Angel didn’t resist. He grabbed Dean in return and they buried their faces into each other’s necks, where the scent glands were the strongest. Dean pulled in deep nasal breaths, even opening his mouth a little to take it as much of that enchanting, gorgeous scent as he could, like spices, like home, like everything he’d ever wanted. Like Christmas had come all over again.
When Sam started to breathe heavier then, almost snore, Dean woke up. He gently slipped out from under Sammy without waking him and climbed between the front seats and took his place at Castiel’s side, where he belonged.
“Marshal,” Dean asked after a while of not being able to sleep. “How’d you end up as a Marshal? You’re not a rough man. You seem educated even.”
He could see that Cas was taking off some of his emotional armor right now, laying himself naked in front of Dean. He had admitted the moment some might have called the greatest in is life was just wanting to survive another day, that maybe it wasn’t so great to have a Goddess that walked in the world as if it belonged to her.
“That’s tomorrow,” he said, lookin at all of them, wondering if they were really going to make him get mated with one day notice. Couldn’t they do it at the next full moon at least? Give him a little time to get used to the idea? He knew that their pack only did matings on the midsummer full moon, but couldn’t they make a special dispensation for this case or something. He said as much.
“One more thing,” Sam said. “Dean’s patch, Bobby’s patch to the south and the main ranch. We’re used to treating them as one big spread. I hope your instincts don’t kick in and get fussy about borders and territories. That’s not how we manage things.”
“There’s something you should know, before you accept my offer,” Cas said. “As you might gather, I have a comfortable amount of money. But I also have no intention of living anywhere else other than my little farm, ever. I won’t give it up for city life. I fought too hard to get it. This is nice to visit but I don’t want to live like this.”
She tilted her head and looked at him with a half smile, bemused. They had been to school together, her a scholarship girl. She had helped him in so many ways, navigating the water of emotional complexities he found hard to understand much less thrive in. She was guide and muse and best friend. He would be sitting in a convent or dead without her, one of his half brothers on the throne with his mother holding the puppet strings.
“Well, I have the other nine traditional courting gifts in my drawer at home,” Castiel admitted. “So as soon as you accept them, we could be considered mated. As quickly or as slowly as you would like.”
After that, Dean left Bobby behind to make the rest of the arrangements to bring Dad home and made his way back to the county lock up. This time, the Sheriff was there. Jody Mills was her name and while she wasn’t unkind, she had no encouragement for him. Not that he had been expecting to hear any different.
“He’s still sick, huh?” Bobby asked. There was a certain understanding in his look. Bobby knew but wasn’t saying and wasn’t judging. “Well, let’s look under your hood and see what parts you need.”
“You don’t need to call me by my title,” Castiel said. “We’re mates. You might call me Cassie, if you like.”
Driving along the old state highway, he rolled past the old junk yard. He’d never paid much attention to the place before, but this time, he noticed as he pulled up level with the gate that the place was called Singer Salvage, just like Doug had said. Well, maybe if he could get the part he needed, the repair manual books at the school library might tell him what to do about fixing it. He turned into the driveway of the place, not feeling hopeful.
“Got my ass back home as soon as my tour with the Garrison was over,” Gadreel said. “Seeing Her. It put certain things into perspective, about where I wanted to be.”
Only then did she gather herself and her skirts up and walk away. Castiel sighed, relieved she was gone. Of course, he was not looking forward to what Jimmy undoubtedly had to say.
Later, when Dean's breasts had both been suckled on and Dean himself was feeling sleepy again, relaxed and like existence itself was a pleasure, Cas shifted positions on the bed. A firm, warm nipple was placed at his lips.
“I wanted to reassure you that your place is always with us. With me, at my side. You are my mate and there is no force in this world that would make me let go of you, but maybe I have not made that clear enough. I’m sorry if that has ever been not clear to you.”
The most puzzling thing though were the clear plastic bins on the top two shelves of the bookcase and the top of it. Stacked on the floor next to the bookcase. They were filled with junk food. The sort of thing Castiel imagined that the doctors would have warned Dean off eating. There were chips and beef jerky, candy and snack cakes. Pork rinds, which offered a momentary temptation to Castiel. He had gotten fond of them in his years in the Garrison but hadn’t had any in a few years, not since coming home.
He followed them into the bar, which was empty in the morning light, but still smelled of beer, cigarettes and stale Alpha from the night before. Ash slipped behind a door off the hallway. Half a second later, he adjusted a sign on it so it read, “Dr. Bad Ass is in”, but then he shut the door behind him.
There was some faint cheering, but mostly, a lot of sighs and murmurs. Understandable after the night they’d hand. Everyone was tired and on edge, no doubt picturing the destruction that awaited them in the morning
“Yes,” Castiel said when they finally stopped kissing long enough. “Yes, I’ll be not married to you forever.”
“Might I kiss you?” Castiel asked, tentatively, as if he expected denial, which was kind of endearing? They hadn’t kissed yet, not properly, which was especially strange given they were lying smooshed on top of each other in Dean’s small bed, one of them half naked, one of them pregnant with the other’s child.
“You are not a housewife to the pack. You’re the administrator of a legal entity with over a hundred members and millions in revenues every year,” Castiel said. “We’ll need to discuss your position soon. As my mate starts to take on the responsibilities of the Pack Omega, I see you transitioning into more of a financial manager for the pack businesses. Jimmy and Amelia have been excessively burdened with that for too long.”
Dean wanted to get out of there. This was serious talk for grownups, this talk of reconstruction, of salvage. All Dean wanted was to go back to Bobby’s house and go to bed, to get more sleep, but first maybe have that bath he wanted. He knew he’d be expected to help, if not with the heavy work then with cooking to feed the Alphas doing the heavy work.
“It’s okay,” Dean said. She didn’t mean anything by it. You could tell when people just said the words and when there was disdain or malice behind the words. It wasn’t like when other people called him that. He pulled up his assignment. Probably shouldn’t have left it until this late, but Charlie had always helped him wing this basic computer skills class before and she did now. He felt better after his throw up and managed to get through the rest of his day with only the usual amount of difficulty.
“It’s just like a tiny flake of it set into glass. You said get a star,” Sam said. “It was the last one they had. Stores are sold out of a lot of stuff already. You can plug the rest of the lights in and it powers them for free.”
A fully grown Alpha like Cas could wolf out at will. Or, like Cas, not at all. At least Dean had never seen Cas wolf out. He did not respond to Sammy’s juvenile challenge at all, just set down the grocery bags he’d been carrying and said, “I’d better not come in. I’ll get the other bags from the car and leave them on the porch.”
Castiel had been walking to the edge of town. A young man named Garth had a small farm and dentistry clinic there. It wasn’t much in the way of competition to Crowley’s livery stable, but Garth did a little horse boarding and by preference, Castiel boarded Cabrón there rather than at Crowley’s. It was more expensive, but the care taken of the animals was far superior. Meg knew and she would have taken their horses there. Jody had taken the big bay he’d commandeered near the Roadhouse there. The Sheriff’s department kept its own, small stable, but she would never had boarded a horse at Crowley’s.
“That’s Dean? Dean, the grubby, cow-licky hellion that punched me in the nose when you were nine and I was fourteen? Wow did he clean up nice or what?”
He had almost given up completely, some weeks after that when the constant ache in his chest, diagnosed by a shaman named Sergei who travelled with the show sometimes as pining sickness, had flared up into immense pain. A sick, vertiginous pain, like he was about to stumble off a cliff into some chasm of agony and that there was nothing he could do about it. It lasted but moments and then faded back to the ache of before. Later Sergei told him it sounded like his One had been attempting to uproot the soul cord joining them and either stopped or not succeeded. He’d despaired after that. He thought it was right. Dean should have cut the cord and freed himself from Castiel. He deserved better than a man like Castiel. He’d never felt that kind of pain again. Dean never again tried to separate them.
Rowena laughed a little at something, and then the talk shifted. She grinned and said, “There’s an old, old story passed down by witches. They said that God created Woman first. What’s more, she had not two breasts but three.”
“You’re not happy with Michael,” Castiel said. “He’s hurting you somehow. Don’t lie, Dean. I can see it. You haven’t ever been happy with Michael.”
“I’m fine,” Dean said. “I have my regular appointment with my cardiologist tomorrow. I’ll ask then if I don’t feel completely better.”
He almost never got angry. If he wasn’t smiling at someone, then the look on his face was still soft and fond, but he definitely wasn’t smiling today. No one was smiling this morning. No, maybe it was that Jimmy wasn’t happy, period, because he seemed to realize how his glower was affecting Dean. The smile he gave Dean then wasn’t forced but it was definitely a smile that was a decision, not spontaneous.
He knew that at some point or another, Dean would find an Alpha. He knew he had to let Dean go and do that. Michael was a pretty terrible human being, but he was a lot less worse than a lot of Alphas and he could provide for Dean handsomely. Castiel never thought Michael would turn out the way he did.
Only when midnight was near and the moon was at its highest did the terrain start climbing again and he made his way to the trail that led to the Roadhouse. He was nearly there when Cabrón finally collapsed to the ground, taking them both with him. The horse had given his all and had nothing left. Castiel was not hurt, nor was Dean hurt further, but Cabrón was still and Castiel afraid that Dean was right, that Castiel had killed the horse, had run him to death. Cabrón heaved a great, shuddering breath, but did not attempt to rise from the ground.
“It’s possible,” she said.  “I don’t think that’s enough information to come to that conclusion. Remember when you had advanced biology in the spring and you were learning about statistics. A sample size of one isn’t enough to tell you anything. There could be a lot of reasons you don’t want to bone Jimmy that have nothing whatsoever to do with sexual orientation. I’m pretty sure you like the Alpha dudes.”
“Well, it is a very nice ass, but I understand why you might not want it on public display,” Castiel said, though he was a little disappointed. Dean was so beautiful and it would be lovely to see him in something besides the scruffy, rough Alpha style clothes. Dean turned the corner of the rack so he was standing shoulder to shoulder with Castiel, looking at the same clothes.
Dean walked out and it was still daylight. He felt like he could breathe for the first time in years. He felt the light of the sun on his face like it was for the first time. He just stood there and breathed and let the joy of freedom wash over him.
“I don’t decide this, Dean. That’s up to the judge. What I’m here for is to speak for you and what your best interest is. Sadly, these cases aren’t always decided on what’s in the Omega’s best interest, but on what rights each pack has. But I’ll tell the judge it’s not in your interest to go to this Josie Sands woman.”
“Bobby Singer, by the way. You know, the Dew Drop always did a nice peach cobbler,” Bobby said. “I hate to go in these days since they changed the uniform, but the cobbler’s still good. Maybe you could bring me a piece sometime.”
“I’m sorry. I know our mating did not have an auspicious start and there have been many bumps along the way. I am not as good a mate to you as I should be. I’m so sorry about that. But the best part of my day has become leaving the pack lands and coming to town. Coming back to see you. Getting to scent you.”
“Then he wasn’t your One,” Sam said with all the assurance of his sixteen years. “Your One wouldn’t leave just cause you were a little mean to him. You’re mean to me all the time and I don’t leave.”
Dean could see the pain in Castiel’s face when the man called him a cowboy. Cas was never a cowboy. That was Dean’s occupation. Cas was a lawman and a gunslinger first, then later some kind of. Well, Dean didn’t know what. Showman? Entertainer? Seemed these days, the radio called anyone who rode a horse and lived west of the Mississippi a cowboy. People didn’t remember clearly, even though those days were not that long ago.
“Blah, blah, blah, such a talker,” the guilty man said. “Can we get this over with? I’m not sorry. If I had a chance, I’d do it all over again exactly the same.”
“Right under the wire. We’re all here in the Hall. You know I always give you an accounting if someone is not with us. Especially if it was your mate.”
Castiel didn’t do much socializing, but what little he did was charity related and included the fundraising events that helped support this not for profit clinic. Gabriel Milton was a clown, true, but powerful in his way. He was both the Head of Medicine, and chairman of the hospital board. Also, a cousin of Castiel’s, one of a multitude who were in powerful positions. A few words from Castiel to Gabriel could make or break a doctor’s career at this hospital. Castiel wasn’t the type to drop names or use his influence like this, but clearly Dean was being maltreated by this woman. Gabriel would want to know if Omegas were being discriminated against at his hospital. After all, he was one himself, though he hid it well.
“Can I touch them?” Dean asked, an oddly hesitant question from someone who’d had his nose buried deeply in Castiel’s armpit just a couple minutes ago. It was an odd moment in all senses. Castiel felt bare, more naked than he’d been that night in the box bed, than he’d been in the showers they’d shared. Not that he’d felt much modesty or body shame at being naked.
“He can’t force you do that,” Charlie said. “They’ll ask you before, without him in the room. You can claim shelter from the state if he’s trying to force you to do that. I don’t think he’d do that though. Alphas get super protective of their pups and pregnant mates. Just. I’m behind you one hundred percent. Whatever you want to do. You want this baby?”
So beautiful that sometimes, he would look at them and kind of wonder who the gorgeous bride was, because that certainly didn’t look like him with the big smile plastered on. He hardly remembered his wedding day. Looking back, the memory of it was like watching someone else’s wedding video when you hadn’t been there yourself. It might be pretty and you could admire it, but it didn’t mean anything to you personally.
“Only what you deserve,” Castiel said, firmly. “The traditional gifts are not meant to be only symbolic. They were meant to be an actual transfer of wealth to the Omega, so that they could be taken care of, should the worst happen. Or so that you would not be left worse off than you were, should the mating be called off for any reason.”
“We’ll get bootleg rum anyway, because that’s more fun,” Dean said. “I’ve hardly ever traveled further than Kansas City or Omaha before. Even then, only for business. Never been to the beach.”
“Yeah, I’d do anything for Jimmy too,” Dean said when Castiel’s voice had trailed off, unable to say anything further. “There. That place?”
Castiel wondered if he himself was ready for children. He’d wanted that, of course. He’d assumed it would happen some day, in some capacity. Even back when he’d been planning to make a life long career in the Garrison, he’d assumed that some day, he would meet the right Omega and they would mate and Castiel would become a father. He tried the thought on for size as he walked across the length of the hall with Dean in his arms. Thought about carrying, not his mate, but a child up to bed, up the stairs, in a house like Jimmy’s, Dean watching from the foot of the stairs. It was a thought he liked very much.
“I hear ya,” she said. “I told Bobby you wouldn’t. Just thought you needed to know that it was a real option. You know. I’ve known Cassie and Jimmy since they were in the womb. Knew their mom. She wasn’t a nice woman, but she ran this pack like you wouldn’t believe. Never knew an Omega like her. Had it together enough that it didn’t fall apart even after over twenty-five years of Chuck’s good for nothing so called leadership. I’ll just say that Cassie, he’s a lot like her, and Jimmy, well, he’s not a bad man, but he’s a little too nice to be the Pack Alpha. Not enough like her.”
“What? No. I’m not taking you there but I’d take you someplace else. I know you don't want to go back to your family, but maybe I should take you to a hotel and you could get a room for the night, sleep it off. Look, the kind of Alphas that go to that bar, other than me, aren’t good dudes. They take advantage of Omegas like you. Anyway, I’m not saying no more sex from me, period. I just need to eat dinner.”
Castiel hesitated on the porch. He was never quite sure what was appropriate. On one hand, this was his house, part of the substantial inheritance he’d received when his father had died. He should feel comfortable just walking in and he did have the key on his person. On the other, this was his twin’s home and had been since before Castiel had returned home. It seemed rude just to walk into his brother’s home uninvited. He and Jimmy had both agreed that it was wrong that Castiel had gotten everything his father had owned and Jimmy had gotten nothing, so they’d agreed that the house would be Jimmy’s to live in and they would treat it as if Jimmy owned it.
“He’s not best pleased I departed the premier early, but he understands. He was aware that I would be seeking you out.”
“He’s right, I would,” Dean snapped. “This ranch and this life is what I want. I don’t want some Alpha taking that away. I never wanted anything between my legs but a horse.”
“My new mate, Dean,” Castiel said, looking at Dean. He decided to use the honorific deliberately, even though it wasn’t quite an introduction. He wanted everyone to be clear that Dean was to be honored in the same way Castiel was. “Dean of Novak Pack. Do you have a table available for us?”
Angel didn’t answer but got to work quickly cramming the rest of Dean’s burger into his face. Yes, Dean had never seen an Omega enjoy his food more. He was almost jealous. And he was hungry, watching his burger disappear down Angel’s face.
Castiel knew that he was privileged beyond compare. So many Omegas in the world suffered from trafficking, forced into prostitution, even baby farming. They didn’t have the choices that he did. They didn’t get even to go to school in some places. He gave where he could in ways that he thought would alleviate at least some of the suffering in this world.
“Dean. It was. It was a very big thing. A Howler is not a lower order monster. I would hesitate to go up against an Ozark Howler myself unless I had full body armor and tactical armored support behind me. To extract the fangs without special equipment? Your bravery and skill is…stunning,” Castiel said.
Done right, the intoxication strengthened the pair bonding. That was why they thought it existed at all. It was only dangerous when the Alphas weren’t around, when an Omega got dumped while in the middle of an incomplete mating. Then the Omegas would go around from Alpha to Alpha, desperate to find what they needed, some substitute for what they weren’t getting from the Alpha that addicted to him. It was never quite right, so the come drunk never smoothed out. You couldn’t start a pair bonding with one Alpha and hope to finish it with a different one. The Omega would never find true satisfaction for their jones. Dean knew some guys liked to get Omegas addicted and turn them into total comesluts and dump them. They liked to see Omegas desperate and needy and willing to do anything for their next hookup of come. That wasn’t him. He didn’t pull shit like that.
“There’s useful and useful though. Take my spot at the head table. I can see I’ve got some chops to bust.”
“It’s stupid. It’s not like I’m exactly a blushing virgin,” Dean said. In truth, he was already ruined, as far as most Alphas were concerned. Perhaps maybe he should just call Dad and ask to be taken in. Dean had obtained his goal- launching Sammy into a good school. He didn’t deserve the kind of life where Alphas bought you glittery prizes just for the chance to court you. He wasn’t worth that.
“I just. I did everything right. I saved myself. Didn’t even let myself be kissed. Didn’t even go out on dates and don’t think I didn’t have offers from guys around the school. Because this, this is fine stuff here,” Dean said, demonstrating himself. He knew he could look pretty if he was dressed right. Yeah, there was the ever present Alpha harassment, but he’d also gotten a lot of respectful attention too. Alphas asking for his guardian’s number so they could get permission to ask him out, that kind of thing. He’d even given this one guy, Lee, Jimmy’s number, but if Jimmy had gotten a call, Dean never heard anything of it. Lee avoided Dean after that.
Castiel couldn’t help but shake his head at that memory. She was his fiercest lieutenant now, maybe the only one he trusted as much as Jimmy. In some matters, he trusted her more than Jimmy. At the time though, she had seemed like all he had ever wanted. He’d daydreamed constantly about their possible future, how they would run away and join the garrison together and eventually found their own pack. He’d just been stupid over her and she would never love him or anyone at all in the way he’d loved her. Luckily, she had been just sweet enough on him not to hate him for it and smart enough for the both of them. It wasn’t that Meg didn’t love. She did love him, but not in the way mates love each other.
It had been so long. He looked a little older now, but it sat well on his shoulders. Dean was older himself. Castiel was just every bit as handsome as Dean remembered, his chin strong, his jawline sharp and his eyes piercingly blue. He had a shining quality to him almost, a presence. He’d always had it, Dean thought, but somehow it was more apparent here in front of the crowd. The pain in Dean’s chest that was always something like a phantom hand gripping his heart tightened and squeezed to see his Alpha so close yet so impossibly far away. It had been more than fifteen years since he’d last seen Castiel in person but the agony was no less fresh, the sense of isolation no less crushing. His kept his best poker face on though, not letting anything out.
The man looked at the credit card and his whole attitude did a one-eighty. He typed into the computer for a little bit, did his clerk things and said, with a big, fake smile, “The Milton suite does appear to be available, sir. If you just sign there. Wonderful. Here’s your keycard, the suite is ready for you. Did you have luggage with you?”
“Oh, yes. It was on a brief hiatus for the winter. I’m on my way to join them in Kansas City before we head east. I’ve been working off season in Jacksonville, Florida.”
Cas must be more of show his feeling by gifts kind of guy, Dean thought. Showing up that afternoon with Baby. With the wedding gift of the precious Angel blade, that was still riding around in Dean’s back pack, in its makeshift sheath. Who gave something like that away? Even to your mate at the mating ceremony. Like showing up with the car, it was a grand gesture of a gift.
It was unconscious at first, but along with his scent, he’d begun to mark Dean with the calming pheromones, and slowly, Dean’s heart rate dipped to almost normal. His quivering ceased, mostly. Sometimes, an Alpha had to calm the others in the pack, instantly remove their fears. There had been times when order and compliance meant survival. It was, in many ways, the most terrible of the powers an Alpha possessed, something rife with capacity for abuse, even more than the command voice. Few people would want their moods and minds altered without consent. He forced himself to stop.
He stripped out of his jacket first, then his shirt, then the undershirt, which was a little damp with his sweat. A little awkward with an Omega on his lap who didn’t seem inclined to give up a close nose to the scent gland area, but he managed somehow. Once his torso was bare, Dean did clamber off his lap, if only to crawl around on the bed so that he could get a better look at Castiel’s back.
The house was well built but spartan. Not much in the way of ornament on the whitewashed walls or dark stained floor boards. There was a hall stand ornamented with cow horns near the door with a couple of hats on it already, so Castiel added his to them, feeling pleased that he now had a place to hang his hat. Dean’s brown hat took the horn next to it. He hung his duster up as well, next to a well worn looking work jacket. On the wall across from the stairs someone had framed a hand worked sampler. Castiel read the words that had been stitched, surrounded by decorative embroidery. It was not the neatest stitchery in the world, to say the least and there were a lot of finger smudges staining the cloth.
They’d said he wouldn’t feel anything as they took the baby out. That wasn’t quite true. It wasn’t pain and mostly he couldn’t feel his lower body, but there were sensations. He could feel movement and tugging, pressure a bit. Mostly it was like it was happening to someone else. Like the part of him behind the curtain was another person completely. He was scared though, in a dazed, disconnected kind of way, but Cas was there, holding his hand, so it was okay. Cas had come. His mate was here with him.
“Hard to believe it’s Christmas Eve already tomorrow already,” Sam said. Then he looked up at the clock. “Correction. Hard to believe it’s Christmas Eve.”
“I’m gonna take the kids and get a real tree for the living room. Maybe while we’re gone, you can figure out where we can put the Christmas twig you bought.”
“Meg is smarter and more vicious than you and me put together,” Castiel said. “Father hated her, which I suppose says something. I’m just glad she knew me better than I know myself. And I am glad she’s at my back and not in my bed.”
Dean remembered that day. Dad had still been around some, not yet married to his new wife, but he was gone a lot and didn’t leave a lot of groceries or money for them. Cas hadn’t let him mow, but instead set him to weeding this flower bed and had ended taking Dean out that night. It hadn’t been about sex at first, but just something like dating, only slowly turning into their arrangement.
“Yeah, well, Omega reproductive studies are about fifty years behind that of Beta women. They sometimes try and give them the same stuff they give to Betas, but the chances of pregnancy are still sky high. If I were an Omega wanting to avoid pregnancy, I would pick a copper-T IUD every time. Twenty minutes of suckitude, years of worry free banging. Best bet for no babies for an Omega are sterilization, then IUD, then condom use every single time. What we call Omegas who try any other methods is Mommy.”
“Stay down, Omega,” Azazel said, motioning with the gun, so Dean stayed. Azazel looked around the cave, noticed the outlaw that Dean and Castiel had tied up earlier. He knelt down by the man and checked him over. The outlaw stayed limp and lifeless as Azazel lifted one of his arms up, then felt around his necked. “Ah, you killed Ramiel. Never did like Ramiel anyway.”
Cas and Dean walked into the library. Dean was dressed in his dead guy robe. Castiel had picked up a navy blue one over the years and he wore it over one of Dean’s t-shirts and a pair of rolled up pajama bottoms that might have been Sam’s at one point but that Dean had kind of commandeered. It was nearly noon, for Pete’s sake, and they weren’t even dressed. Sam had run five miles, done an hour of yoga, Skyped with Eileen for an hour and cataloged a quarter of a banker box and they hadn’t even put on shoes yet.
Well, Michael couldn’t have known. Dean hadn’t known, because he’d done everything the right way. He’d been a good Omega, saved himself for his Alpha, just like he was supposed to. Michael would make sure Dean would get what he needed. Maybe he didn’t want to tie up for good reasons. It definitely increased the chances of making babies, even if the Omega was on birth control. And Dean was, because Michael said he didn’t want babies just yet. So, maybe there wouldn’t be knotting, but Michael might get him one of those toys.
He just stared at the screen for minutes, heart broken, scared shitless. Not only had Cas ended it, he’d gotten a whole new phone number, abandoned this one. There was no way for Dean to contact him. Yes, he’d met Cas at one of Sam’s parties, but Sam had said that he didn’t really know Cas that well, that Cas normally kept to himself at work, didn’t socialize much outside of work. He was alone. Dean had been abandoned by the only Alpha he’d ever wanted.
This was it. Dean had reached his goal. Sam was taken care of, at least to the point where an Omega couldn’t take care of an Alpha any longer. Every Alpha had to go off to one of these schools and find his way in the world. Sammy could only learn to be a good Alpha from other Alphas. Dean felt weak, empty and pointless as he watched his pup get absorbed, without a look back, into a sea of other boys, become one of their pack. Dean could feel his knees go weak, as if he were about to fall to the ground, but then Castiel was there with his arm wrapped around Dean’s shoulders, leading him back to the van. Castiel’s body was warm when Dean suddenly got cold. He was solid, strong and he seemed to know exactly what to say and what to do. It wasn’t even what he said, just soft murmurings that Dean hardly heard, but they were back in the van soon, driving away.
“Castiel, there was someone, back in Kansas, wasn’t there?” Amelia asked. “I never said anything, because on your own, you did everything I would have asked you to do. You cut all contact. You left him behind in Kansas. I could only tell for sure someone’s scent had been on you when that scent was faded and gone.”
Dean sighed and settled even more bonelessly against Castiel. Castiel rubbed his back up and down over the flannel shirt Dean wore. He wanted to ease his hand up the back of Dean’s shirt and touch bare skin. He didn’t dare
No stars tonight, but up and down the block, Christmas tree lights glimmered and shone, little bright candles against the long darkness of winter. He got the best view of it up here on the roof. All his neighbors really got into the holiday spirit, decorating their rooflines and trees with lights. Becky and Mark down the street really got into it, with a whole Manger scene complete with animatronic camels and sheep and Mary and Joseph, then, to balance thing with some secularism, Santa and his reindeer were shaped with lights on the rooftop. This was his neighborhood. Middle class. Hard working people like him. This was where he belonged. Where he’d formed a family with his brother.
Sam knew something was up between Dean and Cas. They were both notoriously close lipped people at the best of times. You’d have to be blind to miss that they were together. Like, together together. Dean’s faux-proposal on their beach vacation, played for a laugh, of course, had certainly not added up to a Vegas wedding. They hadn’t made any announcements or engaged in any casual affection around the bunker. He hadn’t even managed to catch them walking out of Dean’s bedroom together or anything. He found that frustrating as Hell, because hello, he should know if his brother was involved. No, Dean’s previous pick-ups weren’t anything he wanted to know about, but this was different. They all lived together.
They joined the end of the line, but a familiar scent made him bristle, a familiar figure was just ahead of him in line, a fireplug of an Alpha, beginning to bald, standing next to him, a petite red head, her hair in elaborate, bouncy curls, also familiar to him. However, it was quite clear to all the packs around that Rocky’s Place was not just neutral territory, but almost aggressively so. Rocky would, apparently and without fear, cut off whole packs from the barbecue for the actions of one pack member causing trouble, or so it was said. Castiel had never been but apparently Rocky’s was a guilty pleasure of many in his pack and it was known you did not misbehave at Rocky’s.
It was just starting to snow as he and the kids set out for the Christmas tree lot that was about five blocks away, not hard, just a few sparkly flakes that drifted on the wind and looked pretty, not really sticking to anything. Scenic though. Just about right for the activity and the time of year. They all started out pretty enthused and running ahead of him. He just kept an eye out, figuring they were safe enough in the small town residential streets. By about block three, he had two kidlets clinging to his back in a sort of shared piggy back ride. The lot was in the parking lot of the Young Omegas Christian Athletic Association, run by them, organized by Garth every year, the biggest fundraiser they had.
Dean kept glaring at Cas while they waited. He kept eating at a slower pace. That was good, he thought. Dean was no longer hungry at least. His mate would be taken care of. Cas tamped down any stray thoughts about that. His inner Alpha knew Dean was his, but Cas had spent his lifetime pushing that son of a bitch down and taking control of himself. He should never have let himself get so far gone in the first place as to do what he’d been doing. Sam was there before too long, banging on the industrial metal door of the loft style condo like thunder. Like an apocalypse was at his door. Maybe it was.
Somehow, Dean thought he wasn’t reading too much into the cards when he decided what Castiel was trying to say was, “I wish you were here with me.”
“Why do I have to do all the hard work?” Dean grumbled, then rolled onto his back, pulling Cas with him.
She glanced at the pile of money. “Close enough,” she said and Dean knew that he’d given her far too much from her tone, but for once, he didn't care about saving his pennies. He wanted his Dad taken care of right and laid to rest at home.
He walked out even as Amelia was calling out for him, but the door slammed shut behind him felt good and then he was running down the street.
Castiel smiled, knowing she had been outflanked already on this one. “On the contrary, I already have my majority share. This morning, Gabriel and I signed the papers. He is now owner of Arcadia House and its estates. I am now the owner of the twelve percent of the mine that he owned. Both of these are our personal property and this sale not subject to approval from the Crown.”
“If you’re certain,” Castiel said. He himself was not certain. He was so torn. He wanted to ask Dean about why he’d really disappeared into the denning nook. Whether he could be pregnant. If Dean wanted to be pregnant. He knew Dean loved children, but that didn’t mean Dean wanted them now. There was even a rebellious, demanding corner of Castiel that wanted to ask Dean if he’d be willing to starting trying for it now if he wasn’t. That part of him got quashed down immediately.
"Did you call my Dad already?" Dean asked. "Please, don't call him. He doesn't have to know what happened. I can figure this out. No one has to know. Please."
He shook his head and grabbed the amber bottle of anti anxiety pills from his pocket. He never went anywhere without them, even though it had been months since he’d needed to use them. He didn’t get a chance to take one yet though. Something inside him had turned on the bilge pump and his gorge rose uncontrollably. Charlie was not fast enough with the trash can this time and a bunch spewed onto the desk before he could get his mouth over a plastic bin. Mullet guy hovered as if he wasn’t sure what to do, but clearly thinking he should do something.
“There’s one thing that helps an Omega like nothing else,” Amelia said. She was holding Claire to her breast, nursing. “And Jimmy and I have it.”
Dean had been inside the building before, Sam having dragged him here to see that Shakespeare thing with the young lovers chasing each other all over the forest and the faeries causing trouble, like they did. The lobby still had the gilded over the top fanciness. What hadn’t been carved had been painted. Even the carpets were woven with a colorful floral and trellis patterned. No wonder they hadn’t been able to keep it up, such high splendor for a town like Fort Smith.
Michael was already in the deep tub as they traipsed through the master bedroom. A fire was already laid on in the fireplace, the door to a white, gleaming bathroom open.
The next day, they kept riding through countryside that was slowly changing. They rode down out of the mountains and into dry, sere flats, where the greens were washed out and every color was muted to brown. It wasn’t desert, not quite, but it was drier than where Dean had come from. The wind whipped Dean’s serape, so cold it felt like it was sapping his strength.
Bobby looked like he was about to cry, his soft eyes seemed wet and full of tears. Somehow, that was what made it all real, not just some abstract legal abstraction, but a real threat that he would be sent away. It was Jimmy who took over, not Castiel.
“Your brother’s achievements are impressive,” Castiel said. “Did you want an opportunity to finish your education, Dean?”
“Just down the river a piece. They’ll be right here and they’re taking you in,” Dean said. “They’ll be here because they heard your shooting. You always were dumb as a rock. Can’t take a hint to save your life.”
“Ugh, he’s at it again with the kale,” Dean said. The server had brought Sam’s order out, some kind of smoothie or juice, bright emerald green.
“There isn’t any question of that,” Castiel said. “Of course I claim her as my child and if Dean will let me, I hope I can win him back and win his trust and the trust of your family.”
“My mother intends a mating for me that is anathema to me. Since I refuse, she plans to send me to St. Misha’s Convent and I don’t wish to go. They only take virgin Omegas. It seems like the obvious solution to my problem.”
“He’s an old, old man, but he’s hanging in there. He’s had a good retirement. He’s been a good stallion for me. Most of my best horses were sired by him or his sons. The ranch wouldn’t be nearly as successful without his line. You giving him to me means more than you can know.”
Dean pulled the gold necklace from under his shirt and Sammy examined it. “I think that’s a real emerald, Dean.”
Such a little amount to count as souvenirs of a trip out to supposedly uncivilized country. Nothing left at all of the Marshal, not even the rain on parched dirt scent of the man lingered. He couldn’t believe that the Alpha had just ridden on, as if their time together was nothing. If he’d known Castiel was leaving, he wouldn’t have washed up last night, so that the scent from when Castiel had caught him falling could have stayed on his body for a little while longer at least. It didn’t really matter. The scent would have soon faded anyway, what with the Alpha not around to refresh it.
“I’m not Cas,” the text came back. “My name is Amy. I just got this phone. I’m sorry I don’t know who your Cas is.”
I will continue to update at least once a week. I may open comments again at some point in the future, but not now. To clarify, this is not because of the contents of any of the messages. It’s just that there are nearly 40 of them and this much attention is tripping some anxiety triggers.
Dean nodded, then Castiel wondered how much he should cut. There was about half the pie left. It was a tricky question, really. He didn’t want Dean to think he was being limited, but Dean seemed to have a substantial amount earlier in the evening and Jimmy was looking at the pie plate covetously. Castiel took an amount that was a quarter of what was left and put it on plate for Dean. “Is that enough?”
His first call the next morning was not to an attorney, but to Naomi at the Lawrence office, to see if anything was available. It seemed like fate when he learned that the person hired to replace him had just that morning been fired for embezzlement.
“Dean! Thank God. Where are you? I’ll come get you. My, God, Dean, we just,” Dad trailed off, as if there were things he couldn’t say, couldn’t admit to.
They’d pay him? For something he’d do for free? And let him live with them while still living with Bobby and his family and Sam sometimes?
“But I don’t want to go. You promised I would have a place here. You, all of you, promised I was pack.”
“I’m glad you’ve never been charged. I’d hate to have to serve a writ on you,” Castiel said, holding her two smaller hands between his own. Dean was surprised at the burn he felt in his chest, recognizing it as jealousy. “I would if it were my duty, but I would not be happy about it.”
“Son, you and the other waitresses, are all young enough to be my own kids,” Bobby said. “And seeing y’all in those skimpy little outfits makes me feel like a dirty old man. And I don’t like that feeling much, so I try to avoid it. Here, hold this light for me.”
It’s the day after Dean and Castiel’s mating and Dean has to go to school. We learn he’s lactose intolerant. There’s yet another loss for Dean, but at least he has a good friend to go to.
He stared at the painting while they waited. He wouldn’t have left the law, would he? It was true that the Territories were now closed to the U.S. and its citizens completely by some means no one quite understood and most called devilry, but some called an act of God. But there was plenty of law breaking still and other places for miscreants to try and escape to, and need for the Marshals to track them there. Castiel had seemed, to Dean at least, to see the law as a calling.
“I think his obligatory appearance here has been long enough,” Balthazar added, gently. “Perhaps we should get you back to the hotel, Highness. You’re due in Omaha in the morning.”
Castiel ached, burned even, to see his mate looking to his brother for reassurance after the mediation. This was all so complicated. It had seemed so simple at first. He would mate Dean and that would be protection enough. No one would dare contest a mating made holy at midsummer full moon, blessed by the Goddess and demonstrably consummated. It would be like contesting the Goddess herself.
“Nothing is set,” Cas said. “I don’t have a studio contract at the moment. I could see if Gabriel is willing work around the times you’re willing to live with me in our house in Jacksonville. If not, he’ll have to be disappointed or find another star.”
“Huh,” Crowley said, looking at the cuffed Alpha dismissively. After he sniffed at Winchester, Crowley said to the police, “You’ll be charging him with creating a public disturbance then? Maybe drunk and disorderly is more to the point? He does smell a bit pickled to me.”
“He was an Omega. A turned human, not a born werewolf,” Castiel pronounced, looking at the young man’s body. “An Alpha and his newly mated Omega. They may not have gathered a pack around them yet. Still, we should be careful. There may be more around. You should be more careful.”
“Do I have wear this thing?” Dean asked. “Nobody’s going to be looking at me. I’ll just wear the black jeans and a black shirt or something.”
The tour had meant to go on for another two weeks, into the new year, but Castiel rather thought this was the sort of conversation you had in person. The personal secretaries had shuffled things around among themselves and rescheduled appearances. It meant that his appearances in Omaha were covered by his cousin Samandriel, the Earl of Welkin, who was rather prettier than Castiel and always amenable to giving a speech to a crowd, so long as he didn’t have to prepare it.
Dean sighed heavily, stood up and said, “Let’s go, Sammy. There’s a train back to Dardenelle in twenty minutes.”
The shower had been so good at removing Alpha smell that he was now left with the problem that he didn’t smell of Michael anymore either. Dean not scented like his mate might just as easily make Michael made as Dean smelling of someone else. Dean dug through his closet, looking for something that might have a little of Michael’s scent embedded on it.
“They’re identical twins. There’d be no way anyone would ever know which one of them would be the father,” Cole said.
Dean was uncomfortable in the hospital bed. The IV in his arm was pinching and there was a plastic tube snaked around his face, up in his nose- an oxygen cannula. He recognized that from some of his previous hospital stays. He wasn’t in pain, not really, but it was like there was a nagging awareness of it having gone away temporarily rather than permanently. More than that, there was a distinct lack of baby. They’d promised, even with the c-section, that the Bean could room in with him until they both could be discharged. He felt empty, alone.
“Yes, you have to wear it. You promised, Dean. Don’t embarrass me,” Sammy said. “So get this. A bunch of big wigs from somewhere just bought a bunch of tickets for this thing and they’re going to make a massive donation. Like huge. Big enough to open a second shelter big.”
The day it hit the news, Dean and Cas had gone over to Michael’s house, now technically Dean’s house, seeing as Michael was dead. Not that anyone knew that. They brought a handful of cardboard boxes, planning to get the few things that Dean had been allowed to keep. They were met by a team of investigators, mostly clustered in Michael’s office, but scattered around the house. They were stopped at the door by a man in a badly cut black suit who had an FBI wind breaker on top of that.
“Yes, of course,” Castiel said. “I accept. As soon as you would want it. Unless, you’re just saying this for my sake. I don’t need my ring on your finger to know that I will be yours for as long as you’ll have me. I know the ranch reverts to your brother when you marry.”
Castiel tilted his head a little, like a quizzical child and then seemed to think a while before he spoke again. “No, I don’t expect there will be. Let’s go.”
Six months later, Dean was sitting on the beach, sand in his toes, but no fruity rum drink in his hand. Both Rowena and Missouri Mosley had cautioned him off hard liquor of any kind while he carried. Not that it mattered. The pup didn’t like so much as the smell of hard liquor, even on another’s breath, so that meant at least Dean was not alone in his required temperance.  Castiel could not imbibe either. Because Dean said so.
“The rest of the courting gifts could be given as soon as you want. You could be officially my mate this afternoon, if you like.”
I am responding to your kind and warm comments as soon as I can. I am overwhelmed and a little stunned with all the love and support. I do appreciate comments, I really do.
Balthazar was making the introduction, “This is Samuel Winchester, the volunteer coordinator and Shelter Manager. And this is is brother, Dean Winchester.”
This was how you did the protective thing right, Dean thought, as they walked out of the building. You didn’t demand it. You just showed up when you knew you might be useful and you were just there. Jimmy always walked Dean home on Wednesdays because you knew that this was the afternoon that Creepy Todd who took one class with Dean once, always came back to campus. Creepy Todd, whose actions were never enough to get the police to pay attention to, but were alarming to Dean. He wondered if maybe the Jimmy escort wasn’t necessary anymore, what with Castiel’s scent all over him.
Once they reached the barn, Dean took the horses away. Cas was going to follow, to help Dean care for the beasts. It had been a while since he’d done any work like that, not that he was looking forward to it, but it was his responsibility if he rode the horse. Besides, it was his intention to take to Dean’s life.
“Probably the other way, if anything,” Ben said. He’d crept up on their group. He was a harp player. Normally he’d be playing right now but the roar of the wind and the crash of the thunder would have drowned out any music. “Jimmy is Mr. Charm and Castiel couldn’t pull an Omega with a fishing net. As far as I can smell, the dude hasn’t had sex once since he got back here.”
At Dean’s silence, Cas added, “With a knife. Her name was April and she stabbed me when I found out she was a murderer with a writ out on her. I was lucky not to die. You have your own scars with their own stories.”
“I’m not saying your brother is a whore or anything. Just saying Castiel’s got it going on, you know?”
Dean coughed up some beer, then sputtered, “You can’t just go up to a random Alpha and ask that kind of thing!”
“It was the first time I’d stood on pack lands in over ten years,” Castiel said. “I would never have returned except Jimmy needed me. He called and I…”
Again, Castiel says all the wrong things at all the wrong times. Starting about now, he may end up doing things you don’t like very much.
“I’ll take the kids tree shopping myself. You should rest. You look like hell. Meeting the one like that, or even thinking you did, and losing them wrecks havoc on the endocrine system. Thank about how bad off I was when I came home. Get some sleep. But get a  shower first. What did you do? Just douse yourself with scent block spray?” Sammy said. “I can do school pickup today. All I have to do in class is drop off my take home test and final paper.”
“No, no complaints,” Castiel said, feeling every bit as intimidated as the carnie wanted him to be. He tried to tug Dean away from the game booth but Dean was having none of it and Castiel couldn’t move him. He was like that, Dean was. He cared about things like truth and honesty, despite being an inveterate liar at times. It was beautiful to see that passion, but maybe not quite now, when it might get them in trouble.
“Could I use your telephone?” Castiel asked. “I should probably call Gabriel and inform him of my whereabouts. He knew I would be going to look for you after the premier, but my departure was a little precipitous.”
Yell County had its share of Temperance Clubs and Leagues, usually one at each church. It wasn’t that Dean ever listened to their preaching and lecturing, but one thing he knew for certain was that with this woman sharing the shelter with them, he wanted to keep a clear head tonight. It wasn’t that he was opposed to liquor, though he’d seen the damage it could do. Perhaps Azazel might never have found the gumption to shoot John Winchester except with the poison of the bottle inside of him.
“It’s Sam!” His little brother snarled at him. “Goddess, Dean! Just don’t even try and talk to me. Dad would be so ashamed of you. Getting to mate the Pack Alpha and all you can do is cry like a baby.”
Cas gave a little grin. “Just like you, this box is a lot tougher that it appears at first. Only the outer layer is fragile. Inside, it’s made of laminated alloys, including steel. There’s very little that can get through, short of high grade industrial equipment. Go on. Open it.”
“I’m sorry, Alpha,” Dean said. “You seemed on very important pack business with Hannah. I was always taught an Omega does not interrupt an Alpha when he is talking business.”
The radio announcer let her escape into the movie palace, but probably only because another car rolled up, as fancy a car as you ever saw in Arkansas. A Packard Twin Six maybe? This time, an Omega got out of the back seat. He wore a softly cut fancy black suit with a white bow tie. He was pretty, with blond hair grown nearly as long as Mary’s bob, swept back from his forehead. Even from this distance, Dean could see that the Omega’s eyes were a clear blue. His figure was as soft as his suit. He was slim, even slight. Delicate looking. Pale. He was everything that Omegas were supposed to be like, Dean supposed. Everything Dean was not.
“Dean, you have to stay,” Sam said, holding tight to the hand, locking it in his. Like, if he locked Dean’s hand in his hard enough, Dean couldn’t go away. In his mind’s eye, he could almost picture a boat floating away from him. Looking off the stern was his Dad- cold, angry and distant, like he always was, and standing next to him was Dean, sad, plaintive, looking back at Sam. He wouldn’t want to leave Sam behind, would he?
The winter passed, as they always, eventually, did, no matter how long you thought it would go on for. Dean finished up his certification for the Grace Engines, not that he wanted to, but just about all new cars had them and cars that didn’t were leaving the roads. Cars like Baby, that ran on dead dinosaurs, were starting to be dinosaurs themselves. If he couldn’t repair cars with Grace Engines, he’d have to shut down.
They didn’t talk much on the drive back home. Dean was ruminating. He would come around, Castiel thought. He wondered what wonderful things Dean might decide to do now that his first thought didn’t have to be the little brother. He hoped that Dean didn’t decide he’d made a mistake, hitching himself to Castiel’s somewhat stationary wagon. What an amazing person he was and Castiel wondered, if Dean wanted to leave their little home out in the country, would he follow. He looked at Dean looking out at the passing scenery and decided, yes, he would.
But he was still holding on to Dean just enough. Dean went down too, the big gaping maw of the shaft looming in his vision as the whole world dropped out from under him in dizzying suddenness. He was falling. He was going to die.
Castiel had finally had a day where he managed to break away early enough to return to Folsom while it was still day light. He let himself in through the kitchen door this time, thinking about how nothing he’d done so far with oiling and adjusting had stopped the squeal that the front door made. Dean had been studying, a tall pile of books at his elbow, at the kitchen table but he hopped to his feet as soon as he realized it was Castiel.
Before long, Charlie had placed their order. Almost cheese-less meat lovers for him, tropical style for her, extra ham, extra pineapple, extra cheese, kind of an extra pizza on top of her pizza.
“Well, don’t call me in the middle of the night when you’re jonesing for dick you just can’t have,” Meg said. “Please get off the bed. I have get you presentable for that spontaneous little lunch you’re supposed to have with Duke Michael before we head off to Lawrence.”
“Doesn’t have to be to work. Just has to be around enough,” Bobby said. “It’s kind of an any baby will do situation. Miss Claire there just happens to be the newest one the pack’s got around. I know it’s just been you and your brother a long time, but being in pack is different.”
Jimmy grinned, suddenly so happy, like he’d been told the best news he could have heard and it almost broke Dean’s heart to tell him that it wasn’t good news.
The stories had it wrong about werewolves. The stories told of humans using the wolf shift to transform into an animal form on the full moon. It was the other way around. They were wolves, larger and stronger than even normal wolves, but still wolves. On full moon night, the wolf shift came and they transformed into humanoid form so long as the moon shone. That was the danger. Wolves, they kept to themselves, kept themselves as far from humans as they could. But in Human-ish form? Those were the dangerous ones.
“It’s nice out here,” Dean said as they settled onto the bed in the back of the van. Castiel did end up opening the rear doors. The late afternoon was warm approaching hot. “We should go fishing sometime.”
“I can’t take this,” Dean, said, trying to give Jimmy the precious thing back. He would not take it. “It should be for your next baby. Claire’s sister or brother.”
Meg turned to go, no doubt planning her pending lecture to the young Alphas. She couldn’t help getting in one last dig at Castiel. It was fine. It was fitting. Meg was there to keep the Alphas that lived in the Hall in line and behaving. Castiel supposed that included hi, when you got down to it. It was his house. She had the running of the household though.
“Castiel’s coming to spend the night, right?” Dean asked when Jimmy came home. “Since he doesn’t have a house out at the village. I mean, even the Hall doesn’t have a complete roof.”
“You make these things?” Dean asked, whispering. Behind them, some person shushed him, so he kept his peace and his trap shut. Castiel just squeezed his hand silently and smiled. Soon, the short film was over and there was another up on the screen.
“What choice do I have?” He asked, voice all but breaking. “He said I could never come home again. I’d have nothing. Nowhere to go.”
“I’m afraid I have to go to the pack offices and spend most of the morning on the phones with insurance adjusters and contractors. I know you’ll understand the urgency of getting the Hall repaired before the next full moon. I’ll be heading back to the pack lands for a meeting with a contractor at eleven, an appointment I was lucky to get.”
Rowena got to work, setting out candles. She set out a bowl of water and washed her hands with soap, dried them on a clean towel. Castiel assumed that was some manner of pre-spell ritual. Castiel settled down in a chair near the bed, about dead with exhaustion, his whole body now starting to hurt from the effort of Dean’s rescue. He would pay later in agony for slumping into a hard chair when his back was strained from the effort of pulling them both hand over hand up a rope out of a pit, then riding a day and a night as hard as he could, but there was no way he was going to ask for a bed when Dean’s life was hanging in the balance.
It was amazing what a difference the car made in getting to Fort Smith. It had taken the better part of a day in the days of the riverboat, a few hours on the train and in the car, just an hour and a half. It made it possible to head to Fort Smith for just an evening like this. Hard to believe it had been twenty-five years already since Dad had died. Even his youngest brothers were grown men now and gone off to the city, Adam gone to medical school and now a big city doctor, Ben gone to be an engineer and travel the world working on big dam projects. None of John Winchester’s Alpha sons had wanted a thing to do with the land. Only Dean had ever wanted it.
“Wow,” he said. “No wonder. I mean, I love that smell and I’m another Omega. Dean, you know I don’t believe in that fated other crap, but I’m sorry. It sounds like you could have really had something. He did you dirty. He should at least have the balls to say goodbye to your face. But you’ll find another Omega that smells just as good, just as perfect. I don’t think that there’s just one other out there for us. I think the world is full of possibilities.”
It kind of burned going in. Dean wasn’t entirely sure Michael had gotten the right hole. Everything was dry and tight and kind of painful.
He had, he thought, a lot to think about. He didn’t understand why he’d been acting the way he did, paying attention to only Hannah when that wasn’t something he wanted. Not at all. It wasn’t all about the land deal. It was a complicated deal, true, but there was no way he should have had Dean stand so close to him and not sense his mate at all. He should have been able to split his attention. Something was going on with him besides the simple thoughtlessness that Meg seemed to accuse him of. She was right. He had been given a treasure that he had been treating as if it were dross.
“A woman scorned, a long time before I ever met you,” Castiel explained at Dean’s implied question. “She was aiming for my heart, but she missed.”
Dean bristled the moment she stepped out of her Packard roadster and she grinned at that and said, “I haven’t managed to steal him from you in twenty-five years. I don’t think I could manage it now, not with that big old bite mark on his neck and your pretty scent all over him. Even though he was my boyfriend first.”
Hester stormed off, back to the kitchen gardens, still scenting fury and frustration. She had gotten no satisfaction from him, but she should not have expected to. In the end, the Hall and the land it stood on belonged to him personally. It certainly wasn’t the first time there was conflict between those who would completely set themselves apart from the world and those who embraced it to varying degrees. He wondered if those who would stand completely apart understood just how much they depended on the fruits of the labor of those in the pack who worked in the modern world.
Sam’s regular schooling was ending soon and he’d probably end up there anyway. But there was still time for it to be different. Sam had filled out scholarship applications for different schools. So many of them. Nothing had come back yet. It was kind of a Hail Mary pass, but maybe one would come through. If only Dad had been willing to put off getting married again until Sam could be schooled properly. With Dad’s proper support, they could have paid for one of the private academies and Sam wouldn’t need to do military service. Instead, Dad chose to have a second family without making sure his first was taken care of.
Everyone had made it clear to him that no Alpha out there wanted that. They all wanted some sweet, domestic, and most of all, pretty Omega. That was not Dean, never would be, and he didn’t even want to try to be that. He was not sweet or pretty. His body was hard and muscular with work. His hair was wind blown. His cheeks were spattered with freckles from the sun that not even his hat could keep entirely off his face. He dressed for work around the ranch, in dungarees, not in soft, pretty things. He was an unnatural Omega. He owned up to that and never denied it.
He didn’t deserve to be tied to some Alpha who had hardly a penny to his name but was treated like a big man, just because of his designation. Castiel would not do that Dean. Beyond the Alpha status, something given to him by God at his birth, not earned, Castiel brought nothing to the table other than a mild success rate at catching criminals and some party tricks done with a gun. His being an Alpha didn’t really mean anything, he thought. He was closer to thirty than twenty and yet he had accomplished nothing with his life. He didn’t even really own a horse anymore, given how much he owed Meg for the big bay. He was a disappointment to everyone that knew him. He was a silver star with a bum attached to it.
“You’ve spoken your thoughts on the matter,” Castiel said. “I hear your dissent and I acknowledge it. But in the end, this pack is not a democracy, Hester, and I will do what it takes to keep you all safe.”
Castiel should not have let Dean go. It had seemed a good moment to see if the boy would be able to stand on his own. It hadn’t been. Instead, Dean’s eyes had closed and it was like the strings had been cut on a marionette. One moment he was upright, the next he was a heap on the ground. Castiel dove for him but had failed to catch him. Kneeling beside the boy, he grabbed Dean’s wrist and felt for a pulse. He got nothing from he wrist, so he put his head to Dean’s chest. Heart still beating, but weak and tachycardic.
“Sorry, guys, just had to see how much she’d open up,” Dean said as he slowed to just exactly the posted speed limit, before making another turn that would lead them back to the dealership.
He tried to tell himself his anger at Cas wasn’t jealousy. He had no claim over the Alpha and never would. He had no reason to be upset if two persons who had no other attachments decided to attach to each other for a little while. Cas owed him nothing in that regard. He was just mad because they’d been rude and noisy about it when he was trying to sleep. He pushed his anger down because it was getting in the way of his pleasure at the ride.
“Well, boo hoo, Princess. I’d have killed a horse too if it meant saving your sorry ass,” Bobby said. “You got people that love you and need you, so forgive us if we want to see your face sticking around a while longer. You packed yet? Yer Ma wants you home yesterday.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “I’ve got it covered. Assuming Walt and Roy don’t decide to act up again and decide they’re in charge since they’re Alpha and I’m not. Going to fire their asses if they pull that again.”
Castiel looked down at his simple, practical clothes, a mostly black version of the military uniform he’d worn so many years, the same kind of BDUs, same boots. It wasn’t that he didn’t own any traditional clothes. He had some finely worked tunics, including one with elaborate embroidery that had been a gift from the pack, a far fancier garment than he felt comfortable wearing. No one much cared how he dressed.
He spoke about his classes to them and they were bored. He knew that he was defying his parents expectations for his education, because despite their best efforts, he was getting one. They hadn’t quite realized that a quiet, stealthy contingent of professors at his Omega only college were actually teaching their students, not just preparing them for good marriages.
They sat in silence a while, Castiel sipping at his coffee, Dean just sniffing them and enjoying the feel of the warm mug in his hands. It was almost comfortable silence, but they didn’t know each other enough for that yet really. “I know you don’t have classes today,” Castiel said after a while. “Did you have any plans for the day?”
Then the soft sound. Clear. Unmistakable. Someone cocking a revolver. Someone right there behind him.
“You can’t talk?” She asked. Dean shook his head. She looked kindly at him and said, “I’m not surprised. It should pass in a few days, once you start to recover. They call it pining sickness but it really should be called something like Traumatic Abandonment and Interrupted Mating syndrome. I guess that’s a bit of a mouthful. Not short and zippy like pining sickness. But being abandoned by a mate like this is every bit as traumatic as if your mate died. Unfortunately, like other kinds of trauma, it takes time to heal.
Dean’s little brother, who he loved so hard that his heart ached for it, no matter how rude or impossible the boy was being, shambled away back to join another boy carrying away a large chunk of downed tree from the road. He looked up at Meg, to say something to her, he wasn’t sure what. Not to thank her for correcting Sam, but not to defend Sam either.
“I’d rather turn tricks on the streets of Kansas City than nurse another one of your children,” Dean said. “But I won’t have to. So, get going. Sam is going to a school he picked and earned himself and I’m getting mated and you aren’t needed. You’re not family anymore and that was your choice.”
Jody took charge of rousing Rowena, directing Castiel to set Dean up, not in a prison bunk but in her guest bedroom in the little house that was attached to the prison. It wasn’t long before Jody frogmarched the red-headed witch in. Rowena apparently hadn’t been entirely cooperative being woken at such early morning hours. She must have understood that as a known witch, her tolerated presence in Fort Smith was due entirely to Jody’s goodwill and willingness to overlook the anti-witchery laws. Rowena’s apparent usefulness to the community being more important. Jody was nothing if not pragmatic and seemed to regard the witch as a better doctor than the actual doctor.
Would the Alpha want another round this morning? The morning wood would seem to indicate yes. Newly mated couples were known to go at it like rabbits. They were allowed a reprieve from their usual duties for a month, so they could spend that time cloistered together, cementing their mating bond. Maybe Dean could learn to enjoy sex with his Alpha over their honeymoon month?
He’d shook his head, not that it was really any of her business, but he said, “He’s a stupid, stubborn son of a bitch.”
At long last, the dinner was over and everyone, including the Alphas, helped clear the table, except for Eileen. She directed activities, but did not participate. Though she did, with Sam and Mary’s help, round up the five pups and shepherd them up to bed as the evening wore on, until it was just Dean and himself at the table with Bobby.
Jimmy frowned, held out a hand to Castiel, as if to pull him to his feet. “Well, pick something else to have your experiment at learning how to fail. You can’t fail at this. Too much is at stake.”
Don’t worry. Cas will have the riot act read to him in the next update and maybe, things are starting, just barely, to get through to him.
When he had heard his father was dead and the hired man was gone, Dean had had a moment of purest elation. The plans for the arranged mating would have to be shelved. Dean would be back in the saddle, running the ranch now that he was the oldest son, not stuck in the yard and the kitchen. Then the moment of pure joy had coagulated like some custard gone wrong in the cooking and lumps of guilt filled his gut, gathering into a big aching rock of guilt in his middle. His freedom was assured only by his father’s death and he had rejoiced in it. That had made him as evil as Azazel or Meg with her cattle thieving ways.
“Kiddo, you don’t have to stay, if you can’t,” Bobby said. “We’re not setting you on fire to keep your brother warm.”
And Cas seemed to be seeing Dean differently now too. He’d confessed to admiration at Dean killing the Howler. Dean didn’t see that as any great thing- Sam was his pup, his pup had been in danger. Everyone knew that you didn’t mess with an Omega when their pup was in danger. Dean had only done what any Omega would. He had been proud though, that he’d been able to make himself extract the Howler teeth himself while they were still potent. Proud when he’d been able to present his Dad with the largest, strongest of them. He’d kept only a few of the tiniest ones for himself, as memento. Dad had just taken the fangs, as if he expected no less, but Cas seemed to see something in it, in Dean, that was worthy of praise for it. Cas seemed to see the warrior in Dean and not think Dean less of an Omega or unnatural for it.
Then they dragged him out to the porch where a tiny, tiny little bonsai of a Christmas tree waited for them, the one that Sammy had picked out.
Dean’s a terrible terrible liar, but he’s skittish when he thinks he’s being cornered, so Sam waits til he’s got Dean right on the brink of orgasm before he brings anything up. He’s got a hand around Dean’s cock and his mouth on Dean’s chest and the fingers of his other hand pressing against Dean’s tongue so he feels Dean’s whole body react when he says, almost conversational:
“I told you to stay at the inn,” he says. “This is what happens when you don’t stay at the inn.” And then he lets the eager little vines guide him to where Jaskier’s being held open for him.
The good news is that witchers are very possessive, and he’ll realise how much you mean to him after a lovely near-death experience.
Cas didn’t stop. More and more tentacles kept pouring out of the place where his wings used to be, until all Dean could see was black. They plugged up his nose, his ears. They covered his eyes in thick, oozing tendrils, so the only thing he had left was the weight of Sam against him. The heavy thickening of his cock against Dean’s belly.
Dean screeches, clawing at his tongue, then remembering the other parts of him the water had surged through. He looks between his legs, and doesn’t know what to expect but somehow what he gets is still the complete opposite. His dick is rock hard, completely dry, and he gets the very clear memory of being certain he was coming, except it kept going, because the thing inside him was
He tried to ignore it, but his own cock was filling, too. Dozens of searching, sucking tentacles had plastered to his balls and the sensitive insides of his thighs. Another was exploring the head of his dick, dipping into his slit. He tried to shake his head, but the tentacle around his neck thickened and tightened, forcing him to arch backwards. Tendrils wrapped around and around his sack, stretching it past the point of pleasure, until his balls felt crushed and vulnerable. He wrenched against the things holding him but there wasn’t any give
He fixes it all with a kiss. Makes Sam whole and healthy again. Then he bites into the unmarked flesh and grinds his teeth together, splitting skin and swallowing mouthful after mouthful of blood. Putting Sam’s body into this one until they’re indistinguishable from each other.
He scratches lightly at the place that’s almost a seam but isn’t, enjoying the frisson of energy and the way skin turns into feathers without ever seeming to change at all. He keeps rubbing there until the hair on the back of his arms is all on end and his ears are starting to pop. Cas makes a subvocal sound like the letter g got stuck behind his tongue.
“Gold star human,” he tells Cas, except the words don’t make it out properly past his lips. Maybe they don’t make it out at all. He struggles for a second because that’s not… he’s gotta make sure Cas knows. Cas has to know that Dean thinks that. That Dean thinks… what? He thinks
“It hasn’t killed you,” Cas says through his teeth, like he’s forcing it to be true, like he can hold Dean together through sheer force of will, like he can’t see the two dozen wounds gouged so deep into Dean’s belly there’s almost light coming through from the other side.
Geralt obligingly reroutes them south, and he’s undressed already so Jaskier’s wrapping his fingers around Geralt’s cock before his head’s even stopped spinning. He’s only just finished playing for the drunkards downstairs, and this is the exact reward he was hoping for.
“No you don’t get the fucking whiskey,” Sam says, and Dean has to open his eyes at that because Sam sounds cranky, and he regrets it as soon as he does it because Sam’s right in front of his face and Sam
making contact. And all of it sizzles with the same electric Cas-ness. The pleasure that soaks into his ribcage like it belongs there.
he could think about the barn and make all this disappear and then it would stop hurting. The fires are splintering his bones, pooling through his arm so slowly, and he could leave, he could, he could.
There are golden strings connecting the spinning wheels to the place where Cas’s body is still sitting peacefully on the barn floor. Tentatively, Dean touches one of the strings. It doesn’t immediately explode or anything so he presses a little harder. It bends slightly, and then bends back into place, giving the impression that it’s pushing back against Dean as it does.
He carefully pulls Cas’s head into his lap while Sam restarts the car, and thinks about the kind of fun he’s going to be able to pull now that he can apparently go through walls.
“Stay,” Dean begs, voice fracturing into a thousand emotions, unnamed but not unknown, because they’re Sam’s too. “I love you,” he says, and, “Sammy,” and, “Please,” and, “Stay.”
Sam spreads Dean’s knees and attaches them to either side of the throne base. He runs hands down Dean’s body and evaporates whatever scraps of clothing he finds on the way down. The demons milling around the room barely look up. Sam grabs Dean’s ass and hauls him closer, so he’s practically bent in half over Sam’s lap. He digs his nails in, hard enough to bruise, and then hard enough to tear skin. Pricks of blood bead to the surface. Sam licks the tips of his fingers one by one while Dean writhes, twisting to find a position that allows him to rut against Sam’s throne or leg or
“You flirt,” Dean says as the skin heals. He kisses the inside of Sam’s knee, and then higher. Sam takes a fistful of his hair and drags him up on his knees to kiss him properly. Dean licks into Sam’s mouth and Sam bites him for the insolence, sucking the blood straight off Dean’s tongue. Dean just grins and opens wider, grinding his hips into the base of Sam’s throne while Sam sucks on his tongue. His hands creep down; one towards Sam’s cock and one towards his own.
Feathers catch him as he spins past, and he gets yanked out of the river of pleasure, gasping for air and wishing he was drowning instead. He coughs, chokes, is horrified when he spits out water and even more horrified when the wing that had caught him swipes through his body—
“Cas,” he says weakly, and though the wheels keep spinning and the shrouds keep blooming and the everything-else keeps everything-elsing, he gets the distinct impression that it’s now all doing it
“I thought about going to the firm partners, but I’m not going to. Honestly, you’re not the villain here. Maybe just the skeevy secondary villain at best. Panties? Really?”
“I know you don’t, kiddo,” Dean said, even though he kind of thought maybe Sammy did mean it that way subconsciously. Wires got crossed with young Alphas all the time and it wasn’t unheard of for an Alpha brother to take what wasn’t and never should be his. The results were tragic, especially for the Omega. Dean smiled at Sam and let him go, turned to the grocery bags and started unpacking them. “Now, you’ll be fine, right? We got lots of good stuff for you. Food. Food ready to eat now. And...”
“No, I think it’s time for me to go home,” Dean said, rubbing his belly, hoping like hell that his home would include the little bean growing inside him, that they wouldn’t insist on rooting it out or worse forcing him to grow it, then handing the result over to someone else. He’d explain about Cas and maybe, just maybe, they would understand.
“Of course, that’s just the land that can get tied up like that,” Rufus said. “I can think of ways to build him a nice little nest egg such that it doesn’t matter when the property transfers back to his brother.”
Bobby sniffed, obviously getting another whiff of sex scent. The big, bluff  Alpha colored a little, just a patch on each cheek. He looked up the stairs to the closed bedroom door doubtfully, but said, “Well, I’ll leave you to your sleep. Rest up.”
“That’s it?” He asked. Other than the unsettling way his body had perceived the procedure as threat, it had hardly hurt. He was walking out the door in less than three hours after he’d walked in, procedure already complete.
Dean hurried home, walking quickly, hoping he wouldn’t see anyone he knew. Lebanon wasn’t a big town and people talked. He didn’t want people to to know that he was walking around with a big shiner. Thankfully, it didn’t talk long to get from the junk yard to the nice neighborhood where they lived. You could cross the whole town, from city limit to city limit walking pace in less than an hour.
They were ready to ride again well before it was full light. Though the sky had lightened from its deep black, it was still nearly dark before they were on the trail, riding away from their camp. The moon, full and brilliant, still shone in the sky, about to set, peeking every now and then from behind thick clouds that were scudding across the sky. Their pace was slow and cautious because it was fairly dark yet.
“I told him,” Bobby admitted. “Told him about the ranch being entailed and what would happen if you got formally mated. But I told him to come for you later, when you was grown up some. I don’t think he’s coming though. I think you’re going to have to chase him down. He’s a stubborn son of a bitch. I tried to talk him into coming for you but it was like talking to a brick wall.”
All morning had been spent between consulting with different pack members, then with a couple of real estate attorneys who’d dropped everything to come out to the pack lands to help develop the contract, only leaving Castiel and Hannah to go over the details in the late, late afternoon. They’d sat at her desk in her kitchen office and gone over the contract with a fine-toothed comb. No one, not even Jimmy or himself, had a better idea of the pack financials than Hannah did.
“I don’t know about that. You’re looking mighty fine. But aren’t you in the middle of something here?”
warning-  Dean and Charlie talk about abortion. She’s had one. Dean decides he’s definitely not getting one. There is mention of past abuse of the Alpha compliance pheromones, though not in depth.  Dean worries that Castiel would ask him to get an abortion, but decides nothing will stop him from keeping the baby.
The Marshal grinned, just visible in the starlight. “Meg has a certain thorny beauty. She is wicked, but she is not evil. But there will be no more consorting this trip. Meg takes a fancy every now and then, but she puts up with no man for very long. I’m sorry we disturbed your sleep last night. The whisky hinders my best judgment and I will not let that happen again.”
“I’m not sure I’m really needed,” she said. “What I could contribute. In some ways, I’m little more than the housewife to our pack. I wouldn’t know what I could add to a discussion about hereditary pack rights.”
Fuck. Could Alphas get rapidly addicted to Omegas somehow? Because all he could think about, the one and only thing on his mind right now was that Angel’s scent wasn’t in his nose and that was real uncomfortable. He couldn’t sit still. He felt itchy. Like a big chunk of him wasn’t where it was supposed to be. He felt exactly like he felt the day he quit smoking cigarettes after smoking since he was fifteen. He’d had to quit when Sammy came home pregnant. It wasn’t good for a pregnant Omega and pups to be around even the hint of second hand smoke. It hadn’t been fun, quitting nicotine. How much worse would it be to quit something he honestly could see few downsides to? He knew nicotine was bad for him, but Angel? How could he want to quit that scent?
A little later, when Sam had gone upstairs, Dean took the angel topper off the shelf and tucked it back into the now empty ornament boxes, saying, “I guess we don’t need you after all, Angel.”
“Of course, he speaks elephant,” Dean said, looking around for something, anything to cover himself up. There was nothing. He settled for cupping his hands over his junk. Cas stood there naked and unashamed, just as solemn as he always was. Until out of nowhere, Castiel grinned, big and toothy. His shoulders shook with laughter.
“Dean, no, I’m not making a bet on that,” Sam said, sourly. “And I don’t want a ranch. I hate cattle and horses and chores. I don’t want to be in the family ranching business.”
When you first pulled them, there was a lot of lingering venom that could be used as a weapon against other monsters, but by now it would have degraded enough not to be dangerous against anything. But that was why you pulled a Howler’s teeth, not for mere trophy. Castiel ached as he thought about Dean bent over a foul, stinking corpse, pulling the teeth carefully so as to not get poisoned in the process. Dean would have already been presented, Castiel thought. John Winchester had left an Omega, not alone, but charged with protecting a younger child, in a place that had to have known Howlers, in a house so open to the elements that a salt line wouldn’t stay laid down. How drafty had the house been that the salt line wouldn’t stay laid?
Dean was dry and she was handing him some billowy white things with lacy trim and he tried to figure out what he was supposed to do with them. They were like shorts maybe? But nothing joined each leg together except for  a draw string pulled through a casing in each side of the waistband. Then he figured the tangle of fabric out. They were the traditional drawers, the kind  he had steadfastly refused to have anything to do with before.
“Will you be wanting to take up residence in your family house? I can arrange for it to be cleaned and readied. Chuck left a lot of responsibilities to me these last years. I’ve become sort of a pack administrator, Jimmy and I have been running things as best we can.”
A big gun, being cocked. Castiel sighed heavily, lifted his hands up, not exactly a surrender, but as if show he had no gun in them. Dean had startled, but thought he covered it well. Castiel, well, it seemed he’d been expecting it.
“No, I thought you said you were going to escort him from Folsom yourself. I assumed you’d already been and were back,” Jimmy said. “He should be fine. He knows the shuttle schedule. He usually gets himself to the Pack Lands on full moon.”
They were walking around the fairgrounds, nervous as heck. Castiel knew that the judging would be this afternoon and he supposed he should have been there for it, but his presence was not required for the honey judging part of the competition and he thought he might faint from anxiety, so Dean was keeping him company. This was, after all, the highlight of his time with the 4H club, one of the only activities really feasible for a teenage Omega in a farming community like Lebanon.
“Very well, Castiel,” she said. “You are my son and though you think otherwise, I have always tried to act in your best interest. I would not force you into a mating and I would not force you into a role you find no happiness in. You will still do your duty by your family and country, just in your role as CEO. I assume you plan to announce everything during the Christmas address to the country?”
Then the man himself, his One, his Omega, walked into the open bay. He was wearing a black suit, trench coat over it, wearing a tie, but the tie was kind of twisted up and backwards. His hair was a mess, rumpled and almost curled. He was no longer dolled up, but he was still beautiful.
"If that is what is best for them at the moment," Castiel said, with a little grin. "But there aren't enough Alphas around. There are three of them and one of her. She mostly sees to it that their toy knots are effective enough to help. Even so, enough to keep her more than busy. Now, can I help you? You would feel a lot better. If we neglect you, it could lead to mastitis."
Realizing finally as he walked that there was something in him back there, he reached around to feel and pull it out.
“And we’ll figure it out,” Castiel promised. “I’ll always be there for you. No matter how far away my parents send me. I will always come when you call me.”
And now, here they were. He had known Dean in the most tender, intimate way it was possible to know another person, far sooner than he’d hoped it would happen. He thought he would have to court Dean assiduously for some time before the Omega would forgive his many years of absence, but Dean had welcomed him with open arms and heart. Here they were, in a house that Dean had built for them both, drinking coffee and smiling at each other like idiots.
Dean was about to say something, but then Ishim stopped in front of the pub and ruined the evening completely. Castiel wouldn’t have wanted to run into Ishim at any time and in any place even alone, but to have Dean here with him when it happened was awful. He’d been having such a nice talk with Dean.
That was the voice of authority there. The Principal when you were in trouble, the father when you had disappointed, the higher ranking Alpha when you were acting like a fool in public. That voice. Not exactly the Alpha command voice, but not not the command voice. Sam sat up straighter and tried to indicate that he was paying attention.
“When we get a chance to go to town, we’ll get clippers. That’ll be easier,” Dean said, snipping and snipping. Castiel started to feel lighter, less weighed down, immediately, but maybe a little exposed. He couldn’t remember the last time his hair didn’t curl around his ears or frame his face. Dean worked quickly and long, dark curls of hair were vanishing on the wind too, until Dean put the scissors down, ruffled his finger’s through Castiel’s hair and tousled it just so. “There. Now that is one sexy hair cut.”
“And part of the protection she imparts is the knowledge to build a solid roof. Any breach, any opening, in the roof means a weakness in the wards. You know that,” he said, speaking as mildly as he could. It was an affront, at best, to be confronted like this, spoken to as if he were one of the young Alphas scheduled to work in her gardens found goofing off instead of working, but you couldn’t answer back rage to a Beta in the same way he could have if she was an Alpha. He had to take her concerns seriously, but he couldn’t back down either.
It was elusive under the hospital odors- bleach and other cleaners were pungent, purposefully meant to cut human odors, then the odors of sick people and just many people in general, but he thought he caught a delicate whiff of Dean’s scent, just a hint of it, so he followed it. He strode out of the clinic, starting to run as he caught a better trace of Dean in the parking lot, once he was away from the cleaning products. Dean was in distress, he could tell. And running. Dean moved fast, a lot faster than Castiel thought was possible. They were nearly a mile down the road from the clinic by the time Castiel had caught up with him. Dean was heading for the highway, as if he was planning to walk back to his own house. Maybe he was planning to hitchhike which was an even more terrifying prospect to Castiel.
“That’s right,” Dean said. Two could play the game that he was playing. “You got a problem with your Aileron?”
Then he noticed Castiel’s reaction to all the kissing. And his own. Omega cock was not big usually, but Castiel was a rock hard three inches, Dean was just a little bigger and it was life itself, it was everything as they ground against each other, searching out sensation against each other’s bodies.
“It is,” Cas said, voice level. The courting necklace might have been a bit too much, but when he had gone shopping for one, it had caught his eye like nothing else, that deep, green emerald so very like Dean’s eyes, with such sparkle and purity. He’d known the instant he’d seen it that the necklace should belong to Dean.
The water crashed on the sandy yellow white beach. Dean couldn’t decide whether the blue of the sky or of the water was more like Castiel’s eyes. The ocean was darker and solid, the sky lighter, with heaps of puffy white clouds so maybe the ocean?
It wasn’t that Dean followed orders just because an Alpha gave them, but the cards were littering the ground all around the camp and needed to be picked up. He gathered them one by one, stacking them back into their deck. He was almost done when he found the Ace of Hearts. Right in the center of of the single heart shaped pip was a hole, just exactly the same size as the hole through the ace of spades. Dean had thought Castiel had shot twice to hit a single target and missed once. No. He had shot twice and hit two cards, both right in the middle of the pip. That was impressive trick shooting. But the Ace of Hearts. Of course. The man was sweet on Meg. That much was obvious, but he didn’t understand why he hated the both of them for it. It wasn’t like Dean wanted Castiel, not really.
But a short while later, Bobby came in, small stack of dusty books in hand. He looked grumpy. He looked like he always looked grumpy, but he smelled anything but. He just smelled safe. Like Old Spice, but also like home. Dean didn’t have any uncles, but he imagined if he did, they would smell like that to him. Bobby pulled the desk chair over to the bed and sat down. He read out loud, some folk story about an Omega and an Angel. Dean couldn’t follow it, but hearing the low, grumbly sounds of the Alpha made Dean feel maybe a little better.
No, he would accept this gift of a home at the bend in the river and in turn, do his best to give his own home in return. They would stand together as equals and Castiel would never, ever fence Dean in. Castiel would only offer his hand and hope that Dean was ready and willing to take it.
He’s in a bed.  It’s got black, silk sheets.  It’s fucking comfortable.  He’d ask what the hell an angel needs a bed for, but he can guess.  His limbs are heavier than before.  He’s got new cuffs.  These ones are carved with the angel language, Enochian—Dean doesn’t understand a lick of it but Sam’s always nerding out on it—and they glow at intervals as if magma is bubbling through them.  He can’t see the collar but three guesses says it’s the same as the cuffs now.
The Heaven’s Bane gets harder to choke down as Gadreel said it would.  It’s acrid and burning.  The wretched flavor remains behind longer.  He actually fucking cries and he almost begged Gadreel not to feed it to him.  He’s only on day three.  It’s coming.  He might have to get Gadreel to hold him down if he’s allowed that privilege. Cas might want him to subject himself to it as a show of contrition.
"It's a curse," he says.  "There are few angel curses, and fewer who know how to cast them.  I have many enemies." Why does that not surprise me?  "As I said, I still produce my own wing oil, but not fast enough.  It takes a long time after use for them to recover, which yes, is why I don't fly often – wing oil isn't easy to come by.  Flying is hard on wings, which is normally not a problem.  I had hoped our mating would do something about the curse, but it didn't.  Over time, my affliction has become worse."
Daddy gives him a serious frown.  “I don’t think so.  You’re adorable, it’s true, but you’ve been nothing but mischief today.  Daddy can’t trust you won’t get hurt somehow.  Now c’mon little man.
He's got something else planned, to keep me in my place, and I'm not liking where this is going.  When I've done as he's asked, he curls his finger at me, and I sullenly move over to him.  His fingers slip under the elastic, and he pulls the back of my boxers down, exposing my bruised ass, still leaking with his glittery angel spunk.  "Cas?"
Huh, and yeah I do smell.  Still, he could have decided to use his grace before I spent all that time cutting way the brush in front of this house by hand.  But I don't say so.  Knowing Cas, I'd just get a lecture on how it's good for me to do those things to keep up my paltry human strength.  "Is that why you felt so conflicted all day?"  I doubt there's any universe where
He takes the long way to Gabriel’s tent, walking through the thick passageway of trees surrounding the parameter.  “May we advise you, sir?” one of the young privates says.  Dean nods.  “There has been activity near and around these woods.  We’ve got eyes on it but be extra vigilant.”
I nuzzle against his leg, fucking glad he’s back.  His jacket helped, but it’s no comparison to the real deal.
blood flying around, that’s got to be something can make even the most controlled, lose control.  Dean doesn’t bother worrying.  What would be the point?  He’s got to do this.  He’s gonna look forward to the him and Cas part.  He assumes there’ll be pain.  Maybe some gore.  Definitely violence.  Fine.  Bring it.  He could use some amplified sex today.
He hesitates, which is good – the kid knows not to trust just anyone.  “Yeah.  Are you his brother, Dean?  The one who taught him about buttons?”
, it knows, and it cries out, calling and calling until the angel finds its mated-human."  He peers down at me probably hoping I've fallen asleep, but I haven't.  I love hearing this shit.
The little boy clambers out of his hiding spot.  Lucifer knew he was there, but was fine with beating me in front of him.  At least he can only hear, and not see from where he hides.  I try to be quiet.
“You should have seen him, Cas.  I don’t know if there’s anything left to save,” I say, tears spring to my eyes.
I can see Sam consider not eating, but we don’t know how long we’re going to be here, especially now that we have the added problem of the chip in my arm.  When we’re done with breakfast – Sam has to clean up – Sam excuses himself to go check on Dad.  I’m left alone with Ceri who so far is fucking weird and yeah he’s doing wrong things (in my opinion) but he’s not done anything super terrible (again in my opinion)
“The General’s not gifting me to anyone—especially not you—and I’m more likely to die first anyway.”  Cas is over two thousand years old.  He has more experience staying alive than Dean does.
“—no buts.  It’s tradition.  I would have gotten you some of your own, but I also would have gifted you some of mine as well.  One of these is from my father, and the other from my grandmother.  I was their fire child and fire grandchild.”  Dreyous brushes out the longer hair on Dean’s crown.
Sam’s journey to the land of spirit demons proved fruitful.  The queen led him to her, and he was accepted as one of hers.  She had been waiting for him to reach out.  He stayed for months displaying his loyalty and had even growing affection for her as a mentor.  Time moves differently for demons.  In what was a short time to Sam, Queen Asiva adopted him as a son.  She supports his mission to overthrow Emperor Zarrack.
Dean can’t speak.  He nods into Cas’s neck unsure if he would have rather been punished or grateful, he’s gotten away with it.  Either way, it’s still not welcome …
Come to think of it, this probably is a palace.  Angels.  They are so extra. Cas wasn't kidding when he said Balthazar had particular tastes. Everything is carved from white and cream stone, with black accents.  It's like a fancy vampire lives here.
Sam runs his Sasquatch-sized hand through Dean’s hair.  “I was thinking, sex is hard for me with new people, but I could with you at some point.  Could we just, maybe have a sleepover some night to start? One where we just lie in each other’s arms, no
“Don’t care what you thought they were douchebag.”  God it feels good to be able to talk to an angel like that.
“No, you don’t have even an eighth of what he had in terms of magical gifts, but I wouldn’t say nothing.  You can read Enochian, that takes some understanding of magic.”
“Been meaning to ask you what’s with the attire, Sammy?  You become a monk?”  I even force myself to reach out like I would have, gripping the fabric and rubbing with my thumb.
I close my eyes, so I don't have to watch him walk away, and I wait to hear the door shut, signalling he's gone, before I open them again.  I kick off my boots to make myself more comfortable, and slip out of my jeans, which I think I'm going to trade in for some kind of travel pants if we're going to be doing this much bushwhacking.
had taken Dean and he was slowly losing his mind.  Sam and Dean stayed out of angel affairs.  They knew of them.  They knew a little about what they got up to, but they had their niche which was monsters and they stuck to it.  They dealt more with demons because demons were always causing shit in people’s homes.  Even then, it was just to off a demon here or a demon there.  Solve a case of possession or soul reaping.  They left other, larger demon issues to the bigger players.
Slick’s already running down his right leg.  His balls are too light.  Yeah.  That’s become a thing.  Dean better understands the relationship between his powers and his arousal.  Heavy balls don’t drive him any less crazy—that would be way too easy—but light nuts worry him.  In their own way they feel good all thick and weighty.
I foolishly think he's done when he tells me to stand up.  I do my best at 'standing', but I can't contract any of my erector muscles enough to stand up fully.  He appraises me as I stand there shivering, tears streaming down my face, sniffling the snot back up my nose.  "I'm going to put some nice lines all over your torso, and you're going to focus on being a good boy, aren't you?"
Dean is so overwhelmed by Cas, he can barely look at him sometimes.  “Uh, um.”  He bites his lip.  “It took longer than expected, but Alpha Levi assured me it was because it was my first time.  He said I did well, but I have notes for you and a prescription that may help for future visits.”
I try quiet next, but I’m trembling too much for him not to notice how much this is ruining me and he likes that too.
“I know you will.”  Cas climbs up and back onto the bed, gesturing for Dean to follow him and settles Dean in his arms.  “Perhaps now that we know we’re in love,” Cas says squeezing Dean to him.  “It will work in the way of my ancestors, simply because of that.”
Gabriel laughs.  He’s a little less severe.  “Believe me when I say that’s all technicalities.  No one’s the boss of Cas, except Cas.”  He sighs.  “Okay.  Even I’m not impartial to that face.  You’re killing me with that pout, kid.  No wonder Cas … Ugh.  Look, arrangements will be made for you to be moved down, but you’ve got to get through this next part of training and you’re not gonna like it.”
Dean laughs.  “Take your best shot, big guy.  You think you’re tough until angels torture the fuck out of you.”
The other thing about his angel general that makes Dean bite his damn lip without wanting to, is the razor sharp, danger that fills the air.  It wraps around Dean, seeping into him; every inch of him swells with it and his cock leaks.  It’s even stronger when the General unfurls his giant, black wings.  Angels fly in different ways.  Only some can spread their wings to fly by catching currents in the air and taking flight.  Others blink out of existence and then appear somewhere else.
“I am quite pleasing,” he agrees.  That makes me smile and I realize that I do smile in a real way again.  That’s come back and it’s promising.  There has been plenty to smile about overall.  “I like when you smile Samuel.”
But life isn’t that easy or straightforward.  Orgasms from Cas mean more because they’re harder to acquire.  He can accept one from Gabriel and he can refuse it but if he accepts it, there’s no chance Cas will even acknowledge the existence of his dick anytime soon.  When he abstains Cas rewards him in spades.
His bare feet spring him off walls.  The blade tears through angels.  He leaves bodies on the floor behind him.  He has no idea how he’ll get out of Heaven but one problem at a time.  With the rate he’s killing angels maybe he’ll take over Heaven.  God Dean has a nice fucking ring to it and when he’s God it’s dick beatings for everyone—and not the fun kind either.
I reach for the necklace at my throat and start fiddling as I keep watching.  All of this is fucking disturbing.
“Undress and kneel there with your cock on display.  I’ll be taking appointments and you’ll be office decoration.”
I have to control my breathing as I reach my right hand across to him.  It's still so swollen it looks like a fucking club,
It's dark, and it's late when suddenly the prince is there in a dark cloak.  He opens the cell, not seeming to care about too much noise.  "What the…?  What about the guards?"
One benefit of the bond, Lucifer feels when I suffer, and there are some kinds of my suffering that he can't bear.  He is very careful when he chooses to restrain me.  Of course beating me almost to death excites him.  No problems for him there.  But it is nice to have some modicum of control, tiny as it may be.
Uncle Gabe gives Sammy his blanket, which he hugs close, squeezing the life out of it.  “You gonna say hi to Uncle Gabe yet, Dean-o?” Uncle Gabe asks.
Fuck.  What’s happened to him?  A year ago, he would have spit in Gabriel’s face.  Now he craves his praise.  But they’re kin, even if Gabriel won’t recognize him as such.  Dean’s half-angel now.  No matter what you are—or how it came about—you can’t help the longing to be accepted by your people.  At least, that’s how it is for Dean.
“Sooooo, I just sit here, sir?” Dean says, twiddling his thumbs, looking around Gabriel’s office.  It’s weird because it’s so normal looking.  Just bookshelves lining the walls and a desk.  He didn’t expect something so simplistic.  Dean thought he’d get some kind of angel rendition of Vegas.  This version of Gabriel is so serious and militant with an odd cushion of softness.
He may have bitten Cas, but he would have rather taken his chances doing that over getting on the bed with Cas.  He can always refuse sex with Cas, but he’s not going to.  Dean likes sex with Cas too much even when he’s left aching with need or tossed around like a rag doll—maybe especially when he’s tossed around like a rag doll.  To Dean’s surprise, Cas doesn’t move in the direction of sex.  He wraps around Dean, melting his defenses.  “Why don’t you want to follow me to the grave, Winchester?  I don’t have to point out, by now, that ‘grave’ is a human thing and that I’m using it as a metaphor, do I?  Angels don’t go to ‘the grave’.”
Cas nods his permission.  Dean licks up Cas’s cock and pokes around at the slit with his tongue.  Cas’s response is immediate.  Dean’s flipped and Cas is kissing him.  It’s savage and painful and Dean’s fucking horny.  He moans into Cas’s touches, pressing his hips into Cas’s.  “Please.  Please, Cas.”
” Dean sings. “Metallica, Master?” There might be nothing cooler than the fact that Cas knows Metallica.
That only opens up several hundred more questions.  But he’s got more pressing ones than how it rains in the Garrison.  “What about, Sam, Master?  Do you have him or not?”
The only trouble with that is Dean’s size.  His baby is near ten pounds as he approaches his due date.  That’s a lot of baby to fit into a human, he’ll block Cas from view.  Alpha wants it though and Alpha gets what he wants, so Dean stands using one of the chair arms, and one of Cas’s arms to help him stand.
"Thank you, Dean.  He was taken by a creature while I was away.  One sort of like a shapeshifter, but of the magical variety.  He came in, killed my husband, and took over."
On the morning of the eighth day after the shit-ass battle, he wakes up in a mass of black, silk sheets. They smell like Cas’s sweat and cum.  Not his fault his senses can smell everything.  The gag-mask thing is gone.  His mouth doesn’t taste like ass and when he checks under the sheets, yep, one of his favorite kilts.  That last dose of Heaven’s Bane had been the worst.  He couldn’t even choke it down.  Gadreel had to tie him up and hold his mouth closed.  Dean still doesn’t know how he kept from puking it up—it was touch and go there for a bit.  It was like drinking garbage juice.
That does sound nice, and Dean wants that too.  He just… yeah, he doesn’t want to go home, he wants to stay with Daddy even if Daddy’s going to spank him.  He nods to Daddy.  Dean lets go and pees.  “Thank you, my boy.  I wish you’d done that without the tantrum, but perhaps another time.  C’mon out now,” Daddy says, sliding the crib side open.
You’re not, Cas.  “Nothing, sir.  I might take you up on it.”  Dean might have to.  Not only has Cas seemed to have forgotten his cock is still part of his anatomy, Dean’s too pent up.  He needs something.  Even Fire Dad’s urging him to let go.
When Cas is gone everything about him lingers; his kiss, his opulence, his power, his scent.  Dean cries in a ball in his stupid prison bed.
Azazel, old yellow eyes, wasn’t who Sam and Dean’d originally thought.  He was a spirit demon.  The part of Sam that is a spirit demon still lives dormant in Sam but Sam knows how to ignite it.  “Before you find me a castle, bring me seven demons.  Three of Crowley’s, and four of Zarrak’s.  They don’t have to be all at once.  Then we’ll approach Queen Asiva.”
He pauses and that’s when I feel the shadow within him.  It’s only an underlining, but it’s there.  “It took a while, it wasn’t easy, but even Michael agrees I’m well now,
Dean doesn’t.  He doesn’t hold back.   He gives himself to the kiss.  Lets Cas maul him.  He presses his lips hard to Cas’s smooth ones.  There’s a roughness Dean doesn’t expect.   Cas is sharp, exacting. He’s too precise to be as rough as he is.  Cas presses smaller kisses and longer ones like he’s trying to leave but has to come back for just one more.  An energy lives between them.  Something powerful.  Magnetic.
.  For the record, I’m gonna repress the hell outta that shit; throw it in a deep, dark hole.  I need to get Sammy the fuck out of here.
It was in the baths Dean saw so many kinds of cocks.  He didn’t mean to, but they were just there, flailing about.  He couldn’t help comparing his to other omegas cocks and notice that he was above average in size.
I can keep up with him perfectly, tethered to him as I am, now that he's not walking at his breakneck pace, but I can't help the nerves building in my stomach; like I'm the boyfriend come home to meet the family.  It doesn't make sense, I've met plenty of Cas's family already,
Dean doesn’t wait for them to form a plan.  He attacks.  Michael’s not as easy as the others, but it doesn’t feel impossible like it did when he was … well when he wasn’t supercharged.  Their blades clash and Dean gets a sense of Michael’s strength.  He’s a match though.  At least as good as.  He spins and tears away from him, Michael’s blade catches his arm tearing a long line.  Dean’s blood joins with what’s splattered on him from the others.  Dean shrugs it off, whips his longish hair out of his face and readies himself to attack again.
Humph.  I happen to think I do what I'm told a lot.  It's not my fault he's a fucking perfectionist.  But I feel for my violent maniac.  He's obviously got big feelings about this whole wing thing, which likely has him feeling vulnerable, even if he doesn't know it.  He's also shared a whole bunch with me, which he also doesn't prefer to do.  That I'm not bleeding in several places is a miracle in and of itself, and speaks to his current restraint, but the day is young.
“We—Michael, Balthazar and myself—we’ve decided to pull you off the field, just until Cas returns,” he adds when Dean freaks out.
And that makes me think.  Maybe the kid just needs some confidence.  Like Sammy, he’s probably had it beaten away, not to mention all the gaslighting from angels, making it so he’s not even sure he has powers.  I get an idea.  A completely ridiculous idea, but there’s no one around to come up with anything better, so fuck it.  I reach into my bag and pull out the feather Cas gave me.  “Hey kid, I got something that might help.”
White hot embarrassment shoots through Dean.  Daddy kink, Cas?  Really?  He wasn’t expecting that.  But holy shit it turns him on for the humiliation factor alone.  Dean meant what he said.  He would have been Cas’s fuck toy and gone without but if he’s getting the chance to come, he’ll take it any which way.  Plus, he knows it’ll please the fuck outta Cas.  With Dean’s tender face and youthful freckles Cas will lose it again and Dean wants that.
When Gabriel finally shows, he’s in the center of a fire that’s slowly coming toward him.  “Go wait in the shower with the water turned on,” Gabriel roars over the blue flames.
I have been on my best behaviour.  No I haven't turned over a new leaf.  I just want Cas to take me with him, and I'm trying to convince him I can fucking behave myself enough for him to do so.  Unfortunately for my little plan, he's neither stupid, nor falling for the false feelings I'm trying to push at him.  I go without complaint anyway, in case it counts for something.  It does not.
“One of the reasons.  It would have been better for you to go in ignorant.  I have been keeping the knowledge from you to preserve our chance at success.  I don’t even know how that thing works, just that you’re supposed to use it, or that you’re at least involved of the using of it.  It’s said that only the Architect can figure it out.”
“Whether it’s a lot to swallow or not, you’re going to see it.  Maybe then you’ll stop asking so many questions.”
This is something like what Cas was talking about, isn’t it, with all his talk about needs?  “I thought I got you into trouble?”
He nods, and for a couple heartbeats everything’s calm, but then he’s got the angel blade in his hand.  He yanks my hand forward, slicing into the palm, and before I can react to that, he’s slicing across his chest where his heart would be.  He joins my bleeding hand and his bleeding chest.
Dean smirks.  At least Cas knows him.  “That mean we get to do it, finally?”  Dean nuzzles into Cas like a rabbit into another rabbit.
Cas’s confusion morphs.  The tension between them thickens.  Dean worries he’s lost Cas’s sympathy with a comment like that.  Dean will remain collared—like Paris and the other angel slaves—for the rest of his existence.  “Come here.”
"Fuck you," I say still on the ground, not bothering to move.  There are too many.  I'll get injured, and then I won't be able to make my escape when I need to.   "Where's Castiel?" I try again.
Cas smirks.  “Good idea.  I can arrange it so you can have my babies.  You’d look gorgeous barefoot and pregnant.”
Levi wets his fingers with Dean’s slick by running them along his crack several times and then slipping two in.  As he pumps them into Dean, Dean’s arousal heightens another notch.  Cas has done this for him, and it’s the same, but at least he’s had the benefit of his cock cage.  Now, the worry he’ll come is combined with the delicious arousal, which unfortunately only drives the arousal.
He shakes his head.  “I don’t think that’s how it works.  We don’t have magic.  They knew we wouldn’t.”
No but he hadn’t demanded it earlier.  Dean pulls a breath and stands with is legs wide apart, hands linked behind his back.  His heavy balls hang low and unfortunately the humiliation of this is hardening his cock in a big way.  Right.  It’s going on his thirty-sixth day with no orgasm.  Is there any point waiting for Cas anymore?
Lucifer is still occupied with business, otherwise he would have sent for me through the bond.  I’m free to explore, so I take the opportunity to check out the library.  I get different looks than I got yesterday, and I know why.  I don’t look like a broken doll drowning in a pile of blue robes.  I look like Sam Winchester.  He’s fresh, he’s strong; I feel my chest lifting at the thought of it and I do something he’d do, I wave at a passer-by with a Sasquatch smile.
I toss my bag to the floor and lay the blankets on one of the unmade cots, moving to undress, as quickly as possible.  Even through my fear, I'm hard as stone, my cock ready for him.  He approaches me, and I make sure to even out my breathing, showing exactly the right amount of fear.  I hold still, knowing any sudden move could set him off—it's not unlike dealing with the instincts of a lion, any small movement triggering an attack response.  I've learned this the hard way with Cas.  In past, I've attempted running, or backing away slowly, or making myself small.  All bad ideas.  Even though my heart is racing, I force myself against my instincts, and hold still as I can, making myself big, presenting myself in a way that tells him I'm going to do whatever he desires.
Dean’s disobeying after that spanking.  No way, no siree!  Daddy’s back with the plug, which Dean can see is short, narrow at the top, getting wider and then widest at the base.
When Lucifer hears what happened, he’s concerned and overprotective.  I’m not allowed down to the marketplace without him anymore, which means my role is cancelled.  It’s not above Lucifer to give me something awesome, only to rip it away because he wants to, but this time, it’s done out of genuine concern something could happen to me.  I am his property, I’m only hurt or damaged on his say so.
Dean stands, his kilt falling around him.  He wore a long one today for the impromptu ceremony that wasn’t really a ceremony.  “How do you know I want something?”
Dean can barely sit on his ass at breakfast the next morning, the wooden bench seat as hard as it was last night but at least his brothers are having the same problem.  Dreyous cured them of thinking a spanking couldn’t keep someone from setting the world on fire.  Vesati leans over when Fire Dad isn’t looking.  “Better you than me, little brother.  Does he really spank you like that often?”
That makes her laugh, and now I feel like I can enjoy her beautiful laugh.  "Well you are, and he wanted you.  A marriage to his fake son, as you say, would have kept you there."
move away from Cas, more so than when Cas moves away from me and yeah, it seems to fucking know.” The bond is super unfair to humans.
Cas leads me to a place that's way the hell on the other side of the palace.  "What the fuck, Cas?  This a kinky sex dungeon?"
Michael presses Dean against him.  “That’s all you can ever be, unfortunately.  Could I, I’d make you my consort—when I become a Virtue that is.”
“That’s your slick.  You make it now.”  Dean can hear the smile in his voice.  “I won’t have to lube you.  You won’t need to be prepared either.  Of course, us angels can do that for fun to tease a mate but it’s also nice to be able to slam into—”
He does show us all though, and he does make it up the stairs.  Waiting for us there is, oh god, it's basically a fairy version of a wheelbarrow.  "This is the best you could do?" Cas hisses.  He's suddenly sounding a lot stronger than he had been, his anger fuelling him.
Castiel is still beside my window, and some of the fear that should have gripped me moments ago appears.  He leans against the window, his stare pierces me.  "I want my stuff, Cas," I say with as much bravado as I can muster, and try not to let him see me shaking.
Dean does that while Dreyous shows him around Ohên.  He talks at a hundred miles a minute trying to get it all out.  He wants to tell Fire Dad the best parts and hopes his eyes will shine with pride.  They do.  “You did everything and more.  I wouldn’t be surprised if you got another promotion soon.”
The water numbs both his cock and balls, but oddly, it hurts at the same time.  The cold shoots through him and he chatters his teeth, while he makes miserable, whimpering noises.  “I know it’s cold,” Levi coos.  “Only two and a half minutes to go.”
I hate the tremble in my brother’s voice.  I don’t remember hearing Sammy that scared of anything, except clowns.  We never got to go to things like birthday parties, but the one-time, Sammy got to go, there was a clown.  He soldiered it bravely while he was at the party, but when I went to pick him up, the Mom commented on how quiet he was.
Sir Wiggles hangs out with Lucifer as he preps to make Paleo muffins for Sam’s breakfast and Sam works to remember that Lucifer’s a devious archangel who hates humanity.  But he can’t do it.  He’s too adorable with the snake and the pink polka dot apron tied around him. “Okay fine, the snake is kinda cute.  Take care of him properly—that means finding him a home he can’t escape from—and we can keep him.”
Dean appraises Cas who’s currently unappraisable.  Dean’s not sure what he’s thinking.  Everyone knows this is the reason he was taken in the first place, but things have changed.  As much as Cas throws fits, he does care about Dean.  Dean’s his.  They’re mates.
Dean’s been given the worst case of “ED” imaginable.  He can’t get his dick up to save his life.  That doesn’t mean there’s no attraction to Cas.  Arousal and attraction are two different things, Dean’s learning.  Flirting with Cas gives a different kind of thrill when it’s not sexual.  It’s an odd thing.  The line between Master and slave is never blurred, yet there’s a banter between them that comes with its own kind of non-sexual arousal.
Dean gets into position, his ass in the air, his dressing-cloak pulled to the side, ready for Cas to enter him.  He’s mentally preparing himself not to come.  Cas’s fingers slides into his hole, pumping a few times, sliding around in the slick there; Dean avoids keening back like he wants to.  Cas begins massaging his ass, which his new—why bother with extra feel-good sensations when their copulation is a business transaction and not for pleasure?
It always felt like a race to get to Sammy, gnawing anxiety, that drove me forward even when I wanted to give up.  Sure, sometimes the urgency waned, but it never left.  Now, it’s like the clock is ticking down to the last seconds it will ever have, because Sammy
She squints at him.  “I only mean to say that he is not a God, he is a man.  He was a good man, but he wasn’t right about everything.  Dean is a Winchester, Winchesters come from too long a line of heart-filled men and women to conceive like horses.  Good Gods, Castiel.”
Cas makes good work of my body, leaving nasty bites everywhere, and in son of a bitch fucking places like on the side, where belly meets ribcage, a spot you wouldn't imagine to be so sensitive, while sucking on my cock intermingling pleasure with pain, until my brain can't tell the difference.  My pleas could be to stop, or to keep going.  Who's to know at this point?
You must have gratitude, but that gratitude is to rescue your worthiness, it’s to yourself for continuing to honour and uphold your own values, best you can.  The forgiveness is also for yourself.  You don’t have to forgive the person who harmed you,
I lay back for a few moments, catching my breath, calming down.  Sammy was real good at that.  He had this breathing technique he used for everything.  I employ it now, so I can fucking think.  After exactly eight slow breaths, I open my eyes.  I can feel Sammy in this place with me again, but it’s coupled with the eerie tinge of I-need-to-get-the-fuck-out-of-here.
“Come for me, Beloved,” Cas says. “Beloved” has become more like an inside joke between them but right now it feels different. Maybe Dean’s still tipsy after all.
Okay.  I put my pack down and head over.  We're standing in the middle of the warehouse.  It's a large, clear space.  He reaches into his pocket, the special one where he's still got my cheeseburgers hostage, and pulls out a bottle that is shining and shimmering in a way that is way too much like angel jizz for my liking.  "Cas, is that a bottle of your spunk?"
“What are the … what are the chances you can touch my dick?”  His voice strains.  Just being in this position makes his arousal unbearable.  He’ll now give anything for Gadreel to touch his dick.  Even just a graze.  Fuck, blow on it for Christ’s sake.
He opens his eyes.  No one’s there.  He searches the room.  The General’s at his desk.  All appearances say he’s been working the whole time.  Dean’s not crazy though.  He knows what he felt.  The scent.  The power.  It was all there.  It lingers.
In a quick motion, Cas lifts me to him, my legs grip his waist as we continue to kiss, our tongues colliding, lips pressing, sucking, and biting.  I feel Cas reach down to undo his pants, and pull out his cock.  Cas presses to fingers inside me, and with only a few pumps, I'm slick with the lubricant my body makes there now.  It's a handy side effect of mating with an angel.  There are a few.  Cas still considers me human, and by angel standards I am, but once you've mated with an angel, you change inside, enough that humans don't really consider you one of them anymore.  I don't know what I consider myself anymore and waver between human and whatever funky race I've become now.  All I know is that neither race, human, nor angel, gives you status with them beyond the careful respect required for the mates of angels.
It’s long.  Goes to his mid-calve.  Lots of pleats.  Red and black plaid—red and black like Cas’s coat.  It billows and it’s fucking airy.  At least there are manly buckles at the top.  Jack has to help him put it on.  Apparently he knows about kilts.  “I was with a Scottish man for about a hundred years,” Jack says to Dean’s unasked question.  Which only leads to several more questions that aren’t important right now.
He's got Gabriel's neck in a vice grip.  The archangel must be surprised at his strength.  Cas has mated with several humans over his millennia, each making him stronger, but according to Cas, his powers increased several fold after our mating.  All the rest of the creatures in the room are dead.  Black streaks are everywhere from things having been burned, smoke, and blood, a whole lot of blood.
Sam reaches out to grab Jack’s hand and then scoops him into his arms.  The kid’s relieved to be there.  “Are we gonna be okay, Sammy?” he says real quiet.  I hear because I’m right next to them, the angels probably hear, but don’t mention it.
angel, Xathanael, which never end well for him.  I laugh through most of the book, entertained by their antics, until the end.  It fills in a lot of the missing pieces Lucifer’s books didn’t.
Dean’s heart skips a beat.  Not because he’s falling in love.  He knows Michael’s an archangel.  Will his new powers stand up against an archangel?
of how scared I am.  Today was too much of a reminder of my greatest fear.  With Cas out of the room today, it was easy not to follow Cas's orders, but will I really have so much bravery if he's standing there?
it brings.  The closer to orgasm I get, the more I need the orgasm, my whole body builds with delicious passion.  When I come it feels worth it until I return to Earth and remember where I am and who I asked to jerk me off.
Cas gives himself away.  “Humans cannot time travel and you can therefore not warn your past self.  You’re mine, Dean.”  He’s pissed again at the very idea.
“First, I’m going to fuck you so that we take care of these,” Cas says grabbing Dean’s heavy balls.  Dean brightens.  He’s used to going to the Omega Center by this point, but he’d much rather Cas do it.  “Then, we’ll walk along the perimeter, which I know isn’t very romantic, but it’s the only place we can walk without a full guard.”
Said naughty penis was leaking from all of Daddy’s talk, and being in the corner like this, and, is it hot in here?  Because Dean’s fucking hot.  This doesn’t mean he
Gadreel’s irritated.  Dean’s learned that his brows and lips press together at the same time when he is.
Oh God, I can hear Dean now.  I always did find a way to explain someone through psychology, and I'm
Cas is never going to talk to him again.  The wound has closed over but Dean can taste grace.  He didn’t pull from him but it tends to flow outward.  You can be executed for a crime like that.
I look out over the stones and try to think what the fuck you’d use such a thing for.  Nothing comes.  Instead, another instinct takes over, instinct I learned in this lifetime, from Dad.  It only takes a second for the out of place movement to catch my eye.   There’s a dais off to my right and something’s whipping in the darkness with the wind. I head over to inspect it and I know right away what it is.  My heart sinks into my stomach; I make myself reach to tug them out from where they’ve been trapped for awhile, I’m guessing.
Of course, tonight there’s a dungeon whore.  Dean can hear every pound on flesh.  Every moan.  Every delighted scream.  Some of the directions from the handlers are downright filthy and have Dean’s cock leaking.  It’s never been said, but Dean’s almost certain he’s not allowed to cum without ‘Master’s permission.’  He can’t touch his own cock for Christ’s sake, that one seems a given.  He’s never cum untouched before but there’s a first time for everything.  “Gadreel, you need to get your ass back here.”
When I'm good and fresh, I dress in the robe left for me (Balthazar's palace is as fancy as he is) and head back to Cas.  "You know Cas, I find it real interesting you've got a bed in your room, since you don't sleep," I say as I wander in, and watch him fiddle with his things.
Oh God, but maybe Dean should be capitalizing on that more?  “I might be interested if you ever tell me what to call you.”
Cas winds up to wallop Dean’s thinly clad ass.  It reminds him that he’s wearing nothing but a kilt on the wrong way.  He’s still holding the bottle of mead.  He studies it sheepishly.  “Do I get some new clothes, Master?”
Cas sits back and folds his hands.  “I meant what I said when you asked me the other day—you have too many duties here to leave and it isn’t a good time for your brother to come—but when the youngling is safely here, he may come.  Invite your whole family if you like.”
and Cas doesn't care about the why.  He might understand, but that doesn't mean he's going to be okay with it.  That's a big thing with him.
”  I’m not sure what I’m begging for.  A fraction of mercy?  A moment of clarity?  It all seems impossible.  I collapse on him, settling my head in his neck.  He’s not safe, yet relying on him is the only safe action I can take.  All others are forbidden and will upset him.
Balthazar laughs.  "Like you could.  That's not where I'm going with this, Dean.  What I'm enjoying is, Castiel did this for himself.  You're something he wanted."
As time passes, distancing me from the time Lucifer had me toss myself in the ocean, I grow more confident that he won't throw me in there for just anything.  I become less submissive.  I let my anger at not getting what I want show, by storming off, or at least, I try to.  Lucifer uses his grace to slam the door shut before I make it a step out.  Even that doesn't calm me.  I turn on him.  "Let me out of here, Lucifer."
Dirt kicks under his feet, hitting him in the face.  He wipes at his eyes smearing dirt with tears.  When he reaches Dreyous’s house he’s annihilated.  He barges in the door—he doesn’t knock anymore—forgetting to remove his boots, mucking up the kitchen floor.  Dreyous rounds from his place at the stove, ready to lambaste him for storming in with his boots on (they’re loud against the wood floor) but halts when he lays eyes on Dean.  “Fire Child, what happened?”
Dean chooses The Black album and soon he’s “studying” to Metallica while laying amidst Cas’s cool, silk sheets. “I want to see my brother,” he says.
“But you angels also don’t care who you use to get what you think you need.  Master,” he tacks on at the end.
Dean’s speechless until he isn’t.  “Wow.  I thought you’d try to talk me out of being in love with my literal captor.  Give a speech on Stockholm syndrome or whatever.”
Another several minutes down a new hallway, is where the low hum starts.  The walls are still lined with row upon row of words in Enochian, the spell is a massive one and I can feel its power grow the further I walk into it.  Down the next hall is where the blue light begins and it’s beautiful.  “Angel Grace.” Again, I just know it’s true.  No proof, or reason, just
Dean looks for something to grip, but Cas’s jagged, desperate movements don’t give him time enough to gain purchase on anything.
The next months for Sam are busy.  He sends Lucifer away to collect information.  Lucifer wears the pendant so he can slip onto battlefields undetected.  Sam won’t permit him to be away long because the God Power has gotten increasingly unsettled.  This sends Sam into fits of rage.
When it’s time for bed, Daddy tapes him into a diaper – Dean wears a diaper to bed no matter how big or little he is – and dresses him in pajamas that have batman on them.  “You’re too big for mittens,” Daddy says.  “But Daddy can’t have you touching your pee-pee, can he little boy?”
“You make a good argument, my pretty omega.  But I am also responsible to you, I’m not even going to allow you to allow me to neglect that duty.  You’re going to have to accept that I’ll be taking time away to look after you and our youngling.”
Then he pounces me, which I should have expected.  Cas can’t go long without fucking me to death.  His lips are on mine, and my pants are being pulled down; his cock is out and shoved up me with no prep – thank fuck for angel-bond-mate-insta-lube!
The conversation is more of the same after that.  Him trying to convince me to rule the world with him, and me turning up with snippy comments that make him grind his teeth, and ball his fists, holding anger back.
I've held on so long, hoping Dean would come.  Of course I attempted many escapes myself, but Lucifer figured out quickly that when I have to watch innocent people die, I do almost anything he says.  Bonding with him one of the few exceptions.  It isn't just about me if I do.  It's about the what's left of the human race.
Another young boy strolls into the room, he’s a bit older than Heren, maybe five or six.  “This is the Emperor’s consort,” Sven tells him.  “We must greet him as your highness.”
I wrote it for you guys so you wouldn’t have to wonder and could get an idea.  So yeah, keep that in mind when you read it.
“My poor, Sam.  Not to worry, I’ll fuck you with something else, and you’ll get to come, but I want something.”
“Well then you don’t get Jack back.  Return to Sam’s room, come back when you’ve got something to show me.  Take him back down,” he says to the man beside him.
“It’s a good thing you can’t touch, isn’t it?” Daddy says doing his diaper up over his super fucking hard cock and pulling his pants back up.
I want to scream it from the rooftops, so someone will answer back with soothing words that say I’m not crazy and that yes, what I’m saying makes sense.  But the only thing that makes sense right now, is that I imagined the whole thing.
“Hands behind your back. You’re more well-behaved than I thought you would be,” Gabriel compliments, as Dean complies easily.
"I understand that too, Dean.  It means you don't agree with the rule.  You don't see the value in it, but that doesn't mean I'm not punishing you for it.  You want to help your friend break the rules, then you can suffer in his place, and that's three hundred lashes with this."
Plus, Dean suspects the control has gone to Cas’s head a little bit. It turns Cas on to the nth degree. It’s as addictive as a drug to him. In a way it is for Dean too. He liked being able to go fourteen days. When he hit fifteen that was another achievement. Then sixteen. Can he make it to seventeen? He doesn’t think so. The urge is building like it did in the early days.
Dreyous takes a long breath.  Anything angel is something to approach with caution.  He’s never commented as such, it’s just a feeling Dean has.  “What happened?” he repeats.
The only thing about being pregnant so far Dean isn’t the biggest fan of, is the Mythcairn philosophy on what’s right and what’s not for a pregnant omega based on their theology.  But with Cas’s strong beliefs, fighting it’s fruitless.
Her eyes fill with quiet terror.  "He was healthy for a human, but he didn't hold the glow of a mated creature, like you do."
I think Cas might be getting a headache too, which is something for the angel.  “Gabriel will you leave us?  We’ll stay the night here
“I—something happened.  I haven’t told anyone,” Cas says.  Dean sits up.  Panicked.  Cas yanks him back.  “Calm down.  Everything’s fine.  I think.”
“I found a recipe for breadless muffins I’m going to try I think you might like.  Paleo something or others.  Sam?  Why is everything breadless called, “Paleo Somethings?’  Do humans want to relive the caveman days?”
“Not when we don’t have the same needs.  Dean, look, you’ll see,” he says.  “It’s there if you want it, or not, but just know I’m fine with it.”
“Um, what do I call you then?  Everyone else wants something like that around here.”  He looks to Gabriel.
“Other than saving you, it’s the only thing I ever wanted.  Do you want me to be your son?” His brow purses together, thinking about the possibility that I might not want him.
Cas is an enigma.  Dean found Cas on a dating site for ‘this kind of thing.’  He chatted with Cas online for a bit, to see if they had anything else in common other than their kinks, which, by the way, happen to complement each other perfectly.  One thing led to the other, and soon they were chatting about the possibility of a long-term arrangement, and hey, let’s try something out next weekend.  Well ‘next weekend’ is here.
the age he looks no matter what Gabriel says.  His hair’s too long on top to do his hair how he used to, but the mousse gives it a little volume and texture.
He gets nasty.  His hand is in my hair, grabbing it by the roots.  I do all I can to take the pain, not complain and breathe through it.  “Does that ruin your plans for your brother to come rescue you?  I thought we’d at least worked that nuisance idea out of your head?”
I know what he wants me to stop, but it's near impossible.  I look across the tent to Jack who's busy with a picture book I gave him to look through.  The scouts say we are safe to move on today.  Soon all the tents will be dissembled, and tucked away.  It's nice when we can use grace to do such things, but sometimes, we have to do it manually.  At least there are enough bodies it doesn't take too long.
When I finally get to the bathing area, there's another girl to help me, which seems unnecessary.  "Hey, the name's Jo.  I'll take those."  She divests me of the towel and blankets before I can stop her, hanging the towel on a hook, and setting my blankets down on a bench, she aggressively helps me remove my pack.  I'm not used to others touching me anymore, even unintentionally in passing.  Cas has a firm no touching Dean rule that's become legendary enough I get a wide berth most places.  Her forwardness surprises me—she must know by now who I am, and who I came with, news spreads like wildfire in these communities—but she doesn't appear to give a fuck.
“We should probably get downstairs,” Castiel said as he shut down his own shower head. “I’m sure dinner must be nearly ready. But we’ll scent tonight again. You’ll come to my bed to sleep from now on? I can understand if you don’t want to get up so early, but I was happy to wake up next to you.”
He wasn’t sure whether he should dread that or not. Meg sometimes saved her worst verbal blisterings for private like that, but she also saved those moments she built you back up for these walks, but you could never tell until you were out of earshot of everyone else and there was no escape.
“The Warsaw Manifestation?” Amelia grinned. “I’d always heard the pineapple was supposed to interpreted more metaphorically than literally. Something about avoiding things not meant to be found together. Claire, did you have something you wanted to say to Dean?”
“Done and dusted,” Bobby said, taking off his cap for the first time. “We’ll deal with his car in the morning. I figure, easiest thing is leave it at long term parking near one of the airports. I can’t part it out here. You understand. Sheriff’s half convinced I run a chop shop as is. Don’t want anything that has his car’s VIN to be found on my lot.”
“No, no one. I’m not the marrying kind, as they say,” Castiel said. “There was a woman. Daphne was her name. We were betrothed to be wed. But she had ideas about the sort of person I was to be. Strong ideas. I was to become a preacher and a revivalist, saving poor lost souls and bringing them back to God. Or at least her idea of God. That was not the man I was. I figure, a man is lucky enough if he can look out for his own soul. Once I realized her intentions for me were such a poor fit, I lit out as far west as I could go.”
