He tried to concentrate on his book, but his thoughts kept drifting back to Dean and whether he had already found an omega to ‘blow off some steam’ with.
When he felt it harden, his alpha took that as a sign of a job well done and Dean growled in triumph, thrusting into Cas harder. Damn, but their mating bond was making him horny for Cas all the time. And still, it felt like something was missing. Something Dean couldn’t put into words.
“I never mind getting my hands slick,” Dean said and his tone of voice changed yet again, only this time, Castiel couldn’t figure out the meaning. It almost sounded teasing, but the reason behind it eluded him.
Come to think of it, Dean hadn’t killed him yet, even though Castiel had been in vulnerable positions in his presence before, namely on his knees in front of the alpha or with his back turned to him, presenting…
“Well, for now, I think it’d be enough if you just stayed in our nest while I go make us breakfast, and then we can have breakfast in bed together.”
A few more thrusts into the now pliant omega and Dean’s cock started to spasm deep in Jimmy’s hole, unloading a torrent of come into it as wave after wave of pleasure washed over him.
It didn’t help that Gabe was leaning against the doorframe to Castiel’s room, merely watching while Castiel was busy unpacking.
Usually, that sentence should be followed up with something about bringing good news, but he really didn’t have any good news for Dean. He hadn’t found his third perfect mate yet. If anything, he had bad news because Dean was the first alpha who just didn’t get his happily ever after even when Castiel had found the perfect omega for him—twice!
The ‘preferably mated’ part had thrown him off for a second, but he doubted mated alphas were going to respond, so here he was. About to enter the coffee shop his potential new omega ‘employer’ had suggested as a place for the job interview.
smell so delicious or is that your approaching heat?” had been his most obvious one yet, and finally he had gotten a reaction.
“This is helping, right?” Dean asked. “Anna does it all the time, so I figured…” he trailed off, letting Cas figure out what he meant. Even though Anna didn’t do exactly
So the next time he visited ‘Casa Erotica,’ he made sure that he didn’t have anything to steal in his pockets—not even a lousy pack of chewing gum.
But Cas had some money saved and he didn’t have a family to support (yet). Seemed like focusing on his career these last years hadn’t been such a bad thing after all.
This time, there was really nothing that could happen. Cas was fresh out of heat, having slicked like crazy these last few days, so as long as he concentrated on unsexy thoughts, Dean touching him shouldn’t pose any problems.
There was some more kissing and scenting just because, even though Castiel had officially won the bet by a few seconds.
Dean’s hand stilled when it came in contact with his naked belly, but then the alpha started moving it slowly again and this felt even better.
Cas’ stomach muscles tightened and his hole started to contract spasmodically as he came. A second later, Dean shot hot and dirty into him, knotting his ass because of course his own knot had quickly taken an interest in the proceedings.
Cas couldn’t hold back the whimper of anticipation as he pushed back in reply. A ‘deeper massage’ was just what his omega needed.
Jimmy had just excused himself to the bathroom when Benny turned towards Dean and asked, “You gonna tell us who Jimmy is dating?”
it. Apart from the fact that he got to grope the alpha’s strong arms and press against him when he had Castiel cornered, it had been ages since he’d had such a fun workout. If they had activities like these at his gym, he would definitely go more often.
It was an easy enough job, though, taking the calls, asking a few questions and adding the information into a file he then had to send to an available omega who fit the criteria the alpha was asking for.
“I don’t have an alpha,” Castiel said anyway, even though he was confused as to why Impala would mention an alpha when he should already know Castiel didn’t have one.
By the next morning, Castiel was starting to feel cuddle starved. He had gotten used to regular cuddles from Dean. Even on days they hadn’t snuggled in Dean’s nest, the alpha had touched him throughout the day, providing him with a snack here and there.
“Oh. Well, I’m sure my alpha would want that, but I can hold him back. It’s more important to him that I’m there for you, make sure you’re taken care of.”
They stared into each other’s eyes for a moment until Dean accepted that Cas was telling the truth and had not, in fact, tried to set him up with the omega at the bar. Which meant that he could be having sex with her right now instead of being locked into a staring match with an Angel of the Lord. Seemed like he’d cockblocked himself.
With all the sex they’d been having, it was no wonder that Castiel went into heat sooner than expected. They were extremely compatible in every sense of the word. Castiel’s omega just wanted to get them together for real with reassurances of love and every other cliché.
There was really nothing for Dean to do but rest his own head against Jimmy’s and close his eyes for a moment. The caffeine was starting to wear off and he could bask in the knowledge that he had won this round…
Dean shot him a funny look before shaking his head and turning back to Gabe. “Anyway. Scents are bound to mix. Don’t see how that’s any of your business, though.”
Great. That was his last one. Now he wouldn’t even be allowed to leave the house until Monday when he’d get a new one. After all, he couldn’t just buy any alpha scent—it had to be the same brand, which was imported from… India or something. Balthazar always got it for him.
From time to time, an info box informed him of things like, ‘beesareimp is rocking back on your cock’ or ‘beesareimp’s ass is squeezing your cock’ and Dean assumed that Bees had to have given those commands.
So, Cas just shrugged, too, and used his new go-to excuse. “Has to be the pregnancy. Just keep scenting.”
“Your stuff is probably… somewhere around,” Dean said, motioning towards the bedroom because he might have stashed some things in there to make it smell more like Cas.
He had a really hard time looking at Cas’ eyes, since he was busy staring at his glistening, red lips. He certainly wasn’t the only one aroused here. The scent of slick was all-encompassing.
Turned out Dean had been right about the asshole ex-boyfriend. Only it was a bit more than that. Mi-Mick (what kind of a name was that anyway?) had stalked Jimmy and broken into his home a couple times before he had finally moved here.
Castiel now understood why humans liked to engage in intercourse so much. Dean knew just what to do to make that emptiness go away and replace it with a feeling Castiel couldn’t quite put into words.
It had taken him a couple of days to finally be able to say it out loud, but now he was proud that he had managed to get that out without feeling utterly despaired. Just the right amount of alcohol in his blood was definitely helping.
“Yeah?” Dean raised his eyebrows and grinned at the cute omega in his arms. “Your omega is impressed by me, huh?”
“Try to go to sleep now,” Cas said, reminding Dean of the excuse for why they had shared the hug in the first place.
A clear invitation to scent, which Cas gratefully accepted, finding comfort and security on the first inhale.
A few minutes followed in which Jimmy haltingly whispered secrets into his neck, by the end of which Dean’s protective urges were once more stirring within him, ready to riot.
Just the thought of Dean releasing deep inside of him pushed Castiel over the edge for the second time, his asshole contracting uncontrollably and forcing more semen out of Dean.
to me, Dean. From the moment we met. How was I supposed to know that she was a ‘crazy killer ghost’? You hunt people like me for a living!”
The alpha had even helped with all the preparations for his heat. What kind of an alpha was helping an omega build a
Dean’s knot was fucking in and out of Cas’ hole at that point, too, and finally, it locked into place as his cock started filling that omega up with a huge load of his own that didn’t seem to end. Pumping everything he had deep into Cas, he collapsed on top of him, breathless but deeply satisfied.
Reaching around, he grabbed Cas’ cock and began to stroke it. He loved the feeling of the omega’s hard prick, which was getting heavier in his hands with each punishing thrust into his hole.
“I’m gonna take you,” Dean replied, just as casually. “I have a bunch of questions I wanted to ask anyway. I mean, books are great and all, but I figure doctors can probably explain some things better.”
Some of those dreams had the alpha doing very un-alpha like things like the blowjob in the dream that had started it all. Others started out with Cas and Dean lazily making out, but ended with Dean mounting and thus hurting him. Still others focused on some heavy petting.
Since Cas had asked for his so-called mating bite to be ‘kissed and stuff,’ Dean leaned down to do just that while he delivered a few deep thrusts.
After a while of Dean just holding him, Cas finally began feeding, turning into his side and nuzzling against him tentatively. This time, Dean was prepared for the strange tingling that spread throughout his body from wherever Cas was touching him. It was a very welcome feeling, though, warm and thrilling and like getting massaged with feather-light touches all over.
“Dean… stop,” Cas interrupted him, squirming around uncomfortably. If only Dean knew how wrong he was. “Can’t this… just be about us? Not about any secondary gender designations?”
Castiel had not been prepared to perform in front of Sam. Looking at Dean for guidance didn’t help since Dean’s expression was carefully blank, all professional paramedic.
Yeah, there was no way he could keep himself from driving over there and making sure his little family was all right.
The first thing he said when they woke up for good, limbs intertwined, so close together that Dean could feel the omega’s heartbeat, was, “I don’t enjoy being touched.”
“So what, you just suddenly realized you don’t want me around anymore? ’Cause I gotta tell you, you didn’t seem to have a problem yesterday when you were all over me during scenting time.”
With that declaration, he opened the book and ran his finger down the index until he found the pages he was looking for.
“Don’t you need more time in between clients?” After all, he’d have to finish up with the omega he was with, shower, drive to Castiel’s place… And what about a refractory period?
Sure enough, Jimmy crossed his arms over his chest and said, “As you well know, I am attracted to alphas, and you’re a very… you’re…” He blushed again, but this time, Dean couldn’t really enjoy it. “A very attractive alpha,” Jimmy finished. “So, in summation, I don’t think renewing the mark is a good idea because my…” There was a short pause before he continued, “…alpha won’t see it as an alpha buddy thing.”
Carefully and oh so slowly, Dean extracted himself from Jimmy and laid him down on the couch. It was his time to take care of Jimmy for once. Making sure that he was comfortable, Dean tucked him in.
“Uhm…” Dean said, putting some distance between them. “I guess that means separate rooms and separate beds.”
But then Dean mentioned a library full of old witch books, and, well… Who could say no to that? He hadn’t taken time off from his witch duties in years. A few days to recuperate while exploring a witch library was just what he needed.
He searched online for an omega service and for the first time in his life, called for a rut companion.
Dean tuned out the geek babble because he had bigger things to worry about. Cas was waiting for him, and Dean’s mind was flashing back to what they had been doing before Sam had interrupted them. Crossing professional boundaries left and right.
And he proceeded to tell him all about what was going on in his brother’s life, and when he ran out things that were currently going on, they somehow ended up trading childhood memories.
“My rut is coming on,” Dean declared, sure that this would get Cas to let go. He was actually surprised that the omega hadn’t picked up on it yet, but maybe it was still too early for Cas to freak out about the scent.
That was exactly how it worked. But something told Castiel that Dean wouldn’t appreciate him pointing that out, so he decided to keep that universal truth to himself.
Dean never stopped kissing him as his body stiffened and he bucked into Castiel, forcing his cock even deeper into him. With a roar, the alpha filled him with his hot come.
He probably wouldn’t see these people again anyway. Even though Dean had started to let his guard down towards the end, he initially hadn’t wanted Castiel to join them. It stood to reason that he would want the secret mate to stay far away from the rest of his life.
“Don’t do me any favors,” Dean replied, keeping his distance, even though his instincts were yelling at him to scent this omega. He hadn’t scented him in
Castiel’s surprise had to be evident on his face because the next second, Dean was looking over his own shoulder, following his line of sight.
Well, this was awkward because he had supposedly taken the potion, even though in reality he had poured it down the drain. Either way, he didn’t have a potion to give to Dean.
His mind kept coming back to something Dean had said about hunters only killing murderous witches. Maybe he could convince Dean yet that there was no hunt for him here.
close. It’s because they don’t have any wings as a buffer. By the way, you should take notes, I have so much to teach you.”
“That is the stupidest thing you’ve ever said.” Castiel would know. Throughout the years, he’d heard Dean say some stupid things.
Cas was moving his hips in a circular motion, and so Dean pushed him onto his back into a submissive ‘about to be fucked’ position and pulled out some of the slick to lube up his dick. Before he put it in, he leaned down and kissed Cas’ soft lips again.
“They don’t do anything they don’t want to do. And fine, I won’t pay you then. Just think of it as a one-night stand. You have those all the time. Don’t pretend you wouldn’t have left me at the end of the night to have sex with an omega anyway.”
Still, when he thought back to what he had picked up on from Dean’s scent, his stomach did that weird thing again, which was starting to become unnerving.
The only problem: Cas had to be difficult about it—even though Dean had waited for the perfect moment to bring it up.
He’d get to fuck that angel a lot during the next couple of days. And from here on out, he’d have to make sure that his seed stayed inside of Cas’ little hole.
“Uriel—you have to let me go. There is a strong bond I have developed with a human and I think he is the one I need right now.”
Cas blinked at him, then his eyes flitted away and he started rambling, “You probably don’t even think of me like that, but my brother said something, and I just thought maybe you should know in case you thought… Not that I really think you think about that, but you’re an alpha, so, maybe you do. The thing is… I don’t enjoy intercourse. I mean, I’ve heard it can be enjoyable for the omega as well if there’s enough slick, but in my experience taking a knot is
“Uhm… we could—” Dean began, trying to come up with a way to not make this weird, but Cas just grasped the front of his shirt and pulled him down onto the bed next to him.
kind of weird. No one even batted an eye when Cas brought up fun facts about honeycombs during Pictionary. (It had very clearly been a
Leaving it alone for a second to blow across it sounded like a great idea, so he did it, reveling in the fact that he could feel Cas shudder in his arms and press himself closer. Granted, that wasn’t strictly necessary for faking a mating bite, but it was something he knew drove omegas wild, so after another broad lick, he did it again.
After giving the hole one last gentle kiss, he began fingering the rim, sliding a finger around his entrance, spreading the slick around. When he inserted a finger, Cas let out a soft whimper, and Dean decided to take pity. He took the omega’s dick in hand and began stroking it while repeatedly penetrating Cas with his finger.
They had been at it for no longer than a few minutes when Dean pulled back, just slightly, lips already red and puffy, to ask, “You don’t feel that?”
Maybe a little bit too much. Getting to have this and then stopping after Cas’ heat was over would not be easy. Now that he knew what it felt like to be intimate with Cas, he sure wouldn’t mind making the occasional fuck part of their ‘grooming buddy’ arrangement.
Looking back over his shoulder, he contemplated retreating to the bathroom. But the snippet of conversation he had overheard didn’t suggest that was a good idea. Maybe he could slip into Dean’s bedroom instead.
Still, when he told Dean, he made sure to mention, “I hope you know that until my sense of smell is back completely, we will have to do a lot more of this.”
There were a lot of things Castiel wanted to show Dean, and a date would be the perfect opportunity.
And then he used a lot of medical terms to explain why licking the neck could improve the chances of picking up scents.
“Yes, I know how ruts work, thank you.” If Dean wanted to scare him off by being crass, he’d have to come up with a better technique.
“It’s probably better if he has something familiar to scent, huh? I’m free tonight. I could swing by.”
“I’m not pretending,” Dean whispered into his ear before nibbling along his neck some more. “Are you?”
“Stop thinking so much,” the alpha said when he pulled back. “People have been making pups since the dawn of time. I think we’ll be okay.” And he proceeded to kiss him some more.
Dean had just been polite, but you simply did not go around baring your neck around alphas willy-nilly, no matter what Dean said about reflexes. Castiel might as well have rolled over and shown him his belly.
He slowly became aware of the fact that he wasn’t lying in his own bed, but rather on a couch—a couch with
All in all, Cas was still surprised at his own behavior and not just about the impromptu scent-marking. He hadn’t even freaked out when he had realized that Dean was aroused. That was a huge step as he was sure his therapist would agree on. Even a hint of alpha arousal was usually enough to freak him out big time.
Cas talked right over him, “For what it’s worth, without my sense of smell, I didn’t realize my advances were unwelcome.”
Dean made the decision for him by squeezing past Cas into the house, not even waiting for an invitation.
Finally, he bottomed out and the alpha really had the whole length of a cock in his ass. The moment of true submission. He was taking it so well, the occasional grunt the only sound he made, not even trying to wiggle away from Dean. As a reward, Dean stroked along his sides up to his neck.
He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Dean in a suit, and he forgot all about what he had wanted to say. Dean’s lumberjack style of clothing really worked for him, but the last time Castiel had seen him in a suit had been at Michael’s dinner party, and he had to admit that the alpha looked mighty fine in it.
At least, that was what it was like on most days. Today, though, a lot of alphas seemed to require an omega companion for their ruts, which was why things got a bit more complicated…
So. Cas and his pup were safe and sound somewhere and they didn’t need Dean. Didn’t need him at all.
Cas was writhing underneath him, turned on to the point of not only constantly leaking oil from his oil glands, but slick from his asshole too by the scent of it.
Castiel looked back at him, stunned, as the alluring scent he’d picked up on intensified. There was no doubt about it—this alpha was the source of it.
Seriously. Wasn’t this omega supposed to be in heat? Why was he snarky and making fun of Dean’s pick-up lines instead of begging for Dean’s knot?
He wormed a hand underneath himself, slowly, inch by inch so as not to alert Dean to what he was doing, until he could press his palm against his oversensitive knot.
“This better be good,” he grumbled while getting out of bed because talking to his brother was kind of weird while lying on top of Cas. “You know that you’re not supposed to call people up in the middle of the night.”
“Kicking some dick with pink wings. You didn’t tell me that some of your angel buddies look so ridiculous. I mean, pink, really?”
Of course, this also meant that this night might be the last time they got to ‘renew’ the bite. Granted, it already looked like a perfect mating bite from his earlier efforts, but you could never be too well prepared.
When he arrived at the alpha’s house, he just saw alpha red eyes indicative of rut sickness, and he barely had time to introduce himself before Dean had him bent over the couch, pants around his ankles and an impressive dick shoved up his ass.
But the best thing about all of it? Dean wanted him too. They could start their new life free of old ghosts haunting them
“Dean? Alphas have claimed omegas since before civilization started. I think you’re fine if you just… go with your gut.”
He handed the lotion to the alpha and instructed him, “Rub it on your… affected area once a day and try… uhm…” He did his best not to blush as he continued, “…pleasuring yourself. It might not work the first few days, but after a week or so, your…” He motioned towards his crotch so that he didn’t need to find an acceptable term. “…should be as good as new.”
He thought of a bundle of nerve endings that was Cas’ favorite to feed on and pressed a kiss to his scent gland. Then another one. The third time around, he didn’t pull back, but took the sensitive skin of the gland between his lips, nibbling carefully.
Dean opened his eyes again and looked down at the sexy omega, seeing his dick buried deep inside him.
That evening, sitting at his kitchen table, Castiel stared at the vial with the dark liquid for a long time.
As Dean made his way to Charlie’s office, he passed some cubicles with employees who had to work the Friday night shift and who answered phones with the ridiculous company tagline “When in Heat, call MEAT.”
When Dean asked him why he was so quiet, he thought about telling him the truth, but he couldn’t get his mouth to say the words.
He alternated between kissing the omega and scenting him, moving away from the scent gland to scent him all over just because he couldn’t get enough.
“Cas? You in there?” he yelled and was already taking out his phone to try and get a hold of him when the door finally opened.
Cas stared at him all intensely and his nose twitched as he scented the air, undoubtedly picking up on how aroused Dean was. As if to make sure, his eyes flitted down to Dean’s tented pants. Then his mouth formed and ‘oh’ and his eyes widened. “You want to bring yourself to orgasm.”
, so if Dean caught some of Cas’ awesome heat scent that way, he was technically not breaking any rules.
He could kind of see why Cas liked having sex with alphas. It had been hot as hell. Not that Dean would ever have sex with an alpha outside of rut. He was so heterosexual he’d even fucked an alpha just because he’d been prepped with omega slick.
“No, I’m fine. No need to worry. Please don’t get up or anything,” Dean rasped when he finally got his breathing under control.
That sounded like Jimmy didn’t have a lot of faith in his abilities to fight another alpha. “I could take him,” Dean insisted, sounding more petulant than he’d like to admit.
When he had struck up a conversation, he might have hoped to find out if Cas had become a regular at Purgaytory, so that they could run into each other there again. If he hadn’t, Dean might just have invited him back for an encore.
“Do you mind… I mean… Can you stay for a while?” Cas sounded hesitant—as if there was any way Dean would just leave him alone like this. “I’ll put on blockers,” the omega quickly added.
“It’s the perfect crime!” Dean insisted. “It’s not like I can call the cops on him for something that only cost a few bucks.”
someone!” Usually if he clicked on a person, the only options to choose from were which weapon he wanted to attack them with or if he wanted to talk to them instead.
So, there was no way he’d let Bees get killed in the game. Plus, now that he was with pups, Dean’s protective instincts intensified. Yep, that settled it: he would protect the hell out of him, or die trying.
That was why they didn’t stop with that one movie, but had to make time for movie night once a week. Cas wasn’t sure if pop culture really counted as an ‘important thing in life,’ but Dean was very enthusiastic about it, so he could sit through a movie with him every now and again. (Especially if Dean put an arm around his shoulder.)
Was Cas friggen kidding him here?! He just started scenting as if this was no big deal. As if you just randomly scented alphas while in bed with them.
Of course, he knew about the fight or flight instinct—he’d experienced that enough times with alphas, being rooted to the spot by fear even though he just wanted to run for his life. But he had never experienced the omega instinct to playfully try to get an alpha to chase him. Not until Dean.
“I should hope so. This is all your fault anyway. You got me pregnant in the first place and then made my omega feel rejected.” Despite his grumbling, Bees changed position and got on all fours, ass in the air.
Great—when Cas talked, his lips were almost brushing against Dean’s skin. ’Cause that was gonna help matters…
Flipping him over onto his back halfway through was probably another thing Dean had learned at the alpha service. Castiel had never tried that position before. He felt a bit self-conscious because Dean could see his face like this, but that also meant that
“So—your therapist sure was wrong, huh?” Dean said after a while when Cas’ scent had completely returned to normal.
Dean had also managed not to get a boner, even though at the end of the hour, he was pretty sure his scent gland had turned into a huge erogenous zone.
The whole stress of working a 50-hour week meant that Castiel hadn’t been able to sleep through the night in so long, he couldn’t even remember when the last time was he’d gotten a good night’s sleep.
Dean himself didn’t usually have trouble falling asleep, so he started setting an alarm for the middle of the night because their nightly hang-outs were actually kind of fun. Not so much during the day when he’d be more tired than usual, but Dean had yet to win a round of their new game in which they tried to get the other one to fall asleep first.
“Sorry about that,” Sam said to the omega and then, when he had moved on to someone flagging him, turned back to Dean and Benny. “Okay, can we maybe cut back on the alpha talk a bit?” he asked, looking up and down the bar to see if anyone else had been listening to them.
That, of course, led to Castiel dropping his overnight bag and stumbling against the alpha. When he had to reach out to steady himself, he ended up holding on to Dean’s biceps with one hand and his chest with the other.
And so it started. Cuddling with an omega who was close to his heat, Dean’s nurturing instincts were being kicked into overdrive. So, it just made sense that he would want to snuggle and scent the crap out of this omega. Never mind the fact that Cas wasn’t in heat yet. Dean was sure there were some pre-heat hormones that were responsible for making him feel that way.
“It kinda freaks me out when you’re low on grace because you seem…” He motioned at Cas as if he could see the gesture, trying to come up with a fitting word. “Vulnerable. But it’s also kinda nice. Makes you seem like you’re not all superman, you know?”
The lips were forming the same words over and over. It might have been ‘please.’ Or maybe something else entirely, but that was irrelevant, too. The last part of his magic was deep within him. Only his witch blade would be able to reach it.
“Who the hell…” Dean began, and then his eyes widened when he looked at his watch. “Shit, that’s my brother!”
Sunday came around quicker than usual despite his worries, and he drove to the address Sam had given him with mixed feelings.
A post-coital lick to the mating gland. One might even interpret that as the ultimate sign of affection.
Castiel’s heart sank. That meant there was nothing to be done about it now. He’d have to face Zachariah tomorrow, admit that he wasn’t mated, lose the job opportunity to Michael, endure ridicule by his co-workers…
“Took you this long to figure out, huh?” Dean mumbled against his neck distractedly, not even pausing in his scenting.
The omega had scented himself to sleep like a pup, and the movie hadn’t been over anyway—that was the only reason why Dean had stayed when the hour was up. He had just wanted to see the end of the movie, that was all. (He blissfully ignored the part of his brain that pointed out that he knew the movie by heart.)
The alpha’s cock jerked inside of him, filling Cas up with a few more spurts, and he groaned as the enjoyable spasms continued for long moments.
Instead of answering, Dean used a thumb to brush across his mating gland. “My claim looks real good on you,” he said, all proud alpha.
Cas narrowed his eyes as always when he tried to make sense of the world without the advantage of his nose. Man, Dean was totally nailing this talking about what he felt crap, and Cas wasn’t meeting him halfway.
So, it really shouldn’t have come as a surprise when Dean pulled a towel out of his gym bag and said, “Shower room’s that way.”
“Or not, that’s cool too,” Dean said when Cas didn’t say anything else, rendered speechless at the idea that Dean’s alpha would
Something he said had to have struck a nerve with Dean because his heart rate picked up and his expression darkened.
“Well, I’m… my brother…” he babbled, motioning to Gabe. “But he’s about to leave. I’ll be right with you.”
Ignoring Cas’ confused frown, he got up and said, “I should get ready for work. Usual time tonight?”
Dean huffed out a laugh. “Yeah, I’m gonna say we’re way past what’s allowed here.” No idea what that meant, Cas tried to read Dean’s expression. When he had no luck there, Dean went on, “But I’m the boss, so… kiss away.”
“If anyone’s a stranger here, it’s you,” Dean shot back because who was he to tell Jimmy who he could scent?!
God, no alpha had any right to smell that nice! Damn, but that scent only served to make his dick harder, even though he really shouldn’t get turned on by an alpha’s scent.
As much as Cas loved Dean’s tongue doing things to his ass and sending pleasurable shudders down his spine, he was going
Putting a stop to it would be the logical thing to do. But that tingling sensation was just too addictive. It spread from his mating gland to his belly, reawakening those butterflies deep within like only Dean could.
Even though for all he knew, he might be getting kidnapped by a hunter right now, he got into the car with Dean and let him drive them to the spot he had chosen.
He could smell Dean’s pleasure and love, a symphony of complementing scents from his hair to the freckles on his nose; he could smell
Maybe Dean should have explained a bit more what had happened. After all, Cas had no idea that when an omega was in heat, alphas and omegas couldn’t help themselves. It didn’t have anything to do with Dean or Cas. It was just biology.
Taking a deep breath, Dean pushed open the door and looked around for someone who was wearing a trench coat. His eyes finally found the omega in the far corner—he was actually wearing the trench coat, even though he was inside. He had a few sheets of paper in front of him and was doodling around on them.
Now he’d have to go back and buy another bottle. He just hoped that beta wasn’t there to gloat in the fact that he’d been right and Dean should have bought more than one bottle.
He should have known that Dean wouldn’t give up that easily. He didn’t seem the type. “Didn’t your parents teach you how to scent properly? Your nose didn’t even make contact. Here, let me…”
He had felt a connection with Dean in a way that had never happened with Michael. But of course, Dean quickly reminded him that for him, this was nothing special. For him, it was a job.
Cas probably hadn’t ticked the box for kissing and Charlie would have his head for this, but Dean dove down, first scenting along Cas’ neck and jaw and then his lips found Cas’ who immediately opened his mouth (maybe he
After that, Dean didn’t try to go for Cas’ mating gland again that night. They made love slow and sweet, and Cas didn’t smell nervous anymore at all.
The alpha hadn’t even knocked—he was obviously starting to really feel at home here. He just came in, put down his backpack and said, “Hey, Cas,” ignoring the obvious weird witchy behavior Castiel had planned to avoid in his presence.
“Would you quit complaining?” Dean said. “There’s no one here.” He motioned around the empty gym. “Don’t be embarrassed on
It was all Dean’s fault, really. His lesson on lying hadn’t made all that much sense to Castiel, so of course, Dean saw right through his excuses.
?” Castiel asked, trying to assume an innocent look of ‘certainly not me’ because if he was reading things right, Dean was oblivious to how much he meant to Castiel, after all.
Such a shame. But at least Cas had gotten his dinner out of the cuddle session, and Dean would have a dreamless sleep.
He quickly got up, folded the blanket, laid it back onto the couch on top of the other ones, and then snuck out of the house. He would thank Dean later.
me?!” His voice did a strange squeaky thing, so he cleared his throat and repeated in his regular voice, “Taste me?”
Dean’s alpha really wanted to kiss Jimmy again. That much was obvious. And not on the cheek. Well, there too—but mostly on the lips. That little taste he had gotten had not been enough. It hadn’t been enough by a long shot.
Sam would probably tell Cas all about how he’d found a possible way out for him tomorrow. For tonight, there was really no reason to unsettle Cas, so when the omega asked about the phone call, he just waved him off.
“You’re an alpha,” he told Dean excitedly because this was huge! He hadn’t picked up on anyone’s secondary gender in so long that just this simple scent component was the best thing he had ever smelled.
Watching two animated characters in an online game go at it should not make Dean’s breathing speed up in excitement, but somehow, it did.
“Did you know that there is a whole site where humans and cuddlibi who want to cuddle can meet and make cuddle dates?”
When he was out of heat, he still felt emotionally needy, so he scented Dean some more because his scent had such a calming effect on his omega.
Cas should have known that Gabe would buy him the ‘special’ kind of alpha massage where the alpha would fuck him into the most powerful orgasm he’d ever had. After all, Gabe kept telling him he needed to get laid. Of course, Cas would never admit it—but his brother might have been right about that.
“Here’s something that will help even more,” Dean replied as he pulled his finger out so that he could line himself up with Cas’ hole.
Ignoring social boundaries once more, Castiel almost climbed into Dean’s lap in an attempt to chase after the hallucination of the faintest trace of… something.
“A little bit to the right.” Dean tried to guide his head into the right position, but Cas sat back abruptly.
Okay, the logic wasn’t really sound, but he had to have been convincing enough because Cas tilted his head, contemplating that for a few seconds, and then he nodded and rejoined Dean on the bed.
A wave of compassion washed over him. At least he had Gabe. Dean didn’t have anyone he could talk to about this whole mating thing. Or at least he chose not to for whatever reason.
The rest of the hour, Dean managed to get Cas out of his shell a bit. He learned that Cas was working at a local book shop, that the brother with the contacts in the police department was called ‘Gabriel’ and was older than Cas, and that this strange scenting arrangement had apparently been suggested by Cas’ therapist—even though he still wouldn’t explain why.
They had stopped having sex after deciding to stay friends, and had only exchanged a blowjob here or there. And yeah, maybe Dean had used the opportunity to play with Cas a little bit, edging the omega and making sure he got an awesome orgasm out of it.
Instead, he said what he thought an alpha might say as a comeback to that, “I’m alpha enough, thank you very much.”
Dean would just have to make the most of the time when the unborn pup still needed Cas to scent him.
Holy mother of scent compatibility! He’d picked up on this alpha’s awesome scent during their fight and… other activities—how could he not?—but really
“I got to thinking,” Dean began. “Your therapist clearly doesn’t know what he’s talking about if he said you were good to stop the scenting sessions.”
“I mean—I thought they had used Photoshop when I saw your picture, to add the—” He motioned towards Dean’s face, sure that the meaning was clear, but Dean kept looking at him nonplussed, so Cas finished the sentence, “Freckles.”
Castiel was holding himself perfectly still. He would most likely not be able to sleep because if he fell asleep, he might end up breaking the rule about no cuddling that Dean had been adamant about. (He had repeated
A few seconds after he’d texted back, the doorbell rang. Dean had to have been on his way already to be there that quickly.
When Dean didn’t do anything but stare for a few seconds, a blush began spreading across Cas’ cheeks. Interesting. Kind of cute, sure, but he wouldn’t have guessed Cas would still be blushing when an alpha was looking at his private parts. Maybe he had a whole innocent act prepared. Dean was sure alphas loved that. But blushing on cue required some serious talent.
Somehow, they made their way to the bed and the way Dean eyed the fluffy blankets made Cas think that he appreciated the work Cas had put into making them a comfortable ‘welcome home’ reunion make-out place.
This time when Dean went for his mating gland, nibbling and sucking on it, there was no apprehension. Just happiness.
With Dean’s essence inside of him, his heat was receding, his omega satisfied with his alpha’s performance.
Taking his teasing one step further, he pushed his finger past the tight ring of muscle into Jimmy’s hole. Wow! That was one nice, tight channel. He couldn’t wait to sink his cock into it and give it a good fucking.
He hoped the suggestion had sounded casual and not like Dean needed Cas to say yes with every fiber of his being.
Dean looked so crushed and at the same time had his stoic expression on his face that meant he was burying what he really felt, which made Castiel’s brain rebooted on the spot. When he replayed what he had just said in his mind, he quickly added, “No, I mean—because we already
This conversation was so not going the way he had envisioned it. He should have planned what he wanted to say, after all. “Look, I think we’re getting off track here. Thing is, my sense of smell works fine, and I guess my alpha is trying to scent bond with you.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be gentle,” Dean reassured him, a hand on the small of his back stroking him softly while the other was busy finger-fucking him open.
“Now,” Castiel said, letting the blade clatter onto the floor when he couldn’t hold it any longer. Without any of his magic left, Castiel felt like he was suffocating.
Who knew—if Cas needed it, they might just turn this into a wet dream. Cupid or not, Cas was still an omega, and Dean’s alpha liked the idea of being the first to show him the pleasure of getting his ass first licked and then fucked.
“Oh yes.” Zachariah turned back around, but didn’t sit back down again, which made Castiel feel even smaller. “Nice fellow.”
, he reminded himself and only applied a little bit so that Dean would be able to smell that he had, in fact, used his lotion.
“No, that would be ridiculous. I just… I…” He trailed off, starting to wish he hadn’t called at all.
“Don’t worry, though,” the omega quickly continued. “We can wean the pup off. My doctor says, at the beginning, it should be at least half an hour a day. But it’s perfectly fine if you just give me a shirt to scent…”
Only, the second Rachel touched his wing, Castiel flinched away almost violently and tried to pull it back out of her reach.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be gentle,” the alpha promised, the hand holding him down letting up a bit to stroke and reassure him.
Castiel was glad that Sam was here taking charge and doing all of the talking because his own thoughts were spiraling. Would he be sent to jail for this? Would
Inviting Dean to get even more intimate with him, he rolled over onto his back. It had worked the last time, and it worked like a charm again, Dean following to roll on top of him.
“Right behind you.” That would give him cover to get undressed without Dean seeing anything he wasn’t supposed to.
Had the doctor made a mistake? Unlikely if he had tested his blood. That only left the explanation that their little game of pretend mating during Dean’s rut had been a bit too realistic. Castiel had felt a connection form between them, but he had assumed it was just that he was falling deeper in love. After all, his feelings in Dean’s presence had been steadily growing stronger ever since he had met the alpha.
When that finally got Cas to start moving his lips against Dean’s, he forgot all about how this had all started and just continued kissing his angel. Turned out that kissing him for real was a lot more fun than pranking him anyway.
Later that same night, Dean showed up with the explanation that ghosts could be dangerous. Apparently, he was there to make sure Castiel was safe.
Cas was a complete mess. Squirming on his knot, his hole stretched around it, his neck peppered with hickeys and bite marks… Dean kind of liked him like that. Boy, was he glad that he had gone for the ‘full package’! He couldn’t
! I don’t know about cuddlibi, but humans tend to sleep at night.” Of course, he knew very well that cuddlibi slept at night just like humans did, but he was an angry sleeper and being woken at 2:38 at night didn’t put him in the best mood.
Cas immediately surrendered to him, baring his neck and letting Dean mess him up. As an omega companion, he knew exactly what to do to bring his alpha back from the edge of rut sickness. Submitting so sexily definitely had the intended effect on Dean’s alpha.
“Not so much now that I know how you see me,” Cas added, glare back in his eyes. “I’m not one of those omegas in porno movies who enjoy being called ‘slut’ and ‘knot whore.’”
Maybe he hadn’t gotten a good scent off of Anna. An omega’s scent was important for an alpha to fall in love.
After a while, his ass started to hurt from taking Dean’s huge dick again and again, which was when the alpha came up with alternate ideas for how to get his sperm to where it was supposed to go.
. Enhancers had been the first thing that had sprung to mind. Luckily, Dean had bought it, but Cas was sick of all the lies.
now. To say that his alpha was intrigued was the understatement of the century. And now, having him so close, wet and naked and within arm’s reach was definitely piquing his alpha’s interest in a way that made it hard to hide.
He was neither good at reading facial expressions nor at figuring out what people were trying to say when they were talking to him—mainly because they didn’t always say what they meant and then expected him to read between the lines.
When the first thing you noticed about an alpha was his scent, there was no reason to examine the timbre of his voice. But once Castiel had started relying on his ears more so than usual, he had realized to his own surprise that Dean’s voice was serving a similar function to a scent. It could be engaging or soothing, mirthful or despondent; he could use it to calm Castiel down or to let him in on a joke. (Even if Castiel did not
On his way home, even though he missed Cas already, Dean couldn’t keep a smile off his face. Cas didn’t like the scent of rut, but he had told Dean he smelled ‘great.’ His alpha was positively preening from the compliment.
When he opened the door, he blinked twice, and then a third time to make sure that the alcohol wasn’t making him see things.
“Matey?” Cas interrupted him just as Dean had gotten up the courage to actually talk about feelings and stuff.
available, but even if he hadn’t been, he’d have made time. For some reason, the prospect of having heat sex with an omega was suddenly exciting more than it was daunting. This omega wanted a pup—he wouldn’t judge Dean for maybe being a bit too caring and touchy-feely. Plus, it wasn’t like they’d ever see each other again after that one week.
If they couldn’t get it on with anyone because of their status as fake mates, they only had each other to provide physical contact after all. So, hugging was definitely on the table. And if it happened while they were lying in bed next to each other? Well, horizontal hugging had never hurt anyone.
Dean said that last part so matter-of-factly that it had to be something normal, right? Paramedics inviting patients to their place? Probably happened all the time.
“You wanna?” Dean asked, and for a moment, Cas had no idea what he was even talking about. A second round? They were still connected from the first one.
What had been nothing but an excuse to provide a decent cuddle meal for his best friend, turned out to do him good, too. Not in the way that he finally got to touch that cuddlibus, which of course was a huge bonus, but because he actually got a good night’s sleep out of it.
Castiel hadn’t really thought about that. He had been safe inside the warded room. But he had to return to heaven now, and Raphael probably wasn’t happy with him and the fact that he had spent his heat with a human after he had explicitly been told not to.
“That’s the wing oil.” Impatient because Dean still hadn’t resumed his massage, Castiel bucked up in an attempt to get that hand on his back moving again.
“I mean the dangerous criminal part,” Dean clarified and then shrugged his shoulders when Cas kept staring at him. “I’ve seen the scars. Tells me all I need to know about this Mi-Mick jerk.”
Now that the alpha was this close and his scent stronger than any shirt of his, it was no wonder that weeks of conditioning kicked in and he started to slick.
backed into a corner, but there was no way Dean would submit, and eventually, he was able to turn the tables on him again.
A myriad of voices was the first thing Castiel perceived even before the huge hall started taking shape around him.
The sound of flapping wings was the last thing he heard before he succumbed to the blackness creeping in all around him.
Since Dean was fed up reading through ridiculous posts like these where it was painfully obvious that the alpha in question
Gabe just ignored his valid objection and went on, “I wouldn’t have been surprised if he had started feeding you from his hand.”
to them. For example, Dean could definitely admit that Jimmy was an attractive, devastatingly handsome alpha, but Dean would never be
Dean’s thumb stroked over his mating gland again and Castiel instinctively bared his neck for him so that he could reach it more easily.
He also ignored Dean’s prayer later that day. And the one the next day. He didn’t need to hear the alpha gush about the perfect omega he had met. This was the phase where he would only be able to think and talk about Anna.
Of course, he hadn’t mentioned the fact that according to the book, the positive effects from a belly rub for the pup started
Counting the seconds, hoping for the alpha to finish was not an activity Castiel considered fun, which brought him to his next argument. “Second, the omegas are probably faking it to get it over with.”
“Look, of course I want to do nice things for my omega,” he explained when he gave Cas that fluffy cushion designed for nesting purposed that had a huge cartoon bee on it.
His stomach was somersaulting, heart flip-flopping like crazy. He would get to touch Dean again. Well, of course they were touching all the time—their pup needed them to, after all, but… He would get to touch Dean
Cas had closed his eyes and was chasing after Dean’s lips a bit when Dean leaned back. They were compatible all right. Cas obviously felt it too.
Okay, maybe Dean enjoyed all the kissing too, but he was all high on Cas’ heat pheromones, so that didn’t count.
All in all, it was rather unhelpful because some said being attracted to another alpha like that made him alphasexual, while others said he was fine, that it was a natural urge and that he should go and make that alpha submit to him.
Another minute ticked by in silence before Dean gave it another try. “So… You seem to have me at a disadvantage here. I didn’t run a background check to make sure you didn’t plan to lure me here in order to eat me or whatever.”
Nothing, apparently. It had been a stupid omega instinct. Dean probably wouldn’t have been able to scent anything over the fake alpha scent even if he hadn’t declined the offer (which he would have), but Cas shouldn’t tempt fate like that in the first place.
the new owner, who apparently had lots of hidden talents, one of them being that he was a masseur and wanted to open a massage place.
While Dean’s cock continued making this alpha his bitch, other kinds of instincts were taking over. He needed to mark his alpha. Mark him good. And not just by leaving him with a load of his spunk in his tight little ass.
“So? I told you a simple hug from you guys won’t just magically put us humans to sleep. I can’t believe that I have a better understanding of your species than you do.”
Dean let himself be manhandled without protest, his mind still stuck on one detail it had just picked up on.
And that’s how Castiel ended up on his knees in front of a half-naked alpha, staring intently at his penis in an attempt to pick up on traces of magic. It was an alpha penis all right. Even limp as it was, its size was rather impressive. Castiel could just imagine what it looked like erect.
By that time, his neck was not only bared in submission to this strong alpha, but also as an invitation for a bite. He couldn’t have fought that instinct if he had tried. Not that he wanted to. Giving in to his omega instincts in Dean’s presence felt
Zachariah got up and fastened the button of his suit jacket before he walked over to the large window overlooking the city. “Winchester… Don’t we have an employee by that name?” he asked, his back still turned to him.
Before he could come up with a clever comeback, some commotion from his other side made him turn around.
Of course, ‘casual’ might not be the perfect approach with Cas. “We had intercourse,” he deadpanned. “So I would have to agree.”
Oh. Dean didn’t want to get mated? And here Castiel was, daydreaming about their future together where they might stop faking and get mated for real.
Still, wearing the mark of the alpha he was in love with made his omega all giddy and put him into a good mood, no matter the stupid reasons Dean had put the mark there.
“I’m slipping my hand under your shirt,” Dean said, imagining the feeling of Cas’ warm, naked skin under his fingers and how he would always let his hand roam over Cas’ hips and up his torso.
The next time they played, they didn’t talk about their foray into R-rated territory. It hadn’t really been all that explicit anyway—it had mostly been a joke, a way to shut Bees up and get revenge for the teasing.
Most important of all: picking up on someone’s mood. Somehow, betas managed to go through life without having that problem (although they were at least able to smell
They hadn’t talked about what to do during their mating cycles, even though now that the situation presented itself, he realized that they really should have.
Since the magic of the dead witches had nowhere to go, the beam bounced around the room and finally hit Anael dead-on.
Dean still hadn’t been able to make breakfast for Jimmy. Even though he had totally won the last round, Jimmy had been gone by the time Dean had gotten up. He just hoped that Jimmy hadn’t had another nightmare while Dean had slept calmly in his own bed. Maybe he should have stayed with him…
—and often—but it always ended with Dean’s cock and knot shoved up his ass, while they were making out, both of them satisfied.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You’re down to thirty-one percent. Your alpha is lying right next to you. I think you’re not in immediate danger of dying of pining sickness anymore.”
This time was no different. Within minutes of taking in Dean’s scent, the tension of the day began to leave his body and the memory of the tenacious alpha from the bookstore didn’t seem so scary anymore with a big, protective alpha right next to him.
Again, Raphael chose to ignore Castiel’s remark and instead motioned to a closed door, which seemed to appear out of nowhere. “We have arrangements in place for angels in heat.”
And if a few tears escaped while he was scenting Dean’s shirt—well, then he could blame that on the pregnancy hormones as well.
Dean picked up his pace then and fucked into him more desperately, his full balls smacking against Castiel’s ass cheeks, his knot pulling at his rim with each thrust.
“Dean—” Jimmy started with a sigh, and that didn’t sound good, which meant that Dean had to actually come up with some convincing arguments here.
They had agreed that everything was fair game, so naturally, kissing was allowed. It still caught Castiel off guard.
The tone of voice was casual, but Cas could feel the truth underneath and offered comfort as best he knew how—with a nudge and a nuzzle, which led to Dean putting an arm around him.
Dean wiggled his finger until it slipped a bit deeper inside, getting a hoarse and broken, “Dean!” for his efforts.
So had nibbling each other’s scent glands—which was probably why Cas had latched onto his mating gland in his sleep.
Jimmy was staring at him again and Dean fidgeted uncomfortably under the scrutiny, taking the last sip of his beer as a distraction before putting the bottle down. “No. I guess not,” Jimmy finally said as he lowered his eyes.
One of Cas’ hands instinctively reached up to his own scent gland and fondled it the way Dean always did while scenting him.
Now that he was confronted with an apprehensive Cas, his brain didn’t want to cooperate. As always, they were sitting on their ‘scenting couch,’ but no one made a move to start the scenting session.
Naturally, he waited until they were in bed together once more because that just seemed like the most comfortable position to be biting at Cas’ neck for a while.
nibble and bite at his mating gland was the best feeling in the world—especially when the alpha bit harder and continued fucking him at the same time, never faltering in his brutal rhythm. Luckily, the alpha was still holding him down as he was pounding him into the mattress because otherwise, it would have been very difficult to squash his instinct to turn around and show him his belly.
“Why do you sound disbelieving? Your dick is in my ass, isn’t it? I would count that as a successful seduction on my part.”
Over the next few days, Castiel visited the website of the club almost every day. He even drove by it a couple of times, but was too nervous to actually go in.
While he took it into his mouth, he pushed a finger into the omega’s ass, reminding him of what was about to happen here.
Then they found a comfortable grooming position with Castiel sitting with his back to Rachel—and the grooming could begin.
Did alphasexual alphas still want or need omegas while in rut? If biology told them to breed omegas, maybe they had to give in to instincts even if they weren’t attracted to their secondary gender. Was that a thing?
Then it happened again, a soft flutter against his belly as if he was being tickled from the inside.
“Do you still…” Castiel trailed off, unsure of how to phrase it. “Do you want to continue… our grooming arrangement?”
He had quite some trouble falling asleep that night. No wonder, considering how important the meeting with Zachariah the next morning was. Strangely enough, it wasn’t the meeting his thoughts kept coming back to, but his new roommate and pretend mate.
The smell of the mystery omega in Jimmy’s house had been in his mind (and nose) all day. He had never believed in love at first scent, but his alpha had certainly taken notice.
He was lying in the middle of Dean’s bed on his stomach, his left wing that Dean was currently working on spread out, because that position made it easier for the alpha to reach all of the feathers that needed to be preened.
But before Castiel could send Justin on the way with the message he’d scribbled on the back of Dean’s note, a scream echoed through the hall.
“Or, you know, a considerate…” Dean started, trying to think of a more fitting word, but once again, he was interrupted by Cas.
While Dean continued to dump his load, he let out a low, drawn-out groan and then he knotted Castiel almost as an afterthought.
So, yeah, flirting with Cas was a perfectly harmless way of tricking his alpha into believing he got what he really wanted—which was propositioning Cas. Or maybe professing his love. Something with ‘pro.’
asshole on the other hand—not so much. And while the thought of fucking Cas until his hole was all sore and wrecked was appealing, he didn’t want to make this experience uncomfortable for him.
Never one to back down from a dare, Dean cleared his throat and began singing, “Hey Jude, don't make it bad…”
Sam ignored him and instead leaned forward so that he could look at Castiel. “I moved in with Eileen a couple of months ago,” he explained.
When he tried to get up, Dean held him back. “There’s no one here to figure you out. I mean, who is going to come by at night? I’m the only one who would do that and I already know.”
said he could call night and day… Since that nightmare had left him shaking, this was clearly emergency enough to warrant a midnight call.
“I need you to use your words,” Dean encouraged him, even though he was really close to placing another kiss right on Cas’ lips because apparently, they were as addictive as his scent.
He tried to tell himself that he’d feel so much better once they were freshly groomed. But he simply couldn’t endure the whole grooming process. One more touch to his wing and Castiel turned around, dislodging Rachel’s hands.
was strange, so after the one time where Dean had to go home shirtless, he made sure to always bring an extra item of clothing.
Jimmy’s scent turned sweeter with omega arousal and emboldened by it, Dean kept teasing, intent on seducing him. He continued mouthing along Jimmy’s neck, tiny love nibbles because that claim on his neck needed to be renewed right the fuck now.
In any case, Dean had to train himself to subdue all of those instincts because of Cas’ weird hang-ups in regard to touching humans.
While fucking his fleshlight, he imagined pinning that omega underneath him and ramming his cock into him, which led to a first powerful orgasm.
Everything went according to plan the next day. Dean’s mark was convincing enough as a mating bite and Castiel got the job. But of course, things were never that easy.
“Hey, I’m right here,” Dean replied while squeezing his shoulder, unaware of what was going on inside of him.
Alpha kisses. Those were even more intimate than kissing each other on the mouth for obvious reasons—his mating gland was
“Too much?” Dean asked as he reluctantly let go of Cas’ scent gland and pushed himself up a bit so that he wasn’t smothering the omega.
All the times Castiel had thought of Dean when going through his heat alone—and now the alpha was right there, next to him.
Dean sauntered over to the chair next to the potion table, turned it around so that the back faced Castiel, and straddled it, eyebrows raised. “Yeah, I’m gonna have to know more about that vision. Like, how far in the future we talkin’?”
Realizing that he was being a creep (it was most likely Sam’s girlfriend’s scent), Castiel quickly followed Sam into the living room, trying to ignore the scent.
Bart (as Dean called him because it seemed to unnerve him) collected Jimmy’s cell phone and was gone for a while, as he had to take it away to be analyzed.
“We don’t know the first thing about each other!” Castiel told Dean that evening while they were having dinner. “They will figure it out and know that I lied and then I’ll lose my job…”
“What?!” Cas asked and it took him a moment to get why what he had said might be interpreted in that way. Then he quickly clarified for the police officer, “We didn’t sleep together! I mean… we
Okay, so maybe that crush had never quite gone away. It wasn’t Castiel’s fault that Dean was the most caring, loving alpha he had ever met. If anything,
Cas was squinting at Dean’s crotch as if he had never seen a boner before. Dean tried to shift his weight to make it less obvious, trying to come up with an excuse for what he could have in his pants, but it was already too late.
Afterwards, when they were cuddling in bed together, he licked the bite mark lovingly and then looked Cas deep in the eyes and said, “You’re the best fake mate ever.”
Dean didn’t pay for sex. Call it alpha pride if you will, but he didn’t need to pay for it when picking up omegas was second nature to him. Biting his lower lip and smiling his ‘aw shucks’ grin usually got omegas slick and willing so that he could stick it in them.
No looking down! Cas focused hard on keeping his eyes at eye-level as he motioned for Dean to go ahead.
He knew he shouldn’t have pushed, but his stupid alpha instincts had taken over and he had been incapable to resist those soft lips… and now Cas was clearly upset…
“Do you always get rude visitors so early in the morning?” Dean grumbled, following him out of the bedroom.
Dean took a step closer and for a moment, Cas thought he was going to kiss him, but then the alpha reached out and brushed against his scent gland one last time before turning around and walking to his car.
“I’m going to lose one of my best customers here, aren’t I?” Gabe mumbled while Dean and Castiel exchanged numbers.
He finally buried his nose in that scent gland and scented him good. And there was that scent again, not Jimmy’s alpha scent, but that intoxicating scent Dean had been chasing.
It was during one of their non-feeding cuddle sessions on the couch during a commercial break that Cas said, out of nowhere, “I’ll tell you a secret if you tell me one.”
Of course, he should have known that Dean wouldn’t just sit still. That alpha was too stubborn for his own good. Ask him to stay put—and five seconds later, he was at your front door, his restlessness having gotten the better of him.
“What the hell, man!” he yelled at Cas, who was standing beside the bed, his expression one of idle curiosity, similar to when he asked about PB&J sandwiches or humans’ need to urinate. “You don’t just—you can’t just…
Jimmy found him attractive. He found Jimmy attractive. What was keeping them from doing some alphasexual stuff to each other?
The competitiveness was a bit strange, but seeing as the whole concept of a monogamous cuddle relationship seemed strange to him, Dean assumed it was a cuddlibus thing and didn’t think too much of it. Cuddling was part of who they were, so being a good cuddler might be a big deal to them in a way that humans couldn’t comprehend.
Letting his omega out to play with Dean’s alpha was maybe a bit risky. He knew what he wanted: Get that alpha to
When Cas had finally managed to take Dean to the ground in one of their play fights, Dean seemed genuinely impressed, which in turn made Cas feel proud and on top of the world.
He had a feeling that his ‘cuddle urges’ would be especially hard to control with Cas in the same bed. Images of spooning the omega and kissing the nape of his neck while he held him close were more than alluring.
The downside of putting on such a convincing show was that it got hot and heavy, which meant that kissing wasn’t enough anymore. Somewhere while their kisses had turned heated, Castiel’s hand had found its way underneath Dean’s shirt, feeling the muscles ripple beneath his touch.
Instead of acknowledging that Dean was an expert on cuddlibi, Cas grumbled, “Well… don’t just oversleep without warning me!” and walked out of his room in a huff.
When Dean’s breathing had returned to normal, he rolled them onto their sides, trying to figure out the next step. He didn’t knot omegas often because usually, he’d try to get away faster after a one-night stand and you couldn’t do that when you were tied to them for about twenty minutes. But he had forgotten to ask Charlie if ‘for the night’ meant that he was supposed to knot Cas just this once or if it meant the whole night. He really hoped for the latter.
“Morning sleepyhead,” Dean smiled at him and God, Cas had missed that smile when Dean had been away and all his smiles via Skype had been a bit bittersweet.
Considering how strongly his alpha reacted to Cas and his scent, he was pretty sure that he had, in fact, scent bonded with an omega who was incapable of scent bonding with him in return. As long as he didn’t have his sense of smell, at least.
The thought of the mystery alpha smelling the heat while using his slick to bring himself off made him forget all about that, though.
“No!” Dean yelled and then cleared his throat when he realized that that had been a bit forceful. “I mean, you still have me, right? I can protect you. There’s no reason why we shouldn’t be able to finish the game even with you all… y’know. Knocked up.”
He had called from the road and ever since then, Cas’ omega was so excited to get his alpha back that he kept rearranging the pillows on his bed, adding some more blankets to the mix. After all, Dean should feel comfortable and should want to stay here at least for the night.
This Mi-Mick person better watch out not to run across Dean one day. No one was allowed to hurt Dean’s friends like that! Good for Jimmy to have gotten away from this abusive asshole.
After he had made sure his suit wouldn’t wrinkle (seriously, this alpha’s need to unwind was greater than Dean’s!), he joined him in the middle of the room—and just like that, the alpha fight started.
It turned out that scenting between adult alphas and omegas was mostly considered foreplay as it didn’t
“Morning sunshine,” Dean mumbled, voice rough with sleep, and promptly started scenting him, too. As if a morning scenting was what Castiel had been going for here.
But he didn’t want to scold Cas for it, so he just closed his eyes, trying not to think too much about how he’d have preferred to still have the omega in his arms, and drifted off eventually.
It seemed like Jimmy wasn’t good at taking compliments, so Dean made it his mission to change that. It was easy because there was so much about him you could compliment. He was really the most awesome person. Of course, Jimmy blushed again when Dean told him that.
The tightly wound coil inside of Castiel snapped as his heat couldn’t take the visual stimulation anymore and his own dick ejaculated hard.
As long as Cas didn’t scrub off the alpha scent (which was still supposed to last him a few hours), the worst that could happen was Dean thinking his penis was a bit on the small side for an alpha—
It was Dean who got freaked out. He was wrapped around Cas, one hand softly caressing the pup bump as so often, and the next second, he snatched his hand away.
Maybe he could dare turn his head ever so slightly to… There. Now he could take in even more of Dean’s awesome scent. He breathed in deeply and felt himself relax.
Dean would lean over to use his thumb and remove a crumb from the corner of Castiel’s mouth. And of course, mates would kiss a lot during breakfast, so that’s what they did as well.
“No problem,” he quickly said because he would much rather have Cas call him when in need than not even know when he needed help. Plus, he had really missed having the omega close. Having him in his arms only showed him what had been missing these last few days.
He had to admit that Cas was right—even though he already missed him when he thought about being hundreds of miles away from him.
He was sporting a shiner and his wings looked ruffled—Castiel had no idea how a mere human could have won in a fight against Raphael, but then again, Dean wasn’t ‘mere’ anything.
Towards the end of the third round, Cas finally came out of his shell a bit. He’d been unnaturally quiet so far, but Dean was starting to figure out which moves drove him wild, and in response, Cas couldn’t keep the sounds in much longer.
Hopefully ‘this shit’ wasn’t sex while he was in heat because he hoped to get more of that when the next bout of heat hit. Besides, alphas a lot older than Dean still engaged in heat sex.
Taking some rut suppressants that should give him about an hour of symptom-free relief, Dean made his way back to the sex shop.
At the end of the day, Castiel hadn’t worked on a single file. Instead, he had spent the whole day sitting there musing about humans—and one human in particular.
Still, he was glad that he had his back turned to Dean while pointing his finger at the kettle to make the water boil. That way, Dean wouldn’t see him blush as he tried to brush it off, “Just some vision I had. It was just a little nibble, nothing of import, really.”
That’s how Cas found himself, towel in hand and finally out of good excuses, in front of the shower room.
Cas wasn’t what Sam had had in mind when he had suggested that Dean should follow his instincts. Never mind the fact that it had worked and they had made a huge breakthrough. Probably not because of the groping, but whatever.
When he got permission to scent Jimmy too, though, he couldn’t help but feel that he had accomplished something big.
Castiel had almost forgotten what this was supposed to be about: an exercise in reciprocity. So, he scented back as best he could, startling Dean when he buried his face in the alpha’s neck. Apparently, he had not been the only one to forget about why they were here.
His alpha’s need to take this omega again grew, so he ducked down to give the tip of Cas’ dick a quick lick, which made the omega buck up and mewl. Okay, he didn’t want to be a cock tease. He could suck his dick for him for a bit just because that’s the kind of nice alpha he was.
Seemed easy enough. Sam had been absolutely right to ask him to do this—Dean was so ready to help Cas get his sense of smell back.
“Oh.” Despite himself, Castiel’s eyes were drawn to the alpha’s crotch. He quickly looked back up at his face. “That’s… that’s an unusual curse.” He had to have really antagonized that witch.
Angels, man. Turned out this Castiel dude was legit. There really were angels out there who were getting their freak on by messing with people’s lives.
Inias seemed like the name of a stupid cuddlibus. He hoped Dean would choke on his cuddles. (Not too much, though. He still didn’t want bad things for Dean, even if the alpha was trying to get back at him in a rather juvenile way.)
The way Dean had almost fallen over himself in his haste to get away from him spoke volumes. Castiel didn’t need his sense of smell to figure out that signal.
Apart from the fact that Dean was hard enough to pound… well, an omega’s tight ass, and Cas was inching his way dangerously close to where he’d be confronted by said hardness.
He fiddled around with the amulets next to the register, just little trinkets that he handed out for good luck. Maybe they could help him make Dean forget about the whole ‘I drank the potion’ lie.
Instead of answering his very pertinent question about what Cas might or might not have said about him, Sam decided to throw him for a loop again. “If you want to switch it up a bit, there are other parts of your body he could try scenting.”
He was the first one in the room today and when he saw the other alpha enter, he knew. He was going to dominate the
The omega bartender, who had chosen this moment to stop by, looked Dean up and down with an interested glint in his eyes.
! Cas had had no idea that this was part of the services they offered here. Although he should have known by the way Gabe had smirked when he had told him about the appointment!
Planting soft, affectionate kisses on his lips, and combing his hair back with his fingers, he rocked into him gently. While one hand was cradling the back of Cas’ head, he used the other one to fondle his belly protectively. The small bump was a reminder of the last time they had spent his heat together. Since Cas’ hard dick was lying right there against his stomach, Dean started caressing it too, just sensual, feather-light touches.
In real life, that position had to be uncomfortable, especially while carrying four pups, but his omega seemed to enjoy himself, and Castiel liked watching Impala bend down to kiss him while still fucking into him.
When Dean went back for their next scent date, the tension momentarily came back when they sat down on the couch, and for the first time, Cas seemed hesitant about invading his personal space to start scenting. But then Dean just put his hand on the back of Cas’ head and pulled him against his neck. The sniffing started almost immediately and everything was back to normal.
The awesome smell was receding, leaving Dean alone, which made his alpha anxious. Clearly, he had to find his omega again. Or was it his alpha? It was very hard to think for some reason. The only thing he knew: He could not let that scent escape!
“I know. But I want to say yes.” He gave Dean a funny look. Were those supposed to be his bedroom eyes?
Bees had been playing on his own too, and since he had clearly been in need of an alpha to help him fight his way past the battlefield, Dean had fought for the both of them and had finally managed to carry the omega to safety and nurse him back to health.
been a lot of kissing involved while they had been sexually intimate. And then there was the fact that they had slept together even after Dean’s rut had ended. The alpha had been very tender with him and they had fallen asleep in each other’s arms just like mates did. It had been very easy to pretend when everything had felt so real…
His eyes were drawn to the claiming bite and he licked his lips and said, “I’m gonna renew my claim on you now.”
“I raked leaves for Mrs. Tillman, donated old blankets to an animal shelter, bought coffee for the beta behind me in line at my coffee shop, and saved a family from a… rabid dog.”
Then, finally, while Dean was still seducing him with long, open-mouthed kisses, the alpha’s cock found Castiel’s hole and pushed inside.
“Yeah? Like who?” Hopefully not that Mick douchebag. He was always eying Cas in a way that Dean didn’t like.
Castiel should have been prepared for this moment. After all, this happened almost every time. He had gotten used to Dean not noticing, though.
Dean watched, fascinated, as Cas rotated his hips, presenting his ass to him for better access, pushing back and gripping the sheets as a groan escaped him that almost sounded like Dean’s name.
So, when dinner didn’t go any better, Dean decided to drive around for a bit to clear his mind. Blasting his favorite Led Zeppelin song, he drove Baby along country roads, which finally managed to calm him down.
Maybe not that awesome, though, because he was rather distracted for the rest of the evening, just contributing a “You’re right about that” here or a “Sure, my place, but you bring the booze” there, but otherwise letting the conversation pass over him.
Castiel’s whole world would come crashing down once Dean’s rut was over and their little game of play-pretend would come to its inevitable end. But for now, he soaked up all of Dean’s affections. For now, he was just Dean’s mate, in love with his alpha and being loved in return.
All in all, things were going great. Dean totally got why a therapist had suggested scent therapy. Even though he himself wasn’t suffering from panic attacks, all the scenting and getting scented was making him more even-tempered in everyday life. More happy, too.
Everything within him wanted to come to Hannah’s aid, but the witch had not yet achieved her goal. Their plan dictated they stay hidden until she had rejoined their world. Otherwise, everything would be for nothing.
He wasn’t even really in a relationship with another alpha, but of course, the others couldn’t know that. More than that, though, Dean knew it wouldn’t have made a difference anyway. Had Jimmy been an alpha, nothing would have changed. So, in a way, taking Jimmy’s hand and acknowledging what they meant to each other had also been about showing Sam and Benny a part of himself that
“Dean mentioned a library?” Castiel finally asked when his curiosity got the better of him, and that’s when the brothers decided to give him the tour of the bunker.
“Cas—what are you doing here, man?” Dean asked. After all, Cas had done what he had come here for. He’d returned Dean’s stuff, and he wasn’t making a move to get his own. At least the alcohol was making it easier to say what he might have kept bottled up inside otherwise. “You can’t keep jerking me around like this.”
Plus, he’d always been touching Cas a lot, so it would be weird if he stopped now. He wanted to show Cas how open-minded he was about the whole alphasexual thing, after all.
Cas rolled his eyes, even though Dean wasn’t that far off, and then explained what was going on because there was no way Dean would give up until he had gotten the whole story out of him anyway.
He looked Dean straight in the eye and said, as calmly as he could muster, “I know what you are, Dean.”
“Uhm…” Aaron said, and that’s when Dean realized that there was one person involved in this strange threesome who hadn’t come yet.
There was no way Cas could say anything to that, so he tried to get back to the place of comfort from before and enjoy Dean’s arms around him. He was left a bit unsettled, though, because he realized how much he needed to hear that. Unfortunately, Dean was under the false assumption that he was a trans
Submissive urges overcame him all of a sudden. Baring his neck hardly seemed like enough, but it was a start. He slowed down so that he could present his neck to Dean who immediately mouthed along the claiming bite and played with it.
He made another attempt to break free from Cas, but the omega had apparently turned into an octopus. He made some sort of noise that was all stubborn omega and ‘Nope, you’re staying here.’
His logic was spot on. Man, but this whiskey was making him think straight. Worth every penny. Unfortunately, the bottle was empty. Damn, now he’d have to search for another one.
If Dean wanted to deny his attraction to alphas, Castiel would play along. He certainly wouldn’t out him against his will. But hiding in the bathroom as if his very presence here was somehow
“Does it really matter?” Cas asked, ignoring Dean. “My ‘cover’ is ‘blown’ anyway.” He hoped he was using the air quotes and FBI lingo correctly.
This was ridiculous. Dean was trying to be so understanding, and the more Cas lied to him, the more hurt he might be when he found out.
So, the next time they were in bed together, Cas tried to look seductive as he said, “Mate me.” His heart was beating erratically in his chest because apparently, his omega was still a bit on edge.
After everything Cas had confided in him, Dean’s alpha was very happy that he now had him back in his arms. His protective instincts sure were appeased. After all, he was there to make sure that this omega stayed safe and sound.
How had he gotten here? The last thing he remembered, he had been miles away, having his magic sucked out of him by some strange, unknown force.
Castiel didn’t quite understand why Dean didn’t sound happy about it. Oh. Maybe he thought Castiel’s success rate was as low as Gabriel’s.
Cas didn’t seem impressed. He did the eye squint thing again and crossed his arms. “I do not have cooties, Dean.”
Jimmy was lying on Dean’s bed because that was simply the easiest position for him to work the lotion into the scars, and Dean brushed across the mark on his neck and said, “Looks good on you.”
The doctor nodded. He probably got that question all the time, whereas it was something Dean hadn’t even thought about since he hadn’t gotten to that chapter yet. When exactly were omegas due for their pregnancy heat? Was that something that he should have read up on earlier? While his thoughts were racing, he tried to look nonchalant.
As much as he wanted to get frisky with Cas to celebrate their new relationship, there was still something he needed to address.
Damn, but with all the rut sex he’d had, he’d never felt this drawn to an omega before. Maybe it was the rut sickness that had messed him up. Or maybe Cas, as an omega companion, just knew exactly what to do to get alphas to come back for more. They were probably taught early on how to hook a new client.
Alpha trash talk had never been Castiel’s strong suit. So, he wasn’t surprised when his reply of “My ass is very ready.” was only met with a confused look from Dean.
Maybe he could try using that new ‘cuddle technique’ on Cas. Or at least ask if that was something he would be okay with. That might give him some answers…
“Save yourself! He’s a hunter!” Castiel told her, even though an uneasy feeling was slowly creeping up his spine as he got a better look at her. Her eyes were dark and emotionless. Empty.
just answering his phone while taking care of a client? Castiel definitely wouldn’t appreciate it if he answered his phone while he was fucking him.
There was a little bit of a tingling sensation throughout his body that might indicate Cas was feeding on the contact, but it might as easily have been the fact that Dean finally got to touch the omega. What with the low-key crush he had on him, some weird tingling sensations were to be expected.
But was it really all that risky? It wasn’t like he’d start producing slick and of course Dean wouldn’t expect him to pop a knot, so there wasn’t a lot that could give him away. And that was if Dean got a look in the first place. Omegasexual alphas probably didn’t just check each other out to begin with. Plus, the stalls would provide the necessary privacy.
Dean hadn’t been joking. He really was from ‘way out of town’ (and out of state) which certainly wouldn’t make things easier. When Castiel asked what he had been doing in Pontiac (thinking that maybe he had visited family here), Dean just gave a gruff reply that didn’t really clear things up, and basically told him to mind his own business.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh, which in return got Cas to blink up at him, all innocent cuddlibus. “What?”
This time, she did pause long enough to let Dean get in a word. “Are you crazy? I’m not a prostitute. You can’t just pimp me out.”
But as much as Dean loved seeing Cas present for him, he started to regret that he was only supposed to fuck him from behind. At least, they were engaging in more ‘just a minute’ scentings in between, which gave Dean’s alpha some of the intimacy he craved.
“You’ve got a nice scent,” the alpha said with a smile that was closer to a teasing smirk. Then he added, “Does that count?”
Here it came, they were actually doing this. This was the point of no return, the second Dean’s thick cock would slide into him, pushing the boundaries of their friendship even further.
Hannah stayed in the trance-like state for a few seconds longer before she gasped for air and looked around at them with wide eyes. “She’s coming!”
But now that he knew just how to make Cas come hard, it would be crazy not to use that knowledge to his advantage. After all, Cas’ orgasms felt great for Dean, too. The moment his ass muscles clenched tightly around Dean’s cock was divine.
! Who had deceived him from the moment he had come to his door, pretending to be an innocent victim of a witch’s curse.
In the middle of one of his speeches about the wonders of beehives, Dean leaned over and kissed him on the cheek, that slight smile never leaving his face. Of course, this made Cas forget all about what he had been talking about and he felt a blush spread across his cheeks.
Hell yeah! If this whole trip had been in vain, he would at least get a nice juicy burger for the road. It was a long drive back, after all.
Castiel didn’t feel good about inconveniencing his sister and her family, but since he couldn’t crash at Balthazar’s, he was out of options. So, he took his fluffy cuddle blanket in the hopes that it would make sleeping on their couch easier, and was on his way.
His knot had formed and he probably shouldn’t knot an angel, but he couldn’t help himself, so he thrust a few more times until the knot caught on his rim, making Dean shoot another load into the angel with a grunt.
Dean sniffed at Castiel’s neck again and then said, “I could swear it’s like a developing scent bond.”
Yes, they had established a kind of routine and Cas probably knew that it was a cuddle day, but still, it was as close to him asking for a cuddle as he had ever come. Of course, there was the fact that Cas didn’t think it was about
If his mother knew he was staying with two hunters, she would turn in her grave. But the way Dean was talking about Sam, it seemed like he was one of the good guys, too. The old nursery rhyme was clearly wrong.
By the time he realized that he couldn’t suppress his alpha any longer, it was obviously too late to go out and pick someone up. Unfortunately, he didn’t know anyone he could call, either. He had never exchanged numbers with any of his rut flings. That left him with only one option.
The plan had been to come up with a flimsy excuse and get rid of Dean, but the alpha just said, “Whoa! Did you take a bath in that cologne?” and went right past Cas to their usual couch hangout, kicking off his shoes on the way.
Jimmy stopped chewing and looked at him, transfixed, which made Dean think he might just get what he’d been asking for. But then Jimmy took the last sip of his coffee, thanked him for the delicious breakfast and said goodbye.
Castiel had never had sex with an alpha in rut before, but he had imagined alphas would feel an urge to knot the omega they were with, which was why he was a bit confused that Dean’s dick was currently the only thing shoved up his ass.
Cas shook his head. “We might have to do more of this,” he said with a small smile, going in for another kiss.
That brought the other alpha up short. “You?” he repeated, letting go of Dean, and for the first time, he seemed to question Dean’s presence here. “What are you doing here in the middle of the night?”
The slick coating his cock felt amazing and Dean drove in harder, imagining it was the omega’s asshole he was sliding in and out of.
The fact that Cas had gotten through the encounter without a meltdown was testament to the fact that the scent therapy was working.
They were quiet for a while. Castiel had some re-evaluating to do, too. A hunter with morals. Could such a thing exist? He had only ever heard horror stories growing up. Little witches learned early on that their natural enemies were hunters. They were the most dangerous predators out there.
Gabriel was laughing at his own joke and Cas waited for him to fall silent again before he said, a bit petulantly, “I’m fine with alphas as long as they’re not in a pack. I can deal with them one by one in a professional manner.”
What followed was a strange game of who could hold out longer. Dean’s goal was to get Castiel to beg him to fuck him, while Castiel needed to get Dean to give in to his alpha urges first.
“Don’t worry ’bout it.” Dean’s voice was still a bit scratchy from sleep. “Had to happen sooner or later.”
The bells above the entrance to Castiel’s little magic shop jingled, and Castiel hid a smile, his back still turned as he adjusted the self-refilling bird feeder.
“Okay, here, let me…” Impala said and the next thing he knew, the alpha was kissing his omega on screen right there on the secret path.
The hug went on for a little too long, but Dean was absolutely okay with that since it gave him the opportunity to scent Cas one last time.
The urge to take Cas’ face between his hands and plant one on him had only become stronger the more he got to know that independent omega who didn’t just roll over and give up, but had the balls to go through with Sam’s ridiculous (and admittedly genius) idea.
scented him—it wasn’t like his nose had so much as touched Castiel’s neck. But it had seemed like he had gotten…
“I… what?” Cas squinted at him, trying to figure out what he was suggesting. He was usually quite good at understanding Dean’s crazy plans, but this time, the alpha didn’t make much sense.
Ever since Castiel had mentioned how difficult it was for him to figure out people’s emotions without his sense of smell, Dean had started narrating his scent—or at least the feelings, so that Castiel knew what was going on.
close to figuring out Dean’s scent, too. The more intimate they became, the more Castiel could feel the scent, taste it… not yet
Testing out that theory, he used his newly acquired flirting skills to proposition Dean, “Do you want to have intercourse with me?”
“I think we should make it look like a bite of passion,” Dean said as he joined Cas in the bed again.
“Emotionally, we have to be close to the person we’re cuddling in order to feed on their cuddle energy,” Cas went on. “And while Balthazar and I were friends—you and I, we’re… we’re
Plus, everyone knew that enhancers could mess with your scent, so maybe the fact that he didn’t much care for Jimmy’s scent was actually due to those enhancers.
Thanks so much to all of my commenters for the support on the last chapter! 💖 It really motivated me so that here's the next update already (way too early, I know, I couldn't wait once I had finished it). I hope you like this chapter as well. 😊
Cas tried to imagine Dean’s slightly earthy scent—freshly cut wood and campfire mixed with the subtle scent of a summer night’s breeze—but when the alphas came closer, he picked up on the scent of rut, chasing away any memory of Dean’s calming scent. One of the alphas had to be about to start his rut or maybe he had just come off it.
“So… If you’ve already had some interviews, I guess this isn’t a first come first serve kind of deal?” he asked.
Having Dean’s hands on him only intensified his instincts to… what? Touch the human back? Bare his throat? Ridiculous! He was an angel! He was infinitely more powerful. No reason to show submissive behavior to a human!
But Dean only seemed to understand the submission part of the gesture as he just pushed his cock back into Castiel’s used hole to start the next round, pounding into his abused prostate to fuck another orgasm out of him.
As Cas listened to Dean explain how he came to sign up as an alpha for the fertility ranch, he was more and more convinced that he was the perfect alpha to father his pup. Money wasn’t a factor here. The pup they were hopefully about to make was
Castiel held himself back from feeding off the little contact of Dean’s hand on his arm. Apparently, Dean had completely forgotten about their original ‘no touching’ rule they had lived by for years.
At the end of their last game night before his heat would hit, Castiel knew he needed to bring up the fact that he wouldn’t be able to make it next time. He had put it off so far because it was a rather awkward conversation to have since he didn’t want to come right out and say what was going on (you didn’t just talk about heats with alphas), but he also didn’t want Impala to think he was blowing him off.
He took Cas by the arm, but taken by surprise, his first instinct was to resist. “Where? For how long?”
Castiel blinked his eyes open, a bit disoriented at first. One moment, the pain had been unbearable, the next one, it was gone.
“Fear not,” Castiel tried, and the next moment, Dean lunged forward and plunged the knife into his chest before taking a cautious step back.
Castiel had been out all day searching for objects imbued with magic at a market three towns over. All he had to show for was an old oil lamp that had once been home to a genie. Better than nothing. But there wasn’t much magic left.
Castiel barely had time to say his own name before the doorbell rang two times in quick succession, reminding them that there was still someone not so patiently waiting outside.
Gabe’s visit had made Dean aware that he hadn’t seen his little brother in a while, so he had decided to drive over and come by for an impromptu visit of his own. Apparently, that’s what big brothers did.
For a moment, the only sound filling the room was their panting, breaths slowly returning to normal.
After a while, Dean thought he heard Cas mumble, “Missed this.” But maybe that was just wishful thinking…
Once inside the cave, Bees shifted back to his human form and wow, would you look at that? There was the pup bump, where Dean had fucked his virtual pups into him. Which wasn’t realistic since maybe a couple of hours had passed in game time since Dean’s alpha had shot his load into him—there was no way he should be showing already. But it was still a cool feature.
In hindsight, maybe he shouldn’t have flown right into Dean’s living room. Anyone else probably wouldn’t have thought anything of it, attributed it to a gust of wind maybe. But you simply didn’t mess with a former hunter.
Never one to pass up a chance to kiss that cuddlibus silly, Dean brushed his lips against Cas’ in a feathery light almost-kiss. A few soft kisses followed before he tugged Cas’ bottom lip between his and began sucking on it gently.
The shocked look on Jimmy’s face was answer enough and so Dean spent the next ten minutes trying to teach him how to make his growl sound more dangerous than a kitten’s purr.
to go back into his house three times a day to beat one off, getting all sweaty, even popping a frigging
Castiel blinked at Sam, who didn’t seem to find it strange for a lawyer to suggest fraud. Wait—was that even fraud? Well, Sam should know…
Then there was the time Cas bumbled his way through a sheepish explanation about how there was a bundle of nerve endings that lent itself to be fed on particularly well—which was how his nose ended up buried against Dean’s neck, tickling his scent gland.
The next second, Cas’ legs buckled under him and Dean took a quick step forward to catch him before he went down. Dean had enough sense to close the door before he picked Cas up and carried him to the couch.
Grabbing hold of Cas’ hips, he pounded that ass without mercy until he busted a huge load inside, making sure the hole was filled to capacity before knotting it.
Castiel really didn’t feel like spelling out what should be obvious, so he just sighed and said, “Forget it. I just think we can sleep in our own rooms again.”
He might be a tiny bit drunk. For the third night in a row. Which might not be the most healthy way of dealing with shit, but hey. This was his life.
He needed to focus and think clearly, not let fear control him. Of course, that was easier said than done.
Then he sighed again. There went his plans to get drunk in a bar and get laid. Instead, it seemed like he’d
At this point, he would have said yes to anything as long as it gave him some reprieve from being teased to the brink of sexual despair.
“Nothing.” It had already started. Castiel could feel the prickling sensation spread throughout his body. “I’m being summoned.”
hurt even though logically, he knew that other omegas enjoyed it? That he had never even thought about doing anything with an alpha? Until recently, that was…
“Dean!” whispered Jimmy, who finally stopped trying to hurt him (which he was rather bad at. Alphas in fighting mode usually went right for the necks of their opponents, biting rather than hitting). “There’s someone at my door!”
That needed some getting used to, though, because the angel had no concept of boundaries. For example, he might fly into Dean’s bedroom and watch him sleep, waiting for him to wake up. And then there was the one time he had flown right into Dean’s bathroom when he was just getting out of the shower.
Clearly, something had happened that had left Cas rattled, so Dean just hoped that his scent was reassuring and comforting enough for the omega.
It was losing Dean’s scent little by little, which was making him sad, too, but for tonight, he still had it.
Cas was wearing those sexy reading glasses and had his nose buried in a book, but Dean had picked up on a trick or two and knew how to distract the geeky omega.
Something weird was happening then at the base of his dick. It took another harsh thrust for him to realize what it was. His
“No. Sorry. Keep going. Feels nice.” He probably shouldn’t have said that last part, but Dean didn’t comment on it and instead got back down to business, teasing his mating gland with his tongue and teeth.
That only served to awaken Dean’s chasing instincts, which was a bit strange because these sorts of instincts were supposed to only get activated when in the presence of an omega. But Dean was too busy trying to win this fight to analyze it further.
was the one riding him hard was almost too much and he couldn’t help but palm his dick under the towel, careful not to make a sound.
As it turned out, he didn’t own a laptop, either, which Dean thought was a joke, but apparently, that had been Cas’ serious face. At least, Cas had a TV (at that point, Dean didn’t take anything for granted), and that’s how Dean found himself in Cas’ bedroom for the first time.
It basically boiled down to: if he wanted to sue and take Zachariah to court, he’d lose. But apparently, there had been someone who had wanted to file a lawsuit before, and she had gotten quite a sum of money because Zachariah had wanted to keep it quiet and let people assume that his company was all for equality and omega rights, so they settled out of court.
A better question was: Why was Dean flirting with him in the first place? Cas was a sure thing. Dean didn’t even need to ‘pick him up.’
Castiel had almost made it. He was just about to open the front door when the doorbell rang again and stopped him in his tracks.
“Gotta go,” he said, and added, by way of explanation, “It’ll take me a couple of hours to get home.”
At least the fact that Gabe reacted like this to the idea of Castiel being mated to an alpha made it easier for him to talk about what was really going on. He tried to gloss over some aspects, but Gabe could probably fill in the blanks.
Cas hadn’t had a natural heat since before those drugs had been forced on him for the first time. He should be happy. He had thought the drugs had messed his body up so bad that he’d have lasting effects.
So far, so good. But what Dean only now realized was: Jimmy hadn’t rejected Dean’s perceived advances. He had, in fact, bared his neck and encouraged Dean to keep going, enthusiastically scenting him in return.
Dean occasionally taught classes for omegas at Benny’s gym, mostly to help out Benny, but also to make a few extra bucks.
, he wouldn’t have seen me cheat on my mate. I was just driving around a bit, making sure Baby is doing okay.”
“Anyway.” Zachariah dismissed Sam’s presence to turn to Castiel. “There have been allegations of mating fraud made against you.”
They hadn’t talked about his impromptu mating proposal, which made his alpha feel a bit rejected, but he tried telling himself that it
The woman didn’t say a word. She stretched her hand out towards him, and Castiel was brought to his knees as he felt his magic being pulled out of him.
“You’re incorrigible,” Cas told him, which Dean seemed to take as a compliment. After a beat of silence, Cas added, “Thank you,” trying to convey with his voice and look how much this had meant to him.
Castiel quickly drew a sigil on Dean’s door to ward his room against angels. He wouldn’t want to be summoned again, or have Raphael follow them here.
He smiled a forced smile, paid, and got the hell out of there. At least now, when his rut came, he was totally prepared and would kick this rut’s ass!
“You’re not having sex in there while I’m out here waiting, are you?” Gabe yelled from the kitchen, making both Dean and Cas jump.
That first time, Cas had been a bit stiff, but after a few scenting sessions, he was getting more and more comfortable with Dean.
Impala made some sort of crude joke (at least Castiel assumed it was crude—he didn’t really understand it) and then they just moved right past the awkwardness and continued their adventure, quibbling and joking together like always.
News really did travel fast around the office. Or not news so much as deliberately-told fibs as the case may be.
“As it says right here,” Cas concluded after basically holding a ten minute monologue on the formation and disruption of scent bonds, pointing to a passage in one of the books scattered around them, “We have to stay away from each other until the scent bond is broken, and even then we shouldn’t scent each other anymore or else we could scent-bond
He probably shouldn’t be thinking about his neighbor like that. But the heat was about to really hit him and if his omega wanted to distract himself by thinking about Dean, then who was Cas to deny him? His omega hadn’t craved anything sexual from an alpha in so long, he had forgotten all about the tingly feeling low in his belly that was actually rather nice and that only came when Cas thought about green eyes and tender alpha hands massaging his back.
They had started out by texting while playing the game, but it had quickly become clear that that wasn’t the best option because sometimes, they had to act fast and if they argued over text what they should do, the enemy could use the time to attack. Dean had almost died that way once.
They were in a strange kind of lovers’ embrace here, scenting each other as if that was in any way appropriate for two alphas to be doing. Dean should really put an end to this.
In case the lights were on, Dean would send a quick ‘coming over’ as a warning, or he’d ask ‘u up?’ and a couple minutes later, Jimmy would come by. Their nightly meetings quickly turned to pajama parties because getting dressed just didn’t seem worth it if they just had to walk over the few steps to each other’s houses.
Dean shrugged in a ‘what can you do?’ way that hopefully conveyed that Sam’s presence hadn’t been his idea.
Sure enough, Dean’s fingers returned to his oil glands, tentatively seeking out the leaking nubs and twisting them
Yes! The alpha had interpreted his submissive behavior correctly. The hands retreated, but that was okay because the next second, Dean spread his cheeks wider and a tongue started lapping at his hole.
When Cas was on his stomach, hips and ass raised in the proper presenting position according to his plan, Dean pulled the omega’s ass cheeks apart to get a good look at that cute little hole he was about to fuck.
Following his instincts was dangerous where Cas was concerned because his instincts wanted him to kiss that omega, slip him a little tongue while he was at it, rub himself all over him until he was thoroughly scent-marked.
Since Dean’s posture had been the opposite of a dominant display and Cas wasn’t capable of picking up on his scent, the message had been pretty clear. This was an omega completely at ease, and even if Cas himself didn’t know it yet, his subconscious had let Dean in—had decided to trust him.
“Okay.” That, he could work with. “I got an idea. You know, the senses of smell and taste are directly related. So, if scenting’s not enough…” He trailed off, unsure of how to bring it up. “My alpha has been dying to do this. Maybe that’s what your omega needs, too,” he finally settled on saying.
Having Jimmy underneath him in a submissive position had been his masturbatory fantasy as of late—and in reality, it was even better.
He looked softer asleep, the lines of his face smoothed out, worries left behind in dreams that were no longer plagued by nightmares. Or maybe that was just the soft light making Jimmy’s face look more beautiful still. Dean felt a strange pull to duck down and scent this alpha again—which was ridiculous, of course, because alphas didn’t scent each other.
Dean grinned at both of them widely and counted their expressions as a win. Dean Winchester—1, Angel who got pranked—0.
Dean’s knot inside his ass felt so much better than any of the fake knots ever had, and for the first time, Cas could understand why some omegas complained about fake knots. They really couldn’t hold a candle to an alpha’s knot.
“You were saying?” Jimmy asked and Dean realized that he had kind of been staring at him, which—last time they had looked at each other like that… well, it hadn’t ended well. (Or… it had ended
Every once in a while, he would trade a shirt in for a couple of bottles—and he even got his clothes back, washed and neatly folded. It was a bit strange, but then again
Seemed like the tables had turned and Dean was the one walking in on Sam getting ready for a date. Well, payback was a bitch.
They did mate—but only in the sense that they had sexual intercourse. Again, Dean nibbled on his mating gland some but didn’t bite down hard enough.
“I’m not leaving,” he said, just in case his hug hadn’t been enough of an answer. “Just… give me some time to process all of this.”
Cas immediately slipped his tongue back into Dean’s mouth, continuing where they had left off, massaging each other’s tongues.
“I’m pinching your nipple,” he continued, remembering the feeling when it turned into a hard little nub between his fingers.
“It is probably because they enjoy engaging in carnal activities so much,” Cas mumbled, although that might have been more to himself.
“Yeah, do that.” Any study that suggested the omega lick the alpha’s scent gland during scent therapy should be interesting. “Oh, and next time? Send me a damn text message!”
Was that Anael above him? Unlikely, seeing as she couldn’t move from her pedestal. With another blink of the eye, she was gone, so it had to have been his imagination.
What do you think about the possibility of a nephilim? Not sure if that would even fit into this fic (they still have some other things to take care of) or if it could be an idea for a sequel, but I wanted to hear your thoughts anyway.
He was wallowing in self-pity one evening, so he went to bed early and rearranged the blankets and pillows a bit to fool his alpha into thinking he was preparing a nest for Cas when his cell phone rang.
It was hard to focus on anything else when tingling jolts of pleasure shot down his spine and settled low in his belly. He didn’t even feel embarrassed about pushing his ass back onto Dean’s fingers because the sensation when Dean’s fingers brushed against that spot was the
There was one thing that was a bit unnerving, though (apart from Dean’s question about their mating bond, which this was absolutely not the time for). His knot was aching for… something. Since he didn’t have a lot of experience with popping knots, he didn’t exactly know what to do.
He couldn’t believe that, even though he had kind of made a fool of himself, Jimmy had agreed to do their usual nightly routine thingy. Good thing he had, because Dean’s alpha would have gone nuts if he had thought he’d irreparably damaged their friendship.
Taking him back in between his lips, Cas began sucking leisurely, and—God! How was an alpha supposed to keep still and not fuck that sinful mouth? Of course, there was another hole Dean’s dick wanted to explore. But he didn’t know what the cuddlibus etiquette was here. Maybe mouths on dicks were perfectly acceptable cuddle practices, but assholes were off-limits.
that omega’s slick. Plus, the thought of getting it fresh from the source was an incredible turn-on, so paying more for it seemed fair.
Cas really hated when Gabe was right about something. It didn’t happen a lot, but his brother sure loved gloating when it did. Cas might not tell him just yet...
Dean, always the suave alpha (well, usually, as long as Cas wasn’t concerned), fumbled around a bit until he could slip his fingers under Cas’ pajama shirt so he could stroke his warm, smooth skin.
Cas kept looking at him for another moment, but in the end, Dean totally won the staring contest. Finally, Cas sighed his ‘I know you’re being ridiculous, but I’m humoring you anyway’ sigh and did as he was told.
That was obviously his polite way of asking Dean to leave, so he quickly took a step back. “Yeah, of course, I’ll just…” He pointed over his shoulder towards the door. “See you tomorrow?”
Since Cas was one stubborn cuddlibus, Dean had to come up with a plan to get him to use him as his new go-to guy for touching purposes.
It had felt like Dean was about to do more than play around a little, more than nibble—but that couldn’t be the case, could it?
“Wanna pick up where we left off before the douchebags interrupted us?” Dean asked, a hopeful tone to his voice, which Cas picked up on even though he tried to sound casual. But Cas knew all of Dean’s tells by now.
Dean tried scenting the air some more, but now that the door was closed, the scent was gone too. The memory of the smell alone was enough to drive him crazy, though, and the alpha in him was telling him to go find that omega.
Cas was a very tactile omega who was soaking up all the touches, so that was clearly why Dean was offering them in the first place.
Dean wasn’t really a fan of celibacy, but if Cas was so worried about getting caught in their lie, he might be able to abstain and take care of his urges by himself.
“They have special challenges that can get us all kinds of awesome rewards,” Impala reminded him. “I heard something about unlocking new features if we finish some kind of hidden quest. We gotta play on Saturday, man!”
, so Dean had always wondered if there had been more going on behind Cas’ closed door than innocent cuddling. Maybe a tit-for-tat kind of thing where in exchange for cuddles, Cas had to give Balthazar what he wanted, too.
The omega squinted at the hand and for a moment, it seemed like he wouldn’t take it. But then he did as he said, “I know. I have the interview schedule right here.”
“That just makes me want to pet you and scratch your ears,” Dean said, trying to get a rise out of Jimmy, but Jimmy just squinted at him, so Dean suggested, “Try it with a growl.”
Usually, Castiel would be down in a second. But he wasn’t sure if that was the best idea with the way he was feeling right now. Just hearing Dean’s voice was doing things to his wings, stomach and… heart? Somewhere in his chest area in any case, which felt as if there was not enough air up in heaven.
Another wiggle and Dean grabbed his hips to hold him still before pulling his cock partway out and fucking back in.
Dean to be safe and alive, so he put all his angelic powers behind it. That stupid alpha had put himself in danger just to get Castiel back home.
When the alpha—Matt—touched his thigh, Castiel was starting to think that he was making another human friend. Humans who were friendly towards one another liked to touch each other. But he had no chance to find out if his assertion had been correct because that’s when Dean came back and snarled at the alpha, “Take a hike.”
“God, you smell so good,” he said, scenting the crap out of Cas’ shirt while watching the omega go nuts on Dean’s own shirt.
“Uhm… I don’t need foreplay, I already, I mean, I’m… I just need your… knot… inside of me,” Cas stammered and actually blushed at that, which Dean found incredibly adorable. “That is, if you’re… ready.”
Dean said one night when they were talking on the phone—Castiel wasn’t quite sure why Dean had called this time. The alpha had pretty much just said hello and they had started talking. After a while, Castiel had mentioned off-handedly that Hannah was still reluctant to leave her house, so here Dean was, probably trying to reassure him.
“Yeah, so. Anyway,” Dean said, “I want a rematch. This was obviously too close, it’s hardly conclusive.”
Fishing for information didn’t get him very far with Cas, who pretended like nothing big had happened—like he hadn’t given Dean the best blowjob of his
Once Dean had stepped inside the apartment and the door was closed behind him, Cas was on him again, breathing him in once more. This time, Dean turned his face so that he could scent Cas in return. He quickly found his scent gland and moaned. Cas’ smell was intoxicating. He felt his alpha awaken who really wanted to take this omega.
The pull inside of him tightened. Impala really shouldn’t praise him while he was in heat. Everyone knew that omegas liked their alphas complimenting them, especially when in heat. Of course, Impala wasn’t his alpha, so he probably didn’t think anything of it.
He sped up his thrusts. Someone moaned. First, he thought that it had been Bees, but then he realized that the sound was coming from the game. Their characters were clearly enjoying themselves.
“Now you’re just making shit up,” Dean laughed before burying his nose against Cas’ neck again. Now that he had the implicit permission, he would make the most of it and scent Cas for all he was worth.
Of course, that was rather difficult, seeing as the alpha’s own scent was overpowering. Ignoring it in favor of tracing the magic almost seemed impossible. He gave his best, though.
The only thought that managed to placate him a bit was that the alpha was no doubt still thinking about their encounter in Purgaytory. After all, Dean had used his virgin ass good, and the bite mark on his neck wouldn’t fade anytime soon.
With all the adrenaline still rushing through his body, Cas found he didn’t even care about what Dean’s keen nose was up to now. He was at the end of his rope.
Cas just ignored him and went on, “I’m just curious as to where we stand as far as human relationships go.”
After Hannah left, he sat down as if in trance. Balthazar and Alfie hadn’t deserved an end like this.
When Cas only glared daggers at him, he held up his hands and said, “Hey, you’re the one who told me to find another way to fall asleep.”
His statement was accompanied by an adorable blush that made Dean want to cuddle him some more. He didn’t, of course, since Cas had just told him he didn’t enjoy it.
after they arrive?! You should have gone at home. Or at the very least have the decency to hold it in.”
“You have no idea how long I’ve been dreaming about this!” Dean said before moving on to lick along Jimmy’s neck while he traced patterns into his sensitive skin.
Another day without a text message from Cas went by. Dean’s alpha was getting restless again, only this time for a different reason.
There was always something that meant they’d have to have yet another rematch. Best two out of three turned into best three out of five, and then best five out of nine… Castiel didn’t mind. It meant he got to sleep with Dean over and over, got to kiss him and be kissed by him, got to scent him and be intimate with him and love him because there was
Oh, he was only referring to the mark on Jimmy’s neck. His appetite, which he had temporarily lost, was back, and he took another bite from his burger as he waved Sam and Benny off.
Mistake #2: Cas had been Mike’s possession for too long. He knew his ways. He knew that he backed out of deals all the time. If the deal was that Dean got to live if Cas went back to him quietly, what he actually meant was he’d send someone back for Dean to kill him as a lesson for Cas never to disobey him ever again.
At the end there, Dean did finally catch him, and promptly pulled him into his arms with a triumphant “Gotcha!”
With those words and a last stern look at both Dean and Cas, the police officer walked away, leaving Cas alone with Dean for the first time since they had woken up scenting each other.
Dean spluttered, but was ignored as Gabe went on, “But my buddy told me that you were leaving your mating hormones all over my poor, unsuspecting bro and I can tell you right now: He’s not in any place in his life where that wouldn’t mess with his head. You’re supposed to help him cope, not add on to his neuroses.”
Dean crouched down beside Jimmy, careful to keep his distance in order not to scare him further. “Hey, you’re okay,” he said, trying to go for a soothing tone of voice. “It’s just Benny and me. See?” He motioned towards Benny, who was standing a few feet away, apparently unsure of what to say or do.
wanted to go cuddle-steady, so he nodded and gave Dean a shy smile because being on the receiving end of the alpha’s flirting energy was a bit unnerving and a lot exhilarating, even though Dean obviously didn’t mean it like
Luckily, he didn’t hurt his knot (that would have been a fun trip to the doctor), but he did realize that the slick alone wouldn’t satisfy his alpha for forever. There was nothing quite like knotting a real omega. A fleshlight certainly couldn’t compare to that experience.
half an hour.” His ass was starting to slick like crazy and just talking to Impala was a challenge. After all, you didn’t talk to an alpha during your heat unless said alpha had his knot in your ass. Or was
Cas thought about that for a moment. Then he said, “You are not allowed to blame me if this doesn’t work.”
Of course, that was what rut sex was all about. Not so much about intimacy, but about relieving the sexual tension between an alpha and an omega who were compatible. Not that Castiel was complaining because his omega had never had so much fun with an alpha in bed.
Even though that thought didn’t sit too well with him, Castiel was surprised that his inner alpha was calm and collected on the drive home. They might not have gotten the opportunity for Dean to touch his mating bite, but a few hours in his mate’s presence had done wonders anyway.
Dean sighed. “What do you want me to do here?” he asked, running a hand through his hair. “I can feel how my alpha wants to pounce on you and I… I’ll be in here rubbing my dick raw for the next few days because we have this whole ‘no sex with other people’ rule. So, I really don’t think you can expect me to stay sane while I’m in rut and in bed with my fake
“Shut up,” he mumbled because he had only just realized himself that there was the slight possibility that he wasn’t un-attracted to Jimmy. His friends had no business making fun of him for that.
Dean scenting him like he meant business made the fluttering in his chest travel down to his stomach and then lower still.
Since Dean looked rather pale, Castiel rolled his eyes and took pity on him. The things you did for your accidental mate…
A softly whispered “Dean!” had him pause to look down at Cas, whose eyes were now a fascinating mix between blue and gold.
When Cas just purred contently, Dean realized that he might have to be the one to bring up the more sensitive subject.
Being able to scent it this early in the pregnancy was rather uncommon, but with Dean’s nose pushed right up against Cas’ scent gland, he had a clear advantage here. Plus, it was
Finding himself in the bathroom, he closed the door and sat down on the toilet lid. It smelled like Cas in here, too, but the scent wasn’t as strong, and his ability to think clearly slowly returned.
“Oh, come on!” Dean interrupted that ridiculous accusation. “As if I’d fuck a patient! Give me some credit here!”
As long as Cas made sure to regularly apply the alpha scent, there was no way that Dean would be able to sniff out that he was really an omega.
Castiel wasn’t dead. Of course he wasn’t dead—this wasn’t how he was going to die. As his vision had shown him, he would take a witch blade to the chest. Dean hadn’t stabbed him yet, so he had never been in any real danger.
” he moaned, squeezing his eyes shut in pleasure, no idea what it was he was begging for, but sure that Dean would be the only one who would be able to give it to him.
helpful during his last rut, but of course Amelia had thought the fact that he didn’t want to spend his rut with her was some kind of ‘red flag.’
It took him even longer this time around, but he finally found what he had been looking for in Carmen Porter. She just
They were still half asleep. That’s what it was. It was just a good morning kiss. Alphas should totally be allowed to kiss each other good morning. That was just a healthy sign of friendship.
“Uhm… actually,” Dean interrupted his attempt to get the scenting session started. “Sammy said we could try something else.”
sexiest and snarkiest omega he had ever met—made him pick up the speed and he began pounding into Cas at a ferocious pace, encouraged by Cas’ gasps of “Yes! Dean! Harder!”
Cas was sitting on his bed, hugging a pillow, which he quickly released the second Dean came in, pretending he hadn’t just tried to substitute human (or, well non-human) contact with a pillow. That was one cuddlibus in dire need of some cuddles right there, and Dean was dead set on tricking him into accepting them.
More and more often, he had to remind himself that this wasn’t real. Dean only did that to throw Michael off the scent.
behind. The nightmares had all but stopped, and he was pretty sure that he had a certain alpha to thank for that.
Cas finally looked over at Dean and tried to silently communicate to him with his eyes that Sam and Benny might find this kind of behavior strange. When their eyes met, Dean just smiled at him—the kind of smile Cas himself had tried to avoid at all costs. Dean might think he was being all stealthy and sneaky, but he really wasn’t.
Gabe had brought in the most powerful alpha scent. Everything in him screamed ‘compatible alpha.’ Not only that, but the alpha whose scent was clinging to Gabe was clearly in rut.
But now that there were no heat hormones to guide him, Cas still felt insecure about how to ask for things he wanted. He wanted
Castiel didn’t know how or when exactly, but his plan slowly changed from ‘somehow surviving the next six to seven months’ to ‘enjoying his new life in Kansas.’
He even typed multiple messages himself, but he always erased them before he sent any of them, and put the phone away again. Cas had chosen a fertility ranch for a reason. He wanted a pup
He already regretted bringing the bartender home when they stumbled into his bedroom late at night. But they were already ripping each other’s clothes off, so it seemed like this one-night stand was happening.
Closing his eyes, he let Dean’s scent engulf him, the alpha’s hand on his hip a warm and welcome weight grounding him.
Dean’s movements became more erratic, he was fucking into Castiel more roughly, and then the most amazing thing happened. He could feel Dean shooting hot and dirty inside of him, and at the same time, an explosion of scents erupted around him.
“But I thought we lifted the curse.” Castiel was staring at Dean’s (regrettably fully-clothed) crotch in the hope that what Dean had told him would suddenly make sense.
“Shut up,” the alpha mumbled, even though Castiel hadn’t said anything. “Rut sickness makes you do the craziest things.”
The first time, it had just been a little bit of fun because he had just met this omega who was hot as hell and smelled awesome, and nibbling on his mating gland had seemed like a great idea.
While everyone took position, hiding behind various pillars, Castiel fumbled around for his witch blade. It was still there, tucked away in the inside pocket of his coat. No one would take it from him. No one would stab him with it today.
Dean didn’t get to finish his question because at that moment, Jimmy’s cell phone went off. He fumbled it out of his pants pocket and Dean saw the name ‘Balthazar’ flash across the screen.
. It just didn’t seem to be appropriate for one-night stands. Maybe he should have thought of that when he had answered the ad…
Of course, that’s when Cas’ cell phone buzzed with a message, and as angry as he was at Balthazar, he couldn’t ignore the rule that said he always had to answer his cell. He was breaking enough rules as it was.
This time, he probably deserved it for having made fun of the alpha when his game character had gone into rut. But
“I didn’t.” Dean finally seemed to have found his voice again. “He is just bringing me my thing.” To Castiel, he added, “Did you bring the thing?”
Wallowing in self-pity wasn’t something he liked to focus on, though, so instead, it was time to come up with solutions to the problem.
There will most likely be more in this universe. I'm just not sure yet if it'll be in form of a sequel or just a oneshot follow-up set in the same universe (for example when they get mated). So, what are some other aspects you'd like to see in this universe?
Cas didn’t look at him when he started talking, but his fingers were still intertwined with Dean’s, which Dean took as a good sign. Partway through his story, Cas had to stop talking to scent Dean before he could go on. Even though Dean supposed his scent had to have turned angry by then, Cas didn’t seem to mind, that’s how safe he felt with him.
“I can guarantee that you won’t find a better omega than me,” he told Dean, whose eyebrows went up at that, and Castiel quickly clarified, “Than I can find for you. But I can put your file to the back of the pile and give you some time to find the omega you think suits you best. Pray to me if you change your mind.”
The opportunity presented itself during their next training session. Dean was panting heavily by the time he had Jimmy pinned—the other alpha had gotten
“You know, scolding works a lot better when you’re not cuddle-scenting me,” Dean retorted, but he stroked over his back regardless, offering the kind of touches Castiel had longed for. The kind that made something inside his chest do somersaults. The kind that made him think he could survive this angelic heat after all. The kind that made him forget all about Raphael and Uriel and made him just want to have Dean keep touching him.
The alpha was now moaning unashamedly, managing between pants, “Yes!” and “Harder!” and, best of all, “
“What, you want me to sing a lullaby?” He chuckled because obviously, that wasn’t what Cas had meant.
He encouraged Dean by tipping his head to the side, which never failed to get the alpha excited. And that was another thing—Cas loved the prickling feeling of anticipation that rushed through him whenever they made each other excited. When Dean’s hand underneath his shirt would find a nipple and tease it into aroused hardness, or when he would feel Dean’s desire through his pants, hard and strong, against his hip or lower belly.
It was just his luck that Dean came back right when he had all of his herbs and potions dancing in the air so that he could clean the shelves (or rather have a piece of cloth do it for him while he was flipping through ‘The Wicca’).
Once more, Cas bared his neck and this time when Dean took him up on the offer and started nibbling, there was intent behind it that made Cas’ omega weak in the knees.
Still, Dean was relieved and a little bit pleased that the omega had immediately thought of him when he had needed help. Seemed like Jimmy trusted him after all.
They didn’t have to wait long. Castiel could feel her presence before she even materialized in front of Hannah, arm outstretched just like last time.
Castiel used the time to try and find a better position, but the wooden chair was probably uncomfortable for a reason (another intimidation tactic, no doubt), so he gave up on that endeavor and decided to look at Zachariah expectantly instead.
When it was over, Dean licked the mating bite with broad strokes of the tongue, and Cas could feel tears pricking at the corners of his eyes.
what he had been feeling—he had found a new grooming buddy in Dean. His wings had simply told him that they wanted
It was obvious that Dean wasn’t used to losing a fight. He grumbled and tried to twist free, and finally, when Castiel wasn’t letting him up, said, “You cheated.”
He also made sure to take Cas on fun dates as often as possible, and it was on one of those dates when it hit him.
Stupid mating bond, making his poor heart stumble and contract in a way that couldn’t possibly be healthy.
But that didn’t matter right now because he took Dean up on the invitation for a hug that quickly turned into a kiss because that was just the best medicine to mend a broken heart.
As long as Cas didn’t start dating Mick. Or that Crowley dude from work. He always complained about him, but maybe there was some sexual tension there that they’d resolve with hate sex.
It was nerve-racking and exhilarating at the same time. Never had he been in such a vulnerable position in the presence of an alpha before, without the ability to smell to reassure him of the alpha’s intentions.
Problem was, Castiel wasn’t the best at flirting because it required subtlety, wordplay, and specific facial expressions he didn’t understand. But he had to be getting better at it because, over the next few days, he managed to get Dean into bed with him whenever he wanted to.
As soon as he had spoken those words, Dean was on him again, kissing him deeply and pushing him down into the cushions. Finally. Convincing an alpha in rut to have sex with you shouldn’t be
So, instead, he started anew, “The point is, the curse didn’t keep you from getting… erect in my vision. Therefore, you’ll be fine.”
“So, when’s your pregnancy heat due?” Dean asked after they’d been driving in silence for a few minutes.
“Yeah, sounds like a plan,” Dean said, shrugging casually as to not make Cas aware of how excited he was to be (and stay) scent-bonded to the omega.
“Fine,” Gabe grumbled and pulled a few empty bottles out of his pockets. “At least try to fill up three or four bottles,” he said as he handed them over.
! From the scent of it, the other alpha was just as aroused by the turn of events. He held Castiel down with one hand while the other was prepping his hole, quick and efficient.
Castiel felt his face heat up despite himself. This was the first time an alpha was touching him there. He had been so fixated on his career that he hadn’t had time for anything else—like getting to know an alpha well enough to let him touch his mating gland.
Making sure the alpha didn’t get any ideas when he saw them, Cas went to the bedpost and tried to get rid of them. He just wanted the alpha to get him with pup, not do anything weird in the bedroom. But—damn! He didn’t manage to get those stupid handcuffs open!
He delivered a few more thrusts because this was how it was supposed to be—Cas’ soft, velvety asshole gripping his naked cock and clenching around his shaft, their mixed juices making slurping noises with each thrust.
“Okay, we don’t have much time till he figures out that article 37c doesn’t exist.” Sam was all business. “Here’s what we’re going to do. Mating bites don’t always take. I read about this couple that thought they had been mated for, like, thirty years, only to find out that the initial mating bite hadn’t actually taken effect. You’ll just act all surprised when the doctor tells you that you aren’t mated and we can pass it off as a mating bite that hasn’t taken.”
So, the next time he had Cas on his back, legs up and spread wide apart so that Dean’s cock had easy access to his hole, he deliberately grazed the base of Cas’ dick from time to time. Not in a gay way, mind you. He was just checking to see if Cas’ knot would form again. Out of scientific curiosity.
He managed to say hello while his eyes involuntarily drifted down to the alpha’s cock, hanging heavy between his legs.
in a battle between the northern pack and the city of Baleah. (As he had told Dean later, the game wouldn’t let him use the name ‘beesareimportantforourecosystem’ on the grounds that it was too long.)
—and then, it happened. He finally figured out why he hadn’t been able to find the perfect mate for Anna Milton.
. You know, an alpha and an omega getting nasty? When the alpha mounts the omega and pounds his ass?”
Now that they had both found sexual relief, they were in need of some serious cuddle time. Lying together in their nest, limbs intertwined, fingers ghosting over naked skin was just what he needed to settle his omega.
smelled nice enough. Not irresistible or ‘have to have him now,’ but like… omega and slick, which was familiar and… not confusing and it made Dean hard enough so that he should be able to go through with this.
Still, the fact that he had woken up fondling Cas in his sleep had been kind of awkward, so Dean had made for a quick exit, without even asking for the money. Taking money from Cas for getting the best night’s sleep of his
The alpha rolled his eyes and kissed him again. This kiss wasn’t any more heated, though, it was still gentle, their lips lightly touching, not exactly the kind of kiss Dean usually used to seduce him into rolling over and presenting.
Another grunt from the alpha underneath him. Oh yeah, he was about to experience what getting fucked by a real alpha felt like. He’d better get used to it because Dean was nowhere near done defiling his little hole.
had been the one who had just gotten his ass reamed, and then he left the living room, lights turning off again.
Dean was proud to note that it took him less than a minute for Cas to put his book down on the nightstand and take his reading glasses off so that he could reciprocate the scenting.
“I’m… not.” Once more, being able to smell would have been very helpful. The alpha’s behavior was confusing, to say the least (why would he be kidding about who he was?), and picking up on his emotions via his scent could have cleared things up. As it was, Castiel was at a loss for what to do.
Instead of recoiling, Cas rolled his eyes as if Dean was just being silly, and went right back to scenting, mumbling, “Don’t be ridiculous. I know what rut smells like. Depravity and filth.
“You’ve got something there,” Dean said and reached right over to wipe it away with his thumb, as if this was no big deal. It probably wasn’t, for him. As best friends, they didn’t have a lot of boundaries as far as touching was concerned, and Dean never had any qualms about doing something that would be considered crossing a line if it were anyone but them.
“Of course it was.” That much should have been obvious from the way he had begged for Dean to fuck him deeper. His powerful orgasms might have been a clue as well.
His cock, which had to make do with Dean’s hand for so long, finally found Cas’ hole, and Dean pushed up to bury his full length inside the omega’s wet channel.
He was pregnant, so he was absolutely allowed to curl up on the couch with a tub of ice cream and scent Dean’s shirt that had ‘accidentally’ ended up in his suitcase.
Ever since he had started his rut, they hadn’t been able to hang out at night. But there was really nothing Dean could do about it. They’d have to wait for Jimmy to finish his rut before they could snuggle… uhm,
“We don’t feed on sex the same way incubi do. But we can feed on the part of sexual intercourse where two partners who care deeply for one another touch and cuddle while… being connected.”
Charlie knew him too well. While Dean didn’t like to have heat sex with omegas, heat porn was something he was intimately familiar with.
Then he left the office. Castiel, whose back had been ramrod straight ever since Zachariah had entered his office, slumped back in his chair.
“Hey, I get it. This sucks. We’re only just getting started, and yeah, you might need some patience, but this scent therapy works. There’ve been studies and shit, and my brother wouldn’t have recommended it if he didn’t expect results.”
Time to implement phase 3. He slipped his thumb underneath Cas’ pajama shirt so that he could rub circles into his skin, feather-light touches to his hip that had Cas undulating against him. At the same time, his mouth traveled from Cas’ mating gland to his jaw and then lips so that he could press soft, open-mouthed kisses against them.
“Stressful,” Cas replied on a sigh. He obviously hadn’t picked up on the fact that it had been a joke.
“Different?” Dean repeated, but Cas was busy trying to figure out why Dean was smelling so delicious today.
Dean took off his jacket and looked around for somewhere to put it. Cas’ apartment was very homey. Although, that might be because the whole place smelled like him. Dean couldn’t believe he was getting paid to hang out in the best-smelling place on Earth.
To everyone who isn’t a dick: It’s been a while since I posted a smutty oneshot, so I hope you enjoyed this one!
Now that their scents were overpowered by whatever disgusting scent Gabe had used to spray them with, the alpha seemed a bit embarrassed.
His moans got louder and louder, which was the sexiest thing, and Dean gripped his hips hard and buried himself to the hilt just in time to coat the omega’s insides with his spunk once more.
His alpha now completely satisfied, Dean could snuggle Cas, let the omega get some rest before the next round. After all, his alpha would make sure to get as much sex out of this omega as possible.
Only, when he opened the door, there was no neighbor in front of it, but a policeman in uniform who was holding a cell phone to his ear.
“Hello, Dean.” Now that he had woken the alpha up in the middle of the night, he really didn’t know what to say. After all, he couldn’t very well tell him that he had just wanted to hear his voice after waking up from a nightmare. How pathetic was that?
Dean even invited Cas over for a free massage, but getting naked in front of the hottest alpha on earth didn’t sound like something Cas would enjoy, so he said something like “Sure, sometime…” without the intention of following through.
He just hoped that once they had figured out how to break that bond between them, they could still have the occasional alpha fight. Cas might very well be the best lay he’d ever had and Dean wasn’t quite ready to give that up.
Instead, Cas said, way too formal, belying his nervous scent, “I am sorry I made you uncomfortable this morning.”
Well, he wouldn’t be able to avoid getting dirty now. At the very least, there’d be a load of Dean’s spunk in his asshole after they were finished.
That turned out to get more difficult by the day, especially when Dean woke up to his sleeping scent-bond partner suckling on his mating gland. Dean used to push omegas who got too handsy with his mating gland away. They would usually try to get a taste of it during sex or shortly after, during their post-orgasmic bliss, which was an instant turn-off for Dean.
Dean shook his head, grinning despite himself. Seemed like Cas hadn’t figured out the human convention of goodbyes either. Dean would have to teach him all about it on his next visit.
“You coming?” he asked when Dean just stood there, shirtless, since he had been in the process of putting on his pajama shirt and Cas didn’t understand the concept of knocking.
Unfortunately, Benny had no sense of decorum and once Jimmy was in his seat again, he just motioned towards the bite mark with his beer bottle and said, a slight smirk on his face, “So, we hear Dean is responsible for that.”
Finally, he was making progress! He knew that humans liked to give each other gifts as signs of affection. It seemed like he wasn’t half bad at making human friends after all.
The bite on his neck made him feel connected to Dean in a weird way, and every time the alpha touched it with gentle fingers or kissed it affectionately, an electric shock went through him, and the longing to be Dean’s real mate grew.
“I also remember telling you to stay away from him,” Balthazar grumbled. Then he got up. Before he left, he told Cas, “Give me a call if he makes advances towards you.”
an alpha’s cock to make it better. But for whatever reason, that alpha’s cock in his ass hurt almost as bad as the cramps themselves.
This time, Castiel knew just what to search for, and soon enough he picked up on that alpha element he had smelled before. Now all he had to do was dig a little deeper. Maybe Dean stroking his hip ever so softly would help.
Yet, other urges overcame Dean and he leaned down again to nibble along Jimmy’s neck more insistently.
He was slamming his cock into the omega with such force that the condom ripped. Just then, Cas convulsed around him as he orgasmed, and Dean couldn’t have pulled out if he had tried. He tightened his grip on Cas’ hips and spilled into him, pumping him full of his spunk.
Suddenly, the omega looked up and his eyes instinctively landed on Dean, who gave him a casual wave and wandered over.
Cas lowered his eyes at that, which made Dean feel satisfied for all of two seconds before he regretted making his omega sad.
But Dean had gotten to know Cas quite well over the last few weeks, which was why he could say with certainty that the innocent act was not an act at all. Cas really did not know he was sending ‘hey, wanna play with me?’ signals.
“So, how does this ‘scenting’ relationship work?” Gabe asked, his eyes flitting from Cas to Dean. “Night’s over, you go on your merry way, right?”
In an attempt to keep his omega in check, he closed his eyes, but that only made it worse. Now, he had nothing else to focus on but the feeling of Dean’s soft lips and tongue on his mating gland, which made it tingle in an unfamiliar way.
From then on, Dean made sure that at the end of their appointments, when Cas handed him the money, he would casually brush across his wrists—easily mistaken for an accident—and when leaning around Cas to get his jacket, he would ‘accidentally’ brush his scent gland against Cas’.
Plus, Cas had mentioned that grooming was intimate, but not sexual. Dean’s alpha instincts had just overcome him with that scent that had clouded his judgment and those wings, and the sounds Cas had made…
There was something about this alpha’s voice… Or maybe it had something to do with the fact that Castiel hadn’t been intimate with an alpha in such a long time… In any case, that something, whatever it was, made him say, “Of course I’ll send someone. It shouldn’t take longer than twenty minutes.”
By the time he got home, Sam had sent him the link and Dean could start reading about the best scenting positions and techniques according to Doctor Renée Dubois’ latest findings.
Sam gave Dean a funny look, then. Maybe he wasn’t okay with just giving away priceless books from their collection, so Castiel quickly said, “I couldn’t possibly accept that,” and put it away again.
kind of reaction anyway. Alphas did not like omegas running away from them, period. With any luck, he might have piqued Dean’s interest one way or another.
Fighting his way out of the bushes, he was looking over his shoulder, trying to see if they had already made it inside—and ran right into someone’s arms.
This was ridiculous! They were about to spend his heat together with the intention of making a pup! He shouldn’t get flustered because of a simple compliment about his scent!
Castiel wasn’t the only one whose knot was forming. The alpha’s knot was being pushed against his hole with each thrust as Castiel continued to urge him on and beg for more, even though he had no idea what it was he was begging for.
