“Fancy a stroll?”
Sherlock didn’t trust himself to speak; he was trying, and failing, to gauge John’s mood.
I decided I would have to take the conversational lead here (again) (typical). I took a deep breath, and said the first thing that came into my head:
say that? And who the hell is going to be driving down—there’s one cabin up there, Sherlock,
made a terrible mistake.” In the distraction of what had happened between her and Sherlock, she’d forgotten to tell Mycroft about the threat they’d discovered in the morgue.
Sherlock felt sick. “What did you do to her, Mycroft?”
Sherlock gave him a disgusted look. “Absolutely not. That road is impossible to navigate, even for the best of drivers.”
They eyed each other for a moment, and Sherlock finally gave in. “I apologize."
“Yes…” said the man, opening the door a little more. “What’s this about?”
It turned out to be a lovely day at the beach, and Sherlock had bought a fresh bottle of sunscreen just in case. He lathered it on Anna, then sat patiently as she used it to draw on his back. “Am I to have flower-shaped tan lines, then?” he asked, annoyed. “Little hearts and butterflies all over me?”
The Detective Inspector held his mouth in a tight, thin line, and inclined his head. “Sergeant,” he greeted, in return.
“Really? I’m in need of some advice.”
“Go,” I said, feeling very strange.
I was sure of which of my parents I wanted to see. My mother would be the one to give me the advice I needed. The subject was a delicate one, but I needed to face the cold hard truth of it. I’d already indulged too much in sentiment, which is how I’d got in this position in the first place. I had no need to sit with my head on my dad’s shoulder for a bit first. But I hadn’t announced I was coming so I was going to get what I’d get when I walked in the door.
He saw John, once. It was nearly two years later, Sherlock was in the middle of the city attempting to hail a cab by jumping in front of it—he had somewhere he needed to be for a case, some epiphany had struck him and he had to get to wherever it wanted to lead him—and he’d flung open the door and froze as John’s wide eyes stared at him from the back seat. He’d blinked once, shut the door, and walked calmly back down the street to hail the next one.
“We just thought you should know,” she continued, ignoring his expression, “that someone should tell you. As his parents, we just want you to be… aware.” Protective now, Sherlock’s mother chose her words carefully. “To go easy on him. To be understanding.”
I stopped searching and looked at him. “Completely?”
Sherlock lost consciousness at some point on the way back to land, so he wasn’t aware that John, small and slight as he was now, carried him off the boat as soon as they’d hit shore; that Anna had run to the nearest person she could find, pleading with him to call an ambulance; that before the ambulance had arrived, John made Anna put as much weight as she could into Sherlock’s shoulder while he performed chest compressions to keep his heart going; that John had shoved a gun into the faces of the paramedics to make them agree to him and Anna riding in the back of the ambulance; that John held Anna’s face to his chest as the paramedics ripped open Sherlock’s shirt and attached monitoring and breathing apparatuses to his body; that John was arrested as soon as he stepped off the ambulance, Anna screaming at the police, John telling her to go into the hospital, that everything was going to be alright; that Anna stayed awake through the hours Sherlock was on the operating table, alone and afraid; that she actually hugged and
’” she said, hollowly. “
I pushed my tongue between my teeth. This was getting tricky. I was basing the fake person off of John but I didn’t want John to think it was him. He was fairly stupid, but it wouldn’t last forever. “I met him at uni, we were in organic chemistry together. A cliché, I know.” I rolled my eyes, pressing my hands together under my chin. “We were partners for our term project. That’s when it happened.”
“But you didn’t.”
Why hadn’t I thought of that? The timid virgin. It was absolutely perfect. “I don’t want to disappoint you,” I said, feigning guilt.
,” John told him, his face reddening. “We’re… that’s what people do when they’re…
of here, Sherlock!” Sherlock had gotten John to agree to the “fresh air” aspect of it, had led him down the hall past a nurse who was standing behind the counter, waiting, ready to sneak into Mary’s room and do the proper tests as soon as John was gone. Sherlock gave her a wink as they passed, and she grinned with relief, scurrying into the room as they rounded the corner and went out the door). There was a park nearby, nothing fancy, just a simple grass-and-tree landscape with a winding gravel path throughout. They followed it around and around, the cool spring air refreshing them both.
John took a drink of tea to wash down the rest of his supper and felt much better. He’d won some sort of battle within himself and proved that he was a different man after all and not the man Sherlock came here to find. He almost felt a little sad for Sherlock to have come all this way for nothing. Almost.
, at some point in his life, John had been a naïve teenage girl.
Sherlock un-steepled his fingers and stood up. “I’ll take the case,” he said.
Anna seemed to know she was being spoken of, and met Harry’s stare with a tentative one of her own.
John was also staring open-mouthed, at the sight of Molly in Sherlock’s shirt.
“How. How could you—“ John followed behind me, so angry now that he’d starting taking his typical digestive pauses between words. “
“Yow!” he yelped, hopping back. That was bloody
) standing next to a table, a half-naked girl bent over it, covered in bruises—before Teresa Carruthers snarled and drew a sharp knife from her pocket. She advanced toward him, ready to pounce—she sprang—she leapt—
“She’s fiercely loyal.” Sherlock spoke quietly. “She’ll do anything for the people she loves.”
John blinked at him. “What?”
Finally, Sherlock’s arms had tired and he’d brought Anna down to his lap, where she promptly fell asleep with her mouth wide open, snoring like an old man. John had laughed at Sherlock’s incredulity. “I suppose it’s bedtime,” he’d said, and carefully picked up his daughter to take her to her room.
But then Molly slid her hand down, down, and
John felt as if he’d been slapped across the face.
“Still got it,” Lestrade murmured, taking another sip of his coffee.
, that’s the whole fucking point, that’s what you don’t understand—“
“I will. And John?”
Sherlock doubled over, the wind completely knocked out of him. In a flash the wife crossed the room to unlock his shackles from the wall. Still incapacitated from the punch, Sherlock felt Carruthers grab the back of his shirt and drag him over to the bolted-down table, slamming his torso on top, chest-first.
Sherlock turned in his seat. “Just come to the crime scenes with me, I’ll be needing a medical opinion—“
Lestrade knocked a couple of times and pushed in the rest of the way in, into what appeared to be a large bathroom.
Sherlock blinked, in shock. Was it really them? How were they here? They must have come home early… but why were they
“You’re the one who said you loved me,” John accused, his lips growing thin. “Don’t blame this on me.”
“See?” said Sherlock. “I know you’re sleeping with Mary, too, and I don’t care.” He
They got out of the cab, Sherlock paid the driver, and in thirty seconds they were inside the building, Sherlock’s keys jangling back into his pocket. “I can’t believe they finally gave you a key,” John said. “How the hell did you convince them?”
“That you loved him!” John was verging on hysterics. “Did you ever say anything
to go!” she whined in her high-pitched, little-girl voice. Mrs. Hudson’s eyes flickered to her and back to Sherlock.
“Well, we’re through,” proclaimed Mycroft, jolting Sherlock out of his reverie. He strode down the hall to where Sherlock was sitting.
I had seen them, and I did know that. I had been desperately searching for something to say that had to do with the case. “I wanted to make sure you were paying attention.” I recovered, lamely.
Mycroft attempted to look indifferent and righteous. “Sherlock—“ he began, but Sherlock already had him up against the wall, his hands around Mycroft’s neck.
“Be there in thirty,” I replied, and hung up.
Everything that Sherlock or Mycroft or Molly or Mrs. Hudson or anyone had ever said about Mary Watson rushed through her head. It didn’t take long, because there wasn’t much, but what did stick out was one word, and Anna held it in her mind, told herself not to forget it.
“Sorry, no sugar,” said John as he stirred the onions with a wooden spoon. “There’s a little honey left in the jar above the fridge.” He nodded to it and Sherlock looked over. John had lost two bee colonies this year but he still had enough to produce the little honey he used. It was worrisome though that the bees were dying, not because he liked honey on his toast from time to time but because he needed the bees to pollinate his garden. It was an epidemic due to disease and pesticide and John thought he could avoid it out here in the woods, but perhaps he was not far enough away still.
John gave him a nod and stood up and headed for the bathroom. “Towels are here,” he pointed to the shelf. “You’ll get about ten minutes of hot water, so just keep that in mind.”
“John.” Mary’s voice softened and she put her hands on either side of his face. “We left that life behind, you and I. We can’t go back to it. Not now… not when we have a
He blanched internally.
Mrs. Hudson’s glare suddenly became a twinkle. “Oh love,” she said, chuckling again and turning back to the sink. “I’ve got
Whew, it's finally complete!
“Of course, his whole ‘sociopath’ routine fell apart when he met you, John,” Sherlock’s mother said, smiling (if a little slyly) and watching for John’s reaction. "He became very much attached to you, didn't he?"
Even if he was attracted to men, to want Sherlock… in that way…
John had only meant to embrace him when he started walking. Sherlock was four strides away but after two John had known he was going to kiss him instead. The last two strides were spent readying his hands to move to Sherlock’s face so that he could adequately pull him down and press their lips fully together. He did it and he could taste the saline on Sherlock’s lips and could feel the tears on his cheeks and wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth as Sherlock opened it to him, and oh, this was something John had not dared think about in many years. In fact he had not thought of it at all since those first few months after Sherlock had jumped from Bart’s and John had realized that he had been in love with him. Sherlock might have destroyed him or he might have saved him or he might have done both, one and then the other, again and again. It didn’t matter either way and there was no point in trying to understand it. John had spent endless time trying and it had never got him much of anywhere.
“Happy New Year, love,” John said back, and they made a big, loud show of kissing each other for their young daughter.
Carruthers’ face lit up at the name, and his eyes grew hopeful. “Has there been word from her? Has she been found?”
John cocked the gun. “I’m not the police.”
might be aroused by it. In fact, until last night, he hadn’t had a sexual dream in probably… well, probably a decade.
John snorted. “Tired of classical?”
John’s grin showed all his teeth. He stepped towards me and slid his arms around my waist. “Yes, now.”
. Nowhere in the plan had it provisioned for Anna to kill anyone. She’d done that on her own.
But he didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence; in the next breath Sherlock had him up against the nearest wall, their mouths locked together in a kiss.
Sherlock thought.
. John waded through the press, the police, the EMTs.
“Mr. Holmes,” the Major replied, equally polite and unenthusiastic.
“No, no, Violet was perfectly happy,” said Mrs. Smith, wiping her eyes with the corners of the wound-up kerchief. “She wasn’t even living at home, she was at uni.”
he was to another person; he hadn’t had any sort of closeness in several months. When John had died, there was Anna to temper the isolation, and she’d done it well—in some ways, it had almost been like having John in the flat again, except better, because there was no threat of her leaving if Sherlock made a mess of things. She accepted him, totally and completely, because that was all she’d ever known. She’d always forgive his transgressions. She was his family.
“I’m going to ask you some very personal questions,” she said, suddenly quite serious. “Would you like John to leave the room?”
Every blowjob John could remember getting, all from women, had been dirty, depraved—rather porny, to be crude. This, however, was anything but; it was simply a physical expression of closeness. Sherlock wrapped his hands round John’s bum and pulled his body deeper into his mouth, licking and sucking John’s prick with finesse, with firm, thorough movements, slowly and deliberately. John moaned aloud as he watched it happening, running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair over and over, chanting, “I love you, I love you, oh God, oh yes, yes,
“In fact,” said Ella, “you’re afraid that he will leave again.”
over and over, which was another thing John hadn’t been keen on hearing in his relationships and especially during sex but with Sherlock he wanted it and wanted it more.
Sherlock sat up, listening. He heard some movement coming from Anna’s room upstairs, and then music started playing from her speakers. Sherlock got up from the couch and climbed to the next floor. “Anna?” he called, knocking on her door before he opened it.
have been paying attention. The very first time they’d gone to dinner together, at Angelo’s, John had all but point-blank asked him if he was gay or straight, and Sherlock had given him the “I’m married to my work” line, and that had been the end of it.
But if they just showed up and she was put on the spot, she would agree to it. John would catch hell later on, for putting her in that position, but she would do it. She was too nice not to.
“Christ,” said John, disbelieving it. He turned back to Sherlock again.
It wasn’t though. It wasn’t about sex, or sexual attraction, or love. It was about addiction. I’d become addicted to John, to the praise and awe he demonstrated in my presence, to the way his limited, painfully-obvious thoughts elicited epiphanies in my own, to the thrill of sharing my crime-solving habits with someone else. I’d become addicted, and here it was, to
“Change her nappy?” There was a hint of amusement in the detective’s voice.
“Yes,” I told him, not because I knew what he meant but because I didn’t want him to stop talking. It was a good distraction.
Carruthers’ hands slid under Sherlock’s waist to undo his trousers. He pulled them, and Sherlock’s pants, down just below his arse—as far as they would go, with his legs splayed out like that. Sherlock felt a cold rush of air on his bum, felt the skin prickle with gooseflesh, felt himself begin to tremble. He heard the jingle of a belt and the unmistakable rip of a zip.
“Sherlock, sit down.”
But he did. And he would, again, every night, even, if it meant John would stay.
“Well, they were in love,” said John, and then went silent, as if this was an entire proper explanation.
Anna did as she was told, and the little hatchback roared to life.
Sherlock ignored him, shouting to John instead. “I’m going to get you out of there, John! It’s going to be alright.”
“Woohoo!” Anna hollered, her face full of smiles. “Now Mummy and Uncle Sherlock!”
herself. And she absolutely detests science.” He frowned. “We’re working on that.”
Anna smiled, happy to show off. “Like this!” She reached into the bucket and pullout out a live minnow, after a bit of splashing. “Sometimes they’re slippery, you have to trap them,” she said, teaching him. She brought the minnow over to the flat rock. “Then, you put them down here, and you pop the meat out.” She held the minnow down on the large rock with one hand, still alive and wriggling, then brought down the smaller rock with the other, slamming it at an angle on the fish’s head. To Sherlock’s surprise, a white fillet popped out the other end. Anna picked it up with her sticky, scale-covered hands. “See?”
, he thought.
“Mhmmm…” Sherlock grunted, obviously half asleep.
John grinned at me. Unfortunately enough, I knew what that grin meant, in that moment, in that context. I groaned internally, waiting for it.
red. “This isn’t about me.”
“It’s the dark hair,” she told him, chuckling. “Well, that was one piece of it, anyway. Both my parents are just so…
It was no use. John believed whatever he wanted to believe, regardless of what I told him—or what anyone at all told him, for that matter. It used to be one of his more endearing qualities, back before he became my sexual partner. “Boyfriend,” was what he asked me to call it, at the beginning, when he vocalized all of the things he wanted me to do so that we could be a “normal” couple. Things like calling each other “boyfriends.” And kissing. And holding hands. “Normal couples hold hands, Sherlock,” he told me, one time when we were watching telly.
. I was on fire.
close to coming unglued at the question, but somehow managed to hold his tongue. “I just lost my wife. A
“Yes,” Sherlock said, replacing his current slide with a new one. “But then she would have just listened outside the door.”
John stared at me, and I could hear his breath stall. “What do you mean?”
My brother so kindly translated this definition for me on one of his more unwelcome visits (notice I said “more,” as they are always unwelcome). “So, John Watson has changed your orientation.”
you, to help me bring Anna home.”
“Okay, think about it this way. Why would she give us the clue A.G.R.A.? Why would she tell us
Molly walked over to him and tried to put out her arm to stop him. “Sherlock—“
“Ah, so that was all that banging about?” Sherlock stood up. “Mrs. Hudson, I forbid you from fumigating this flat. Do you know how many experiments I have that will be completely
(John wasn't too keen on being compared to a dog, but he ultimately decided to take it as a compliment).
Sherlock was not in the habit of needing people, but he needed John, far more than he thought he had. He hadn’t realized it until this whole… ordeal. Lestrade had been right, Sherlock
Lestrade blinked. “What?”
“You’re…” she began, her eyes widening. “You’re so
John looked at the ground and shuffled his feet. He took a deep breath. “I wanted to let you know that I’m going to make an appointment to see my therapist again.”
John squinted at Mary’s boat. The spotlight from their own was still shining on it, though just barely, for the other had been steadily pulling away. But he could still see, by the dim light, someone with long, dark hair throwing something rather sparkly over the back. “What the hell is she…”
. John thought about it, supposed he always knew to some degree—even before people “talked,” even before he’d overheard Sherlock’s conversation with Mrs. Hudson, even before Sherlock’s parents had outright told him—
There was a moment of silence on the other end. Then, “I’ll be right over.”
“Ah, Sherlock,” Lestrade began, sitting back in the uncomfortable plastic chair. “Even on your worst day, you are still a better bloody detective than all the pros in England put together. You
Sherlock wrote something down on the notepad at his hand, then readjusted his face back onto the viewer. “My opinion obviously carries no weight in your decision, so why bother asking?” He didn’t wait for John to answer. “I’ll tell you why; you are clearly trying to provoke an angry response from me, one which I have no interest in giving you. So I will choose to remain silent on the matter.” His face was impassive, his demeanor calm.
and Mycroft was horrified (and rightly so) at what that criminal might do with the power of his network behind him, he attempted to rectify his mistake by sending John and Sherlock in to steal it back before the government caught wind that it was missing. But of course, John was “killed” and Moriarty escaped with the key, and with Mary, and try as he might to keep them in his sight, Mycroft lost track of them all. He had to admit to losing the key, and the British government had to give up the Agra treasure as gone for good.
John and Sherlock both stared at her, neither of them wanting to respond. Sherlock leaned forward and murmured into John’s ear. “You
“What?” asked the kneeling guard. “I can’t see.”
“We wait for the signal,” was all the guard said in reply.
“Thank you.” Sherlock sipped the tea through his split lip.
“Tell him he’s wrong,” John spun around and stared forcefully at Sherlock, willing him to play along. “Tell him, Sherlock. You don’t love anyone.”
John would have laughed if he’d been physically able. Instead he half cackled, half-coughed, and squeezed his eyes shut as the soreness in his chest intensified. “As if I would ever do anything for
choose.”
“Oh John, stop that nonsense.”
In weapons training, Anna learned she’d rather fight with a knife than a gun. She was a good shot, but preferred close combat; she was smaller than all of her attackers and found it easy to maneuver quickly into unexpected spaces, taking them by surprise. A knife, too, was much lighter and easier to conceal than a gun—also a bonus for a smaller person. For practice they’d managed to procure a knife with a retractable blade, a “stage knife” used in movies and plays. That way, when Anna stabbed, the victim wouldn’t be wounded.
(and that wasn’t something he allowed himself to dream about very often), he probably would have had a hand in raising her. He hadn’t thought about that, not once in the last six years… had things gone differently, he would have become a sort of father. He thought of Anna’s sharp, smart eyes and the chocolate smeared on her face…
There was no glass.
Always a good way to tire someone and escape in the wake.
He stops suddenly, eyes straight ahead. The hands he has been clutching into fists loosen and Lestrade can see he is touching his wedding ring with his left thumb.
“That’s pharyngitis for you, mate.”
Jim’s hand hovers in front of his eyes and suddenly slaps him across the face.
John grins.
“Boooring.”
“What if there’s another attack?” he asked, sipping his coffee.
Sherlock kissed the corner of his mouth and snickered.
“Vatican cameos!” he orders, and John dives down.
the emergency defence battery? The two of us?”
It could have gone horribly wrong, he realises later. It could have ended with the punch, it could have ended with John leaving him for good and never looking back.
“Not quite."
“Other way, John!”
Shaking his head, Sherlock begins to collect his papers. Jim be damned, he can find his own way back to the dorm.
“Then kiss me! I promise I’ll be quiet,” Sherlock pleads and purses his lips.
“I can predict the fortune cookies,” Sherlock stares at his hand in John’s.
“If we can’t break the ice, we might as well dance on it,” he rattles the bag invitingly in front of Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock looks at the car, then to Jim standing next to him with his hands in his pockets, humming low under his breath.
He was thin, tall, dark, and brooding.
“How can I help you, Sherlock?”
“I’m still here,” John whispers.
He had stood outside last night on his way to the privy. The wind rustling through the leaves, making the trees creak and moan had felt eerie and foreign to him. He wondered how Watson saw them, whether they were a comfort or an annoyance to him.
They never exchange any emails, letters or other paperwork that could be traced back to them, but Sherlock writes each of their encounters into a notebook he keeps separate from the other one he uses to write down details and clues from the cases.
He hates cemeteries. He hasn’t visited one since he went to his mother’s grave the day after her funeral. (Best way to make sure she was actually dead, preferable to actually seeing her dead body in the coffin or on the slab. Always the chance she might open her eyes.) He had spent the previous day and night locked away in his room, head blissfully empty thanks to the cocaine he had procured for the occasion, right after the doctor had walked out of their mother’s hospital room to the hallway where he and Mycroft had been waiting and had informed them, his whole appearance like the white walls of the hospital, that their mother had passed. That’s how Sherlock saw it, the neutral, plastic-like condolences from the doctor who had taken care of their dying mother for months.
“You cancelled the date for me.”
Another staircase, jumping to the street, opposite direction from the taxi (“No, this way, John!”), the adrenaline from the chase pumping in his veins,
On the parking lot, checking the weather report from his phone, John notes that they might get back to London before it starts pouring rain.
“Prick,” John denounces as they walk towards the lobby.
Powered by this, Sherlock clutches at his hand and whispers as he sits down,
“I have already explained the situation in detail to your supervisor, Doctor Watson,” Mr Hartley continued. “He agrees that everything my employer has heard from you is more than true and that he himself could not have thought of a better man for the job.”
The he sighed again and dropped his hands in sign of surrender.
The next morning, his head clearer and his back sore from sleeping on the uncomfortable cot in a cell at New Scotland Yard, a grey-haired Detective Inspector by the name of Lestrade comes in to tell him that he has made bail (from the said DI’s pocket) and he is free to go.
“You’ve been
“It was always too easy for you. The classes, essays. You could have recited any chemical formula without glancing at the book, and the experiments you used to do on Burroughs’ equipment! I’m pretty sure the poor man still has wet dreams about them.”
“I wonder what great magic you have in you to be able to accomplish that.”
“Get off my sheet!” Sherlock growls back.
“Sherlock - fingers - freezing -
“MF2, this is MF1. We hear you. Over,” said an unknown voice.
Irene Adler breaks the tension by starting on the similarities between him and the disguise. He tries to look politely intrigued in turn.
“Well, yes I do. But I don’t know how to do it. They will not take me to the police force and I will not go through years of training in order to get stuck in another vicious wheel of hierarchy where I can’t actually do anything before I’m a sergeant or something.”
The phone by Sherlock's elbow blings.
He stops at the opposite end of the room, straight in line with Sherlock and John and the gun still pointed at him and his mouth that keeps on opening and closing, dropping sounds that form into syllables that form into words Sherlock can’t help but find interesting.
The first time Mrs Hudson hears John scream, it sounds nothing like a little girl being tickled to death and so when she dares to walk up the stairs and to peak her head in to see the boys in their dressing gowns lounging in their chairs reading half a newspaper each, then she asks, quite off-handedly like it is no big deal, whether it’s time for her to put the earplugs she has been saving for the past year to use.
“Firearms.”
Sherlock croaks.
It takes him a while to realise John has actually finally spoken.
Sherlock grasps his hand, the one that is not hanging from a sling.
Even the insults and threats are like from any average Christmas dinner.
Once again when Molly returns, face red from wiping the tears and glowing from the happiness and newly discovered motherhood, Sherlock gives her one of his awkward hugs. Once again Molly has something to ask from him.
“Is that better than being crazy?”
John took his gun and put it in his lap.
“Larger than the crate we accidentally with no fault of mine got stuck in for mere minutes, but if the cause of your claustrophobia is not the lack of space but the lack of doors and windows...”
The attack came out of nowhere.
for once instead of with your genitals?”
He just had to come up with something
, dark, velvety ɫ and the prolonged k the perfect embodiment of an old-fashioned padlock.
At the end of the week, right before the dinner that is to end their visit, John stands in the middle of the huge field opening right outside the Holmes house, wondering how often Sherlock has been running across it during his games. It is a perfect place for a child to explore, vast open space covered in long, whooshing grass. Several tall and old oak trees in the distance, perfect for treehouses and rope ladders which could be pulled up when the big brother came to look for the little one not yet ready to come inside after a day of playing pirate.
His eyes betray him, and John knows that. That’s why he always goes to the eyes first when he tries to look for emotions from Sherlock. He wrote about it on his blog, how hurt and childlike Sherlock looked for a while.
“Text me the address,” Sherlock says, collects himself and John and returns to Baker Street to look for a disguise.
He might yell, or only stutter. He might look away and stare at his feet until Sherlock let him go.
Sherlock stretches his leg to poke his toes against John’s book.
That night, Sherlock stands in the doorway of John’s room, watches him sleep, breathing even and undisturbed even by the hollow creak of the door hinges.
He turned to look at Sherlock.
Mycroft takes in his appearance, sees that he hasn’tslept properly but has woken up and spent the rest of the night writing something (
“Well done, sir,” he said through gritted teeth. “Your brother has obviously prepped you well on who is to accompany you on this mission.”
So she still hasn’t given up, trying to make him leave Baker Street, stay away from the danger that is Sherlock Holmes.
“Because you have sensitive veins, yes yes. You know, I could actually prescribe something for that. Perhaps then I could get the sofa to myself every once in a while.”
Sherlock freezes at that and a light seems to go on over John’s head.
Perkins, who blows himself up when they finally corner him in an abandoned warehouse. Sherlock, way ahead of everyone, disappears round the corner and John, never far behind, barges into the room with his gun drawn just when the explosion shakes the floor.
“For fuck’s sakes, man! I don’t work for the MI6!” Jim bellows.
John knows how much those words hurt Sherlock, have always hurt him. When he doesn’t have the answer, when it takes longer than usual for him to get there. That is why he got attached to cocaine first, then to detective work.
Perkins, who they have been chasing for the past six months, faced three times but who has always escaped. The delusional man who has killed thirty people since the case has started and whose only possible end could be a padded room in a facility in the country. He has gotten under Sherlock’s skin more than any other criminal has after Moriarty, he knows him inside and out, and sometimes John can see the manic glint of a psychopath in Sherlock’s pupils after he has stood in front of the grotesque collage in the sitting room for three days straight.
Victor chuckles softly and moves his first pawn towards inevitable defeat.
He watched John stop at the edge of the wood, stretch his neck to the side and listen to a bird that had begun to sing in the distance. A big one, a stork maybe, and not far away. He watched as John stood motionless in the moss, his senses stretched to their utmost, listening to the bird sing and yet completely aware of everything happening around him.
“If I wanted to work for the government, I’d go to my brother.”
“Have I read anything from you?”
“Just because you have the sex drive of a rock,” Anderson sneers, looking around, expecting a round of applause for his gibe. No one is looking at him, even the girl hanging by Wilkes’ shoulder has her eyes on the blonde, who is --
“The library.”
So he won’t interrupt.
Staring aimlessly at the pinkish water, Sherlock allows John to lift his arms and slide the soapy sponge under his armpits, bend his knees to reach his legs and groin, stays immovable as John scrubs his back and hair forcefully, using the amount of pressure that usually makes Sherlock groan in pleasure. Now he doesn’t even flinch when John’s nail scratch his neck.
“Wounded one of them. Mortally, I hear. The other one’s still missing. Probably lying in a ditch by now, head blown in, yes, yes...”
“Feel this?” he asks, and it’s like a gigantic electric impulse of life goes through Sherlock’s fingertips.
He raises his eyes and looks at Sherlock over the rim of his glasses. There is such unusual sincerity there and he suddenly sees the young Sherlock sitting opposite him in the university pub, nothing but distaste in his eyes.
“Eight. Two of each and an extra handgun.”
“What are they?”
The voice is teasing. It’s soft. John is happy. And not because Sherlock is so smart.
He knew it would sting. But he is focused on the case again after a short relapse and manages to keep his voice cool, to explain to John that while he is important to him in more ways than just being able to use his personal charms to get rumours out of attractive women, he is genuinely interested in hearing how his evening went.
) stared at John standing in the doorway, squinting his eyes momentarily while he looked him up and down. Not a muscle moved in his body. He was still standing as stiff as before.
Diogenes Club is deserted at this time of night, but Mycroft is in his office, reading documents that will destroy or salvage nations. He raises his gaze from the folder when Sherlock stumbles in without knocking, looking like a storm, red-eyed and shaking.
Then Sherlock heard it too. A silent crack of a branch, a distant shuffle of the undergrowth.
Lying on his back, Sherlock stares at the ceiling. Next to him, John is trying to fall asleep but some pent up energy left from the day must still be bubbling inside him because he turns to look at Sherlock and slowly shuffles closer. Pressing his hand over Sherlock’s chest, he moves in to nibble at his pulse point, humming low in his throat before sliding his hand down under the covers.
“Catch. You. Later,” Sherlock follows him slowly, gun held upright until a door closes in the distance.
“Please tell me you have something better planned than the circus,” he sighs.
Sherlock ceases to talk and move altogether and gets better in record time. He is rewarded with kisses and a case, which he attends with a slightly under-the-weather John. It is flu season after all, and half of the Metropolitan police force (the better half this time) has taken ill and even Sally Donovan is happy to see Sherlock and John on the crime scene which proves out to be a very tricky one with such a few officers. She also sees the telltale signs of John’s cold approaching from the way the man nurses his throat by pulling his shoulders up and sniffs every once in a while.
"Ohoho,
“It’s Sherlock.” John said immediately, the second he picked up the phone. “Something's… the matter with him. He hasn't moved from the sofa for days.”
"She wouldn't've. I just began teaching her this past week. She has a lot of potential, but she just doesn't see it in herself." Sherlock said, smooth as silk. John sighed and rolled his eyes. "That's why I'm so concerned. I'd hate for her to to give up so soon."
“I can’t hurt you? I am a soldier, you know.” He snorted, bracing himself.
“Taught myself, mostly.” Sherlock shrugged with false modesty, but John caught the slightest shift of Sherlock’s eye in his direction to gauge his reaction.
Lestrade took another thoughtful sip of orange juice.
“So all of that talk about ‘hunting the hunters’ was just… what. A friendly hello?”
Sherlock realized, slower than he might be willing to admit, that this was impossible and frankly ridiculous.
“Nothing for your… uhm friend, then?” Her big brown eyes darted to the detective who could only be described as scrawny, her eyes tinged with worry.
The man ignored the question entirely. “I understand that you've come into acquaintance with a… ‘man’ named Sherlock Holmes.”
Although, John considered that might very well be the point. It seemed that Mycroft just couldn’t be satisfied until he’s made everyone in the room at least mildly uncomfortable.
Sherlock’s face went strangely blank. “No. It doesn’t mean anything. Anything at all.”
“How do you feel about the violin?”
"And this guy is not a vampire hunter."
John enjoyed the Sherlock-free quiet in the time it took for the kettle to boil. Then he made the mistake of looking up as he poured the water into a fresh mug to find Sherlock lighting the fireplace. With his the contents of his letter crumpled in his hand.
John didn’t have to think long to answer that. “No. It was obviously collected someplace else and splashed around here. Nothing to suggest how the victim died. If they died. Depending on how much has soaked into the soil, this may not even be enough to indicate loss of life.”
Sherlock chewed on his lip, the tip of his ears turning pink. John expected his face would be burning up too, if not for the sunscreen and makeup. “I needed to be sure you were ready.”
John smirked as he got up to wash his plate. “So when are we leaving?”
“And John.” The man called out as he trailed after Anthea. “If you’re in ever interested in taking another murderer off the streets. I’ll be in touch.”
“Dammit John!” Sherlock grunted, shooting off after her. For what felt like hours, he ran just seconds behind the murderer and John ran just seconds after Sherlock. They weaved through dark alleys and across busy streets and through shortcuts. Every time the murderer vanished from sight, Sherlock would dart down a shadowed gap between buildings and they were just ahead of her.
“The eels. It hurts.” He gasped, his voice cracking. “Cut them out. Please.”
“I haven’t brought these out in years.” He muttered reverently as he hauled out a small trunk from the bottom of the impeccably organized closet. He eased the lid open slowly, carefully. “But if this arrangement is going to work, you need to understand.”
Sherlock gasped, eyes going wide and blue and lungs taking in about half a glass of water. “John.” He croaked after bout of choking.
Sherlock’s eyes gleamed, just like the edge of a knife before sliding with such ease through his shoulder. Just like the first spark of what could be a wildfire. “Prove it to me.”
Slowly, John’s eyes adjusted to the dim light. He began to make out the shape of the man. Large and firmly built. Big boned. Like he had pillars and beams where his femurs and rib bones should be. His head stood on his shoulders like a strangely handsome gargoyle and his nose looked like it should’ve had a bird perched on it.
John huffed a laugh and looked around the flat. The place was like a bird's nest. Lovingly constructed out of random crap and bodily fluids. He couldn't imagine what it would've looked like empty.
Slowly, he began walking toward the man. It seemed to be the only option available. He couldn't see anyone in the general vicinity but he had no doubt that those thugs were standing by, waiting for him to make a wrong move.
"Wait wait wait. You're like a thousand years old. You can't honestly tell me that you've never had a close call. A random fling picked up at some 16th century tavern, limited birth control and understanding of the reproduction system, I imagine shit would hit the fan rather quickly."
blahblahblahcollegeblahblahworkblahnotmuchfreetimeblah You get the point.
"He calls himself 'the muse'," Said the forensic investigator named Anderson, pointing out the words scrawled on the door frame as they entered.
"Yeah, I can see that now," John whispered back. His paranoia that his flatmate might sneak into his room and suck him dry in his sleep disappeared. And it had little to do with Sherlock's dental arrangements. "Thank you Mrs. H. You really didn't have to."
"No, it's... fine. Do you know how many times I've drunkenly sobbed about my first girlfriend to whoever happened to be at the bar?" Lestrade shook his head with a morose chuckle. "Yeah, well neither do I."
Sherlock said they were going to investigate a murder, but nothing could prepare him for this. The poor girl was strung up from the ceiling with fishing line, her arms outstretched like a bizarre crucifixion. Her skin was carved up strategically with delicate spiraling lines. Some of it hung off of her arms and sides like fleshy ribbons. And her face. John dared not look at it a second time. He'd seen people die in Afghanistan. Explosive deaths, traumatic deaths, slow deaths, he's seen them all. But all of it seemed pale in comparison to the expression on her slashed up face.
“Sorry to hear that.” John mumbled, sitting back down to console his roommate’s main course.
“Like this,” Sherlock announced before cradling John’s jaw and leaning in close. For a single terrifying moment, it seemed as if he might pull away. But the moment passed.
John tried not to be too horrified. Mark told him these people had a few... cultural quirks.“...I think I’ll stick with the money, thank you very much.”
After a few minutes, he seemed to recover his confidence and leaned back in his chair, searching through his phone with all the leisurely elegance of a marble sculpture. "Don't gorge yourself, you'll want your wits about you. The day isn’t over yet."
Also, the knife mentioned in this story was based off the badass work of a dude named montejano. Specifically, the piece linked below. I would literally be 100000% ok with someone stabbing me with it. I love my life and everything, but I would honestly be perfectly happy dying by that knife. it's that pretty.
"Her mother's boyfriend 'who seems a bit off' no less. Teenage girls have a sort of sixth sense about these things. If sweet old ladies are the security cameras of the world, teenage girls are it's sniffer dogs." Sherlock said proudly as he flagged down a cab.
“But the problem is, if we can’t get information from the police where can we get it?” John sighed, scanning over the menu. “Greenfield seems reliable enough, but she just doesn’t have enough information to go off of.”
Sherlock stopped under the shadow of a small grove of trees. He turned to John, his eyes shining like the edge of a razor in the moonlight. “This one is much more complex than it seems. Oh, I knew we were in for a treat when we came to this town.”
I better warn you that I'm kind of flying by the seat of my pants at this point in the story. I'm not sure what I'm doing with this case anymore, I'm just trying to get past it.
“If you ask me, all these people making claims of foul play are… a little over-sensitive. Greenfield’s a damn fine officer and all, but she’s relatively new here. She doesn’t understand life in a town like this. Things like that just don’t happen around here. The butcher’s son and his friends might like to throw around some pig’s blood around for kicks or someone’s dog might wander off and get caught by wildlife, but certainly not anything sinister. In fact, I-”
"Maybe not yours. But some of us have to live off it. Have you even seen the state of the pantry?"
Sherlock hummed darkly, leaning slightly closer. "No. You are." He tilted the box slightly in John's direction, prompting him to take it. This was it, the final stretch. He could practically taste the human's heart rate speed up."Consider it reaffirmation of your consent."
By the time Sherlock reached the manor, the last rays of sunlight had just died out. As he tied up his horse in the stables, he pondered on what state he might find Mycroft in. Sherlock was bound to get a beating for what he’d done, but it’d be worth it to see his pompous elder brother in distress for once in his life. He’d happily take ten lashings for just one out of place strand of hair.
"Only marijuana these days," Sherlock mumbled through the corner of his mouth that was not occupied. It became very clear that talking time was over when the vampire became engrossed in the rather expensive phone that had materialized in his hand. After finishing the pancakes and nibbling at the eggs, John pushed aside his various plates. He glared at the french toast, bacon and sausages for daring to still look delicious when he seriously couldn't eat another bite. But forgave them when he realized they'd probably still be just as good at lunchtime. The army doctor sighed and hauled himself to his feet, feeling about ten pounds heavier than he did when he sat down. He picked up a few of the dishes and headed for the fridge. What he found in it nearly caused him to drop the bacon.
Sherlock responded by rolling towards the back of the couch and folding a pillow over his head.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.”
And in case you're wondering, I always imagined Victor as Nino Quincampoix from Amelie.
As much as the vampire loved to complain about everything from the bright sunshine to the rustic cobblestones, John could sense that the change in environment was doing him good as well. There was a color in his cheeks and a light in his eyes that the human hadn’t seen there since they met.
He hadn’t meant to fall asleep. Not really. He’d intended to just rest his eyes and bask in the warm sunlight. Yet, when he opened his eyes, the sun was hanging low in the sky and the shadows stretched long. Also, there was a man standing over him. A man encased in a golden light, as if every dawn that ever was or will be clung to his skin like so many curious kittens.
He pulled himself from his trance long enough to respond. “That might be necessary to convince my brother that it works, but not until I can find a reliable formula. In the meantime, I have a cat that has a nasty habit of bringing me live rats.”
“Well it is. And you’re trespassing on it. Now, if it was only trespassing, I could forgive you. People get lost. I’ve done my best to hide this place, but there’s a first time for everything apparently. But tell me, what right do you think you have that permits you to just tear up whatever flowers you please? Did you even think about asking?”
"Inventive? Sherlock, this is a murder," John choked out, trying not to vomit at the gruesome sight before him.
John handed over his travel-sized bottle of mouthwash, knowing he was never going to see it again.
Btw, I have no idea how crossbows or fires work. I live in Arizona. Everyone’s got guns and things just sorta burst into flame on their own.
Sherlock drove like a maniac.
In addition to writing shit, I paint shit. I recently got an etsy shop so I can sell some of that shit. It's pretty good shit.
Lestrade pulled out a well-used notepad and pen, jotting down as much of the facts as he had caught. “Three hours. That must be some sort of record.”
“Why? What’s wrong with Molly?” John asked from his place against the doorframe. He’d been put on tea-brewing duty. Although Sherlock declined any offer off blood, he was still perfectly willing to drink tea. So they brewed it up by the pot. He’d drunk at least a gallon so far.
“I only ever drank from Victor at night.”
Sherlock grinned, his eyes sparkling. The army doctor was suddenly very aware that the room he was in contained both a vampire and quite a lot of blood. He began to watch his flatmate's actions much more carefully. "Ooh, not at all. This... This is a painting."
“But you should be leaving.” He insisted when he glanced at the space above Sherlock’s shoulder. “It’s getting late.”
The detective nodded solemnly. “The police force here is utterly inept. They write only the vaguest of police reports. It’s quite extraordinary, actually. I couldn’t find a single detail of actual importance.”
John laughed. The kind of laugh that made it clear that nothing about this situation was in the least bit funny. “What makes you so sure?”
“Your kind is so strange.” He muttered under his breath as a brawl broke out on screen. “It seems like you reproduce as if it’s some sort of competition. And then you’re shocked at the inevitable outcome. It makes me seriously question your ability to think rationally.”
"Done and done. All of the staff check out. They all say the same things, the father is away a lot but he loves the girls dearly. No less than two video chats a day, plus phone calls and letters and postcards. The nanny claimed she thinks of them as her baby sisters. The tutors were frantic. None of them knew where the father could be or who could've done it."
“I can’t swim very well.”
He is sitting on a park bench when someone stops in front of him. He looks up and a little girl with red hair and tartan dress stares straight at him. She’s just tall enough to reach his chin now that he is sitting down.
“Roll up your tongue, Anderson, you’re dripping over my evidence,” Sherlock says and moves his papers away from Anderson’s loosening grip around his bottle.
Sherlock kept on looking puzzled.
“And when he came home, he’d bring me dried ginger and cranberry-flavoured cough syrup.”
“None of the cabs would take me,” Sherlock snarls and walks to the bathroom.
Telepathy has never been John’s strong suit and he keeps the screen directed towards the Saab on the road.
The woman looks terrified at him, scared to death of what she is about to say.
“My name. S-s-say my name.”
“John thinks - and I agree - that a familiar surrounding might be good for me now,” Sherlock begins quietly. “I’ve been drifting quite a lot in the past 25 years and there really isn’t many concrete places in London to which I have an emotional connection. Where I could belong to some kind of community.”
“Here’s what she was reading from - a pager,” Lestrade says, placing the device on the table in front of John.
“No, no, no!”
The word rings out in the flat before John bulldozes on.
Life got in the way big time. In the light of what is happening in mine right now, it very well might again before the next chapter is posted.
“When he wakes up, he will want to see you before anyone else, I’m sure. He would have taken you to the surgery with him, if he could have.”
Without making a sound, John took a step towards the door and listened intently for a moment, then extinguished the lamp, took his gun and walked to the door. All the while, his feet made no sound on the floorboards. Sherlock could not even hear him breathe.
“And your husband? He called me. Is he in on it too?” Doctor Mortimer continues.
“So I was wondering if I could just... hang around.”
He had slept poorly, old nightmares having suddenly returned in full force, and he had kept waking up through the night, too scared to try and fall asleep, eventually succumbing to the exhaustion, only to wake an hour or so later drenched in sweat and tears.
“But we will be staying in England?”
Well, perhaps a nice addition to it all is the gleaming white gold ring Sherlock sneaks out to buy later during the day, hides inside a piece of black pudding, and on which John almost breaks his tooth while enjoying his dinner and which, in the end, is slipped onto his ring finger and peppered with kisses while he looks for a 24-hour dentist from the phonebook.
“We could get you a stool,” he smirks.
He turns back to the letter when the phone suddenly starts to ring, loudly and insistently.
He moves his queen slowly towards Sherlock’s king.
“How the hell is it
“Yes.”
“What on earth are you doing?”
“That’s right! I bumped into the trashcans outside the butcher’s on Mortimer Street.”
Lying in the room not unlike his own in his mother’s house – only bigger and with less clutter – at the crack of dawn, he wondered if anyone else in England woke up feeling the same kind of serenity and happiness he did. Lady Eva, the free spirit that she was, had given him the bedroom next to Victor’s, the room she herself had occupied until Victor became of age and which still had a little door connecting the rooms through which Victor, four years old and only getting used to sleeping on his own, would sneak into his mother’s bed to sleep next to her until dawn when he left as quietly as he had arrived.
John looks at him, then back down, then up to the sky before he answers, eyes still on a bundle of cumulus clouds gathering on the clear blue sky.
John takes his hand and squeezes it.
John squeezes Sherlock’s hand.
As John sipped from his cup, his shirt stretched tight over his shoulders. Sherlock thought of the scar hidden so well under layers of clothing.
At the door to the library, Sherlock stops.
“Then…”
Sherlock’s hand rests on the small of John’s back while he draws him an elephant, an octopus and a giraffe, and it stays there as he escorts John back inside where the auction is about to start.
In the middle of the night, attempting to keep a hold of the fragile edges of disturbed sleep, he had not spared much thought on Watson’s assumed bad ones, but now, at the early hours of morning when nothing else in the cottage was interesting enough to get his attention, his companion seemed slightly more interesting.
“Didn’t you just say you weren’t asking but
John flinched at that.
He gets up and goes to turn on the telly. Connie Prince’s toothy smile fills the screen and her voice bursts out from the speakers.
“Although, I have loved this. This little game of ours.”
“That was a made-up bet. And you could always have asked me if you were short on cash.”
“Sherlock…” John warns.
“You’re terrible at chess. You’ve never won a game in your life,” his brother snorted again.
John shakes his head.
“I couldn’t respond to my husband,” Sherlock says to the dusty Persian rug.
Two months later, and he is still wired about Moriarty’s visit, hands squeezing into fists harder than usual after every snide remark from Sally, last of which makes him stop on the landing before walking out.
“Hello, Murray,” John said, stepping in.
He turned to the man sitting next to him to see whether he knew any more than he did.
“No, I gathered it from the wording.”
Well, at least he did not.
They are attached to the case from thereon and three months later John is ready to give up. Sherlock has identified their bomber in the first couple of days, thanks to the security camera video, as well as tracked down the remains of the other bombs with the help of several of his Homeless Network thanks to all of which John had the momentary delusional idea that the case would be swift and end soon.
John sighed from the chair, glancing past his newspaper. “She’s been here for an hour, Sherlock, cleaning. Haven’t you heard her?”
, she said to herself.
So, why is this relevant to the heretofore events of my proclaiming my love for a one Dr. John Hamish Watson?
“Well,” she replied, nervously, “because there’s a tramp bleeding in an alleyway who will either die, and there will be questions, or will live, in which case… he saw your face.”
A very large, muscular man stepped up into John’s chamber. He grabbed John by the shirt collar with one hand and effortlessly peeled him off the glass, throwing him hard into the opposite corner. There was a loud
“Sherlock?” John’s voice, again.
John set up the next log on the stump.
“Three people have died, John. Two of those could have been prevented. If you hadn’t
“Sherlock!” John called to him. “What are you doing?”
The rest of the meal passed without a word and when it was over and it was time for John’s shower. In the summer months he bathed more frequently and swam in the pond sometimes, and sometimes went down to the river. But in the winter there was often no electricity and less need for washing as he didn’t garden or hunt in those months. He had a small generator that would run the pump for the well and the electric water heater but gasoline was limited so he liked to use it only for necessities. In the winter he bathed twice per week, once with a sponge bath of water heated over the stove and once in a real bath.
she’s crying,” he said.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but his expression showed concern.
he thought,
A fierceness sprung into Anna’s eyes. “I’m going to make him pay for what he did, Molly. For what he did to my father—I mean, John…” she shook her head a little. “And to Sherlock.”
” he sobbed, throwing his arms across his face in embarrassment and shame. “Get the hell out of my flat!”
Sherlock kept his eyes fixed on the bag. He nodded.
“Leave me,” he told her, his gaze remaining on his bedroom ceiling.
“It’s a one-lane road,” Sherlock tried again. “What happens when a car comes the other way?”
“Sherlock, I’m coming in.”
, his lips, and his
He licked his lips.
To Lestrade’s surprise, Sherlock hung his head in shame. “If the public found out that I… that I made such a careless error…” he took in a shaky breath. “No one would come to me anymore. With crimes to solve. No one would trust me anymore.
“OH MY GOD!”
Sherlock stepped closer to Molly and slowly grasped her chin with his thumb and forefinger, and she drew in a breath as his skin made contact with hers. He gently turned her face toward his, and she looked up, confusion swimming in her eyes.
“Something like that,” John mumbled, feeling the rest of his face match his ears.
“Sherlock.” John looked concerned. Bloody well should be; there was something seriously wrong with my pulmonary system. Maybe it was the scurvy. “Sherlock, breathe.” His hands were on my shoulders. I leaned into them and made embarrassing little wheezing noises. “You’re hyperventilating.”
“Music?” John asked.
Mycroft had tutted. “Sherlock, do not project your own shortcomings onto poor Annalise. Just because I always beat
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile. “Told you.”
“Yes,” he interrupted me. “It’s just... I...”
, she reasoned. They got out of the car and stretched, surveying the ocean view and inspecting the cabin’s façade. It was their first family vacation; just a weekend getaway, but it was a first, and Anna had been seeing a completely new side to Sherlock. John brought out a sharpness and wit and…
,” he had said, when she’d asked him why he made her kill her friends. No other reason than to test his power. A man like that had no business being alive; someone needed to put him down, no matter what the cost.
“Eat some oranges,” he instructed, on his way out the door.
By the time she was eight, Anna had begun to lie. It was easier, to lie. Some child would make a comment and, instead of simply denying it, she’d retort with a false truth. The other children would be confused. And upset. They’d go to their parents with this other truth. “No,” their parents would say. “Anna is a liar. Don’t play with her.”
. As in, no room for anything else. For example, this morning, I went to brush my teeth four separate times because kept forgetting why I was in the loo. And then I forgot to put toothpaste on! I cannot function, John. This is a real problem.”
Christ. All this time, and he still didn’t understand me. “Of course things are impossible. Many things are impossible. That’s how I can arrive at the right answer. I eliminate the impossible first. And what’s left is the truth.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped over to where Anna was kneeling in the sand next to a bucket. The other two girls came over, and Lestrade knelt down in front of his youngest daughter’s face. “What’s she killing?” he questioned.
Sherlock gave him a small, sad smile in return.
Sherlock frowned. “I will be on the sofa…”
Mary fidgeted in her seat. “I pretended like I didn’t. Most of the time, anyway. The chemistry between the two of you, it was… intimidating. Threatening. And the more I saw you two together, the more afraid I got, because it wasn’t just chemistry between two colleagues, was it? Or even between two friends? It was more than that. I tried to ignore it, I tried to tell myself that John really did love me, that he really did want to be with me. But there was one time, right before everything went to shite… John went to visit your parents, actually, and afterward I found out they’d tried to manipulate him into a romantic epiphany.”
“People,” Sherlock scoffed, brushing off his coat where Mycroft had touched him. “Since when do I care about people?”
Our lives were about to get a little more dangerous.
“Meet me in the chemistry lab when you’re finished.” Sherlock swooped back around. “Molly, you and I are going to take another look at those bodies.”
“Oh, erm, hello,” Sherlock addressed the students. He looked out into the sea of wide-eyed fourth years.
“Now, I’d hate to add insult to injury,” Moriarty cooed from the deck, standing up and straightening his jacket, “but… Oh, who are we kidding, of course I would!” He giggled and looked over at Mary, then turned back to the window. His expression suddenly became very solemn. “John, you know how they say that when you die, the last thing you’ll see will be your children’s faces? Well, I’m dreadfully sorry to have to tell you, but in your case, you’ll have nothing to see at all.”
you feeling? Really?” He attempted a smile.
“It’s new for me, too,” Sherlock said quietly.
Sherlock Holmes. So I don’t care about
, like that. He wasn’t gay.”
But now Anna was a teenager and had more important things to do than spend time with him or worry about his feelings. He doubted that they’d even crossed her mind (they rarely crossed his own, anyway). And Molly was right, that was normal. She was a normal teenage girl, who had put up with so much from him over the years, and now it was time for her to start living her own life.
meant to make me go after them… Molly was right…”
working, your mind goes everywhere but me.”
“Because I’ve been waiting for you to initiate... something,” he went on, as if he hadn’t heard me, “for the last one hundred and seventeen days.” John was annoyingly precise when he wanted to be.
He examined the bruises, tight-lipped and silent, Sherlock rattling off numbers on his scale of pain—“three, four,
“I thought,” I said, as he kissed my neck. My breath caught in my chest. “I thought I’d lost you.”
John nodded and raised his hands a little higher.
My mother chuckled. “No, Sherlock. I told him that if I did have the baby, I would eventually be unhappy, and come to resent him, and that I was going to have an abortion, and that was the end of it.”
Sherlock carefully placed the beakers back onto the table. “Yes." He looked at John out the corner of his eye.
“I don’t exactly know…. He won’t talk to anyone, won’t let anyone touch him. John, I… I think you’d better get down here.”
“Ah, but we don’t get more than one life,” said Sherlock, wisely. “And how lucky am I, to have ended up with your daughter. I am truly grateful. She’s given more meaning and purpose to my existence than I had ever dreamed.”
“We’re getting you cleaned up,” Sherlock told him gruffly, half dragging him to the bathroom, lifting him to put him in the tub. John’s head lolled forward and to the side, his eyes fluttering between open and closed, conscious and unconscious.
It was nearly a full day after the party, and Sherlock hadn’t slept a wink. He’d been pacing the flat most of the night—every time he’d tried to sit or rest, the nerves would hit, the unsettling feeling would grip him. The only thing that made him feel any better was to pace.
Mary picked up the phone on the wall, and Sherlock did the same. “So,” she said, after a moment. “Have you come to gloat?”
A door opened then, distracting the brothers from each other, and they saw John walk out alone, holding a manila envelope and looking very, very tired. Sherlock walked to meet him. “Have they released you, then?”
Sherlock hadn’t, but he didn’t want to let on. “’Course I do.”
John sighed. “It was a small operation, tourist fishing. Apparently they had a run-in with a barge. The police deemed it an accident.”
Anna stepped up to the first member, Sam, and stabbed him forcefully in the chest. She stared him down, watching his wide, surprised eyes lose their light as he died. She pulled out the knife, and the guard who was holding him let him fall to the floor.
“John,” Sherlock exhaled. “John, John.”
Sherlock was not there.
“Do you want to wash up?” he asked, finally.
“Bugger the plan,” John spat back. “When someone’s got a gun to my head, all bets are off.” He stretched out his hand with the key inside. “Here, go on and take it, for the love of God.”
John’s heart stopped.
would become her father.”
Mary gripped it tighter, instead. “Not until you tell me where you’ve put the key.”
“I’m such a fucking—“ John rubbed his hand over his forehead, now. He actually looked close to tears. My God. Had I really screwed up that badly?
.” He chuckled to himself and turned the page.
Suddenly, he stopped sucking and leaned back on his heels. “John?”
Anna breathed out slowly, watching the jet of air turn to fog before her eyes. “He was kind of like an imaginary friend,” she said. “I used to talk to him all the time. For a while I couldn’t fall asleep until I’d told him all about my day. He was always such a good listener… though he seems pretty good in real life, too.”
“I think you’ll be wanting your father today,” she said, not turning around from the stove, and I smiled because she was still Mum, she still knew things without even having to look at you.
Sherlock shook his head. “You don’t understand. I didn’t spend those years dreaming about you, thinking about you, in that way. I thought you were
Of course, that was an insane and completely unrealistic fantasy. Even if John were still alive, Sherlock highly doubted that he would have helped him to raise Anna. Perhaps he’d babysit now and then, but he’d probably just pass her onto Mrs. Hudson and go back to whatever dangerous case he’d been in the middle of in his own little Sherlockian world. Funny how much things had changed in just a few short months.
Eyes finally open.
“Christmas. You had perfume on. It suited you. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before.”
Sherlock imagines all the things John would say or do if he was suddenly pushed against the sink or dragged to the living room and pinned against the wallpaper with the print of the skull grinning on his left and the smiley face on his right.
He rolled his shoulders.
Surprised, Mr Hartley looked up from his fidgeting.
“I can’t wait to burn the heart out of you.”
“What made you change your mind?”Sherlock asks the first thing he sits down.
Wrong thing to say.
Sherlock hated it. He wanted John to speak to him like he had the night before, soft sighs of adoration, gasps of pleasure laced with his name.
He finds one from one of the pockets inside his coat and places it next to the book on the table. John has not moved, hands still resting on the table, posture stiff, but he looks at the book and then up at Sherlock.
They had been in Cornwall for seven months.
“You’re the only one I can trust,” Jim says somewhere far away. “It was just a misunderstanding. The guy pulled a gun at me. It was self-defence.”
John is waiting outside his flat, standing by the door to shelter himself from the slight drizzle. He is dressed formally, black tux looking like it has grown on his skin, that’s how well it fits him.
“About John.”
“Yeah, but come on ---“ John’s face falls at Sherlock’s expression.
He pushed his arm under Sherlock’s shoulders and pushed at his back gently with the other.
In the silence that followed, John felt his cheeks turn hotter and hotter which had nothing to do with the warming fire or that the other two occupants had their eyes directed squarely at him.
Sherlock despised Christmas dinners. The entire holiday disrupted his comfortable everyday existence, invited him back to the streets where he had spent his childhood and which he would rather not revisit more than was necessary.
After two weeks, when a news article on the paper John has been reading out loud gets ‘inconsistency’ out of Sherlock, he begins to hope once again that Sherlock might still come back.
The pink phone in Sherlock’s pocket blings and a monotonic voice informs him of a new message. Four Greenwhich pips sound and a picture of an abandoned car appears.
He should list all of John’s smiles on a separate sheet.
Mrs Holmes meets them at the door and Sherlock drapes himself over her and stays attached to her lilac dress for five minutes without moving. They stay for the weekend and Mrs Holmes keeps petting Sherlock’s new hair like she needs concrete proof that the mop of curls is really gone. She whispers to John how Sherlock always refused to have his hair cut when he was a child.
“Difficult times,” Sherlock agrees.
“What bullshit has he been feeding you? Hospital, my ass! Don’t touch me, you cunt!”
He wonders what he has ever done to deserve her.
One of the things that are good.
Sherlock’s knees give way and John catches him again, drags him to the tub and lowers him in.
“I think he wants to be distracted.”
There are a lot of bills, and such a small amount of money in John’s bank account. So by all logic he has to get a job. Which is incredibly dull.
So John went alone, promising not to go far and reminding him that he should know the surroundings as well. It could prove useful, Mycroft had said.
The hand twitched.
“You indicated that I’m him, yes?” he points at the television screen. “Why is he not wearing pants?”
“You know he’s coming after you. Just stay put, I’ll be there…”
He stopped counting the tiles and walked to the cot. When Sherlock didn’t move, he nudged the arm that was hanging over the side with his knee.
(S)he wishes.
“I wish you wouldn’t encourage your students with this!”
Only realising too late that its presence has most likely roused John’s suspicions of him possible being guilty of murder. So he assumes his fighting pose and snarls as he would to everyone else. John doesn’t even flinch but asks if people often assume he is the murderer.
He stopped by the bed, dust covering it as well, but rather than worrying about the effort of having to air it he thought of the more obvious problem. He strode to the open door and poked his head out.
But he ran, trying his hardest not to make a sound. But the woods were unfamiliar to him, panic was crawling up his throat thick like ink, fear for whatever it was that might still be there in the woods scaring him witless as if he was suddenly a child again, scared of the creatures under his bed.
John’s smile grew wider and wider as the tale progressed, and to his surprise Sherlock realised he was smiling too. Not the devilish grin he usually had on when thinking about the ways he had succeeded in torturing his older brother, but a genuine, bright smile. It spread a warmth inside him, slithered from his mouth all the way to his toes.
“That bloke from Baskerville, Doctor Frankland. Showed up a bit sloshed and started talking about you and how I’m your live-in PA. Emphasis on the live-in.”
“How big is it?”
“Oh, Sherlock! You’re going already?”
He gives his contribution to the circus by giving out a few truths about the judge and is escorted out of the courtroom. John bails him out, a slightly defeated look on his face, but he is in the game. He knows what’s going on.
. When was the last time you had some?”
“Josh’s sister has already promised to be the godmother.”
An annoying humming buzzes in his ear. He tries to wave it away (
“He’d be at school.”
“I’ll pass on your regards.”
“What, are you telling me off for actually working out?” John exclaims mockingly. “Now, that’s a first. At least I take care of my health.”
John turned his head back to Sherlock.
The woman’s soft voice sang out stronger now. She clearly liked the song.
Sherlock has gone to celebrate his parents’ ruby wedding, and so the flat is dark when John returns, tired and grumpy from a weekend at Harry’s, but happy in the knowledge that she does not drown her sorrows into the bottle anymore.
“That no one has been able to decipher before me and which reveal that there is an imminent threat,” his brother said. “This is not news to me, Mycroft.”
“Imagine him in a meeting with the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary and the first thing they see when he opens his briefcase are the pictures he printed from her website.”
John seems to freeze on the spot, not even his hands are clenching against the chair anymore. He stares at Sherlock and for the first time he looks like he might actually hit him.
John comes home to an empty flat, the two teacups still sitting on the coffee table, the tea in the pot still warm.
“Mr Holmes said there would be an extra mattress ready for you,” he said, lifting a box of tin cans and carrying them inside.
It hurt to breathe. His nose had to be broken.
“Beep?” he asks.
“It’s all right. It’s going to be all right. You just have to prove it to them. Go home, there’s a notebook with everything I’ve ever done for Jim written down. I can’t get any concrete evidence because what I’ve been doing for him has to have been done in silence with no contact that could be traced. But his number is there, in the notebook. Phone him. He says he works for the MI6 but it’s just a cover for his role as an operative. But he will help, he has to. I know things about him -“
He tries to look busy and deep in thought while John sways at the door without saying a word and eventually climbs up the stairs to his room.
“That... thing... that you did, it was... good.”
Behind him, Jim gives him a final parting yell.
“Hello, my love,” he cooed, accepting the 8-month-old baby from her more than willing mother.
“Do not say his name,” Sherlock hissed dangerously.
Sherlock giggles.
“You could have been a bit more polite,” Molly says quietly.
The stairs creak, the front door opens and Sherlock is suddenly electrocuted back into the present, he stumbles down the stairs, bare feet slipping under the loose belt of his dressing gown and he has to hold the banister so he won’t fall down the last steps. John stares at him from the door, terrified of the sudden change in his husband, eyes round with surprise, when Sherlock stumbles the last few feet and to a halt in front of him. He doesn’t stop to take a breath before he glues his lips to John’s, muffled gasp of surprise a whiff of air on his face and John buries himself as deep against him as he can.
“I was a consulting detective for the New Scotland Yard.”
“Not if you don’t want it to be.”
“Just once, could you two behave like grown-ups? Sherlock Holmes, you are 35 years old. Put your trousers on!”
So he sinks lower than usual: he insults Mrs Hudson and she runs away, banging her door shut so that the mirror in the hall shakes.
At night different people come out with different purposes and different goals. They think differently than the people at daytime. They might even be interesting.
Sherlock tries to remember all the times he has referred to John and him as
John stood frozen in the doorway, turned on his heels and went back outside. From the open doorway Sherlock could see him wandering around aimlessly, stop by the pile of firewood he had been chopping earlier that morning. He stared at the pieces of wood, the axe on the chopping block, took it up and marched straight into the woods.
It’s almost been a year since they met again, Sherlock is about to turn thirty (which in his head equals as the beginning of a new era, a fresh decade with no drugs), and John has moved in with him to a flat on Baker Street. It’s still Sherlock’s flat, mostly, but little by little he has helped John realise the futility of using his paycheck to live so far away from his job, from the buzzing of London. From Sherlock.
“I left you with no other choice. You had to do what you thought was right. It’s my fault. I left you alone, and I’m so sorry for that.”
But then John gets shot.
“Yohoo, boys!” John hears Mrs Hudson’s slipper covered feet shuffling down the corridor. Her arm pokes around the corner and taps the wall.
With a parting kiss, he sweeps out of the door and clicks it closed.
Against all rules of decorum, Mr Trevor excused himself almost immediately after dinner, claiming that he had an early meeting and a pile of papers still to go through, and asked if Sherlock would be staying at his mother’s. If not, it would be best to leave now for the papers had promised heavy snowfall for the evening. Mycroft, who was clearly about to express his opinion on this kind of behaviour, was silenced by his mother who all but stomped on his foot and directed her guest and son towards the hall. While Mr Trevor was outside hailing a cab, Mrs Holmes wrapped Sherlock in his scarf and kissed his cheek tenderly before pushing him through the door. She stood in the window and raised her hand in a small wave while Mycroft stood by her side, hands behind his back, stiff as a board, watching with growing worry as Mr Trevor helped Sherlock into the cab.
He sits in front of the fireplace at the inn, fingers hovering over his lips, trying to collect himself, to convince himself that what he saw wasn’t real.
“What do you mean?”
“So is it him? Moriarty?”
“Do I have a choice?” he asks.
“Not everyone. I played the clarinet for years and I still can’t sing without making the cats howl.”
He stands in the doorway, looks at the tiny man sleeping the sleep of the undisturbed, a wolf trapped in barely a 170 centimetres of bullterrier, ready to bite your head off when threatened.
He was going to vomit.
It’s a kindling, a small burst of warmth that says this might actually become something.
Sherlock has spent the night listening every creak coming from upstairs, waiting for the sound of nightmares.
“I bet it’s a triple murder!” Sherlock croaks under John. “Or a quadruple! Bloody quintuple homicide and you’re sitting on my bum and letting the idiots at the Yard try and solve it by themselves!”
John dimly heard footsteps come toward him, and felt someone grab his side to flip him over. He screamed louder. “Please, please,” he pleaded, beginning to cry involuntarily.
Molly looked a little taken aback. “Oh, erm… it was…” She withdrew her hands from the body and held them upright as she went over to the nearest desk and peered down at a file on top. “The
“Food will be ready in five. Want to set the table?”
Anna looked back at him. She had lied to Sherlock for months while she trained to become a spy. She had destroyed their relationship to create an alibi for her disappearance. There was no turning back now. “I’m ready,” she said.
To my surprise, he resumed his masticating. “Oh. In half again?”
Molly was not the smartest person in the world, nor the most observant, but she was perceptive in her own way; she could read people’s reactions. Kind of funny that she worked with inanimate bodies all day but still had an acute sense of the emotions in animated ones. Maybe that was what helped her, working in the morgue; she was not constantly inundated with other people’s lives, so when she saw a live person, she was able to notice things that other people were desensitized to.
“This conversation is over,” Sherlock told him, his hand raised in the air. And with that, Sherlock stepped off the curb to hail a taxi, leaving Mycroft looking concerned and quite unsettled. He rode away from the scene without another look back.
I sighed. I needed to figure out how to do this—how to prove I knew it was love. Because as the seconds ticked by, I was more and more sure. Things were making sense now, things that hadn’t before: My desire to sabotage his previous relationships. My inability to focus on the Work. My clear
I pushed in again, more and more, until my hips were flush with his arse. Then I stopped moving completely. “Tell me when you’re alright,” I managed. I knew how it could be, I’d done this once before, it was painful until you got used to it, and it felt almost... unnatural, something going in where things went out, being full where it shouldn’t be full. He needed time to adjust, but I was starting to shake. I didn’t know it was possible to be this aroused without climaxing. John’s body was just so warm, and squeezing around me in the most decadent way. I knew I wasn’t going to last long, when I started moving. Hell, if he did so much as clench his arse, I’d probably reach the point of no return. My breath began to shiver with my body.
Sherlock let out a heavy breath, almost as if he’d been punched in the gut. His lips began to move underneath John’s thumb, and the sensation shot all the way to John’s groin.
, John!”
“How do you feel?” John asked. His voice was calm in the tranquil atmosphere.
why you figured it out, because he was back by your side. Moriarty severely miscalculated on that one; he knew that you loved John, but he thought it was all about attention, that you’d finally found someone to care about you, when no one had ever done it before. He didn’t see past that, he didn’t see that John provided something more than just a… a lapdog.”
“Through no fault of mine,” interjected Sherlock’s mum. “I was against it from the beginning.” She pursed her lips.
, he thought, wildly. He felt Carruthers force a knee between his legs to pry them apart; his wife helped him and then chained each to the legs of the table, spreading them wide. “Hold him down,” ordered Carruthers, his voice suddenly deep and gravelly. Sherlock felt hands change in his hair and realized that Teresa was holding him now; he tested pulling his head up, but he couldn’t budge it, weak and dizzy as he was from the concussion. She was stronger than she looked, too.
He tried to pay attention to the eulogy, but it was nearly impossible now that he’d seen John. He kept wondering if John was going to get up and talk—probably not, he hated public speaking. But oh, how nice it would be to hear his voice…
Sherlock sighed. “Mary—“
, Dr. Watson,” she corrected him. “You should be asking, how are
going?” she asked, the obvious question.
Carruthers pulled his arse apart with one hand and forced his hard prick inside with the other.
That’s what
“Well, Mary,” Sherlock chided, with a smile, “I’m not stupid either.”
On the other side, John froze. “You’re not in the bath, Sherlock,” he said, his voice growing cold. “Look, if you don’t want to talk, I’ll just go—“
he’d added.
I swallowed. I was woefully out of practice with romanticism, but even I knew that if there was ever a time for complete honesty, it was now. “Actually,” I told him, “I want to kiss you again.”
“Yes,” I managed, because I was utterly incapable of saying no.
Sherlock turned around. “I know, John,” he said, quietly. “He… Carruthers…” Sherlock’s body began to tremble, again. “He did it twice. The second time was with the screwdriver, four hours later, after they’d beaten me.”
seen it, he would have figured out how to open it in an instant. “There’s a bit of lore to it, which is entirely uninteresting, I can assure you. The point is that the British could never open it, and so were never able to make use of the wealth. Some believe that the treasure could have financed their rule in India, boosted the economy, provided food during famine—essentially prevented the revolts and stopped them from losing the country altogether. It was
Anna felt herself begin to shiver, though it wasn’t cold. She folded her arms over each other and gathered herself. “Sherlock will protect me,” she said.
John stared.
“This is over, isn’t it?”
“No,” John shook his head. “No, but she’s certainly jealous of all the time we spend together. And I think she feels the rift in our relationship… she’s hoping that, you know, that my parents will watch the baby for a couple days and we can go off on our own…”
“Let me explain it to you from another perspective. Do you recall, I told you that I thought this whole key business with Mycroft was odd? Why would he send
“Go on, then,” said Moriarty, swinging out the scepter, pretending to fight in the air. “Tell me why you’ve come.”
Anna stared at him for a moment, as if she were trying to decide if he was serious or not. He bit the inside of his cheek, cursing himself for not making her apologize more often. Luckily for him, however, she must have come to the conclusion that he meant it, because she spun around and went over to Lucy. “I’m sorry,” she said.
His eyes darkened. “We’ve gone through three cases in that time!”
Sherlock was out of arguments, so he resorted to stomping over to the car and slumping in the backseat.
John sat back and held up his hands in mock surrender. He crossed his legs and turned to watch Sherlock.
“Oh yes, I’m fine,” Molly replied breathlessly, with a smile. She touched her hair to make sure it was still in place. “How are you, Anna?”
Because of course, Anna had listened. She’d run downstairs and then tiptoed back up and stood just outside the door. As
“Badly enough for me to make you eat a salad for dinner first?” He raised an eyebrow.
“Her injuries were pretty bad, John. I mean, she was awake when I got there, but she wasn’t coherent. She’d been at the hospital all day, trying to recover to the point where she could give us a lucid account of what happened; but now she’s dead, and all we have is speculation. We’ll have her autopsy, too, and evidence of Carruthers’… erm…
Isn’t this what Major Sholto had advised him to do? Tell John the truth? Ever since their conversation, which had been all of one day ago, Sherlock had thought nonstop about it. About the possibility that he could, in fact, be “in love” with John Watson. “In love” was not something he’d ever felt before, not even remotely, so he was already at a disadvantage for not having anything to compare it to. And of course, the whole “sociopath” thing—that was a significant disadvantage as well. Could he ever be in love? Did he have the capacity for it?
“Anna’s run away.”
Lestrade checked out the driveway and eyed the windows—car was there, windows were dark. “Probably bloody
I sighed. That wasn’t on purpose, either, but I’d already admitted to it.
Sherlock didn’t know any of this of course. She’d kept it from him as best she could, for she was afraid that if he found out, he would somehow think he’d failed her. And the absolute worst thing in the world was disappointing him.
“May we come in?” asked Sherlock, tentatively.
With that, Carruthers kicked Sherlock in the stomach.
Sherlock was laying on the couch again, his head resting on a cushion and his eyes staring intently down the hall and into John’s. He didn’t say anything, but John could tell he wanted to talk. John clenched his teeth together and turned to the kitchen instead. He
“Sherlock is fond of speaking about the motivational power of love, but what most people don’t realize is that love and hate are very closely related. There is no one my brother loves more than Annalise Watson, and there is no one he hates more than Jim Moriarty. I knew that to connect the two of them would be an advantage in some way, some day. So I lied to him. I told him that the results confirmed that Anna was Moriarty’s child. And I found a chance to use that lie, to use Anna to bring Sherlock and Moriarty together, so that Moriarty may be destroyed, once and for all.”
Molly blushed up to her ears. “That’s not very nice.”
“Yes. I’m perfectly fine,” Sherlock answered, willing himself not to stumble or fall over. He made it up the stairs without any major trouble and stepped into his flat, looking around and letting out a relieved breath. He was
“A complete lie, though,” he said. “It sort of came to me in the moment, a stroke of genius.
John chuckled. “You’re right, he rather is. So, it’s ‘Dad,’ then?” he asked, trying not to sound too hopeful.
“Oh, I don’t know…” Mycroft trailed off. He grabbed another biscuit and reopened his book.
He let go of John’s shirt just as quickly as he’d taken it, and turned away. “Neither of you understand. No one understands. I can’t lose her. I can’t.” His voice cracked.
John turned away and walked toward the barn. He could hear behind him the muted
Sherlock didn’t reply. Instead, he reached into his coat and pulled out a pocket knife, offering it to her in his open palm. Anna stared at the weapon, then back up into his eyes. They were cool grey, and piercing.
John’s face went from crimson to white in less than a second. Sherlock was pretty sure he’d stopped breathing.
Teresa didn’t respond, obviously upset by the apparent inadequacy of her disguise.
“I came because I found out the truth.”
for normal things, like justice, the way most people do. What he thirsts for is entertainment, some way to keep his warped mind occupied. Heading a criminal network was just one way to do it, but he could have just as easily become a serial killer or some equally base thing.
Something tugged at Anna’s heart. That was her
child, you may hold some sort of emotional advantage over him—and we need every advantage we can get. Third, you have the motivation to go after him: not only is he coming for you, but he’s made Sherlock’s life utter hell ever since he arrived on the scene—and will most likely continue in that vein. And you love Sherlock, I presume?”
After the first two autopsies were completed, Molly opened the drawer that held the third and final body. She and Sherlock lifted the bag and set it on the table.
“Why don’t I show you, instead. Come on, we’ll go for a little ride. We’ve a car parked just out front.”
, there was a jolt of electricity that shot down from his mouth directly to his—oh, oh
Five quiet minutes passed while the other three sat silently in the rocking boat. The wind picked up, and Anna began to shiver more violently. “May I?” asked Sherlock, looking at Mary and putting his hands on the front of his Belstaff.
“He didn’t bloody solve it! He noticed some bruising. That’s all. They don’t even have a suspect yet. They barely have a profile.”
John let out a loud exhale, comically loud, a little “whew.” He giggled, and Sherlock smiled nervously.
.” I was shaking.
“John!” Lestrade bellowed, and fled back to the door, throwing his whole body against it. Nothing. He backed up to the back wall, ran into the door with his full force—and finally stumbled through, just in time to see John’s arm halfway down Carruthers’ throat. “John!” Lestrade fell on him and pulled him back. “Let’s go, let’s
Sherlock didn't wait for a reply. He pushed off the blankets and went back to his clothes which were strewn about the floor in front of the door where John had taken them off to keep him from freezing to death. He reached into his green overcoat pocket and pulled out his mobile. He tapped at the screen and it illuminated his face with a bluish light that seemed somehow opposite and foreign to the yellow light beaming through the window. How his phone could function after being submerged in the pond was a mystery to John, though perhaps they had waterproof ones now and what did John know, anymore?
“Too late?” Sherlock echoed, his eyebrows drawn together. He stared at John in his stooped-shouldered, silver-haired, wrinkled-skinned stated. At his face, all red and puffy and features pinched in from crying. He thought of every time he’d felt alone, or inadequate, or unworthy in the last twenty years; it was all due to what John Watson had done. He’d smashed Sherlock’s heart into a pulp.
Sherlock stood and strutted across the street to John’s front door. He rang the bell.
“No,” he replied, simply.
Anna sighed. Molly was too suspicious now. If she didn’t tell her the truth, Molly was going to go straight to Sherlock. Anna swallowed and glanced around to make sure that no one was sitting too close. “Molly…” she began, unsure of what to say. She decided to take Mycroft’s approach, and just get it over with. “You probably don’t know this, but John Watson was not my real father.”
. There is no one I would not kill to survive!” Spittle flew from her mouth.
Because that was the only reasonable outcome of the situation. Sherlock realized, after pacing for some time, that part of the nerves he had were ones of excitement: this would break John and Mary apart. It could do nothing else—John clearly didn’t love her, had married her under a false pretense of being “over” Sherlock (Sherlock snorted,
John ignored him. “Sherlock, you need to masturbate. This I’m telling you as a doctor, not as your friend or—or—well, you just need to. It’s essential for testicular health.”
Lestrade smile faded. “Ah, well, still…” he started, and then a moment of awkward silence ensued.
Mary groaned in frustration and reached over to shut off the tap.
Sherlock sighed again. “He was…” he trailed off, as if searching for the right description and not finding it. He took a deep breath. “It’s never been easy for me to explain my feelings. I can explain everything else, but I can’t explain that.”
Now, in the kitchen, Molly put her arm around Anna and said she was hoping to have some “girl time” with her that evening.
John noticed Sherlock’s hair had started to frizz in a halo around his head, from the heated mist of the shower. He wanted to smooth it for him, run his hands through the curls, as he dreamt of so many times over the last thirteen years. That was where the crazy part came in. John supposed he should have taken the whole thing slower, but for him it had already been horribly, painfully slow. He’d been waiting for this moment for a long time, and he couldn’t wait any longer.
By the time Anna was seven, she’d already started playing defense. The comments that the children repeated to her, those that they had heard their parents make, she denied them with an anger and fervor, not really understanding what they meant, but knowing that they were against her and against Sherlock.
Sherlock was not a sexual being. In all the years they’d lived together, John had never so much as heard him masturbate. He’d never found any porn, or toys, or any kind of sex-anything in Sherlock’s room (and he’d certainly looked thoroughly, on those days when he’d had to search for drugs). He’d never had a girlfriend, or boyfriend, or lover of any sort, at least in the time John had known him. The closest he’d come to that was Janine, but he’d heard from Mary who’d heard from Janine that they’d never done more that kiss. He’d thought perhaps Sherlock had had a thing for Irene Adler, the Woman, but he had long suspected that the feelings were of pure intellectual admiration and had nothing to do a sexual attraction.
John felt a surge of fear, followed by confusion, followed by anger. “What the hell is that supposed to mean? What happened?”
, Anna thought to herself.
That’s bloody
“Sherlock,“ Molly began, “maybe that’s what they want you to do. Did you ever think of that?”
His eyes were pleading now, a hint of desperation behind the pity. “Okay, but can you please just try? For me?” He stepped closer, reaching out again to touch my elbow. “I know you love me. And I also know your whole life has been about avoiding love because it doesn’t make sense. But it does. And I... respect the fact that you have to work that out on your own.”
John was not amused. He got up from the sofa and stomped to the refrigerator. “Head between your knees,” he called, and then he was opening cupboards, clunking glasses. I leaned forward until my chest rested on my thighs, and watched the floor moving up and down with my labored breath. Closer—farther—closer—farther—I tried to keep the floor as far away as I could for as long as possible. Deep breaths. Closer… farther… closer… farther…
,’” the stone-carver had said, frowning. “I know,” Sherlock had told him, “but I’ll have it anyway.”
He kissed me, and I liked it.
—“ He took a deep breath and stared at his plate, and Sherlock could tell he was resisting the urge to throw the whole thing at his face. “What do you want from me? You want me to sit and tell you the whole story, all thirteen years, from beginning to end? How I was—“ He stopped again, and took a few more deep breaths to quiet himself. “Or do you just want to hate me for a little while? I remember... I was angry, too, when I learned you’d faked your death. But you have no reason to be angry with me—
father, Dr. John Hamish Watson
Sherlock looked him up and down. Thinner, by at least fifteen pounds. Several more wrinkles, especially around the eyes and mouth. Hair shorter than the last time he saw him. And grayer.
for once? Why can’t you understand?” She wrung her hands at him. “Do you know how bloody hard it’s been for me to grow up with you as my father?” Then she laughed, shrilly. “But you’re not my father, are you? I never knew anyone else, but you’d never let me call you my ‘father.’ Oh, no, my father was John Watson, hero and martyr. Well, you know what—fuck him. Fuck John-bloody-Watson!”
“I’ll bring you some,” offered John, and Sherlock heard him go into his bedroom, pull open and close two dresser drawers, and come back to the bathroom door. Sherlock smiled to himself; John still remembered exactly how he organized his clothes. “Here, open.” Sherlock stood behind the door and opened it a little, and John thrust some pajama bottoms, pants, and a t-shirt in through the crack.
apology.” He paused. “I don’t have the words for it, though. Nor enough time… nor breath.” His eyes suddenly shone. “What I said to you, that day, it…” he paused again, then nodded. “Yeah, it still haunts me. There’s not a day that goes by that I don’t regret what I said.”
It was Sherlock’s turn to snort, and John smiled again. “I’m perfectly capable of managing them myself.”
I thought things would be different after that, and so did he. There, so close to death, I told him I had wanted him with me, not
As always, feedback is very much appreciated.
is what I want.” He nodded towards his murderous crony, and the man kicked John in the stomach.
I smirked, wiggling my toes. “Exactly.”
It was the first time Sherlock had said his name. It sounded much too familiar, and John felt a rush of emotion. He wasn’t sure what emotion it was but it rushed loud into his ears and eyes before it passed. When it had finally, he nodded and said, “Goodnight.” Then he went to his room and got under the quilt and lay there all night without ever falling asleep.
Back jean pockets? Hips?
John swallowed as Sherlock’s gaze met his, and he felt the tips of his ears grow hot with the awkwardness of it.
Sherlock closed his eyes again, lightly rubbing his prick through the fabric, letting his mind wander back to the dream, completing it. He deleted the wall of pie-baking ovens (how bizarre) and instead imagined their
“Thank God.”
Well, John wasn’t about to give up at that point, because he was still pretty sure, like seventy five percent, that Sherlock was bluffing, so he stumbled down to Mrs. Hudson’s to get ahold of some of her herbal soothers. And when he returned Sherlock said, “Only if you do.” So they lit up and took a couple hits each, and then, to John’s shock and wonderment, Sherlock disappeared to his bedroom and reappeared with an electric guitar.
He and Sherlock moved back to the bed to sleep. It was more comfortable than the floor and they couldn’t have possibly been apart again, not after what had happened, even if Sherlock was pants at sharing a bed with someone. When they got into the bed they did have to spend some time arranging themselves since the bed was only normally big enough for one person to sleep in. They ended up both on their sides facing each other with their knees touching and their arms resting in the middle together.
John didn’t look at Sherlock directly but he saw him eat everything that he was given and drink all of his tea. He thought it was the most he’d ever seen Sherlock eat in one sitting. He almost said something but caught himself in time. That was what Sherlock wanted and John would not do it, not to spite him but because he didn’t actually care. If Sherlock ate full meals now it was no concern of his and it didn’t affect him one way or another. He would not say anything because any words he used would be meaningless and only to fill the void of silence, which was a void that John was comfortable with now. They could sit and eat in silence and if Sherlock was uncomfortable then it wasn’t John’s problem.
“But when you both came to see me at the morgue… I though you two were…”
seen a little boy around, and that the Carruthers seemed like polite, decent people, Lestrade had dropped the whole thread of inquiry and chalked it all up to coincidence and poor intuition.
“No,” Sherlock told her. “You won’t. You love him, Mary.”
“I didn’t threaten anybody,” denied Mycroft, calmly extracting a watch from his pocket. It was one of those solid gold heirloom types which was probably worth more than John’s life. He flipped it open with practiced ease.
“Feeling better, then?” Lestrade asked, already beginning to stand.
But he still refused to eat.
“Partly because of my secret life as a blood servant to a family of ancient supernatural beings. Partly because of my dedication to my demanding and very dangerous career. And I’m not going to pretend our declining sex life has nothing to do with it. But.. mostly because I keep running off to the flat of a gorgeous young man and coming back hours later looking dazed and happy.” He laughed at his own tragic joke, gingerly setting the newspaper aside.
Lestrade shook his head. “Either an individual disconnects from their family to enter into service or they’re raised in a family of blood servants.”
Enjoy!
“One thing is certain, we can’t rely on the police for accurate information. Or any information.” Sherlock sighed as they looked for a place to eat.
“That good, is it?” John smirks, ready to grab a stray scalpel should the vampire forget the formalities and lunge for him. Sherlock pursed his lips, sucking them clean.
John scanned over a detailed graphite portrait, labelled mirror portrait 1882. He was fairly plain of face, with sleepy, dark eyes, a patchy beard and beaky nose. The right eye was also a tad higher than the left, but he assumed that was just a drawing mistake. It was slightly disorienting to know that the skull that sat behind that face was currently sitting on his mantelpiece. But it was beginning to make sense, in a way. Plenty of people keep ashes of loved ones on display, it wasn’t much different than that. He remembered all the comrades he lost on the battlefield. The ones that had to be left behind, so their friends and families had nothing left of them but a few leftover belongings and a medal to remember them by. “I’m so sorry.”
“Go stand by that pile of wood.” He instructed, walking to a large tree at the other end of the clearing. He drew a knife he kept in his belt and carved a rough circle in the trunk. Once he had a half-decent target drawn up he walked back to John, who making himself look ridiculous by trying to find a way to hold the bow without looking ridiculous. Sherlock took the contraption from him and loaded it with one of the arrows he had in his pocket. “You brace it against your shoulder like so…”
John chuckled to relieve the tension in the room. “So this is all the blood loss?”
"Good evening sirs. How can we help you today?" A young man with a diamond bright smile and hair styled within an inch of it's life asked breezily.
"I... didn't really notice."
John blinked hard. "We've been scraping the bottom of the barrel for weeks!"
“So… no headshots. Nothing below the belt. Right?” John began, taking a position opposite from his flatmate.
“I drank from Victor at night. So when he’d come to, it would be early morning and when I offered to cook for him, he’d request bacon and eggs. So I’ve never learnt to cook anything other than bacon and eggs.” Sherlock elaborated slowly as he tipped the eggs onto the same plate that held the bacon and carried the plate to the spot John had officially, unofficially claimed at the kitchen table. “If you ever choose to repeat tonight’s events and would prefer something different, I’d be more than happy to have Mrs. Hudson teach it to me.”
Because he was tired and didn’t feel like having an argument with Sherlock’s ass, John let the issue go. With a sigh, he dropped his bag onto the bed and began unpacking.
It was towards that sense of home and family that he rode towards that morning. If you could call it morning. The sun hadn’t yet risen. The horizon had just begun to show the barest hint of pink. But Sherlock didn’t care. It would be light enough by the time he reached the forest. That’s all that mattered. As far as he was concerned, the sun in the sky was only sand in an hourglass, counting down the moments until he could see John.
Sherlock raised his bony hand to halt our landlady's relentless onslaught of polite conversation. "Mrs. Hudson. Don't take this the wrong way, but your mindless drivel could wake the dead then bore them back to death immediately after. And, in my current state, I honestly don't think I could survive it."
Before the words had even left his mouth, Sherlock was up, whirling about like a hawk set loose in the house. “Allow me.”
“No one pays me.” Lestrade said with the flat voice of someone bored of repeating the same line. “And if I was getting paid, it bloody well wouldn’t be enough.”
When John entered the room, Sherlock looked exactly as he always did.
Sherlock flagged down a cab. The ride was silent as John attempted to process the events of the day and edit it down to a potential blog entry and Sherlock fell deeper into the same stormy mood he was in that morning. John was sure a case would've brought him out of it. They usually did.
“Oh, you really are new to this. In the short term, the endorphins in vampire saliva is known to cause a high which, I’ve heard, feels like a prolonged orgasm.” The mousy girl in the lab coat dropped a petri dish. She squeaked when it broke against the ground. Sherlock let out a low groan and shot a slow glare her way.
And it was moments like these, when he was caught unarmed between a criminal with a gun and an ancient supernatural being from the deepest depths of legend in an abandoned house where two kids were being held captive, that the feeling became most prominent.
He snickered. "Sherlock's a big boy. He can handle it." John didn't look entirely convinced. "Look, I've been around their kind for awhile. They consider it rude to go about killing randomly."
"You're the bastard who kidnapped me." Mycroft eyelids fluttered innocently, as though he were merely caught in a some silly misunderstanding, rather than accused of a kidnapping
“I’m sure to prescribe me with an ample dose of morphine.”
“Oh. It had to be that you should really pack your own bags instead of assuming I packed mine with you in mind.”
“Threatened me?” He asked incredulously, ignoring John’s concerns entirely. “No, actually that does sound about right, considering he’s also terrible brother.” He flopped into his chair, earning a monumental eye-roll from said brother.
That was a lot of information to take in while inebriated, so John didn’t mostly. He just let it glide gently over his head as Sherlock licked at the drained wounds on his shoulder. “Still hungry?”
Realization spread across Sherlock’s face. “Oh. You’ve been reading those idiotic stories.” He smirked, lifting his glass. “Do yourself a favor and don’t assume to know anything about us. Vampirism isn’t a virus, so much as a subspecies. All of those stories are ju-” He froze mid-sentence
It was ridiculous. Outlandish. Like something out of a penny dreadful. The scary part was, he was beginning to make sense. "That is definitely not your business."
“I’ll need your mouthwash.” Sherlock demanded, head popping up from under the bed.
“Why not? It’s a missing persons case. Basically a game of large-scale hide and seek while carrying a sobbing client on my back.” Sherlock spat, looking like he just found a pubic hair in his blood bag. “It’s not as if we actually needed the money anyway.”
John shrugged with a smirk. “I got carried away.”
“Then steal some.”
Sherlock sat, with half his coat still hanging off his shoulder. He stared intently, obviously fighting the urge to bite his lip and shrink away like a scolded child.
"What? What am I missing?" John asked,
"Werewolves." John wondered aloud, between bites of sub-par Chinese food. Due to a sudden decrease in interesting crimes and patients at the local clinic, he couldn't quite afford his usual place. Luckily, he wasn't desperate enough to resort to Angelo's. The food is never bad, but you get sick of pasta and garlic bread very quickly when eating it three times a day.
And John’s polite smiles got just a little bit toothier every hour now.
“Money, right?” John was at the end of his rope in many ways, but mostly financially. He managed to convince himself that once he had some money, he could sort all the rest out. Once he could afford to live, he could work on wanting to.
“Had a letter for me.” John gestured to the coffee table, hoping it would prompt Sherlock to get off his back. His headache was coming back and he wasn’t really in the mood to deal with his ridiculous unresolved issues involving his brother. Thankfully, the letter was enough to lure the curious vampire away.
Sherlock shrugged. “She reeks of conspiracy theorist. She’d have trusted a nameless organization over me any day of the week. I can’t have her talking about us helping her, either. We abandoned the case, remember? This way, we’re just tourists who may or not have connections.”
"You can't be serious." Sherlock groaned, turning back with all the insolence of a teenager. "look at the amount of detail. The precision. Do you think she was just born with that kind of talent? This killer's had practice. A lot of it." He pivoted away again, flipping his collar up as he began the trip down the stairs.
They met the kidnappers about 15 minutes later in the back seat of Lestrade's car. They were communicating through an intricate series of videos uploaded to youtube from an undisclosed location. The detective and the doctor were quickly shown the first few videos, all of a man in a black ski mask but occasionally featuring a pair of twin girls. Nothing could be clearly distinguished from any of the videos except the girls. They were displayed like jewelry in a window. Always well-lit and posed.
“The man who kidnapped me. He said a lot of… stuff. About you. And well… I was just wondering…”
"John, you're a doctor. Tell me your opinion as a medical professional." Captain John Watson took a deep breath and curled his hands into fists. It took every ounce of his strength to step away from the edge of the room and walk into that ghastly tableau, but once he was in it, examining the body of the victim became as easy as breathing.
This is it! The moment you've all been waiting for! I had to rewrite it like three times and I'm probably going to fail my math class because of it. But it's beautiful and I have no regrets.
John wondered drowsily how Sherlock could see anything in the utter darkness of the room. But the matter immediately resolved itself as a weird vampire thing. "If I do, will you let me sleep?"
Sherlock’s phone binged. Then a few minutes later it binged again. He checked it with all the urgency of a sedated sloth, reaching over to the coffee table and flicking the screen with his thumb in slow motion, one hand still combing through his slightly damp curls and one eye half closed. He huffed in acknowledgment after reading what was probably a text.
“Watch him for me.” Mycroft briefly grimaced at his lack of thought in his wording. “Just, look after him. He seems incapable of doing it himself, yesterday’s events made that clear.”
“I’m not giving you morphine, Sherlock.” John rolled his eyes, secretly pleased to have the old Sherlock back.
If anything, that answer baffled John further. “But… what would make someone desperate enough to break into a secured mansion full of staff and kidnap a couple of kids?”
John sighed and took a long sip of his tea to buy himself a little time to sort through his patchy memory. "You do understand that it's... not very good to sneak into someone's room and do things to them while they're asleep, right?"
*please excuse my unconventional spelling of the word 'god' I couldn't find another way to elongate the word without making it look like 'good'
“Wait wait wait. No. Stop.” John interjected, interrupting the bout of childish squabbling. “He kidnapped me. Threatened me. Threatened you. And now he’s having tea on our sofa…. Excuse me if I feel like I’m missing something.”
The Irene chapters do still exist and will be re-posted, I just realized they need to come later in the story.
"In a way." Sherlock responded, softly vibrating with pleasure. "My saliva contains several painkilling agents. It's sure to keep you... comfortable for the hour or so."
"I just hope this doesn't affect our pay."
This was perhaps the easiest chapter I've written so far but as it is just Sherlock being smoll and soft, I'm not surprised.
221b looked deserted when he entered. He figured Mrs. Hudson had already gone to bed and Sherlock was still off chasing that murderer. A worry nagged at the back of his exhausted mind, but he ignored it in favor of tackling the gargantuan task of hiking the staircase. It was by far the most daunting task of the day.
“But why-“ Sherlock protested, only to be cut off by the man physically shoving him in the general direction of his horse.
“It’s a crossbow. It works a little like that sling shot of yours, but with much more power.” Sherlock explained, the chill becoming unbearable in the absence of his cloak. “I’ll show you how to use it, once you get a fire going.”
Before he could think up any theories, the man kicked his leg, jolting him to attention. “Who the hell are you?”
"He's killed before." The man mentioned casually, just as John spotted an exit sign. John sighed."Or haven't you noticed the human skull displayed so proudly on his mantelpiece?"
“Not happening, Sherlock.” John said over the edge of his laptop. By his rumpled forehead, he was probably filtering out all of the important and interesting bits out of the last few days so he could transcribe the remaining watered down dregs onto his blog. Sherlock wondered how he might adapt the events of last night for the eyes of the general public. Perhaps the human version of himself which lives in John’s fictionalized world had contracted a cold and needed the help of a doctor. Or maybe he’d… forgotten to eat while caught up in the chase again and John ordered take-out. Both options were adequately boring and inaccurate.
He ripped a page out of the notepad. “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other, wouldn't you say?”
He left with Mrs. Hudson chirping a kindly "Good luck!" After him.
“God, why do I ever let you make tea? This is awful.” John grimaced as Sherlock pretended to drink his own cup of vaguely warm water.
"Lestrade, dig through this girl's history. Find out what she had in common with the other victims. Have the victim's laptop, notebooks and journals sent to baker street. Anything she might have written on. Oh, and email me the crime scene photos" Sherlock ordered the detective inspector, sweeping out of the room like a very well choreographed murder of crows leaving a cornfield.
"No man would call himself 'the muse'. Stop being boring. The murder is only a medium. A means to an end. Killing this girl was not her goal. Her goal was to create this scene. Look at the care she took in positioning the subject. The attention to detail in the line work. She even put in the effort to frame and sign it. This murderer is an artist," Sherlock purred before throwing himself entirely into studying the scene.
"Two lives saved by lunchtime." John sighed, admiring the light filtering through the leaves of the trees hanging over them. "Not a bad way to start a day."
"Mm. Most liquids, actually. But, to be fair, it has got a drop of Molly in it." John giggled, despite himself. In the morgue, the man had seemed so sharp and dangerous, but here, in the cluttered little flat with the quaint wallpaper and skulls scattered about like morbid Easter eggs, he seemed almost normal. It was impossible to think of him as the subject of a thousand black and white era horror movies when his eyes were dull and crusted and his hair was ruffled.
“Isn’t it? Every other day I hear of another teenage pregnancy, another ripped condom, another missed pill. You people are overrunning the planet already. You might not have ten illegitimate children, but from my extensive experience, that is hardly the outlier.” He said, the very voice of reason.
He’d run out on his brother’s court (with a peasant boy in a wig standing in for him, to delay Mycroft’s wrath) to collect poisonous plants (Not many are planted in the gardens, surprisingly enough) from the forest beyond the borders of their land (which Mycroft and their father had specifically forbade him from ever setting foot in).
Sherlock glanced at John with a look of surprise and faint distaste. “Alright.” He sighed, pushing himself from his chair.
Lord knows he didn’t like being the figure of authority in times like these. But John, being a soldier, might find some comfort in following orders. Sherlock fumbled through the drawer of the nightstand conveniently within arm’s reach, pulling out a narrow wooden box and a cheap lighter. With a practiced flick, he lit a stick of incense already set up on the nightstand. Japanese. Wisteria scented. Much too sugary for his tastes, but most humans find it calming.
“It’s definitely a game, but it’s not mine. Hostage situations. It’s a desperate act, committed by desperate idiots who don’t know what they’re doing. They’re very much like dogs. They bark because they’re scared but they won’t actually bite. They’re not prepared to take a life. It doesn’t matter what demands they make or how little time they say you have, they don’t want to do it. Even if they're psychopaths, they're not going to get rid of their only bargaining chips.” Sherlock reasoned, as though calming a panicked horse. Lestrade nodded, but his expression still burned with doubt. "When an annoying lap dog yaps at your ankles, acting scared only gives it power. The more you panic, the less control you have over the situation. So if you'll excuse me, I need to get dressed."
“Not as often as I used to.” Sherlock smirked, impishly. “Hungry?”
Also, I'd like to announce that I have a sort of prelude story, 'The Victor Chronicles', is newly posted with that new fic smell and everything. I really enjoyed writing it so I know you'll probably enjoy reading it. If you wouldn't mind, I'd really appreciate it if you'd take a moment to give it some love.
“Well, why not? It’s bound to pay well.”
“You didn’t think I slept in the burrow fully clothed, did you? It’s fairly clean, for a hole in the ground, but it’s still a hole in the ground.” John continued grumbling over the sound of splashing water as he washed up. “What’s that on your back? It looks like you’ve grown a second head.”
Mycroft shook his head. “I’ve heard only whispers so far. But whoever it is, they have eyes all over the city and every one of them is fixed on Sherlock.”
"Yeah so?" Sherlock answered only with a pointed silence. John got it. "The best friend called him her mother's boyfriend."
“Someone has to make sure you don’t pass out. Would you like it to be me or John?”
Lord, did his sweat smell delicious.
John didn’t answer. He didn’t turn. He just kept walking.
This chapter was pretty fun for me so I hope you get some giggles out of it too. There's a vague lesson in vampiric law in there that you will not be tested on, but would do well to keep in mind as it might come up later.
“Everything. Everywhere.” He replied in short gasps, determined to be difficult.
"This." He lifted the narrow wooden box to the light, allowing John to wonder about it for just a moment before lifting the lid. "Is a knife."
"So what is this, exactly? Because I am... utterly lost."
http://img03.imgsinemalar.com/images/karakter_buyuk/1216/Nino-Quincampoix-1.jpg
Sherlock appeared the second his brother passed the threshold, suddenly hovering above John’s shoulder. “What was he on about?”
"It's fine. Just let me sleep." He tried to jerk his arm back into his own possession again and failed.
“And it protects you from the cold.”
Lestrade laughed humorlessly behind him. “I just realized something.” he said, with the air of a man waking up in a jail cell, remembering he’s on death row. “I don’t think I’m going to be married for much longer.”
“You could have asked me. Before then.” John pointed out, making an effort not to mention the particular events of yesterday.
They spent no less than five minutes uploading the audio from all four videos into the program, isolating the background noise from the kidnapper's voice and amplifying it. Then it became clear that it wasn't only one sound, it was two. One a fraction higher in pitch than the other. They fluctuated subtly, the pitch and volume shifting seemingly without cause or pattern.
"We've been unable to contact the father. The mother's been dead for four years."
The next day, John looked up from breakfast to see Sherlock flying through the living room with an armful of bottles, jars and brushes. He observed absent-mindedly over his half-finished plate of eggs and toast as Sherlock set the jars down one by one on the mantelpiece in front of the mirror for no other reason than because his eyes needed to land somewhere. John considered the possibility of reaching for the newspaper, but he knew it wasn’t likely he’d find anything remotely worth reading. So he continued watching as Sherlock opened one of the jars, dipped a brush in and started spreading it over his forehead.
“No!” Lestrade protested immediately. “He’s under too much stress. He wouldn’t be able to keep anything down and it’d make recovery just that much harder. Heat’s a pain reliever. It can’t make his body stop digesting itself, but it makes the process less destructive. If we’re really lucky, we might not need drugs.”
“Sherlock!” He groaned, his eyes squinting against the sun. “What the bloody hell are you doing up there?”
Lestrade charged towards him, temper blazing. Sherlock stepped to the side, missing a fist to the head by a mile. He still seems surprised for it. “I swear to god, Sherlock. If this is another childish game of yours I’ll-”
Sherlock made a facial movement which somehow meant ‘I know, I can see her too’, ‘act as natural as you can manage’, and ‘follow my lead’ all at the same time. “Frankly, I think it’s a shame that we as a society have a compulsion to bury this side of ourselves. The urge to kill comes as natural as the urge to breed and survive. It’s primal. Why should we live in shame of our natural urges? If it were up to me, The Muse would be on the front page of tomorrow’s news.” John tried not to look too sick as he nodded along with Sherlock’s conversation. He knew it was a ruse, but he wore it so easily. That fascination in his eyes and the admiration in his voice couldn’t all be fake, could it? And if it was that easy to fake such despicable behaviour, how could John ever know which parts of this strange creature were real? “She should be commended, praised. Not tossed in some cell to rot. It’s a shame. An utter waste of talent.”
"We did a civil service. Took a bad man off the streets." John reasoned, whether for his benefit or Sherlock's he couldn't be entirely sure
“Turning down a case?” John asked, putting his feet up on the coffee table.
“I probably do but this time…” He shook his head incredulously. “There was one report that was only one sentence long. ‘Dead cat in forest probably killed by wolf.’ If you’re making a report about a dead animal, there must be something that makes you think it’s not a wolf attack. Otherwise, why make an official report of something so mundane?”
John laughed again. "I don't think so. Now, if you don't mind, I was in the middle of catching a murderer when you kidnapped me. And I’d very much like to get back to it.”
“Four. But Lestrade thinks there are only three. He’ll figure it out.”
It was probably deadly vegetation, but it could be anything. The possibilities thrilled him.
Sherlock turned to him. Any expression his face might have had were completely erased by the stuff on his skin, giving off the frightening impression that he was wearing a mask of his own face, but his actions signified a hint of surprise. “Industrial grade sunscreen. It’s basically paint, to be honest. The forecast says it’ll be sunny today and I plan on spending quite a bit of time outside. This is the most effective way to keep my face from burning.” As he spoke, he fastened the jar and picked up a flesh-toned bottle, applying its contents with the same efficiency.
I wanted to bring some of the pure canon into this fic, so Sherlock’s practically a professional makeup artist.
There was a long silence as John allowed himself to absorb the letter in its entirety and Sherlock tried his best not to spontaneously combust.
It wasn’t that he didn’t believe Sherlock could defend himself, he’d seen the man wrestle and talk his way out of a number of situations. It was just that his flatmate’s acting skills were a bit more captivating than usual. There were tears involved and drawn out negotiations. “There were still quite a few of them.”
"Well, I don't know your dietary preferences! I just thought you really liked beans and toast!" Sherlock snapped angrily, causing the client to peer in at them. "Sorry, brief... Culinary discussion."
“Oh? Why would you say that?” John asked sympathetically.
John got dressed in a matter of seconds, only getting his shirt on the right way by the grace of god. He reached for the door knob.
“One of the small animals killed was someone’s pet dog. Rabbits and sparrows are one thing, but it takes a special sort of sick to kill a dog. Humans have been genetically engineering dogs to be lovable and since before history itself. Anyone to knowingly brutalize one clearly has a serious empathy problem.” Sherlock grimaced at the mirror. He turned away from his reflection and pinned John with an intense, searching stare. The sort of stare that left the person on the wrong end of it feeling insignificant and trapped. It really didn’t help that Sherlock had yet to draw his eyebrows back in. “I’m missing something. Mascara?”
His only response was an exasperated eyeroll. “And in the long term, I could offer you a good death.”
After a moment’s consideration, Lestrade conceded, stepping aside to allow Sherlock to drag John out the door. "But you're coming in tomorrow to give me your official statement!" He shouted after them in a failed attempt at salvaging a shred of his authority.
“Yes. Incense. To calm the nerves.”
http://www.fototime.com/ftweb/bin/ft.dll/picture?PictId={7CE49160-FC74-46AD-A5C1-EBCF7DD31AC7}&size=ORIG
“How far behind us is she?” Sherlock mumbled from the corner of his mouth.
“You know why not.” He barked, pulled a face. Lestrade took a moment to think before pulling the same face.
“It isn’t, but I’m grateful all the same.” He admitted, laying his umbrella across his knees like a sword atop some great tomb monument. There was silence. The only sound John could hear was his own breathing. The only thing that moved was the dust that slowly settled over them.
“What, now? Aren’t you cold?”
Sherlock erupted into thunderous laughter. The kind that made his ribcage heave and the air swirl around the room in whirlpools and waves and left them both breathless. “True. Maybe I should take it easy in these, my sunset years.”
Anyways, I feel fairly good about how this chapter turned out. So I hope you enjoy!
Copy and paste: etsy.com/shop/Littlepatchofhell
He hummed his acknowledgement over his violin.
John pretended to ignore the searing glares the forensics team gave him as he followed. "Sherlock, what am I doing here?" John growled under his breath. A twinge of pain flared up in his thigh, like a grain of burning sand lodged between his thigh muscles.
“Are you delivering my mail now? How lovely.” John chuckled as he accepted it. The envelope was thick, the grain of the paper a lot richer than the standard grade. It was sealed with deep green wax inscribed with a stylized orchid flower. John expected the contents would be written in 18
“You’ve been with men before” Sherlock stated, pleaded.
Sherlock laughed euphorically as he passed over the river that marked the edge of their territory. Mycroft was probably discovering his absence at that very moment. Oh, he wished he could see his uptight brother’s face turn red when discovering he’d been fooled by some farmer’s son.
“No. John, I must insist you put those down now.” Sherlock said, frantically tugging at John's sleeve.
"A species of hyper intelligent insect, not entirely unlike bees. They all went extinct a century ago. But I saw a colony once, as a kid. From a distance they actually do look almost humanoid."
“He was beautiful. A truly exceptional human being. I watched him grow up. I observed the development of every line and wrinkle on his face. I tended to all of his wounds, from papercut to knifewound. I drank so much of his blood, I often suspected I had more of him floating around my system than me.” Sherlock continued, dreamily running his fingertips across the aged paper. “He’s been dead for a century, but my life will go on for another thousand years or more. There’s no one to remember him but me.”
“I’m not a magician, John. No matter how often you insist so on your blog.” Sherlock sighed, pouting to himself. “Women have never been my area of expertise.”
“Yes.” John grunted, pulling on a jacket. He couldn’t be sure if Sherlock was referring to hitting him with a door or brushing his teeth, but the answer to both of the questions was basically the same so it didn’t matter. “Speaking of which you should probably put yours in.”
John chuckled at the siblings' antics. “Do you do that often? Sell off his stuff while he’s not looking?”
“It would stand up in court though, should you choose to press charges.” Mycroft pointed out, slipping his phone back into his pocket. “Now, would let me in?
“Scrapping ‘the case of the bloody grannies’ then, eh?” Sherlock grumbled as he lay stretched out over the sofa, positively glowing with post-case satisfaction.
So, if you had any particular part you liked, please feel more than free to tell me. If you're confused by something, go on and shout it out. If you want to know what's happening next, then please just ask! I won't give you an answer, but ask anyways. It's fun being a tease.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This isn’t a fucking racetrack you bloody idiot! The speed limit’s 97!” John shouted, clinging to his seat for dear life.
John yanked the paper from his hand and made an attempt to smooth it out. “Well, I’ll see about that.”
“No. I can’t ask that of you.” Sherlock replied in the tone of someone who would very much like to. “You’re too new. You don’t understand-.”
“Yes?” A bored voice murmured into it.
Sherlock smirked, his eyes narrowing cattishly. “Molly, draw his blood.”
“And their parents just play along!” The middle-aged woman with no less than two cats and less experience in child rearing than the average sack of potatoes splayed a hand over her heart, as though she was liable to faint from the very idea. “In my day, they never would’ve gotten away with such a thing. None of this ‘free-spirit’ nonsense.”
“Kidnapped children. Hostage situation. I’ll give you the details on the way.” John stood immediately, grabbing his jacket on the way to the door. Sherlock languorously stood with all of the haste of a lazy sunday afternoon and made his way to his bedroom.
Sherlock pushed his chair back and adjusted his scarf. “It’s about time we headed home. Lestrade’s probably sent me those crime scene photos by now and I’d like to research some of the imagery used in this piece.”
Sherlock snapped to attention when the somewhat hypnotic clicking of the keyboard stopped. He looked up to find John rubbing at his temples, wincing from a mild headache. The saliva must be wearing off. Time for another dose.
“You’re not going to die. You’ll be fine.” Lestrade assured. “I’m sorry. I was supposed to be looking after you.”
“Are you actually sick?”
The weight of the silence became too much for Lestrade. His gaze dropped to the floor. “I’m sorry, I-“
John gaped. “Tha- that means... She might still be in the area. She can’t have gone very far in that amount of time.” Suddenly, it felt very wrong to be sitting around chatting. He shoved his chair away from the table and began to stand, wiping his mouth with the back of his sleeve.
“Wow. That sounds almost like a compliment. I must be dreaming.” John yawned, pushing himself out of bed. He paused when he heard the crinkle of paper under his feet. “So I assume you went over the files last night?”
The violin music faded. Sherlock squinted at John inquisitively, but said nothing.
John groaned. This case could end before lunchtime and it’d still be too long.
“Imagine you were enjoying a slab of burnt cow at a restaurant and the cook came up, asked you how you’re liking it then ejaculated all over it.” Sherlock illustrated, somberly. “It’s bad.”
John huffed a bewildered laugh. “You want me to kill you?”
He could feel Sherlock’s cool breath against his face, like first gust of fall at the end of summer. It came stronger, closer. Sherlock’s eyes filled his vision turning the entire world misty green and grey. Fingers drifted over his shirt and hands clutched at Sherlock’s bare shoulder blades. Their mouths met.
John giggled, not realizing he was serious until Sherlock shrugged his dressing gown off and tossed it aside. “You don’t have to prove anything to me, you know.”
“Hah.” John grinned triumphantly as he pinned Sherlock to the rug with some effort as the man was quite wriggly. Sherlock scowled and stilled, knowing he’d been beaten. He tossed his head, not in any effort to free himself but to get the lock of hair out of his face as his hands were currently pinned above him. He huffed like a petulant child.
I had to put myself into the mind of a middle-aged man for this chapter and I damn well hope you appreciate it. Because that is not a very comfortable place for me. Also, good nude lipstick is like the fourth best thing to happen to this world, right under exotic lipsticks, bees and women.
He was hardly conscious enough to feel Sherlock's mouth wander down his forearm to his hand, sucking and licking the skin clean. "Hmm. It should be a crime to let your blood go to waste.  Ooh, if that damn painter didn't have a death sentence in her future, I'd kill her myself." He locked his mouth around the soldier's wrist, irreverently pressing his teeth into the delicate flesh. Not hard enough to break the skin, just to feel the heat of him against his tongue.
“Hurts. Oh god it hurts.” Sherlock panted, his eyes squeezing shut. “Please. Please don’t go.”
The next few days passed by with ease. They announced to the police that there didn’t seem to be much point in investigating further, but no one was expecting them back in London for another week so they might as well stay and see the sights.
“No. And it’s name is Victor, by the way.” He barked in a burst of annoyance. “He was murdered. Mugged and gutted by a common thief. I found his body in a cold alleyway. It wasn’t the way he was supposed to go.”
When John got over the split second of shock one gets from walking into a magazine, he realized Sherlock was talking.
“Yes, we do.” Sherlock said with a confident smirk. “We’ve got all the time in the world.”
John only saw glimpses of his vampire flatmate for the next four days. Whenever he'd walk into a room, he'd find Sherlock just leaving it. Whenever he left, he'd hear Sherlock's bedroom door open on his way out. Once, he'd gotten so frustrated with the ridiculous tactics that he broke into Sherlock's bedroom only to find that he had vanished entirely.
“Uhm.” Sherlock mumbled, biting his lip with a sudden bout of nervousness. “About yesterday.”
He turned, wondering which one of the eerily glowing doors lining the hall was the exit.
After an athletic bout of haggling, involving a not entirely insignificant amount thinly veiled insults, Sherlock swept out of the store counting a stack of cash so thick he having some difficulty wrapping his hand around it. “Of course it’s all in ones, the self-indulgent, greedy old relic.”
“There was a recent poisoning scare at Holmes Manor. It turned out to be just badly preserved meat, but everyone’s been on high guard since. My brother’s hired ten new taste-testers and they’re all dreadful company. So, I figured if I could understand all the most common and deadliest poisons, I might be able to find cures to their effects, negating the need for people to hover over us every time we eat.” Sherlock explained, a little surprised that he was able to make it through to the end without interruption. Usually, there’d be some interjection of ‘but that’s insane’ or ‘what does that mean?’ or ‘Apologies. My brother still doesn’t quite understand that corpses have no place in polite conversation’. While this new development was fascinating and more than a little thrilling, he wasn’t really sure what to do now. The golden man just stood there, looking thunderstruck. “Honestly, Anderson’s getting to be such a bore that if I can’t find effective antidotes I might just purposefully poison my wine. Anything to get him to stop him talking-“
would have noticed he was gone. But if they had, they would’ve told Mycroft. So they couldn’t have.
"Mmm. Tired now," Sherlock mumbled, his speech slightly slurred. The now empty blood bag fell from his mouth to the table. "Tell you in an hour or so..."He pulled himself to his feet with some effort and swayed like a drunk to the couch, where he collapsed into a blue satin heap.
As he rode down the invisible corridor of trees, he heard a single syllable carried over the wind.
“Could you at the very least look away?” Sherlock huffed at Lestrade.
And this time, he might actually have something to write about.
Harold curled a bony hand around it. “What are you asking?”
“All of the stores will have closed by now.”
"Boyfriend sounds so trivial, but I suppose the term is accurate."
Sherlock gaped in stunned silence even as the door flew open.
Inside the room, a small army of people in sterile blue plastic buzzed about the small apartment taking samples, snapping pictures. They all began to disperse even before Lestrade called for a ten minute break. Anderson lingered, unable to resist putting in his own opinion. "No one's seen anything like it. But if I had to guess... I'd say he's some sort of satanist fanatic."
Still, there was nothing but stubborn silence. And the rat scurrying up a pipe down the corridor. “It’s actually fairly common among English vampires. About… 23% have their fangs removed due to growth defects. But most have replacement fangs made of from tiger teeth and ivory which really isn’t a good idea. Even without considering the environmental and legal ramifications. Artificial materials tend to be more sterile and less prone to holding on to bacteria. That’s why you can often identify a vampire by how much their breath smells like death. And it’s also why I use porcelain dentures and soak them in alcohol every-“
Heya! This turned out a lot later than I expected, but I recently got a new job so I din't have as much time or energy as I used to.
Hey guys! Sorry about being so late. But I will be finding myself stuck on a plane headed for England in just under 2 weeks, so the next one might be just around the corner!
“Sherlock. Stop.” The world’s greatest detective froze with one arm in his coat and the other reaching for his scarf. John sprinkled a little salt over the eggs and continued to chow down. Taking small, careful bites to keep himself from wolfing it down too quickly. “Sit down.”
“Yes. You are.” Sherlock said calmly, with just the slightest edge of threat in his voice. “Don’t worry. They’ll be here in a second. Just sit back and keep quiet and they’ll set you free.”
There were exceptions, of course. His personal maid found him amusing and Sir Lestrade was always willing to hear out his crazy ideas on how to improve the defense systems. But the general consensus was that Sherlock was not likable under any circumstances. He preferred it that way, in fact. He found that once people found you enjoyable to be around they made a point of spending time with you and trading meaningless small talk and…
“Starving.”
“Well. It is somewhat true.” John mentioned between bites. “If you consider blood a juice.”
Sherlock laughed, not his usual pretend human laugh, but something deeper. Realer. More carnal. “It’s… been so long. So long since I’ve ever… even wanted.” Sherlock murmured against his lips, the phrase an intricate tapestry woven with three threads- deep longing and sharp apprehension and loss. It echoed in the air, like the moans of ghosts.
John gave him an incredulous glance and burst into giggles the second she was out of earshot. “Darling?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I think I should mention that vampires in this universe are kind of like wizards in harry potter. They're a sort of underground society. I'm not sure if I made that clear earlier.
“Alright. Whatever you relationship with your mother is, I don’t care. Just tell me one thing.” John sighed, tossing the letter onto the coffee table and taking a seat in his chair. “Just answer one question for me. What we did yesterday, you drinking from me, that doesn’t mean anything does it? I haven’t accidentally become whatever the vampire equivalent of a fiancé is, have I?”
“You know what I could really use right now?” Sherlock sighed, curled up in an improbably small ball in his PJs and one of his more decadent satin dressing gowns. Nothing hits the spot quite like the blood of someone who truly wants you to have it. He wasn’t entirely sure if it was something about the chemical make-up of the blood itself or the psychological effect of having someone sacrifice something so vital to their existence so willingly that made it so damn satisfying, but he honestly couldn’t remember the last time a meal felt that good. He took a deep breath as his stomach rumbled, reminding him of the heat still inside him, still waiting to be assimilated into his body. “A cigarette.”
He slumped against the headboard, staring off into his own thoughts. “I accept.” The vampire said quietly, almost mouthing the words. It came as surprise to both of them.
John glanced quickly behind them. There was a flash of navy blue behind a dumpster. “About… two yards.”
"No, this way." Sherlock matched on forward.
Sherlock drew himself from his chair stormily, throwing the door open with barely-restrained fury. His brother stood in the doorway with a smile that was just slightly too sugary. As much as Mycroft enjoyed mocking his younger brother’s less than successful efforts at assimilating himself into human society, the supposedly more experienced and knowledgeable vampire was awful at replicating human facial expression.
as the subject of an art piece?" Lestrade considered the question. "...Maybe she was an easy target."
John had an amusing thought. “They were still only half your age.”
"OK... Was he your boyfriend before or after he died?"
“Do you know why you’re on top of me right now, John Watson?” He purred, shifting rather provocatively beneath him. He was bare and helpless, having given up the second John got the upper hand. The floor seemed to rumble gently, like a vibrating mattress at a cheap hotel.
He didn’t want to.
“I think… I think you may have just solved the case.” Sherlock dabbed at the splotch of water he’d sputtered onto his shirt. John groaned despite himself. Solving the case was good of course, but it usually meant more urgent running around and the food hadn’t even come yet. John scooted his chair back and prepared to make a mad dash for the door. “No no, were not leaving yet. I have some light research and planning to do.”
‘Actually,’ John typed out. ‘he did pay in the end. Mrs. Hudson picked his wallet when he dropped by to thank Sherlock.’
John began to observe his flatmate a little more closely during their interactions and so discovered a few things which he never really thought about before.
“My favorite cat breed is the Scottish fold. But of course, I always adopt from shelters.” The cashier of the corner shop went on, despite the fact that no one in the entire building had mentioned cats since they walked in. She pulled out her phone to show them pictures of her darling rascal Spot.
I struggled a lot with this chapter. I re-wrote half of it like seven times. But I'm... sort of alright with the final product. Any feedback would be great.
“The hundred year old toddler, yeah.”
But now that he was stuck in the same room, it was much harder to ignore the cloying scent of his fear. It was thick in the air, sticking at the back of his throat like the remnants of a bad cold. It smelled like some overripe infection, left to swell and ooze for a few too many years. After an hour, it seeped past his throat and coated his tongue. After two, it was like his skin was coated in it. As the smell began to trickle into his head in thick, dark clouds, he gave in.
“So where are you going that requires so much sunscreen?”
“Sherlock said that this was all the effects of starvation. Is that true?” John asked as they watched Sherlock’s consciousness fade.
“The cold doesn’t bother me so much. Neither does heat. I think it’s got something to do with… this.” John gestured vaguely to himself, indicating his ever-present aura.
“Yeah. From what I’ve been told, so is your addiction.” John took a seat on the edge of the coffee table, as his bad leg was giving him hell. “Lestrade will be here any minute now.”
“This is serious.” He breathed, rolling onto his back with some effort.
The man shook his head, aging fifty years in a single breath. "... If anyone found out about this, I'd be out of a job. But we need him. All of the others would rather rip out their tongues than admit it, but we do. Without him, cases don't get solved in time, criminals escape and good people die. It's not pleasant, but... you... were talking about all the blood, weren't you."
"Hands," John muttered, taking a deep breath to steady himself. "There are hands in the fridge," He announced to the vampire at the breakfast table.
That was the downside of being someone no one liked. No one misses you when you’re gone.
That’s… decomposed. Definitely not human. Probably sheep.”
Or so he thought. Mycroft found him in the hall as Sherlock made his way to his room. He caught his younger brother by the ear before he even caught sight of him, dragging him along like a child as he went. “Do you honestly think you’ll escape from dinner again, Sherly?”
“Hm. I didn’t realize it took that long.”
Here it comes. “I was in the for-“
"I can't hear a thing." Lestrade grumbled from the driver's seat as they pulled into the scotland yard parking garage. "Maybe it's the a/c running or something."
In a moment, Sherlock managed to wriggle his legs out from under John’s weight and flip them both over.
“It’s fine, really. I didn-“John made an attempt to brush the topic aside, sensing an oncoming uncomfortable situation.
As he was taking what was perhaps the most satisfying piss in all of human history, his nose caught the bacon frying. It occurred to John that he’d forgotten exactly how much time had passed since he last ate. In fact, he just might’ve forgotten about the existence of food entirely. But none of that mattered, because all he knew now was that the bacon currently cooking smelled so good, he might’ve blacked out for a second just thinking about it. His mouth watered with perhaps the last ounce of moisture left in his body and he almost forgot to put his penis away in his haste to get to the kitchen.
"I was thinking. If vampires exist, then are there werewolves roaming about London? Howling at the full moon from their fire escapes. Ordering their steaks extra rare..."
“Well, I’m not here to talk to you.” Mycroft peered over Sherlock’s shoulder, making eye-contact with the army doctor by the fireplace. “John, could I speak with you for a moment?”
There was an awkward silence as everyone in the room tried to clear their head of that particularly graphic metaphor.
“But, of course you live here, so it’s not like you have a choice. Just say the word, I’ll back off.” He swooped back out of his seat, hardly breathing as he ranted on. “Do you… need anything from tesco? I could pick up the shopping. I noticed you’re low on eggs. Well, I think you are, I’m not entirely sure what a normal amount of eggs is but-”
“What’s that?”
“That’s absolutely ridiculous. You know that right?” he interjected, grinning with bewilderment. As he watched the man’s expressions flicker like a wildfire, Sherlock realized that his body wasn’t actually gold, so much as coated in a fine, shining mist. Except his eyelashes. Those were solid gold. The kind you bind illuminated manuscripts in. “How could you possibly test these ‘cures’? Poison yourself and hope for the best?”
"There are a hundred people in this apartment complex who would have been easier to kill. Just next door, there's a blind old lady who has a bad habit of leaving her door unlocked."
"While that's rather... Flattering, I'm afraid it's entirely impossible." Sherlock said cooly, the slightest smirk tugging at his mouth. “I grew up in the victorian era. I was too busy trying not to be arrested for sodomy to knock up prostitutes. Sorry to disappoint.”
The door shut.
“So. We’re looking for a dog murderer.”
John, having become much more impressionable under the influence of his tea, shrugged. “Sure, come in.”
“Not tuberculosis, I’m assuming?”
"I was. That case was simplicity itself. When the crime scene is that flashy, the murderer is usually more than happy to hand themselves in. Or they get caught up in the theatrics and get sloppy covering their tracks." Sherlock sighed, leaning back in his armchair. He picked up his bow and began to leisurely stroke it across a well-used block of rosin. "Either way, I thought it'd be a nice, relaxing way to spend the evening."
“Are you feeling well?”
“Oh yes. All vampires have a secondary pair of vocal chords which are constantly vibrating. It’s entirely subconscious, influenced mainly by emotional state. But there are other factors which can affect it. Temperature, certain drugs, respiratory illnesses...”
"That's what vampire children sound like when scared out of their wits." Sherlock informed him, pulling out his phone and tapping out a text message at the speed of light. “Lestrade. Photo of the father.”
John knelt down. Whatever burst of life that Sherlock had gained seemed to be fading quickly. “Sherlock. Can you open our eyes for me? Just a little.”
do you have a dozen left hands in your fridge?"
Sherlock sighed and stood, shutting off the telly. “Come with me.”
“Oh god.” Sherlock groaned upon entering the room, glaring at a bowl of potpourri. “Now three of my senses are offended.”
John found himself writing on his blog a lot lately. Which he found fairly surprising, considering he had the poetic skill of a heavily concussed twelve year old. But he found it actually was a fairly therapeutic way of dealing with the frankly bizarre events that occurred on a daily basis. Granted, he couldn't post any of the really interesting (read: batshit insane) happenings for two reasons:
Sherlock grinned. “She’s here. Act natural, but get ready to run.”
“No, of course not. You just pissed yourself, forgot how to walk and had a tantrum. Nothing childish about that.” Lestrade said, clearly just outside the door. “John open the door.”
"Oh, I wish you wouldn't. I mean, tracking her down through her friends.... It's a bit creepy, isn't it?" Sherlock said with a self-deprecating chuckle. John could just imagine the fake puppy dog smile he must've slapped on like a halloween mask. He rolled his eyes harder.
Sherlock was already leaving the building.
“Alright.” John picked up his fork and picked at a fragment of pasta.
He did. They were unfocused and heavy, but it showed he had some measure of awareness and that was enough. The humming shifted to a shrill screech, like a mosquito buzzing around between John’s ears. He took a deep breath
John woke from a deep, comfortable sleep feeling refreshed and awake. It only took him a few minutes to remember where he was and he didn’t even begin to panic in the meanwhile. Then he took in the fresh, clean sheets and smiled, remembering the fact that he would be under no obligation to wash them. It was almost as if they would just wash themselves. Just like the mini-fridge that wouldn’t need cleaning or defending against the onslaught of corpse parts. Or the table that was much too small for any viable experiments. But despite the little joys of waking up in a delightful hotel room, he also had a vague sense that he was being watched. Probably because he was.
He got the distinct feeling that Sherlock was toying with him. Humoring with every blow he allowed to John to land and every hold he let John break. He fought like a mockingbird, swooping on unsuspecting heads just for the hell of it then darting out of reach. John knew he could do quite a bit of damage if only he could get him in his reach for more than a few seconds. Sherlock’s eyes gleamed with amusement every time John made a move, countering with ease. Finally, frustrated and panting, John found an actual opening. He kicked at Sherlock’s leg while he came close enough and sent him to the ground, leaving him dazed for just long enough to make him move.
“It was a ridiculous attempt to scare you off." Sherlock answered for his brother, making no attempt at disguising his disgust towards the idea. "My dear brother is under the assumption that no one would willingly come in contact with me unless they're secretly out to sell me on the black market."
