Anthea contacted him well after five that morning, the two words in her terse text weighing on his chest.
. He fingered the gun in his pocket loosely for a moment, before deciding against it. Not yet- the quieter, the better. Unfortunately, this meant following him to his hotel. At least he was in a decent sized suite; the thicker walls would be a comfort. All that was left to decide was how it would play out.
The room was small, not quite as small as his cage, but small none the less. There were shackles bolted to the floor and ceiling, chains dangling in the stale air. Bloodied hay was spread methodically throughout the room, soaking up the worst of the stench and the fluids from his predecesors- easy to clean and dispose of. Maybe they weren't so amateurish after all. Somehow, this thought brought him no comfort, and as they shackled him to the dangling chains, he tried with all his might to affect a mask of indifference.
“I know!” He snapped, feeling the utterly hateful, shameful prickle of tears begining to form behind his eyes. He wouldn't let them fall, he just simply would not. There was silence for a few beats.
Kratidese drew long pulls off his cigar, waiting for his limo, no doubt. Or perhaps something else. Whatever it was, he didn't see Sherlock, of that he was certain. Sherlock was roughing it, dirty and disheveled as he had ever been, hair long enough that when he bathed, it brushed at the soft flesh beneath his shoulder blades. What he wouldn't give for a hot shower- or better yet, a bath; a long soak to ease his sore, trembling muscles. But even if he had managed to finish up the last two names on his list tonight, that wouldn't be possible. There were his stitches from the name before Kratidese- the man had tried to run Sherlock over with his Bently, the
, Sherlock's thoughts sung. He had filched a key weeks before, before the limo had turned left, almost before the Russian had checked in. The conciere hadn't noticed until much later that the master key had gone missing. Sherlock had checked it on an empty room earlier that day, after stealing in through an unwatched fire exit, and the staff hadn't bothered to replace the Master Code. He had the proverbial keys to the kingdom. All that was left was the act itself.
If, his mind supplied, if you get a next meal. He let the thought hover in his mind for a tremulous minute, then drop to his overfull stomach and lower, to his very bones. This, this is what he had been avoiding since that night in the woods, the inevitable end game. They'd torture him for whatever info they thought he had, and then-
Sherlock would have been surprised, if he weren't in so much pain. As soon as the door fell shut, Mycroft was upon him, snatching his hair in his fist and snarling in his face.
Mycroft shifted, the two ice cubes in his drink clinking loudly, louder than they would have had any of this been real. It felt like a warning.
“The Angler...” He felt his mouth shut. He pried it open again, forcing the words out like so much vomit. “
His phone buzzed in his pocket. He ignored it, keeping his eye on his prey. He wouldn't be making that mistake again.
“Feeling up for a bit of a chat?” The small man chirped, his glaringly sunny disposition at odds with the tools he was holding. When Sherlock's eyes fell on the pliers, the man shook them at his paling face and winked co-conspiratorily.
After another week of silent surveilance, Sherlock could feel the urge to act crawling under his skin like ants; but still, he waited. He reported to Anthea the barest amount of details he could, and kept the rest to himself. He didn't tell her about the orphanage the Russian frequented on the weekends, or the quiet sums of money slipped to a certain soup kitchen staff member whenever the Russian felt he could afford it. He didn't inform her of anything that could possibly be used to harm any innocents. He may have become nothing more than a common murderer, but that didn't mean he didn't have his principals. And so, the time passed and Sherlock got a feel for the Russain and his routine. It was much better than the two page dossier with screen shots of locations and timestamps that he had been given on his arrival in the white winter of the Ukraine.
The heavy metal door clicked as a lock was disengaged, the tinkle of keys giving Sherlock barely enough warning to curl further in on himself and lower his center of gravity. Just because he was likely to be taken and tortured, didn't mean he had to make it easy on them. The door creaked open, inch by inch, and Sherlock fought the urge to gnash his teeth. Just come on already! He was dying for some stimulation, anyway. Physical torture would be better than this empty box with it's fetid stench and dark, dark, dark.
“Please,” he mock begged, not flinching when he felt something metal slipping behind his ear, just below where Mycroft's hand was still lodged in his hair, “I know nothing, I swear it to you. I am just the middle man.”
Sherlock hummed in agreement, stubbing out the last of his cigarrete in the snow and pocketing the filter for later disposal. Mycroft rung off, leaving Sherlock alone with his guilt. He dallied for a few moments, before texting Anthea the address to the nursing home. He slid the phone into his pocket without looking at it, hating himself just that little bit more, and lit another cigarette. It was going to be a long night.
When they bound him with his arms up again, Sherlock had to use all of his considerable acting skills to not give the game away, not let the smaller man realize who sat in front of him, bundled in furs and cigar smoke.
“It depends,” the smaller man answered, a smile beginning to stretch across his face, “on how long you take.”
Mycroft slapped him, hard, twice, before gripping his shirtfront and growling in his ear. “I will gut you like a fish, little spy, do not test me.”
“I know.” Sherlock replied, hating the way the guilt burned in his stomach. He took a long draw of his cigarette.
. His bearded face couldn't hide the nasty scar through his lips, turning the thin, pale things into a permanent sneer; it was the scar that led Sherlock to him. Too noticeable to hide. He was called Kratidese, which Sherlock rather thought sounded like a particularly vicious curse. His hands were as big as boxing gloves.
He didn't need to deduce which room was the torture chamber, as it were- the stench was deduction enough. It hit him when they were still three rooms down the hall from it; it was a wall of blood, sweat, piss and shit, a foul and malignant odour that was strong enough to have been a physical thing. He had been stoic up to that point, wordlessly appraising his surroundings and allowing himself to be half carried, half drug through the empty corridors, but that smell. It triggered something animalistic in him, some deep seated need to get away, as if he were a lamb to the slaughter- as if he were prey. He began to struggle mindlessly against his captors, drawing laughs from the two men as he tried to dig his heels into the worn concrete beneath his feet, tried to yank free from their hands, tried to do anything, anything at all to get away.
. He fished out his phone, ignoring the messages ("Hawk?", then a few minutes later, "Ostritch."), instead, pressing the number's to his brother's direct line by memory. Mycroft picked up on the first ring.
-and the bulge in the man's pocket might have been a phone, or if Sherlock was very, very lucky, they could be the keys-
“All fairy tales end. All hearts are broken,” his brother supplied, sitting next to him in the library of his mind palace. Mycroft crossed his legs and took a generous sip of the whisky in his hand, the light from the fireplace elongating his shadows and making his face appear more lined, older than his years. The man looked like a funeral procession- all hard set lines, mouth in a moue of worry and sadness, his eyes, glittering in the flickering light, ringed with dark circles that seemed more like the hollows of a skull's than a living person's. Sherlock scoffed with a bravado he didn't really feel.
The dancing one seemed to be excited, judging by his goodnatured, glib reply and his odd half dance down the empty hallway. Sherlock rather thought that whatever had the smaller man in such a good mood didn't bode well for him at all; the jingling of the tool bag drew nearer. Sherlock swallowed, then scooted back on his rump back to the matress and covered his eyes so as not to be blinded if and when they opened the door. He didn't have to wait long.
“He's dead.”  Sherlock spat, his Russian coming out immpeciably despite his missing molars, and wrinkling his nose in disgust at the mere mention of the Spider's name. The thin man blinked owlishly for a moment, then threw back his head and laughed and laughed and laughed. Sherlock untwisted his mouth and stared. Once the man had finished, he wiped fake tears from his eyes.
“Well, you know the boss is always right.” Another voice answered, lighter and with less resonance, his Russian slightly over pronounced in a way that screamed 'foriegner'. Their voices, combined with the sounds of their footfalls, (one set heavy, indicating someone of roughly 1.8 meters tall and 17- no 18 stone, likely the drunk one based on the scraping of his left show just there; the other set light {with a slight dance like quality to it, as if he were caught between a step and a skip} indicating someone with a lighter build, but no less solid for it. Most likely 1.6 to 1.7 meters, and possible 12 and a half stone, wet), told Sherlock that he wouldn't be able to take them down, not in the state he was in. (There was something else, too- a sort of muffled jingling sound, much like the sound of metal on metal; a bag, perhaps? A bag of tools? The echoes in the hall made it hard to identify properly.) He mused to himself about the end of the drunk one's sentence- what, exactly, had their boss told them to do? Nothing good, surely.
John chuckled as he turned, heading back down and into the kitchen. This was going to be a long night.
“Call me Dad, please, John. I look forward to getting to know you in person, we’ve heard such amazing stories from Sherlock. And of course, we read your blog.” Daddy Holmes turned towards the kitchen, following Mummy. “I have my Katy to thank for these monstrosities,” he did a shuffling dance to show off the slippers. “That’s what love does to you, John. You end up wearing ridiculous holiday slippers!” Daddy chuckled, bending down to kiss Mummy’s cheek.
The sweetness of the gesture made John’s heart skip a beat. John leaned to the side, pressing his shoulder to Sherlock’s. “Thanks...thank you, Sherlock.” John cleared his throat. Now is as good a time as any, he thought. “So listen...Sherlock…”, John began.
“Oh, just go! Get out of here!” Debbie collapsed in her chair in a huff. “You’re the ones who’ll need luck!”
He could see the effect his body was having on John, and he was enjoying it. “I’ll text Mummy at a more reasonable hour to let her know we’re on our way.”
"Either!... Both!... How did you guess those things about me?" John rubbed his palms on his thighs self-consciously.
Mummy reappeared, gently pulling Daddy Holmes along by the hand. He was a handsome gentleman - lean and lanky with keen eyes and an abundant shock of white hair. He was dressed in a thick cardigan and worn trousers, his feet sporting brown suede reindeer slippers, complete with antlers.
You have a reservation at the Hotel Beaux Arts-I believe it is the Bay View Suite. Just please remember,  Sherlock, this is not a vacation. - MH
“Why are you texting me when I can hear you!” John called up in amused exasperation. He climbed the stairs, meeting Sherlock at the top. John handed Sherlock the package and bent down to retrieve his dressing gown from the floor. “A surprise from your brother sounds a bit scary,” John remarked as he turned, heading down the hallway to the bathroom. “Is it something to do with a case?” he asked. Sherlock moved to sit in his armchair, propping the delivery on the mantle along the way. “It’s Christmas, John. You should know better than to ask questions” Sherlock turned with a smile, falling back into his chair. He crossed his legs, briefly steepling his fingers in front of his mouth. “Do hurry John, I can hear your stomach grumbling from here”.
He continued to lean against Sherlock for a few moments, then reluctantly pulled away. John tried to hide his embarrassment, but his blushing cheeks gave him away. "Sorry about that…it's been a long time since I've been in an airplane. Didn't expect to react quite that badly." John wiped his palms on his jeans.
His knuckles turned white as he gripped the armrest. The plane was shaking and making horrible screeching sounds. He had never been this scared in his life, the panic around him was palpable. John Watson was struggling to maintain a calm façade, as a doctor he needed to be able to assist the flight crew if he could. He reminded himself that this was hardly the worst situation he had ever been in. As a Captain in the RAMC, he had faced much worse.
His shoulder aches, but it feels good to keep going - pushing himself beyond comfort. His arms are working hard, pulling his body smoothly through the water. He can hear his own breath, feel his lungs straining against his ribs. There’s a light splash of water accompanying each stroke as he propels himself to finish his last lap strong. He hangs on the edge for a few moments, gasping to catch his breath before pulling himself up and out of the pool.
Dad set the bag on the floor, removing the fluff of tissue paper from the top. “Oh my word, look Katy! It’s a puppy!” He scooped the little beast from the gift bag. “I’ve been missing having a dog around the place. Oh, he’s sleepy.”
The look on Sherlock's face was at first blank and uncomprehending. Then his eyes seemed to take in every detail of the man and his car, and his nose scrunched up in a cute little wrinkle. "I'll thank you not to smoke while we're in your car, Bill, as I'm trying to quit. Successfully, so far. It's the drinking that keeps costing you your employment though, isn't it? I'm sure you wouldn't bite, this entrepreneurial enterprise is your last chance at keeping your family intact, you wouldn't do anything to jeopardize that. Your wife threatened to leave you and take the kids after your last boss let you go. The flexibility of working for yourself and the fear of losing your family seems to be working out, though, so you could tell her to be cautiously optimistic. My friend and I prefer to sit together, despite your feelings on Miss Daisy, whoever that may be." Sherlock sat back and pulled his mobile out of his pocket, considering the interaction over.
“Don’t get her started, John, we’ll never hear the end of it. I believe the most recent offense was when Kath told all the WI members that my Katy’s fruitcake was store bought.” He looked at his wife affectionately.
It was the smell of fresh coffee traveling up the stairs that roused John out of his deep sleep the following morning. His mind was slow to catch up, remembering that he didn’t have to report to the clinic this morning. He decided to wallow for a bit in the coziness of his blankets, burying his head deeper into the pillow. His thoughts started turning over yesterday’s events. Last night had been...interesting. Good. Maybe...really good?
And the story is now complete. I'd like to thank everyone who sent me suggestions for the puppy name, especially the one I chose, from reader a2Zeeee. I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it.
"These compartments would be very effective if employed as a torture device!" His voice raised to a yell on the words torture device, causing several passengers to turn their heads and stare. He huffed and bent his head down, struggling to control himself.
"I don't guess, I deduce. It's a simple matter of observation. Anyone could employ the technique if they used half of their brains." Sherlock said disdainfully. "I saw you at the gate. There was a child running around and doing acrobatics on the chairs. He fell quite hard, possibly injuring himself. You immediately jumped up and offered to look him over for injuries, which suggests either teacher or doctor. A teacher traveling to Miami in the middle of term, though…unlikely. Also, the conference brochure falling out of your carry-on bag when you were searching for your passport…therefore, doctor. Now fear of flying, that was quite simple. The breathing techniques that you used as we boarded, the whiskey that you ordered from the drinks cart, those are tell-tale signs. But it's the tremor in your hand and leg that really give you away. As I said, however, you seem to be managing quite admirably." Sherlock sat back with a satisfied smirk.
The flight attendant’s announcement set John’s nerves on edge. There were murmurs of discontent throughout the cabin, but John was deaf to everything except the remnants from his latest nightmare replaying like a film before his eyes. He fought the urge to panic. This is just a routine flight, no one is shooting at us…he attempted to calm himself as the plane shook, and momentarily dropped quickly, causing a number of gasps and squeals from their fellow passengers.
"I'll fill you in on what I've learned so far, and we'll decide on a plan together, all right?" Sherlock sipped his drink, then placed it on the small table and leaned forward, his elbows on his knees and his fingers clasped. "Richard Hudson and his business partner, Mr. Timothy Ayers, ran a moderately successful import/export business. It started as a small operation, dealing mostly with Caribbean suppliers. Unfortunately, Richard is also a heavy gambler. He owed a lot of money to some very nasty people. As I understand it, he was approached by someone - most likely also involved with those nasty people - with an idea of how he could make good on his debts. It didn't take much persuasion for old Rich to start trafficking drugs through his business." Sherlock paused for a sip of his drink.
"Look, we don't have to have a party, it was just a thought," said John. "I just haven't got any plans yet, myself." He walked back towards the kitchen, it was past time for a nice cup of tea.
"John?" Sherlock said, softly. "John, you need to wake up. We're about to land. The Captain actually got us here in one piece." Sherlock smiled, seeing John's eyes flutter open.
Sherlock eyed John over the top of his mug. "Actually, we have other plans." Sherlock turned, carrying his mug back to the sitting room. He set his tea on the mantel, then retrieved an envelope from underneath the skull. He held it tightly for a moment, then thrust it in John's direction.
He heard Mary moving about in the bedroom, and steeled himself for an uncomfortable conversation. John took his cup of tea and settled in his usual chair at the table. Mary pushed past him to grab her own steaming mug, turned and leaned her hip against the counter. She was hugging herself closely, and the first sips of the warm tea felt heavenly. "John…" Mary hesitated, not wanting to start the day with another row. Things between them had seemed so tense lately. They really needed this holiday, if she could just convince John to get on the plane.
After sharing a delicious holiday breakfast, the family gathered in the sitting room to open gifts. Mummy had lit the fairy lights on the tree while Dad built up the fire. Sherlock and John wrestled over the smart TV remote, finally agreeing on an instrumental holiday playlist.
The next thing he remembered was waking up to Sherlock leaning over him, his hands gently squeezing John’s shoulders. John groaned quietly, looking around in confusion. “It’s all right, John. You fell asleep, if you stay here all night your shoulder will hurt for a week.” Sherlock took John’s hands in his, rubbing them and pulling John to a standing position. “Ta Sherlock, you’re right.” John leaned forward, feeling slightly unsteady on his feet. Sherlock stepped into his personal space, likely intending just to steady him, but in his sleepy state, John leaned forward into Sherlock’s chest, circling his arms around his friend and hugging him tightly. John rubbed his face on Sherlock’s soft sweater, inhaling the warm scents of sandalwood and cinnamon. He hummed in satisfaction. “Mmm...this is nice” John mumbled sleepily.
"Jesus, John. Now? You want to start this now?" Mary set her mug down forcefully, tea sloshing out onto the counter. She stared at the small puddle for a moment before grabbing a towel to wipe it up with. A deep breath through her nose, exhaling in a rush. "Well, shit." She sighed, pulling out the chair opposite, and collapsed into it. "You need to talk to someone, John. Someone who can help you. I… I thought that I might be enough, that what we had together would be enough. But you're suffering, …John, look at me please."
“No, not wrong Sherlock...but usually when it’s two people who are unrelated, there are romantic feelings involved.” John set the bags down, lifting a hand to rub the back of his neck. “Do you…” John was interrupted by the front door swinging open, revealing a beautiful older woman.
John grabbed a pillow from behind himself and threw it at Sherlock, hitting him squarely in the face. “What was that for?!” Sherlock squawked indignantly.
“Umm. John.” Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, considering the most effective method to address John’s discomfort. He put his hands in his pockets, then leaned in...bending forward just a bit...to capture John’s lips with his own. He remained pressed to John’s face for a few moments, analyzing the kiss and John’s reaction. This is drier than expected. John smells nice. He isn’t doing anything. Why isn’t he doing anything?
John took a small step back. “Umm...sorry but...did you just, um...kiss me?” John’s expression was a mix of  surprise and - was that relief? Sherlock was scrutinizing John’s reaction closely as he answered.
Sherlock and John agreed, heading off on their own in the crisp air, snow cracking under their boots.
"Excellent suggestion, John. This is my first visit to Miami, I am willing to cede control to you in choosing our destination." Sherlock held the room door open and ushered John out into the hallway.
Sherlock inhaled deeply. "I don't usually eat or sleep when I am working a case, John. I will admit to not thinking as clearly as usual, though." Sherlock ducked his head shyly. "It would probably be better if you came back to my hotel with me, my brother put me in an enormous suite, so there is plenty of room. And we still need to sort out a gun…it just makes sense to stay together."
Sherlock met John’s eyes, sharing a small, shy smile with him. “Thank you, John.” Sherlock said, softly. Turning his attention to Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock set down his tea and stood up. “Mrs. Hudson, John and I will be leaving tomorrow morning for the duration of the holidays. We have gifts for you, if John agrees, I’d like to give them to you now?” John nodded his agreement as Sherlock pulled the gifts from the pile on the desk. “Oh my boys, that is so kind of you! I’ll be going to my sister’s myself on Christmas Eve.” Mrs. Hudson sat down on the sofa to unwrap her gifts. She carefully lifted the decanter from its box, the crystal hit with sunlight creating a prism effect, spreading tiny rainbows all over the ceiling. “Oh, isn’t this stunning? I’ll have to start entertaining more so I can show this set off!” Mrs. Hudson tucked the piece back into the box and set it down, then picked up a thick envelope with her name on it. “Sherlock and I agreed last night, Mrs. H., that you should have a rest and pamper yourself a bit, so we hope you’ll enjoy this voucher.” John was happy with their decision to purchase a spa weekend for Mrs. Hudson and a guest, and even better, they were able to print the details from the website. “The Lime Wood Hotel? Oh my, this looks so lovely!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed. “Oh you boys, you shouldn’t have gone to such an expense!” She stood up, hugging both John and Sherlock in turn. “Don’t be silly, Mrs. Hudson. What would we ever do without you?” Sherlock picked up his violin. “Any requests?”
John had settled back into the sofa with his legs propped on the coffee table, while Sherlock disappeared into his bedroom. He returned with an incredibly soft-looking, cream colored throw blanket that he draped over himself as he sat down next to John. John felt hyper aware of the closeness of their bodies...he could feel Sherlock’s body heat radiating next to his thigh and was finding it quite distracting. If it was anyone besides Sherlock, he would put his arm around them and draw them close...probably go in for a bit of snogging. But it’s Sherlock. Sherlock wouldn’t want to make out with him...would he? John didn’t know if he was brave enough to find out.
"Yes, it helps me to talk through my thoughts out loud. You would be a passable stand-in." Sherlock ruffled his hair with both hands, then swung himself into an armchair. His legs bounced with barely restrained energy.
“Now, I’m afraid, I’ll need a bit more background, Mum. What has this Kath done to you?” John tried valiantly to compose himself. It was actually Dad who answered, though.
John looked up at Sherlock’s profile. He’s opening up to me, I can’t mess this up - please don’t let me mess this up, he thought. “We seem to be dancing around the edges of a... change... in our relationship,” John stumbled a bit finding his words. “But I need to know, Sherlock, Do you have...I mean, umm...Do you have...romantic feelings...for me?” John asked in that low, serious tone of voice he used when he was being, well, serious.
Sherlock turned to face John with a smile. “Case, John. We’ve got a case!” he exclaimed. “Christmas has come early!” He rubbed his hands together in anticipation.
“Now, don’t be ridiculous, Sherlock!” Mummy looked exasperated. “Of course she’s not my nemesis. She’s just the secretary of the local WI, and happens to be a complete cow.”
Mike's mouth dropped open in surprise. "Mary? No!" he said incredulously. "Are you all right? How did you find out?"
Sherlock pulled out his phone and ordered an Uber while John got dressed. When the doctor emerged from the bathroom, he had donned dark, slim-fit jeans and a tight fitting V-neck tee in charcoal gray. He had added a bit of gel to his hair, and smiled self-consciously as the detective gave him an appreciative once-over. Sherlock hummed his approval.
Sherlock continued chastising her. “Oh please, spare us the theatrics. I believe that you truly have no idea where he is, but your acting skills are stretched thin convincing us that you really care all that much.” He stopped behind John’s chair, putting his hand on the doctor’s shoulder. “You see John, she discovered when she returned from her clandestine tryst that Tim hadn’t been home since Friday night. Yet she waited another whole day to report him missing.” The detective turned his back on them, pausing his exhibition. Look who’s talking about theatrics, thought John.
Sherlock turned towards John, looking down at his resting face. At least he had a bit of color back in his cheeks. "Yes. Lucky for me as well" he said softly.
Christmas was John's favorite time of year. He couldn't really say why, he didn't have wonderful childhood memories or anything like that. There was just something about the crisp air, the twinkling lights that made him feel like anything was possible. He heard his text alert, and smiled a little as he reached in his pocket for his mobile.
Sherlock stood and began pacing the small room. "Oh no, John. You misunderstand me. My brother, Mycroft, is meant to be dealing with the assassin in England. I've been sent here to ensure Mr. Hudson is convicted for his crimes. Mrs. Hudson thinks it was Richard that ordered the attempt on her life, and  I'm inclined to agree. When I met with her, I deduced that their relationship had been controlling and abusive. He was able to organize an attempt on her life from Federal prison, John. Mrs. Hudson isn't perfect, but no one deserves the treatment she has endured. I won't be satisfied until we find the evidence needed for Richard Hudson to receive the death penalty." Sherlock spoke passionately.
I've arranged for you to meet with the victim's widow, Mrs. Deborah Ayers, for questioning. Tomorrow afternoon at 4 pm. You'll receive details in the morning. - MH
“This is really beautiful, Sherlock. It’s...what’s the word I’m looking for…?” John was charmed by the snow-covered buildings circling an enormous Christmas tree in the center of the village square.
He walked slowly through the shop, grabbing things that looked good. Maybe he could tempt Sherlock to eat some dinner tonight. He saw a holiday display of sweets, and gathered a nice selection for his flatmate. Sherlock may not eat regularly, but he had an enormous sweet tooth. He would probably eat just about anything if it was dipped in chocolate.
John leaned his head against the small window, the rain pelting against the glass. The relentless drumming was doing nothing to help his pounding headache. He lucked out in getting a seat on this flight at all, and the relief of actually making it to the gate and boarding the plane on time was helping him to ignore his soaking wet trainers and soggy jeans. At least the middle seat was empty, a little more room to stretch out his bad leg would make the 9-hour trip marginally more tolerable. Maybe he would indulge with a whiskey once the drinks cart came by. He took a deep breath in, held it a moment, closed his eyes and let it out slowly. He could do this.
A belated Merry Christmas, my friends! Apologies that I missed posting on the holiday itself, I was traveling to visit relatives in Russia. I made it to Moscow on Christmas night, and now I'm writing in their cozy living room. It just started snowing outside, and I can see the buildings outlined in colored lights from my window...the wintry scene put me in the perfect mood for this chapter. Enjoy!
They sat together in silence for a while, watching the fire and enjoying the whiskey. Eventually, Dad set his glass down on the side table and leaned forward a bit, bracing his elbows on his knees and clasping his hands. “John, I hope you’ll indulge an old man...I’ve something that I’d like to speak with you about.” Dad gave John a serious, level look.
Debbie could barely get a word out, she was so incensed. She stood up, spluttering and waving her arm at the detective. John thought Sherlock was lucky he wasn’t wearing the remainder of her tea...yet.
“Well, look at you two, you’ve been busy! What have you got there?” Mummy circled round the back of the car to open the boot for John.
Sherlock stood like a statue for a few moments more before clearing his throat and collapsing into his own armchair in a dramatic pile. "That's sorted, then. We'll drive up on the 23rd, if that's alright with you. I know Mummy will have plans for us on Christmas Eve, there's always something going on in the village." Sherlock met John's eyes shyly. "I also need to do some holiday shopping, if you want to go together? That might make it a marginally more pleasant experience."
"She told me this morning. We've kind of been…off…for a bit now, but it was still a bit of a shock. So, yeah. We're done. I'll be looking for a new place when we get back from Miami. I'm actually thinking of changing my ticket to leave tonight after work, I'm already packed." John pushed his bowl of soup away and took a last gulp of his tea. "With the time difference, I could still get in at a reasonable hour tonight. I just really don't want to see her right now. Work has been a nightmare, honestly."
“I remember, I was putting my bags in the trunk of the car, and he came walking out of the house. He was looking everywhere but at me...I only mention it because I remember thinking it was strange, because why would he bother coming out to see me off, if he wouldn’t look me in the eye?” She stopped speaking, her expression closing off.
It was a short drive through the village before they were surrounded on all sides by farmland. The homes were few and far between, breaking up the monotony of the snowy landscape. They drove past a split-rail fence and over a small hill. Nestled in the valley was what John would describe later as a Christmas card brought to life.
Exhausted and drained, Sherlock finally found himself alone in his suite. He checked the bedroom, finding his bags already unpacked for him. Mycroft must be feeling generous, he thought. His footsteps echoed on the hardwood floor as he made his way back into the sitting room.
Sherlock’s impromptu Christmas concert was quite pleasant, with only a couple of arguments breaking out over song lyrics, facts, and origins. John ate his fill of scones, and even got Sherlock to eat by purposefully leaving his plate within Sherlock’s reach, as he knew Sherlock wouldn’t be able to stop himself from taking bites of John’s breakfast. “All right, must get on, John! We’ve places to go, people to see!” Sherlock was practically vibrating with energy. John was tying his shoes, then grabbed his jacket. “Mrs. Hudson, have a wonderful Christmas, and safe travels if we don’t see you before we leave tomorrow.” John gave her a quick hug, kissing her cheek. “Happy Christmas, boys!” Mrs. Hudson called after them, hearing the front door slam behind them.
Sherlock changed gears, handling the clutch and gear shift as smoothly as a professional. “This way I don’t need to worry about performance or agreements, John. We need speed and agility, but also to blend into the woodwork, so to speak.” He checked his rearview mirror and changed lanes again. “I did some research last night while you were sleeping. This model is popular in Miami, so we won’t stick out...we won’t be remarkable whether we’re using valet parking or hanging around a warehouse parking lot in the dark.”
Wow. John's eyebrows lifted as he read the last text, his lips pursed. Ignoring that last call was definitely the right move. Definitely not an emergency, and not exactly something he's in the mood to respond to right now. He switches off the mobile and slips it back into his pocket. That whiskey can't come around soon enough.
"You need to keep your voice down, unless you fancy meeting the security detail at Miami International." John spoke in his best bedside manner, trying to calm Sherlocks' nerves. "Why don't you do your deducing thing and tell me about myself?" John felt that he was a pretty reserved guy, and he was interested to see how much Sherlock could read from him in such a short time.
Sherlock turned back from the staircase. “Apologies, John. Allow me to carry this one.” He smirked, grabbing the smallest of the bags from John’s grasp. “Follow me!” Sherlock bounded up the narrow stairs.
Mummy had started to collect the remainders of ripped paper and bags when Sherlock reappeared. One hand carried a large gift bag, the other a sturdy looking flat package. Sherlock handed the flat package to John with a smile and a wink, then turned to Dad. “Merry Christmas, Dad. This is from both John and I, and it cannot be returned.” He handed Dad the bag, returning to sit next to John.
As it happened, it was Christmas Eve when Sherlock and John finally threw their bags into the back of the rented Land Rover for the drive north.
“John, please. Don’t let this woman manipulate you!” Sherlock exclaimed. Both Debbie and John turned to the detective, their mouths dropping open in surprise.
Sherlock actually spent a good deal of time lounging about wrapped in a sheet, so the sight of his half-naked body wasn’t shocking to John. It had, however, been increasingly difficult to ignore his own response to it...how in the world does he have those abs when all he eats is sugar?!
John leaned back in his chair comfortably, crossing his right leg over his left knee. He sipped his drink and sighed in pleasure. "All right, let's get into it. What's the plan? What did Mr. Hudson do to end up in jail in the first place, and why would he send a hit man after his wife?" John asked.
The Uber driver was waiting for them in front of the hotel. Sherlock slid over to the far window as John settled in and pulled the rear door shut. The driver turned his head to face them. "Hey, would one of you want to sit up front? I promise I won't bite." Bill Jasper was a middle-aged man with a hopeful comb over and a pastel pink golf shirt. "I hate feeling like I'm Driving Miss Daisy, hah." He exclaimed.
Sherlock took the opportunity to study John, his cheeks flushed and his face peaceful. I want him to always look this happy, Sherlock thought. I'd do anything for him to always be this happy. His feelings for John had taken him by surprise at first, but had grown from what he classified as lustful (immediately following their first case together) to something much deeper, more meaningful. He had cataloged a number of shifts in their relationship over the past months, and felt confident that he was experiencing something unprecedented, definitely unplanned.
“Merry Christmas, Dad. Good night.” John made his way back upstairs, pulling his mobile from his pocket to text Sherlock.
John woke up alone this morning, no sign that the detective had even been in the bed. Sherlock had left him a note on the sitting room desk, along with a key card for the room. The detective would text him where to meet up later, John’s belongings should be delivered soon, and he was to order room service and take advantage of hotel amenities as much as possible, to “stick Mycroft with the bill”. John had smirked, then promptly ordered himself blueberry pancakes.
Debbie gave Sherlock a wounded look. “I’ll admit, we hadn’t been on the best terms recently. He was always preoccupied and calling at the last minute to cancel our evening plans together.” She set her glass back on the table and began twisting her wedding ring nervously.
"The driver is 4 minutes away, John. Where are your shoes? We should head downstairs now." The detective was practically vibrating with energy.
John reached up (having to really stretch, himself), and pulled the box down for the stranger. He handed it to her with a friendly smile. "Here you go."
John straightened up, grabbed his wallet from the bedside table, and slipped it into his back pocket. "Ready to go." he stated, turning a bright smile on Sherlock. "I looked up a few places we could try on my phone, I'd love to buy you a drink while you catch me up on the case." John was trying desperately to sound calm and nonchalant, aware that the younger man could read his every thought on his face. He didn't want to come on too strong and scare the detective away, after all.
“Just water for me, thanks.” John crossed his legs, vaguely wishing he had brought something to take notes with. “You look like a professional out there, Mrs. Ayers.” Flattery is always a good policy, he thought.
John had been watching the entire exchange with his mouth hanging open and his eyes wide. He shook his head a bit, standing to leave. “Umm...thanks for meeting with us, Debbie, good luck with...ummm…” He trailed off, not sure what to say.
The energy in Sherlock's movements and the fire blazing in his eyes were intoxicating to John. I'm in trouble, he thought. Already he would be willing to do anything this man asked of him. John stood and began searching through his bag for clean clothes. "Alright, I'm in. Where do we start?" he asked.
John's face was frozen in shock. How in the world could Sherlock know all these intimate details of his life when they had known each other for barely an hour? His mouth opened and closed a few times before he found his voice, and was able to speak. "Brilliant." He noticed Sherlock's shy smile and a slight pink blush coloring his high cheekbones. "That was absolutely brilliant. How could you possibly know all of that?" The tip of John's tongue brushed along his bottom lip, and he sat back, waiting to hear Sherlock's methods.
Sherlock looked down at John, sharing a wry grin. “I would also like to...ummm...talk...about some things, John.” Sherlock shifted a little uncomfortably. “Mummy’s timing is nothing if not inopportune...to be continued?” he asked, sounding hopeful.
Sherlock watched all of these thoughts cross John’s expressive face. He smiled, putting his arm around his doctor. “Don’t worry, John. You’ll like this one.” Sherlock opened the folder, pulling out a travel brochure. “Mycroft needs some legwork done in the British Virgin Islands. We’ll make quick work of it, then have a holiday there, until you have to go back to work, if you’d like.”
It took him several long minutes to identify his emotions, enough to be able to respond to Mary's (rather shocking) announcement. He was surprised to find that he was not…surprised. He had felt the growing rift and didn't know how to address it, knew he was causing the emotional distance. The thought of being on his own, of Mary leaving him, well. Rather than feeling angry or sad, he actually felt relieved. Relieved? Yes. Fuck. "So that's it then. We're over." A statement, not a question. "I'll need some time to sort out somewhere to live." God, work was going to be bloody awkward.
"Alright, okay…I know it's uncomfortable, but we’ll be landing fairly soon. Here, the armrest is all yours, it might help if you lean over a bit." As Sherlock took him up on the offer, John got a breath of an intoxicating scent. It was slightly more than just the wonderful cologne, he didn't know how to describe it in words. Maybe it’s just Sherlock.
The Holmes lived in a beautiful stone cottage, which was decorated very tastefully for the holidays with evergreen garlands and wreaths, red bows, and white fairy lights around every window and door frame.
"John, I certainly hope you packed your gun! We are going to need it." Sherlock looked up and met John's excited grin.
There was live music tonight, a solo Spanish acoustic guitar set a romantic and relaxing mood, exactly what John was hoping for. Sherlock ordered drinks for them, and John chose a few of the delicious tapas on offer. Once settled in, they took a moment and just gazed at each other.
Sherlock transferred the warm bundle of fur to John’s hands. John instinctually cradled the pup to his chest, rubbing his nose on the puppy’s head. “I believe he is so young that I could carry him in my coat in the car, and no one would be the wiser.” Sherlock looked around the shop, quickly locating an assistant. “Excuse me, Miss…”
John tucked his hands deep into his pockets and looked around the square appreciatively. “The stars out here are almost as bright as the fairy lights.” He remarked. “Your parents are really sweet together.” John nudged Sherlock with his elbow.
This wasn’t the first time John had noticed Sherlock’s appearance, nor would it be the last. He had resolved to keep these thoughts to himself though, mostly because Sherlock was his best friend and he didn’t want to do anything that might jeopardize that...also, from his observations so far, it didn’t appear that Sherlock was interested in having a romantic relationship with anyone. People were constantly flirting with the man, and it just seemed to go right over Sherlock’s head.
I’ll meet you Monday morning at the hotel, we can go over the presentation. What’s our time slot again?
Mummy finally took a seat, after serving Dad his tea. “Well, I thought we would go down to the village, the WI is sponsoring a carol sing at Town Hall tonight. That should get us in a festive mood!” Mummy took a delicate bite of some shortbread, wiping up dropped crumbs with a napkin.
The plane had landed during their conversation, and John hadn't even noticed. Amazing, he thought. They taxied to the gate, people were getting restless, standing and shifting to retrieve bags from the overhead compartments. The old woman on the other side of Sherlock elbowed him squarely in the chest in her haste to stand up.
John turned from the shelf of tinned soups he was perusing to find an attractive girl trying to get his attention. He smiled at her questioningly, "Yes?"
“You should know better than to ask that question, Mum...it’s Christmas!” John smiled as he deposited the packages into the car. He caught Sherlock’s eye as he slid into the back seat, winking conspiratorially.
Sherlock reached across John to grab a gingerbread cookie. “A busybody from the village, John. My mother’s arch nemesis, if you will.” John’s mouth dropped open, unsure how to respond.
Sherlock adjusted the sleeves of his shirt. “She’s visiting relatives, trying to stay calm. Waiting to see what happens with Richards’ trial, of course.” The detective narrowed his eyes, observing their host closely.
John was surprised at how many presents he was receiving, expecting only one or two. Sherlock’s cheeks flushed as he met John’s questioning gaze. “I may have gone a bit overboard, John. I hope you don’t mind.” He took a seat next to John on the rug in front of the fire.
John took a bite of a spinach and feta croqueta, chewing thoughtfully. He swallowed, feeling Sherlock's gaze locked on his throat. Their eyes met and John felt the burning spark of attraction jump so clearly between them that it may as well have jumped out of the non-existent fire and landed on his skin. He swallowed again, and tried to rein in his errant thoughts. Focus! He mentally slapped himself, and made a valiant effort to hold up his end of their conversation.
"Did you stop in and check on Mrs. Hudson before you came up? I was positive I heard her banging things around earlier this morning." Sherlock stood up and moved into the sitting room, where he proceeded to flop on his back on the sofa, with his legs hanging over the end. "Then again, it could have been the dustman, I wasn't paying close attention." Sherlock turned on his side to face John, and tried unsuccessfully to tuck his bare feet up into his pyjama pants.
“Well, it’s flat, about the size of that envelope you had delivered from Mycroft...oh no, is this a gift from Mycroft?!” John pulled a face. He undid the paper, pulling out a thick manila folder.
Mary looked at him sadly. "Really, John? That's it?" her eyes tearing up. "You don't have anything else to say?" she asked. "This emotionless robot routine? This is why we won't work out!" She pushed away from the table, standing up and turning away from him to hide her tears. "I would work on this with you if you showed any desire at all, any love for me AT ALL!" her voice escalating to a shout at the end. "I tell you that I've been cheating on you, and you act like I forgot to pick up the milk on the way home." Mary wiped her eyes with tight knuckles. "Well. So that's it then. I can't believe this is really over." She sobbed tightly, trying to control her reactions.
So, with a proverbial crossing of his fingers, his picked up the bowl and drank; the first sip was heaven and hell entwined- the warmth of the soup made his jaws ache terribly, but god, it had to be the best soup he'd ever had. He knew, logically, it was just due to his hunger increasing the sensitivity of the taste receptors on his tongue, and changing the way he perceived the stimuli of the food itself, but it didn't change the fact. He had to physically force himself to lower the bowl between tiny sips so as to not over power his stomach which had undoubtably shrank during his enforced abstinence.
no, that wouldn't work at all. What was he thinking? That was a trope out of one of John's terrible spy movies. The man was Mafia for christ's sake. No, no, he would have to be subtler-
Mycroft was silent for a moment, before he cleared his throat. “It is a promise, brother mine. Leave no trace, if possible.”
The bruises that painted his side were molting, going yellowish green around the edges and turning into an ugly blue black in the center as it healed. He left the stitches be the best he could, though the itching had set in in earnest, and kept it covered. He wiped himself down with wipes and played violin in his head for hours. He carefully did not think of John Watson as he did any of those things- if he did, then he would be well and truly lost.
He had to improvise, before the smaller man came back- there was not way he could transfer the lock pick like thing. So, he did what he could- he headbutted Mycroft in the nose. Mycroft staggered back, like a reeling fish, then roared just as the door opened again to reveal three men in suits. Two, Sherlock recognized, one he didn't.
Now that the two men weren't bracketed by blinding light or busy dragging him all about creation, he could visibly confirm his earlier deductions about them. He was right on the nose as to their heights and weight (the smaller one may have been slightly leaner than he had previously assumed, but he hadn't been able to see how heavy the bag he had been carrying was with sound alone- he was brilliant, but he wasn't psychic), and from what he saw of their pant legs and shoes earlier, combined with the full picture, he felt he had a decent grip on the two as people. Awful, murdery, torturing people, to be certain, but people none the less- and people had weaknesses.
Sherlock picked his way through the underbrush, noting the snapped twings underfoot with distatse. Ten or fifteen men? This may end up in an all out manhunt. A cold shiver worked his way down his spine. He had hidden the shack well, but perhaps not well enough. Only time would tell.
“Repeating yourself, Mycroft?” He answered, of course refering to Irene Addler's not death, and their conversation in the morgue.
He clenched his fists to stop them from shaking, and held his needle over the flame of his little candle to sterilize it, then set about rethredding the needle. He splashed a bit of vodka over the jagged cut zig zagging it's way up his side with a hiss, then, after small bit of hesitation, downed the rest of it. Then he set to work stitching himself back together again.
“Indeed.” Sherlock replied, spotting the river. He vassilated for a moment, before fishing his gun out, followed by the silencer and slipped them beneath the icy waves of the rushing water.
"Why in god's name didn't you tell the Angler?" Mycroft broke in, quietly seething. Sherlock tried not to feel like a child being reprimanded. It was, so far, a spectacular failure. Another to add to his list, he supposed.
Sherlock awoke later that night to gunshots. He raised himself as far as he was capable, wincing as the scabs on his back cracked and stretched, and listened. One shot, then silence. He waited for something else, anything else, telling himself he wasn't hoping for any sort of outcome, that he wasn't actively imagining Mycroft swarming this hellhole with agents armed to the teeth and that he would soon be free, finally, finally, free-
He cut himself off from that line of thinking. It would do him no good, really. There was nothing to be done. The woman was long dead. She had been, ever since he typed that address out on the phone- or, perhaps even before even that, when he had mentioned her to Mycroft. Damn him. Damn them both.
It was less than an hour later that he revised his previous opinon. They had dragged him by his arms, their hands an unbreakable manacle wrapped around each bicep as they carted him through winding tunnels. Sherlock had the presence of mind to memorize the route they had taken, and all doorways were thoroghly disected by his knowing gaze (that's another cell, there's a latrine, a shower, a breakroom that was filled with the stench of cigarettes and cheap libations); it was quite obvious he was underground, from the layout and lack of windows, to the caged lights on the walls, yellowed with age. Perhaps this had once been mining quarters, or a nucular fallout shelter- at any rate, it did make the situation far more dire. There would be no filching a phone and messaging Mycroft; there would be no reception in this cess pit. If you haven't heard from me in a week...
The perfume on the breeze grew stronger, along with the musty scent of sweat. Whoever it was must be very close indeed. Perhaps he could stage an ambush? He ducked behind a tree, breathing heavily. There was no time! Where could he run, where could he hide? It all had gone so badly so quickly. He had charted out an escape route beforehand, of course he had, but it was all rather useless with Anthea out of the picture, wasn't it? Stupid,
When they tossed him back in his cell later that night, Sherlock laid on his stomach and just breathed. That had been... Well, not as bad as he feared, but. Still, not ideal by any means. They started with cigarette burns, dusting his shoulders and calves with deep pockmarks, until the room was filled with the smell of burnt flesh and menthols. Then, the thin man had pulled out a glaring purple whip- obviously not intended for torture. The man had answered his unasked question with a laugh and a blithe, “Well, the boss's boss wants you in one piece, so I'm getting creative.” He had frowned, afterwards, when the thing had bruised Sherlock's back to the point of swelling and broken the toy.
He luxuriated in the large glass and tile shower, testing the different fancy soaps and gels until he found a scent that appealed to him. He dressed efficiently in navy blue chino shorts and a plaid button down, rolling the sleeves up to just under his elbows. His cheeks and nose looked a little pink, so he smoothed some after-sun lotion on his face.
John set the bags down in the foyer, his mind reeling. Does Sherlock have feelings for me? Would he want to have a relationship? Sherlock’s John?! John was having difficulty concentrating on the introductions. “Good to finally meet you, Mrs. Holmes.” John offered his hand in greeting.
Mrs. Ayers turned out to be a fit woman, looking younger than John expected. She was finishing up her tennis lesson, so Sherlock and John waited on a shaded patio area next to the courts. They watched her have a quick word with her instructor, then jog over to greet them.
John returned to Sherlock’s suite, finding his luggage had all been delivered. He unpacked into one of the empty wardrobes, thinking that his clothes looked a bit dingy in comparison to all the clean, shiny white of the surroundings.
Mary rolled over and swung her legs off the opposite side of the bed. "I'm going to pretend you didn't just say that. I need a shower. Make us a cuppa?" her frustration with being awake so early was apparent, and she clearly didn't want to address the convention issue without her morning brew. John watched her blond curls disappear around the door to the loo. He roused himself up from the floor with the sound of the shower starting.
“Mrs. Ayers, I want to thank you for your honesty.” Her mouth snapped shut, her cheeks started to redden in outrage. Sherlock continued. “Not out loud, of course, but in your body language.” Sherlock stood and began circling the table as he shared his deductions with his captive audience.
Just then, the door swung open, spilling out sunlight and a perfectly put together detective. Sherlock was dressed in his dark grey suit pants and a pale blue Oxford shirt, with the top button left undone and the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. His curls had been tamed and he actually appeared well rested for once. “Morning, Mrs. Hudson!” He called as he swept through the kitchen. “Ah, John! I’m glad you’re up. We have much to do today. Have you eaten?” Sherlock picked up the paper from the desk and promptly collapsed into his chair. Mrs. Hudson followed him into the room, “Oh my! The decorations look wonderful!” she exclaimed. “So festive!”
John's smirk turned into a full blown grin. Sherlock was exasperating at times, but this childish side of him was really quite amusing.
When it appeared there were no gifts left to unwrap, Sherlock stood up. “If you would excuse me, I believe I left a few gifts upstairs.” He tripped over a pile of wrapping paper and ribbon, catching himself and recovering his balance gracefully.
John changed into pajama pants and an old sweater before making his way downstairs. The sitting room looked like a set from The Nutcracker ballet, with an enormous tree taking center stage. It was beautifully decorated with tinsel, ornaments and candles. There was even a toy train running around the base. There was a fire crackling merrily in the large stone fireplace, with red, white, gold, and green stockings hanging from the mantle. John turned from the magical scene, hearing Dad enter the room.
John sighed, hunching his shoulders uncomfortably. "Sorry, Mary. I don't know why it's been so bad, I guess this trip is bothering me more than I thought. I really think I should bow out of this conference, Mike can handle the presentation without me. I haven't been on a plane since the crash outside of Kandahar, you know that." John rubbed his eyes roughly, then slumped forward, wrapping his arms around his bent knees. "I know you've been looking forward to a holiday, but I really would rather give it a miss. Maybe you could go without me?" He questioned.
Sherlock opened his eyes wide, a surprised look on his face. "That's not what people usually say." He seemed confused.
“Not as much as I adore you.” replied Dad. “Now boys, let’s get your bags out of the hall. Sherlock, don’t you make John carry all those himself!”
John looked at Sherlock, raising his eyebrows. “What’s this then?” He leaned into Sherlock’s side, holding up the flat package.
“Well now, I was leaving to visit my Mama, she lives up in Charleston” she drawled. “Timmy never wants to go, he always has ‘work to do’ which he thinks I don’t know is code for playing golf with his friends.” She sat back from the table, crossing her legs as she sipped her tea. “I didn’t even bother asking him, you know, because he would have said no anyway.”
The late morning sun feels nice, even if the humidity makes it difficult to breathe. His skin still holds the remnants of his Afghani tan, but he’s enjoying the chance to even it out a bit. He takes the precaution of spraying sunblock (he’s still a doctor after all), donning his sunglasses and taking a swig of cold water before lying back to soak up some rays.
Sherlock nodded his encouragement. “Technically, you are correct. But it’s a gift for both of us, actually.” Sherlock smiled at John’s raised eyebrows. “It’s a case, John!” he said, gleefully.
The sound of raised voices pulled John from his hard-won slumber. He raised his head to look over the seats, trying to see what the disturbance was about, and who was causing it. It would be just his luck if the plane was being taken over by terrorists right now.
John’s breathing was shallow and quick, his face had turned a sickly gray. Sherlock didn't know if his words were even being heard. "Would it help if I were to take your hand?" He surprised himself with the offer of comfort, but hoped it might help John calm down.
It was almost too comfortable, between the quiet music and the delicious food and drink, he was fighting the need to drop off. Staying awake was challenging, but watching the animated detective lay out the facts of the case was interesting - almost as interesting as the play of light on Sherlock's dark curls and sharp cheekbones. God, I just want to run my hands through those curls…I wonder what his lips feel like… John shook his head, trying to clear it of these thoughts before he got too far involved in the images they were creating.
Sherlock glanced sideways at John, taking in his posture and expression. "You are handling your fear admirably, Dr. Watson." John's eyes flew open, he turned to Sherlock in surprise.
"Did you do this? Did you decorate the flat for the holidays?" John turned in a circle, trying to take in all the changes. There were white fairy lights strung around the mirror and both windows, along with strands of fir garland. The skull looked quite jolly in a Santa hat, and there was a wreath of fir branches and colorful bows adorning the bull on the wall. He thought he even saw some mistletoe hanging in the doorway between the sitting room and the kitchen. The horrible stench from earlier had aired out (still noticeable, but not as overpowering) and there was a definite hint of...was that cinnamon?...in the air. He faced Sherlock again, and was touched at the almost childlike shyness in his eyes.
Mummy settled into the front seat next to Dad. “But what have you been up to? Dad and I have been waiting here for almost an hour.”
John glanced at the time, surprised to see it was already half one. He wiped his hands on the towel, then answered Mike.
John was overwhelmed at the Holmes’ welcome and their effortless affection. It was just such a different home dynamic than he had experienced growing up. He had to admit, Sherlock’s parents were not at all what he had expected...they were so loving and kind to each other! I’ve seen glimpses of them in Sherlock, he realizes, glancing at his detective, especially recently.
The Captain had just made the announcement, they were about to land at Miami International. It was a balmy 26 C on the ground. Sherlock thought about changing his watch setting to 11 PM, but didn't want to disturb John. Sometime after he had fallen asleep, John leaned over and practically curled around Sherlock's side.
Mummy turned to Sherlock with a scolding expression. “Daddy’s been beside himself, wondering if you were actually coming, Sherlock. Shame on you.” Sherlock arranged his facial features to look properly chagrined. He took her free hand, giving it a squeeze. “My apologies, Mummy. We had a case, it was unavoidable.”
“Now I see where you get your decorating abilities,” said John, just a bit awestruck with the scene.
“Ummm...great. That’s...exciting.” John loved going on cases, he really did. But when they were on a case, the Work takes priority, obviously. A small part of him was hoping they would have a few days together...now that they were...together. Without distractions like work and cases...Oh well, can’t be helped, he thought.
John was speechless. He set the invitation down, stood up from his chair, and wrapped his arms around his friend in a tight hug. Sherlock was surprised at the contact, and just stood there for a moment before cautiously patting John's back with his hands. John finally pulled back, but his hands remained on Sherlock's arms in a tight grip.
"I ran into Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner on the street out front, they were heading out to do some holiday shopping. I should probably get started on that as well." John spoke distractedly over his shoulder as he tried to light a fire in the grate. "I was thinking about having a small get together with friends here, maybe on Christmas Eve?" John waited a few moments for Sherlock's reply, but it seemed none was forthcoming. Finally satisfied with the fire, he turned to face Sherlock.
“You’ve been fidgeting with your wedding ring throughout our conversation, a sure sign that you’re feeling guilty. I suspect that rather than visiting your mother in Charleston, you were indulging in a romantic getaway with your lover.” Sherlock said, scornfully.
They were meant to leave for Miami tomorrow morning, hopefully when they returned the following week things could get back to normal. That's what he wanted wasn't it? His left hand was shaking as he reached for the kettle.
Sherlock chuckled. “Oh, John.” He pulled around the curved drive, stopping at the front door. “You haven’t seen anything yet.”
His new friend was easy to spot...everyone in the vicinity - male and female - were stealing glances. Sherlock looked like a GQ model, leaning on the side of a black Audi S5, his feet crossed at the ankles and hands in his pockets. He raised a hand when he saw John, then moved to take control in the driver’s seat.
"Thank you." John's voice was low and scratchy, as if he were trying not to cry. "You have no idea how much that means to me, Sherlock. I'd love to go with you to your parents for the holidays." John squeezed Sherlock's arms once more in affection before letting go and sitting back down.
Minutes later, John was struggling up the stairs to the flat with his shopping. He pushed through the doorway into the kitchen, dropping the bags on the floor. Looking far from bored, Sherlock had taken over every available space on the table and counters with a new experiment. This one must have something to do with perfumes or cologne, and the combination of aromas that greeted John made him lightheaded.
Sherlock opened the door with a theatrical flourish. “Make yourself at home, John.” John followed his friend into the room, carrying his bags.
-You selfish bastard! You are such a fucking machine, John. I hope you get some help, you clearly need it.
John huffed a small laugh. "Well, you're not wrong there. Although the extra room to stretch is always welcome." He sat back and closed his eyes, hoping for a little more rest before they arrived.
"Sherlock? You okay?" His friend looked decidedly uncomfortable, and was refusing to make eye contact.
"No, no.  Don't take offense. I  never work with anyone because everyone is an idiot." Sherlock turned to the side and swung his legs over the arm of the chair, hanging his head upside down off the opposite side.
Sherlock smirked. “I merely pointed out the fact that he had been borrowing vehicles for personal use, I’m surprised he wasn’t caught out before now.” Sherlock invaded John’s space, pressing into him as he reached above John’s head to grab two mugs, setting them on the counter.
“I thought I might get a quick shower before we go, I have 12 missed calls from Mummy.” Sherlock replied, lazily. He turned to walk down the hall to the bathroom, removing his trousers as he went. Now that the case is over, my experiment on John Watson continues. He shimmied just a bit more than necessary to drop his pants.
So...I wrote chapters 1-6 of this story almost 5 years ago. This is the first "new" chapter. The chapter count has gone up, and the rating may change as we move along. My writing style has evolved a bit - I tried my best to match the tone of the story, so I hope you still enjoy reading it. If you do...kudos and comments, please!
Don’t worry about it, John. Relax, get some sun. We present at 2 PM on Tuesday, we’ll be fine if we meet up for lunch right before, just to go over details. I’m fine to hang out with Karen.
John spluttered, spraying his tea in an impressive arc. “Sorry, sorry…” he took the napkin Sherlock offered and began to wipe up his mess. “I just didn’t expect that description!” He began to laugh, along with both Dad and Sherlock. Mummy eyed all three of them in miffed silence.
“There’s no way we’re wrapping him, Sherlock. Don’t even think about it!” John looked at the puppy sceptically. “How do you propose getting him home?” Shopping with Sherlock had been a trial, and John was tired. Sherlock decided to forgive him for being a bit grumpy.
"Spot on so far," replied John. "I was a Captain in the RAMC, a medical surgeon. Fought in Afghanistan. Shot in the shoulder, irreparable nerve damage in my left hand. Got sent back for being useless." John stated this as a matter of fact, successfully hiding any emotions.
“I’m boiling, let’s sit in the shade…” She gestured them towards a table. “Would you two like something to drink? I should know better than to agree to afternoon lessons, I get so overheated!” She signaled the waiter as soon as they were seated, removing her white visor and smoothing her dark hair. The waiter approached the table with menus, but Mrs. Ayers waved hers away, requesting only a sweet tea with lemon.
Sherlock found himself momentarily speechless- another unexpected side effect of spending time with John Watson, he mused. He had been shocked when John took his hand outside the hotel. He could still feel the warmth from John's strong fingers wrapped around his palm, and wondered if it would be acceptable if he reached over and reclaimed them. He decided to reach for his drink instead, at least for the moment. Just a bit of liquid courage, he thought to himself.
Snow crunched under John’s feet as he carried their bags up the front steps. The sky was a brilliant, shining blue and the air smelled like wood smoke. Despite the idyllic setting, John’s stomach was a bundle of nerves. Get it together, Watson, he thought.
“Look, Professor Mcgonogall, please don’t take me off the team. I’ll do anything. I’ll study for weeks on end. I’ll study like my pants are on fire. We did brill last year, I had an amazing game plan to get us back on it this year.”
"Apologies. I was only going to come over to offer you some assistance. I didn't mean to frighten you."
"Why on Earth would I want to read something twice, Mycroft? I've read everything in this stupid library. Let me in the Restricted Section."
He’d have to sneak back in to the Ravenclaw common room later. Wouldn’t help his situation at all if he got caught, he’d rather avoid the drama. For now, he was going back to library.
“Parasomnias like sleepwalking and nightmares are usually linked. And you have worrying muggle parents, of course you were tested for ADHD among other things; they had no idea you were a wizard at the time. Though I must emphasise the shakes are nothing to do with your wizarding capability, but rather your hunger for adventure which I hope I have just proved.”
Greg looked at his watch. He had been Waiting at King’s Cross Station for twenty minutes now, it was close to 11 o’clock.
John had to give himself a second to catch up. He focused on his face, but it held no indication of having done so, the expression back to it's defiant stare at Snape.
"Let us pray you don't." His elder brother said, flipping over the page of the newspaper he was reading,
"Ah. Holmes. What contribution are you making today?" Snape said, sneering. "Would you care to enlighten us?"
Greg couldn't help it, he burst into laughter. Mycroft widened his eyes, looking slightly scandalised at the outburst. He quickly smoothed it over, smiling politely.
It wasn't that he hated school. He loved Hogwarts. He loved learning. But sitting still in a dreary room for an hour being droned on at six times a day by a teacher, the only difference between him and them being their formal qualification to teach, was agony. Many of which, in Sherlock's opinion, were not even deserving of their qualifications.
John tried to actively engage in the lesson, but he was switching off already. He couldn't help it, it was so dull and frankly, trying to keep up with Snape talking as if they were Potion Masters themselves was not helping in the slightest.
back in!" He shouted, and the rest of the team laughed, despite themselves. "Why don't you come down here and run this distance too?!"
"Not sure. Didn't see him, but he got kicked out of Potions after that thing with Snape, so I'm guessing he just didn't turn up."
“Come with me.” Sherlock said, wrapping his hand around the boy’s wrist and pulling him. “And keep your voice down.”
They paused behind the library main door as the footsteps continued down the corridor. Eventually, they turned the corner and left. Sherlock opened the door and poked his exposed head out, turning it left and right and looking like a right spectacle. John hid his grin. He followed after the taller boy as they quickly and quietly made their way through the halls.
He stopped outside the door to his sister's room and raised his hand to knock on her door. Then he stopped.
Both Greg and John were on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, which is where they got to know each other. Greg was the Keeper and the Captain, and he picked John out as the Seeker last year because he thought a tiny little thing like him would be nimble enough to chase around a Golden Snitch. He was right of course, his instinct when it came to Quidditch was unwavering.
“That sounds about right. I remember my A-Levels.” His mum hummed in thought. “And the ones you did last year, OWLs was it? Those are like GCSEs?”
He was hoping that when his sister got her letter things would be different. He would waltz into school with a magic sibling who would probably get sorted into Hufflepuff and then show everyone that magic really is in his blood and he is worth his place in Hogwarts because he deserves to be there and oh my god John you’ve really been thinking too much about this.
Sherlock - sycamore wood (known to be eager for new experience and losing brilliance if engaged in mundane activities. This wood may combust if allowed to become bored. Owners are typically curious, vital and adventurous. Tell me there isn't are more suiting wand wood for Sherlock, I dare you).
“But,” she cut in, “I want improvement. By Christmas I want your grades moved from Poor to the minimum 'Acceptable', or Gryffindor will make do without one. Is that understood, Mr Lestrade?”
“-Does enjoy the bit of kink; soft stuff though, you’ll be disappointed. Easily switches but prefers to be submissive-”
Sherlock stopped. He locked eyes with John as he attempted to figure him out. “Hm. You’re cleverer than you look.”
"You weren't in bed. I thought you went for a wander around the grounds without me and I couldn't have that." Seb yawned slightly. He was in his nightclothes. Jim, however, was still in his uniform; tie and all.
"We better run if we're going to catch the train in time. We'll be lucky if it doesn't bloody leave without us." Greg exclaimed, gripping his trolley with his suitcases on and breaking into a run; John, with his shorter legs, a beat behind him. "Just like Quidditch practice, hm?"
"I know. The Holmes are pure-bloods. They have a sister too, I think. Eurus, or something? You wouldn't have any doubts with such wizardy names like that. Then there's us. Greg and John."
Seb blinked and he pushed down the little hitch in his chest to flick up his brows, entirely over-dramatic and suggestive. "Finally. Thought you'd never ask me."
“He’s gone.” He said, leaning off the wall and moving down the corridor, this time not taking John’s wrist.
He looked pleased enough, and scurried off back to his own table. Mycroft turned back to the table and found his appetite ravaging. He frowned, and looked back over at Sherlock, who had stopped eating, instead distracted with his nose in his book from the train journey.
"Uh, yeah, thanks." Greg mumbled, but it was said to himself since he was alone. Great. That went well; he isn't going to tutor you for shit now, Lestrade, idiot, idiot, idiot.
Sniffing, Mycroft left the slice of chocolate cake staring longingly at him and instead picked up a pear and bit into its flesh.
“And what are you going to do to my kitty?” She said, playfully. “Describe, in detail, exactly what you’ll do to my kitty.”
"Only a few hours before I have to get up for class. Speaking of which, why aren't you in them anymore?"
"That's the thing with smart people, you have to constantly keep them stimulated or they self-destruct. Dad told me that."
“Hm, thought about it; no.” Sherlock turned on his heels and started making his way out of the library.
“The library.” Sherlock whispered back. He was still looking down the hall, so he didn’t see the face John made.
wished for. He spent all day by the front door waiting for it, but Harry's acceptance letter never came. She wasn't a witch. As it stood, John was the only weirdo. John just automatically assumed that since he was a wizard, Harry would have magic too. He waited for more than 14 hours, the smile on his face slowly receding as the day wore on. There was no letter, which meant he was the only one in his family to be born with gifts.
"Mycroft, please don't be so hostile." His mother said. "Of course it's good that he's decided on a career path. It's wonderful he's decided to become an Auror."
With an exasperated sigh, he picked up the books and traipsed out of the library back to the Gryffindor common room.
Greg's parents didn't exactly have a typical romance story. His dad was a muggle, a mechanic who fixed cars for a living. His mum was a witch who worked for the Ministry of Magic as an observer of muggle behaviour. They met when she was working undercover, and they fell hopelessly in love. She spotted him when she was crossing the street, and spent three days learning about the job he did. Then she bought a car and purposely smashed it up, so she could take it to him to get fixed. It's a ridiculous story, but Greg secretly loved it. Absolutely no one under any circumstance was to know it, but he was a terrible romantic. Flowers, chocolates, the lot; the more cliche the better. He loved the idea of fate, and he believed in soulmates.
John spat out the toothpaste before he spoke. "I didn't want anything! Honestly. It's good for you, you get to go through the life you want to have, right? It's great. It's all good. Amazing in fact."
Mycroft said, deliberately indifferent. Sherlock heard the double meaning, clearly- You're reinstated, for now, but there are hoops you will have to jump through.
no. He wasn't sure he could effectively hide the stitches and molted bruises along his side, wasn't sure he could even convince the man to take him upstairs; he hadn't seen the man with any partners, so-
“And the last name on our list?” Sherlock slurred, his eyelids weighed down with narcotics and too long without sleep.
These were all expected, if a little on the boring side. And the water boarding wasn't so bad, really. Sherlock had trained his lungs to withstand nearly six minutes underwater, so as long as he flailed a bit, they thought they were doing more damage then they actually were. All in all, it wasn't nearly as bad as he had been dreading. He kept a scared look on his face and gave the two men what sadistic impulses they wanted, without losing any bit of himself in the process. A bit of quid pro quo, so to speak. He even got some refiling done in his mind palace, tuning out most of the questions with practiced ease- so when there was finally a question that startled him, he lost his composure, a bit.
He used everything he had learned about the slim man, with his little patience and cheating girlfriend to get him out of the room, if only for five bloody minutes-
“So, I was thinking, why not start with something small? Something you won't even miss if you're as valuable as my boss's boss thinks you are. Won't that be a laugh?”
Sherlock timed his retreat with the boom of the trap he had set, hoping that the noise and confusion would be enough to cover his escape, and he was very nearly right.
“Possibly one of yours.” Sherlock replied, nearly sliding on a curb at the outskirts of the town, near the forest. “Possibly one of hers or their's.”
They had him cornered. But, for the second time that night, Sherlock had gotten lucky. They weren't firing their weapons, so he had a chance. If they
), he made his escape quietly and assuredly. He didn't bother mulling over it, letting the niggling sensation fade to the back of his mind palace; still something in him told him to mention it to Anthea. He let out a breath he hadn't realized he had been holding as he thumbed out a text.
“You think you are going to fool me with this shit, eh? You think I am some fool?” Mycroft paced, before crowding into Sherlock's space again. He flinched backwards, dragging his shoulders up by his ear and catching the slim metal rod between his shoulder and cheek. Mycroft grabbed him by the opposite ear and wrenched him up, allowing Sherlock to curl further inward on himself. There. The rod slipped into his sleeve. He writhed as if in pain, moving it to the bend of his elbow. Almost, almost.
“Take care.” Mycroft intoned with all the solemnity of a soldier on his death bed. Sherlock couldn't reply, so he simply hung up the phone. He slipped the battery from the back, and then the SIM card. He smashed the sim to tiny shreds of microfibers, then paid the same attention to his phone. Once it was an unrecongizeable blob of wires and electric acutrement, he slipped the lot beneath the water and watched it flow downstream, out of sight.
was plagueing him, he could still recognize a mob member. He still had that much presense of mind, at least. The Russian mafia, to be specific- it wasn't a very hard deduction. The coloring, the rough consonants; it all added up. It didn't, however, make it any easier. He had hoped, oh he had hoped, that for once things wouldn't get over complicated as he boarded a plane for the Ukraine. Worse than just complicated, this was going to be
Sherlock only realized he had fallen asleep when he was awoken with a bucket of water tossed in his face. He gasped and struggled upright, only to be captured by the meaty fists of his tormenters locking around his biceps once more.
Sherlock had eventually settled on a quick and dirty plan- a silencer, the key card, and a quick run to his hut. He would shoot as soon as the Russian got to the eye piece, open the door to confirm the kill, then leave and dispose of the gun in the river near to his shack. Afterwards, he would text Anthea and meet up at the rendevous point, and then.
-but no, the larger man had the keys, Sherlock knew this, of course he knew this, but he still hoped, hadn't he, because if he was busy hoping and thinking then he wouldn't have to pay attention, now would he? He wouldn't have to see oh god, are those bloody pliers?
No, most likely his first assumption was correct- they were going to torture him until he cracked. Amateurs. Torture for information was a monumentally stupid idea- one that had been disproven time and time again, but obviously these brutes hadn't gotten the memo. Sherlock had a giddy moment of a half imagined intellectual debate of the merits of the neurological impairments that 'enhanced interrogation' caused, and it's effects on the veracity of the truth verses the simpler and more effective uses of garden variety bribes, but he was interrupted by the sound of a door clanging shut in the distance. It was the first thing he had heard in days. He dragged himself by the elbows off the stained matress and in the direction of the door for a better vantage point.
He had a half mad thought to thank the man for bringing him food, but before he could give voice to the notion, the man straightened and the opening closed. Sherlock scrambled after the bowl, unerring in his pursuit even in the cloying darkness that permeated all of his senses; briefly, he toyed with the notion of drugs in the soup, but he dismissed the thought as quickly as it had come. If it were drugs, well, that wouldn't make one ioata of a difference, now would it? He'd still eat; it was that or starvation, and of the two, he knew there wasn't a choice, really. Hell, even if they'd poisioned the damn food, he'd still eat.
He pressed a shaking fist to the hole in his side, feeling the red rivulets of warm blood drip over his fingers. He grimaced, wiping his hands roughly on his bedraggled pants. Their dark color should hide the stains (for now) but the ripped stitches did pose an immediate problem, he had to admit. He couldn't afford to leave any trace, any careless bit of himself, here.
Sherlock had let himself hope; how hateful. How could this situation he had put himself in not lead to torture? How could he even be so fucking stupid to-
“Little frightened rabbit, struggling will do you no good, yes?” The drunken man's breath washed over his face, mixing with the putrescence of the room and making Sherlock gag. The man purred, his Russian turned low and soft, a weapon in of itself. Sherlock pried his eyes open (when had he closed them? He couldn't afford to close them, he had to see, he had to know-) and fought the panic welling up in his throat.
“One last thing, brother mine. There's a terrorist attack imminent in London; you've been assigned the case, so I do hope your vacation won't keep you from your obligations.”
But, it also wasn't Ivan. It was someone he had never seen before, a nasty scar running through his eyebrow, dark glasses covering his eyes and a cheap black suit draped over his hulking frame. The man's pants and shoes were freshly washed, giving very little in the way of clues, but Sherlock thought he might know who he worked for anyways. An image of the Russian's bodygaurds swam in Sherlock's mind's eye. He gulped and allowed the man to grab him by one arm and half walk half drag him back to the Room. Whatever this is, Sherlock thought, letting his eyes close, please let this be the end.
Kratidese's limo pulled up, as Sherlock knew it would; it shielded him from viewing the man duck in, but when the engine grumbled and the thing pulled off, Kratidese was gone. Sherlock, though, being fastidious, looked the other way first when he crawled out of his box in the alleyway. He had made that mistake too- it was one of a depressingly long list of mistakes he had made, his carelessness nearly getting him killed more often than not. It also, most likely, had been part of why this list was taking so very long.
He couldn't be certain how long it had been since he had last choked down anything close to resembling a meal, and in the days he had been in the tiny cell, he hadn't had anything to eat nor drink. Even if the room weren't too small to even crouch in, he wouldn't have been able to pull himself to his feet with how dizzy he was becoming. And oh, how very cold everything was- hateful in it's normalacy, for all that it was bound to get much, much worse. Enforced starvation, as it were, was, in fact, the least of his problems, if he was right. They hadn't done much beyond capturing him and tossing him in the small, windowless room; but that meant they were planning on something far more dangerous. Perhaps they were going to try and ransom him back to the British government?- but that seemed unlikely, especially given that he was off the books in every respect; the man he had been was dead, and he had become a non-entity, a blank page with a gun.
The library was hopefully going to be empty, it was the evening. He opened the door carefully, peeking his head round the door. Seemed quiet enough. Sherlock tiptoed through, hoping not to catch anyone's attention. He pulled out his wand to cast a spell - sycamore wood, phoenix tail core, 12 and half inches.
"No, look dear, 'We are delighted to inform you that William Sherlock Scott Holmes has surpassed his OWL examinations and is to be moved from his fifth year to his sixth at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry’." His mother read from the letter, brimming with excitement.
“Bisexual; likes guys more than girls, but has suffered a bad breakup recently so is more inclined to get into a relationship with a girl than a boy. Probably wants to forget, you know how people are so unnecessarily sentimental-”
“You could do without added distraction. Believe me, removing you from the team would be devastating to me too, last year was a brilliant run.” She almost looked sad, but the deep crease in her forehead between her brow showed Greg she was very cross.
Harry set it aside, and tried not to look too excited about the bracelet that was wrapped up in the next package.
John halted. He never noticed what pretty eyes he had. They only accentuated his ridiculous cheekbones, and the curve of his cupid’s bow was so exaggerated it couldn’t be real. His whole face looked like it had been carved out of stone like those art pieces in museums. John flicked out his tongue to wet his lips.
He sighed and rolled his eyes before looking down the corridor. It wasn’t too busy. He picked out the girl by the fountain.
"Wait, where are we going now?" John panted as they made their way up the moving stairs. They came to a stop outside the Fat Lady's painting; the entrance to the Gryffindor common room. "Oh." John deflated when he realised that was the end of their escapades for the night.
imprinted in gold lettering on the tip. There were footrests on it and everything. It was the new fastest broom to date. Greg had to look away, it was like porn and he nearly came in his pants; it looked so beautiful. He flicked back again, looking at the price, excitement seeping away with a frown.
There was a quote or something, cry in the dojo and laugh in the ring? He really hated Greg for believing in that. He had the whole team doing laps back and forth across the entire pitch. If John didn't pass out from low blood sugar, he was going to kill him.
"Wiggenweld Potion." The boy said, his voice a lot nicer sounding than what John had imagined. "Used for healing injuries. Relatively straight-froward to make. Ingredients are one pint of Horklump juice, two drops of Flobberworm Mucus, seven Chizpurfle fangs, Billywing sting slime, a spring of mint, Boom Berry juice, one stewed Mandrake-"
Oh God- it was Mycroft wasn’t it? How did he know Sherlock was up at this hour? Sherlock narrowed his eyes. Of course Mycroft knew.
"Don't tempt me." Jim sighed and closed his eyes as he leaned onto his back, stretching his arms up into the arm of the sofa. It made Sebastian stop and glance over at him, swallowing at the movement.
Sherlock prodded him with a bony finger. The myth of waking a sleepwalker were amazingly untrue, and this was rather amusing.
It was true. The more he thought about it, the more he realised how Harry would never fit into the wizarding world. She was the most muggle kind of muggle you’d ever meet, and she liked it that way. She loved him of course, but she would never be able to live a witch’s life herself. She was too much like their parents.
She finally set down the quill to address him with eye contact. “Obviously, I have brought you here for a discussion and not one on the weather. This is about your grades. Last years.”
John paused then inhaled on Sherlock’s behalf. Somehow he had rattled through all that in one breath.
Sherlock stopped, hand on the door handle. He turned with a look that showed John he was dying to tell him.
But god, was he tired. A few weeks had turned to a few months, had turned into two years. Or was it three? He couldn't remember. He was too dizzy for that. The dizziness- was it from blood volume loss, or perhaps something more mundane, like forgetting a few too many meals? He couldn't recall. He was just too damn tired. At least the biting cold would stymie the blood flow, so there was that. A small silver lining.
“Well, this was more of a introduction anyhow.” He grabbed a handful of Sherlock's hair, dragging his head upright as he smiled that bland smile he had first worn- his eyes, though. His eyes burned. “Tomorrow, little rabbit, the real fun begins.”
“You know how this works, yes? I aks you questions, and if I don't like your answers...” He trailed off with a shrug. Sherlock nodded, though it wouldn't make much of a difference. He didn't have the answers that the man would like, and the answers he did have would mean death for those he cared about if he was foolish enough to spill the beans. It was going to be a very trying next few hours indeed.
“I'm ditching the phone. I'll find a way to contact you within the week. If not...” He trailed off, but his meaning was clear. He swallowed past a lump in his throat. “You'll take care of him, yes?”
He allowed small bits of the bread between sips, tearing strips off of the roll and dunking them liberally in the soup to avoid chewing altogether. It was a working process. Any piece of veg he came across, he mushed to the roof of his mouth with his tongue, then swallowed as best he could and little by little, the bowl was drained. He didn't feel the slightest twinge of embarassment when licking the dredges of the bowl like a dog- his pride had no place here, really.
Then, after exactly ten minutes, the brute stepped back and wiped his bloody knuckles on a cloth the smaller man provided with a smirk. Sherlock felt something nervous flutter in his stomach, like a jittery bird.
Sherlock slowed as he reached the wood, mentally counting down the minutes in his mind's eye and mapping his way to the river.
Sometimes, though, he couldn't help it- the thoughts came unbidden, like a creature in the night stalking some unsuspecting prey. Thoughts like,
“And you? Are you not?” His brother replied, raising an eyebrow. He was, of course, referring to Sherlock's own words to Irene Addler, after all the mess she had brought behind her had dissovled like so much smoke. Sentiment, a defect found on the losing side. Sherlock found he couldn't respond, so instead he looked into the flames of the fireplace that looked so similar to the one in 221B; a momento of home. When he finally had the courage to look up, his brother was long gone, with only the ring of moisture from his glass left behind.
The four mollars he took were symetrical in their abscence, one from each side, upper and lower, and he lined them up precisely on the table top, even going as far as to wipe them down individually so that they gleamed white in the dull light. The man then filled a small bucket with bleach and dunked the pliers liberally, before wiping them with a clean towel that he had kept in the pockets on the side of the bag. Sherlock tried not to groan as drool and blood leaked from his aching mouth. He had been as quiet as he could be under the circumstances, even as he acknowledged that it was foolish of him. People don't torture people if they don't, on some level, like it. To hold back his screams would just make things so much worse for him. Next time, he told himself, wearily, I will scream. Because there will be a next time.
Fifteen minutes. That wasn't a hell of a lot of time to do any preperations. All of his files were there, all of his information; he had to get it before the person imitating Anthea got there and used it to their own ends. He ran, ignoring the stitch in his side, but keeping to the back alleys and residential roads that were more or less abandoned. As he ran, he dialed Mycroft's number, holding the flip phone between his shoulder and cheek as he hopped over fences and filth tinged snow drifts. Mycroft picked up on the third ring.
There was, of course, no usual place. He didn't know his extraction plans until he got them. Anthea controlled all of it, away from any prying eyes. It was need only information, and neither he, nor Mycroft were privvy to them. Anthea, being the paranoid MI6 agent she was, most likely didn't even tell her combat team the information.
It took her nearly another hour to reply, the weak light of dawn starting to push away the boundary of darkness from his shack in the wilderness of the Ukraine. The soft buzz of his phone against the carton of cigarettes he had nicked nearly startled him into dropping the needle he was using to repair his stitches, and he quickly tied off the knot and snipped away the excess thread, before picking it up and reading the message.
“I need to piss and get a drink, ya? Don't get to the good stuff before I get back.” The bigger man said, tossing the cloth towards the end of the table.
. His nostrils filled with the perfume as a woman's laugh filled his ears, and pain slammed into the back of his head- then the world went dark.
It took him far longer than it should to realize that he was hyperventalating; he tried to calm himself, knowing that he was expending far too much energy as it was, energy he just didn't have, and that he would likely fall unconcious if he didn't stop acting like a child and fucking calm down-
It went exactly as he had planned, and though something about it bothered him (blinds shut, light on down the hallway to the en suit, the smell, there was something about the
He caught a wiff of it on the breeze, and it nearly stopped him in his tracks. Had he been followed? He cursed to himself as he zig zagged through the unfamiliar terrain of the forest, barely noting the whir of a distant helicopter.
The smaller man was tricky, even Sherlock had to admit. On face value, he had very little in the area of tells; his face was carefully bland and partially obscurred by a thining beard, and his clothes, while not threadbare, were clearly worn and a cheap brand. His hands were hidden by leather gloves, but the creasing patterns showed he had held several slim objects for long enough a time that the leather was forever marked. The tan hide of the gloves had also been scrubbed, and smelt faintly of industrial bleach. That, in itself, was telling. He was the torturer then. No wonder he had been so excited. His boots weren't nearly as clean as the rest of him, splattered with mud and had woodchips stuck in the grooves; (carpentry as a hobby? No, he wouldn't have the patience for it- look how he's practically vibrating out of his skin right now. Need more data.), but for all the man's blank facade, there were chinks in it, chinks that Sherlock could see, could pull at- things that Sherlock could use.
Sherlock felt like spitting in the man's face, but instead he affected a look of hopeful terror and nodded with all of his might. The man laughed, then motioned for the bigger man to bind him to the floor instead of the ceiling. Ivan, Sherlock thought. The smaller man had called him that the day before- something to remember, at the very least. It was good to put a name to a face.
There was no one in that direction, thankfully, so he carefully directed his eyes to the departing limo, making sure to peek from beneath his lashes, and through his hair for safe measure. Obfuscation was better than decapitation, by any means. He had a moment to watch the car come to a turn, then take a left before it disappeared.
