When Castiel glanced back at the boy holding the green paper, the boy looked like he was about to cry. “Please.
“Not a pussycat, huh?” Gabriel said, still leaning on the wall. “That one’s chubby as an overfed draft excluder.”
“I know.” Charlie kept smiling. “I just might take your advice, too. I’ll talk to her. Set the record straight, so to speak.”
Having wrapped their brains around today’s time travel antics, Dean and Charlie shared a smile of satisfaction. Dean wiped his mouth on his sleeve, and he passed his leftovers to Charlie.
“But those infractions still happened,” Professor Moseley said, putting her hands on her hips. Her purple chiffon robes draped all the way to the dust, hanging from her elbows. “What we learn at this school is not merely how to respect life, learning to understand, and how to be free. There also has to be a respect for the rules, how to understand
Cautiously, Castiel knelt, and he pushed his pyjama pants down. He looked at his erection, trying not to feel shame. He’d always wondered what other people did when they had erections, and now he had a chance to find out. In his near twenty-two years, he’d never really known.
Castiel sucked on his lower lip, one hand massaging his cock slowly, considering Dean’s position before him.
This time, he got no response at all.
Charlie hummed. “Maybe you could talk to Kara. She’s in my year, and she’s autistic too.”
“That one always stays.” Dean collected all the balls and arranged them like Sam had. “Your round, church boy. Let’s say you empty the table in fewer hits than I did and, uh... I’ll owe ya. What was that, seven? Seven hits. Beat that and you’re golden.”
So why did Dean look so crestfallen now?
“I can fix that,” Castiel said, sliding his wand out of his sleeve.
But Charlie caught her and took her back. “Yes, with you. Didn’t you see what Castiel painted on the truck? Under the company name.”
Sam met a woman in the camp who carried a ukelele, and she sang to them about pedigree dogs, and Dean swayed. Castiel swayed with him, until he fell off the car roof.
She smelled okay. Castiel liked her.
“Yes!” Charlie shouted, standing up. “There are people working at this school who are
“Touching yourself,” Dean said.
Dean laughed as he left their bedroom. “More than dessert and barbecue combined.”
, and throughout the entire fifteen minutes, Castiel kind of looked as though his world had been turned upside down. When the credits rolled, Sam laughed in delight, and handed Castiel the remote control. “There’s more where that came from, buddy,” he said, patting him on the back and leaving him to watch whatever he wanted.
Sam smirked and looked away.
He walked over to Castiel in natural strides, and Castiel grinned, amused by the height difference. Castiel’s forehead only came up to Dean’s chin.
Dean stared after him, mouth hanging open.
children, that’s all. I never considered that you’d rather give birth.”
Castiel looked as if he wanted to argue, so Dean stood to silence him, a gentle touch of charcoal-black fingers upon his soft pink lips.
Charlie gave him a sorry look. Then she brightened, and said, “One sec. B-R-B.”
“I know you have what it takes,” Professor Moseley said. “That knowing feelin’ in me never lies.”
His eyes flicked to Charlie’s, but he looked down again when he saw she was still paying attention.
“Hmm,” Castiel agreed, eyes falling shut. He breathed hard, grunting at the back of his throat. He gripped Dean’s thigh, rubbing it in soothing motions until his mouth widened and he cried out, “
He ran into the truck, slammed a fridge open and shut, then ran back out. He gave a bright and happy grin, presenting Castiel with a fold-constructed thin cardboard box with the
Castiel slowly leaned against a wall, feeling its chill seep into him, soothing him. “So I’m
“Hey, I didn’t scratch his precious truck,” Dean said, throwing up his hands. “And I replaced the gas I used. What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him.”
” Castiel said.
Castiel grinned, nibbling on Dean’s lower lip. He let go, and Dean exhaled, a tremble in his breath.
“But I don’t think I
By the end of the game, he’d kept eighteen balls out of the score hoops. Zunbyrd won their game, and there was no doubt it was thanks to him.
Castiel took a deep breath, held it, then let it go. As he relaxed, he shut his eyes, and felt very aware of Dean being
“You looked
Castiel finished his drink, holding the glass upturned so the foam sank onto his tongue. He swallowed, then set the base down to the table.
“I’m thinking.”
Dean grinned and sang, “
Castiel beamed, and sat up to give Dean a kiss on the cheek – but Dean moved into it, and they kissed on the mouth.
“If I win...” Dean grinned. “Massage my feet.”
“You done, Cas?” Dean asked. Castiel had crouched a bit to measure out the
Castiel finished sweeping the soggy, sooty mess into the curb, then leaned on the broomstick, looking ponderously at his neighbours. “I couldn’t imagine,” he told them, “sticking that out for so long. It’s like an oven in there.”
Castiel squinted. “You’re not supposed to eat dessert first.”
Dean looked between the potion and Castiel. “Well, duh. You only licked a fingerful.”
The shadow of the Impala curved around a tall green saguaro cactus to the car’s right. Dean reached for the keys to cut the engine, and it quieted. The hood ticked as it settled.
Castiel squinted for a bit, shuffling through recent thoughts, trying to remember what he’d been saying. He inhaled, recollection hitting him like a ray of sunlight through the window. He turned around, and he approached all the students putting their vials on his desk, passing by all the others who packed up their bags for the end of the day.
Charlie left slowly, taking the time to walk around the fountain and enjoy the peace that this room brought her. She watched the stone phoenix spitting water into the air, sparkling in bright candlelight. She listened to the harp-like trills of unseen birds, and she watched leaves flutter in waves.
; it was meant to be a song of sorrow, a heartbreaking cry. A swan song. But what Dean and Castiel danced to now – what they twirled to and laughed as they did – it was the farthest from sorrowful as it was possible for a sound to be. This was joy in the form of music. The harmonies were radiant, like sunshine and true, genuine smiles. This was not a song to be pressed on a record and sold to the masses, nor was it the kind of waltz that a hundred, or even a dozen people could dance to.
“I want to look at the stars,” Castiel said, sweeping up leftover ingredients into a pan held off the side of the desk. He tossed the bits into the sink and Vanished them with his wand, then looked back at Dean. “I want to see something beyond what’s in this cauldron. I want to see you again. I—” He looked away. “I miss you.” He looked back, meeting Dean’s eyes. “I feel like I’ve missed so much of our time together, while I’ve been obsessing over this.”
“He doesn’t have a dress yet,” Charlie said, standing behind Dean, holding his shoulder. “I told him to hold off until the potion was done.”
Dean, Castiel and Charlie turned to smile at Sam.
There it was. The weedy little driveway for number 107, crammed between better-kept hedges that clearly didn’t belong to Dean.
toy. Meanwhile Castiel charged through the aisles, desperately trying to find Dean.
With a huff and a smile, Dean whipped his wand to cancel the amplification charm, then lowered his head. “I’m good,” he said. He reached down and took Castiel’s hand. “You guys are here. People are listening. I think I’m ready.”
Dean’s thumb grazed his hand, self-soothing. “Mostly? Ah... Huh. I’m gonna miss the car.” He gave a sad smile, twisting his hands together. “I felt at home on the road. Maybe it would be short-lived. Infatuation. Like a love affair with the Muggle world. Like Charlie said, we don’t belong on this side any more. I don’t.”
“Then there’s some days all I wanna do is put on something pretty underneath,” Dean said. “Those days are fine. I don’t mind ‘em.” He nodded upward at the wardrobe. “That’s my cupboard for witch days.” He nosed towards the drawers. “Wizard days.”
was guaranteed to be the best thing Dean ever tried his hand at, save one: whatever it was he’d started with Cas.
A peachy-cheeked blonde woman in her late fifties turned around, and her eyes lighted on Charlie and Castiel. “You called?”
“Uh,” Dean said, blinking himself alert. He touched his hands to Castiel’s hips, then slowly slid both around his waist, patting forward to find the bat. He wrapped his torso all the way around Castiel, holding the bat along with him. Dean’s crotch was pressed to Castiel’s ass. What toned, well-padded buttocks he had.
“There was a vacancy,” Dean shrugged. “I asked for Defence Against the Dark Arts but obviously Professor Bradbury already has that.”
,” Castiel heard Daniel say.
,” of relief.
Castiel saw smiles and he heard laughter, but mostly he paid attention to the music – sheepskin drums, Diné flutes, rattles, whistles, and what was possibly some kind of violin. A live band had been hired for the night. Both the men and the women wore turquoise-dyed clothing, had their hair in long black plaits, and they talked among themselves on the squat stage as they played. There was an ease and comfort in their performance that made Castiel want to listen and watch forever.
He smiled. He liked his face. It felt like his own face now. Not a sister’s.
“So where is he now?” Castiel asked.
Dean laughed, and surged against Castiel, pinning him to the bed. “How ‘bout I show you, huh?”
. Ooh, I like the swooshy flamey thing under the name. That’s cool. And the marigold flowers? Cute. I see Mariela’s Mexican influence.
. That was smooth. Okay. Whew.” He sniffed, trying to act like he wasn’t falling apart, a shaky smile on his lips. “Um. I. Used to be lead singer for a band, I guess? Rockstar dreams. But filling bellies came in a close second on the list of passions, so ran with that.”
“Oh!” Castiel said, eyes brightening. “We should match. My waistcoat and your dress.”
“How ‘bout the new boy, honey?” came the warm, round voice of an older black woman, who’d seen him hesitate. “Ain’t nobody know what he’s capable of yet.”
Dean spun around happily, running his hands over his hips. They weren’t any wider, nor less blocky, but his waist had come in a bit, which made his hips more prominent. Dean rubbed his belly, giggling when he felt soft tummy pudge. “I look like a Greek goddess.”
The class groaned.
Dean reached the two doors to the Hall, and he saw Rinker the house elf standing by. “Hey,” Dean smiled.
There were small folds of skin on Castiel’s belly – not fatty, but muscular. Dean felt dazed just looking at it. He... liked it. He liked to look at Cas with his shirt open. He imagined Cas lying back on the sand with his shirt open that way, and he liked that, too.
He eased past the table, giving each of the Latina women a nervous look. Castiel made a point of glaring harder than everyone else.
Dean licked his lips, gazing up at the stars. “Yeah.”
“You wanna go jerk off?” Dean asked, tilting his head.
“What are you doing?” Castiel asked.
“Uhhh,” the boy said, his voice far deeper than it had been last year. “Sex is like, mating.”
Dean laughed in surprise and perhaps a little fear, stumbling back a few steps as the beast touched down, four clawed feet to the floorboards. It had wings tucked to its back. It paced, lighting up the room and Dean’s face in silver. It came up to confront him, and Dean saw its eyes were crystal blue, sunken into its face the way Castiel’s were. The dragon blinked at Dean in a smiley way, then turned its great head towards Sam, then Charlie. It nodded approvingly, then paced halfway around and walked up to Castiel.
Dean stared at the room, and for what felt like the first time in two-and-a-quarter years, he relaxed.
Rinker didn’t look convinced.
“It’s not that,” Castiel said. He looked down and away, gazing long across the purple desert. An elf owl screeched in the middle-distance.
Dean flicked a flattered glance Castiel’s way. “Guess that’s somethin’. Coming from my in-kitchen pride parade.”
Like Castiel had, and like Dean had, Sam took some time to summon up his best memory. He reset his shoes on the floorboards, and he shifted his shoulders and twitched his head, making his hair shift around his ears. He put out his wand arm, and he did the twirly movement of his wand as perfectly as he did anything he’d practised a hundred times.
“Class, before you leave,” Castiel said, projecting his voice, “It seems apparent that too many of you have been to visit Patron Singer in the hospital wing with complaints of stress.”
“Ugh, put some clothes on,” Dean said, holding a hand up between him and his brother.
“What?” Dean grinned at his brother. “He asked. And he’s not wrong, is he?”
Dean burst out laughing, taking Castiel’s hand and tugging it so Castiel held his lower back. “Hell yeah, Cas.” They began to dance, stomach-to-stomach, Castiel’s legs battling with Dean’s underskirts for every step.
“Your frou-frou vegan crap and our meat ain’t exactly competing, dude. From what I saw you’re doin’ fine, you don’t need
Castiel seemed to comprehend that statement after a moment, so didn’t pry further. He dried dishes and stacked them, and once handed Dean a dish back because Dean hadn’t rinsed the suds off properly. And he listened, quietly, head bobbing to the music. They came to
“It’s still warm,” Dean uttered enticingly.
“I... Dean? If you weren’t to object, I... I’d really like to... kiss you, right now,” Castiel said. “But—”
That dream was still in the pipeline. Sam was sure he’d do something awesome once he came of age.
Castiel left the Fountain Room, running after Dean. One glass slipper was cradled carefully in his hand.
“Is it... yours?” Sam asked.
Castiel scowled at him. “Over my dead body,” he growled, which for some reason made the room go wild. At first he thought his audience was offended, but then saw they were smiling, and Dean was grinning wider than any of them.
“You’re everything I always wanted,” Dean murmured. “And you’re everything I never knew I needed, besides.”
“Take it,” Dean said, as Castiel took it. “I was savin’ it for my dinner but I’m sick of eating nothing but this stuff anyway. Million other things to enjoy out here, right? You have this. I’mma go find chicken salad or sushi or somethin’.”
Charlie smiled. “Really? I never saw you around the common room before.”
: Magical Table of Elements. Boom.”
“Ah— Alright,” Castiel gasped out, hands moving to hold Dean’s curvy waist. Dean squirmed,
. There are exactly
“Aaah!” Dean shouted, squeezing Sam tight. “You smell like victory!”
“Enjoy it once we’ve broken even,” Sam said, now a fast-moving shadow in the dimly lit truck, hazed around the edges by grill smoke.
“No shit,” Dean breathed, laughing as his eyes darted low. “If you like that, Cas—? You’re gonna love this. Mmn.” He kept on beaming, teeth digging into his lip as he twisted around and crawled onto his island counter, prowling animal-like until his socks were up there too. He gave a little shimmy, chest down, letting his t-shirt ruck up and expose his lower back.
Dean put his hands on his hips, smiling up at the stars. An inky indigo smothered the sky above, the darkness broken only by pinpricks of light in varying colours. From down in this quarry, so far away from the bright Muggle city, Dean was sure he saw rainbow galaxies twisted into the dome of darkness, a true spectrum of celestial glories. It was chilly out, cold enough that the hair on Dean’s arms stood on end.
Bobby came back just as Dean finished heaving his stomach empty, and he rubbed Dean’s back soothingly while Dean washed his face and mouth in the nearest washbasin. “It’s the Skele-Gro Fracture Repair,” Bobby said. “Good thing you were out cold when I gave you the first lot, or you would’ve coughed up a lot sooner.”
There came an awkward silence. At least, Charlie found it awkward. She had to work up the courage to break it, and when she did, her words came out rasping: “If you knew about Dean and Cas, and you’re supportive, why fight to keep the no-relationship rule?” Charlie squeezed Castiel’s arm, then let go, gazing imploringly at the Principal.
. I wish I could bake every day, not just sometimes. Not just when people need me to or want me to. I want to do it as a hobby again. For fun. Or even for profit; I just want to
Dean hung his head, shoulders shifting as Castiel settled back to his own stool, both inclined to act casual as Charlie came into the kitchen, bringing with her a wisp of outside air and a beaming presence.
“Now,” he called over the hubbub of chattering students, “be very careful with these vials! Not all of your potions are going to be perfect on the first go, so that’s not something to worry about. Now, Patron Singer—
Castiel opened his mouth, tilting his head. “What?”
“Why does Master Castiel never bat?” Skink asked, folding his blotchy, leathery arms.
. Your neurons are wired a certain way. Social aspects, sensory aspects, the way you learn... You act that way and think and perceive life that way
“Where to next?” Dean asked, before they settled down to sleep.
Sam rubbed his forehead, disliking the memory. “The kids who used to annoy the rest of us, throwing crap at us – they were quiet for weeks. Months. They started paying attention in class, because without their friend they didn’t feel like they wanted to mess around any more. And the teacher used to praise them. They used to suck at everything, but they’d do something a tiny bit better the second time around, and the teacher would go, ‘
Charlie smiled at them. “You two are adorable.”
Castiel exhaled gently, reaching to touch Charlie’s shoulder. “I’m sure none of your students meant to upset you. This is a small school, we don’t get much in the way of outside entertainment. Making up rumours must be amusing to some people.”
somebody
The school was quiet at night. The students and the teachers were all asleep in their beds, being the sensible people that they were.
Skyking glared back, his grey eyes showing too much anger for someone so young.
Dean huffed a tiny laugh. “You’ll get it back,” he promised.
A leather-jacketed, brown-haired lady now pushed out of the crowd, letting Mary pop the remainder of the cupcake into her mouth. “Hm!” Ellen didn’t hesitate before taking another.
Dean settled his ass against the hood of the car again, legs apart. His slacks were sagging around mid-thigh, his shirt open and dragging on the car behind him. He cupped his erection, squeezing through his underwear.
Castiel lowered his eyes to the tupperware he’d brought. “Um.” He hesitated, thinking about handing the tub to Sam and Charlie, knowing they’d save it for Dean... but it seemed such a shame not to hand it over directly. “Thank you,” Castiel said, looking up again, “but no. Do you know when Dean will be back? If?”
Dean downed his spoonful of risotto, and his eyebrows shot up. “Holy mother of—” He glared at the food in abject horror. “What the fuck. That’s awesome. How did you— It’s frickin’ pesto. With rice. What the
Missouri’s eyes naturally went to Joshua, but she set her jaw firmly and looked away. She got up from behind her desk and she turned to the big window, hands clasped behind her back. Afternoon light streamed into her eyes, so she looked down, across the quarry. “I do know,” she answered at last. “And I know why you ask. You have your friends’ best interests at heart. And trust me, so do I.” She looked back over her shoulder, but Charlie had averted her eyes, so Missouri turned back to the window. “Whoever he is, I don’t want your friend hurt. Children can be tricksters. Turn a love against you, whether they mean to or not.”
Dean’s hand moved in two aborted movements, but took the bag and crumpled it until the pie poked out the top. He checked with Castiel, unsurely, but after seeing an encouraging hand-movement, he tilted his head and took a nibble of the pie tip.
. And anyone who’s really on your side would do the same.”
Dean smiled. “Yeah. Nádleehi. Exactly.”
Dean grinned. “Enough talk, already. Let’s get on with this mystery potion of yours.”
They lay together, wriggling themselves comfortable and absorbing each other’s heat. Their wriggles became more pronounced, and then they really started to move, favouring the instinctual urge to shift their hips, to rub together.
Dean stared for a moment, then lowered his eyes to the gushing water, quickly rinsing the pan he held. “I was just telling you where the title came from, but... yeah. Yeah, I guess. God, you’re... Wow.” He was shaken by that level of intuition.
Kids were meant to make friends. Sam had never learned how to make friends. He was sure he’d be a good companion, if he had anyone to accompany. It wasn’t for lack of trying – he’d said hello to plenty of people, but he’d never been able to wriggle his way into a clique. He’d decided he was better on his own anyway, but he knew it wasn’t true.
“How are you coping with all of this?” Charlie asked him.
Castiel peered into the box, and made an involuntary sound of delight as he saw there was practically one of everything inside, from ribs to steak to corn, then spicy potato wedges with their various dips in separate pots, to packets of ketchup and
now. So yeah. I’m nervous.”
part was on Cas’ sky-blue allergen free bakery truck, and the
Dean whined, his eyes closed. Castiel smiled as he slunk up his body, kissing his chest, his clavicle, his Adam’s apple. Then his lips.
At quarter past eleven, Dean and Castiel clapped along to the first dance for a student couple. As Moseley had announced on stage a minute prior, she’d written down everyone’s masquerade fantasy name, to be announced as each dance began. Every couple who’d signed up would get a chance to dance alone to a song of their choosing, while everyone else sat back and watched.
“What’s it doing?” Dean asked.
Dean nodded. “And that’s not all. Oh my God, you’re not gonna believe this.” He stood back from Sam, brushing a hand back through his own short hair. “Guess. Go
A few hands went up.
. He didn’t know where to insert Dean into this scenario, but he wanted him to be there. He wanted Dean to witness his pleasure and he wanted to witness Dean’s.
Dean and Castiel sat at the table, taking drinks off passing trays. While Castiel had been away, Sam had drunk Castiel’s butterbeer, but Castiel wasn’t surprised.
Dean smiled wide for a moment, then looked away bashfully. “Uh. Wow.” He ran a hand over his mouth, no doubt feeling the swell of his pink lips. He licked them as his hand fell. “Alright. I think I got something. We gotta get outta the castle.”
“Uhm...” Castiel licked his lips in a rolling motion, ending with his lips tucked between his teeth.
When Dean was settled, Castiel climbed up too, his heels on the front bumper of the car, his left hip pressed flush to Dean’s. Their right hands moved in sync, sunset shadows crossing Castiel’s abdomen as Dean jacked himself just a bit closer to orgasm.
Castiel sat up straighter. “They grow in the Fountain Room,” he said. “I thought they came from the state of Missouri. I didn’t realise they were named after you.”
“Oh, you’re telling me,” Dean uttered, seething as he turned a corner, leading Charlie into the darker part of the castle, where the corridors no longer had enchanted glass ceilings. Dean and Charlie were headed for Sam’s classroom, and every corridor down here was gloomier than the last.
Into the wok it all went, tossed with the vegetables, drizzled thickly in olive oil – Dean poured, Castiel shook the pan – then darkened with a swirl, then another swirl of tamari sauce.
Wetting his lips with the tip of his tongue, Dean came up behind Castiel, feeling an immense heat, both from himself and from Castiel. Where Dean’s belly pressed up against Castiel’s back, they surely started a fire.
“I rely on magic,” Castiel confessed. “A lot of the time I keep my anxieties in check with calming potions, or small, repetitive charms. Sometimes I’ll just hold my wand,” he curled his hand around the handle, “and it gives me some peace. I don’t like to feel powerless, yet I often am. My wand gives me... a sense of purpose.”
With a sigh, Professor Moseley sat down in her chair, gesturing to the two wingback armchairs before the desk. Charlie sat in the brown one, and Castiel perched at the edge of the green one.
He then unplugged the mini-fridge and heaved the thing into his arms, and stomped his way carefully through the crowd, intending to make a beeline to his car, but found himself stopping at two dozen stalls on his way, enjoying the sights and sounds and all the pretty things there to look at and buy.
Dean laughed. “Look at that, a baseball metaphor! Damn, Cas, you’re really going pro at the whole colloquial speech thing.”
Castiel looked absolutely stunned by the display, but wasn’t shy about looking. He stared openly as Dean got into a kneel, leaned back and pistoned his hips, hands behind his head, body snapping to the beat.
Dean Winchester knew this because he once timed the trip on his digital wristwatch, eight years, four months, and six days ago. And he knows how long ago he timed it because his friend Castiel kept a count of the days since they first arrived at Jinxes, when they’d ridden in separate carriages carried by teams of phoenixes.
Now, and every day.
vital information,” before huffing in annoyance.
When the shop was empty of customers but for Daniel, Sandy, Castiel, and Ms. Raglan, the wand lady gave a harrumph. “So, two wands then. One for the orphan and one for the mudblood. Perfect.” With a dark muttering, she began wandering the glass aisles again, pulling out boxes to look at the wands inside.
They valued understanding.
. Oh, this is terrible. If I was going to stay affected, I’d have to drink a vial every few minutes.”
Swallowing once, Castiel took his mask off, curling up the feather, then tucked the whole thing into the inside pocket of his blazer. He moved to the door and pulled it open. The worn base of the wood skimmed softly over tiles, pushing grains of sand up against the clay wall behind.
“Like a princess.” Castiel ran his thumb over Dean’s lipstick, then he looked at the pink smear on his thumb. “I wonder...”
“I... may have surreptitiously taken the place of an unconscious Keeper during my first game,” Castiel said. “He didn’t wake up for six weeks, so nobody really minded that I took his place in practice afterwards. They needed someone.”
“Okay.” Castiel hesitated, then said, “Dean...? Um, about what you said before... I think you should know... While I absolutely appreciate the invitation to dinner with you, I... I’ve never actually... accepted anyone’s offer before, truth be told. Dating you so soon after meeting you would be very new to me.”
Castiel gasped, flopping straight onto his back and staring wide-eyed at the drapes. His gaze dropped lower, and he peered down his body, between his legs. The blanket was raised up.
“Come in,” Dean said, cocking his head invitingly.
Dean felt Castiel’s eyes on him for a while. Dean pretended he didn’t notice.
Dean stayed quiet, just nodded.
This time Castiel did meet his eye. He smiled. “Dean, of course.”
Then he scraped his chair closer to Castiel and he rested his head against Castiel’s shoulder. “Put your arms around me,” Dean sighed, and Castiel did. He also kissed Dean’s forehead, which made Dean smile.
Castiel seemed bemused, but quietly appreciative. He stood at the passenger side door of the Impala, waiting for Dean to unlock it. “I’ve never thought about barbecuing dessert, no.”
, and looked carefully at the menu boards for the first time ever. They were presented on the blackboard shutters either side of the hatch, handwritten in all caps, with some colourful illustrations.
Okay, a date. He was supposed to show up and present his edible gift, and Cas would be flattered and Dean would tell an awkward but endearing joke and they’d both laugh. Then Cas would show Dean all his math-y church-y things and Dean would be appropriately enthused, and then they’d find a nice spot in the cool shade of the steeple, lie on the green daisy-dotted grass, and have a grand old time watching clouds or some romantic shit like that. Gaze at each other. Then Dean would roll over and give Cas the gluten free kiss he deserved.
“Gross,” Dean said, though he didn’t think it was gross. His smile faded, and he asked the question he wanted to ask: “What does it taste like?”
“Mm,” Dean said.
Dean kept missing. Sam could see he was doing it on purpose. No way he
Dean smirked, fingers tugging on the knot of his robe around his middle. “Long hair. Down to my waist.” He glanced up, noticed Sam’s interested expression, and glanced back down again. “Basically I’d wanna look the same, just... a little sweeter. Bring my jaw in,” he said, smoothing a finger along his strong, stubbled jawline. “No scratchy hair, obviously. Cuter nose. Smaller ears, arched brows...” He squirmed, eyes darting to Charlie.
, dude.
Castiel turned to it, sliding an iron ladle into its thick and voluminous depths. “This one is for you.”
A second phoenix flew down to perch beside the first, and without any ado, it also opened its beak and sang.
Dean sobbed with laughter, fist to his eyes. He took a number of seconds to recover. “Aw
“Cas, I wasn’t in that much danger.”
Castiel nodded, eyes roaming his desk studiously. “I suppose it is a strange position we’re in, as teachers. We can be like family to the students, like parents... But we’re also distant.”
for a hot, nutritious meal. Maybe someone will adopt us and we’ll have a mommy and a daddy. We’ll get a real family, just like I’ve always wanted.”
Dean huffed. He thumped his chin to his chest, exhaling. “Okay.” Then he looked up. “Sam? Sam. Hey. Hey-hey, look at me. Look at me?”
“That wasn’t a lizard, Dean, that was a Miniature Green Knifewing,” Sam said matter-of-factly. “They’re ferocious and hardy and—”
. So many years waiting, and I couldn’t even wait an extra half-hour.” He held both lashes his hand, then blew them away like dandelion seeds. The wind carried them off, and they fluttered away, two tiny black bats, twirling until they were gone.
On the bed, Charlie saw a book set upside down to keep its pages open in place. Its cover moved, and Charlie’s attention was drawn to it: it was the new
Dean gave her a lopsided grin. “Don’t see why not. You guys are my happiest memories.”
Castiel gazed back, his soft expression nothing short of darling. “I love you, Dean,” he said.
Dean winked. And he left, looking back once to grin. Castiel caught his eyes, and turned away, blushing.
But Castiel had probably made himself sick with worry for Dean in the meantime, and that thought made Dean feel queasy.
Aaaaaaalmost...
“Suffice to say, my answer is probably no,” Castiel said, with some confusion.
might be the happy memory he’d choose.
... recently-ish? Time is meaningless these days.
, then to an obscure song by The Hobgoblins with nothing but screeching for lyrics. The kids seemed to love that, but Dean sneered more than he danced. “Not real music,” he muttered, leading Castiel off the dance floor and back to their seats.
After a minute of thought, Castiel supposed he could understand the appeal of being obvious that he and Dean were in love. Maybe if everyone knew Castiel was in a romantic relationship, next year he wouldn’t get love notes from his students in every single class leading up to Valentine’s Day.
They hadn’t been friends then. They hadn’t been friends until exactly seven months and two days ago, on the very last day of term of their final school year, when they were called into the Principal’s office together and each offered teaching positions at the school.
Dean thought they were beautiful. He smiled, feeling a warmth spread out inside his belly. He was probably making the same face he made when he was handed babies to hold – newborn house elves, or those tiny kittens that were discovered in the school basement, or any fellow teacher’s new baby – and he didn’t even care how dewy-eyed he looked right now. One phoenix curled its peacock-like head protectively over the other, and they shut their eyes contentedly. Dean narrowly avoided making a very embarrassing noise in response to the sight.
Instead of spending time in the near-empty Qurdruk common room over the spring and winter breaks, Sam whiled away the hours in the library with the handful of other students who stayed at Jinxes throughout the school year. Otherwise, he could be found in the kitchens with the house elves, or in the Astronomy tower with the phoenixes.
Sam stopped dead. A flare of absolute fury rose in his throat like bile. After years of being subjected to the casual use of that word, and that kind of attitude, he couldn’t believe he was being subjected to the same crap in his own classroom, by an
People didn’t even notice his sunburn. People didn’t notice him a whole lot.
go to the ball!”
Castiel exhaled, eyelashes drifting on Dean’s lips. He seemed to be looking down – and Dean gasped in surprise as he felt Castiel’s fingers touch his hipbone, sliding through ejaculate.
“Six Howlers,” Dean said quietly, running his finger along the paper edges. “Six Howlers, a lot of threats from angry parents, and one court summons from the Ministry. Apparently a few students wrote to their parents and the parents wrote to the Ministry, and I’m being called up on inappropriate behaviour in view of minors.”
Sam collected up all the balls into a plastic triangle and centred them on the green felt, then removed the triangle brace and the balls stayed. Dean gave Castiel a kissy-face smile, then lowered himself down, resting on the edge of the table, cue stretched long, balanced on his fingers. Castiel examined his own fingers, figuring out which ones he should use.
Castiel smirked. “Would you want to?”
Feeling the elation in the room, Dean pulled out his wand and called out the spell to summon his Patronus again. His tiger pounced straight after the phoenix, and they played among the rafters, leaping and diving like any cat chasing a bird.
“I should’ve given you an exact time to take the potion,” Castiel said quietly. “I should’ve said wait a full hour after I left.”
. The conversation stopped there, so Sam never got to tell him he wasn’t talking about the polyamory, he was talking about trying and failing to balance hardcore study with hardcore dating.
“Yeah, like that! Like that, exactly!” Charlie pointed, waggling a finger. “Like you have to clarify because it’s confusing. People’s facial expressions—”
Dean shrugged at Sam. “No idea.”
“Here,” Castiel said. He pushed the cauldron closer to Dean. “Try that.”
Dean looked at Sam like there was no hope of him ever grasping the concept. But Charlie squeezed Dean’s hand, not letting go. “Tell us,” she said quietly. “We don’t want to judge you, we want to understand.”
She set a glass bottle of pumpkin juice on her desk beside three glass tumblers, and she began unscrewing the pumpkin-shaped lid of the bottle. “Shall I pour some for either of you two?”
Dean flustered, biting his lip and grinning. He felt a swell of appreciation in his heart, and it only grew as Castiel came close and hugged him, kissing his cheek.
It always came out wrong. It sounded like the thing he wanted was a thing he hated, when in actual fact, that wasn’t true at all.
“I became homeless when I was sixteen,” Castiel said. “Robbed stores and lived in the storage basement of a church to avoid the cops, until Mariela found me and took me in. I didn’t write any songs about it, though.”
“Holy
“Really?” Charlie gawped. “That’s amazing. What did you say?”
“Hello?” Charlie called.
“I don’t actually eat corn,” Castiel said, eyeing the black-edged yellow thing. “Or most grains, for that matter. But if I cut around the side of the steak that touched it I think I’ll be fine. Oh— What’s in the sauce?”
Castiel tried to look at him, but ended up staring at the open neck of his shirt, where his clavicle showed. “Um. Do you remember... a couple of weeks ago, after we got back from winter break? I told you I made potions with my fourth-years. They made their own, and I made a correct one on my own desk.”
“Oh, I get it. You want to embarrass me while staying anonymous yourself, is that it?”
Ten seconds.
All around them, books floated in the gloom of the dark classroom, lit only by hovering candles, grouped in batches, and the luminescent turquoise mixture that bubbled and spat on the table between Dean and Castiel.
Castiel stared.
“Yes, actually; I
“Awful, isn’t it,” Castiel smiled.
“Hell no,” Dean promised. He knocked his knee against Castiel’s below the countertop’s overhang. “Me, Cas? I don’t get cold feet.”
Soon another couple was announced: Queen Moseley and Sir Joshua D’Angel, Keeper of the Plants.
“Right. Don’t wanna accidentally kill you.”
“Dude, just start over tomorrow,” Dean begged. “I’m hungry, I’m tired, I kinda need to pee—”
s out of his onlookers. Plop, plop...
“Believe me, I wasn’t planning on dancing with you,” Castiel said.
“I miss the time when you used to spend your evenings making Muggle desserts,” Dean said dolefully. “Do you remember that? You used to try so hard to impress me, and now...” He sighed.
it to be permanent, it would still be cosmetic. But you, you wanna rip out your wiring, convert the fuel to petrol and replace the leather seats with couches. It’s not gonna work, and it
Dean took a slow breath, and his fingers curled around the vial. “Is... Is this what I think it is?”
Oh, it was beautiful. Exquisitely savoury and salty, with a umami darkness to it, with
“You don’t believe me,” Castiel determined.
, does that make sense? I don’t mean the money, although the money’s been vital in fixing up the church bit-by-bit. But of all the people calling themselves part of
“You like those, huh? Trust me, nobody loves my boobs more than me,” Dean smiled.
“Something—” Dean watched Castiel go and wash his hands, leaving his cauldron where it was. “Something other than this secret potion?”
“It’s legit!” the boy cried, grabbing the green paper. “I swear on my life, it’s not stolen or anything! I scrubbed eighteen motel toilets to get this!”
After a moment, Charlie inhaled sharply. “Dean...”
“Fine,” Dean said. He flipped the car keys in his hand. “I’ll clean the car when we return it to the rental place. And then we Apparate back to Phoenix. School starts in a week and I haven’t finished planning my classes.”
“Nine runs. I still win.”
Castiel squinted. “You don’t eat dessert?”
“I hope...” Casio swallowed. “I know that we’re... I – I mean, that is to say... If you want—”
Still with a bone to pick, Sam turned back to Dean’s drawers. His eyes moved from the drawers to the wardrobe beside it, and he reached to open it.
-duty, so don’t worry too much if you break a minor law. Half Dean’s party playlist is pirated anyways. That’s Advanced-Placement math nerd Kevin and his mom, they’re in my D-n-D club. Missouri might read your palm if you ask nice. Oh, Mary— Mary!”
is gonna raise some questions from anyone who didn’t hear the whole story.”
Castiel was about to reply, but then he looked down, considering his response. When he looked up, he shook his head. “I actually have some ball-related discussion to have with you, too.”
“Yyy...eeeah, why?”
“Is that reason cake? ‘Cause I could sure use somethin’ sweet right about now.”
Dean, comforted by Castiel’s presence, allowed himself to fall asleep. He was still partially aware of his surroundings when he felt Castiel leave his bedside, and he vaguely heard Castiel tell Bobby, “Dean’s fallen asleep.” He heard Bobby return, and he heard the nearby bed creak under the old man’s weight.
“Thighs,” Dean said. He offered an open hand, and Castiel took it. “Here.” He put Cas’ hand on his thigh, made him stroke. “Ohh, yeah, you’re a
Castiel opened his eyes, peering in wonder into the peridot-green stare which met his gaze. “And I love you, Dean,” he replied. “So very much.” He kissed Dean’s mouth, grinning and biting his lip as he felt Dean’s muffled laugh. “Hmm-hmm!”
(18k, professor Cas and barista Dean team up to KonMari their lives together – ft. a bunny and sunshine galore).
“I’m warning you, man, it’s no freakin’ pussycat,” Dean said, biting out a grin. “You ready?”
“No, Dean,” Castiel smiled, letting Dean sway him from side to side. “I’m not going to tell you what it is.”
“I thought we were being open with each other.”
“Are you and Charlie on a first-name basis?” Castiel asked, watching his feet as Gilda began to square-dance with him.
Sam sat leaning forward, knees wide, hands turning around a glass. He looked up as Castiel approached with Dean in tow. Castiel smiled, seeing Sam’s mouth drop open.
Dean felt a stomach-flip of exhilaration as a wisp of silvery-white light emerged from Castiel’s wand tip. It twirled and faded, but Castiel was still bright-eyed when he turned around. “I got something!”
“But then,” Mosely bowed her head, “I caught wind of your coming-out.” She looked up at Charlie. “True or not, those rumours affected how the students see you. While I wish no child carried on the prejudices of their parents, sometimes they do. Whether you noticed or you didn’t, what personal information the students knew about you affected how they learn from you.”
“Hey,” Dean said.
Dean sucked, licking Castiel’s fingertip. He hoped Castiel felt some pleasure from his tongue; he toyed with his finger, nibbling it lightly. When Castiel pulled free, only then did Dean roll the tangy flavour around his mouth.
One step. Two steps, swaying.
Worried and anxious, Castiel pulled his spare pillow from under his head and slipped it below the blanket. He wrapped his legs around it and pressed the cold side firmly against his crotch, hoping the chill would make the swelling go down. Only, he wished the pressure wasn’t so thrilling, and he didn’t feel the impulse to hump the pillow. He whimpered gently, eyes falling shut. His frown slowly relaxed, and he sighed, rubbing the pillow against himself.
than anyone else. We just cope differently. And our behaviour affects the people around us differently.”
Dean nodded, and he saluted Gertrude, who sat in a dining chair.
“I liked the Zunbyrd common room better,” Castiel said, sinking into an armchair to test it out. He folded his arms and stared at the fireplace, which was empty and clean. “This place is dull.”
“You can’t complain about the house elves handing in their notice,” Sam rolled his eyes. “They were offered opportunities, so they took them.”
Thank you SO MUCH for reading! Please don’t forget to leave purzelndesbaeumchen’s
Dean bit his lip and watched Castiel go, drowning in that endless tingly, bubbly, happy feeling in his heart, the one that took over whenever Cas was around.
“He means he stole a car,” Sam said, rolling his eyes as he put his things into the car’s roomy trunk. “Bobby’s truck.”
Charlie rounded the fountain, and she spotted Dean sitting on the other side, his back to the water, his legs stretched out on the tiles. He laughed at something Castiel said. Castiel knelt on the marble before Dean, reading from a small, folded parchment.
Castiel squinted, trying to place to reference. “I – think – I can...”
“Relax,” Dean reminded him. “Just relax.”
Dean leaned into kiss Castiel, holding the press for five... six...
“Right.” Dean licked his lips, eyes hesitant to meet Castiel’s, but when they did, the contact locked, and Castiel stared openly, awed by all the shades of green in Dean’s irises. Even in the shade of the truck, they were spectacular.
Dean lifted a half-sandwich in a toast. Castiel took a spoonful of his risotto and nodded. And they both ate...
“Nothing’s wrong,” Dean smiled. “Just, that was...” He glanced at the fountain. “That was nice of you.”
And Castiel would do it how Dean liked it, and they’d kiss each other’s faces and lie down to hug...
He stared at Dean, but Dean had to shut his eyes, overwhelmed by just the thought. He tried what Castiel said, but his hand was too weak and his hips wouldn’t keep up a rhythm. But he tried. He felt fluid coating his fingers and he felt the sun heating it on one side, drying it on on his pubic hair. He thought of Castiel’s hand in place of his own, and he arched his back, a quiet “
Tears in his eyes, Dean flew to Castiel and wrapped his arms around his neck, kissing him. “Thank you,” he murmured, peppering him with smooches. “
“If you get him to stand here, I’ll pitch,” Skink said.
Sam was quiet for a moment.
“I like you, Dean,” Castiel said firmly, though he sighed. “More than you know.” He lay back down, significantly closer than before. His folded jacket wasn’t acting as his pillow any more, and his arm was fully overlapping Dean’s.
right now.”
“What?” Dean grinned, scritching at Castiel’s hair.
“You mean wizarding school?”
In his hand was a glass vial of potion, one of the same vials into which students would pour a completed potion so Castiel could mark its quality.
. I could never work out how to make my shoulders look smaller without Transfiguration, you know? I walk around like a friggin’
“That was the day you and I met,” Castiel smiled. He leaned forward too, hands linked between his parted knees. “If I’m to catch a glimpse of what it’s like to be a Muggle, find out how all of you grew up, going without a wand is the obvious first step.”
“One more question,” Sam said, crossing his legs and leaning forward. “Does it bother you that we always call you ‘Dean’? Don’t you wanna be, like, ‘Deanna’?”
,” Castiel said, cradling Dean’s cheek. “Not your genitals. Not your gender. You could show up to the ball in the body of a giant and I’d...” Castiel’s eyes darted off to the side. “I suppose I’d need a moment to process it, but,” he looked back to Dean, smiling, “if it’s still you, I won’t mind.”
He sighed, gazing at the glimmering reflection of his own face, imagining the ripples changing how he looked. But when he blinked, it was the same face again.
Charlie tipped her head. “Did you make a wish that came true?”
“Bigger than I expected,” Dean said, peeking under his shirt again. “And my nipples point down. And my nipples are so
Dean whacked Castiel’s arm, scowling at him. “Shut up.”
But then a new song began, and this one was fast enough that the dancers who’d sat down to rest all got up and ran to crowd the dance floor again. The space around Castiel shrank; breathing air became limited. Overwhelmed and not willing to stand for it, Castiel took Dean by the hand and led him out of the heaving struggle, and they went to the table where Sam was waiting.
Castiel looked confused as Skink got to him, but then he grinned, and Dean grinned too, watching Castiel stride to him across the ballfield, picking the bat up from the sand along the way. Whenever he had the space to walk fast in a straight line, Castiel walked in long steps, sweeping eddies of dust up behind him like he had a pair of invisible wings stretched wide at his back. He’d look good in a long coat, Dean thought. Something that billowed.
“If you were just working with the wrong people,” Dean said. “Yeah.” He smothered a wedge in mayo and tipped it between his lips, head back. “Hm.”
His heart sank. Dean wouldn’t even get to taste his gift.
Dean glanced her way, then down to his lap. He reached to his left and picked up an even larger stack of letters, these ones made of crisper paper, looking altogether more indignant.
“Dean,” Charlie said, whacking Dean’s knee. “Don’t be mean. That was a very brave thing she did.”
“So what are you making?” Dean asked, handing over the orchid.
Within seconds, Castiel’s rice timer went off beeping, and he spent a half-minute fighting with the alarm buttons before he could tend to the rice. He nodded appreciatively, then looked around for a mixing bowl, finding one offered in Dean’s outstretched hand.
Dean scratched his neck, shaking his head as he grinned. “Look, just saying. There’s some stuff I never learned in school, stuff I wish I’d known.” He thumbed over his head at the retracted projector screen. “Stuff I wanna try my best to teach you. I wanna be the teacher I never had at your age.”
. Castiel was fairly sure Dean was singing the mnemonic song for the Magical Table of Elements, but he kept such perfect time that Castiel couldn’t quite be sure.
With another flick of his wand, Dean started up the projector. It whirred and clicked, and with a calm, white flash, a square of light appeared on the canvas projector screen. When the class saw the first slide, they laughed.
Castiel grinned, holding Dean’s waist firmly, leading him in a sweeping circle. “Well, after a lifetime searching – waiting – now I’ve found you.” He smiled, and he kissed Dean’s temple. He felt Dean relax under his hands. “Pleased to meet your acquaintance, princess.”
“Dean?”
“What’s your name?” Ms. Raglan asked.
Castiel grinned, sucking hard on Dean’s nipple one last time. He peppered Dean’s stomach with kisses, lowering his head. He then slid back in the bed until he was kneeling at its end, all the covers piled up in waves around him. He kissed Dean’s pubic bone, enjoying the whimper Dean gave.
“Goodnight,” Castiel replied.
Dean breathed deeper, shaking. He felt a thrum go through him like a slow-motion earthquake, and he watched a drip of pre-come ease from him, stretching in a shining string before it broke and landed in the sand below.
“Oh, please, you’re not old,” Dean scoffed. “Going by your hairstyle, you’re still a twelve-year-old girl.”
Dean tried not to look, but he did anyway. If he tipped his chin up a little bit, he could see Castiel’s right nipple. His skin was paler under the shirt, though it was far from pasty white. Dean wondered if it had ever seen the sun.
Castiel edged his way in, smiling at an Asian boy aged about sixteen, then a flamboyant redheaded woman in an evening gown. Everyone else was strong-jawed and big-biceped and moved like they were about to punch something.
“What’s that?” Castiel asked, walking beside him as they made their way across the sand. Castiel tossed the white ball in his hand, dust poofing out from his palm when the ball fell.
– and they clinked the glass together before drinking.
Dean rubbed himself through the maroon fabric, nodding. “Uh-huh. Some days.”
Leaning against a side wall and picking his teeth with a transparent quill was Gabriel, a resident ghost of the Jinxes castle. “Your baby bro cleared the room for his class,” Gabriel said, quirking up an already-quirked eyebrow.
Another hand went up, and Dean nodded to the kid. Mei, in her floating chair. “‘Sup?”
“She’s thirteen years old, Dean,” Castiel said in a small voice. “I’m twenty. She can’t—” He gulped. “Why would she—?!”
Sam exhaled. “So I... I went and bought you guys some cool magic stickers. Maybe it’s stupid to you, but not to me. I wanna...” He gulped once more. “I wanna make sure you get noticed. Nobody slips through the cracks. Not one of you. By the end of the week I want to know your names.”
“When...” Castiel breathed, eyes drifting along the floor, looking as far as the door of the classroom. “When you all pulled me off my armchair and tickled me on the floor until I cried.”
Dean had been smiling, but as he reached the first line, his smile wavered.
It was too late for Dean to do anything. The last of the potion wore off, and he stood before Castiel the way he had twenty-five hours earlier. The headpiece from his hair fell to the floor, his dress now ripped at the shoulders and slumping halfway down his chest, his corset open at his back. He was left half-bare and trembling, mortified eyes staring straight at Castiel.
“Who’s M. C. Escher?” Castiel asked, looking away from the bright stars and peering at Dean instead.
Charlie touched Dean’s shoulder, giving him a pat. “This’ll blow over soon,” she assured him. “The rumours die down, and as soon as that happens, the kids who’ve been desperate for someone to talk to, that’s when they’ll start coming to you.”
.” Mouth slowly opening, Dean stood holding the tray and a fork, waiting for a proper answer. “So is that a yes?”
“You always insist you don’t care about that stuff,” Castiel pointed out, scrambling to keep up with Charlie and Dean’s hasty strides.
By the time Mariela decided it was time to pack up
Castiel exhaled. “I hope you have a fun night, ladies,” he said, giving Charlie a hug, then turning to Dean and cupping his jaw to kiss him. “I’ll see you at the ball.” He checked the clock. “Twenty hours, one minute.” He kissed Dean one more time, thumbing his stubbled chin. “I’ll be counting the seconds.”
“Quidditch is different. As a Keeper I just catch – past tense; caught – I caught what came my way.” He hit a ball, but he twisted his arm awkwardly and had to shake it out. By that point the ball had rolled away, leaving a long track through the sand.
Castiel kissed Dean’s cheek. “This is our song, isn’t it?”
“Sweet catch,” Charlie smiled. “These things are literally the same.”
“I didn’t,” Dean said. He leant against the car, stroking her shiny silver rims. “Well, at least not officially.”
“But we like playing on the same team, knocking balls into the outfield,” Dean argued. “We take turns.”
Night air washed cool across the carpet, making his socked feet tingle. Napkins drifted, and Castiel swept low to pick one up, then another. He lost himself for a minute or two in the repetition of his task.
Dean keened, frowning as his head tipped back into Castiel’s pillow. “Yes,” he breathed. “
Dean waved his wand again and the bedclothes whipped out from under them, slowly draping over their naked skin. The cloth was hot from their own bodies, and the heat was satisfying.
Castiel smacked his lips. “No bet. You’re probably right.”
Dean felt his heart squeeze up tight. If Castiel was going to be this forthright about it, Dean could only respond in kind. “I try not to,” Dean answered. He lowered his eyes. “But I nearly always do.”
“What’s it about?” Sam asked.
Dean grunted, folding his arms.
of the time.”
Dean closed his mouth, dragging his eyes to Skink, who was holding the ball again. He must’ve used house elf magic to snap it back to him, since nobody else was even standing up. A dozen pairs of eyes watched them, all conversation at a low mutter.
Nobody was laughing now.
“We are.” Dean nodded. “We are. I’m just nervous, I guess,” he chuckled.
Castiel paused at the door, and Dean stood against him, waiting...
Dean had been on those carriages as a passenger a grand total of seven times, once arriving, and three times each way for school outings. As a teacher of three years he’d seen off the students plenty of times, at the end of every term – but this was the first time he cried. A single tear rolled down his cheek, and he didn’t stop it.
. It includes potion instructions, which come highly recommended in the
Dean’s lips rounded. “What?”
Dean soon ceased his smothering display of affection, but replaced the kisses with cuddles. He slung both arms around Castiel’s neck and nuzzled his cheek. “Hmmm,” he sighed happily.
“That’s it,” Dean said, repeating the same words he’d heard Castiel use earlier. “You’re doing good.”
He smiled, hearing a quiet hum of interest move through the room. The kids were perfectly aware how extraordinary it was that so many of them had showed up.
They went fast, they went slow. They stopped for a moment, wanting to put off the final climax for as long as they could. They panted against each other’s necks, spiced red breath and burning hands, fingers tangling in hair.
Gertrude squashed up alongside Charlie on the couch.
“You ever think about what comes after this?” Dean asked, frowning slightly.
“Yeah. You do that.”
He wanted all three.
“You know I wouldn’t want you any other way, right?” Dean asked, his voice soft in the night air. Castiel looked at him, and Dean looked back, completely earnest. “I mean it. Don’t ever change.”
“But it feels good to touch.”
“Five years,” Dean said. “See the world. Fix cars. Then adopt some orphans and settle down with you? Hmm.”
“We’ve only been together three weeks.”
“Oh. They were... nice.”
“Yes,” Castiel replied. “I wish that every single day.”
“What can I say?” Castiel said, lifting his head, glancing down to see his erection straining up against his own hip. “Apparently I enjoy swallowing.”
“Five years,” Castiel agreed. He leaned in and kissed Dean, each tilting their heads. Stubble prickled at Dean’s lip, so familiar that he barely noticed. Castiel took Dean’s waist and rocked him closer, so again he lay on Castiel’s chest, sheltered in his arms.
, into the pockets.
“Hey, just leave us a five-star Yelp review. That’s
Dean gave the back of his brother’s neck a squeeze. “Look man, forget it. If I couldn’t handle your hissy fits, you think I’d still be making you show up to these things? C’mon. I know you hate cooking all day. Drink your weird juice and go find your girlfriend. You deserve it.”
Castiel nodded, and Dean immediately turned away, gathering up the ingredients he needed for a second Calming Draught. He referred to his textbook, as he should, and he laid out everything he needed.
Castiel shrugged a shoulder.
The point was, Dean didn’t seem to think they
Dean wet his lips with his tongue. “Kinda,” he replied. “I already
Sam swallowed, and he moved closer to grip Castiel’s shoulder. They didn’t speak, they just stared.
minutes, but eventually, the group collected at the door. Most of their things had been packaged up and left behind in Charlie’s bedroom. They wouldn’t be able to fit all their cases in the trunk of a 1967 Chevrolet Impala. She was big, but not
And he was. Oh, he was. Next to
“Right,” Dean agreed, though his heart thudded like it was more than that, more than a common activity that nonspecific
“Girl, it ain’t about anything,” Missouri snapped. “It’s a dance for the kids. That’s all it’ll be.”
He reached up and tapped Skyking’s desk twice. “What’s your wand made of?”
Still sucking Dean’s nipple, Castiel slunk a hand down between Dean’s legs and pressed his fingers to the wet groove between his thighs. His clit was engorged, wet with fluid. Castiel slicked up his fingers and rubbed his forefinger and middle finger against the most sensitive folds of Dean’s vulva, leaving his thumb free to press and massage Dean’s clit.
Charlie smiled at Castiel. Castiel stopped picking at his damp shirtsleeves, and he smiled back. Dean could argue all he liked with his family, but there was no hiding how much they cared for one another.
That was the first pleasant thing Mrs. Beetrie had said to Daniel. Apparently she liked him better now she knew his wand looked nothing like he did. All the dirt and the scruffiness was only on the outside; to have such a gentle wand, he could only be pure of heart.
“It’s all right,” Dean sighed, dropping his ladle back into his cauldron, then wiping the drips of potion off his hand with a cleaning rag. “Go finish your sentence.”
Daniel hesitated more than once before he picked up the lid of the wand box, shaking it loose. He peered inside, his pink lips parting in awe. “Cool,” he smiled. “It’s a real wand, Sammy, look.” Slowly, Daniel took the wand out of the box, shifting each finger in turn until he had a good grip.
“I’m sorry, what was that?” Sam said, cupping one hand to his ear.
Castiel laughed, shaking his head. “I kept myself hydrated.”
Castiel chuckled, lowering his nose to rest on the hot skin exposed by Dean’s tatty t-shirt collar. He put a tiny kiss there, smiling. “Dean,” he murmured, “we’re already partners.”
“Sam was better,” Dean smiled. “He had the gift. I was better at learning than I was at... I don’t know,
Even before Sam was accepted into Jinxes, he lived at the school. As an eight-year-old living at a magical high school, sometimes he felt special. But sometimes he felt like a freak. He lived at
“You put the asphodel in too soon,” Castiel advised him. “The potion can get cantankerous if it’s not timed correctly.” He touched Dean’s shoulder, soothing him. “You missed the first few minutes of class. I ought to have reminded you when you came in.”
When the rain stopped, Dean bought snacks from the gas station. They ate, but then they decided not to drive on that night.
“No...” Dean smiled softly at Castiel, dazzled. “No, I think he’s...”
Castiel licked up what he’d spilled over Dean. He didn’t seem to eat it; he let it slide off his tongue again. He just wanted to taste it. The tip of his nose shone with a white smudge, making Dean laugh – and as he laughed, his abdomen shook, and Castiel’s chin ended up smeared with mess too.
Dean grinned, bending to look at the radio again. “Gimmie a second, I’ll find something.”
They shared a few moments of silence, watching Missouri stroll up to the batting plate. She pushed up her sleeves and got into position, one hand lifting the rim of her baseball cap. “Ready!” she shouted, and Sam pitched her a fast ball.
“That’s smart. Too bad it’s not allowed,” Charlie chuckled. She stroked her phoenix’s head, then uttered a quiet, “Go on, ‘Ferno. Tell my mom hi from me.”
,” Charlie pressed, stepping forward. She’d chased Dean in small steps around his bedroom for a minute now, but Dean kept moving, as if trying to distance himself from the whole idea. “You get to wear a cool mask! Dress up like royalty!”
Dean looked back at Rinker, glaring. He poured himself another glass of lemonade, feeling bitter.
Sam still stared at Dean.
“Alrighty, you lot,” Professor Moseley said, and her gentle voice cut easily through the mutters, silencing the room. “Now that we’re all here, let’s see who our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher is, hm? Let’s just say... they need no introduction.” Moseley smiled down at the newcomer, giving them a friendly wink. “Stand up and let everyone see who you are! Go on, sweetheart.”
Castiel wondered if the Muggles knew why their city was called Phoenix.
understand.”
Dean burst out laughing, then had to hide his face under a hand, as thirty people turned to see who had laughed at Lady Meridyth’s awkward footwork.
Castiel raised and lowered a shoulder. “I’ll go where you go.”
Dean felt the squirt as he sprayed ejaculate over his stomach, his cock thumping his belly, squeezing out the liquid by itself. Dean went on running his fingers between his legs; now his fantasy was shattered and he was male again, but it didn’t matter for the moment: he tingled as brilliantly as the sky above, stars in him, stars around him. He glowed a vivid and happy golden in what remained of the sunset light, and he forgot about himself. He felt the pangs of inner warmth and he felt the rush of Castiel’s breath on his cheek, and he was not a wreck, not inside or out: he was only
“Apologies,” Castiel said from the other side of the table. “Your friends were... rather enthusiastic.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. The wet feeling was dampening the sheets. “Please tell me this will wash out of cotton.”
Soon Sam came up to Castiel’s table and sat down with a great sigh of exhilaration. He wore an orange zig-zag mask across his face, a silver outline covering most of one eye, none of the other. “Great party,” Sam smiled, handing Castiel a long-stemmed glass full of butterbeer. “How much of this set-up was yours?”
Dean shrugged. “I dunno. Could use some emotional support. But maybe, umm... Maybe Cas should go. So it’s a surprise when I show up at the ball tomorrow night. Charlie doesn’t mind seeing me naked, right?” he asked, breathing out a nervous laugh.
“We don’t smoke,” Charlie said.
Dean hesitated. But then he nodded. “Yeah.”
“For gettin’ me this far in one piece,” Dean mumbled, nosing into her shoulder.
Castiel tipped his head to the side, admiring Dean’s mouth with a smirk curling his own. “My bed or yours?”
Dean tried to placate his brother with raised hands, but Sam turned away and began shovelling burnt scraps off the grill and making the flames flare up.
Castiel went to the back of the trunk and found a tap coming off the vehicle. Wiry metal brush in hand, and his pink apron firmly in place, he let the water flow, and began scraping.
could’ve been difficult, but somehow it never was. He was a Jinstem to his core.
. Practically the opposite, in fact.
Castiel set the chaos out of his mind, and devoted himself to recalculation.
“That’s why they’re acing
“I feel as though we ought to take advantage of this particular miracle,” Castiel said, grasping Dean’s waist with one hand, reaching up to his neck and taking his fingers in the other. “Would you care to dance, my prince?”
“You don’t know that any better than I do,” Dean replied. He helped Castiel to his feet, grasping his back when his legs shook. “How can you know you have results if you don’t know what the potion’s for?”
Dean’s lips parted. “Uh. Sure. I guess?” His eyebrows twitched closer as he looked at the birds. With one extended look, his heart melted all over again. God, they were so...
“G’night,” Dean said, resting his chin on the papers clutched to his chest.
“Aren’t they perfect together?”
“What?” Castiel asked.
Castiel breathed heavily, and a low utterance of “That’s it, Dean,” rumbled against Dean’s throat.
Charlie smirked at Dean’s side. “Is all your stuff still in your room?”
worse at figuring out how many Sickles are in a Galleon than some of my students.”
Castiel blinked low, his mouth open. “I meant what I said,” he said quietly. His blue eyes turned to meet Dean’s, and he wore a look of immense determination. “I’m done with this. The next potion I make is going to be something sensational – and tricky, like you always used to love.”
Castiel couldn’t believe Dean was even encouraging this – nay,
the hell out. I kid you not, I
Dean bit his lip, so glad Castiel couldn’t see him blush. “Yeah. I— I like dogs too. Sort of.”
Daniel glanced over, then looked back at the wand. He waved it.
“I’d like to kiss you,” Castiel said, gazing deeply into Dean’s eyes.
Dean’s hand dropped away from the car keys, leaving the chain swinging, metal pieces clinking together. Dean gripped his own thigh, thumb rubbing at the seam of his suit pants.
The Impala shook as it idled. The windows rattled in their frames; the driver’s seat vibrated under Dean. Dean stared directly ahead at the criss-crossed wire gates, locked shut ten feet in front of the car. The corners of the car rental company’s sign were zip-tied to the chain-link fence, and the white rectangle shone painfully bright in the daylight.
“Patronuses!” Charlie cried in delight. “I
“Uh-huh.” Castiel had accidentally become immersed in his notes, absentmindedly picking up his quill again.
Dean snickered.
found a straight path towards a pocket. Some missed but bounced to another; some got lost until they hit another ball and were driven in mirrored lines towards their goals. To be fair, half of those pockets had felt like lucky shots, but Castiel sucked his tongue and looked sour about it, as if he’d aimed higher. There was still one ball left.
“I’m still going to massage your feet, though. After you make me dinner.”
“Ohhh my
But Skyking snorted. “I didn’t say anything.”
Castiel sank down in obvious bliss, savouring his mouthful until he swallowed. He then took a moment to inhale the aroma of his potato-pancake sandwich, then, lips licked, he bit into it again. He had the soft-eyed look of a kid who’d just been handed his comfort food at the end of a long day.
Castiel smiled, waving goodbye with spread fingers.
“Pff. My
Castiel grinned. “I’m so lucky you’re mine, Dean.”
“Beautiful,” Principal Moseley said. “Just gorgeous.” Her dark brown hand reflected orange as it moved into the sun, joining the Herbology professor’s hand on the pot. The dirt on Joshua’s hands and under his fingernails only made him more enchanting. “Do you have a name for them?”
Dean watched as Sam tipped a basketful of tinsel and packets of baubles into the cart, along with a miniature plastic tree.
He blinked a couple of times, kicking himself into gear. “Listen. I grew up in a Muggle environment. Homeless. Me and my brother Sam – or, as you know him, Professor Winchester the younger – we wandered between shelters, looking for food or beds for the night. Every night.
“I wouldn’t call it a manor,” Charlie grinned. “But I’m glad to see it anyway.” She looked to the right, seeing an extensive row of similar houses. In the pre-dawn light of winter, even a Los Angeles suburb looked festive. Flashing fairy lights decorated other people’s roofs and windows, and Charlie saw a glowing menorah a few houses down.
Sam swallowed.
Dean sighed, smirking as he shook his head. “Oh, she’s got it
“What?” Castiel fretted, wondering if he’d said something wrong.
going to let you do that to me. Not here.”
“Like what?”
It took another twenty... thirty...
Dean’s quarters were round-walled, made of pale orange adobe, and though this part of the castle was deep underground, the single window shone with enchanted sunlight, showing it was just past midday outside. Charlie’s eyes moved along the left of the room, where untidy stacks of books and records filled Dean’s shelves, topped with a vinyl record player which was playing
.” Dean gestured in the wrong direction, but Castiel got what he meant to indicate. “Crazier still – we
. Everything we’re gonna become. You and me included.”
After half a minute of deliberation, he leaned closer to Castiel, and he touched his hand.
was bi, so. Figures. Can’t see the sub when it’s pinging the radar constantly, right? Right on top of it.”
Castiel threw his spoon back into the cauldron. “Dean, you’re meant to use your hand. On me. Here, look.” He took Dean’s hand with his own and made Dean smash his fingers right into the custard on Castiel’s face.
Castiel smiled shyly, nestling himself into the bedclothes. He brought Dean closer with strong hands, and Dean happily twisted his legs around Castiel’s.
“Yeah.” Dean began to beam, and turned his grin towards Castiel, and snatched up his hand. “The future’s all you and me, now, baby.”
“But really,” Dean said, wandering a few inches closer to Castiel, leading them left at the turn in the bridge, “do you really wanna be like me? I’m screwed up, man.”
“What?” Gilda stood in front of Castiel, staring at the woman in green over her shoulder. “What do you mean? Has our Deanie Weenie finally showed up?”
,” Dean said, smiling around the words.
“I just did that, you saw me.”
“And that was a mistake,” Dean said, in complete seriousness. “Look, I’m sorry. I’m sorry we grew apart like that.” He rubbed up and down Sam’s long, lanky arms, trying to memorise everything about him now. “You’ve been busy with your F.R.O.G.s, I’ve had Cas and Baby Batman to look after...”
Dean snorted. “If I had all the world’s books at my fingertips, I’d look up ‘world’s most annoying animals’ and Gabriel’s Patronus would be right at the top.”
Dean heaved a sigh, mouth closed.
“Alright, well—”
Dean did the honours, leaning forward to unlock the cage. Moosh hopped out onto his fingers, and Dean made kissy noises at her. She chakked back, and Dean grinned. “Yeah, that’s right. Gertrude's being real nice, letting us crash here. We’re real grateful.” He looked up, catching Gertrude’s eye as she came into the living room.
Charlie wished for Dean and Castiel to be happy, and together for as long as they could be. So long as it was right for them, she wanted them to be together forever. Looking at them now, she was certain they would hold on. They had something truly remarkable. Maybe she didn’t even need to wish. Maybe it would’ve happened anyway.
“But you think it’s
Dean gasped and grabbed his crotch, overtaken by a wave of amazement and panic as he felt a strange
Charlie cooed and made grabby-hands, so Castiel gave her the bag with a single piece inside.
Castiel turned in his seat, paying Charlie his full attention. “What are these rumours about?”
“Hey, Dean. Missed you,” Charlie smiled. She stood up, beckoning Dean into a hug. Dean went to her, wrapping her up in his arms. He squeezed, breathing in deeply. Charlie breathed in too, having missed her friend’s scent.
“Nice? Christ, Cas, they were animals. You see what they did to my living room?”
“You drove off in the Impala,” Charlie said. “I was in the staff meeting about the Valentine’s Day dance. Moseley noticed you leaving and she started asking questions.”
“I’m up for the challenge,” Sam agreed. “As an experiment, I think it could offer a chance to self-reflect.”
listen to this crap, huh?”
“You’re just using me as manual labour,” Dean joked, shoving Castiel shoulder. “You don’t wanna spend your weekend making up tinctures for your kids so you’re saddling me with the work.”
What was better, though, was glancing up and seeing Castiel peering down with serenity in his eyes. The sight led Dean to think of the white-pine tree that made Castiel’s wand. Always rooted, growing up and out in a myriad of different ways, but never truly changing in character. Castiel was unlike a desert, never pushed by the wind or ripped apart by earthen tides. Unlike a sky, which was always in turmoil and only clear-minded half the year. It seemed an odd time to think it, but Dean wondered if Castiel would’ve been better suited to Jinstem house, represented by a jackrabbit, hunched and content below the image of a cactus. Dean was drawn to rooted beings, and Castiel was not the flighty cardinal represented in Zunbyrd.
“I dunno, what’s it
He cut himself off; they entered Sam’s classroom and Dean was immediately distracted by the layout. It looked more-or-less the same as it did when Charlie ruled the roost – dark and ominous, like a storm cloud had been Transfigured into a dungeon – but all the desks had been stacked up against the side wall, blocking up the blacked-out windows.
. You are
you. Help you find ways to cope, and deal, and find some kind of solution that makes you happy. I wanna change how the situation feels, or how people around you react to you, and people like you – not change
Castiel acknowledged his older friend with an affirming hum, then rummaged in the tool tray for a knife – but his curious eyes turned back to this ‘Dean’ in any case. Dean moved fluidly, despite his muscular bulk; he took the hem of his band-logo t-shirt and flapped it, wafting some air against his belly. He had plush and shiny red lips, and even more dazzling eyes, but Castiel tried not to notice. He wasn’t curious about their colour at all, but seemed to remember them being... green? He’d only caught a flash of them as their eyes met in the trumpet-blast of the marching band, but they’d definitely been striking to see.
something new. He was ready to become a complete sum of his parts, not fragments of a whole with each collection of traits performed one at a time depending on who he was around.
that?!”
“But—” Castiel seemed flustered, looking around, running a hand over his mouth.
Dean drew in a sweet and smoky breath, chest rising completely. Then he exhaled, and looked to Castiel.
’ to someone who can properly appreciate the
“Now, I must ask,” Gertrude said, looking around the room, “are you certain you’re up for this? As magic folk, we often don’t realise how attached we’ve become to our wands until they’re gone.”
. And it wasn’t happening.
“Of course I mean it.”
“I’m taking your blindfold off.” Castiel reached up, grinning when he saw Charlie frantically poking at her phone while Kevin held his steady, most likely making a video. “Three... two...”
And he had icing on his lips.
And with that, he turned away and took his place in the outfield, waiting for a ball to fly in his direction.
“Excuse me, sir!” Castiel startled as Mariela touched his side. She then leaned past Castiel and told Dean, “Four dollars.”
All around, shimmering summer heat blurred the endless colour and glitter of the crowds. There were portable tables bordering the central walkway all the way to the bridge in the distance, with sellers behind each table, showing off their wares – handmade clothes, jewellery, toys, hats, and, best of all: food.
Dean bit his lip. “I wish at the fountain too.”
“Aha,” she said eventually, thoughtfully. She smiled over her desk at Charlie, and she lifted her half-full glass of juice to celebrate Charlie’s idea. “Well, then. I suppose one of you had better go tell Dean he has a date set for Valentine’s Day.”
“If we start planting them now,” said Joshua D’Angel, in that soft, gentle voice of his, “they’ll be ready for the Valentine’s Day celebrations. With a magical growth aid, they’ll grow fast.” He turned the pot on Principal Moseley’s desk, showing off the new, sparkling plant with its red and pink heart-shaped flowers.
Actually... that might be something else making him queasy.
“What part of you,” Castiel asked, kissing Dean’s ear, “is the most sensitive?”
Dean ruffled Castiel’s hair and made Castiel yip, looking at Dean in innocent surprise. He lunged for Dean, laughing, and Dean giggled and shot out of the way, skidding down the kitchen aisle in his socks. He darted this way and that, out of the way of Castiel’s grabbing hands, both of them quickly out of breath – not from exertion but excitement.
Dean swallowed. He looked from Sam, to Charlie, then to Castiel, and he nodded. “Yeah,” he said. “It’s about time these kids knew they had a bisexual, genderfluid teacher they can talk to, right?”
“You must be acing that class, then.”
Charlie looked at Castiel in astonishment, but back to Moseley in a second.
He dragged his wand to point eight feet to the left, and he released the spell. From nothing, there appeared a car. A duplicate. Four wheels on the dust; a second rumbling engine joined the first.
Three-quarters of the hands in the Hall went up. Dean pushed his lips together. “Not bad,” he said. “I’ll tell you why I asked you to do that. But first: everyone take a bite. Big, huge bite. Go on.”
In response, Dean downed the rest of his butterbeer and belched loudly in Sam’s direction.
Anyway, Cas wasn’t here. And there was box containing a gluten free barbecue-and-salad feast beside Dean, uneaten. It wasn’t getting colder, but hotter, as the black hood of the Impala had absorbed enough sunshine that Dean’s ass was getting burnt.
“No, Dean should have it,” Charlie insisted, giving Gertrude a pointed look. “He set the table, he should sit with Cas. Shouldn’t he, Mom?”
“No, she’s very intelligent,” Castiel assured Dean.
Castiel folded forward, gripping the back of his neck so tightly that his fingers whitened. “You can never understand. You aren’t like me; you don’t know. Charlie... Charlie sometimes understands. She understand more than anyone I’ve ever met. But she’ll never
Charlie turned around, giving a lazy salute. “Evening, Prof.”
“Tell him yourself,” Bobby said, scowling. “I ain’t an owl.”
, I’m the one pouring –
“A mmm...” Dean gasped. “A minute! Maybe l-le-lesssss-aaah...”
“I have trouble believing that he can’t find anything to wear,” Sam said coolly, gazing at Castiel. “If Dean really loves you all that much, he’d happily wear a potato sack and a blindfold with eyeholes cut out. He and I grew up thinking that was all we’d ever get to wear. And on that note, neither of us ever imagined we’d get to go to a
“Good for you, asshole,” Dean said, stalking around the car.
Trying not to frown, Castiel paced back to his car. Oh, it was such a lovely day. Too lovely to waste by feeling disappointed. And yet he couldn’t help it...
“Cas,” Charlie said in surprise. “You missed dinner, where were you?”
Castiel nodded. He kissed Dean, eyes closed; Dean stared with his eyes open until Castiel dropped back.
“Some things I’ve heard have been really sweet,” she confessed. “There’s a lesbian couple in their sixth year who decided to come out together, and someone told me they only did that because they heard
Now done with his mixture and well into the cooking, Dean flipped his first latke and let the oil sizzle around it. Pleased by the browning on his bread-sized patty of potato and onion, he flipped the other three, planning to take whichever two came out best and use them as the outside of the sandwich.
Dean and Castiel shared a grin with Charlie. They nodded.
“Whoa!” Dean leapt back. “Watch it.”
Dean started by rinsing everything, and Castiel merely stood by, watching.
“Yeah. Okay. What’s your point?”
Dean licked his lips, peering at the stitched phoenix. He managed a half-smile, then shrugged again, putting his hands into the pockets of his slacks. “He won’t tell me what he’s making. At first, years ago, I thought it was a surprise for me – but now I’m not so sure. He’s working on it too hard. Whatever it is, it’s important to him. But I have zero clue how to figure it out. And I don’t know how to help him if he won’t tell me.”
Slowly, Castiel petted his magpie, stroking down her sleek feathers. “So this is who I’ll be spending my summer with,” Castiel muttered. “He seems friendly enough, doesn’t he, Moosh?”
So he sat on the hood of his car, shoulders scalded by the sun even through his t-shirt, arms folded, eyes set on the church doors, willing them to open. According to the Internet, this was where Castiel ran his little after-school math program, and given its location, Dean had to assume it was also where Cas did his religious stuff. Obviously ‘after-school’ meant it ran on weekdays only, so Saturdays weren’t really a day for open doors, but still. It had never occurred to him that churches could be locked, or had off hours.
“If I could be the average of you, Sam and Charlie, I would be content,” Castiel replied. “More than content, even.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah!”
Gertrude smiled, understanding now. “There are plenty of ways Muggles can stim. I do it myself sometimes.”
Gilda didn’t appear to be looking at anyone but Castiel, so he didn’t know who she meant.
“Well, I don’t know about a crush—”
“Looks right,” Dean shrugged. “Texture’s fine. It’s mixing. There’s enough moisture that the gelatin’s doing its thing.”
When Dean looked up in awe, he saw Charlie staring at his chest. “Eyes up here, lady,” Dean grinned, winking when Charlie glanced up.
Castiel blinked. “I’m unreadable?”
“Don’t roll your eyes at me, asshat,” Dean grinned, bumping his side against Castiel’s. “Come on. Everyone’s at the dance, so we’ve got a whole castle to ourselves. Let’s do something worthwhile.”
Castiel considered that, and decided he quite liked the idea. He did truly want to have Dean be part of his life, in every way, through every activity. Sex was just the beginning.
“She can’t appreciate how good your voice is,” Dean said casually, tongue on the gooey paper. “Hm. ‘S all... mellow and rumbly and—” Dean flashed a grin, realising what he was saying. “Talk all you want, is what I mean. I’m listenin’.”
Face screwed up in bafflement, Dean said, “Uhhhh. Wait, the uh—? Corn. The ketchup base for our sauce has corn syrup. Is that—”
When he looked up, he was blushing, his eyes dark despite the Sunday morning sunlight that blazed across his narrow shoulders, brightening his face.
Dean chuckled. “Seriously. I’m all in.
“Years.”
Embarrassed, Castiel rolled onto his front and drew the last curtain shut around his bed. He didn’t want Moosh to know what he was doing. The space became dark and cozy... and intimate.
in varying states of dog-earedness; and a quiet collection of raunchy romances featuring supernatural creatures. Dean seemed especially taken by the beasts with wings, if the six book covers featuring bird-winged humanoids meant anything at all.
“Dean?”
Ms. Raglan tutted. “You know what, this has gone far enough. Hey. Hey, kid!”
“Gross, you’re like my sister,” Dean laughed, shaking his head. “Hope you don’t mind my feet in your face.”
“Hm. I was on an adventure. I’d say it was fun, but...” Castiel’s breath shook, and Dean glanced up in time to see his eyes flood with tears. “It was the hardest part of my life. Harder than what came before, everything I ran away from. I wished so badly I could undo my mistake, but by then it was too late.”
“Uh,” he said. “Hi.” He tried to smile, but it seemed tense.
Smack!
Castiel was still waiting for his wand. Ms. Raglan stood by the front desk, tapping her tanned fingers on the glass. When Castiel looked away from her and over to Daniel, he saw Daniel and Sandy sneaking towards the shop’s front door. Daniel held his wand box, and Sandy held the potted lily.
“No, it’s not,” Dean said quickly. “It’s not the candles. And it’s not the candles making your eyes dark either. And it’s not the candles making us stand this close.”
With an oddly satisfied feeling in his heart, Dean turned to step off the dais, leaving Castiel behind at the desk.
moved in.
Turning his head, Dean saw Castiel put down the papers and take off his own bathrobe, then unbutton his striped pyjamas. He folded the clothing neatly, eyes never straying from Dean’s.
me, it’s all—” He flushed, a sneering fury rising in his eyes that scared Dean for a moment.
“Okay, Salad Sammy.”
It wasn’t about the sex, not entirely. Dean felt an orgasm building up, tight at the base of the spine, and yes, for those incredible minutes with Castiel pleasuring him, he thought the sex was marvellous. His breath became laboured and his eyes fell shut; he grasped Castiel’s shoulders and begged in broken noises for the peak to come.
The whole room paid attention.
Dean bit his lip, looking towards the active game. Skink was still running laps around the diamond, tapping each base with a bare foot as he passed. Nobody had found the ball among the scrubland yet.
coincidence? Come on, I know you’ve wished for things here. What wishes came true for you?”
Of course, that was completely against the rules, but the point was that nobody
Nodding, he turned to the side and walked to the side of the stage. He shook his head, then turned back, pacing again. “I learned magic. Like, real magic. How to make things fly, how to make things disappear. How to communicate with freakin’ hippogriffs! You guys, you all know how amazing that stuff is.”
Castiel danced as though he was in a trance, led through a dream by a magical fairy, a princess, someone impossible and yet every bit part of his life.
“What happened?” Dean asked.
“Too hot, huh?” Dean said, a smirk spreading on one side of his mouth. He felt a tension in his lower belly, something fun and electric.
“Not another second.” Dean’s hand was shaking.
Dean felt a flicker of a smile dart all the way through his body as Castiel went to the sink and washed his hands.
Dean eyed Castiel again. “Cas, are you okay?”
“Cas?” Dean’s eyes lifted to the beams on the ceiling. “Just take your tie and get in the car, dude. I’mma text Sam and Kevin and tell them we’re on our way.
, yeah? And then you – you taste them cooked different for the first time. Not boiled or microwaved the way Mom did. This time it’s sautéed in garlic or somethin’. Or covered in peanut butter and roasted. Or raw, dipped in hummus. And you’re like, holy shit, my whole life has been a lie. That? That.” Dean stabbed a finger at Cas’ rice bowl. His fingers moved to his own half of the sandwich, which he now took to eat. “I said earlier if you won the pool game I’d owe you a favour. Right now I’m owing you two.”
Dean went on: “The muffling charms, the weighted blanket, the wand stims –
“Okay,” Castiel said, even though he didn’t know what Dean was planning. That was one hell of an expression of trust, Dean thought.
their classes,” Dean corrected. “If I can get them to make learning something memorable, then there’s never any reason to forget it. Cas taught me that. He has this singing quill to remember stuff. Made me laugh the first time, but then I realised all I had to do to remember the Magical Table of Elements was hum
All around the room, swirling patterns were painted on the wooden support beams. Plants hung from golden pots, and vines twisted along all the harsh edges to soften them up. A handful of giant cacti sat around the room in decorated pots, like living art.
“Half my clothes fell off at the ball.” Dean mumbled. “And let’s face it, coming out as bi and genderfluid to two hundred people right after
“Know
“Hey,” Sam replied, frowning. “Why are you putting all my desks back?”
“Perhaps you could take a leaf out of their trees, then,” Castiel suggested.
talk like that!” Dean seethed.
She looked back at the class, and all at once, she saw something other than ten students embarking on their first Flying adventure. She saw ten young children; ten small minds with ten small personalities, and a hundred thousand hopes and dreams and fears between them.
“I liked it,” Castiel said. “I’ve never once
Castiel’s eyes moved to stare at the side of Dean’s head. “That was all they played on the radio when I was in community college. What was the band...? Uhmm. Team-something? Team Third Wheel—”
much. He wanted his own freedom, but he didn’t give a flaming crap about anyone else’s. Everyone else needed to shut up. So long as Castiel could sneak up to the sand to get away, everyone else could do whatever they damn well pleased.
Daniel nodded, head down in acceptance. He looked uncomfortable, but he didn’t look like he was about to cry any more.
“Isn’t that the night we stayed up until five in the morning and—”
“I— I’m gonna go, uh...” Dean turned around, waving a hand vaguely. “See you in a bit.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows. He readied his cue to try, but Dean was already prowling around the table, easing Castiel aside with a warm touch. “Still my go, bud.”
the whole time.” Dean tugged at the shoulders of his waistcoat, shaking his head.
“How’s that?” Dean asked.
She told him to wait; he was low priority, and the other customers who came in wearing sunglasses and carrying handbags were more important. “Be patient,” she said, and then proceeded to ignore him for a further twenty-five minutes while she attended to everyone else.
Everyone in Qurdruk was saying their goodbyes too. There was a real sense of finality today; all of the art had come down from the walls, and all the beds had been stripped. Trunks sat at the students’ feet, and their familiars were locked safely in their cages on top. Hugs and addresses were passed around, and a few tears were shed.
pretty cakes? These people didn’t seem the sort who ate cakes. Certainly not, given Dean had made Castiel promise not to mention the fact he ate cake before.
. I tell myself I accept the way I am, but I still treat my behaviour like it’s something to
“What?” Dean asked, already grinning.
“Yeah?”
“Unfortunately, I heard you,” Sam said. “I’m warning you now: I don’t tolerate that sort of language in my class. Or in this
“What was it for?” Dean asked, although he was convinced he knew the answer.
“You didn’t last long, did you?” Dean grinned, nosing Castiel’s ear. “Guess I found your sweet spot.”
“Browny-red,” Charlie smiled. “Blonde in the candlelight. It’s at your waist.” She moved forward, tugging gently on a lock of hair. “And it’s stopped growing.”
right amount of pesto with a large serving spoon, apparently after having measured out the
Dean fled the room in the shreds of his dress, gone in a moment.
“Where to start?” Charlie scowled at her boots. “That I’m making up being gay for attention. That I’m crushing on students— Ugh. There’s one rumour that I’m dating a model from
Wishing a Fountain Room wish for you all: may you be safe in this world, loved by those around you, whether in person or online, and may you find joy when you most need it.
“Do you regret it?” Castiel asked.
Dean’s lips rounded. “What? Oh. I mean...” He blinked. “You don’t know what an infomercial is, do you?”
“It’s true. We use the word different ways. ‘Sex’ means mating. But ‘sex’ can also refer to genitals themselves. A penis, a vagina.”
“I’ll show you.”
Cas liked pastel colours and enduring routines.
“You like to wear lace?” Castiel said, looking curiously at Dean’s underwear.
Dean clicked a cheek to his teeth affirmingly. “Least I can do is send you home with somethin’ to eat. What d’ya want? I got non-battered onion rings, I got leftover salad? I made loads. Or there’s these kebabs.” He showed Castiel the full tray, not yet tipping the meat into the box. “It’s everything free. Just grilled meat basted in garlic olive oil. Cooked on foil so it’s not contaminated or whatever.”
“Say a teacher lived here practically his whole life,” Charlie began. “He meets someone
Dean slowly licked his lips, putting his money back into his pocket, then staring at the blue sky out of the window. He didn’t know where the storm had gone from earlier; perhaps it blew out to sea. And as sunlight beamed down onto the car, twinkling in the corner of Dean’s eye, it also illuminated his thoughts, and led his decision.
Dean put all his luggage down in front of the old couch, then flopped into it with a smile and a sigh. Sam put his large case on top of Dean’s and his smaller one on a chair, then moved it again, putting it beside the fish tank. He bent down, smiling at the fish.
“These are cute,” he said, turning the cake to look at the icing. “Little heart-shaped sugar confetti, aww. That’s adorable.”
Castiel stood in place, dumbfounded by the sight. He raised his hand, and laughed out loud; his gruff and cheerful laugh filled the room for a moment as the dragon lifted off the ground like an untethered helium balloon, pushing its shining silver nose into Castiel’s palm.
“Sturdy willow wood, unicorn hair core. Willow’s... ah, unusual for young men,” Mrs. Beetrie added.
“But how do Muggles do it?” Castiel glanced up at her. “There must be thousands – millions of Muggles like me, and they don’t have a wand. They don’t have a list of charms like the one I go through in my head every night before I can sleep. They can’t just tap their wand against the desk and watch the sparks for twenty minutes in one go.”
delivered. Not only that, but...” Castiel looked softly into Dean’s eyes, searching them, as if wondering why Dean withdrew from such praise. “But you made something wonderful,” Castiel whispered. There were actual tears in his eyes. “Thank you.”
right on all your incoming mail.” Dean flicked his eyes upward, then turned away. “Have fun selling your angel cakes, church boy.”
“Charlie?” Gilda looked surprised, and her butterfly wings glimmered, seemingly in interest. “No, we’re not. Not really. Why?”
They valued life.
Dean’s look of astonishment was never seen, for Castiel turned around straight away and hit the ball Skink pitched him with a hard,
“You already ate the mutton platter,” Dean said. “All I got was scraps off the students’ tables.”
A breathy murmur shifted through the ten students; their group reaction would’ve been nigh-undetectable if they hadn’t turned to look at each other immediately after.
Castiel nosed his car down the drive, bumping and scrumbling over sandy potholes and the gravel that once filled in the gaps but had been scattered by heavy wheels.
” Dean went to lean out of the window to get cilantro from the windowsill herb garden. Night air felt thick and fat against Dean’s hands and forearms, a sensation scored by cicadas hissing in their multitudes. There was one chittering happily within a foot of the window, unseen in the dark.
“Yeah, it was like, anti-sex potion or something.”
to what I had to say.”
Dean had to explain to Castiel what a quarry was. After eight years at the school, nobody had ever told him. It was a little sad, to be honest.
“And that’s... bad.”
“I know what it
“And?”
If he were ever to share his deepest secret with anyone, it would be him.
Dean, curious, leaned close to the bulging black pot. He reached for a long spoon, and he scooped out a glob of whatever was inside.
“Thank you,” he said, handing the half-empty bottle back to Dean, who’d been watching him drink. “Do you want cake?”
Charlie came crab-stepping out from behind a bristle-cheeked man in a black cap. Her eyes lit up as she saw Castiel. “Oh, hey! You made it!”
Dean grinned, smooching Castiel once more before letting him roll them over again. Dean pecked Castiel’s lips. “All I was gonna do was kiss you goodnight.” He kissed him once more, because he could. “Saying things got outta hand is kind of an understatement.”
“The hell’s going on here?” Dean asked, looking around.
Castiel shut his eyes, and smiled.
Dean wriggled a finger at his own chin. “You got a little schmutz.”
His hand slid to hold Dean’s, and Dean squeezed, locking their fingers together.
“There’s a freakin’ phoenix barbershop quartet singing us a midnight serenade, Cas.”
Castiel gaped, unsettled by the attention. He slid his wand into his hand, eyeing his friends anxiously.
Castiel took a breath to speak, but his mouth stayed open, silent. His eyes caught Dean’s, and for a while they stepped together, their feet mirroring each other’s movement without a single glance down. Dean grinned, biting his lower lip, slowly letting it slide free. Castiel seemed unable to look away from his eyes, and Dean’s initial playfulness... gradually... began to... fade.
“Dean, I—” Castiel breathed harshly, frowning at the floor. “I’m autistic.”
Dean smirked open-mouthed, nodding blindly. “Uh-huh...”
“Fucking
a game of pool at his own party. So Castiel had provided.
“Aww!” She touched her heart, but her attention was still on the bickering inside. “Thanks. Seriously.” She retreated.
Castiel groaned and palmed his forehead with both hands. “Mariela,
Dean lowered the window with five fan-shaped leaves in hand, washing it all for Castiel before he needed to ask.
Jinxes’ phoenix tower doubled as its Astronomy tower. Well, more accurately, the Astronomy tower doubled as the mail room, which happened to house twelve dozen phoenixes.
Castiel stared for a while, examining the dusky pink on Dean’s lips, then the extra layer of eyelashes affixed over his upper lash lines. He seemed to pay extra attention to the black kohl eyeliner Dean had put on, and the perfume. He breathed deeply.
Dean just looked at him. He smiled, one cheek bulging, icing on his lips.
For the first time, Castiel saw light in Sam’s eyes. He slowly let his long hair out of the bun behind his head, and it fell to his shoulders. He clawed fingers back through it, and a quiet, obviously grateful “Thanks” fell from his lips as he took the flavoured coconut water. He uncapped his bottle along with Charlie and Dean – three counts of
This last year I’ve been finding it easier to explore similar themes in
“Big... ‘fan’, yes,” Castiel said with a small smile.
of child-sized go-carts rushing around the nearby marble court. Shouts and screams and ambient clucks of laughter faded together into one big happy summer rumble.
“You couldn’t be more wrong, pal,” Dean said, handing over his dirty glass. With a quirked eyebrow, Dean smirked, “I’m about as focused as I could get.”
“Poison—
Down the spiral staircase, passing candles in their clay alcoves, they reached the turn for Dean’s quarters. There they stopped on the same step of the staircase, and Dean gazed at Castiel, watching the candlelight flicker in his eyes.
Castiel bit his lip, looking down. Dean’s breasts pushed at the top of his dress, gold trim embroidered into intricate leaves. “You look truly incredible.”
One lamp lit the room from the nightstand – a nightstand which was pasted with stickers of hippogriffs and phoenixes. Dean assumed they’d once been charmed to make them move, but the magic had worn off years ago.
Neither led the dance. They followed and they guided, and they took each other’s hands and raised them to turn the other. Castiel nearly tripped when Dean tried to spin him, but Dean was quick to catch him, bending him into the fall until Castiel felt his back click, relieving a tension he hadn’t noticed building up. They laughed again, and again, enraptured by each other’s happiness.
Castiel mentioned his mental calculations late one evening while he was busy mixing a Hiccoughing Solution for his magpie.
“I made you mayo,” Dean said. “From scratch. Egg free. It’s all avocado oil and mustard and paprika n’ crap like that. You know how canned chickpeas come with that gloopy water? Turns out that’s, like, a perfect egg white replacement.”
“Hm?”
Castiel summoned his concentration again, then...
“But he didn’t do what all those other purebloods did,” Moseley said, so wistfully. “He never even mentioned his pureblood status to me, I found out from another teacher. And for years after that,
Sam folded his arms. “I guess it’s selfish. A bunch of kids lost their friend and all I cared about was me. But I was fifteen. At the time that really bothered me. So I... I started acting out in class. I’d kick the shoes of the girl in front of me, I’d flick Bertie Bott’s Beans across the room, all the flavours I didn’t like. I stopped handing in my assignments on time. Then, eventually, not at all. And only at
Castiel’s ass bobbed against Dean’s thigh as he craned forward to fiddle with the radio. Dean sighed, patting Castiel’s lower back. His waistcoat today was a soft satin pinstriped thing, buckled at the back. Dean fiddled with the buckle, something he’d taken to doing recently. Castiel’s clothes were always so nice to touch. Castiel liked soft things, and when he wore soft things, Dean came to realise he liked soft things too.
“Hmyh,” he mumbled in greeting, mouth full. “Fup.”
“C’mon, man,” Dean grinned, twitching his fingers to indicate Casio should follow. “I think the house elves made us some lunch. Let’s save the baseball until you’ve got some chow in you, huh?”
“Sam,” Castiel tried, that sad look in his eyes even sadder now. “This isn’t the time.”
“Yeah, I did,” Charlie said brightly. “And you know what? I saw you three crowded around my hospital bed, wanting to be the first to read out my mom’s get-well-soon card, and I thought, hey, maybe there’s something here I’ve been missing all along.” Charlie sighed, and her shoulders sank inside her robes. “Life isn’t worth skipping with a time-turner, not if there’s a good reason to slow down.” She hadn’t turned to look at the others as she spoke, and Dean knew that meant she didn’t want to show herself weak. She was vulnerable now.
Castiel moved his head back, meeting Dean’s eyes through the holes of their masks. “The way Prince Charming does in
“Good morning, class,” Sam said, not looking at anyone as he swept past every desk in long strides, just about aware of the kids scrambling to their seats. “I’m Professor Sam Winchester, not to be confused with Professor Dean Winchester, who is my older brother, although he’s noticeably stockier than I am.”
“No...? No...” Dean wondered. Then he smiled. “Just somethin’ I’ve been thinkin’ about.”
But he was curious...
Castiel’s brows knitted. “I’m sorry?”
“Ahh, y’know. Silly things.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Does that mean yes?”
“Oh,” Dean breathed, doing as Castiel suggested. “
Sam nodded. When Gertrude looked at Dean, Dean gave her a smile. “Yes, ma’am.”
“I always hoped I could be normal,” Castiel said.
.” He pulled back, warmed head-to-toe by the love in Castiel’s gaze. Dean’s smile shook as he looked down at the precious potion in his hand.
was proven to be a mistake.” With that, he turned away, and didn’t look back.
With that, she took off, and performed as many cool flips and loop-the-loops as she could, knowing it would give the children something to talk about other than her coming out.
“Ohh, don’t you worry about it, mijo,” Mariela told him, cupping his chin. “You made so many. You worked so
“We’re losing him.” Bobby patted Dean’s shoulder. “Hey, kid. Wake up. Your boyfriend’s trying to talk to you.”
The ball had shot right past him, and Dean looked back to see a grey, hook-nosed elf pick it up. The elf – Skeet – tossed it straight to Bixie, who threw it to Kilns.
Silence met Castiel’s question. It was a strong and stubborn silence, until Gabriel burst out laughing.
, I need you to get those
Dean dared not ask about why he ran away. “Sorry.”
to learn. And I’m guessin’ y’all are here because you wanna learn something.”
Six entire days went like this, and they didn’t get bored. They went up the California coast, stopped at Redwoods National Park, and they took a walk. Dean bought an umbrella, and he held it over Castiel’s head as they walked under the ancient, dripping trees.
“Charlie can go too,” Moseley said with a smile. “I’ve said my piece.”
Castiel began to sing softly, his fingers twirling playfully through Dean’s hair. “
...Something...
“Oh.” Charlie nodded slowly. “I was gonna say it’s not so bad wearing hand-me-downs, but yeah, if you’re not keen on weird smells, it’s gotta suck. I know a spell for removing smells from clothes, if you’re interested.”
” Castiel said, and his voice echoed.
“I have a refined palate,” Castiel retorted. “I know what I want.”
“It’s not crap,” Castiel complained. “Granted, it may not stick to a solid genre – it seems to bounce between country, hard rock, jazz, late-nineties pop, spoken poetry, and death metal, somehow without being cumulatively influenced by each style as a whole, and has lyrical themes just as variable – but it’s obviously personal. To both of you. It was experimental. It’s a time capsule of emotion, I imagine. It must bring back some difficult memories. But for me it’s... it reminds me of a trickier time, but of moments in that period where everything was laid in, where I finally knew what was going to happen next. I turned out to be wrong, of course, and I haven’t used my history degree for anything whatsoever, but still.” He looked tenderly at Dean, and nodded. “I love your music. We owe each other a couple of favours, I believe; I’d like to call in one of mine. If you happen to have a spare album on hand, I’d love to get my hands on it next time we meet.” He stood, a warm hand putting pressure on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean looked up now, licking his lips. He still had colour on his cheeks, but he wasn’t flustered any more. Castiel caught Charlie’s eye, and they both smiled.
“I recommend holding off on drinking it,” Castiel warned. “At least for a while.”
As if offering another invitation, Castiel took his shirt off completely. He had a gorgeous curve in his lower back, and fine shoulder bones that jutted out smoothly as he wriggled his shirt off his wrists and left it in the sand. He rolled his shoulders and rocked his head back, letting out a soft “
the right pop of natural caramel on the finish. Enough of a bite that Castiel’s texture sensitivities were assuaged, and enough richness that Dean wasn’t wondering what would’ve made it better. Maybe they were just hungry enough not to care, but it was as close to perfect as a meal ought to be for a night like this.
The door closed, and Charlie laughed. “God, you two are revolting. You’re gonna give me tooth decay with all this sweetness.”
Dean lay down beside him, making sure he was close enough to touch him if he wanted. Their shoulders already brushed; Dean was glad to feel a muscular nudge to his bicep every time Castiel breathed out.
Castiel set his head down and
,” Castiel hissed. “Dean, I’m sorry, I’m sorry—”
Dean chewed his lower lip. He could taste the rose in the lipstick.
Dean felt as anxious as Castiel looked. “What do you mean, normality?”
“My question is, why is there a rule against the teachers dating? Having relationships? Who’s to draw the line between friendship and
“I’m planning my lessons,” Castiel said. “I don’t want to teach the same exact day-to-day syllabus for a third year in a row. As much as I hate change, I think I need to be harder on my F.R.O.G. students this year; I got the feeling some of them were disappointed with their B.A.T. results for Potions. I don’t want to be caught unprepared.”
do things, isn’t it?” Dean said. “You leave and you take half our baseball team with you.”
A spirited little fox scampered after the phoenix’s tail, unfazed by the gigantic tiger that trod behind it, each paw trailing waves of silver.
“I’m fine,” Castiel said, though he wasn’t convinced it was true. “Ah...” His hand leapt up to wipe his lips. “Recently, since Dean told us about his... gender...”
It wasn’t much of a treasure hunt, really. Of course there was a prize at the end, and a bit of a quest to get there, but all he’d had to do beforehand was look up ‘
“What was Sam teaching today, anyway?” Charlie asked Gabriel over her shoulder. “When he took over teaching Defence I handed over the lesson plans I used, but he rearranged every class to his own schedule. I don’t know what he’d be teaching at this time of year.”
The whispers seemed to get louder, and Castiel peered over Dean’s shoulder to glare at his students. How dare they interrupt his moment with Dean? How dare they—
The next song came on, pounding in from the next room. The beat was heavy and rough, a little dirty and off-kilter. It built and built to a shaken, devastated gasp, and then a younger Dean keened, “
They made it through six songs as the pan sizzled, spitting with the juices of the onion chunks and peppers, toasting the green beans. In a pot next to the wok, the twisty brown pasta already bubbled, cooking quickly enough that Castiel barely had time to shuffle around the vegetables to brown them evenly before the timer beeped. Castiel left Dean to pour the pasta water out. They both liked their pasta on the al dente side, and it was only going to get crispy as they sautéed it.
The phoenix answered before Castiel could reply: it opened its black beak and sang a note. It was a long and melodious note, somehow changing pitch without being obvious about it.
“Will you be all right?” Castiel asked, turning Dean around again. “Ninety students is a lot to handle all at once. Especially after what happened on Friday night. Nobody but me has seen you since the ball, there’s bound to be a lot of questions...”
, still amused by the fact his side was painted with
“The steak?” Dean ducked to look in the box. “And the wedges. But the basting sauce is different to the dipping sauce. For the basting sauce I use brown sugar instead of syrup.”
Dean noticed the smile. “You’re messing with me,” he realised, slowly.
“Try it,” Castiel said.
“What can I say, I enjoy a challenge,” Castiel smiled. “Tell me if I’m rambling. Mariela says I talk too much.”
“Good,” Castiel said. “Forget it all. Years ago you trained yourself to move more boldly to act like a man; now forget that. Don’t try to be a princess. Don’t try to be a prince acting like a princess. Just be yourself. Burp all you like, and giggle all you like. Wouldn’t you rather be authentic than perfect?”
“Oh, that’s mine,” said a voice. “I’ve been tidying, I didn’t get to that yet.”
“Sorry about that,” Sam said to the rest of the class. “Uh. Look... There’s thirty of you. I know a lot of you are gonna have questions; it’s a new school, new classes. Some of you have never witnessed magic before, and there’s probably a ton of worrying things weighing on your mind.
you good at, huh?”
Three pairs of eyes looked her way, and she shook her head. “Nothing. It’s nothing. Just...” She looked at Dean for permission, and he stared back, pleading, like he
swing. Castiel leapt high, cheering, “WHOO! YEAH.” The ball whistled through the air and hit the clay side of the quarry, breaking off a mess of ancient plant roots which then scattered to the dust along with the ball.
“Mnn,” Castiel murmured in complaint.
? I know it’s a girly magazine but that doesn’t make you—”
Night fell hours ago, but Castiel refused to leave his potion unattended and go to bed.
“So really,” Dean said, scattering asphodel into his cauldron. “What is that?”
“Uhh,” came an unmistakable voice from the other side. “It’s Sam. Are you guys all in there? I could hear your dulcet tones from the common room.”
Dean snuggled closer to Castiel, putting his wand down on the nightstand, then sliding his arms around Cas’ hips.
Castiel blushed. “I hope it’s not inappropriate.”
With a longing look at the food, the older and tireder Charlie seemed to remember that she was on her way to dinner – the same dinner the younger Charlie had just left. “Okay,” she said, gripping her time-turner. “See you about twenty minutes ago.”
Dean’s eyes flicked to him, then to Cas, then down. “Yeah,” he said brightly, trying to mask the lie. “You ‘n me.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, “I’m fairly certain this is illegal. If you used a Gemino charm, it’s going to wear off in a few hours. Or less. The larger the object is—”
He wiped his mouth on his shirt sleeve again, then cleared his throat and explained, “Now, every time you eat that food again, you’ll remember this lesson. That’s the idea, anyway. Your senses are closely associated your memories. It works for anything. You smell perfume and you remember an old girlfriend; you smell a wet dog and you remember Old Yeller back home. You eat a puke-flavoured Bertie Bott’s Bean and you remember that time you were sick in your fifth year, and you remember why you never eat expired beef stroganoff out of a can.”
Dean cleared his throat, stepping up onto the dais where Castiel’s desk resided. Castiel looked up and smiled widely, eyes brightening. “Hello, Dean,” he said. “Saskia was just asking about the correct procedure for washing cauldrons.”
Dean felt heat crawling up his neck. He looked along the rows of young faces, then up to the teachers, who wore the same keen expressions as the kids.
Castiel sighed, sitting more comfortably beside Dean, legs stretched down the gentle curve of the rope bridge ahead. Softly, he reached to lift away a line of fake eyelashes that was peeling off Dean’s eyelid.
“I appreciate your existence,” Charlie said. “I heard you took a singing quill into a Muggle Studies test.”
“Um,” Dean said. He couldn’t hear his own voice.
Then, after a cooling breath, he bent down like Dean had, and lined up his cue tip with the white ball. He held his breath, as did everyone else. Just as Castiel started to wiggle the cue, Dean coughed loudly, but Sam elbowed him, and Dean grinned.
“Yeah,” Dean smiled, following behind. He pulled out his wand and waved it, making Castiel’s hovering quill swoop down to rest on top of the parchment and the books.
Charlie covered her mouth, smiling and sobbing at once. She bent her head forward and rested her forehead on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean held her, both arms around her.
guy been hiding? We’ve had to deal with Mr. Meat Man for God knows how many years. This guy
So that was how things would be.
we decide who’s right.”
.” Dean grinned when he heard a collective laugh.
Castiel blinked. “Oh. Um.” He checked his watch. “It’s past eleven now, and it’ll take me twenty-five minutes to get home...”
Dean gave a reassuring smile. “Your students love you for what you do. Most of them get to see you twice a day. I remember when I was still a student, I loved both your classes equally.”
“I have to say,” Moseley began, looking at the rings on her hands, “I’ve wanted to change the rule ever since I became a teacher here.”
“What is there to let go of?” Castiel asked, his voice deep and soft, close to a hum. “What— What do you want from me, Dean?”
“Hm?”
The slope of his shoulders was lower; his neck was slimmer, his muscle was made subtle. His Adam’s apple was gone. His t-shirt hung loose around his neck, not fitting like it did before.
“You’re getting clumsy,” Rinker said from behind the refreshment table. He stood there cutting up orange slices, giving Dean a judgemental look.
Dean came after Castiel, his wand held in his hand.
With that, he smiled, and in a single flick of his wand, years’ worth of notes burst from their filing cabinet and shredded into pieces, which then Vanished into nothing, while his cauldron emptied in a thin trickle of glowing turquoise, the fluid arching smoothly across the classroom until it poured down the sink. The books whizzed away to sit back on their proper shelf, and all the potion-making tools hurried off back to their drawers. They tucked themselves in, and the drawers slammed closed.
“Yeah, Cas, I mean you.” Dean grinned. He paused, considering Castiel closely, still smiling. “Are you... actually like this? Or are you just messing with me?”
He didn’t need to think about it. It had a straight run to the back left corner pocket. He aimed and hit.
Half the dancers trailed back to the tables, babbling voices filtering through the crowd. Gilda turned first, and she smiled at someone behind Castiel.
“I’m not in a rabbit warren.”
feel that oozy wet drip of baked-bean sauce running down his chin.
Dean took Castiel as far as the teachers’ common room. The entrance was hidden behind a Diné tapestry of a flaming phoenix, her geometric-feathered wings spread protectively above all her phoenix babies. The tapestry moved as they approached.
Dean gazed up at Castiel with a luminous feeling inside him. He recognised what they’d just shared and he loved it for what it was.
Dean looked back, with one boot on the metal step up to the truck. “Uh. Sure. Depends what it is.”
A dozen more hands shot up, and a dozen more questions were shouted out. The Great Hall got louder and louder, students bombarding Dean with personal queries.
faith, right? That certain people...” his hand slid to Castiel’s knee, rubbing, holding, “are worth changing for. Worth giving stuff up for. Worth... growing for. Even not knowing if I’d ever see you again, I figured I might as well try, right? Even not knowing if you’d even want me, or wanna kiss me. I mean, it’s crazy – sounds crazy – but even not knowing—”
Dean gave the duck a few quick squeezes, making it pant and beep. “Cute.” He’d never handled one of these before. He’d never even known anyone who had one. Rubber ducks were a fantastic myth to him, things the kids with parents had in their full-sized bathrooms filled with candles.
“Mm gettin’ to it,” Castiel murmured, kissing and smooching his way to the hard, dark points of Dean’s breasts. He took one into his mouth, running the wrinkled nub under his tongue. Dean shivered, letting out a low moan.
“Everyone cheated,” Charlie smiled. “But Qurdruk cheated less than Jinstem, which is why they won.”
Castiel gripped Dean’s arm in a tender hand, drawing his eyes to meet his own. There was a sparkle in Castiel’s gaze, fearless. “Perhaps, Dean, if I put this in terms you’ll understand... You made the best God-damn hash browns I’ve ever eaten in my fucking life.”
“But?”
“He,” Dean said. Then he reconsidered, and he shrugged. “Get back to you on that?”
“Oh, no... no, no,” Charlie rushed forward, kneeling where Castiel had slumped down. She reached to comfort him, but pulled back before she made contact. “May I touch you?” she asked.
“I’m not trying to ‘change’ my ‘engine’,” Castiel said, waggling his fingers in air quotes. “I just want my ‘engine’ to run ‘better’, that’s all.”
,” she read, “‘
“Because if you knew, you’d try and stop me,” Castiel replied.
The four of them made their way down the gravel path, suitcases bumping their legs, rattling their animals’ cages. Sam’s toad croaked inside his terrarium, presumably unhappy about being out of Arizona all of a sudden. He didn’t like to travel.
“No, Dean,” Castiel said softly, sitting on Dean’s bed. His hand stroked Dean’s cheek, and Dean felt a fierce tingle run through his skin. “You’re very much alive, and you can’t begin to know how thankful I am.”
base for what I’m going to make you. I
“Wrong.”
“I love you,” Dean smiled, feeling all floopy at the sight of his friend. “You... You’re my favourite... teacher...”
“I think yours is nice,” Dean said quietly. “Suits you.”
Dean swallowed and returned his attention to his redheaded neighbour, not for the first time thinking that she kind of looked like a witch.
. I don’t mind that one. But the worst one... The worst one...” She ran her hand over her mouth, and she leaned forward in her armchair, slipping her boots back to the ground. She swallowed, and she managed a small smile, trying to cheer herself up. “It’s not too bad, since it’s not true.”
Castiel stayed by the food table, arms folded, offering flat smiles whenever anyone glanced his way.
, yes – Dean— Dean—”
Charlie smiled. “Joshua?”
“I’d bet you anything he’s an opossum,” Charlie said.
“Hm?” Castiel stopped humming, waiting for Dean to speak.
“Of you waddling around with a tie on your head and your boot toe in a rabbit warren.”
Dean nodded, dragging a hand over his still-sore lips. “S-So, um,” he said, breathing unevenly. “When is this meeting?”
. No bullshit. You get me?”
Sam joined Charlie and Gertrude in the kitchen, and while they chatted, catching up, Sam went ahead and made everyone some dinner. Dean had taught him to cook years ago. Sam still remembered how to turn a gas oven on, and he knew how to season and bake whole potatoes. Charlie got out all the fillings from the cupboard, and soon Dean helped them, taking cutlery from Gertrude and placing it very precisely on the dinner table.
“You ought to talk to her,” Castiel said. “Make sure she understands there’s no truth to the rumours, that you don’t see her that way. Just because you’re a lesbian and she’s attractive, it doesn’t mean you’re interested in her.”
“Does that mean no?”
Dean snickered, but dug into his apron pocket to find a restaurant-order notebook and pencil. “
“But he’s—”
“Hmmm. Alright.”
“I think I’m done,” Castiel said. He brushed the powdered wormwood off his hands and got up from his stool, stepping onto the stone floor of his classroom. He reached up and cupped his hand around a group of floating candles, and he blew them out. “Come on, let’s do something else.”
“How was it, two weeks without magic?” Gertrude asked, when everyone was sitting down.
Dean did as Castiel said, glad he had the teacher right beside him for troubleshooting. Had Dean been in a class with twenty-nine other students, it would’ve been several minutes before Castiel got to his desk and there would’ve been no time left to save the potion.
!” came a bark from the kitchen, as Dean emerged with sooty hands and tongs hung from a thumb, a tray grasped before him and slid down onto the table. “More meat. Crisped to perfection. Courtesy of the Meat Man.”
Castiel took the tupperware. Before he turned to leave, he was glad to see Dean give Sam a sorry smile, and Sam plop down in frustration, only to be offered the leftover sandwich. Sam took it, and ate it. Dean patted Sam on the back, and Sam leaned into his touch, rolling his eyes, but smiling.
“Just you wait, buddy,” Dean said, elbowing Castiel gently as they pressed close to each other’s heat, back to back. “I’m gonna ruin you for other food.”
Dean’s left cheek bulged with the pie crust, and he crumpled the empty paper bag, then mumbled, “Hey, look, I can get it. It’s no trouble.”
“Is your whole class gonna be like this?” asked Renee. She sucked on her sugar quill, staring dead-eyed at Castiel.
Sam felt his lips tremble, and he blinked away the mist in his eyes. He gazed out at the kids before him. The classroom was silent.
Castiel set his fingers upon Dean’s slender chin and watched him close his eyes. They shared a peaceful moment: Dean surrendered his breath, allowing Castiel to help him drink. Dean drained the glass, and Castiel put it back down.
Dean shut his eyes. “People cared for us. They tried to teach us. But the places we lived... they were not safe places. They were not loving places. We went to a boarding school for orphans. Then a halfway house – and they did religious classes every day, twice at the weekends. By the time I was eleven I knew plenty about Abrahamic sacrifice but I didn’t know how to tie my own shoelaces.”
It didn’t matter if the class covered a cure for boils with the first-years, or a complex Veritaserum potion with the F.R.O.G. students. Dean wanted to give it a try.
“Really,
Dean kissed and nibbled, and his lips parted against Castiel’s scrotum, but he only mouthed and nosed at it briefly before kissing his way up to Castiel’s hips.
Castiel went and got his tea, and he went back to his quarters. He still thought about Dean, though.
“Where are you going, Dean?” Sam asked innocently.
“You!” came a shout from some distance away. Dean grinned when he saw his old Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher whizzing towards them on her old Nimbus 2011. She pulled to a swift stop and hopped off, her jagged red hair shaking with colourful beads, knocking together with every step she took. Her robes were coloured maroon and her smile was wide. She came up to Sam and hugged him like Dean had.
Dean smiled, but he nosed towards Castiel, urging. “If I wasn’t relevant, what would you want?”
Castiel nudged Dean. “Look!”
“So what d’ya have against us, then?” Dean laughed, sliding a step closer, shucking that crate higher. “Or should I just assume?”
“I’m not confused, I just... can’t figure out why you’re so accepting,” Dean said, his attention jumping between Castiel’s eyes every couple of seconds.
Sam accepted Charlie’s hug, eyes shut as he squished her back. He stood tall, taking a breath at last. Then he lifted his apron from his neck, draped the whole thing over Dean’s head, and faded into the crowd. He was a head taller than most, so Castiel could track him as he headed towards the bridge.
“I, uh,” Dean said. “I guess that was kind of a dick move on my part.”
Castiel smiled pleasantly at the other teachers who stood around the room, nodding a greeting when they met his eye: Gilda Moondoor, Professor of Care of Magical Creatures; Bobby Singer, Patron of the hospital wing; Joshua D’Angel, Professor of Herbology; and, of course, Professor Linda Tran, combined departments of Ancient Runes and Arithmancy. The masters of History of Magic, Transfiguration, Alchemy, Muggle Studies, Astrology and Divination were also in the room, but Castiel didn’t even glance at them, distracted by another unknown presence.
. You think charcoal is a flavouring.”
cinnamon and sweetened with
Castiel’s breath soon began to hitch, and he’d frown for one moment and smile the next, his eyes dipping to Dean’s lips, then back to his eyes.
“Do you make wishes too?” came a familiar voice.
Dean scoffed. “So... The letters you sent, about the other job you had—? It was – what? – some elaborate ruse? So Gabriel-the-ghost could torture you with classroom horror stories all summer?”
They shared a silence.
Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes, and he was sure he was a heartbeat away from swooning. He couldn’t believe it had taken him so long to recognise Dean in this body, in this outfit. It was not the pink he’d been expecting, but it was spectacular, as was his headpiece, his hair, and the mask—
“Don’t worry,” Castiel said, patting Dean’s wrist. “I know you got good marks in your F.R.O.G. for Potions. It’ll become second nature again.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “Did you tell her?”
Castiel smiled after him. “You love me.”
Licking his lips slowly, Sam drew his wand. He ran his fingers along twelve inches of cypress wood, skin slipping in a hiss on the matte polish.
Charlie chuckled, and she nodded. She leaned in to hug Dean, and Dean gripped her tight, pulling her to his chest.
“Charms?” Sam rolled his eyes, shoving Dean’s hair-ruffling hand away. “Dude, decent exam results aside, you’re not
. Hehe.)
Dean’s eyes kept drifting, always finding their way to Castiel.
Heat smothered Castiel as he stepped into it. He unbuttoned his shirt collar and untucked its hem right away, then carried his tupperware towards the truck. A hot breeze sighed along happily. The smug buzz of bees and the distant grumble of a ride-on lawnmower made the air vibrate, amidst the sizzle and occasional cricks of the insects in the grass. Dust and seeds flew up around Castiel’s jeans, giving his marching steps a dainty gold outline.
“Okay,” he breathed, steeling himself. “Can I take it now?” he asked Castiel hopefully.
Castiel smiled, then nodded. “I think I’d like that.”
for beatin’ yourself up for no good reason.
It tasted like strawberries. Not real strawberries, but the fake ones that confectioners thought would make a good candy flavour. Dean swallowed, and was reminded of bubblegum bursting over his nose, and that scooping movement of his jaw and bottom teeth he’d do to drag the bubble back into his mouth.
until you started—
“Yeah, uh.” Dean started sucking at the paper bag, getting chocolate on his nose. “So you’re, ummm. Jesus fan.”
This had been one of Dean’s smartest, if wackiest ideas. He and Cas hadn’t been able to find the thing they wanted to buy, so about four months back, Dean had suggested they make it.
Faintly, she heard him warbling, “
Dean wrinkled his upper lip. “Hng. Pass. You guys do your thing, I’ll, uh. I’ll stick to real food. No offence.”
“I run an after-school mathematics program,” Castiel said, picking at the last of his cake, then giving the bag to Dean to lick when he looked wanton. “Middle-schoolers and high-schoolers, usually, but I have worksheets for younger children, and I’m working on expanding to adults. Local schools have started referring underperforming students my way, which is exciting. It started as a hobby when I was between desk jobs, and turned into a real company, somehow. It’s been years in the making, I never really knew what would come of it, but— Sorry, this is boring.”
“The second thing to do,” Castiel went on, still smiling, “is to read the instructions all the way through. Twice if you have time. Commit the general order of it to memory.”
They exchanged gifts. Dean gave Sam the tiny cheese grater. Sam gave a voucher for car fuel to Dean, and a baseball hat to Castiel. Charlie gave everyone a Muggle chocolate bar, and purely by coincidence, everyone gave Charlie other kinds of Muggle candy. Dean gave Castiel a purple rubber duck, “so the yellow one isn’t lonely”. Castiel gave Dean a hug – a long hug – and a bag of treats for Baby Batman. He also showed them all a badge he’d found on the street that said
“Nothing,” Charlie said. “I turned it around, made it about how she needs to respect the privacy of her teachers. She trusts you and Dean. As she should. You’re not bad people or bad teachers, just—”
Dean raised his eyebrows, watching in astonishment as Castiel came on his belly, the fluid separated by Castiel’s fingers; it ran down his skin and dripped thickly into Dean’s navel, collecting in fat, shining globules. Dean had never realised come could get that thick – he’d never gone so long without a release.
“My, don’t these make a pretty picture,” she said. She tilted the box, showing the four wands to those around her. All four wands were light in colour, their handles neatly aligned with the edge of the box. Castiel found it strange, but he could almost see himself and his three friends side-by-side in the container, as though part of them was about to be locked away.
