But John interrupted. “Sherlock, I like the physical closeness we have now. But you need to know that I’m dysfunctional in other ways.” He was now looking at the floor, anywhere except Sherlock.
Then, just two blocks from the flat, John’s worst fears were realized; two unknown Alphas had obviously caught Sherlock’s scent and were now following him. And Sherlock’s scent was no stronger than it had been outside the flat, so John knew he was still not close to him. He ran steadily onward. Sherlock’s route was clearly a panic flight; it showed none of his usual brilliant mapping or strategy. It was easy for John to follow but easy for predators as well.
A dazed John allowed himself to be led down the hall to the bathroom.  It was dark as Sherlock drew John in but rather than switch on the light, Sherlock reached to light two candles sitting on the edge of the basin. Then, the firm planes of his chest bathed in the glow of the light, Sherlock set the towels and bottles down and leaned forward to turn the shower on.
“Stop pacing, John.”
“Hmmm?” Sherlock was reading a book his arm around John, absently stroking the skin at the base of John’s neck. He hadn’t noticed that John had put down his Journal of Social Work several minutes earlier.
John’s smile widened, “…and I am called John Watson, but, leifling, I must say I liked it when you called me Ælfric…”
The omega, feeling the loss of John's comforting stroking, for John was now motionless and staring down at him in surprise, opened his eyes. When he did so, John experienced a second surprise in as many minutes as the youth’s startlingly brilliant, clear blue eyes met his own. They shuttered closed again quickly but not before John had seen their semi-lunar folds, or third eyelids; two protective translucent membranes, commonly found in marine mammals… and very occasionally, also in humans.
“In a relationship, I mean when…people…are dating… how important do you think sex is? Is it the…most important thing for…people, would you say?”
Then, not caring that Lestrade was there to see, he reached for and held John's shaking hand in his own and asked again, "Please, John are you sure you want to hear…this?"
John glanced back at him.  “Let’s talk about you.  Who are you?”
Sherlock nodded his head, “I couldn’t ever get out to the habit of staying awake, John.  Sleeping has never felt safe, I always wake up afraid.  But it was nice this morning, I must have known, even in my sleep that you were there with me because I was happy when I woke up. I didn’t know what to do about the erection, but it felt so good to have you beside me; so safe!”
John pressed anxious kisses to Sherlock’s eyes before cupping his face in his hands with infinite gentleness, “I know you don’t, and that’s partly why...I’m…holding back, Sherlock. Before we can be together, we need to understand each other better. What’s between us has to be about more than just a desire for hot sex. Understanding and partnership take time to develop.”
Let loose, John's anger was spilling over, "There is no safe place, Sherlock! I would still be trapped in that hell if Harvey hadn't decided to discard me himself! Can you understand that? I suffered every day and night I was with that man, Sherlock! I did not love him or respect him. He was my tormentor and I do not miss him at all!"
“So, ah, thank you,” he finished lamely.
he thought. But he knew better than that--Irene had already pointed him toward the patron she intended to win his debut, had gathered Sherlock’s consent. Jim would have to wait until later.
“So you’ve been keeping a secret?” Sherlock’s voice trembled as he said it. John took it as a personal triumph that Sherlock of all people was essentially repeating something that had already been said, and it wasn’t on purpose.
Helen began lowering herself.
“They’re coming.” Felippa dashed forward, nearly tripping on the same chair Lorenzo had only moments before, and snatched up the walkie-talkie. “We can track them this way.”
Greg wastes no time, tagging in to grab the big guy.
He fumbled, finding the strength hidden somewhere to find his balance and lever himself up from her lap, the clench of the ropes nearly too much from where they bit in, sure to abrade and bruise if he didn’t get out of them soon.
, he was lost, he was in heaven, he was beyond.
“I--I didn’t bring an offering,” he stammered.
The creak of the floorboards as Sherlock shifted his weight was a noise John had trained himself to recognise. Both Irene and Kate had softer footfalls, their steps closer together, and usually tapped out in the click of heels on the hardwood. But Sherlock largely went barefoot when not required to leave the house, and his gait fell somewhat heavier.
YEARS PASS AND they still spend hours in the garden, they still walk the length of the town, talking. Their hair has turned grey and John has discovered finally that the sea holds no threat (its roar was always in his head); that his heart and his bones are stronger than the circumstances that break them, heaps of rock and coloured glass though those are. He has learned how to live with the memory of holding a small weight in a soft pink blanket, and how to push away the darkness that will excoriate his insides if he lets it.
There was no way, no possible way, that he’d make it anywhere near London in time to stop Jim’s plans.
Sherlock turned to face the door as it opened, and Mr. Ames returned. He washed his hands, pulled on nitrile gloves, and swabbed down Sherlock's skin before applying the transfer paper, pressing it just so until he'd inked the temporary guidelines along Sherlock's shoulders and spine.
rather extensive, sir.”
I wouldn’t have done this if it weren’t for MLC (MapeLeafCameo) feeding a plot-bunny. Those plot-bunnies wound up being more like Tribbles. Sorrynotsorry. ;D
# # # # #
, could see, that Sherlock could tell the difference between their positions in D’Angeline strata.
“Here, I suppose I’ll do that for you, too.”
“--no!” a woman--
But Molly pipes up, pointing to John’s costume. “They’re Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham. Oh, that’s clever!”
Sherlock's final footsteps into the kitchen changed all that, however.
on the chopping block, all for Sherlock’s safety. Now he stood on the firing line for it, awaiting the parting shots.
A soft breeze whispered across Sherlock’s skin, and he watched as it tightened John’s nipples and ruffled John’s hair, which he’d let grow a bit shaggy since his departure from the Brotherhood. Sherlock ignored the urge to reach up, to lick his way up to one nipple, in favour of lifting his hips for John to divest him of the remainder of his clothes. Sherlock revelled at the warmth of the sun on his skin, the bite of the roses. Now fully erect, his cock bobbed of its own will, and that too was a unique sensation out in the open air. John stood then, and stripped himself quickly. He’d picked up some little measure of Sherlock’s technique, always a quick study, but this he did gracelessly in his enthusiasm, and Sherlock loved him just a little more for it. That was his favourite thing about making love with John: it had nothing, really nothing, to do with the arts and skills he’d learned, and everything to do with baring himself, no pretense, no exchange other than pleasure for its own sake.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the priest intoned. “You bow at Kushiel’s altar. Do you accept his mercy?”
. Had
A convenient arrangement from a man who needed an unsavory connection severed, who could pass along the good fortune by funding a woman who fancied herself an avenging angel of the servants of Naamah, the very one who could provide the means and mode for such a victim to regain her power.
Sherlock lifted his gaze just enough to offer the ghost of a smile; Jim, in his infinite cruelty, merely tightened the slack on Sherlock’s leash, drawing him upright on his knees so he had no choice but to face his patrons, former and current. Jim leaned down, his lips brushing Sherlock’s ear.
# # # # #
It is a single chord in the dark, a constant reminder, a recurrent thought.
Just behind, the other motorboat came to life, and Felippa threw the throttle open, the last four guards trailing close enough behind that Sherlock could hear their shouts over the roar of water and engines.
“A spanking,” Sherlock whispered.
It had felt like the most bitter absolution when he’d been denied entry. If there had been one thing he’d learned from John, it was that there was no persuading a Cassiline once their mind was set. He was certain that if he tried to force his way in he’d be met with the same sort of discipline with which he’d seen John dispatch attackers.
the poem to a prince, the night he’d received the De Fhirze assignation request.
“Our family traces its history there, you know.”
Perhaps it was just Victor’s nature. Or perhaps Sherlock had softened him, had succeeded in whatever scheme Irene had in mind when arranging their assignation. At present, Sherlock really couldn’t make himself care either way.
Sherlock was fairly certain he was in heaven.
as the rest of the victim. Even the muscle had been blanched by the water, until every last ounce of exposed flesh was cast in the disturbing white-grey tones of a ghost.
John hates lime kool-aid. He hates the punch even worse, but it is better than the keg of shitty beer one of his rugby mates has smuggled in. Well, better in the sense that it’s more effective. He tosses another little cupful back, bites off a grimace. What’d they used, Popov? Whatever it is, it’s godawful.
The first few times John called, unable to speak for the way the glass wedged itself in his throat, each subsequent repetition of his name
Sherlock let loose a string of muffled moans, his body torn between the discomfort and the need for more, more of everything, enough to make him orgasm so hard he’d forget his own name.
It certainly afforded him the opportunity to reflect on his newfound clarity of purpose. It still came as something of a shock to find himself largely serene on the matter of Sherlock’s assignations, safe in the trust that neither Cassiel nor Naamah would abuse their servants’ faith. It came as a relief, as a welcome balm to find himself selflessly dedicated to Sherlock, to Cassiel’s guidance and Elua’s surety.
No hesitation. It was boggling to think this complete stranger was willing to defy a major company policy on the promise of good luck.
His skull--well. He’d tried to split it open, and it felt exactly like that. Pain blocked out everything save the drum-pound of his pulse, the roaring roil of nausea.
“Eyes on me, Sherlock, or I’ll make you take him right here.”
“Jim Moriarty,” he said. “There are rumours he has ties to a whole host of questionable organizations.”
Sherlock could feel John’s eyes on his back, but he ignored it. “It is,” he answered, praying that if he left off calling her
“Okay--” Felippa closed her eyes in thought. “I’m guessing they’ve got a few covering the hospital still, waiting for us to come out. And the rest are probably at the
He looked like a tit, but John was mostly glad for his help. Probably.
Instead he said, “No cab?”
doing what I’ve been called, apparently, to do. You are the best in your field, and I will settle for nothing less.”
Sherlock clenched his jaw, set his teacup down with enough force to slosh its contents over the side.
. Sherlock wore Kushiel’s bronze mask, bound before Elua’s statue and surrounded by blood-red anemones. John’s palms had skimmed his ward’s warm, bare skin.
Sherlock hadn’t noticed the slot before, and another wave of fear gripped him.
But not Sherlock, of course not. The idea of them always left him with curious chills, an intrigue he couldn’t abandon. But picturing a thing and knowing it are two different worlds, and Sherlock crossed that line, burned that bridge as hot and as recklessly as anyone might.
“Get it over with.”
Brother Vincent made a thoughtful noise, and then jerked his head. “Come with me.”
It was mortifying to think of all he’d missed out on, having fallen prey to his own stupid self-aggrandizing tendencies. His memory echoed loud with his voice, speeding through thick and fast deductions. He’d gotten too wrapped up in his own needs to consider Amelia’s. Still,
Sherlock’s hands shook as he darted forward to retrieve the prophylactic. But soon enough it was open and rolled on. He took himself in hand, and mimicking her earlier action, nestled the length of his cock between her labia, until his glans brushed against her clitoris. Sally let out a gasp and her hands flew up to grip his shoulders, and he rocked forward again, a much gentler version of the exact maneuver she’d used on his arse. He did a few more times, right until she grunted with impatience, and he realigned himself to slip inside.
Somewhere, he was certain Elua was laughing his arse off, having saddled the two of them together.
When he could feel his toes again, John propped himself on his elbows. “Come here--I need to see you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Then the prick of Kushiel’s dart and the goad of Namaah’s desire had dragged him to Elua’s feet, who saw fit to curse him with a need for something deeper. He craved physical contact so desperately his chest ached with it: whether it was a pat on the shoulder and Irene’s fraternal regard, Mrs. Hudson’s frail motherly comforts in the form of a hug, or the shallow postcoital contentment that came when wrapped in the arms of a patron.
“Billy, are those Jimmy and Sam, the boys--”
“--be seeing to your aftercare?” Sister Roberts finished smoothly.
“I never said you did--”
or that he’d just been gifted centuries-old Cassiline battle gear because a complete stranger thought him worthy. Sherlock could take one look at John, read him like a primary school book and see just what had happened. He’d
“To some extent. I also bear Kushiel’s mark.”
“Exactly!” Sherlock exclaimed. “That’s it exactly, John. Victor’s family money dried up when he went to prison, so why--”
“Listen here,” she spat. “You will
“Which you are,” a new voice noted, heatless and intrigued.
If it were anything like John’s trial, though…
The next morning Sherlock came down to find John, Irene, and Kate all gathered at the television, shock and horror written on their faces as the news reported an overnight story from abroad.
Sherlock swallowed hard. Was that what his assignation was, a parting gift before Amelia went back to Paris?
But Sherlock lost the thread of Jim’s words, distracted by the pad of Jim’s middle finger, pushing gently against his opening. He was still slick, still loose from earlier--a detail Jim hadn’t forgotten. Jim pressed in, just a little bit, and Sherlock squirmed for more.
Fifteen minutes to ready himself for a battle in which he could only lose.
“Nervous, love?” Lestrade had Sherlock all but pinned against the counter, arms braced on either side, though they didn’t actually make contact. “First time with a bloke?”
Sherlock croaked.
Still, if it came to it, Elua might understand if John abandoned his vigil, strong-arming his way past the attendant, in order to at least follow them to the party. Moriarty had him hoisted by his bollocks, all on the twine of John’s own service to Cassiel.
# # # # #
She winked at him then, and Sherlock found himself at once annoyed and relieved. Annoyed, because it seemed she was being awfully flippant about all this; relieved because the less his mother knew about his apparently god-given masochistic tendencies the better.
“That depends. I know of an excellent Italian restaurant a few blocks away, or if you’d prefer Chinese--”
Also CAN I JUST SAY. That research to make sure I could use
John kept Sherlock in his periphery as he gave his statement, as he allowed them to copy down the serial from his SIG and quickly holster it again, as he handed his ID over.
A sharp pang of arousal shot through Sherlock as he realised at least a little bit of what had just been asked of him. He shifted, thorns biting into his forearms as he rolled over. Anticipation robbed him of his breath as he lowered his front side down onto the scattered thorns. Each point, now on front and back, was a white-hot star in his universe. He was particularly aware of one that pricked the skin at the crease of groin and thigh, and another frighteningly close to where his cock was trapped between his stomach and the blanket.
It was Jim Moriarty. His oil-slick smile slid into place as he replied, “Ah, the infamous Cassilline. We haven’t properly met.”
“...Too good to speak to Daddy, are we?” Moriarty’s voice dripped poison.
Amelia rose abruptly and stalked off into the hallway, her stilettoes clicking harshly against the hardwood as she left.
“First time for this, too?”
“You were lovely tonight.”
Sherlock leaned to keep his voice low and audible, and he absolutely did not notice the clean scent at the collar of John’s shirt. “Her mother is a long-time friend of Irene’s. She will take us to a private section in exchange for recommendation again to Irene’s--erm--attentions. And of course I’ve bribed Liu.”
Sherlock grumbled all the while, but did as he was instructed. John hoped it was merely his way of saying thank you. Maybe fifteen, twenty minutes later they had a chipper little fire going, right there at the bank of a pond on the opposite side of the woods from John’s house. It wasn’t enough to cast much heat, thankfully, but enough to light their area. Orangey firelight drove back the humid press of night, and within its glow Sherlock sat cross-legged in his pyjamas, his arms still crossed, his back ramrod straight.
It came like a punch to the chest; Sherlock’s reply was voiceless. “I’m at your command, Daddy.”
“Then you understand,
And when Lestrade crooked his fingers and curled against Sherlock’s prostate, he howled and bucked, begging, “Please, please--want you--please--”
Amelia laughed, completely unbothered by this comment. Sherlock found it likely the Chamberlains’ was an open arrangement, as it was not uncommon among D’Angeline upper-class. “Jim tells me you play violin, Sherlock. Is that true?”
“And I suppose I should return the favour. Can you remember something for me, lovely? With that brilliant mind of yours?”
“His name was Joscelin Verreuil. And he chose, as you did. What he did--what you have just done--has been called making Cassiel’s Choice.”
Sally lunged forward, snatching Sherlock by the collar and jerking his face close. John started toward them, but Sherlock stayed him with an outstretched hand. The glare he leveled at Sally rivaled her own at Sherlock.
On queue, John bristled beside him, body battle-ready if Ames wished to engage.
How could he not know? France was home to Terre D’Ange, the region where Blessed Elua put down roots. When he and his companions--the angels who followed him--mingled with the people, that divine beauty and all those blessings were borne out in Terre D’Ange’s citizens.
“Sherlock!” John hissed as he surged forward, and he didn’t hesitate to shoot.
“Sherlock, I wanted to speak with you about the nature of your time with us today. Many people come to us when they know they’ve done wrong--cheated on a spouse, or hurt a friend intentionally, for example. But you--I imagine your reasons are different.”
Wilkerson.
Luca was quiet for a moment as he continued his inspection, pressing his fingers gently against various lymph nodes.
If he stayed, he’d have no hope of stopping the bombing at the British Embassy. If he went, he’d be sworn to Jim Moriarty, and regardless of the intention or the fallout, that was a binding oath, one for which Kushiel and Elua alike would hold his soul accountable. If he went, there was nothing left for him, even if he succeeded in stopping the bombing. Only hell.
want, brother? This wasn’t a social call--you’ve got some sort of problem only a first-class D’Angeline whore might solve.”
John’s throat is tight, but not with glass. It’s more like a baked potato, firm and steaming, searing the flesh of his esophagus.
John glanced up to his face again. “You and me both.”
If it were any other act he’d caught John in, any other private speech, Sherlock wouldn’t hesitate to deduce him to shreds. As it was, Sherlock knew too well the desperate plea sent out to a being who may or may not be there. He had intruded, and he knew it.
“Yeah?” John sounds equal parts shamed and relieved to not have to explain himself aloud.
John shakes his head. “No idea. He was supposed to be here with Greg and me, setting up.”
“Sherlock--” John fumed, bringing up the rear, “if your little tantrum results in me having to defend your stupid arse against the police and then
(See the end of the chapter for
It was frustrating.There was only the possibility he might find
Italian. Abandoned hospital or asylum, at least as old as the sixties or seventies. Near the ocean.
John arrived home before anyone had risen, before Mrs. Hudson had even arrived. That--that was fine. He found Sherlock, head cradled on his arm at the little lab table set up in the breakfast nook, and it made John smile.
Dianne de Fhirze seemed to be of a completely different mind. A silver-lacquered nail trailed along the edge of a row of metallic fringe, her expression at once deeply bemused and slightly helpless.
With a sinking, twisting feeling in his gut, John realised that despite all his proclamations back in the council-room, that didn’t make Sherlock’s choice for him. It could all still come to naught, and all it would take would be one word of rejection.
It was different, although in what way, even the great Sherlock Holmes couldn’t quantify. There
neat little decorations for the arse of a prison guard--”
John,
John took the package from him, finished opening it. He let out a loud, vehement curse.
Norton Cottage, Sherlock felt, was more akin to a country manor than anything like the cottage-home in which he’d spent his childhood. Leave it to posh, idiosyncratic nomenclature to downplay wealth, Sherlock decided.
“You get off on this, don’t you? Nasty little freak, playing dress-up like some common slag?”
Sherlock told himself.
“I’m Emile. You’re going to your--ah, your patron? Ward? Am I right?”
Elua and his Companions had found a small following in Britain sometime during the thousand years of war between Britain and France, though their descendants and converts were not officially recognised and granted protection until shortly before the first World War. Since the
What if his parents hadn’t died? Or, if when they did, he hadn’t chosen Cassiel’s service? How different would things have turned out?
As he wriggled free, his free hand grasping blindly at what felt like Sherlock’s elbow, he thought,
“You saw!” she half-shouted. “You saw what he did to Roxanne’s daughter. I don’t have children, but I have loved ones. It’s as good as done, if he doesn’t get what he wants.”
get arrested--” He sounded just shy of hauling his ward out of the building by his ear.
Instead he conceded to pacing the kitchen, ostensibly to study the few personal effects the room had to offer. He sincerely prayed he could find interest in a few accent ferns, a framed picture, and a refrigerator full of artwork from their--
Sherlock couldn’t breathe, didn’t dare take his eyes away from the woman’s.
Polyamory was something free-loving vegan hippies did, John was sure. Something no intelligent, self-respecting person would buy into. Certainly not respectable
(See the end of the chapter for
This didn’t surprise Sherlock--or Irene, who had taken great pleasure in pulling strings to get him posted with them--in the slightest. Cassilines were trained in strict austerity, following the example of Cassiel, who among Elua’s Companions never sought earthly pleasures, choosing to remain at Elua’s side. “The Perfect Companion.” It was a little-known fact outside the brotherhood, but Cassilines often referred to Elua’s other companions as The Misguided.
Irene shook her head. “Mrs. Hudson, maybe? Sometimes she brings in flowers from the garden.”
Jaw set, he pushed himself up from the padded table and strode to the mirror, almost daring Ames to say something about the very noticeable way the line of his trousers had been ruined by his "anguisset business."
too coincidental, after Wilkerson had name-dropped Dominique right into the middle of an intrigue with Victor Trevor.
Sherlock was highly surprised, then, when his mobile pinged one rainy afternoon two weeks later. It was a message from a strange number.
Instead he opted for, “Late session last night?”
By the time Sherlock left Victor’s bedroom, fully dressed and with the slight stiffness in gait that advertised his well-shagged tiredness, Victor had already gone, leaving a tray of breakfast delivered by Regina and a small parting gift in his wake--a disposable PIN card with a note that thanked him for a night truly well-spent. Sherlock had gladly accepted the breakfast and the PIN card, which he fully intended to put toward his marque. Afterward he’d cleaned himself in the en-suite and dressed.
John frowned but stayed, and spoke with Mrs. Hudson.
Moriarty chuckled. “That’s not the only thing that might get you kicked out, though, is it? It’s not hard to see what else you’re hiding, little Cassiline, not for someone blessed enough to
John thought.
Sherlock wanted to throttle himself. What a stupid lapse in intelligent word choice. For the first time in his life, he wondered why he couldn’t have been more like the entertainers of Eglantine House, or the joyful servants of
She drew in a breath and studied him again, the gears working hard in her head. After a while she nodded. “All right. I’ll pass along that dossier. Don’t make me regret it.”
So Sherlock did exactly that. He roamed the city of Elua. He’d been there once, as a young boy, when his parents brought Mycroft and him there on holiday.
He gave a silent
And here Mrs. Wilkerson only offered him another smile, this one deeper, warmer. “Of course. We all have needs, Brother Watson.”
naive, only a short year ago. He had
Brother Watson:
Tacit John, tempered by grief. Sherlock’s throat constricted and refused to loosen.
Sherlock had let bloody sentiment skew his judgement. It made him no better than any of those stereotypes of doe-eyed adepts falling for the first patron that took them. Except
Occasionally they arrive too late, the surviving families of these atrocities having gathered in the garden, the candy-bowl abandoned by the door to heartless, greedy trick-or-treaters as they mourn their murdered gourds and mutilated decor.
The pain in his muscles and ligaments stirred desire like banked embers, cleared all thought save for the pure hum of pleasure. He exhaled and it came out a breathy moan.
Sherlock felt a smile quiver at the corners of his mouth. Of course he’d rest first. There was no way in Kushiel’s hell he was able to get to them in the state he was currently in.
Even if it was, what would Sherlock think of it, if he thought anything at all?
Once Sherlock was dedicated in the temple of Naamah, he didn’t waste time in seeking out his path. He certainly wouldn’t take a House as was custom, and leave his patrons to the whims of the House’s
John snorted, shaking his head. “Failed to mentioned that one. Can’t imagine why.”
Before he could finish making his excuses, however, London’s finest finally arrived on the scene. The wail of sirens overtook the noise of the street.
The sun had sunk low, casting long shadows in the orange glow of late afternoon when Sherlock woke. His head pounded and his whole body protested, stiff from the dead slumber he’d succumbed to for the last ten hours. He blinked burning eyes, somnolent disorientation floating in his brain like smog, unwilling to dissipate.
The thing that bothered Sherlock most about the house was that it felt… lifeless. Unreal. It had been stripped of nearly any sort of trace of the family that had once lived here, Irene’s family. It would have been unrealistic to expect aged finger-paintings to still be hanging on the fridge or some such nonsense, but in every aspect, the home was a bland, blank slate, kitted just so with the sort of furniture and decor to appeal to anyone and no one. Sherlock thought of
Sherlock tried not to grin too smugly as he went through the motions of making his cuppa. "You take your tea without sugar. Is that a personal preference, or a dictation from your order not  to enjoy anything?"
It would have to do.
They spilled out of the opposite end of the alley onto a bustling road across from a theatre. Smith was less than a block away.
By the time he was done, John had also gotten into his pyjamas and was pulling their armchairs back to widen the space before the fireplace. Sherlock dropped his own blanket onto the sofa and watched as John fluffed out a thick spare comforter on the floor, building a pallet.
Sherlock’s mouth went dry, his eyelids fluttered quickly, raking from Jim’s eyes to lips to hands to hips and back. There was no hiding the overwhelming
He could imagine the haze that would've overtaken her, for her to leave all the damage he'd found.
“I won’t have to,
Sherlock wanted to recoil. He wanted to vomit. And still, and
“You have the spot,” she murmured at last. “Six hundred years, and no one’s even--”
His mother shook her head. “I’m not sure. But I think we should head to London and visit the temple of Kushiel.”
John was touching him in a way he hadn’t before, and while Sherlock was slightly off-kilter about it, that didn’t mean Sherlock couldn’t enjoy the hell out of it.
party for your birthday. We’ll have the party with or without you, but it just wouldn’t be the same without the guest of honour.”
“The gods aren’t so active these days, thankfully.”
His phone was pressed to his ear, ringing down the line before he realised it.
was reduced to a sticky mess on top of him--John almost didn’t believe it was real. A tired grin stretched his mouth; he was somewhat glad Sherlock couldn’t see his face.
Then a morsel edged its way between his parted lips, and when he bit down, his tastebuds sang under shadowy, creamy dark chocolate, the brilliant dazzle of fresh strawberry. It tasted better than manna, better than ambrosia. And so they fed him, sips of water between different foods--soft, hot, greasy rotisserie chicken, firm sharp cheeses, the crisp brightness of apples and cherries, until Sherlock sagged with a different sort of lassitude.
…” his words trailed off, a fuming sob escaping him.
he thought desperately. Then, try as he might, he couldn’t think of any better plan. He was loath to bring it closer to its target, but what other proof might he have? What other way could he help make sure that Moriarty didn’t find some way to escape and detonate it remotely. If the threat was in the room and Moriarty was trapped, there had to be a better chance they’d make it out of this alive.
everything. Here was the one person who would absolutely disapprove of Sherlock's state, seeing him in all his well-used glory. It shouldn’t have been nearly as arousing as it was.
He tried not to think of the anger, the guilt, but there it was. Oddly, it made him smile. Sister Verreuil’s words came back to him, the belief the Siovalese held about the nature of never presuming to know the minds of the gods. Elua, if that wasn’t the truth he’d learned firsthand.
“You don’t have to! Have you gotten
Sherlock huffed, a tired smile twitching the corners of his mouth. “I suppose.”
Oh my goodness, how is everyone? It's been forever since I've seen all your lovely faces. I've missed you!
John raised an eyebrow at that. Where in the world was his mentor’s rambling apology going?
sorry about earlier,” John murmurs.
“Elua’s balls,” John muttered into his mobile. “Yeah, can’t say I’m surprised. We’re staring at--”
All right, no more hemming or hawing. Just... gonna... put... this... here.
. Sable briar vines twisted, climbing his spine, tipped in blood-red thorns at intervals, the shaft of an arrow. The breadth of a bow arced from shoulder to shoulder, similarly accented with the red. The dart that marked him, the bow that cast the shot.
. He’d be as good as nude.
What did he have now? Even after ten years he couldn’t escape how often he came back to this.
The attendant let out a long-suffering sigh, but said nothing. Even still, Sherlock knew her thoughts likely travelled along the line of
Despite their dangerous situation, John, listening to this conversation, found it impossible to hold back a grin.
For a moment Sherlock was unsure of what had taken place but then, as his vision cleared, he saw John bend, place the gun carefully on the floor again and stand motionless, his arms at his sides, his head bowed and his eyes fixed on the floor.
“What is it? Tell me,” John coaxed.
“Does that mean you think I’m attractive, John?”
"Ummm. About five o'clock I think. Why?"
He set down his weapon and, as he had earlier, lifted a cocooned Sherlock onto his lap.  Sherlock started nervously when he felt himself being lifted and issued a small sound.
“Um…I’m not hungry John. I…I…ate when I was out. I think I’ll just go to bed now.” He sounded strained. “But thank you. I… I’ll eat it for breakfast.” After that there was silence and John realized that Sherlock had gone straight to his bedroom. He was disappointed but relieved that at least Sherlock was home and safe. Thank God for that.
John was still humming when he met Sherlock at the door to see him off. John wasn't working that day and seeing him now, wrapped in his robe, his hair adorably askew, Sherlock very much wished he could stay home too but a case beckoned…He would come for lunch most definitely though.
Sherlock's heart clenched. Was there no limit to the cruelty in this place?
I want to acknowledge and express a grateful Thank You to Ariane DeVere for the absolutely fantastic work she has done transcribing episodes of BBC Sherlock.  It is from her work that I recovered the name of "Neilson" the CIA agent who hits Mrs. Hudson and who Sherlock consequently tosses out the window of 221b onto the dust bins more times than he can remember in "A Scandel in Belgravia".
Silence.
“Shhh… luflíc, it’s alright, it’s alright …” John glanced back at him with a whisper, trying to reassure him at the same time as dealing with the intrusion.
John, hidden and motionless behind the pallets, heard more grunts and a heavy crash.  The Sergeant, wild with rage and pain must have attacked and succeeded in unbalancing Moran and they both had fallen to the floor.  He heard Moran curse in fury and seconds later a gunshot which almost deafened him, amplified as it was in the enclosed bunker.
Sherlock blinked and opened his mouth again.  No more sound came out, but his lips began to quiver. He dropped his eyes to stare at the floor in front of John’s feet.  As John watched in dismay, a single tear trailed down his cheek to his chin where it dripped onto his coat lapel.
Dear God! On top of everything else, why would Sherlock have to be stricken now with an episode of Post-orgasmic Tristesse, of all things!
John, his anger dissolving, drew another breath and raised his eyes to the ceiling before saying, “You’re still weak.  Get some more rest and we’ll sort out what to do to fix this in the morning, alright? There is nothing we can do until you’re stronger anyway.”
John shook his head and squeezed his eyelids together trying to clear the fog that an unfamiliarly deep sleep had settled on his brain. He breathed deeply. When he opened his eyes again it was to find Blackburn’s compelling gaze still on him.  Struggling with the remnants of sleep, it was impossible for John to look away even though he wanted to; the man’s mercilessly piercing eyes seemed to be searching inside John for something...as though Blackburn was examining the torn and blackened fabric of his soul with a ruthless precision.  John was immobilized.
John was beside himself, “Forgive me, leifling! I never want to make you unhappy, nǣfre!”
“Shh, shh! It’s alright. I’m not going anywhere.” John eased the boy back down onto the bed and although he hadn’t intended to, concerned it would only frighten him further, he impulsively put out a soothing hand to stroke the boy’s forehead.
For a moment there was only a startled silence from both men until… of course, thought John, the overcoat!
As soon as he was free Sherlock reached for and enfolded John, vomit and all, into his arms. "What John? Is it bad news? We'll get through it, don't worry. Mycroft knows specialists…"
John woke late the next morning. In the kitchen, he found a note propped against the vacuum flask of hot tea informing him that Sherlock had gone out but would return by mid-morning. The initials SH were a dark swirl, as dramatic and bold as the man himself thought John with a smile.
Nothing could have calmed John faster than this perfectly trusting response. He stopped short, dragged in a ragged breath and lowered his forehead to Sherlock’s. “I’m sorry, myn déorling!” he exclaimed, almost tearfully. “I’m so sorry. I’m not used to… I’ve been so afraid…”
What little fight that remained in John after yesterday's events dissolved. Weak and sick, he closed his eyes and withdrew into himself. He had been telling the truth, he really didn't care what happened to him now.
John heard the sounds of a slight struggle which ended with a sharp abbreviated cry followed by a scream so loud it rattled the galvanized metal walls and ceiling of the bunker. This was followed by agonized gasps and tortured choking from the Sergeant and what sounded like a derisive snort from Moran.
"Mmmm, yes, starving, John. It smells delicious." What on earth?
John, trying to compose himself, studied his tea in silence for a long moment before asking, “Sherlock, are you are saying that if it is possible to do so, that you would like to change?”
John hesitated, unsure of the limits of his self-control. He’d never been tested to this extent before. But he sat down beside Sherlock on the bed and heard himself say, “Yes, of course if you want me to.”
Knowing it could have been far worse, John was cautiously optimistic.
He drew a breath and said, "Anyway, I'm sorry I shouted at you. It wasn't fair of me. You couldn't have known. And perhaps a mate who had loved him would grieve for Harvey regardless of his past actions. I know you were just being understanding and kind." His voice wobbled slightly on the last word.
The youth gave a slight nod.
Aloud, he announced "Hurry John! There's a door at the end of the hall that looks as though it leads to the river." With that he whirled and strode out the doorway and down the hall with his small burden clinging to his neck. A bemused John followed, thinking to himself that wonders never cease.
Suddenly, he lunged at John with speed and power, knocking him over, and flew to the front door, scrambling and tripping in his haste to reach it.
“Hmmmm?”  John leaned back and rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
"You aren't eating, John?"
He clearly had expensive taste in dress, John’s lips twitched without humour; the pretentious wool overcoat with the turned up collar would have rung in at at least £1000 and the designer leather shoes likely at twice that amount. The man was hardly low profile.
John hesitated and said slowly, "I'll do it".
“Yes, good Sherlock.” John soothed, “Listen to your instinct, trust it, Sherlock, your body knows what it needs and wants, stay with it, Sherlock.” Then, unable to stop himself, he so desperately wanted to comfort him; John made a slight gesture toward Sherlock, as if to approach him.
The bright light shining in his face alerted Sherlock and he began to regain consciousness. His murmuring became audible for a moment before he stopped his recitation and his eyes flickered open. John smoothed the tangled curls back from his forehead with a shaking hand and smiled down at him, anticipating recognition in Sherlock’s expression and a happy relief to match his own.
Sherlock had not let John out of his range-of-sight for a second while the obligatory police work was being completed. John sat quietly in the cathedral's narthex with a shock blanket wrapped around him; insistently put over his shoulders by Sherlock.
John had gone pale and silent. Perhaps he was surprised and no wonder, thought Sherlock, after the life he’s had up until now…
“We can’t John! I’m sorry. It’s too soon. I don’t want to hurt you. You haven’t healed yet.”
“Please just sit down, Sherlock!” said John, near the end of his tether.
John smiled.  “Well, I have to admit I’m glad to hear that Sherlock, even though it’s selfish of me…”
John looked away and then back. He said hesitantly, “Sherlock, it’s because I don’t know...” He halted, “I mean I want you to bond with me not because your body is driving you to do it, although I enjoy the knowledge of that very much, and not because you are afraid and want protection from other Alphas. I am willing to protect you always, regardless of whether we are mated or not. What I want is for you to be with me just because you love me, Sherlock. I hoped that when you were comfortable with your new identity you might start to sort those things out…”
John‘s voice was soft and his eyes shining with love and compassion. He said again, “Come to us, Sherlock.”  He drew Sherlock closer and whispered, “Look at me.”
When his ring was answered, a smooth voice greeted him with a chillingly polite good day, followed by, “I won’t waste our time, Captain Watson. What are your terms?” The voice could have as easily been ordering from the dinner menu at Claridge’s as negotiating for the life of a valuable agent.
"John, my name is Sherlock Holmes and I am a consulting detective, at present investigating the so-called chapel murders. I would like to hear about what happened in the church yesterday, when you feel well enough to tell me."
"John, please, just stop for a minute, please! I'm not sure I can handle this, I'm not used to…"
Sherlock nodded, too exhausted to speak.
“You feel well again, just frightened, not ill?” John questioned gently.
There was a silence before John heard Sherlock respond with, "Ah, December. The tenth and last month in the Roman calendar.  An excellent name."
John got out, opened the stable doors and drove the car in. Then, baggage on one shoulder, he assisted Sherlock from the car and back across the lawn to the front door of the cottage. There, with Sherlock propped up against the door jamb, he opened the door and threw his duffle into the hall. He guided Sherlock in and closed and locked the door firmly behind them.
John reached for him again, craving contact.
“No, I’m not. Why did you leave, John?”
He saw her expression but was unable to stop.  “Ten and one quarter inches. Hair blonde. Eyes likely blue and brown. Cause of death, placental abruption.” Sherlock halted with sharply indrawn breath, struggling to control his facial muscles, his eyes desperate.
“No, no, no John! Please no! Please John don’t!” he begged.
John’s eyes flew open. Sherlock’s words of the night before… they had been spoken in a whisper then and now they were even softer, but he sensed them overwhelmingly.
þu you geárest – you will pardon me?
"I was telling the truth when you asked me about it in the hospital Sherlock, I really didn't see or hear anything the entire time I was there!"
Horrified at what he’d done, Sherlock wailed, “John?! John?!”
Alert at once, John replied, "Yes, he is, I'm very lucky, he is my husband and my best friend."
Mycroft's words were cut off abruptly by a furious Sherlock. "No Mycroft!" he spat out. "You listen to me! John and I are married, he honoured me with that commitment and it wasn't easy for him! So I will not pressure him to bond with me no matter how much I may want it, or you − especially you − may want it. Of course I want to be his bonded mate, believe me I want it more than anyone, but I will not put John in the position of feeling he has to bond to please me! You will never understand, Mycroft, how much John's freedom means to him−and by extension means to me! Every morning when I wake up to find him still beside me; I know that it is because he has made a choice to be there, not because he is trapped by a bond. And that, Mycroft, means more to me than anything in this world. Now, I will say no more! There is the door. Show yourself out!"
Blackburn murmured as he slumped in John’s arms, “I suppose it’s too much to hope that that wasn’t a benzodiazepine sedation agent.” His words were slurred but his expression of regret was clear.
Sherlock nodded, “But tonight, John, would you stay with me?”  He added uncomfortably, “I mean not to…just to…just for a little while…” He halted.
“Well, ah.  Yes.”
John’s heart broke under the weight of this small omega’s pain.  He held him tightly, murmuring comfort to him and stroking his slender back.  John knew the tears were necessary and didn’t attempt to stop them.  All he could do was protect and comfort Sherlock in this time of vulnerability, ensuring his safety while he grieved.
"I know John. I know you did."
He smiled then and extended his hand to Sherlock.
He rasped hoarsely, “I’m not. I won’t. Of course not. I’d never hurt you Sherlock, never!”
Sherlock crept away from his door as silently as possible, and came back to it with louder footsteps to serve as a warning. He cleared his throat and knocked, a crisp rap against the wood.
When the hotel door closed behind them, John found himself at a complete loss. All he could do was stare at Sherlock in a way he hadn’t let himself the whole time he’d served Sherlock. It was remarkable: Sherlock was exactly the same, and yet he was
“--you understand what it means for your body to undergo unexpected physiological responses. And
. But he wasn’t angry. How could he be, if he’d always been at these crossroads?
way, and they all but said,
“Next I’m going to use this gag on you, Sherlock. This will make it harder for you to breathe--your instinct will be to breathe quickly through your mouth, and this will prevent you from doing so. If you wish to give your signale, I want you to hold up three fingers. Can you do that for me?”
Maybe the next few months will be their last for a while, but they can push that away. Just for tonight.
. “Think, pet. I know what your brother sent you to do. Surely you’ve watched the news.”
John, oh,
Ames bandaged him carefully and helped him shrug back into his button-down, a loose and dark-coloured one, before escorting him out to the lobby.
It was then that John’s resolve broke into a million pieces. He crossed the room in a few short strides, door still half-open, briefcase discarded on the floor. Sherlock had just enough time to flash him a triumphant grin before John pulled him close, leaning up and tugging Sherlock down for a kiss.
Lestrade let out a quiet hiss, rocking forward to push himself against Sherlock’s palm. Fingers threaded through Sherlock’s hair, not tight, not quite yet.
“Didn’t hear that, love,” John teased. “Speak up for me.”
“I do,” Sherlock murmured.
This is exactly what he’d sought all along: the unquestionable love for his ward he’d always prayed for.
based on an otome (a dating-sim game) called Mystic Messenger that's recently ruined my life. If you're not familiar with it, go check it out on whatever app store you use. It's free and it's just... fucking brilliant.
John, whose eyes widened before his face shuttered back to stony  neutral.
It was John, the same ferocity that lit his eyes as he’d fought those street thugs, the same confidence he exuded as he did anything in life. It was John wielding the flogger, John crowding him against a wall, a bed, a St. Andrews cross, catching Sherlock by the hair and holding him in place while he sank into him, nails scoring red lines along his shoulders, his spine.
John thought as he cleared away the remains from dinner. He refolded cartons and placed them where he could in the fridge, binned the trash, and placed the silverware into the sink. He hovered there a moment, debating doing the washing up, but decided to leave it for the next day. Surely it’d still be there. He turned for his room.
“Go on then,
Sherlock straightened, took a deep breath. Kushiel wouldn’t forgive him this third option, either, but it was still far better than his other choices. Of all the ways he thought it would happen, this was never it.
Over the course of the week, another distraction presented itself in the form of his newly appointed Cassiline guard.
A slow intake of breath hissed across the recording. “So glad you didn’t pick up, John. Was rather hoping this would go to voicemail, so I could do.. a little confessing, if I might.”
“It’s quiet in Sussex. You’d hate it here.”
Rather than asking, Wilkerson looked down at Sherlock’s groin, taking in the slight stir of interest at being bound at the wrists. He met Sherlock’s eyes, and gave a slight nod. Sherlock nodded in response.
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF ELUA CHECK THE DAMN WARNINGS. MAJOR FUCKING TWs.
John angled himself between Sherlock and the street thugs. “If anything happens, just get away as fast as you can. Don’t worry about me,” John whispered. He prayed that Sherlock heard him, that he actually obeyed the command.
Victor Trevor’s estate crept into view just as the sun was nearly sunk below the horizon. At night it was spotlit in tasteful display just short of ostentation, all white and isolated as it was from anything else nearby. The saloon’s tyres crunched on the too-neat gravel drive, and the tendrils of excitement blossomed into a riot of desire, anticipation, that raced through his blood and tangled low in his abdomen.
John sat back in the chair, utterly flummoxed. These artefacts resting in his lap--they were proof of the last man to make this impossible choice. He was not alone.
Sister Roberts chuckled softly before pressing her fingertips to her lips. “I’ll take that as a yes.” She tugged open a desk drawer, removing something that she kept concealed. She rose from her seat, extending her free hand as if she expected Sherlock to give her something. “With your permission I would like to perform a small test. Your hand, please?” When he hesitated, she added, “I promise I will explain myself to you, either way, afterward.”
Technically, tonight he was offered the chance to leave his post entirely, to go to Elua’s temple for the vigil, but John had done his best to finagle past that. Moriarty must have assumed that much and done this just to completely stymie him, all while appearing to be a gracious host.
music? Or some weird remixes of scary-movie music set to a dance beat? These things exist on Youtube, surely.
“Brother Watson,” Brother Rocaille started, “are you aware of why you have been called here today?”
Instead he opened his mouth to speak, unsure of whether Sherlock’s confession warranted reaction or equal admission. Then a single memory floated to the surface, the very beginning of his fall.
The final maneuver a Cassiline could make, killing both himself and his ward in the face of insurmountable danger.
Sherlock let out a breath and traced his fingertips in swirling loops along John’s chest. This, too, was an aspect John would have never guessed at. It was miles and leagues away from the Sherlock he’d first met, headstrong and arrogant. This Sherlock was pliable, conscientious. Affectionate.
open. “What if I want my turn, hm? I bet your whore-goddess’d like what I got.”
Sherlock swallowed, collecting himself before flashing the smile that John knew promised danger and all things
“So do all D’Angeline Roma tell this story?” John asked, leaning forward to reclaim his mug.
Eventually the heavy thunk of the tumblers unlocking heralded her return.
John glanced to Sherlock, who stared at him like he was seeing a whole new creature--and John remembered vaguely that the last time he’d gotten that exact look from him had been the last time he’d had cause to pull rank.
By the time Jim led Sherlock away, back to the relative safety of his Belstaff and the privacy of Jim’s limousine, Sherlock’s whole body was nothing but the thrum of his need pulsing through him--how any one person could stay insensible for so long, could dip that far into sub-space for a whole evening was something he might revel at later, might ponder on and study, but for now it was simply enough to exist.
Sherlock was so startled the orgasm broke free, semen oozing over his fist and onto his stomach. His eyes flew open and he just stared in bewilderment at his ceiling until his breathing regulated.
“Don’t I?” she asked. “What you’ve experienced… you have survived
de Fhirze, what his safety means to me. And what will happen if that is violated. I protect and serve.” His hands strayed, hovered over the hilts of his daggers. He certainly wouldn’t pull them out just to scare the woman, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t imply it.
, an undeniable pull more noticeable than a shepherd’s crook to the neck, in watching his ward fire off inference after leap of logic, in burning muscles and heaving lungs as they chased a criminal, in the thrill of danger and the promise of Cassiel’s clear focus should aught go awry.
The bombings. The
Truth be told, it had given him reason to consider entering temple-service when he made his
“No promises,
He took Irene in: her nails freshly done--
Sherlock was close to hyperventilating around his gag, his head shaking side to side. He tried to protest again.
Jim closed the meagre distance between them then, invading Sherlock’s space like it was his to claim, and ran a knuckle along Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock tried to relax under Jim’s gaze, the way those eyes flickered back and forth across his skin. It was impossible.
Even in the middle of utter humiliation, Sherlock’s erection didn’t flag--as much as he may have wanted it to.
After one particularly inconsolable young girl, Sherlock pulls Sally and Billy over to confer.
John cleared his throat, a faint blush colouring his cheeks. He turned a brighter smile to Emile. “We’ve been terrible hosts. We don’t see or hear from you for several months, and then suddenly you show up out in the middle of Sussex just to see us--what brings you by?”
“John, or Sherlock?” Mycroft asked by way of greeting. The slightest undertone of worry tinged his voice, imperceptible to probably anyone who wasn’t as familiar with his brother as Sherlock was.
But what Victor said next, Sherlock would never have guessed: “Now, sweetheart, let’s get you untied and more comfortable.”
The faint groan Sherlock emitted was almost lost within the beat of the music. His fingers tightened against John’s hips and it was all John could do not to think of that exact same sensation, a similar rhythm, and
His solitude was only thrown into sharp relief by the way Sherlock looked at John or else refused to do so. For a few stolen moments in their short time together, John had foolishly hoped maybe the ice had broken, that they found a way to see eye-to-eye. Now since their argument Sherlock rarely acknowledged him.
“The offerings brought in-hand are for the person bringing them. A dove, a honey-cake, laying an anemone on the altar--they are only a reminder to
He forced his eyes open, only to see John giving his statement on the far side of the crime scene. John had sheathed his daggers and allowed an officer to run his ID for the SIG.
This was--he’d never experienced anything this powerful. Not with any god, Elua forgive him, and never with another person. Yet here he was, unflinching and calm. How was it possible to feel this way, and be unafraid of it?
She crossed back over to him, slid a hand over his arse and delved between his legs to cradle his ballocks. A whimper escaped him and he rocked harder against the edge of the bed, pivoting his hips from the small of his back, where the corset held him firmly in line, to show her just the way he could move, the curve of his arse as it pumped against the duvet. Already he could feel his own cock slipping free from the lacy black panties, leaking against his stomach and her bed. His breath juddered out in gasps, the corset restricting his airflow until the lack of oxygen burned fuzzy at his edges. He squirmed as she watched him find the friction he desperately needed.
“Then you’re also likely aware of the term, ‘post-traumatic stress disorder.’”
“I would be willing to provide this service for you,” she said. “But that would likely conflict with… well. There would be personal conflict of interest.”
Sherlock nodded, and Sister Roberts rose from her chair, looped her arm through his, and led him back toward the lobby.
“I need to kiss you,” John said plainly.
want a copy!). I'll let you know more as I gather details, but be on the lookout for that! If it's something you're interested in, let me know in the comments below!
“Sir, we’ve got a lead on the Howells case--”
This time Sherlock obeyed the command; giving the gun a slight push with his foot to where Lestrade could reach it with his good arm. Lestrade grasped it firmly and replaced it in his holster.
"An autopsy?" asked John.
The social worker said, "Yes, of course", as John had expected she would. So with a casual glance back at Sherlock, who had recovered some of his composure, but not much he noted, John turned to Lestrade in an expectant manner.
John fell silent again but to Sherlock his silence seemed for the first time since he'd met him to have a meditative element rather than be simply pure, mute grief.
It was in a container near the end of the second row that he found Sherlock at last; curled up on the bottom of the container and motionless. He was naked and bloodied; bright streaks of red glistened against the whiteness of his skin in the beam of John’s torch. He held against him the torn remnants of John’s T-shirt; the one he'd been wearing when he was abducted.
Blackburn gave what sounded like a resigned sigh in the silence. “I wasn’t expecting you.” After a pause he added almost ruefully, “There’s always something.” The latter statement he seemed to mutter more to himself than to John.
Sherlock moved to sit opposite him in one of the living room chairs.
“What’s happening, love? Can you tell me?” he whispered to Sherlock.
"No, John." He spoke quietly, his heart twisting with equal amounts of frustration and pity. "Harvey has gone."
John didn't notice. He appeared perfectly at ease. In fact, he was the most relaxed that Sherlock had seen him. Giving up trying to stay focused on his research, Sherlock allowed himself to observe John. There was something different about him this evening. Sherlock was sure of it now. But what? If it could be scientifically discerned Sherlock would have known what it was, for no one was a more brilliant scientist that he. No, whatever it was it seemed to emanate from a different domain. The only clue as to the nature of it was in the impact it was having on Sherlock himself: a sensation of peacefulness, happiness, optimism…all good things, in fact, very good, but mystifying.
But even as he fell back against the sheets, Sherlock’s forehead began to furrow and his mouth twist painfully.  He winced and arched his back and at the same time pushed his buttocks down into the bed. He reached for John and said, “Please!”
They trod in silence, focusing on the sloping path under their feet. The December 24th afternoon darkened quickly. There were some stars overhead, visible between banks of heavy clouds, but not enough to provide useful light. It was difficult going.
“She’s only using you for sex, John. Just like all the other Alphas she’s enticed into fucking her of late, and I can tell you there have been many. She’s trying to make her dominatrix jealous enough to bond with her. You might want to re-think your plans for the evening. She is HPV positive after all.”
Once more helpless and heartsick, Sherlock could only hold and try to comfort John while he fought his way back to the present from reliving the anguish of losing his baby. John seemed to take comfort from Sherlock's hold; he pressed his face into Sherlock's bare shoulder as if trying to absorb his strength and struggled to control his breathing. Sherlock tried to help by stroking his back and murmuring comfort into his ear.
At this hour of the morning? It was disgusting.
Sherlock was absolutely certain he would burst if he didn’t ask Irene immediately what that little tidbit of information meant. Just one word, one name.
is, in KD, actually a Tsingani word meaning
“I swear I will punch you in the ballocks!” and so forth from the big one.
Beside him, John flew backward with a cry.
It became his mantra in those three minutes while his tea steeped. But then his tea was ready and John gave up on his thoughts to relax into that first sip, the only time he allowed himself to think of home or the many mugs of tea after his morning training in the temple. Things like tea weren’t guarded then as precious stolen moments of reprieve in a foreign land, and the ache it brought was bittersweet.
“How good are your acting skills?” Sherlock’s hands shoved into his trouser pockets, and the ramrod-straightness of his spine was all the clue John needed: Sherlock was preparing to wheedle him into something.
More than once, Sherlock found himself face-down in his cot, cursing himself that he’d been too stupid for Shemhazai to show him, for Naamah to encourage: he loved John Watson.
“Moriarty!” Apollinaire exclaimed. “That man--fascinating and dangerous. You’d do well to stay away from him--”
# # # # #
Sherlock nodded, and would have been more nervous about his suggestion, were it not for the way mischief animated John’s expression, a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it flash of trouble.
“John--do you not see what kind of farce--”
Round eyes, irises like liquid amber, peered at him through the half-mask Naamah’s clergy wore.
But his prayers went unheard, and somewhere in the distance he heard laughter, warm as the sun. Damned Elua!
So Sherlock wasn’t in trouble.
“Sally--” Lestrade’s tone was a warning, plain and clear.
Jim stepped back into Sherlock’s space until they were chest-to-chest. “Just remember,” he murmured, tilting his head up to ghost his lips along Sherlock’s jaw. “If you’re patient, Daddy will reward you. I know just--” his hand slid down to cup Sherlock again, “--what to give you.”
Sherlock fought the wave of terror that came at the prospect of spending a year or more in near-total isolation that way.
The date of the assignation was set for a week after the fète. As the day drew closer, Sherlock found the anticipation unendurable, and spent most of his time defraying that by pestering both Irene and his brother, who saw fit for the first time in years to contact him, offering his congratulations at Sherlock's new appointment.
Emile had been right in ways he could never have guessed.
Sherlock did the same, a long moment drawing out. When he glanced over to John again, his lips twisted into a smirk. “I propose a compromise.”
Sherlock loosed a gasp like a plea, drawn so taut he was certain it wouldn’t take much more to make him finish right there, to his eternal humiliation.
Were the two connected?
“Less clothes,” John muttered, his lower lip still caught between Sherlock’s teeth. “Please, Sherlock. Less clothes.”
"Have a look in the mirror, love. Tell me what you think."
The dominating character slid back over Victor's features, his jaw set firm, his chin aloft. “You will not move. You will not make a noise unless it’s to use your signale or else tell me why Irene sent you. If you do well, I’ll give you a little reward.”
Sister Molly was not dissuaded so easily. She caught up with him in the main foyer, and the look on her face landed sharp as a blow.
Heat raced through John, diving low and twisting deep in him. There was no hiding his arousal, not through thin, loose pyjama pants. He fought the new instinct to press Sherlock to the bed and rut--he knew Sherlock was right. They had to proceed with care.
So that was her real game, Sherlock thought. She wanted to see how far she could push him, to test the bounds of his sexual flexibility.
Surely his was for show. He wouldn’t be duped again.
Another paroxysm rattled him, wrenching another animal-like noise loose from him.
When the books didn’t fall, he let out a breath of thanks and kept moving.
He was lucky he’d rolled away to face the backside of the sofa as his half-asleep state led him to play out the natural trail his thoughts meandered down, the one where he got to ask John for what he really wanted: a kiss. It was simple. If it led to more, fantastic. If it was all he’d ever get, it would suffice.
did this for me.” She ran her fingers along the lacing in the back, inspecting her gift.
“Take me all the way into your mouth. As much as you can.” Lestrade shifted, pressing a shin between Sherlock’s thighs.
It was close enough to the truth, and John was grateful he didn’t have to scrabble for a lie.
“I love you,” John breathed, his body suddenly too small to contain the magnitude within him.
are we doing, Sherlock?” John hissed as Sherlock picked the lock and disabled the alarm.
“John,” Sherlock said. “Wait. Come here.”
“Yeah, no problem,” he heard himself saying. “You’re right.”
Sherlock snatched the phone from John’s hand, in time to catch Lestrade’s gravelly voice, “--we just got the call in ourselves. I just went behind my superiors’ backs to tell you this, John.”
Sherlock fought to keep the frown from his face. His adventures? Did Jim mean his other patrons? Or--was it Sherlock’s secondary hobby, working with the police? To be fair, that did put him in a sort of danger that few servants of Naamah would ever face, but surely Jim of all people would understand the thrill of the chase. Jim had as good as turned Amelia Chamberlain in, after all.
. “I was rather hoping we’d both be winning, by the end of tonight--”
what he wanted to ask, what he needed to ask, but this--all this had been so sudden. He was a man who thought quickly in battle, not so much in matters of the heart.
His eyes, starved for new stimuli, drank in his surroundings until his brain whirred at full speed.
an escape for government officials.
It didn’t matter that Sherlock and he had been legally cleared thanks to Mycroft. Nor that he’d been an integral part of capturing a terrorist. As soon as he was released from the hospital, he’d been given summons to the head temple in Paris, the City of Elua.
Sherlock groaned, but managed real words. “Call me stupid, then, if you like. It would have been courage, had it worked.”
Sherlock looked up from his textbook as the subtle flowery notes of her perfume mingled with the sharp, spicy scent of the man accompanying her as they entered.
It was what had prompted Cassiel, after all.
John lifted an eyebrow. “And?”
Sherlock grinned--if the bloody-minded Cassiline wanted to remain within arm’s reach, so be it. He’d have to deal with every last noise that came muffled through the door. He leveled his gaze at John as he said, “Regina, he is oath-sworn to protect me. I can leave him posted outside the door, it will be perfectly fine. It was in my contract.”
“Valerian, right. We should be able to check into their records, see if there were any assault charges against Ms. Howells here and go from there.”
Lestrade jerked his head toward the body in the centre of all those lights. “Just take a look. I think it may be.”
“It’s simply unheard of,” Irene fussed, scowling into her glass of pinot two weeks later. “Investigating--there’s no possible way a Servant of Naamah could--.”
And then Sherlock dropped low again, and this time he took his bloody time grinding back against John.
The next morning Sherlock woke to find he’d fallen asleep at the table, forehead drooped to rest on his forearm amidst all the sample vials of his experimental colognes. The different floral scents invaded his head first, soft and pungent, rounded out with another, lighter scent he couldn’t place. Something so familiar it should be obvious. Something he’d smelled his whole life. Why couldn’t he place it? Head pounding, neck aching, he squeezed his eyes shut harder. Whatever the new scent was, it might be the missing element in those colognes, unless his head was just that thoroughly done in from smelling them the whole time he’d slept.
John closed his eyes as the noises continued, unable to block the images that sprang readily to mind. Sherlock dressed as he had been in the kitchen three mornings prior, only now he’d been knocked to his knees, making this desperate keening sound as someone did with him as they pleased. It was enough to spear John with a rush of--
, as John pressed a kiss there. “You’re right about that. When you’re here with me, you’re for my eyes only. I’m willing to share you, but not when we’re alone.”
Sherlock nodded, unable to trust his voice.
Three things...
Sherlock, despite the little gutter of warmth he’d felt only minutes before, shot him a wilting glare. “Obviously.”
1.) John was able to find Sherlock thanks to some help from Sister Roberts and a shady organisation called the Unseen Guild.
heard, then.
Sally clenched her jaw, her eyes darting between Sherlock and her superior officer. She huffed once and turned on her heel, stalking off.
“I have never seen record or reference to a male pricked by Kushiel’s dart, but I don’t suppose it’s impossible. Was your reaction--arousal--typical?” Her tone, clinical and impersonal, was somewhat comforting.
Life had been wonderful, if only for a few short months. Better than Frédérique had ever hoped it could be, right until a couple darkened his door: a Mme. Carver and her foster-brother, a slight, dark-haired man who never shared his name.
Sherlock sagged against her, languishing in the aftermath of his strain, the burn still throbbing, her cool palm sliding against his skin.
He turned his attention back to Irene. If she’d caught the minute exchange between Sherlock and his guard (of course she did), she didn’t let on. Even still, Sherlock frowned at her. “But what connection does he have with the Chamberlains?” This felt
Sherlock thought, and held up a finger to John.
trouble, but if there was one thing he knew Sherlock liked, it was puzzles. Especially ones where the answer couldn’t be nearly as it seemed.
“I--I need,” Sherlock says, chest and cheek and palms pressed to sheet, arse thrusting fitfully back against John’s hips. “Please--”
Sherlock thought,
what our Lord Cassiel called us to do.”
The bloody slash, so similar to Elua’s, the way the crimson smeared bright against the apple.
It was half-eleven and Irene still hadn’t bothered to get dressed; she lay stretched on a settee in the lounge, wrapped in one of her silk robes, her head in Kate’s lap. Kate looked up as they entered, offering John and Sherlock a lazy smile as she brushed her fingers through Irene’s hair.
Elua would not bless John with the deep, name-defying love that transcended the flesh.
“I care about all of them,” he snapped. “Now shut up.”
He cupped John’s jaw in his palms and kissed him delicately. John was sure the sweetness of it would make his heart burst.
Jim’s hand slid along one forearm, drawing it forward, and Sherlock knew to follow suit with his other arm, offering both wrists to Jim, the most simple and visible symbol of his will. The velvet lead slithered around his flesh, tightened nearly too-tight. Sherlock gasped, desire skyrocketing again. Accomplished, Jim tugged him forward again, seven steps forward and five angling to the left, to the centre of the room.
He knew his answer. He stumbled upon it on La Poveglia, and declared it to the tribunal here in Paris. Sherlock…  He had known, even then, that a life without Sherlock was meaningless. Sherlock was worth more than his own soul. Sherlock was true north, and John would surrender to that wholly.
# # # # #
John nods, and wonders for the seventh time that night what Greg’s costume will be.
As he turned to go, Sherlock caught him by the arm, his grasp like a brand on John’s bicep. “John, wait--” he looked as startled as John had felt a moment before, glancing down at his hand on John before meeting his eye, blinking quickly away. “Wait.”
The muscle in John’s jaw clenched. He remained silent.
It wasn’t until he was halfway across the street that his phone pinged loudly in his pocket. He bit back a smile, knowing with near certainty who’d texted him. Safely across the street, he slid the phone free and glanced at the screen. Not a text, then, but a missed call. And a voice message.
“Staying here while--”
“What is this?” he heard himself asking, uncurling from his position on the couch to turn his full attention to John, who was currently bending and twisting, stretching various muscle groups. Damn, but that had been a redundant question. “You’re warming up--warming up for what, exactly?”
It had been embarrassing enough to call him Daddy the two times they’d been alone.
But that didn’t make sense, he’d already met--
He does not understand how the days get warmer, how spring encroaches. It is unfathomable.
And as her bucking went from fast to arrhythmic, to erratic, as her eyes squeezed shut in concentration and flew blindly open, she finally hit that high note Sherlock had hoped for--her whole body caved in on itself, wrung tight. A gush of fluid, then, dripping from his fingers and palm, sliding across her thighs and puddling below her on the duvet.
John’s phone chimed from his nightstand. “If you’ll excuse me.”
# # # # #
The door swung open. Sherlock and Moriarty barrelled into the hallway--Sherlock dazed and Moriarty thunderous. Then Moriarty
“Hope I didn’t startle you,” John lied conversationally.
John jerked up to frisk Sherlock, desperate to prove his ward was unharmed. Sherlock rolled his eyes and pushed him off. John fell back, the relief so strong it nearly buckled his knees.
Sherlock smiled to himself, absolutely certain of where to go next. He’d heard the idea of topping from the bottom, but never the reverse. And yet here he was.
“Did the gas go out, then? It’s going to be miserable.”
doesn’t do anything by halves, does he?”
# # # # #
“I mean--I--” He wanted to take it back, but that was it. Sherlock knew his dirty secret, the first of a few.
“Torturous,” Jim breathed. He’d slipped back into the room and made no attempt to hide the way he gaped at Sherlock. “Tonight will be absolutely torturous for me. Do you know that?” Then he loosed a little titter. “Of course you do. I should send my girl out right now and do something about--”
“Not at all. Just thought I’d do something a little different this morning.” John sipped his tea, allowing his eyes to linger over Sherlock’s frame, his face.
John had no idea intimacy could be like this--he knew enough to know about the heat and friction, desperate and emphatic. John chuckled as he collapsed back onto the bed, his heart full to the point of giddiness, and he wondered at feeling that as imperatively as the desire that held him in its clutches. It made him think of ever-smiling Elua, and his message to
“I’ll say,” Ames interjected, and Sherlock could very well
made the call that his ward came above all else. How in Elua’s name does that condemn him to allegations like this? Those emails have been called into reasonable question, and he’s proven a hundredfold his primary concern is doing
“Are you always so serious?” Sister Roberts asked, and he realised he'd been frowning in thought.
Behind it lay that desperate hunger, that thirst for something greater. It yawned in his chest like the distance between stars, impossible to traverse. John had the feeling that would never abate.
“Are you ready, then?” Lestrade asked, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s. “Such gorgeous eyes.”
“So the freak does know how to follow orders.”
Every heartbeat was a mallet against the inside of his head. It wasn’t like the powerful clamour of bronze drums, that sacred noise that filled his ears sometimes, as Kushiel’s chosen. It wasn’t the wild thunder of the surf, a memory from La Poveglia he knew he’d carry to the end of his days. No. It was merely the excruciating punishment his body meted out for his rash actions.
They shook hands in the foyer before Edward slipped back toward his office, leaving Sherlock alone with John and the receptionist, a dry-witted young assistant named Ari wearing a ridiculously distracting scarf.
He said, "But that isn't your real name, right?"
"Greg, please. A pleasure to meet you. I'm an old friend of your bad-tempered body guard here." He lifted a thumb in Sherlock's direction.
John smiled with pleasure and allowed his adoring husband to hand-feed him the wontons. One thing led to another and before long the wontons were being alternated with kisses and not long after that, they were set down on the coffee table and forgotten all together.
Before long John fell asleep, his body still weak from trauma. Sherlock moved to set him in bed again but before he did, hardly aware he was doing so; he drew John closer, dipped his head and breathed in his fresh scent, now stronger and reassuringly mingled with Sherlock's own scent from his borrowed t-shirt and pyjamas. How appealing John's scent was!
lacu – stream, pool, pond
Observing these symptoms, all doubt left John’s mind. He didn’t know how it could be, but he was now certain that Blackburn was suffering from an overdose of benzodiazepine. He reached for his medical bag. “It’s going to be alright,” he assured Blackburn quietly, “I’m here to take care of you so I want you to trust me and cooperate.  You are going to be fine but we will have to work together on it.” He smoothed the damp curls back from Blackburn’s forehead. “Now, I’m going to give you an injection, alright?”
Sherlock looked down at their hands, still linked firmly together. "John, I can tell you something about me. You might be interested…" He looked up to gauge John's reaction. John was still not willing to make eye contact but he nodded.
"I take that as a challenge John, so I will try even harder." Sherlock winked at John then sobered. "I treat you like the most important person in the world, John, because you are. You and the babies together. You are my world John. It used to be different before you came into my life but now there's only you and I wouldn't have it any other way."
Warning: reference to sexual violence and abuse.
Sherlock blushed awkwardly and looked away before turning back to meet John’s eyes. “You are teasing me, aren’t you John?” he asked cautiously.
John must have dozed off close to dawn for his next awareness was of being startled awake by sharp rapping on the outer door of his quarters.
He stopped to let the idea sink in before continuing, “Frankly, Mycroft is not my concern, like I say; he’s a grown man who refuses to take responsibility for the harm he causes.  But I do want you to be free of him, out of his control, and understanding the fear that drives his behaviour might help you.  My second idea is that for now, would you like me to speak to him? To request on your behalf that he stay away from us for an indefinite period of time? If I approach him, I think he will listen to me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock huffed in an irritated manner, still on-edge.
Then Sherlock's knees buckled. John was pressing eager kisses onto his face and mouth, seemingly unaware of what he was offering; his kisses unconscious, fresh, innocent even and they set Sherlock alight like dry tinder. And dear God, this was alarming: Sherlock was taking enough Alpha suppressants to take down an elephant and yet John's kisses were setting his blood on fire…he panicked.
Steady rain thundered on the roof of the cab that took them back to
“What does it matter?” Dominique interjected. “What’s done is done. Americans and Germans alike are beginning to fear their D’Angeline population.”
Even with the anticipation of his assignation with Amelia and Jim looming ahead of him, Sherlock couldn’t lose track of the unfolding case. He needed that list of House-patrons. The murders, the bombings, these were linked somehow, if only he could find the right connections. He was torn: he suspected Victor was somehow involved, which would make the whole witch-hunt a lot neater to wrap up, faster to deal with. But the part of Sherlock that held the memory of his first assignation genuinely hoped the evidence was wrong.
Mrs. Hudson smiled softly and pulled her hand away from the mark on the doorframe. She turned, and patted his shoulder. “More than likely, love.”
Still, he refused to abandon his post--not now, not when Sherlock needed him more than the brilliant bastard knew.
One lie was as good as another, wasn't it?
The sight alone--ah, Elua!--it made Sherlock dizzy to watch as John bobbed, lips stretched around his cock. Then John slipped one hand down to press against Sherlock’s perineum while the other groped blindly for his abandoned trousers nearby.
Sherlock shifts, and pulls something from his pocket, unscrewing it before handing it to John. It is an old hip flask, warmed from the heat of Sherlock’s body. Even still, John knows what's in it before he takes a sip, and can’t decide if he wants to laugh or cry. The noise that escapes him is a  little of both.
As their hired car pulled up to the kerb, Sherlock lost himself in thought. Why would an accountant with the National Treasury be keeping tabs on the head of a French bank, and what did Irene want with that information?
“May I?” Sherlock asked, his fingers toying with the buttons of her shirt.
John looked up when Sherlock entered, the familiar pinched quality returning to his face as he took in the sight of Sherlock, flushed to glowing with the efforts of his calling. Then John's eyes cut back over to Ms. Wilkerson, flashed her a smile that indicated he was quite ready to leave. “Thank you for the tea, Ms. Wilkerson.”
Mr. Ames’s needles were sharp, indeed, and the sprawling burn coalescing until it consumed his consciousness, that limned his upper back as the ink spread across his shoulders to illustrate the bow, the point tipping the knob at the base of his neck, had him squirming unrepentantly.
Whomever it was had only shot Irene and Kate only once each, a clear assassination.
Were it not for the night’s exertions, he could’ve ignored it. But Naamah’s grace demanded much from the
John tugged at the plain twine that tied it together, unfolded the brown wrapping paper with an odd reverence. He lifted the lid to find that inside, nestled in soft green cloth the colour of a summer meadow, lay a shining pair of daggers in impossibly old leather sheaths. Beneath that were a pair of vambraces, equally as ancient and far more ornate than anything John had ever seen. Intricate designs were tooled into the leather, along with the scars of long-ago battles. They gleamed with warmth, oils having been freshly rubbed in to condition them.
“Why not?” he asked, scrambling for an answer. “I believe you are likely hungry, and if I can’t offer you a decent meal, you’ll just go home and continue living off beans and toast. I’ll need you in better condition than that, if I am to expect you to guard my person.”
Sherlock could be strapped to a post, whipped until his skin split. Would he be foolish enough to withhold his
The core of him, that hardest, most un-Cassiline part of him wanted nothing more than to skewer Jim Moriarty unprovoked, but he knew he’d never be able to do it. Not without just cause, and being an arrogant viper wasn’t enough. Not when Moriarty was such a well-vetted member of the Knight's Doorstep community, not when he was a personal friend to Irene and the Kushiel-damned stars in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Ah, William, you have questions. Come back when you’re not on Naamah’s business and I’ll explain it better, eh,
The same woman welcomed him into the small, sophisticated parlour, her calculating smile and modest attire suggesting she was likely Ms. Adler’s personal assistant.
He pushed the thought away; it was no good wishing to be what he wasn’t. He merely had to struggle onward through what promised to be a terse, awkward dinner.
John let out a deep, irritated breath. He offered up a smile that almost looked more like a threat. “Go to bed. We’ve a long day tomorrow.”
John chewed his lip, thinking of the terror in the days leading up to going to La Poveglia. He knew it would be years before he forgot the grim determination to walk into certain death for Sherlock there on an island swarming with enemies who wouldn’t hesitate to kill him, all on the off chance that Sherlock was even alive.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson?”
# # # # #
But that was true, wasn’t it?
The music drifted on until the melody sank into the song’s fields, until it rose with the stars of its descending night, as sweet as honey and as barbed as a bee. The final note drew out, held John frozen in place. And then silence.
# # # # #
Where had Elua’s blessings been, the night his parents’ car crashed? Where had they been, when John’s only options were his drunk older sister, foster parents, or Cassiel’s care?
And so, stomach full and body heavy, Sherlock found sleep between the sun and the moon, anchored in place by their irresistible gravity.
When he pushed down John’s pants and finally,
Kneeling between the two, Sherlock could feel their difference near-viscerally; Wilkerson, for all his exacting rigour and meticulous scrutiny, was nowhere near as socially adept as Jim. His meagre attractiveness fell away entirely, plain and dim when placed side-by-side with the last remaining scion of Kushiel’s lineage, who outshone him like the moon outshines a distant star.
She looked back up to Sherlock, her voice strained. “I--I apologise. I will have to cut our visit short--but I’ll leave your payment and your gift with Mal. Please don’t think poorly of me--”
“You have good news for me, I hear?” Sherlock asked, tilting his chin up. He refused to meet Irene’s gaze, to let her know just how much Jim affected him.
The Wilkerson kitchen was certainly posh enough, all gleaming tile and stainless steel.
His chest ached. The knowledge that John had died--died defending Sherlock from his own desires, if he were honest with himself--it crushed him like the weight of the sea. If he thought about that long enough, it would drown him.
“I just wanted--” his words broke off, his lips pursed around an admission.
At this point the silence had stretched on, punctuated by those damned swishing cars. Sherlock scrambled to remember Victor had said last.
It was a cruel fate the gods had chosen. Every moment, every choice, every breath led to this inescapable crossroad. A sunrise, a sunset, the forever twilit North, and Cassiel at his back, urging him to choose.
Sherlock would likely be in there. Irene had him on waitstaff-duty, after all.
. Do you agree?”
3.) Love-Note to Anyone Who's Read the Books:
“John?”
there was a single one on his worktop.
John leaned up and kissed his cheek, then said wryly, “Eventually I’ll find something to surprise you with.”
Brother Vincent had written.
John laughed, and the sound of it swept the shadows in Sherlock’s thoughts further away. John revealed his other hand, which had been hidden behind his back--and offered Sherlock a small wild rose, pink and fully bloomed. He held Sherlock’s gaze as he pushed it through and secured it at the buttonhole on the lapel of Sherlock’s blazer. It was silly, and it should’ve embarrassed Sherlock into his grave on the spot, but it made his heart swell instead. Elua’s blessings were unlike anything he’d ever expected.
an assignation, and worse, it had happened on Jim’s dime.
Home was safe. At home, John could run through his prayers or his exercises when the noise in his head became too much. He could hide in his room. He didn’t have to face the people he was forced to live with and serve.
No, the John he’d come to know since July had been...lovely.
John, alive, against every odd, alive and proving his devotion--if this wasn’t real then it was the most hateful thing--Sherlock would surely die--or maybe this was Sherlock’s dying dream, his final thoughts before Kushiel’s mercy at last pulled him under.
Oddest of all, those vulnerable moments had taken him more and more frequently to the memory of John’s voice as he brushed that appaloosa in Helen’s stable, of their rare companionable silences. He had no idea what to do with John--the idiot who knocked him off his rails, a stubborn prig who piqued his anger and whose smile was so rare that earning it felt like drawing down the moon with a tattered length of yarn. In another lifetime, they might have been friends.
He recalled his mediation from that and every vigil he’d served, each
of unescorted servants come here to mingle. I’ll text you to join me just as soon as I can. Trust me on this.”
Cassiel’s road was a long and lonely one.
“Hey!” a voice called from far off, and John spun around to see the silhouette of old Mr. Pritchard, his single-barrel .12 gauge broken open and resting across the crook of his elbow. “Hey there!”
, Sherlock thought. It was such a small, innocuous phrase, to cover so much.
Just then a member of the house staff opened the door to greet them. Sherlock smoothed his annoyance from his face, his body already slipping into the loose-jointed grace he’d been taught, designed to inspire from every angle the desire that made the servants of Naamah so notorious. He flashed John a calm, mischievous smile, already caught in the riptide of his calling.
Somehow John crossed the room before Sherlock could register; he wedged himself between Amelia and Sherlock, a vambraced forearm at her neck, barring her progress. He was close enough that Sherlock could feel the heat from John’s back, the faintest whiff of apples drifting in like a peripheral stimulus, unessential.
“I only needed to clear my head, and I’ve done that.”
“I can’t believe you,” John hissed as the taxi let them off at a condemned townhouse cordoned off with crime scene tape. “What is this supposed to be?”
Sherlock didn’t have to be told twice.
“What is it?” John calls, as twin thoughts occur to him. The first is,
Irene shrugged. “I’m not sure. I know he was shy of bankruptcy only a year ago. But now? There’s no way he could’ve invested or even shimmied his way into the pants of someone willing to make him a kept man. So I’d say that yes, he does visit the Houses far more frequently than he ought these days. Why?”
Sherlock hated it. He hated that John could be so damned hung up on something so essential to him. He hated himself for wanting that approval so much--even more than he wanted the warm regard of a former patron.
The low growl Sherlock made went straight to John’s cock, and he rolled his hips up again. Sherlock arched to meet him in it before sitting up. They parted long enough to finish stripping, and when they got down to their pants, Sherlock hooked his thumbs into the waist of his own boxer briefs, stretching them just so.
Warm brown eyes snared his gaze and Victor shifted, brushed his lips against Sherlock's. “I can’t tell you how pleased I am to hear that.”
John blinked, somewhat surprised. Was that a compliment without any sarcasm?
. You insult me. We could do such wonderful things--”
Sebastian Wilkes had been a regular, but never one Cecily would name her favourite. She’d as like press a lover’s token into his palm as she’d ever seek out his company, once her
If he had Sherlock’s temerity, he could overwrite that data with the scent of earth, the texture of another cloth--not that fucking blanket. He could memorize the amount in parts-per-millionth of brine in a single cubic inch of sea-water, and maybe that would erase the number of beeps before the final heart monitor flatline.
“Hmm?” He lifted the bottle of Drān-o before turning to face her.
John sidestepped, his face a rictus of silent scowl. He waved his hand in the general vicinity of the teapot as if to say, "All yours," in the most snide way possible.
He flashed a glance, just once, at Ames as he lowered himself back onto the table, mindful of his predicament as he shifted to arrange himself as comfortably as he could. Ames hadn't said a word, frozen with slightly raised brows, his lips drawn apart as if to say something but unsure as to what.
That had to be the reason John was doing this now. It explained this, the light grazes, all of it. For all John knew, that’s all it would be. Sherlock took pride in his poker face, after all.
)... From here out they'll be updated a little more logically. I'm aiming to have Sherlock chapters up on Wednesdays and John chapters up on Sundays.
With a terrified whimper, Meth-Teeth scrambled back from where he rose. He turned and fled, trainers pounding the pavement.
She slapped his arse hard. “Good. Now--now close your legs.”
, he forced himself to think.
But rather than offer a rebuttal, Sherlock merely lifts his free hand to John’s shoulder, gives it one firm squeeze, and drops it back down to the gear shifter, never taking his eyes from the road.
John’s hand had found its own rhythm against his soft flannel pyjamas. He hated himself, hated his fickle body and its betrayal. He hated how good it felt.
John frowned at that little
John nodded his “Be back in a fews” at the nurses as he passed them and stepped out into the watery sunshine. Christ, it felt good just to get out of that building, sometimes.
Then Sally punched Sherlock, a glancing blow off the cheekbone. John was relieved she did it for him.
John went red-faced but ignored his comment, only replying with, “I am bound in service. I go where I am led.”
world and every waking thought.”
A frisson ran through John. His fate rested in the hands of these people. They were strangers, and his second family. The arms that held him close, in their way, when his family had died.
Beneath the covered perimeter that surrounded the open space where Elua’s statue stood, John toed off his boots, stashed them into a cubby designed for such a purpose.
“What, no hello kiss?” Jim drew closer, and the guard slid the door shut behind.
Sherlock swallows again, his eyes dancing along the stalks of lavender, lingering on the grass like he’s counting every blade. “I don’t pretend to know the challenges we’re facing--I know there’s no replacing what you’ve lost. And you need time. Just let me stay here by your side. That would be enough.”
“May I take you clothes off?” Sherlock’s voice was gravel, low and husky, and John felt the vibration of it all the way down to his toes. He nodded abruptly, unable to find his voice, and began to help Sherlock pull his T-shirt over his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then why will you not go with me into the next world, the world beyond this one when our time here is over? Why will our mating end? I do not want to be without you. Do you not mate forever, Ælfric?” Sherlock’s eyes were tragic.
"I'm not afraid, Sherlock."
Another three blocks into the chase and to John’s further alarm, two more Alphas had joined the first two. They were running together so they were obviously known to each other. They had probably coordinated with their mobiles. So this was to be a gang-rape then; recreation not procreation, John thought grimly. John couldn’t afford to hold back now, so he began to sprint. He was getting closer, but was still not close enough.
Sherlock, who had seen and heard a lot of ugly things during the course of his work, nevertheless felt his heart and stomach wrench at Harvey's brutal treatment of the fragile man in the bed.
They exited the flat together, emerging onto a still and silent Baker Street and set off in the direction of the cathedral. Unusual for London, the night was clear and a distant moon was visible. Their breath formed silver clouds in the darkness, matching the ghostly rime of frost clinging to the iron railings that lined the pavement.
But no! Weak pulse, shallow breaths… Not dead!
John was sick again as Sherlock pulled his phone out and barked into it for Mycroft to send his doctor to the flat right away and to forget whatever bloody election he was meddling with!
Sherlock's voice turned to pure ice, "Harvey was killed because he was very good at pretending that he was a close and loving husband to John; the man was 'hoist with his own petard'."
Sherlock sat up unsteadily but determinedly. His voice, as hard and cold as his eyes, followed John. “You may be correct on the friends point.  As for the rest of it, Doctor, you are mistaken!  I assure you I am an amateur at nothing I do; chemistry, detection or otherwise.” He paused.  “Which is more than I can say for your clumsy efforts at kidnapping and incapacitating me! And…” He added coldly, “And it’s quite obvious that you fall short in the friends department yourself!”
Before John could question why he was there, the man, whose badge indicated he was a sergeant, spoke, his voice surly, “We found this pretty piece on patrol.  The Major said to give it to you.  It’s a reward, for saving his butt-boy, Matheson. Moran always liked a bit of fun.  Major reckoned you’d be the same. If you can make him sing, so much the better.” With that he raised an arm, lifting a small figure by the back of the neck, displaying it to John and grinning unpleasantly with blackened teeth.
Extensive research had already been conducted on Blackburn, presumably by the parties who had failed to apprehend him up to this point. Obviously the man was extremely intelligent and wary to have eluded capture for more than three months, the length of time they’d been trying to intercept him. John’s expression was grim when he finally rose from his seat and made his way to the basement of the building and to his assigned equipment locker. Blackburn’s hard work and dedication to the cause of terror, pain and death would come to an end tonight.
They had been walking for a half hour or so, the damp cold chilling them to their bones, when John asked, "Sherlock, are you sure you don't want me to carry December?" He added, "You know it isn't good for your back to carry a solid weight for too long."
John spoke, his voice shaking. "Father Stansell or Timothy did this? Took my son's life!?"
“Nō. Be still, Ælfscíene.” John ordered firmly.  “Do not fight me.”
So Sherlock continued, although noticeably reluctantly now, "The only reasonable conclusion one can draw from this is that either one of the ambulance crew, Timothy the curate or Father Stansell himself brought the letter. I immediately ruled out the ECAs and the paramedics; the random nature of emergency call-outs makes the possibility that one of them is the murderer extremely low."
Moving at a pace slow enough for him to manage, John guided Sherlock out of the lay-by and to the main road. He wasn’t concerned about the carnage they left behind; he knew Mycroft would ensure that nothing would be attributed to them. It was unfortunate that Mycroft would learn of his younger brother’s new Omega status in this manner, but there was nothing to be done about it.
Sherlock nodded but his eyes filled with tears.  John’s chest tightened and he bent swiftly to press a soft kiss at the corner of each eye.  Then, unable to help it, he pressed his lips lightly on Sherlock’s, just a fleeting brush. “Ic déore þē,” he murmured before turning resolutely to leave the bedroom.
Glossery:
Then John heard Moran say in a false croon, “Too late. I know how to deal with the likes of you!  Open your trousers! Do it, or I’ll slice your throat open, now!”
The jolt of arousal that shot through Sherlock at this action caught him off-guard. “Jesus, John!” He fell back against the fridge with a crash, upsetting the rack of beakers stored there onto the floor. But John appeared not to notice Sherlock’s startled reaction, he pressed his body against Sherlock, squeezing with his legs and panting lightly in Sherlock’s ear, lost in the delicious sensations of his own body. They were both in T-shirts and pyjamas and Sherlock could feel every line and curve of John’s body against his and John’s delicious scent was like a siren’s maddening song in his head.
Sherlock seemed about to argue but after giving John a searching look, nodded his head abruptly. He turned to the cupboard and reached for the winter jacket that he had purchased for John and assisted him into it, lifting its thick collar up around John's neck. He then pressed a pair of gloves into John's hand before pulling on his own overcoat and wrapping a scarf around his neck.
Sherlock’s eyes filled with tears at this assertion and when he responded, his words tore at John’s heart.  “Why do you not let me die, Ælfric?  I am a danger to you.”
Mycroft has not been told that the babies are twin girls. lol
John did not leave Blackburn’s side for the remainder of the morning. And as he worked to save the life of his patient an unmistakable transformation overcame him.  The bitterness of defeat in battle and the impotent rage of a wounded warrior that had been so evident in his face, just the day before, disappeared. Left in its place was the vision of a brilliant physician, a rare being gifted with the ability to inspire healing in the human body and mind.
He waited for John to quiet.  “You couldn’t be more mistaken about me – well, alright, you are correct that I’m magnificent and intelligent, I’ll give you that,” he said, trying to make John smile, “− but…on the children point, you must allow me to decide for myself and I assure you that it doesn’t matter to me.  Look at me and you’ll see it true.”  He sought John’s eyes.  “And I don’t mean I don’t like children, I do, frankly more than a lot of adults I meet, so if you want a child someday John, I’m very willing to consider other options.”
With that, even before he had finished his sentence, Sherlock was out of his chair and half-way across the room toward the stairs in his haste to check on John.
Sherlock, still glaring, faced him for a moment longer but then turned and went to John, his demeanour altering as he went so that by the time he reached the smaller man he was moving slowly and calmly. Shielding John from Lestrade's direct view, he bent and murmured something near John's ear. John visibly relaxed, closing his eyes and inclining his head to one side in what was perhaps an unconscious plea for more reassurance. Sherlock stilled close to him before straightening and putting a light hand on his arm.
As he sat, the minutes ticking by, Sherlock again felt that sense of deep contentment he was starting to expect in the proximity of John; the flat was quiet and dim, warm from the fire, and John was safe in his arms…and what was his sweet scent? Sherlock breathed deeply. Fresh honey. Or was it vanilla? Actually, maybe it was more like sugar-sweetened chamomile tea…so light, so pure. And compelling. Once more he had the strong urge to bury his nose between John's neck and his shoulder and just breathe him in. But he shouldn't, he thought, if John woke it would probably frighten him, so it was best not to do it…still, Sherlock wanted to very much.
He added dismissively, "Harvey was a relatively easy target; he had personal security but not only was he in the midst of moving, yet again, and thus somewhat exposed, he wasn't expecting a threat from the direction it came."
Tired from a fruitless day of searching the less savoury parts of London for a potential witness, Sherlock was lying on the sofa gazing at the ceiling and John was in the kitchen making tea for them.  He carried two mugs of tea to the living room.  He handed one to Sherlock and settled himself in his chair with a sigh of contentment.
John stared at him slack-jawed.  “You want to marry me, Sherlock?”
“I don’t know what to do, John…” he said in a humiliated whisper, refusing to look up.
“No, John, your birthday is September the 6th. Thursday is March the 20th.
He gathered Sherlock firmly against him and pressed the two of them together, head to toe.  The sensation was heart-stopping! John groaned and was not able to prevent a small thrust of his hips against Sherlock despite his best effort.  He waited anxiously, but when he heard an answering groan from Sherlock he gave two more firm pushes against the softness of Sherlock’s belly.  He could feel Sherlock erect and hard now too, small but insistent against his thigh.
“If I could leave you alone, Ælfscíene, I would, but it isn’t safe for me to do so.”
Between the frozen meals Mrs. Hudson had prepared and the well-stocked cupboards and refrigerator they managed well enough for food, not that John was eating much. Sherlock left John only once to run a couple of errands and to visit his tailor, during which time Mrs. Hudson kindly agreed to stay in the flat in case John should need something.
“Dinner?” Sherlock smiled down into John’s eyes.
John gave a bitter laugh. “No, Sherlock, I’ve risked your life. Risked it terribly... so don’t thank me, please!”
Sherlock continued, “We Simarine do not have hair on our skin. Hair such as yours greatly impedes swimming.”
“On his way to settling into his old quarters I should think.  I am moving you into barracks, Watson, for the remaining two days of your rotation.” He glanced at his watch.  “The warrant officer will make the arrangements for your new accommodations. Dismissed!”
Reason returning slowly, John began to back away from Sherlock, despite every instinct telling him he should to go to him. Confusion was muddling his mind and he shook his head in an effort to clear it.
“No!”
John gave a humourless laugh. “This thing has been a cock-up right from the start.”
"The Father and the curate are lovers. I do not know if they are both involved in the murders or just one of them. We'll need to flush out whichever one it is or both. I'm sure you can think of something. Let me know, will you?"
“I’m sorry Sherlock! I didn’t mean it that way. I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry.”
Then, one early morning, the sky still dark, John, settled comfortably at the breakfast table with a cup of tea, still in his T-shirt and pyjamas and tapping on the keyboard of his laptop, looked up to see Sherlock standing before him.
“God, Sherlock! I do not want to hear about that! Where on earth is your Omega sense of self-preservation anyway?!”
John smiled and stroked his thumb across the youth's cheek, bathing dirt and blood away with drops of warm water, "You are welcome, myn lykyng, very welcome." The term of endearment slipped out without John noticing, but it caused the semi-conscious youth to nuzzle John’s arm with his cheek and sigh once more.
“…er, yes,” Trenholm admitted.
John sat down at the table. “Sherlock,” he said gently, “You experienced a life-changing event yesterday and it was very emotional for you. We need to think carefully before acting on anything that we may have said or done yesterday.”
John resisted. “No, Sherlock! No! This can’t happen!” He repeated somewhat dazedly, “London, I’ve got to get you back to London. Just get you home.” He pulled a boneless Sherlock up and since he wasn’t moving of his own accord, pushed him; not in the direction of their vehicle but toward the Mercedes. Reaching it, he shoved Sherlock unceremoniously into the passenger seat and said, “Stay here, don’t move, please!” and shut the door.
Sherlock smiled.  John was glowing.  Sherlock leaned down to kiss him on the lips before he said quietly, “Let us take him home now.”
Harvey turned and faced Sherlock, his expression twisting with rage, "Who the fuck are you!? Get the hell out! This is a private room!"
John’s brow furrowed in puzzlement.
“Sorry Sherlock, but I’m coming in!” And with that he thrust open the door.
He enfolded John in a tender hug, being careful not to squeeze him too hard and murmured in his ear, "Home early? Dinner? May I feed you and the babies some of your favourite wontons?"
“Okay, good Sherlock. Now what else? You are shivering love, are you feeling cold?”
“Yes.  It’s more than just alright.  It’s fantastic.  I feel the same, Sherlock.” John drew back and pulled Sherlock’s mouth down to his for a tender kiss.  “…I feel exactly the same way that you do.”
Sherlock had drawn himself up, his shoulders squared, his fists clenched and his feet planted in an aggressive stance.
He kissed John’s eyes shut and then John’s smiling mouth as he dropped into sleep.
The silent dismay over his inexplicable personal decision around Blackburn, which had been hovering in the back of his mind for hours, flooded over him.  He shifted uncomfortably in his chair as the chronic pain in his right leg made itself felt.  Perhaps it was inevitable.  Really, he’d known that his life was over the second the bullet had entered his shoulder, just as certainly as if it had pierced his heart.  The end had simply been a long time coming.  Too long.  He sighed tiredly.
Once all was done that could be for the moment, John sat down on the cot holding an oxygen mask over the nose and mouth of the now breathing but still unconscious omega.  With one hand on the mask, he pressed the fingers of his other hand against the inside of the thin wrist lying on the blanket and studied his patient for the first time.
"John," he interrupted the silence in the flat. John looked up. Sherlock hesitated before he continued, "You probably don't remember but the other night when you were upset, you asked my help to find Geoffrey."
A couple of hours later, John was stirring tinned soup on the cooker when Sherlock appeared in the doorway of the kitchen.  Clean, dark curls gleaming and dressed in his expensive suiting, he presented the very picture of elegance and careless ease.  John, confronted with this vision of astonishing good looks and poise, found to his internal dismay, his breath hitching slightly and the tingling physical awareness he’d felt earlier, return full force.  God damn it! What the hell was wrong with him?! For one thing, Sherlock was a patient and for another, he was a man, for God’s sake!
"Extraordinary Rendition"
"He had a nightmare and started crying," said Sherlock gruffly, as if he felt he had to explain himself. "I didn't want him to wake you."
He stirred the rice and admitted to himself that he wasn’t sure when any future dates would be. Truth be told, he hadn’t really been interested in Liz, just going through the motions more than anything, hoping she would spark some sort of response in him. The painful truth was that none of the Omegas he’d met since moving in with Sherlock had attracted him. Perhaps Sherlock had been right in his initial assessment of him; his reproductive system was compromised to the point where he would never be able to breed a mate and raise children in the context of a loving family, as he so wanted.
John remained silent.
"I…want to come with you Sherlock. I'll be fine."
“Ah.  Talking in my sleep?”
Sherlock sucked in a shocked breath. "That is not true John! You almost died when he was taken from you; you were willing to give your life for your baby, John! Remember in the hospital? "
Sherlock drew to a halt in front of them as she finished speaking. John glared at him.
Outside of the cathedral, Sherlock hailed them a late passing cab and they climbed in, John seeking Sherlock like a homing pigeon the moment the cab door was closed. John pressed close, closed his eyes and breathed: why hadn't he noticed before? Sherlock's thrilling scent of danger and courage and cold mountain winds…like nothing he had smelled before…
Sherlock heard a low moan in the room.
“I wasn’t always this way, John.”
John observed the youth closely; already his skin was smoother and lighter than it had been earlier.  In the restorative water it taken on a faintly opalescent sheen, reminiscent of fish scales − a suggestion only − to an unwitting observer the slight shimmer could easily have been taken for a trick of the light.  John noticed it, of course. He had never met a Simarine but was familiar with their biological profile.  Now, as he looked down at the exquisite creature emerging from the murky bath water, he thought with awe that no text book description or image could have communicated the extraordinary beauty of the youth in whose presence he now found himself.
"Yes." Sherlock hesitated. "Greg. Thank you."
“Like what?” Sherlock was surprised.
So as excruciatingly painful as it was, with ruthless self-discipline, John drew himself to a shuddering halt; burying his face in Sherlock’s neck with a deep groan of frustration.  It was agony to deny his desire! The raging frustration and the painfully engorged flesh that would take hours to subside were almost unbearable... but he knew as he held himself rigidly still that the pain he was feeling was nothing to the emotional hell that he would suffer if he hurt and shamed the innocent youth in his arms.  He sighed heavily and allowed his fingers to do what his lips could not, to explore the curves of Sherlock’s mouth and brush across his sensitive upper lip.
John could hardly process what he was hearing. He knew of the recent massacre of the Simarine at the Sidesan Lakes.  It had been horrific, even by the standards of an already bloody war.  A disenfranchised faction of the enemy’s army, determined to access the region’s most precious resource, water, had, unthinkably, attacked the guardians of the lakes, the Simarine.  The Simarine had had a skilled defense force but, protected under a seemingly secure treaty, they had been surprised by the attack and overwhelmed.
He spoke in a gentle tone, allowing none of the anxiety he felt to appear in his voice. He knew they didn't have much time before the gang members he and Sherlock had startled away from the warehouse might return with reinforcements. It could be at any moment.
Moments later, “Filth!” It was Moran’s voice, grim with satisfaction and unnaturally loud in the now quiet room.
John’s anguish was for nothing, as it turned out.  For, fortunately, Omega instincts are just as powerful as Alpha instincts and Sherlock was more than equal to John’s passion.  Sherlock reveled in the exquisite pleasure of opening his body and his heart to his mate; the man Sherlock trusted with his well-being more than he trusted even himself.  His body softened in John’s arms and he melted with happiness and pleasure; willing John, in this moment, to mold and re-shape him into something new and precious.  If Sherlock had been in heat, almost certainly, that something precious would have been defined by the creation of a new life; a delicate miracle arising from indestructible love.
Sherlock’s tears soaked through John’s T-shirt as he cried inconsolably.  Not wanting to take his arms from Sherlock or disturb him by rising, John reached to pull open a drawer of the night stand.  He looked down hopefully for something to mop tears with but froze at what he saw instead:  studded, black leather straps appointed with dull silver buckles, worn from use, lay in a tangle alongside several pairs of handcuffs, some of which were very small, and a pile of folded, heavy, black fabric − almost certainly hoods.
The spell was broken by the sound of a text alert from Sherlock's mobile. With an arm still around John's back he reached for it. The text was from Lestrade.
“Yes.  The man I’ve watched, Sherlock, likes the caress of a cashmere scarf against his throat, a kiss from a curl of his own hair, a bit too long on his neck and the protection of a thick, wool coat collar, raised high.  He likes the smooth stroke of finished cotton on his chest; a slim cut shirt with no vest between fabric and skin. He likes the softness of worsted wool trousers brushing his thighs and the whisper of silk socks over his feet.  He wears French designer shoes made of fine leather, not as a status symbol but because in them he can feel the vibration of the city beneath his feet; he can sense its mood, its intent, its deepest secrets as he walks its pavements.”
John, startled out of his reverie, jumped in fright as Sherlock banged through the door. Fear was never far from the surface, Sherlock knew. Admonishing himself for frightening him, he halted where he was to give John the opportunity to settle before he approached him.
“Mmmmm…” Sherlock’s voice rumbled against John’s ear and his arms slid around John from behind to pull him close.  “Cederwood…” he said, and kissed John’s neck.  “Oakwood…” he kissed John’s cheek. “Coffee bean…and…” Sherlock placed a kiss on John’s throat and tipped John’s head back against his shoulder.  He turned John’s chin toward him with gentle fingers.  Then, just before he settled his lips on John’s, he murmured, “Tobacco flower.”
“Sherlock! What’s wrong?” There were no more sounds from the room although he thought he could detect ragged breathing.
This story will go back into the vault on Jan 6, 2017 but will reemerge on the following Dec 20.
“Shhhh. Later John. There’s lots of time. But I look forward to it...”
“No, John, don’t want it.”
“You ain’t a soldier, you’re just the doc,” the man muttered, refusing to step back, “what’re you gonna do to make me?”
He was still struggling to catch up with his peers in school due to his difficult start in life. His teachers assured them that he would succeed; it would just take time.
“You aren’t the kind of man who would put your friends in danger, John.” Sherlock’s voice was quiet.
Graves knew when he was on to something. “Yes. A brilliant young chemist gone wrong, very wrong; providing formulas for undetectable explosives to a terrorist organization kind-of-wrong.”
He added, “I can’t help it, I’m a doctor, I look at bodies, all kinds of bodies, and try to understand what they’re telling me.”
John turned the light on and with gentle hands probed the bump and small cut on Sherlock’s head while Sherlock lay still and quiet.
Sherlock was aware of the drug; it was a surgical anesthetic, not intended for use as a sexual aid. His pain for John gave way to anger once more. Damn the man all to hell! Harvey Smith had gotten away far too easily with a quick death…God in heaven what a hell John’s married life had been!
"But a murderer wants you dead, John."
"Dad! Guess what?"
He sighed, knowing there was no point in wasting time dwelling on his past glory. He would move in with Sherlock, it was the only option available to him anyway, and try to find some satisfaction and meaning in whatever he could still do as a physician.
Moments later he glanced down at Blackburn. Damn it all! The man wasn’t just limp he was unconscious! And why the hell was that?! He shouldn’t be. The dose of drug that John had administered was the minimum amount required to sedate, certainly not enough to render a man of Blackburn’s size unconscious. Cinolazepam was normally a highly tolerated drug. The risk of reaction to it was minimal. It had to be something else.
Unfortunately, Doris, for that was the social worker's name, didn't notice it; being distracted by the rain and intent on getting back to her ever-growing caseload; from which even Christmas day offered no respite.
“No, you aren’t, John.” Sherlock mumbled against his shoulder.
John’s posture was just as rigid as Mycroft’s. He said, undeterred, “Well, regardless of who you are, you and I have a deal.  My conditions stand.”
By this time Sherlock was showing definite signs of flagging so John took charge of their small party and led them to the entrance of the café. Its door was lit cheerfully with coloured Christmas lights and adorned with a large plastic holly wreath. Inside John selected the nearest banquette, one of several in the small place draped generously with silver garlands and hung with shiny red bells.  He assisted Sherlock to unwrap December whose bright eyes could be seen from inside the coat − an indication that he had not been asleep for at least some time.
John pulled Sherlock’s chin up and looked into his eyes, willing him to see what was in his heart. Sherlock stopped crying and stared, then nodded briefly before closing his eyes and allowing John to draw him back on the sofa seat and into his arms.
“James.  Look at me, please.”
Sherlock glanced at John and his tone softened. "It was the murderer who delivered the letter to St. Patrick. That much is true. John surprised him with his unexpectedly early visit that afternoon which led to the suspect making his first significant mistake and providing a very obvious clue to his identity, one that your less-than-stellar squad failed completely to pick up on, I add."
He didn't stir when Sherlock finally slid him off of his lap and under the duvet, drawing it up over him. Sherlock rose and stood looking down at John for a moment. He then turned to the door and switched off the room's ceiling light, but before he left, he turned back and said, "I will do as you ask me John; I will find Geoffrey for you."
“Hush!” John exclaimed, regretting his impulsive words.  His voice full of concern, he explained, “It is the way of trauma; pain catches us when we least expect it.”  He sat up and drew Sherlock onto his lap, sleeping bag and all.  “Would you like to tell me what happened? How you came to be separated from your people?” He nuzzled the top of Sherlock’s head with his lips.  “You will find that I am a good listener.”
The doctor then turned to Sherlock and said, "Alpha, your mate needs you to calm down. Can I rely on you to do that?" He spoke firmly but not unsympathetically.
He looked at John hopefully but John appeared completely mystified as to what he was talking about so he was forced to forge on. “John today is the first day of spring.  Winter is over.  Beautiful things have come to life; divine things which, like flowers, I paid no attention to before you came into my life.”
“John.  I’m not hungry and I don’t want soup. I want−”
Sherlock looked pained. “It doesn't? But it feels like it, John; the heat and the pressure. I had to get up; I couldn't stay lying next to you, I was so uncomfortable.”
Sherlock was surprised at John's vehement reaction. He said slowly, "I know that now, John. Over the past few days…since you have been here…I have discovered for myself that it isn't true. I was wrong to believe what other people said about me. I formed the opinion based on insufficient evidence, it would seem."
"John! John, that's not what I meant," Sherlock reached to stroke John's cheek reassuringly. "I meant that I'm not used to feeling…er…aroused and I'm afraid I'll do something that hurts you or scares you." He looked down at his feet, "I'd rather die than harm or frighten you." He looked up at John again, a plea in his eyes.
“I’m not sure Sherlock. You suffered extreme abuse at a vulnerable time in your sexual development. That kind of experience impacts people differently.” He squeezed Sherlock tightly in his arms before continuing, “The fact that you had a healthy and emotionally rich sexual identity developing as a child counter-indicates asexuality. And there’s no reason to think that you have a physical problem since you had no difficulty stimulating yourself to orgasm before the abuse.”
“Iċ bidde …” There was a small tremor to Sherlock’s voice that John didn’t miss.
Sherlock looked confused and anxious. “But I thought we−” he stopped, “I mean…I hoped you might lie-in with me.”
He was silenced by a firm kiss.  “No John. You were wounded and now you are healing and almost well again.  There is a difference.”
After a minute of slow breathing, Sherlock drew a shuddering sigh and said, “Iċ i geáreorden.  I would go around the mountain and join them on the other side.”
He was knocking on the door of the Commandant’s office within a few short minutes; entering when he was bidden to do so.
Mycroft Holmes turned from the window to face Neilson, his distain obvious.
Sherlock grabbed the tea towel and began to dry plates.  “It’s a surprise, John.”
John responded, “I’m not armed!”
“Sherlock!” spluttered John in horror.
“I want you back now, John, I liked it, I was surprised that’s all.”
John assessed the situation; he wanted no part of what was being suggested of course, he was an honourable soldier and a medical doctor, but he would have to accept the sergeant’s proposition if he was going to be able to assist the poor creature being dangled in front of him.
Something was puzzling John… that the dead Sergeant’s heavy scent should be fading made sense… but what of Sherlock’s?  It had faded in a similar way, which was puzzling...  If Sherlock had escaped somewhere − anywhere, his scent would have been discernably stronger or weaker in one area of the building or another, indicating the path of his movements… Why was there nothing? A cold sensation of dread overcame John; was Sherlock dead? Then he checked himself quickly, no, John would have known, surely, if Sherlock was no longer alive, instinct would have informed him of that.
rihtlæce− physician or doctor
John's playful tone died though, when, the T-shirt finally stripped away, he could see up close for the first time new marks on Sherlock’s arms and legs; red welts and bruises from the leather strapping with which he’d been restrained.  John’s eyes darkened and a growl rumbled in his throat. He examined the marks, thankful, but no less angry, when they proved to be superficial.  If Moran and the despicable Sergeant weren't already dead it would have been a pleasure to kill them both once more!
John smiled. "Okay, December, I'd like to help you leave this place, would you let me do that?"
Sherlock recoiled and cried out, “No! Don’t touch me! Get away, get away!
The breathing began to ease.  John heard a pleading whisper, “Iċ i firmette, Ælfwine, speak the singaþ for me…” The whisper then faded into silence and the breathing stopped.
Sherlock, after a few seconds of studying John’s determined expression, sighed and nodded his agreement.  Relieved, John switched the light off and settled them both; wrapping his arms firmly around Sherlock in the sleeping bag once more. He knew he would be unable to sleep for the rest of the night, but he hoped that Sherlock would; he needed rest to heal his mind as well as his body.
Home was a small grave in the Holmes family cemetery, beautifully kept, of course, its grass neatly trimmed and flowers fresh.  Waiting for them when they arrived at the gravesite was the sympathetic and benevolent Bishop of Westminster Cathedral. Perhaps unused to performing such intimate services, but all the more sincere because of it, the Bishop spoke movingly of birth and death, love and loss.  Afterward, he grasped both their hands firmly and offered a simple blessing before leaving them to their graveside contemplation.
"John!" Sherlock reached for him, the tea forgotten, and began to explore John's body with frantic urgency. But John recovered from his faint as soon as he hit the floor and was struggling to sit up. He clutched his banged head and moaned, "God, my head hurts!" then, turning his face away from Sherlock, he was sick on the floor.
