"Thank you." The man looks around and finally spots John and Mrs. Hudson. With a polite nod he turns and leaves the room. Biting his lip to hold back a delighted smile, Sherlock waits until the man is properly gone before raising his fists triumphantly and leaping into the air like his favorite team just won the regional and he'd had a sizable bet on the match.
"Sherlock Holmes and polite don't belong in the same sentence," Anderson chimed in from where he was blatantly eavesdropping while supervising his team just inside the doorway.
"Without checking on the lead?" Sherlock asked, raising his arm to hail a taxi as soon as he was relieved of his burden. "I'm not his sniffer dog, John. I do far more than just locate and point out unnoticed evidence." The taller man directed the driver to Baker street and manhandled the pink case into the back with them. He looked John over as the taxi pulled into traffic, his face suddenly pinching with curiosity. "You are cold."
"Fair enough, and it might give us a better idea of how she ended up here if we can find it," Lestrade replies amiably. "It is odd for a professional woman like that not to have a phone. What precinct did you work for?"
John, dazed, has a conversation with Lestrade on his way out, then does the obvious thing and texts Sherlock.
Sherlock's next text chimed just as John sent the second line. John could easily imagine the awkward posture and faint blush from Sherlock's earlier tidying spree returning.
"Ah, yeah, I can't say that my diet wasn't influenced by my medical school days either," John says with a little chuckle. "I was full vegetarian for a while thanks to a very - ah - unique girlfriend I had while in Uni. Healing crystals, spas, colored lamps to adjust her body's energy - I'm sure you know the type. We were off and on a long while, but then he dumped me to come out as trans. He... well, never mind."
As they moved off in opposite directions, John indicated for his son to walk ahead of him. “I need you where I can see you”, he clarified, adjusting his grip on the gun in his hand, and levelling out the angle of its barrel. “Stay alert. I'll cover you.” The silence which followed hung heavy and unpleasant, tainting the air with a bitterness which crackled and stung like static electricity between them. It almost paralysed John; afraid to move or speak or
, you don't take a chair, you stand, like you've forgotten about it. That, coupled with your obvious skill at managing with the prosthetic, implies the injury was obtained some time ago. You're only in your 40s, so you could still have been serving up until very recently, but no, you were discharged years ago. Before I was born, if not shortly after. So, where has there been a major military conflict in the last 18 years involving the British and specifically your regiment? Afghanistan or Iraq.”
John nodded, and without a further word drew his thumb along the seal to open the envelope in one swift motion. The letter inside was printed on quality paper, topped with the King's College coat of arms baring the college motto
He paid little attention to the fresh clothes he was putting on – he knew that they were clean, warm, and comfortable and that was all he needed. He packed a few more spare items into a duffel bag to take back to the hospital. He moved over to Sherlock's wardrobe, his hand hesitantly hovering over the handle for a few seconds before swinging the door open and retrieving some spare clothes for Sherlock too.
Hamish smiled, but George noted it didn’t seem to reach his eyes. The boy who was so impassioned about the cause to help people in that lab just a few short weeks prior seemed to be a distant memory from the boy he was seeing before him now. That wasn’t to say Hamish didn’t care, it was clear he bore a large burden of responsibility with the gifts he possessed. It was clear he wanted to pursue the course he had chosen, and he was motivated to do so – fiercely so. He had his Dad’s passion, that thirst for justice and burning desire to do right by everyone burning hot and bright at the core of his being. He was painfully selfless, and George wondered whether the ‘right thing’, was necessarily the right thing
John could hardly feel his legs beneath him as he laboured up the stairs to the flat. He'd stooped slightly to sweep up the pile of post that had gathered just inside the door, and he didn't even bother to straighten fully before continuing up the stairs and pushing through the door of 221B. He shucked off his coat and threw it over the sofa before casting a tired but evaluative gaze across the flat. Nothing had moved, everything in the flat was just as he and Benson had left it several hours previous – right down to the mug which had been left on the floor by the vacated armchair.
John looked down at where his hands were clasped around his mug, but offered a gentle smile before giving a slight nod. John had been lost on his return from Afghanistan. Benson had hit the nail on the head really, indirectly, – it was his life with Sherlock that had drawn him away from it all. The war, and what was his life now, felt like the memories of two separate people to him. There was a time when the images of his service would play over and over in the forefront of his mind, plaguing every waking hour and only intensifying whenever he closed his eyes at the end of the day, but being with Sherlock had scratched at the film. Now they merely flickered like an old movie – nothing but a horror story.
, Private or otherwise, was going to halt him in his mission. Hamish could hear the distinct thud of George's prosthetic as he broke into a run behind him, trying in vain to catch up.
Hamish chuckled slightly, wincing a little at the pain that tiny movement caused. “Are you here to babysit me?” he said, his eyes twinkling with mischief akin to that of a 8 year old.
The bubble shattered. John's eyes snapped up to the surgeon, who was offering his sincerest apologies, and endless promises about how they were doing everything they could. His heart had seized in his chest, his throat constricting and the thickness of the air almost suffocating. Then came the words
“Bloody hell.” He cast his eyes back over to the fireplace. “And the cluedo?” he enquired with a mirthful smirk.
“Your boss is a liar”, Hamish began coolly as he approached the stand. “There is no promotion, he just wanted you out of the office – you're an embarrassment to the franchise. I'd advise a career change.” Hamish offered an exaggerated sympathetic smile as the banker stood, simply gawping. He finally closed his mouth into a tight firm line and clenched his fist around the paper cup in his right hand, crushing it and spilling its contents.
John let out a good natured laugh, smiling broadly. He watched as George returned his smile, and followed his gaze where it had settled behind him on the skull that had become such a normal presence in the flat.
“I had a talk to give at his school. He didn't exactly stick around though. Surprised he's not here actually, he said he was leaving for family business.”
John pulled back, his face displaying a concerned frown. “You should rest that”, he said, nodding towards Benson's leg.
The chances that George Benson could outrun a perfectly fit and healthy teenage boy were slim from the off, but doing it with a prosthetic leg was nigh on impossible. And yet he soldiered onwards, following Hamish down the two flights of stairs. His lungs were burning and his good leg was screaming at him to stop, each cell protesting in earnest. As he exited the building heaving a huge breath, he cursed as he saw Hamish mounting a police motorcycle
“It's an obvious choice” Sherlock confirmed as he lowered his paper and folded it in half, resting it to one side. “The forensic side is my influence. He needs a puzzle, a mystery, something to test him and keep him occupied.” Something in Sherlock's eyes seemed to ignite, glowing with scorching excitement, anticipation, pride. “He needs the thrill of the chase, the blood pumping through his veins. That unbeatable feeling of being wrapped up in a mystery. He needs the crime, John. It's in his blood.” His gaze softened, his face softening with it into a gentle smile. “But then there's you.”
he considered, most certainly not for the first time. He was just like Sherlock in that sense. Always the outsider, always the
The rest of his sentence was consumed by a strangled cry. When a gunshot rang out, both Hamish and John hit the floor, John instinctively. When he looked across to his son, to see he'd hit the deck too, he sighed, the relief swarming him as he inhaled a deep and steadying breath in an effort to regain some order over his startled heart. He was out of practise.
“I'll explain when Dad comes down”. Hamish cuts him off before he can fully formulate his question. “Sit.” Sherlock eyes him suspiciously, but plonks himself down anyway, sinking into the plush cushions. He stares directly ahead into the lens, his eyes widening slightly as he notices the red light.
“We got the bastards” was all he said. It was enough. Knowing it wasn't all in vain didn't make it worth it – nothing ever would – but it did take some of the sting out, even if just for a moment. Nobody else would suffer at the hands of that sadistic gang of criminals now, and that couldn't be anything but good. No more families would traverse the merciless road of grief and loss. Of course John was suffering now,
Hamish allowed himself a small smile. Mycroft may have thrown his sarcastic comments around with the intent of ruffling feathers, but Hamish couldn't help but realise just how
Eventually, John puffed out a breath and slumped backwards, pressing his back further into the passenger seat. He closed his eyes, drawing long steady breaths in through his nose and expelling them through his slightly pursed lips.
John rolled his eyes and gave a humourous tut. “There really is nothing that fazes you is there..I mean, you're
The nurse was kind, efficient and unobtrusive. She finally introduced herself as Jenny on her rounds the morning after John and Sherlock returned to the hospital. She always left attending to Hamish until the end of her daily rounds, so she could stay longer. John conversed with her as she checked Hamish's vitals, updated his charts and made sure he was comfortable. She was meticulous in her care of him, carrying out her duties with rigorous efficiency, and yet her temperament was one of calm auras and gentle words. John found her to be easy company, and he was endlessly grateful for the routine she provided and the kindness she granted both him and Sherlock. Even Sherlock did not mind her presence even as her stays on shift became longer and more frequent and, though he chose not to speak to her, he was neither cold nor short with her. He'd offer her a small smile of gratitude which she'd accept gracefully each morning, and that was the extent of their interactions, but neither of them seemed to mind. She never overstayed her welcome either, despite staying long after she’d completed her rounds.
John felt Sherlock's hand slipping into his own, their fingers intertwining. Sherlock gave his hand a reassuring squeeze, small and almost intangible, but enough. John nodded, swallowing thickly as Hamish led them both back into the lab. George straightened as they entered the room, offering John a small, warm smile;
“I'd have been a disgrace to my country if I hadn't”, he responded with a wink. And with that they both erupted into unreserved and hearty laughter.
with Detective Inspector Lestrade. Mycroft must have read this thought clearly on his nephew's face, as he stiffened slightly, his mouth forming a tight line.
“Stop blaming yourself”, George said firmly. “It wasn't your fault then, and it isn't now.” He hauled himself into a standing position using the crutch that had been left for him, and hobbled slightly clumsily to Hamish's beside. “None of this is your fault.”
Nina had always been meticulous in her care of the flats and their tenants, including her aunt. Mrs Hudson was getting too old to keep scaling the stairs now, so Nina had taken the reigns. Mrs Hudson was still, in spirit, as lively as ever. John smiled at the thought of her calling up the stairs to Nina “You’re not their housekeeper, love!” - though perhaps not this time. John had a feeling that Mrs Hudson would be driving poor Nina up the wall with her endless and restless need to do something to help. She’d already sent Nina to the hospital bearing a basket of Hamish's favourite sweet treats from his childhood; cinnamon swirls, apple danishes, custard tarts.
Sebastian seems more content with this. He points them towards the chairs facing his desk and sits in his with an ease that suggests he wants them to believe he is in charge of the whole bank.
“These are all from her website,” Mycroft says, handing him more prints of Irene Adler, the first one featuring her with a whip she seems to be keen on chewing. Sherlock makes sure he scrapes Mycroft’s hand with his fingernails when he takes the photos. Childish, but so is their whole relationship these days. Mycroft barely flinches, but his smile wavers and he looks away.
He turns to go, his legs feeling like they will give out under him as he takes the first shaky steps.
“I aspire to be a Detective Inspector,” he says, straightening his posture. “I think that if I work hard and keep my nose clean, I can get a promotion in five years and be accepted to Inspector Lestrade’s team. Homicide! Now that’s something! I’ve already seen some of the action, of course, had my gun out once but never actually had to shoot…”
Until Mycroft comes home from school for the holidays, his face pale and his eyes red, and hides himself into his room.
is tougher and the paper like plastic instead of pulp. He throws it in the fireplace and looks for matches.
He knows Sherlock is staring at him but it is so nice just to concentrate on the warm bath water rather than to find out what Sherlock is seeing on him now.
He imagines himself next to John in the bed, his limbs sticking out from under the duvet, his frame lean and sinewy like a sighthound.
Blushing, John hurried to pull it shut before turning around again to face the men. Mycroft Holmes had moved to sit behind his desk, but the other Holmes –
Sherlock has refused any kind of group meetings, only agreeing to meet with Doctor Mortimer in private in her office because otherwise she would hunt him down in the garden again, or in his room. He feels better to have her destroy any kind of mental association he has to oriental carpets and grand fireplaces rather than the peace and freedom he still finds in nature.
“It will be such fun to watch you burn. Too bad it has to end eventually, since there won’t be an infinite amount of things to
Fast-forward several hours, past the woman dressed in pink lying dead in an abandoned building, a message of
In mid-March, just when they have began to prepare the parks for the summer and the fountains are back in business and full of cold, sparkling water, Sherlock slips on the single slimy stone someone has thrown in the bottom of one of the Italian fountains in Kensington Gardens. No matter what certain doctors might say about taking off your socks and shoes (especially when idiot detectives have already shown symptoms of viral infection) or stepping into a fountain to fish out evidence when the mercury is barely above zero, the said idiot detectives still have the tendency to jump in after throwing their socks and shoes at their doctor friend.
Two years later, Sherlock was once again back on that spot on a visit to Lady Eva, the sprightful woman now reduced to a shadow of what she used to be and the manor in shambles. Leaving his mother to keep her ladyship company, he walked out, through the park and the woods to the pond now full of weed, its water muddy with no one to take care of it. Staring at the still water, the midday sun shining in his eyes and making them ache, he lay himself down in the grass and stared up at the celestial body through the leaves of the trees.
He never wears white. All his trousers are black. Except his pyjama pants, the ones John bought for him after he had worn through the last pair.
“Really? How can you tell? How can you tell he is not another fantasy? Created by your petty little mind because you needed someone to care for, to care for
Sherlock was beaming. Hamish was so like him sometimes that is was scary and endearing in equal measure. But the way he interacted with Lestrade...calling him
Benson gave a small salute and a wide grin in acknowledgement, and before another word could be uttered, Sherlock had left the room in a flurry of coattails, with John close behind.
"I thought we'd...I don't know...reached an understanding on this", John continued. "I thought we had this. I'm not sure who I feel worse about...I guess it's the sort of thing I expect from Sherlock..." he sighed again, "but Hamish. I just...god this really tops everything, doesn't it?"
“Because you're an idiot.” They allowed themselves a small chuckle, each remembering the first time John had said that so many years previous. John cleared his throat slightly before continuing. “This doesn't mean I forgive you. Wounds like this take a while to heal. You went behind my back, both of you, and even you aren't so emotionally inept to not realise how much that hurts. That's betrayal, Sherlock, pure and simple.” Sherlock averted his gaze, choosing to intensely examine an old acid burn on his left hand. “But I've come so close to losing Hamish today. I am not losing you too. So, if you're prepared to work through this...” he trailed off, gesticulating absently between them.
Hamish gets to his feet, leaping towards the camera and jostling it slightly as he picks it up. His face fills the frame as he says. “You are
that someone would end up hurt, that's why he insisted countless times that Hamish was not allowed to follow them into the fire. That was why he
It's been nearly 3 weeks and for that I offer my deepest apologies! I've basically hated every word I've written for the past two weeks and it's been so hard to get back into the rhythm of things. I was meant to post this yesterday but it was results day and I found out that I got into Uni so I was rather preoccupied with celebrating!
friend then why don't you just do it on your own?” He's pulling a full on Sherlockian sulk and both John and Hamish throw him a look that says
“What's it called?” he eventually croaked out faintly. And as Sherlock turned, his own face streaked with the evidence of the paths of tears, John hardly needed the verbal response which followed.
Then came the kiss. (Well, then came the punch and an imaginative assortment of colourful words. The kiss was a result of the aftershock.) And just like that, in a flurry of stolen breath and desperate, longing lips, John had trusted Sherlock all over again: trusted him as a lover. Trusted him with his heart.
“Good.” A heavy silence descended; constricting and suffocating. It was like a dead weight pressing down on each of their chests, robbing them of oxygen and sending the sparks of stabbing pains into their hearts on each beat. Despite his best efforts to be open and frank with Sherlock now, John knew there was so much being left unsaid. There was a man before him who needed answers and guidance, he could see it in his posture, hear it in his voice. The same man who was a genius, a fantastic and remarkable man, was now like a lost child, desperately seeking something to cling to, desperately needing
with an apology under his own steam, realise the gravity of his situation and the magnitude of his mistake. He wanted Sherlock to realise how much he risked losing and come to John offering a sincere apology straight from the depths of the heart that John knew he had. He wished that, just once, Sherlock would come and see if
that Mycroft could never quite place in the ex-soldier. John scoffed. “Or so I thought. I look out for your brother, and you help me out when I need it. That's pretty much been the status quo from
“Nothing good ever comes of those words” John replies with a grimace. “In fact, last time you said that it cost me fifty quid” he adds, wagging a finger at his son.
He vividly remembered the first time he'd called his Uncle “grumpy guts”, aged just five years old; the way Mycroft's features had shifted like the shapes in a kaleidoscope, aligning in a new model of discontent.
“Who was our number two?” Hamish continued. He paused, and sniggered. “Number two”, he repeated under his breath, at which Sherlock fixed him a look, raising one indignant eyebrow, which clearly expressed sentiment along the lines of '
Hamish's brow furrowed, and his lips curled into a tight curve of displeasure. Apparently this man was more observant than Hamish usually gave the general populous credit for. Nobody had ever noticed those tiny movements before; the way his shoulders stiffened suddenly, like he was suddenly remembering himself having lapsed for a moment in letting his usual façade slip. Hamish Watson-Holmes was trapped between the two halves of himself – his parents – and the only problem was working out which side was Jekyll and which was Hyde. He feared they were both an eclectic mix of the two. This man was right though, there were two distinct parts to Hamish and, whilst not a single person had noticed before, when he made the transition, the difference between the two was quite startling. There was John; the side that had helped this man without missing a beat. Then there was Sherlock; the side that had snapped back into the icy cold exterior, silently cataloguing every minute detail of this man from behind glazed blue eyes. Details such as the dulling bronze insignia badge pinned to the man's blazer: the image of a rearing horse – it's proud mount wielding a flag, arm stretched towards the heavens...or indeed the crown of flame-like whisps which topped the badge. Despite the deterioration of its sheen, the majority of the lettering was still identifiable, not that Hamish needed them – he recognised the badge's origin without their prompting.
“I love you too, Dad.” He set his books down, turning over in his bed so John was left staring at his back. “…and I’m sorry”, he added in a tiny whisper before letting sleep take him.
“Forensic Psychology”, he said as he discarded his cutlery onto his now empty plate. He let out a small 'hm' as if running the words experimentally through his mouth, seeing how well they fitted. “I didn't expect that.”
John demanded, cutting him off. Mycroft seemed partially stunned into obedience as he clamped his lips together. John's sudden outburst had evidently startled the older Holmes. He had always displayed such a ferocious and yet stubbornly collected defiance in the face of anything Mycroft threw his way. Mycroft had come to expect it, rejoining and meeting it with his own steely composure. It was something of a non-conservative yet strangely comfortable arrangement between them, unspoken, but there nonetheless. It suited them both. There was a level of familiarity with the ever present underlying tones of friction. Both parties had come to expect the silent give and take, and honoured it for Sherlock's sake.
and John's was no competition for its intricate and delicate cogs. John couldn't read a person's life from the cuffs of their shirt or the subtle creases round their mouth and eyes. John couldn't systematically dissect the most precise workings of a criminal mind from his stride. John couldn't even so much as deduce a password without a prompt.
Quick thanks to everyone reading thus far, I've never thanked you before and I should have. So, ta very much. :)
at this, Dad.” His voice was shaking, cracking slightly as he continued. “I can't -” he faltered and gave a sigh, shaking his head in surrender to the things in his heart that his head couldn't fathom into words.
“Do you realise how feckin' bizarre that is to witness, lad?” The question came in melodious Irish tones. Hamish placed the accent almost immediately: County Tipperary. He quirked an eyebrow, urging him to continue. Whatever he was going to say, Hamish had deemed it worthy of listening to. Something in the way this man had looked at him made Hamish intrigued to discover what he had observed. He continued as he rounded the table, setting out the leaflets across it's surface. “The way your demeanour shifts like that. Wee bit Jekyll and Hyde, don'cha think?”
“When he was 9, he steadfastly believed that Oregano was an illegal substance, and threatened to call the Police when he found it on our spice rack.”
not in the handwritten script of a friend or family member but in solid black print. He ventured up the stairs to Hamish's room to leave the cards and the letter on his bed ready for when –
As Hamish got stronger over the coming days, he used his waking time productively, requesting various text books and journals to be brought from the flat and studying them intensively whilst scrawling almost illegible notes on various post-it notes and scraps of paper. The variety of text books that had been lined up, snugly and neatly nestled against each other on Hamish's bookshelf, was surprising. John had anticipated that, having a similarly scientific mind to Sherlock, Hamish's course books would consist of the sciences, perhaps interspersed with a few mathematical texts. To an extent, he was right. To one end of the perfectly alphabetised collection were two Chemistry text books, followed by a thick Engineering study guide, but subsequent texts threw John slightly. Three perfectly leather bound history books; one's gold title proclaiming it as a complete guide to the second World War, the second a comprehensive guide to British foreign policy 1910-1960, and the third a student's guide to the Third Reich and the Rise of Fascism in Europe. He smiled to himself, remembering a particular Thursday afternoon some 10 years previous, with an 8-year-old Hamish lying on his stomach, head resting in his palms, in front of the TV; thoroughly entranced by Guy Hamilton’s
Hamish composed another message to Sherlock, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. He closed his eyes briefly before hitting send.
John watched, frozen in his spot at the other side of the room, as one solitary tear formed in the corner of each of Sherlock's eyes. As they tumbled down his cheeks, magnifying each and every pore of that pale white skin, it twisted John's gut inside him. He'd never felt so violently and heartbreakingly ill. Paralysed by this turmoil, he observed helplessly as Sherlock took one of Hamish's hands between his own and whispered, “I'm sorry. I let you down.” Before John could register that, though the words had been whispered to Hamish, they were directed at him too, Sherlock had turned on his heel and left the room.
” he exclaims through the laughter. Hamish, having let his guard down, has released Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock takes the opportunity to speak again.
He found himself pondering the course choice in Hamish's sleeping hours. He was curious, he'd not seen any inclination towards the subject previously. Then again, he thought, he seemed to have missed a lot regarding his son lately. Maybe this was just the latest in a long line of things he'd not allowed himself the time to notice. He figured that Sherlock's theory was plausible enough, but he couldn't help the tiny little tapping of doubt from somewhere right in the back of his mind.
were, him and Sherlock, to have their son. He was angry with himself. Angry with Sherlock. Angry that he ever let something jeopardise
“Not your fault, mate. I knew what I signed up for.” He deployed his trademark micheivous smile. “It has its advantages...gets interesting at parties.”
John swallowed thickly, granting the man stood in the doorway of 221B a double take. He'd been trundling through his regular morning, typing up the most recent of Sherlock's cases on his blog. Then there had come the sound of those old wooden stairs groaning under the tread of an old friend, and the appearance of Private George Benson had thrown John's 'regular' morning completely. John wasn't sure at which point in his gawping and staring assessment he'd actually risen from his seat, but now he was face to face with his old comrade.
“What's the project, kiddo?” John asks as he moves round the front of the sofa and settles in the space between Sherlock and Hamish. He ruffles Hamish's hair, just as Sherlock had.
“Oi, lad!” The Irish tones persisted from behind him, but he ignored them. “You're supposed to be staying out of this! You promised!” He marched on, increasing his pace as he approached the stairwell. If he was old enough to join the British army and defend his country, he was sure as hell old enough to fight for and protect his own parents and
he thought to himself. He allowed himself a small chuckle as he surveyed the room for his next focus. A hairdresser; early 30s – promoting a criminally low paid apprenticeship in hair and beauty – whose recent breakup and subsequent desperation were written plainly all over her make-up caked face and low cut top.
Sherlock raised his gaze from the paper which he lowered slightly. “Makes perfect sense”, he commented before dropping his eyes back to the article he'd been perusing.
Massive thanks to my friend Lea for helping me out with this chapter by RPing some of the dialogue out with me to get the ideas going! It was a huge help my sweet, and the fact that this chapter came out so long is a testament to how much of your input I felt I just had to use! This chapter is dedicated to you, my dear.
John was anxious to see Sherlock, he had been for hours, and Hamish was well aware of this. Sherlock had been occupying himself at Bart's to keep the idleness of the hospital from driving him, and John, insane. But now, John was struggling to focus on his book. He was suffering the confines of the hospital too. Hamish was doing better now, he was still napping during the day, but his strength was increasing, and he was able to sit in the chair by the side of his bed for short periods. He was a long way off being able to care for himself, but he was far less dependent now.
Mycroft retorted, his whole face and body drawn tight and throbbing with tension which John was so seldom witness to in either Holmes. John was balancing on a fine line between amusement and unease at this unusual tension in Mycroft's posture. Still, John did not delude himself into considering Mycroft's unease the result of pure and simple sentiment; Mycroft was simply uncomfortable with not being wholly in control of a situation. It threw him.
Sherlock hardly made a murmur in response to John's comment, choosing instead to keep his eye firmly fixated on whatever was squirming on the slide under his microscope. John sighed. Smalltalk rarely engaged Sherlock on the best of days and using it to avoid the elephant in the room was clearly not going to work. John needed to tackle this head on; there was no other option. It was time for Captain Watson to take charge.
He turned to his wife, with a finger pressed over his lips to indicate the need for silence. She nodded, sweeping in quietly to deposit the small Tupperware box with a selection of the fruits of her afternoon’s labour on the bedside cabinet. She excused herself, pausing to look back over her shoulder as she left the room and smiling fondly as George took his post by Hamish’s bedside.
The toast popped and Hamish applied copious amounts of strawberry jam with a swift mechanical motion, before turning and heading into the sitting room. He flopped onto the sofa with Sherlockian grace. “Apparently not.” John muttered.
John silently sank into the soft and welcoming cradle of his armchair before pulling his knees up to his chest and wrapping his arms around them. Sherlock took his bow in his hand once more, and began to play his newly completed melody. The music wasn't as lively and melodic as some of Sherlock's compositions had been in the past, and yet it wasn't at the other end of Sherlock's musical spectrum; it wasn't dark and brooding. The notes danced in the space between them, tenderly coming together to form a soft lullaby. John let the music cloak him, work around him, easing the tension from his muscles as he sank further into the plush fabric of his armchair. Sherlock's movements, as always, were elegant and fluid; manipulating the bow and strings to sing his own soft hymn. Sherlock's arms, gingerly cradling the instrument, span an exquisite harmony, weaving a composition of silk and sweetness.
“Oh, not Mr Holmes.” She cut him off before giving a small apologetic smile for interrupting him. She was so polite that it was almost absurd, John thought he liked her some. She could come again. “George Benson wishes to see you”, she added.
George smiled; a small smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. “A blessing.” He shifted his gaze to his feet. “May the embers from the open hearth warm your hands”, he began reciting softly. “May the sun's rays from the Irish sky warm your face, May the children's bright smiles warm your heart, May the everlasting love I give you warm your soul.”
be okay? It frustrated him – the underling sense of guilt that came with having to go behind his Dad's back. But the decision had been made for him by his Dad's restrictive and incessant
Still not a word was uttered. The nurses had vacated the room now, it was just John and Sherlock. The silence was deafening. John wanted to scream and shout, colour the walls of this damned hospital with his curses and cries. He wanted to wail his lament so every single person could feel every ounce of his pain. He dried his hands, biting down on his top lip with excessive force to keep himself from making a sound. As he turned, he found himself in Sherlock's arms as he pulled John into a vice like embrace. Still not a word came from either of them as Sherlock held him, as John allowed the gravity of their situation to manifest itself into choked sobs. They stood that way for a time which neither of them cared to quantify. They stayed locked and pressed together like the only security the world could offer them was each other.
and you have a duty of care over him. He was in danger, and him and Sherlock were both being reckless, and you should have
John gave a grateful nod, pulling his phone from his pocket as they descended the stairs and left the flat. He composed a new message to Lestrade, grimacing slightly as he hit send.
Sherlock, sat at the desk, tapping away at the keys on John's laptop, quirked an eyebrow. John responded in kind with a short shake of his head, a clear
He settled for “It wasn't your fault.” Because that's the sort of thing people said, wasn't it? That was the sort of thing people like John needed to hear. It had the added benefit of being the truth; John really wasn't to blame. He may have believed he should have done something more, but in reality there was nothing more he
As the two men marched through the corridors of St Bart's, George could see Sherlock and Hamish in a lab two doors down. As they approached he could see Hamish bent over a microscope, slowly twisting at two knobs on either side and squinting as he tried to analyse what was on the slide beneath. Behind him, Sherlock was pacing through the aisle between two workstations and talking out loud, gesticulating wildly as he theorised, with Hamish seemingly adding small remarks or affirmatives as Sherlock reeled off his deductions.
Hamish was looking up at Sherlock, his bright eyes open and inquisitive, his small hands gently curled around the dog tags round John’s neck. He’d always held them, since he was a baby, whenever he was in John’s arms. His little fingers would entwine themselves in the chain, the pad of his thumb resting comfortably on the engraved letters of John’s name. John would always wear them on the inside of his shirt. He didn’t like to draw attention to it, but he still relished the feeling of the light metal resting against his chest. It was silent pride, remembrance, respect for his fallen comrades which motivated him to continue wearing them. They were a part of him; not an accessory but and extension of John, a
John rose to meet him as the nurse excused herself. “Shit Benson. What happened?” he asked, his face stricken as he approached.
“He's doing better,” Mycroft remarked, without so much as tearing his gaze away from the figures and oscillating lines on the screen. His tone was bland and almost nonchalant, and John visibly bristled in response. Sometimes Mycroft's talent for maintaining his composure was insulting and John found himself mentally damning Mycroft to hell for his lack of heart regarding his own nephew. Did the man not posses a morsel of compassion, or a single ounce of sympathy?
Sherlock woke slowly with the growing sunlight, before becoming aware of the small warm form between himself and John. John was lying on his back, his legs splayed at an obscure angle, sleeping soundly. His arms enveloped their son, one hand resting delicately on the mop of soft curls.
“Particular favourite of mine”, Sherlock continues “...was the first murder you ever solved.” His eyes are shining, glistening with a mix of pride and affectionate teasing. “What was the mouse's name again, Hamish?”
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson were the most iconic pairing to have ever walked the streets of London. The crimes they’d solved together and the lives they’d touched were beyond counting. Something swelled in his heart whenever he thought of everything they had achieved together, the men he had the privilege of calling his parents, his role models, his mentors, his heroes. That something was always tinged with something, a sharp, bitter edge on a warm comforting glow. Hamish could place it now; sadness. How could he ever amount to anything close to that? His parents weren’t just his heroes, they were London’s, nee
Adorable doodle of a young Hamish to accompany this chapter is courtesy of the lovely leagerard on tumblr.
“Hamish?” John abruptly stopped walking, pulling lightly on his son's shoulder so he turned to face him. He was searching his face, hopelessly and fruitlessly trying to read him. Read something. Read
For the sake of this fic, I'm going on the assumption that the conflict in Afghanistan ended shortly after John was invalided home, so around 2014, and was thus over when Hamish was born. Of course, there are still servicemen and women out there at the moment and my thoughts and support are with each and every one of them, and no offense is intended in any instances in which the war may be referred to lightheartedly throughout this fic.
John was a doctor, and George knew that he was aware that Hamish would not wake or be brought to consciousness by the medical team any time soon. There was no risk of him missing Hamish's return to the waking world. John knew that George knew this, and yet he still contested the demand that he return to Baker Street for even a few hours.
“You were in danger!”, their son protested, heaving another breath as his lungs clambered for Oxygen. True enough, Hamish had saved them from immediate danger by expertly clouting the sniper, who was now out cold at their feet, around the head with the splintered remains of an old support beam from the factory's roof. And, in all fairness, the sniper
John abruptly slammed the shower controls to the opposite position, letting the sudden rush of cold water bring him back to reality with a start.
All words readily applied to John as the day had run it's course. As he looked over at Sherlock, and noted the way the muscles in his shoulders were drawn tight, and his arms were stiff, his face solid and unyielding, he thought that Sherlock at least had the common decency and courtesy to be angry
“I make it difficult enough by myself, thanks” Hamish mumbled beneath his breath, turning his face away briefly before withdrawing his mobile phone from his pocket. As he did so, it buzzed in his hand, indicating an incoming text message.
John wasted no time in crashing through the door, causing both Hamish and Sherlock to look up with a start, both sets of pupils blown wide by his sudden entrance.
Hamish's birthday passed silently. Nobody visited then. Even the nurse made herself scarce after completing her duties.
And then it caught up with him, at the same time that the shock wore off and it registered with Hamish too. His son was clutching at his chest, gasping and desperately scrambling for air, the warmth of his own blood spreading across his hand and chest. John didn't think then. He didn't recall how he'd got to his son's side, but he was there now, clutching him desperately as Hamish tried to mouth the word 'sorry' as he violently choked, the crimson of his own blood staining his lips and face as it forced its way from his mouth.
“We need them to get us out before their boss comes.  I heard only three of them in the truck, we can overpower them if they're the only ones here.”. He whispered.  John's breathing was still heavy.  Sherlock continued, “Besides, I need to get you back to Baker Street.”
"Perhaps." Sherlock replied, marveling at the feel of John's body on his.  Strange... We've touched before, but this is completely different.  Close... Warm... He suddenly wished he could see John's face.  He wanted to see if he was flushed, just as Sherlock felt.
When they made it to the main road, they found themselves on the opposite side of London, near Albert Road, almost at the mouth of River Thames.  They hailed a cab, and Sherlock settled in, steepling his hands under his chin, turning to stare at John.
“Idiot.” He whispered back, moving up slightly, so he could reach the detective's face. “I've always come willingly. Always will, idiot.” You're everything, don't you see? He finally was able to reach his face, and was happy to find the sharp cheeks.  He tried to soften his voice.  “And you'll always have my back, yeah?”. Sherlock was nodding under his touch, but John heard the men coming back.
“Thanks for that,” John murmured, looking at Sherlock, “What took you so long?”. Sherlock gave a smirk.
"No! Shush." The detective said and John stilled.  The truck had stopped. Did they hit something? Flat tire? He listened and heard muted voices.  They were going the opposite direction. Ah... Stopped for food or gas... Damn.
Sherlock paused, "Although, even with a watch, I probably wouldn't be able to see it..." He trailed off.
John felt bemused, “Why?” He whispered back, as their crate was jostled out of the truck.  Sherlock used the movement as an excuse, and his hand landed on John's cock.
“No! Shush.”  And they listened.  John heard voices getting quieter and the crunch of their feet. Ah… a pit stop. Well… the crate is locked from the outside, so still, not much hope there…
John's fingers started to unbutton the long coat, and he could feel Sherlock's hands move to his back.  John started kissing him again, nibbling on his bottom lip.  He took his time opening the coat, wanting to savor the moment, but also to give Sherlock time to stop him if wanted.
Oh god, yes.  John thought distantly.  John's hands had found their way to Sherlock's chest, and were fisted in the Belfast he was wearing.  Sherlock's hands moved from his face to his hair, and John felt himself arch at the touch.  Sherlock gave a soft gasp at the arch, and John trailed kisses down his jaw, turning the gasp into a low moan.  Oh… John thought heatedly.  He could feel himself get hard, and suddenly, quite desperately, he wanted Sherlock to feel it too.
“Although, even with a watch, I probably wouldn't be able to see it…” The detective trailed off, apparently lost in thought.
"Ah... Never mind... Just disoriented, as I said."  He replied.  John shifted again, bringing his face closer to Sherlock's.  Oh...
“Oh, Christ! Sherlock, please!”. John moaned, gripping at Sherlock's back and shoulders.  He ripped off the offending garment and kissed his way down to John's groin.  Finally, his mouth found John's cock and he took as much of it as he could in his mouth, John groaning and whimpering in response.  Oh the taste, the heat. Oh fuck.  John. John. John!
"John..." Sherlock heard himself say, and his hands seemed to move on their own accord.  From John's arms, moving upwards slowly.  "John... I apologize for getting you into this mess."  He whispered, and he felt John stiffen.  Oh... He thought again.
Sherlock couldn't stop his roaming hands, he wanted to catalogue every inch of the doctor's body.  As he and John continued to deepen their kisses, Sherlock's touches turned rougher, and his caresses turned to scratching nails. Oh, Christ… I need more… more… MORE.  His hand dipped down to John's pants, intent on ripping them off.  John arched again at the contact.
John obliged, adding his second finger, then a third.  He ached to feel every inch of Sherlock.  He knew his fingers were too short to reach his ultimate goal, so he stretched Sherlock as much as he could before withdrawing quickly and lining up with his entrance.  Sherlock looked up at him, pleading.  John nodded once, and took the plunge, feeling the heat and tightness from the man underneath.  “Oh fucking Christ… oh fuck…”  he groaned greatly, hearing Sherlock groan as well.
Sherlock awoke to darkness.  Darkness was everything.  He moved his arms and legs slightly. Ah, good, not bound.  Next his neck and back.  Shit... His head throbbed.  He let out a short groan and tried to reach in his pocket, only to realize his side was covered.  He lifted his free hand and reached to feel his surroundings.  Metal, approximately 7 by 5 container.  Locker? Cooler?  Never mind, sealed from the outside.  Will have to listen, surprise attacker when stopped.  What is on top of me?  Where is John?  He reached his hand to his side and felt relief.  Ah, John. Everything will be alright.
"Us just being there was enough.  I'm 96% we would have still ended up in this crate.  I just hurried the process.". He hissed the last syllable, for John accidentally prodded too hard.  John mumbled an apology and asked for his scarf.  "Why the scarf?" He asked, moving his arms around John awkwardly to untie it.
Their crate jostled, and John was thrown upon Sherlock, both of them groaning.  Oh damn… John thought, and spoke.  “S-s-sorry! Oh god, Sherlock, I'm sorry!”. He tried to move away, but Sherlock grabbed his arms.
After a few moments, John spoke again.  "Do you want me to move?". His hands had left Sherlock's face.
Is it just from our capture?  The fact that we may not get out alive?  I don't know what's come over me… all I want to do is keep you with me… Would it be different if we were at Baker Street?  I need more data…
"Alright..." John paused, "How long have we been driving, do you think?". He asked, moving slightly.  Their hips met, and Sherlock resisted the urge to arch to be closer.  Oh...do you know what you do to me, John Watson?
Sherlock's lips found John's again, and this time the kiss was soft, a nimble hand coming to John's cheek.  John whimpered at the touch, and at the meaning that seemed to come from this kiss.  You're mine, and I'll take care of you.  John's hands came to the nape of Sherlock's neck, entangling his hands into the dark curls.  The detective moaned into John's mouth and John hoped his meaning got across.  And you're mine, and I've got your back.
He felt himself straining, and he knew he wanted, no needed John to touch him, to be inside of him.  He lifted his head and moved to kiss John, the doctor whimpering at the loss of his mouth.  “John...John… I need you now….” He paused and kissed him deeply.  “Please, John.” John moaned in response, changing their position.  As he did, he peeled off Sherlock's pants, brushing his fingers on the detective's arse.  Sherlock bucked in response, “Christ, John… how… oh… hm…” John's fingers began teasing over his opening.
Suddenly, Sherlock growled, and he rolled, making John end on the bottom.  John let out a shocked gasp, which turned to a moan when Sherlock kissed and nipped his neck, moving to his right ear.  “We're not finished.” Sherlock hissed into his ear, and then bucked into John, his erection deliciously close to John's.  This made John moan, low and long, especially when Sherlock sucked on his lobe.
Sherlock's voice brought him out of his thoughts.  “I’m not sure… it's disorienting… the darkness… you…” What? Me? John thought.  Sherlock continued, “I should have worn a watch.”
Sherlock's brain was effectively shut up when John's mouth moved down his chest.  The doctor peppered kisses and nips as he went, stopping to suck and tongue Sherlock's nipple.  He gave a great gasp at the sensation, and bucked his hips, creating friction.  This caused them both to moan again, and John lifted his head for a moment and stared into Sherlock's eyes.
As Sherlock deduced, there were only three men, and they were easy to overpower, especially with well aimed punches to the neck, then temple.  The captors crumpled to the ground, and Sherlock shook his hand out before going around to the front of the truck.  John bent forward to look through the pockets of the passed out men.  He found his and Sherlock's mobiles, which he pocketed, but not his browning.  Keeping his eyes on the men and their surroundings, John went to the back of the truck, looking for something to tie them up.  He was pleased to find zip ties, and went to work on bounding their legs and hands.  Sherlock returned, John's browning in hand.
He recalled the crate, and the feel of John's body on his, and the heat that radiated from the both of them.  He wanted to store it in his mind palace forever.  After the doctor told the cabbie their address, he locked eyes with him, and grinned an easy grin.  He leaned over, placing a hand on Sherlock's thigh, and whispered in his ear, “Stop undressing me with your eyes. Plenty of time to do that when we get home.”  Sherlock felt a low moan come from his throat, and John leaned away, smiling, but not taking his hand away from the detective's thigh.  Sherlock had long removed the scarf from his head, to tie it around his neck again, but now, it felt constricting, too warm.
So when Sherlock left the flat so soon after Hamish's moody departure in a flurry of coattails, without so much as a word as to his motives, John didn't so much as look up from his paper. Because that's what trust was. That's what faith was. Only, maybe John had chosen the wrong morning to trust, the wrong morning for suspicion not to prick his placid thoughts.
“Hold on. Why? If there were two of them why was the body dragged - because it clearly was. What was the second person doing, just watching? Bit chuffin' lazy if you ask me, but
Sherlock chooses that moment to enter the room, casting an evaluative glance at the rearranged furniture. He quirks an inquisitive eyebrow at his son. “Get what done, exactly?” he asks.
birthday seemed an increasingly large blot on the horizon, a beast in his nightmares. He'd tried to bring himself to understand, but the Holmes trait of being infuriatingly difficult to decipher had been another one Hamish had inherited. Sure, John was aware of the stresses that accompanied the choices Hamish was on the verge of making, but a lot had changed. He couldn't deny it: he was getting old, and his views and comprehension of the world were out-dated, and he had already reluctantly resigned himself to the fact that there was little he could do to make these weeks easier for Hamish. Sentiment would push him away, alienate him, frustrate him further, so John simply became the
he said, echoing his flatmate's words when John himself had inquired about the skull all those years ago.
He proceeded to pad, barefoot, through the flat and into the kitchen in search of something to satisfy the hunger which had been impatiently swelling and calling from the pit of his stomach since he’d left the hospital. His search of the fridge and so-habitual-it-was-almost-subconscious manoeuvring through the experiments, body parts and
John's roaring inferno eventually dwindled and they fell into silence. They didn’t speak for the rest of the day, and as the sun retreated over the horizon, as if retiring into a trench before rising again on the war zone the next day, the silence did not falter.
of John in their own right. Sherlock would always wonder if Hamish sensed this, appreciated their true value. His emotional intelligence was stunningly finely tuned, he’d always been able to detect the slightest shifts in moods. He was observant on a level Sherlock wasn’t, he observed
Hamish mirrored John's frustration with a sigh of his own, slinking past him and into the kitchen. He discarded his bag onto the kitchen table, silently slipping two slices of bread into the toaster. John leaned against the door frame, observing him with his lips pursed. Hamish reminded him in so many ways of Sherlock, and not necessarily Sherlock's favourable attributes. Sherlock was, for all intents and purposes, a sulky teenager, and coupling that demeanour with an
“Because if we're having this discussion then we're having it face to face. It was not being open enough with each other that got us in this mess.”
Benson had resurfaced at the perfect moment in their lives, and if John believed in fate at all he'd be eternally grateful to her.
“It's statistically more likely”, Hamish responded simply. “Now, look.” He directed the mouse to point at the word 'sorry' carved into each of the victims backs. “
George made no further attempts to prolong the journey, John was not going to calm any further. He was like a gas leak, and the longer he was left the more gas would come pouring from every crack and fracture. The reality of the situation was that waiting for them at St Bart's were two naked flames and there was no preventing the inevitable explosion.
In his late teenage years, Hamish had converted his room to suit a more minimalist theme than its previous childhood incarnations. The walls were bare aside from the cork pin board above the head of the bed – displaying various family photos, photos of Hamish when we was young, letters and cards of particular sentimental value, and a few autographs, the most central of which was a signed polaroid of an 8 year old Hamish and his favourite formula 1 driver – and one solitary poster above his desk at the opposite side of the room. The various pin-sized holes across the room told of the different posters which the walls had seen over time; posters which were taken down and replaced as Hamish traversed different phases and adopted different interests. The presence of some was more fleeting than others. Those walls had certainly seen variety, from a borderline obsessive admiration of Buzz Aldrin when he was 9, to the various Marvel posters which had graced the light blue walls. John smiled to himself, remembering fondly the day he'd introduced Hamish to the Avengers when he'd come across some of his old comics whilst searching for something else – the identity of which had long since escaped him. Hamish had been engrossed in them, despite Sherlock's mutterings that such pursuits as comic books and superheroes were nonsensical and childish. (John had, of course, pointed out that Hamish
“My only condition”, John said finally, shattering the somewhat uneasy silence that had fallen. “You stay out of the firing line. You solve what you can from here. The rest, your father and I will deal with. And don't you two go thinking you're out of the woods yet, either. This isn't over.” He cleared his throat a little. “What do we know?” he asked, peering over Hamish's shoulder at the screen of Sherlock's laptop. Sherlock took a seat, remaining silent and nodding slightly as a cue for his son to begin outlining the case. Hamish pulled up a series of images which filled the screen, photos of each of the victims in turn.
John rolled his eyes. “Are you seriously telling me you've downed beer out of that thing?” George's smirk gave John the answer.
“That was the conclusion I reached”, Sherlock replied. He had known that John would want to do whatever was best for Hamish, and he wanted the same. Sherlock had accepted, whether John wanted him around or not, that he would want them to present a front of solidarity for the sake of their son.
This chapter was going to be longer, but I didn't want to keep you (or my nagging friend who hates me for the heartbreak I've put her through with this fic) waiting, so I decided to divide it into two. It was in two parts anyway so the second will come in a day or two.
He sat awake in the worn chair, picking absently at the faded and torn covering. His body wanted him to sleep, urged him to succumb to the clinical lullaby of gentle beeping and surrender to unconsciousness. He didn't want to. He plainly refused to slip into slumber.
that the words 'triple homicide' would become fairly frequent flyers in the Watson-Holmes vocabulary, but
Why in the hell did Hamish need careers talks when he was so certain he'd already found his calling? Sherlock was certain too, and Hamish had learnt from a very young age that Sherlock Holmes was never wrong.
The blood that had seeped from the wound in Hamish's chest right under John's fingertips as the life and colour had drained from his face. The same blood which now stained the floor of that god-forsaken factory and had spread like a virus across the dusty tiles as Hamish had choked and spluttered.
kind of way. In the all consuming possessive way which always rendered Captain Watson a force to be reckoned with. A passionate and driven rage: controlled fury. But now a red mist had descended and the rage was so much more. The rage was an inferno fuelled by betrayal, heartbreak and flickers of regret and even guilt. It wasn't a vengeful anger targeting an enemy, it was a whirlwind and all it was destined for was all out destruction and devastation. Benson couldn't let John inflict that kind of damage – he needed time to work through the raw anger which was coursing through him and collect himself. Which is why George was grateful when the reply from Lestrade directed them to St Bart's hospital, the change of direction extending the journey time and buying time for John's emotions to order themselves. Yet, George still opted for the longest route he could manage through London's streets without arousing suspicion. If John had recognised what his old friend was doing, he certainly didn't acknowledge it. The drive remained silent, and any conversation remained gridlocked in the jam of unwavering tension.
It took him considerable effort to keep the grimace from his face as he chastised himself internally.
"George, I'm sorry...It's just, you think you've done everything you can for a kid you know?" He ran his hands over his face, puffing out a short breath. George found himself wishing he hadn't met John's eyes then, because in that moment he'd seen a man more broken than the one who left him behind in Afghanistan. There was something more torturous than just hurt in those eyes; it was a sense of
Grateful, however, was definitely not the first adjective which could be applied to either Sherlock's or John's current state.
“Okay, so...signature?” John's brow furrowed slightly, his eyebrows knitting together as he tried to make sense of the torrent of new information.
"I should go back and clean the flat up a bit," John remarked into the silence of the St Bart's lab that Sherlock had confined himself to.
have done given the situation. There was no avoiding the post mortem of events though, was there? Nobody ever, in the history of catastrophic events and tragedy, had ever come away feeling like they did all they could. There would always be doubts of
He smirked. Today just got better and better. Here was his lift, and thus his escape from the tedium of careers day and into the realm of his first triple homicide investigation.
In the early mornings, when Hamish cried, Sherlock would be the one to go to him, soothing him back into a contented sleep or quietly playing with him to keep him happy. Sherlock insisted upon this, wanting John to sleep until it was really necessary for him to wake ready for his morning shifts at the clinic. John did his fair share overnight, but Sherlock was always the one to take on the early morning tears, successfully allowing John a precious extra hour or so of sleep. John had protested initially, feeling guilty that Sherlock had taken on sole responsibility for their son in the early hours, and feeling that he himself wasn’t effectively pulling his weight. Sherlock assured him that such guilt was ridiculous and they soon settled into the regular routine of it; Sherlock minding Hamish in the early hours, and John taking on the role of primary parent for a few hours upon his return from work to allow Sherlock to visit Scotland Yard, or perform any tests he needed to complete in peace. It suited them both, this kind of working relationship, and still allowed plenty of time for them to spend together. John's favourite mornings were weekends, when Sherlock would bring Hamish into their bedroom and John would awake slowly to the sound of his son's soft babbling from Sherlock's lap beside him. Hamish would greet John with a soft bop on the nose, and John would respond by gently pressing a kiss to easy of his son's tiny digits. They would all rise together on these mornings, John pulling his young son tightly into his arms and holding him to his chest as they moved into the kitchen for breakfast. Hamish would curl his fist around John's dog tags, clinging ever so lightly to them. This morning routine crumbled as Hamish grew older and became increasingly repulsed by early mornings; early mornings being defined as any hour before midday. And so Sherlock went back to his early morning violin recitals and John, once again, got used to waking up to find him gone from their bed each morning.
I am to see you pursuing the family business with such gusto, dear Hamish.” His voice was dripping with sarcasm. “Your parents must be so proud”. Hamish bristled beside him. The mockery he could deal with, but he wouldn't be held responsible for his actions should Mycroft descend into slurs against his parents – of any shape or form. He gritted his teeth, desperately holding his tongue, resisting the urge to deploy a ruthless retort about Mycroft's
A puzzled expression briefly flashed across Sherlock's face, his brow creasing slightly as he responded, his voice laced with both indignation and confusion. “Don't be absurd. Of course they are...”
“Are you going to open it?” Sherlock was staring at him now. He'd laid down his cutlery and had folded his hands neatly in his lap. John blinked slightly, pulling himself back from his thoughts.
“That's 'The World's Only Consulting Detective' to you”, John corrected with a smirk. He shrugged. "Same as living with anyone else. Except Sherlock's...not like everyone else."
John had not said a word. Not even to Sherlock; he didn't even meet his eyes. Even as they sat in the back of an ambulance, their son unresponsive between them, John said nothing. Even as they waited in the bland and hauntingly empty corridors of the hospital, with their clinically white walls. As surgeons battled to save Hamish, battled to prevent his lung collapsing and to stem the flow of blood from his chest. John said nothing.
Sherlock was silent, as he always was when faced with his own humanity. There was a time where he'd grunt in discontented opposition, contest any implication that somewhere within him there was the capacity for sentiment. Now, however, it merely silenced him. He'd withdraw to wallow in his own discomfort, still terrified by the vulnerability that his heart exposed him to. He didn't object to it as vehemently as in those early days, he just allowed the words to stagnate in the air. John's brow would always furrow at the way Sherlock's mouth formed a tight line, baffled by the detective’s propensity to still shy away from the way his heart sometimes betrayed him. He'd given himself to John over the years, and heaven knows they'd had numerous conversations about the ideas that Mycroft had planted in Sherlock's head from a young age about love's definition as nothing more than a dangerous weakness. They'd started as arguments; John's frustration manifesting itself, but then John's approach shifted. Arguing with Sherlock Holmes to try and change his steadfast beliefs about love was as effective as a chocolate teapot, and so John devoted his time to making sure Sherlock was loved so wholly and deeply that he could do nothing but reap the benefits.
Now, at the age of 5, Hamish was able to identify the sequence of letters which formed John’s name. He’d be able to analyse the curved base which distinguished a ‘T’ from the ‘J’ of ‘John’. He recognised the sound which the circle which followed it made, and the way in which the subsequent letters completed the overall sound of his father’s name. Hamish was actively encouraged to use their names if he so wished. Sherlock didn’t like the idea of pigeon-holing him into a certain form of address. Sherlock disliked the formality and stuffiness of father, and Daddy was far too naïve sounding. Hamish often referred to Sherlock as Dad, and John as Pa, but he was increasingly using their names as his mind developed. Mycroft disapproved, of course, insisted that ‘the boy’ should be more disciplined. Sherlock took great delight in the fact that Hamish frequently called his Uncle “old grumpy guts” to his face.
Sherlock gave a sad smile. “Now who's being an idiot.” John smiled back at him. There would be more discussions like this to follow, that was certain, but they'd wait. Their priority had to be Hamish. However, John's current priority was making sure Sherlock got some food down him first.
“Good. Now, see what you can tell me about the body.” Sherlock began walking back towards the unfortunate 30-something splayed out on the ground, but Hamish remained where he was.
“What's the latest?” John really hadn't spared a single though for the case in the last 8 hours, and who could blame him, but since his friend was stood before him with a leg missing he felt he should at least ask. George looked up to meet John's gaze, his eyes were laden with the same victorious spark that John had seen so many times in Afghanistan. However, the light blue was underpinned by a battle-worn grey.
A wry chuckle escaped Hamish's lips, earning him a cautious glare from the sour looking woman sat across from him: today wasn't going to be such a bad day after all.
a child and that Sherlock shouldn’t be jealous of his son's admiration of the scientific and technological ingenuity of Tony Stark. John had also told him that he shouldn't periodically interrupt the Iron Man movies by pointing out any inaccuracies, however major he saw them to be.)
“Benson. Keep him occupied.” He tilted his head slightly in his son's direction. “Stay out of trouble. That applies to the pair of you.”
George held up a hand. "Don't worry about it. We've come to terms with it. Besides, got a cracking niece to make up for it.” He withdrew another photo, handing it to John as he handed back the wedding snap. John smiled down at the photo in his hands; beaming up at him was a young girl, six or seven years of age, with fiery red hair in thick waves and emerald green eyes. Freckles dappled her dimpled cheeks. George identified her as Darcy - his features illuminated by pride.
Maybe he finally understood what was at stake. He had the aura of a man who had lost everything, and John was struck with the realisation that Sherlock had spent his time
Something snapped, and the speed with which the halves of the strands snapped back, pulling away from each other in the cluttered noise of John's head, was enough to give him whiplash. He barked a sickened laugh.
, heroes too. He was overwhelmed by the pressure of just trying to make them as proud to call him their Son as he was to call them his parents.
“This whole mess is your fault, Sherlock! You better pray -” He faltered, feeling the bile thicken in his throat. “You better
“What does she say?” John asked George, quietly, on one such morning, as Sarah stood by Hamish's bed once more, leaving her daily caress along his forehead. “She whispers a verse to him. Every time”, he added, by way of explanation. “It's in Gaelic, I think, so I assume you taught it to her.”
“It destroyed me. I was consumed by guilt, every waking hour, that I’d never done enough to spend time with him. That I was so focused on everything else that I forgot to be his son.” He swallowed hard at the lump in his throat. “So I compensated after he died. From then onwards,
“No b-Hamish...no biggie? You're 14! Sherlock. 14 year old son. Crime scene. No.” Hamish remembered his Dad's reddening face, and Sherlock's unwavering neutral expression. Hamish hadn't technically gone
He quickly rinsed the remaining suds of shampoo from his hair before shutting the shower off and haphazardly ruffling a towel over his hair to partially dry it. He wrapped the towel around himself, fixing it in place, and gathered up the pile of dirty clothes he'd discarded on the floor before heading into the bedroom.
Private George Benson is based on a real soldier. He fought with the Northumberland Fusiliers in the Great War (The First World War) and was enlisted in Nenagh, Co. Tipperary in 1917 and died in the same year.
John clears his throat. “So, you just want us to say Happy Birthday?” Hamish nods. “What's her name...this
Sherlock believed his face betrayed not a morsel of his heart. Sherlock believed he didn't even possess a heart. John knew better. Whether John was adept at deciphering the detective, or whether Sherlock simply unknowingly let his façade slip – his mask crumble – when he was alone with the army Doctor, John was unsure. What he was sure of, was the conclusion he'd drawn from those striking blue irises.
. Not to his parents though – Sherlock understood him. Despite Sherlock's reluctance to admit it, Hamish was going through the same turbulence that he'd always suffered growing up. Hamish often found himself contemplating what a lonely childhood, no, what a lonely
Mycroft grunted and staggered back slightly, releasing his grip on the handle of his umbrella and letting it fall to the floor as he clambered for purchase on the arm of the chair behind him. He dropped down into it, grimacing as he moved a hand up to run his finger tips over where a Picasso of blue and purple would soon begin to paint itself on his cheek. He looked up, recovering from the dazed expression which briefly possessed his features, and shot John an icy glare through narrowed eyes.
He made it his mission, one which he embarked upon with furiously passionate devotion. Anyone else would have failed to register the effects it had on the detective. They still saw the cold, impenetrable exterior they'd always known, but John could see that his efforts had not been in vain. He saw it in those softened gazes and adoring smiles he was blessed with. He felt it in the gentle touches, the ghosting of skin on skin, the subtle caresses, the way Sherlock would reach for John's hand in the back of a cab. This evolved into minuscule and almost undetectable changes in Sherlock's behaviour in those frequent cab rides; the way John could feel just a slight increase in the heat from Sherlock's body, a slight and gradual decrease in the inches of those worn back seats between them. He could hear it in Sherlock's compositions, see it in the contrast between his lazy gracing of strings and the carefree and jovial movements he made around the flat as he played when noone but John was watching. Later, John saw it in the way Sherlock gingerly cradled their son, the way his mouth formed a lazy but radiant smile. He heard it in Sherlock's quiet murmurs to Hamish as he was sleeping.
George couldn't quite put his finger on what made this boy so...there wasn't even a word. He just was. All angles, pale contours and perfectly thrown shadows, enchanting blue eyes coordinating perfectly giving an overwhelmingly aristocratic air. It should have been intimidating, that lean, sleek form with its harsh lines and dark shadows, but there was a warmth to him. Those eyes radiated a soft emulation of a look he knew so well, but struggled to assign to a face. His light curls framed his face just so, giving him an angelic aura whilst not giving him the associated innocent roundness to his face. It was like each feature of him had within it the direct contrasting element and they were competing for a foothold in the foundations of this remarkable teenage boy. George had no explanation for it, at least not until the word
The factory was crumbling and structurally unsound, and that was the most positive of all John's assessments. The brickwork was decaying and worn, and the resulting dust which swamped the air was illuminated by the streams of fractured light which crept through the maze of broken windows. The light was poor, however. The scale of the building and the position of the windows towards the top of its colossal walls, left a lot to be desired in terms of visibility. Some rooms, he'd discovered, were empty and deserted, the soft and now early-evening light barely penetrating their walls. Others were crowded with long since redundant pieces of machinery from the building's noble wartime effort. They remained dormant, locked in their own period, and cloaked John in a prickly unease as he'd made his initial sweep of them. He felt like an intruder; like a sharpened needle piercing the bubble of lost time the rooms were cocooned in. He knew, however, that it would be in one such room, with their labyrinths of rusty and sleeping metal workers, and their cloaking shadows, that they would find who they were looking for. The person whom, thanks to their son's timely but
“I'm serious,” he continued, his voice grave. “You need to go home. Get washed, change into to fresh clothes. Get a decent meal down you and
“Try again.” Sherlock was stood behind him, obviously having followed his line of sight and read Hamish's deduction plainly in his face. “Look closer. Come on Hamish it's in the
George gave John a warm smile. “Sarah”, he began gazing off somewhere into the mid-distance. “Rose to my thorn, that woman. Dragged me through the mud by m'ear and I love her for it. Hold on...” He shifted slightly where he was sat, and pulled out a battered old leather wallet, flicking it open and withdrawing a photo and leaning over to bridge the gap between himself and John to hand it over. It was a wedding photo; George in his regiment’s parade uniform, and his wife stood next to him radiant and happy in an ivory wedding gown. Her heart-shaped face, framed by long, sleek, ebony hair, boasted startling green eyes. “Beauty isn’t she?” George remarked, beaming.
John could feel the heat building behind his eyes, reds and oranges and flashes of white as the spark of animalistic rage swelled into a blaze of a more startling intensity. Every nerve in his body pulled tighter and tighter, screaming and wailing and begging for a release, waiting for something to sever the stretched threads and release the restrictive tension.
His attention was abruptly stolen from bathing in his own pride and the basking in the impressed expression of Private Benson by his mobile phone buzzing in his pocket.
Hamish was humming with nervous energy as he made his way across the school grounds. The anticipation was coursing through each of his vertebrae in turn, urging him forward into a run. The muscles in his legs propelled him forward of their own accord, his body acting completely independent of thought, as if each cell in his body was wholly and completely sentient, and he was completely at their mercy. He rounded the corner of the science building, the scent of sulphur, methane, ethanol, pricking into his adrenaline heightened senses. His legs reluctantly slowed, steadying back to a walking pace as he made his final turn towards the front gate. It wouldn't do for his Uncle to witness him so excitable. It would only further lower his opinion of him; he'd think him nothing but a hyperactive child. Hamish's posture stiffened, his face masking the unrelenting throb of wired thoughts swarming his mind; the endless and thrilling possibilities presented by this new case. And in that instant he was reminded of Private George Benson's words.
(EDIT: Side note, if you want to keep up with goings on between updates you can follow me at hey-tesbutt.tumblr.com I usually moan about my writing woes on there and sometimes also ask for help with the tiniest of details so if you're down for that come join me)
Apologies for the delay on this one. I've had some personal stuff to sift through and this week has been quite emotionally draining, I've had neither the energy nor motivation to write. Do forgive me. :)
Sherlock shifts slightly under the touch. “As much as I'd like to reciprocate this action, John” he begins. “We are being recorded, and I've been reliably informed by our son's internet history that whilst it's not uncommon for such things to be captured on tape, people are mostly paid for such displays.” John barks a laugh and Sherlock returns it with a light chuckle of his own. Hamish groans besides them, burying his face in his hands.
Hamish had said it himself. The accusation had been flung and it was making a beeline straight for John's rapidly sinking heart. How were they so out of tune? When did they start traversing different roads and end up so
It was undeniable just how much John had allowed this man to embed himself into his conscious, his subconscious and even his heart. He'd trusted him indefinitely from day one. Day one being the day he'd shot and killed a man in Sherlock's name without missing a beat.
“Spent at least 18 months feeling sorry for myself”, Benson added. John remained silent. He could see each and every day of those 18 months in the creases around his old comrade’s eyes; they’d aged him significantly. War had that effect. It cultivated bitterness and relentless nightmares. “Took a slap across the face to bring me to my senses. Night I sacked my therapist in a drunken rage, landlord’s daughter – barely even knew the lass – gave me a cold hard wallop.” Benson gave that trademark, mischievous grin which John knew so well and chuckled. “She’s now me’ wife.”
Hamish simply rolls his eyes and continues. “Friend of mine has a birthday coming up...I wanted to record a little message for her.”
In previous years Sherlock would have scoffed at the sentimentality and nostalgia of John's reminiscence. It took the fact that, not only was he tolerating the sharing of memories as he slowly picked at the food John had prepared for him, but the fact that he was also enjoying it, for him to realise how much being with John and being a father had softened him. When he'd first met John he was all scathing remarks and prickly temperament, but he'd mellowed. He hadn't realised quite how significant the change had been, and he figured that it was so gradual that nobody else had either, but it was definitely there. He was definitely a better man. Listening to the soft and gentle timbre of John's voice as he wistfully recounted memories of Hamish's younger days was soothing, to both of them. It was of particular comfort to John to reflect on them as he continued to thumb that crisp white envelope which, as it was becoming evermore apparent, potentially contained their son's future career prospects.
Sherlock's son. But he was also John's son, and John could see this with such startling clarity now. Hamish was so achingly like his Dad; he wanted nothing more than to simply
“Shh. Shh”, John cooed, hushing him. “We're gonna be okay.” He kissed his son's head before straightening. Hamish was whining now, the tears free-flowing, as the pain ripped through him on every breath. “Hamish. Look at me. Look. We're going to be okay.” And John wasn't thinking again. His hands were working and he wasn't thinking. He was just looking. Holding his son's petrified gaze and whispering soothing words as his hands took over, working with such haunting familiarity as they had so many times before; the life or death of a gunshot wound and the threat of a punctured lung waiting for them like an old friend.
“No need to thank me. Consider it a public service.” With that, Hamish retreated back into the throbbing crowd of students.
Sherlock swallowed. “John...” He bit his lip. He didn't know what to follow that with. He'd hoped the gentle caress his voice gave John's name may serve to soothe him slightly, and that the rest would come flowing from him like an untapped oil well. But the truth of it was that Sherlock was so hopelessly lost and out of his depth. What was one supposed to say to their partner when between them in a hospital bed lay their only son in a medically induced coma?
“I'll stay with him for you, I've just been discharged so I can stay up here. I won't leave his side. I promise you.” Benson's eyes were begging and sorrowful. John looked withered and exhausted, and George couldn't help but see the suffering in him – that harrowed shadow that had been left behind by the hurricane of the last few hours. He was trying to hard to be firm, to command John to leave and rest, but really he was begging, pleading.
” He finishes, his voice having gone up an octave or two. Sherlock and John break apart, laughing heartily at the way Hamish's nose has wrinkled up contributing to the look of pure indignation on his face.
and his heart stuttered once more before kicking back into its rhythm. John looked back to his hands, still stained with the reddish brown of his son's blood. He'd not made a move to wash them. He'd not even thought to.
Of course not. Hamish was already feeling foolish for having doubted him. After all, this wasn't the first time Sherlock had taken him out of school for cases. He smiled to himself the memory of his first case: his 14
again, the composition acting as a fitting tribute on this day of all days. John found himself crying openly; choked sobs of hurt and remorse. Then he found himself in Sherlock's arms; warm and tight and protective.
John allowed himself a rueful laugh before muttering a disgruntled “Thanks” and collapsing back into his chair. Across from him, George had lowered himself back into the wheelchair and manoeuvred it closer to the hospital bed.
John smiled to himself at the memory, each detail of that first chilli heightened by the one he was currently eating. He still marvelled at the knack Hamish had for combining flavours, the way he made his chilli so perfectly tuned to each of their pallets simultaneously. Sherlock so rarely ate at all, and it was unheard of for him to finish a plate of food, but he never left a single ounce of Hamish's chilli. Thinking of the way his son's proud grin spread across his face upon seeing a complete set of empty plates and his three taste testers so very satisfied with their meal, made John's heart swell in his chest. He longed to see Hamish smile like that again. He longed to have them all together, smiling like that again.
Hamish rolled his eyes, “Oh god no. They’re both as bad as each other in correcting the text book every other page. I don’t think they realise I’m getting an A level and not a PhD…” he laughed, “And, I’ll let you into a secret…I don’t always want to know everything about everything. Sometimes I want to do the bare minimum.” He chuckled.
"Ah”, George responded simply. He had rarely been phased by anything in the time John had known him, and apparently he wasn't going to start now. "Sherlock Holmes then...”, he continued. “What's it like living with the 'Great Detective'?"
Hamish quirked his head back towards where the painkillers were being fed through his IV drip. “This stuff’s pretty good, I just try not to move too much. Getting shot hurts like a mother-”
John sighed, he was neither prepared nor in the mood to face Sherlock. He took a breath and closed his eyes briefly to calm himself.
“Forced killings, yeah”, Hamish finished grimly. His voice was grace but quieter as he added. “The killer is a victim too. They're being forced to beat people to death. Somehow they're finding a way to leave these messages on the bodies before they're forced to drag them to a ditch somewhere.” Hamish clenched his eyes shut for a moment, his nose wrinkling slightly in disgust. He could feel John tense slightly beside him, and he knew that he too was struggling to keep the bile from rising in his throat. This case had turned out to be bigger than any of them had anticipated. Bigger, and infinitely more sick and twisted.
Hamish was walking hastily down the road to the Baker Street tube station, trying his best to suppress his frustration. His plan had been to make Sherlock realise what an utterly
Hamish's scowl faltered as his mouth quirked upwards slightly. "When have you ever known me to be normal?" John couldn't deny the obvious; Hamish nothing if not extraordinary. That much was certain, but John couldn't help the slight pang of sorrow that Hamish seemingly viewed this as anything less than the blessing that it was. His doubt was promptly shattered as his son's grin widened, indicating his jesting nature, and he continued. "I mean, I didn't stand much of a chance with my parentage did I? After all, one of my Dads is arguably one of the greatest minds to ever live..." He paused briefly, looking away from John as he allowed the words to settle as a gentle warmth over him. "...and the other is Sherlock Holmes."
John sat up in bed, straining his ears to pick out some sign of the detective from the silence of the flat, but he detected nothing but silence. It was disconcerting. Sherlock's violin had become his silence to the point where complete silence was both alien and down right terrifying. His breath hitched, his breathing halted and his body stiffened completely, as his ears desperately sought some sign of the detective. John's heart and lungs stuttered back into a relieved rhythm as the soft sound of Sherlock's bow drawing out three long and low notes across the strings of his violin drifted in a gentle whisper through the flat. Another silence followed, but John was at ease with the delicate resonance of the last three notes still tickling the air and lightly gracing his ear drums. Another note, this time shorter and a little higher, trembled under the meeting of the bow and strings as John made his way through the flat.
He was ready to shoot the nurse, who tentatively peeked around the door, down in flames. He was poised to chase her from the room with a torrent of profanities. However, he wasn't entirely sure he had it in him to be so brutal towards her. She was, after all, part of the team fighting to keep Hamish alive. And so, despite the venom towards the entire populous coursing through his veins, John kept his lips firmly and tightly sealed together. She was young, fresh-faced, her bright blue eyes only having recently finished absorbing information for exams. She was meek and polite, and John certainly didn't have the heart to use his catastrophic day as an excuse to ruin hers. She was only doing her job.
Sherlock was stood at the window; his dressing gown hung loosely from the lean form silhouetted against the amber glow of the sunrise. His violin rested neatly under his chin as he managed to scrawl a few notations on the sheet music in front of him. Before he cold resume, taking his bow in his hand once more, John spoke.
“I didn't even know he'd applied for University.” John said finally, dispelling the brief silence that had occupied the space between them.
“How would you describe me, John, resourceful, dynamic, enigmatic?” he'd said as he swanned in, emerging from the shadows, his striking form and smooth tone more than answering his own question.
“Oi. Enough of the cheek you”, John chastises, but in a mirthful tone. He barely even casts a glance and the rearranged furniture, apparently used to things in the flat going amiss. He moves round the back of the sofa, placing his arms over Sherlock's shoulders as he moves in to place a kiss on his cheek. Ignoring the disgruntled noise coming from Hamish, he moves to touch his lips lightly at Sherlock's neck.
mattered, I couldn't do it. Useless. You're bloody useless John Watson.” Tears were readily cascading down his face now as he openly chastised and verbally beat himself. He turned his face away fully, unwilling to allow Sherlock to witness him crumble. “I should have done something”, he uttered again.
of a childhood must you have had for you not to deem a single fraction of Sherlock's recent behaviour unacceptable? What kind of twisted messages and sloppy parenting did you receive for the presence of a 17 year old boy at a
John’s face split into a grin as he said one last goodbye, and as he left the hospital he felt lighter, drifting in the aura of his son's apparent fondness of his old army companion. There was an affection in Hamish's voice, a softness in his face as he spoke of him, the jovial remark towards Benson's trouble making nature that John knew all too well was wholly accurate.
For the first time, Hamish considered how his Dad would feel when he discovered that Hamish had decided to pursue an investigative career. Would he be disappointed that Hamish was following the blazing footsteps of Sherlock Holmes, and not taking after him? Hamish suspected this was an impossibility. His Dad was a kind spirit, a gentle man with an honest heart; he did not harbour such inane feelings as jealousy or disappointment. Yet, Hamish couldn't help but gnaw on that nagging feeling in the back of his mind. When would he be able to tell his Dad? When would
. But then he saw the look on Sherlock's face again, and his fortress of rage and his flaring white-hot consciousness crumbled. He looked over to his son, wired up to machine after machine, the soft beeping indicating life, but his form still lifeless and crippled. Hamish was stable, and yet John could still feel him slipping away. He was still consumed by an unwavering sense of loss. And now, he was pushing Sherlock away too. He was overwhelmed by the urge to run to him, to take back each and every scathing word. He needed to cling to him, massage every thoughtless wound and remind himself that there was a man beneath that broken exterior that loved him. He needed to latch onto something tangible, seeking comfort where it had always been.
Bit of a warning that updates will probably be all over the shop for the next couple of weeks while I prep to move to Uni.
Benson took the opportunity to speak; quiet and level. “Forgive me if I'm speaking out of turn, mate, but maybe you could reach a compromise on this.” John's eyes snapped open suddenly, his pupils blown wide, and his gaze fixed hard on George's face. He remained silent however, and Benson continued. “I mean, you don't even know what the case is yet, y'know? Could be a cold case; nothing but trawling through old records in search of something the ol' bill missed the first time round. I mean, I know that's probably not considered a
John considered this for a moment, and proceeded to pull his phone from his pocket and formulate a text.
He was divided between the two opposing and conflicting mindsets grappling at each other and desperately seeking a foothold inside his head. He didn't know whether to let the worry take the podium or whether his simmering anger was the more worthy opponent. He elected to dismiss them both for the time being and instead resolved to occupy himself in an attempt to ignore them completely. He needed to focus on himself, even if just for a few hours, because he was hungry and exhausted and, quite frankly, he really needed a wash. He strode purposefully over to the desk, depositing the handful of letters that he'd been holding onto it, before turning and heading towards the bathroom.
“Oh god no...” Hamish looks panic stricken and horrified, but Sherlock's already seized his hands to stop another attempt to gag him.
Was that what he was? He supposed it fit. Two halves of the same person: the ability to switch between the two like the flipping of a coin – heads to tails. An
Sherlock was bouncing on the balls of his feet now, his eyes blown wide as he meandered through the possibilities reverberating around his mind palace. “But it does”, he said after a few seconds. “It tells us everything. There
Both men had lost track of the time they'd been laying there, staring blankly into the shadows cloaking the room. The silence wasn't consumed by suffocating tension, it was just empty. Empty and thoughtless. They'd both been lost, thinking but not really. Neither of them really had the capacity or energy to think of anything, but the weight of everything seemed to crush their chests whilst simultaneously pressing from the inside, forcing its way up their throats.
and when Sherlock Holmes would think he would think in a depth incomprehensible to the majority of the population. Sherlock had already accepted that he was losing everything he cared about. “You're always so certain that you're right.”
There was a brief silence hanging between them. It wasn’t heavy in the air though, it was light and comfortable – just a familiar glow of companionship. “How about you then? Sherlock Holmes, eh?” He quirked an eyebrow. “You’ve been busy these 20 years.” He blushed slightly, rubbing a hand nervously at the back of his neck. “I-I’ve been following that blog of yours quite closely. Quite the life you’ve made for yourself. One half of the golden duo.”
That's how they stayed that night. John, cocooned in Sherlock's arms, drifting slowly into sleep lulled by the fading footprints of the notes in the air.
“We're supposed to be singing from the same hymn sheet, Mycroft.” John pressed his lips together as he rounded the end of Hamish's bed, closing the gap between himself and the other man. Being shorter than him didn't mean he couldn't crowd him, rise to his full height in a defensive manner. “We had an agreement,” he continued, his voice remaining level and steady but unmistakably laced with a
John and Sherlock were left alone, hands joined for hours on end across Hamish's hospital bed, not saying a word. John found himself fingering through the pile of birthday cards that he'd brought back with him from the flat, smiling to himself at the multitude of coloured envelopes, before resting them gently back onto the bedside table.
Recognising that same sequence of notes from a lazy morning which felt like a millennia ago, John allowed the warmth of the memory to display itself as a small smile on his face. As the piece came to an end, and the silence was left weighted with the dizzying nostalgia and longing, he felt the heated trail left by a single tear tumbling over his cheek. He swallowed thickly, fighting limply against the tightness in his throat.
John was silent. He simply had no more words left to express how sickeningly and dizzyingly angry he was. In front of him was the very person he'd banished from this excursion, panting and breathless and eyes wide with a mixture of panic and adrenaline. It was Sherlock who spoke first, his voice thin and his mouth drawn in a tight line.
John's voice came weak, and resigned, croaking with the weight of everything he couldn't fathom into words. “You're 17 years old, 'Mish. That shouldn't have to be your concern. It shouldn't be your
John didn't want to delve into anything too serious in the time he had Hamish's conscious attention, and so their conversations remained trivial and light-hearted. John repressed the urge to discuss what had happened, compressing his emotions into a tight and distant corner of his mind. He also fought against the desire to discuss Hamish's University application, which proved the harder of the two tasks, because John was excited beyond all possible reason. His hand would unconsciously drift to rest over the pocket of his jacket which contained Hamish’s acceptance letter. He hadn’t given it to him yet, he wanted to wait until his son was feeling stronger. And yet, he was so desperate to see his son read those printed words, to realise his achievement. John was anxious to start making plans, to start traversing the new road that Hamish was bound for; the preparation for one of the greatest leaps of his life.
A look of confusion crossed John's features. “Maybe he was just careless with the knife...that doesn't tell us anything.”
John mirrored his grin, a comforting warmth had descended on the room, and both men were practically glowing in each others contentedness. “Kids?” John asked.
the crime scene, though he had seen the body, and the murder weapon, and the suspect that Lestrade had already (incorrectly) had arrested. Once he'd got over the initial novelty of the situation, he'd set himself to the task as he would a maths problem and contributed quite effectively and significantly to the eventual conclusion of the investigation. He still remembered the look of pure pride and joy on Sherlock's face, the small curve of his lips, the brightness of his eyes:
And just like that he was thinking of Sherlock again, his heart aching slightly as it offered a weak plea for Sherlock's presence. John withdrew himself from those thoughts by mentally reciting the scientific and medical terminology for every inch of the body which his food would pass on its journey through his digestive system. He followed this by recalling the nutritional value of every ingredient in the meal he'd just consumed. Occupying his mind and neutralising his thoughts was becoming a harder task to manage, and it was draining him.
The dark felt so hopeless and unforgiving. John had just expelled a small, irritated sigh when he felt a slight shift on the other side of the bed. The extension of an arm into the space between them, the brush of fingertips against his own, long fingers hesitantly lacing themselves between John's as palms met. John noted the nervous hitch in Sherlock's breathing and sought to reassure him by gently squeezing his hand. Sherlock returned this gesture before gently running the pad of his thumb over the back of John's hand in a slow and soothing circular motion. John narrowed his thoughts to focus on the soft, repetitive caress, letting the comforting familiarity of the gesture ease him slowly into slumber.
Hamish raised one questioning eyebrow “How to make your own boots?” The corner of his mouth quirked up in a lopsided, cheeky smirk.
And for the first time in his life, Hamish Oliver Watson-Holmes did not question the answer, because he knew it was true.
John thought. He liked Greg, and thought he trusted him too, but Greg wasn't so dense as to not realise how
“He’s definitely your son”, Mycroft had once remarked, his face contorted with a look utter disdain. Sherlock had simply beamed, Hamish replicating a characteristically Sherlockian smirk in the face of Mycroft’s disgust.
“Pleasure meeting you, Private Benson, but I really must dash – family business.” With that, he turned on his heel and all but skipped towards the exit.
. It was in this trait that Sherlock had first acknowledged that their son was simply the best of both of them in one person. His emulation of John’s moral compass was endearing, for his understanding to be so advanced at his age. Maybe he simply enjoyed the feel of the tags against his soft palms, or marvelled at the different texture. Sherlock suspected it was a longing to be as close to John as possible which would drive a young Hamish to send his tiny fingers through the small folds of fabric between John’s shirt buttons in search of the them. Hamish couldn’t possibly understand then what they were, but that didn’t mean he didn’t acknowledge their significance. He was, after all, a Holmes and thus most certainly not oblivious.
John found himself having to confiscate the heavy collaboration of pages from his son out of principle, so he would actually get on with some proper studying for his exams. He scoffed a laugh at the situation. There was something completely alien and just
perhaps they'd reached an understanding. Apparently was wrong to ever have had the faith in them both that they wouldn't betray him and go behind his back like this. He gave a deep breath, steadying himself.
family was whimpering and howling like a wounded animal, and he couldn't even hate himself for wishing their places were reversed. John choked out something close to gratitude; he wasn't sure he'd managed to formulate any coherent words but he knew that Benson would have understood regardless. This assertion was confirmed as he struggled slightly towards him, leaning heavily on his crutch, and pulled John into a hug. It was awkwardly lopsided since Benson had to keep one arm supporting himself on his crutch, but John appreciated the comfort it gave him. It was the embrace of two comrades; a silent
But the truth of it is that I'm as knee deep in this as you two are. More innocent people are going to die.”
“Ah, so's you know your insignia, do ya'?” An impressed and knowing smile crossed the stranger's face.
“You can say that again. Man’s a genius. That trick he does...the one where he tells you your life story...” He puffed out his cheeks briefly before expelling the air. “Brilliant”
Hamish's uniform was crooked, unusually so. He was always immaculate, like his father. Perfectly pressed trousers and crisp shirt, navy tie done with the most even of knots, both ends matching up perfectly to the point that even the diagonal gold stripes were in line with their counterparts on the opposite end. This morning, however, his tie was at an angle. The small creases in the fabric were just as they always were, the knot still tight and even, but pulled to one side of the line of buttons on Hamish's shirt. It was obvious to Sherlock that he'd tied it as normal in the mirror before drawing it down and across. Sherlock's eyes flicked to the hem of his son's shirt: perfectly pressed, but untucked, displaying similar signs of engineered untidiness. This was a conscious effort, but why? To annoy John? Possible. More likely a signal, a discreet message to Sherlock. Of course John would be irritated at the state Hamish was in, but only Sherlock would notice those tiny details which screamed
“When I was your age,” he began, gaze drifting off to stare at a point beyond Hamish’s face, on the opposite wall “I lost my Dad.”
And if the accusations that Sherlock Holmes didn't have a heart were true, it was because it'd just crumbled into ash inside him.
have any substantial disposable income, the suit was his most expensive item of clothing. Why wear your most valuable item to a school careers fair? Hamish let his mind skitter over the facts once more in an evaluative swoop.
Sherlock Holmes had never been so taken with another human being in all his life. The way he looked at Hamish, the way he'd cradled him as a baby, the way he would affectionately stroke that mop of soft, blonde curls – it startled the air from John's lungs. These moments left John feeling so beautifully blessed, and the startling clarity they gave him simultaneously stopped and then restarted his quivering heart.
“Sherlock...” John made to move forward, but stopped when Sherlock gave a minute and almost undetectable shake of his head. “Look at me please”, he begged.
read a man's heart in his eyes. He could read honesty and reliability and trust in seconds. There was a lot to learn from a man's eyes; the way his pupils transform in the presence of someone he loves, the pattern of his blinking, the glaze of blue or green or brown, the shine of true joy and the tremble of fear, the blinding and exhilarating brightness of sheer
John's gaze softened a fraction, something more complex than hurt sewn within those irises. Hamish tried in vain to place it;
Without another word, or even so much as a scornful glance, Mycroft brushed his hands over his immaculate three piece and turned on his heel. As he opened the door John added critically, “And maybe
birthday. He wanted to resolve this as soon as Hamish was well enough, and his exams were out of the way.
“Hamish...why are you recording? Did Mycroft put you up to this? I bet he did, he's always been insufferable about 'family films'” Sherlock remarks scornfully. He slumps slightly, folding his arms in a childlike manner. Hamish rolls his eyes, before plastering a somewhat incredulous look on his face.
Hamish was a skilled actor. Not in the thespian sense – such activities were trivial and nonsensical – but in the sense that he had a refined ability to deceive, much like his father. Though, when Sherlock was bored beyond measure he didn't make such an exhaustive effort to disguise it. Hamish had inherited a suitable level of emotional intelligence from John and was thus more subtle about his boredom, slyly and silently manipulating situations to work in his favour, whereas Sherlock’s stubborn and brazen approach adopted no regard for the reactions of the idiot who was boring him. And so, rather than engaging in a display of his obviously superior intellect, Hamish wallowed in the continuous hum of various 'industry professionals' in the crowded school hall. He took the opportunity to brush up on his skills of deduction. It was the Holmes equivalent of people watching: observing every minute detail about an individual and plotting their whole life as a map, stretched out through his consciousness.
It was friendship and warm familiarity. It was the kind of embrace that could only be shared by two men who would fight and die together: it was the relief that the worst was over, but an unspoken
he'd been. Not only to have risked losing his son, but to risk losing John too. He was scared, because maybe he'd not just risked losing them, maybe he'd already lost them.
A brief smile creased Hamish’s face as he whispered his own muffled greeting, before it fell again. His eyes still shone with curiosity, but the pools of blue were tainted by a hollow, haunted look.
What were they doing here? Doubt. An ugly and destructive element against which Sherlock had endured a relentless struggle, and here it was again raising up on its hind legs and thrashing violently through his mind palace. But when Sherlock saw the way Hamish looked up at him, his eyes searching and full of hope and expectation; a begging to be noticed and approved of and
Hamish spied the man's destination: the last empty table only a couple of feet from where he was stood. He observed the man's approach silently, eyeing him with a tempered curiosity. He watched him fumble with the handle on the case, attempting to extend it in order to drag both it and the display board simultaneously. In a few strides, Hamish had moved to meet him, silently taking the display board from the man's grasp and leading him to the waiting table. His hands found their way back into the pockets of his school trousers and he resumed his earlier observational stance. The man looked at him, his grey eyes yielding curiosity. Hamish wasn't used to looks like that, people would usually run a mile, but this man was utterly unphased by him. Battle worn eyes, older than the rest of his face, withered and aged by war. Hamish was acutely aware of the fact that the man's hands had halted in their habitual actions of unpacking leaflets and information packs from the case onto the table. He straightened, turning fully to face Hamish.
Benson shot back a lopsided grin. “Always wanted to be a military intelligence officer – it's something of a hobby. And it's not
Fuming was the only word for it. If this had been a cartoon, George could have sworn he'd have been able to see the steam coming off John in the passenger seat. In all the years they'd served together he'd never seen John angry like this. He'd seen him angry in the
” John turned and took two steps away, running a hand through his hair before rounding on him again. “Christ, Sherlock! Don't get me wrong, I accepted
“He knew it would irritate you”, Hamish shot back bitterly, “which I'm judging to have been a correct assessment.”
Sherlock's violin routine had halted when Hamish was born and he took to laying awake in bed in the mornings for fear that even the softest of footsteps would rouse their son from his delicate slumber. He'd sit, stifled and rigid with tension, until he felt the slight movement of John waking beside him or the gurgled babbling of his son through the baby monitor. This practice had been put to an end by John's insistence that Sherlock needn't stifle himself so heavily for the sake of not waking them. John had assured him that Hamish was a heavy sleeper and that as long as Sherlock avoided the violin and anything remotely explosive, all would be well. Not to mention that having to remain still and silent made the detective irritable, and John was always keen to nip Sherlock's black moods in the bud before they had the opportunity to evolve.
. His eyes flicked to the next table; an unremarkable accountant, old hat at the job and unwillingly pushed into the careers fair circuit as he approached retirement.
Without a word, Benson place his mug on the floor next to his feet, and stood up. When John cast him a weary and questioning look, he said simply “Get in touch with whoever it is you need to. I'll drive.” John silently considered this for a few seconds before George insisted “No arguments.”
A silence fell again, but not the companionable silence they'd held before. This time it was suffocating and uncomfortable. George swallowed thickly, fixing his full attention on the road, meandering through the throngs of traffic. John was left to his thoughts. The traffic was infuriating him. The claustrophobia of the traffic jam just made him more irritable, and he cursed London for conspiring against him like this. The city he loved so well was throwing bloody
Hamish gave a sharp nod before sinking closer to the ground to re-evaluate his earlier conclusion. Sherlock, of course, was right. The body had been dragged, yes, but there were clear marks of more than one set of shoes having moved through the tracks.
I know how these things end. People get hurt!” John was visibly bristling now, his chest heaving with the pent up anger.
was the slow but steady sequence of beeps of his son's heart rate beside him. Hamish was still fighting, and John wasn't about to let him fight alone.
proud of him. Sherlock impossibly so, though he'd never confess as such. Hamish could see it in the way he looked at him lately, like nothing in the world could ever taint the pride he had in his son, his son who'd followed him so ardently into the career he loved so much. Hamish knew he had a long way to go to reach the levels of finesse with which Sherlock solved a case, to be able to dissect something with such precision, but each time he'd made a spot on deduction or pinpoint accurate observation, he would steal a look at his father. He revelled in the look that crossed Sherlock's features when he made progress, each time his skills were sharpened just that little bit further. Yes, Sherlock was proud of him, there was no doubt. Hamish was certain John was proud of him too, but it was difficult for John to be proud of a talent he wasn't witnessing blossom before him in the way Sherlock was.
His mind wouldn't let him, even if he had wanted to. His whole conscious mind was drowning, buried and crushed under the weight of the rubble of his life. The last 8 hours had left him exhausted, drained and hopeless. He was utterly lost, flagging and wandering completely disoriented through his mind. He was pitifully wading through the storm of betrayal and heartbreak, of regret and loathing. His mind was a kaleidoscope; washes of dark blues of despair and pools of desperate purples, contrasted with angry red and oranges and blindingly bright white. And then there was black; a small but achingly all-consuming shadow, hidden away but frighteningly prominent. It was pulling John to wallow in a pit of sorrow, to close everyone and everything out and let it take him. He was tempted by it, considered that it may offer him some peace. The only thing left anchoring him in the
“My priority is my brother, and my brother was well. I had no business interfering with matters”, Mycroft responded in clipped tones.
Changes in his temperament so subtle that they almost weren't there; just gentle shadows and slivers of progress, but Sherlock's sharp edges had softened. The coarse shards of his character had become velvet. And yet, he still became guarded and withdrawn in the face of these new truths. He folded inwards, like the delicate new petals of a flower shying away from their own beauty. The man he had become still unsettled him, still caught him off guard, still
, John. It's human nature. It's understanding. It's sentiment.” The detective averted his eyes, directing them to inspect an old burn mark on the table. “It's you”, he added in a quiet murmur.
Hamish's body posed a polar opposite. His face was slack, his muscles loose as his arms seemed weighted and hanging, pulling his whole form into a shrivelled kind of slump. He was looking at his feet now, silent, scuffing his foot at something on the floor. His head was hanging, his chin seemingly pulled down to rest on his chest by the gravity of his situation. He swallowed, as if trying to dispel the bitter taste of his own thoughtless and idiotic recklessness.
John quirked an eyebrow. “You reckon? I don't know. Seems a bit out of the blue for him, I've never seen him express an interest in it before."
Hamish responded in kind, “Uncle”. He pulled the door closed before adding dryly, “Managed to find time in your busy schedule of being the British Government for family? How gallant of you.”
“How long have I been asleep?” The question was mundane and bordering on irrelevant, but John simply didn't know where else to start. He felt refreshed, but he was still tired of this, he didn't have the strength to continue an argument.
“You knew”, John muttered through gritted teeth. It wasn't a question, it was a statement. His fists clenched around the handfuls of Hamish's bedsheets and it took a considerable amount of effort and every last fraction of John's restraint not to rise to the tight line of Mycroft's grimace. Meeting Mycroft Holmes with rage was about as effective as a chocolate teapot, and John had long since learned that presenting himself as cool, unwavering and even passive intimidated Mycroft more than threats and physical action.
go for pints with Lestrade on occasion but really the only thing they had in common was Sherlock. This was the first contact with someone outside of his crazy crime-solving life in such a very long time. It was honestly a relief, but John struggled to suppress the feelings of guilt for leaving Benson behind, and noticing his old comrade's slight limp and identifying his prosthetic only multiplied this guilt. Of course that was never his fault – but it was in his nature to blame himself regardless.
Sherlock looked up, his pupils swollen with uncertainty and his eyebrows knitting together in confusion.
“Unfortunately, Hamish is as emotionally inept as his Father when it comes to admitting his feelings, so you should probably make the first move.” His light chuckle snowballs into a full round of belly laughs when he notices the horror on Hamish's face accompanied by the irritated glare from Sherlock. “You two are such a
George Benson was under the impression the unpredictable days were behind him. 5 years in the British army and two tours of Afghanistan were enough to saturate anyone's pallet for adventure. He'd long since succumbed to the gentle and unassuming lull of civilian life. Life was unremarkable and he had come to like it that way. The last time he'd allowed the lure of excitement to entwine him in its trap he'd ended up in a war zone and yet, when an extraordinary young man threw him completely off kilter on a perfectly ordinary morning doing his perfectly ordinary job in a perfectly ordinary school, he'd found himself blazing that same old trail again.
It was suffocating him. If keeping the odd case here and there a secret was what was required to keep the peace, surely that was a price worth paying?
George was good. He was stability. He was something to cling to. John gave a slight nod and the nurse briefly disappeared back out into the corridor. She emerged a few seconds later, pushing Benson in a wheelchair.
it had been for Hamish to be in attendance at his crime scenes. John found himself wondering if Greg had even attempted to fight John's corner, to reason with Sherlock at all. He suspected not. After all, Detective Inspector Lestrade was a desperate man a lot of the time, and god help him he needed Sherlock, and John thought there probably wasn't much he wouldn’t do to keep the Consulting Detective happy to keep him solving his cases. Currently, however, that was the least of his worries. Hamish needed to be escorted from the crumbling wreck of a factory. He was silently compliant, barely even chancing a glance at either of his parents as they decided between them that it would be more efficient for John to be the one to take him, and for Sherlock to wrap up the case himself with the promise of reinforcements close behind.
John smacked one hand against Sherlock's shoulder suddenly, and let out a noise somewhere between a cry and a growl. He pushed back, twisting violently from Sherlock's arms and raising his hands to grip forcefully at his hair. He turned his back and moved to the other side of the room at a speed which seemed to illustrate that he was being physically repelled from Sherlock. Sherlock could hear his deep and heavy breaths intermingled with almost silent wails of despair.
The reason you're here today, on the behalf of the MOD, you're wearing your regiment insignia and introduced yourself as 'Private' so we both know how I knew your military affiliation. As for the exact conflict you were involved in, a few observations made is easy to alienate those two. The way you walk, a slight lull in your gate – unnoticed by most people, but evident to me that you have either a whole or partial prosthetic, am I right?” George confirmed the deduction by nodding. “
There was a moment of silence, before Hamish's grin threatened to split his face in two and he laughed; heartily and unreservedly.
, it was like they were family. Sherlock considered that perhaps they were; Lestrade was certainly closer to being an Uncle to Hamish than Mycroft was. Lestrade treated Hamish much in the same way he had always treated Sherlock. There was the façade of the long suffering Detective Inspector who had to tolerate the endless Holmes antics, and then there was the truth, because Lestrade cared hopelessly and endlessly about them. He always had. He'd saved Sherlock, and that was the long and short of it. He'd literally pulled him from the gutter and given him the time and attention that everyone else had failed to. Of course he'd paid the price for his generosity, more than once, but he'd treated Sherlock like a son, and Hamish was blessed with the same treatment. Sherlock had never thanked him. He never would, of course, but even Lestrade wasn't that dense – he
Hamish shoots daggers at his Dad, but answers simply “Léa”. John nods his understanding and turns to face the camera, offering a warm smile.
he mutters. Suddenly his eyes light up, like he's just been handed a triple homicide investigation. Hamish doesn't seem to notice, but John does and catches Sherlock's eye, winking an affirmative for whatever mischievous hijinks Sherlock has planned.
Benson halted typing for a brief second, cocking his head slightly as he smirked. “You broke into the Baskerville research facility. I don't think you're in a position to throw stones here, Watson.”
have my family suffer because of your ego.” John paused and then straightened, before Mycroft rose from his seat and drew a sharp breath to compose himself. John was suddenly acutely aware of the volume he'd reached during his rant as he noticed that the nurses across the hall had averted their attentions to the source of the commotion.
“...marks on the wrist confirm the dragging hypothesis – not that I really needed any confirmation. Mottling of the skin indicates he was on his back when he died, but was then moved and left on his front. Arms by his sides, rather than above his head from the dragging...he was positioned, conscious decision?”
“What does it mean?” he asked, his voice quiet but raw. Sherlock knew he was starting to piece it together; the tags, the scarring, the nightmares. He’d have already deduced the origin of the wound, even if he didn’t understand the circumstances. Sherlock had no doubt that he’d be able to provide an accurate description of the gun model, its range and caliber  the shooter’s distance from its target, maybe even their frame of mind. Hamish was still young, though. Sherlock didn’t want to insult his intelligence by trying to hide John’s past from him and he also didn’t believe in babying him. But he did believe in John, and John was not yet comfortable with burdening their son with that knowledge. Sherlock suspected it was too late for that. They’d have to talk about it soon, but not now.
“I should have done something more.” His voice was just a whisper. “I'm a bloody Doctor, I should have done something! An army Doctor at that...” He began to pace, grunting in frustration and running his hands over his face once more. He shook his head, almost in disbelief. “Stupid!”, he spat, “I've treated so many bloody gunshot wounds but when it really mattered, when it really
As the rhythm of Sherlock's strokes dropped into a slower and deeper tone, John was struck with the desperate but heart warming familiarity of it. He was struck blind by the memory that swarmed his synapses, neurons coordinating in a gallery of nostalgic images.
John huffed a breath before closing his book silently and moving to Hamish’s bedside. He pressed a short but firm kiss to his son’s forehead. Ordinarily Hamish would object, but this time he leaned in slightly to absorb the affectionate warmth rolling off his Dad.
However piqued his curiosity was at the revelation of the sender of that letter, it was apparent that this was heavily outweighed by the sheer level of John's exhaustion, as the next thing that John was aware of was waking several hours later with the letter clutched to his chest. It was getting dark outside and, in the gentle slithers of light that the moon was throwing through the window, John could make out the form of someone sat at the desk.
George nodded again, tapping his thumb absently against the side of his mug. "It's good you've kept busy. God knows it's bloody difficult to get away from stuff people like us would rather forget."
I hope that, after all this time, this chapter delivers. I've been very nervous about posting more on this for a long time. But the next chapter is already in draft. I promise not to leave it so long again...
, it was hard for Sherlock not to just silence the beast. Hamish was happy, and enjoying this, and surely his son's happiness was paramount. So Sherlock Holmes allowed himself a small smile, and moved to observe as his son surveyed the body.
John frowned slightly. In Gaelic, the words carried such a heartfelt sincerity in Sarah's rehearsed whispers that he couldn't help but be moved by them, but their English counterparts seemed ill-fitting and out of place. The translation proved to be a blessing that was seemingly alien from a woman who was essentially a stranger to his son. Sure, John appreciated the sentiment it carried, and the blessing was sweet and smooth like honey in Sarah's polished tones, but its English meaning felt foreign in the air between them.
He'd not unleased his full fury on one Holmes brother, he certainly wasn't going to pass up the opportunity to release the thunderstorm named John Watson on the other.
“You too, Cap’.” He gave a grave chuckle, casting a brief glance at his leg. That damned leg. “Seems I missed you so much that I went and got m’self injured just to follow your sorry ass home.” He noticed the look in John’s eyes, he’d seen it so many times in the time they’d served together. John had an absurd habit of blaming himself for everyone he couldn’t save. “Long story short”, he continued seeing the unspoken question in John’s eyes, “About 5 months after you were out, routine morning patrol. Wind picked up, you know what that sand and dust is like in those storms - visibility goes to complete shite. Got me separated from Sampson. Before I know it I’m off the beaten track and being thrown in the air by an IED. That was it, goodnight Vienna. Woke up minus a leg in the field hospital.” He gave a good-natured chuckle, offering John a reassuring smile. “Perks of the job, eh?” he added finally.
Sherlock's gaze flicked to where his son's bag was discarded on the kitchen table. Light, barely any books. In fact, just one, an empty notepad. One pen, Hamish wasn't even concerned enough about the content of today's lessons to consider a spare. Hamish was always concerned about lessons. Today must be different. Off timetable, Sherlock concluded, but for what? He made brief eye contact with Hamish, long enough to notice the minute movement of his head as an affirmative to Sherlock's deduction.
Reluctantly, John nodded and complied. In that moment it was like every cell of his body reawakened, returning to their begging for their basic needs. He was overwhelmed by them; his body crying out for the bare necessities. Hunger and fatigue suddenly began a ruthless onslaught, and so John returned to 221B, returned home.
