“You know, I’ve been reading up about the mummy’s curse,” Steve whispers softly as they carefully approach what has to be the antechamber. “’All people who enter this tomb who will make evil against this tomb and destroy it, may the crocodile be against them in water, and snakes against them on land. May the hippopotamus be against them in water, the scorpion on land.’ That’s what they found in the pyramids.”
“You two are disgusting,” Nat says as she and Clint approach, followed shortly behind by Sam and Bucky.
“Do you have any condoms?” he murmurs against his lips, his own length thrusting against Tony’s thigh as he moans. Tony had practically packed an entire pharmacy for their trip and had tried to encourage Steve to open their fake marriage. It wasn’t outside the realm of possibility he came prepared had Steve been amenable to the arrangement, though neither expected to use them
Steve steps into the dimly-lit warehouse, the others falling in step behind him with Bucky and Sam covering the rear position. It’s not long before they find the original inhabitants: Half a dozen long-dead corpses – men and women – strung up by extension cords attached to higher metal shelves on one end and looped around their necks, each of them with their legs buckled under them. They could have stood if they had wanted to live…
And now the man is shaking his head. “I don’t need a villa, nor a prestigious apartment in the city, nor any number of things you think will make me happy. You are all I want, all I have ever wanted, and I am asking as a freedman if that is something you want as well, a relationship on a more even footing than before.”
The combatants quickly lose their trident and sword, both fighting over the retiarius’s dagger, which the secutor avoids and uses as a momentary distraction to flip over the retiarius, turning the bout into a wrestling match.
To his credit, Stark doesn’t sound nervous as he replies, “What can I say? I’ve built a lot into the old girl for speed. Part of the job.”
“You don’t have to go, Cap, and this?” he points between the two of them. “This here can stay between us. The one-eyed wonder doesn’t have to know everything.” It’s an unexpected – if not exactly unwanted – development, and Tony would like to see where this goes, if the man is similarly open to the notion.
And with that, Stefanus escorts Antony out of the party and back to his villa. The fresh air must have reinvigorated the man’s libido because once again, he asks for Stefanus to guard his body from within his chambers. Stefanus has barely secured the door before Antony is removing his toga and lounging across his bed in such a way to be alluring, his cock plump and half-hard with anticipation.
“Stark Industries is international,” Tony retorts. “This might come as a surprise to you, but certain discoveries have transpired since you’ve been on ice. For starters, the world revolves around the sun, not America. Shocking, I know. Tell me if I should break out the smelling salts, in case you’re feeling a touch faint at the upheaval of your entire world view.”
And so he resolutely crosses the hallway to the opposing wall and (while directly staring into Dr. Pym’s eyes) pulls the fire alarm. He then folds his arms and leans against the adjacent lockers to await his inevitable punishment.
Antony is generous to a fault, almost as if to compensate for the moral failing that is his obscene wealth. As he spends more time with the man, Stefanus begins to feel that Antony isn’t doing it to impress others so much as it is a compulsion, like it is the only way he believes he can please the people around him.
Not really, no. Steve seemed like the type to visit a coworker in the hospital, though he probably didn’t have time to pass around a “Get Well Soon” card filled with half-hearted well-wishes from SI employees and the other Avengers.
“That’s not an excuse,” Tony interrupts. He rubs at his blurry eyes, already irritated with himself. “I’m just really sorry, and I hope you can forgive me.”
Clint snorts. “If anything, that’s even less protection than normal.” The armor is thinner, more lightweight than all prior versions, and most egregiously, Tony’s head is completely exposed.
“Howard can suck eggs,” Tony says with more than a little heat. “I’ve already finished my bachelors, and I’ve only got a year left before I graduate my master’s program, while most people our age are still deciding between MIT and Harvard.”
Because Steve is tired of waiting, his patience having worn threadbare under Master Phillips’s frustrating inertia. “But when?”
“I wasn’t going to suggest that,” Tony protests, but in such a way that casts doubt on his statement. “I was merely pointing out that dating is hard in our line of work, and if you wanted to give it a go – the real college try – then I wouldn’t be…
Stark’s hands, shaky as they are, are surprisingly strong on Steve’s wrists. He’s shaking his head. Steve knows what it means. Stark doesn’t want to remove the helmet, doesn’t want to break his vow, but his life depends on Steve gaining access to the wound.
Tony gives Steve an appraising look, his gaze calculated before declaring, “Okay fine. I’m in. What about you, Cap? You ready to pretend to like dick or is the thought of presenting as queer triggering your good ol’ American fight or fight response? Because the anonymous thing isn’t going to work in this scenario. Anyone paying attention is going to know I married Captain America, even without the cowl.”
Suibne cannot shake the boy’s presence later. As a retiarius, he is chained down in the same claustrophobic block as seven others of his class. Four bunk beds lie interlocking along the wall of the rectangular room with a tight space in the center small enough to allow only two men to stand shoulder to shoulder. Predictably, the only available bed is a straw mattress on the top bunk above a young man named Aemilius and situated directly adjacent to Bacchus’s bunk in an L-formation.
The door flies open, revealing an aging man, tall and sinewy, still strong, his skin unnaturally pallid and hair long and surprisingly full for his age. “Anthony, my boy. Come in. Come in.”
Master Erskine is always doing this, reading too much into every little interaction and assigning meaning where there is none. It’s one of his more annoying traits.
His mother dies on a Tuesday when Tony is ten, six months after he had tried (and failed) to procure his father’s help. Towards the end, every breath had been a struggle as she wheezed and heaved and weakly coughed up entire daffodil blossoms, until one day, she couldn’t breathe at all and suffocated on the bloody bouquet sprouting from her lungs.
“He’s a retiarius tunicate,” Fidelis interjects, having stopped in his rounds to observe the utter disappointment that is his new recruit. “All he needs to learn is how to outrun the opposition.”
Stefanus doesn’t startle when Antony touches the mark – too used to the abuse for it to get a rise out of him – but he does still. He wishes to avoid offense; after all, men always make it hurt when one wounds their pride.
“I am simply–”  Master Erskine stops, his head turned to peer down a side street. “Do you feel that?”
Tony presses his nose to the glass as he watches Jarvis escort their new housekeeper, Ms. Sarah, and her son to the in-law suite that served as a servants’ quarters. Steve is small, scrawny, and blond and (if Tony plays his cards right) his new best friend. Jarvis and Ana never had children, and the other students at his secondary prep school were all so much older than Tony, but Steven is eleven, the same age as him, and will be living on-site at the mansion. He is, in effect, a captive audience.
Stefanus looks down at his stomach then at the matching smear over Antony’s. “I can clean that up, Dominus,” he says, quickly rising from the bed in search of a cloth.
But the boy had finished it out of anger, whether natural or from a deep-seated rage at his circumstances. Master Phillips isn’t sure which, but he has seen enough. “We about done here?” he asks Master Erskine.
“Tony, what… Did you…” He picks up the half-empty bottle, his face going nearly purple when he recognizes the label. “Did you drink the Macallan? Jesus, boy, this bottle cost me a mint! There were only forty bottles ever produced. I can’t believe–”
“I’m gonna stop you right there. You talk to women like you would talk to me,” Rhodey says, but he seems to think better of it when he recalls their first meeting. “You know what? Scratch that. You talk to women like you would talk to someone you’re interested in beyond what’s in their pants. You know, like a person.”
Steve is hit from behind, but the blow barely stuns him as he recovers, flips over, and charges towards his assailants, taking out the first one with a well-placed one-two punch then the second with a sharp elbow to the face. Another tries to jump on his back while a fourth places a vibranium cuff on one wrist, only for Steve to use the loose end to bash him across the nose, breaking it in a gush of blood before kicking him across the sand. He then reaches for the one on his back, flipping him over in front of him and placing him in a headlock. The man kicks out, trying to claw at his grip and free himself as Steve turns to where the woman had been sitting, only to find she had disappeared.
“She got up a little late, and I thought she could use some breakfast,” Steve replies, tucking into a second egg sandwich. “Cynthia’s nice; you should call her.”
Presently, he’s shuffling papers in front of Tony, trying to sort out Stark Industries finances, its leadership. “There is the question of the annual Arctic survey to locate–”
“Really, Steve?” Bucky stage-whispers to his friend before turning to Tony to explain, “It’s meat. You eat it on white bread with mustard. Sorry, we don’t have caviar. Fresh out.”
He can’t possibly be suggesting what Steve thinks he’s suggesting, but just to make sure: “Meaning…”
There’s a grumble followed by a low “Fuck you, darling,” but Tony exits less than ten minutes later.
“Based on the size and development of the flowers, your condition is quite advanced.” J.A.R.V.I.S. pauses, likely calculating his prognosis. “Projected life span at current rate of decompensation: four to six weeks.”
Tony claps his hands together. “Excellent. Now that we’re all acquainted, we should board and find our rooms. I have booked one for each of us.”
“Language.” Steve grabs his captive’s left hand, folding it back until he hears a crack. The man shrieks. “Now you listen here. I will break every bone in your body then make you swallow your broken teeth one by one until all you can do is painfully tap out Tony’s location in Morse Code with the useless stumps that were once your hands.” He breaks a pinky finger on the man’s right, inspiring a fresh wave of screams.
“Wait. Back up. You brought a pet?” Tony looks back at the goat, terror in his gaze. “Steve. You know what’s going to happen to it, right? You shouldn’t think it being someone’s pet will stop him. I once snuck this stray cat into my room, and when I came home from school, Scruffles was gone, and in his place was a terrified ED specialist, there for an intervention over my obvious closet eating. Dad said I shouldn’t feel the need to hide snacks in my room.” Tony squirms in his seat. “I was eight and just wanted a pet!”
They only get as far as DC before Howard summons them back. He had talked to President Wiesner, promised MIT a new library wing or whatnot to allow Tony back that very semester. Tony had thought he had caused enough property damage to earn himself the semester off, but he had made a slight miscalculation. He either underestimated the amount of hush money Howard is willing to pay to make certain indiscretions disappear or overestimated the president’s pride. It’s disappointing, but he supposes every man has his price.
“What’s wrong with him?” one man had asked, eyeing the cap advertising he was sold as-is with no guarantee as to his health or temperament. “Is he plagued with morbus gallicus?” He leans in close to Suibne’s face to inspect his smooth chin. “He doesn’t appear to suffer from mentagra.”
After they settle in, Pepper joins them in their suite, ready to discuss the details of their upcoming adventure. Unlike Virgil before her, she is not a fan of on-the-job surprises, preferring to know the ins and outs of Tony’s plans before they are executed in order to best prepare for what might come their way.
It would be so much easier if Steve had been less concerned about harming the old vampire. Dracula certainly didn’t have the same compunctions.
“There’s a giant TV where we can screen movies,” Tony fumbles, trying to remember what cool kids on TV like, “or… well, there’s a pool, and uh…”
The man finally lies down, his body too stiff to be comfortable, so Antony curls into him, kissing his shoulder with his arm and leg draped over Stefanus until the man finally relaxes.
For his part, Stefanus’s mood is bolstered by the win, but it is quickly tempered by the realization that as a secutor, there is a chance he will one day have to go up against Bacchus with an estimated one in five chance one will be ordered to kill the other. He doesn’t like those odds, ergo he must earn enough money to get them out. Then, they will leave Rome altogether. It doesn’t matter where they end up, as long as it’s far away and peaceful without the constant threat of death. Perhaps a goat farm on a rocky disused property in some far-flung colony where their slave brands will be little more than footnotes in their history.
“Come on. Just look at that thing and tell me it isn’t a…” his eyes flit to Ms. Potts across the table as he drops his voice once again, “a
“I’m still right here,” Tony adds, leaning up against the back of the couch. They can’t even wait until he is out of the room to gossip behind his back? The audacity.
(The rich rarely want their furniture sullied with the grime of slave garments, thought they strangely have no compunction about the cleanliness of their bodies.)
“The goat isn’t a pet. He’s just ethically raised.” Steve parks near the quaint two-story Victorian farmhouse, wipes his sweaty hands on his dark trousers, then allows himself a generous twenty seconds to collect himself before exiting the vehicle and walking to the other side to open Tony’s door. “Are you ready to have dinner with your father, sweetheart?”
Tony shushes him. “It’s okay, honey. Come when you want,” he whispers, his tongue returning to his hole with broad licks over his entrance. He speeds up as well, until he dances at the edge of his own orgasm.
Mr. Rogers removes the paper from under his arm and unfolds it to reveal a classified ad circled in red ink.
“Oh.” Tony sets it aside, turning the paper face down on the nightstand. “I don’t know about all that. I don’t think therapy is for me.” He understands Rhodey’s concern. Though he is uncertain whether there is a way back from how he’s feeling, he hasn’t quite hit rock-bottom yet, at least not to the point where he would consider a shrink.
That seems to snap Steve out of it, because he unceremoniously approaches Tony, places his hands on either side of his hips, and pushes in with all the intimacy of a gut punch. Tony gasps at the sudden intrusion, but Steve doesn’t break his stride, doesn’t deviate from the parameters set by his partner. He only fucks into him at a fast clip designed to bring their coupling to a swift conclusion, and when Tony fists his own member, jerking himself off to completion, Steve pushes him into the bed and roughly thrusts in and out, until his body stiffens then there’s a muffled cry and gush of hot fluid filling Tony’s channel and spilling over his thighs when Steve pulls out. He rolls off Tony’s body then sits up on the opposite edge of the bed to pull on his pants.
“Yeah. Seeing as how you’re going to be living here from now on–” He must have said something wrong because Steve’s face drops. “…you’re staying, right?” Tony hadn’t considered it, but a few of the kids at his school have two families. Sometimes they live with Dad, and sometimes they live with Mom, and Ms. Sarah didn’t seem to be married at the moment. What if…
“Do you like that one?” a familiar voice asks. Suibne spins around, takes a step back, while Priscus continues unperturbed. “It is the answer to a riddle. Three men in bed together; two are committing debauchery, two are being debauched. Most would assume that configuration would require four men, but as you can see, the one in the middle both acts and is acted upon.” He glances askance at Suibne. “The toga praetexta suits you, my boy, as I thought it would.”
Steve puts his own dinner aside. “I’ve been thinking… we could die tomorrow,” he says. He’s not quite looking at Stark, instead staring at his hands, the blush already creeping up and burning the nape of his neck.
Stark prods him again, poking him in the side with a stick as he sat by the makeshift fire, trying to relax.
That night, after Steve had found a water source and foraged for a miniscule amount of food he knows to be edible (some nuts and fruit that have already been bitten into and half-eaten by various bird species), they hunker down inside the ruins of the Mandalorian’s ship, draping a tarp over the entrance to keep out the cold and any nocturnal predators.
“Perhaps,” Pepper allows as she schools her features, trying to be diplomatic, “though its form is rather… suggestive.”
“I could have something made for you for when you accompany me on my social calls,” Antony reasons, passing the fabric to the seller and pointing to the bolt Stefanus had selected. “I’ll take this and the red wool over there. The one edged in gold.”
“What do you think of this blue?” Antony says, holding up a bolt of expensive cotton fabric to Stefanus’s tunic. “I think it brings out your eyes.”
Antony watches how Stefanus moves, the clench and strain of his muscles, the grit in his handsome face. “Do you know which ludus provided the entertainment for today?” he inquires. “I believe I just found my next bodyguard.”
“We offer a complimentary tattoo service should you desire,” the slaver says after coin has exchanged hands. “The forehead is the conventional spot, especially for one so… unruly and prone to disobedience. I make no guarantees of the quality or length of his subservience, so caveat emptor. No returns, even if he proves a fugitive.”
“Really? That’s how you want to play this? I know you better than that. There’s someone you like, and if you just tell me about her, I can help you come up with a game plan to win her over. I’m good at that sort of thing. Genius, remember?”
For those who are wondering based on the conflicting hints RE: Steve background. He is part Jewish from his father’s side, but his mother is Irish Catholic. He had a mixed-faith background between his mother and paternal grandmother (before she passed).
The young retiarius at his side, the next fighter to be sent into the arena, can only commiserate, “I think what Fidelis is trying to say is that there was nothing you could have done differently, no result where both you and Aemilius would have lived.”
“All jokes aside, I really didn’t expect to get lucky on my honeymoon.” He flops down on his back. “We should do that more often.”
And so when the Avengers meet up for their biweekly team-bonding gathering in the Avengers’ Tower, Tony makes it his mission to antagonize the man.
And in that short timeframe, Steve had had over three dozen partners, and never the same one twice, not that he wanted to disclose that to Tony. So he tells him instead, “I think it’s still better to be safe. Not that I don’t trust you” –Steve isn’t the one who has to worry about getting sick; he’s
They hear the roar of the crowd, the shouts and stomping in the stands signifying the end of yet another fight.
“And that limit stops at public opinion, because no one assumes you’re buggering a fellow soldier, but your husband? That’s what you find hard to stomach, that people think you’re queer.”
In the two years they had dated, Steve had never met the man, the myth, the legend, but this eventuality had been anything but a surprise. Steve had known about Tony’s infamous father from the very beginning, the association rather obvious when one has “Anthony, son of Dracula” printed on his S.H.I.E.L.D.-issued work badge. Steve had initially thought it was just a name – perhaps the man had even lost a bet and had to legally change it to the unfortunate moniker – but he had quickly come to understand that Tony’s (adoptive) father is literally the iconic centuries-old vampire. Even Agent Coulson had warned him to steer clear of the pretty brunette R&D director if he was fond of breathing.
Tony flushes the toilet and drags himself to his feet then nearly stumbles over to the sink, where he splashes water on his face and stares at his reflection, at his pallid skin and the dark circles peeking through his ruined concealer.
When Tony slowly comes to, he’s in a private hospital room, hooked up to several monitoring machines. There’s a rhythmic beeping under lied by the soft buzz of florescent lights. He is dressed in an oversized backless hospital gown, washed hundreds of times to worn softness and tucked under several layers of hospital sheets. His throat is scratchy and his breathing shallow and pained, and he gasps slightly upon waking, startling the lone visitor at his bedside.
Slowly, tentatively, Steve reaches over to place a hand on Stark’s knee. “Is that offer from the other night still available?”
And so they set up Tony’s play set, Iron Man and the Avengers in a yellow submarine with a blonde minifigure designated Captain America placed outside ‘floating’ in the deepest abyss of the ocean.
“He wants me by his side. Permanently. He offered to buy me from Priscus, to become my dominus so I can live at the villa as his concubinus.” It’s an odd thing, being given a choice in such matters. A normal dominus wouldn’t think twice to purchase and use a slave to his own satisfaction with little regard for the slave’s thoughts on such an arrangement. It’s yet another incident that marked Antony as peculiar amongst those in his station.
“I’m just curious is all,” he replies. “I’ve heard that Jedi are able to move things with their mind. Telekinesis. My hypothesis is that it’s a load of bullshit, just something that got exaggerated, like when they say vornskr can shoot fire from their mouths when their breath is just hot and their sting deadly enough that no man has survived it. Maybe someone saw a Jedi throw a moderately-sized rock one day and then it became a boulder in the retelling and later still, it was said to have been thrown using telekinesis. That sort of thing.”
“And what do we have here?” the rich man says as he circles Suibne, his hands slipping over his hips down to cup his ass. Suibne jerks away at the touch, but the slaver pulls on his lease in warning to stand still. “Why the cap?”
Pathicus: An adult man who bottoms (for either men or women), but is more manly in presentation than a cinaedus.
There’s another pause before one of the stormtroopers observes, “The belly of this ship appears to be a much greater depth from the outside.”
Tony side-eyes Cap’s plaid shirt and high-waisted olive khaki ensemble. “That outfit come with a prescription for Viagra, old man?”
“No, of course I don’t think that,” Steve states, a touch miffed. “It’s because it’s you. I’ll never be satisfied with one night. I just can’t, okay? I want something you’re not ready to give me, not now, maybe not ever, and that’s okay. You’ve done nothing wrong, and I don’t expect… You’re not obligated to do anything. Really. It’s my issue to deal with and mine alone. But it means I’d rather not start anything at all with you if it’s only going to be a one-off.” He tosses a new six-pack of socks onto the top of his other clothes and zips up his duffle bag.
“Captain America and Iron Man are fighting because they can’t agree on anything. It’s tearing the Avengers apart.”
There’s something bugging him, something Steve has been meaning to ask. “You say Mandalorians are not prohibited from having partners or families, right?” He disengages the lightsaber, having finished his katas. He looks over at Stark expectantly.
There’s a smile tugging at the corner of Cap’s mouth as leans down and touches his forehead to Tony’s. “Will you behave?”
Antony stands before the looking glass, adjusting his toga praetexta and trying to fix the stubborn cowlick in his hair to no avail. He gives up on the exercise entirely, stepping closer to his reflection, turning his head this way and that in hopes of catching the light just right on his face. When that fails to produce the desired result, he rubs his upper lip and chin to feel the patchy peach fuzz growing in. One month to go until Liberalia, and he’ll be a full-fledged adult in the eyes of the gods and man both.
Tony peaks his head out from the open door of his dorm, his eyes bleary and hair wild. He’d been up for days putting the finishing touches on his robotics final: a low-cost device to detect and neutralize noxious fumes for use in coal mines and other tight, airless spaces, but the little guy had been beside himself over piles of dirty laundry and half-eaten boxes of rotting Chinese takeout, circling ground zero and attempting to remove the biohazard to a relatively-safe distance in the far corner.
“Purple Man,” Stark addresses him from the free side of the plexiglass. Imprisoned in his white hermetically-sealed containment chamber, Purple Man isn’t quite the threat he was, but Stark is wary, a haunted look behind his brown eyes accentuated by dark circles his concealer can’t quite cover.
Tony screams and tries to steady himself by holding onto the metal shelving as the ladder teeters in their clumsy, grasping hands.
“Occupied,” he states weakly then groans, resting his cheek on the bare seat, a bit of regurgitated cocktail dripping down his chin. “Can you come back and yell at me later when I’m back in tip-top form?”
“Like you haven’t been doing just that every two hours?” Tony readjusts his face mask. “At least try not to kick so hard when you’re treading water. I’d like to make some scaly friends.”
It’s late one night when they’ve made sundaes and settled down to watch a movie on the large projector screen in his former game room that Tony finally feels ready to open up, just a little. “So there’s this guy–”
Steve hears Tony suck in a breath beside him, but he pays no heed, too distracted by the five empty nooses at the end and how a couple of the extant corpses look… nibbled upon.
“As has been extensively reported, I do not have the luxury of time, and really, who is surprised that the notoriously impulsive playboy has finally decided to see what all the fuss is about by tying the knot in his twilight hours?”
Steve almost wishes the arms dealers would make their move already so he can bag them and get the annulment he so desperately desires because the longer Tony and he have to keep up this charade, the higher the chance that one of them isn’t going to survive the fallout.
Tony bats Steve even as he blushes at the observation. He knew he should have shaved before heading home.
Tony can practically see the gears turning in the man’s head as Cap does the math and his face goes from angry to… Tony doesn’t even know the word for that expression. Surprised? Nervous?
As Tony had predicted, Marvels accepts his proposal for a special issue of “Tony Stark Adventures” sending over his most recent chronicler, Pepper Potts writing under the pseudonym Frank Finley, to produce the feature.
Tony pulls out a flashlight, tapping it on until it sputters to a bright shine, then enters the darkened passage with Steve following close behind.
But Bacchus doesn’t let up. “When was the last time you had sex you’ve desired?” He ignores Stefanus’s glare. “A man shouldn’t die before experiencing the first blooms of love…”
So Antony tries to please him, to placate and compromise, not realizing he is ceding ground while Tiberius stands still in all matters.
They check into one of the private luxury pool villas dotting the hillside of Koh Phangan, a tropical paradise renowned for its gorgeous ocean views and impeccable service, the atmosphere conducive to rest, relaxation, and above all, romance…
The unicorn whinnies, which Tony must take as a yes, because he pats her neck then runs his fingers through her snow-white mane, stopping to scratch behind her ears.
He can hear the telltale clicking of Pepper’s heels in double-time followed by shouts and scuffling on the other side.
Steve retracts his lightsaber, but it remains in hand. “How… how did he know what was going to happen?”
“You sure about that?” he asks his old friend, the doctores secutorum. “Not that I’m complaining, but the boy is not particularly skilled. He is a poor choice that will leave you wanting another from my stable.”
“You think we can pick up a pie on the way back? Apple with the lattice top from that one place. You know the one, across from that fancy grocery store. It’s Steve’s favorite.”
“What the…?” Stark looks up at the explosion blooming, barreling down one them as he takes a hard dip to avoid the blast zone before quickly taking out the last tie fighter and beating a hasty escape.
And now Steve raises a brow. “And do you think they washed this… all-important artifact of its ‘healing essence’ before they lovingly stowed it away among the pharaoh’s unmentionables for his majesty’s continued use well into the afterlife?”
Steve is quiet at home, much more pensive than usual. When Tony asks him if he wants to play Avengers, Steve declines, instead inquiring, “Have you really already kissed a lot of girls, shellhead?”
“I thought you and Bacchus would be halfway to Britannia by now,” Antony tells him after they have exchanged banal pleasantries and recline in opposite settees, each with their cup of wine upon their individual side tables.
“Guys,” Steve says, stepping between them. “Can we just… I don’t know, get some sandwiches and watch some cartoons or something?”
– Antony can only hope the man didn’t pay for bad fellatio – but he supposes it’s no longer an issue based on what looks to be either a follow-up declaration of the superiority of anal sex or a jab at the man’s preferences:
Bacchus is quiet after that, and Suibne finds himself somewhat disappointed with the development. He curls up, rolls to his side to face the wall, and falls into a fitful sleep to the sounds of the other men’s snores and the tinny clink-clink-clink of shifting chains.
Luckily, Steve is of the same mind as he walks off, but then he pauses at the door. He turns around to look back at Tony, still naked and tangled in a sheet, his hair wild and skin slicked with lube, sweat, and drying cum. Tony’s breathing has grown shallow, but Steve must chalk that up to their recent activities because he doesn’t mention it.
Eventually, inevitably, Steve and Tony grow up. Legos gives way to video games when the Starks buy the first Nintendo Famicom complete with all nine games. (Tony’s favorite is Mario Bros while Steve likes Donkey Kong.)
The ‘or worse’ usually involved the fae, mercurial spirits who become easily angered over nonsensical slights and would exact their revenge on all who offended them.
Bucky draws a single hill Steve recognizes as an N beside the M. “A man may seek enlightenment in learning his letters. There is no shame in it.”
Steve is not one to tip-toe around the issue at hand. “Just tell it to me straight: Are you seriously trying to fuck Bruce?”
Steve looks murderous, but he imitates Hodge, standing at attention as directed. Still, he can’t help but scowl instead of adopting the older boy’s more neutral expression. He can practically feel the waves of self-satisfaction radiating off Hodge, and he bristles at the notion that the boy might have gotten away with testing Steve.
“Just a thought,” Tony says quickly, his hands up, palms out. “You can say no, and I’ll never breathe a word of this.” Like a man would want news of his rejections spread around, especially with Clint waiting in the eaves, ready to drop a joke at the slightest hint of embarrassing circumstance.
“It’s our last night here,” Stark informs Steve yet again. Rhodey is due in the morning to tow them back to town where he has already stocked up on everything Stark needs to repair his ship.
Steve hasn’t fucked him like this since the early days of their arrangement, back when sex often came after Tony had been particularly insubordinate and Cap had wanted to teach him a lesson about respect, about obeying the chain of command. Being a natural scientist, sometimes (but never during an actual battle) Tony had annoyed him on purpose to see if he could inspire the same passion in the man outside a mission. Before long, it had become a regular thing, irrespective of their infrequent calls to assemble, and somewhere along the way, Steve had become gentler, more accommodating, and Tony had forgotten that this was never supposed to be anything more than sex.
They have to hold him down as the slaver accepts Priscus’s iron brand of ownership, heats it in the forge in the back, then presses a stylized ASPS into the arch from thumb to forefinger of Suibne’s right hand. The boy cries out then as the slaver holds the brand for a touch longer than necessary, and the white-hot fire along Suibne’s nerves fails to abate even when he pulls it away so the new wound can be washed with a healing salve and a bandage applied. Suibne wriggles his fingers to stretch the tortured muscles and ligaments, thinking of the permanence of Priscus’s brand on his skin and wincing at the burn. Even if he were to escape, he will never be free of it.
What he needs is another bottle of the good stuff, but Tony doesn’t think Steve will take kindly to the suggestion. His friend probably had all sorts of ideas about what a proper grieving process entailed. Tony had seen it already. It involved a stiff upper lip, punching bags, and the inexplicable lack of sex.
As silence falls in the clearing, Steve turns on the Mandalorian, his saber still raised in battle mode. Steve is no fool. He knows their history, the long drawn-out war between Jedi and Mandalorians that left the latter’s planet hostile and uninhabitable save a few domed cities. There is no love lost between their kind; no way a mercenary – a Mandalorian at that – would rescue a lone Jedi.
“Very good, Steve. You’re picking it up right quick, you are,” Bucky praises him. “We will have you reading in no time.”
“You will both report to me tomorrow morning at 0500 hours for extra meditation and forms. Do not be late.”
Tony doesn’t let up, taking a half step forward in their dance step to take a closer look. “You don’t have delayed sunburn, do you? I haven’t looked into the biology of it, but that’s not a thing that can happen with the serum, right?”
Thankfully, Antony drops it, and the evening progresses quite pleasantly from there. Stefanus tells him an abridged version of his life, sanitizing the unsavory bits for his audience by leaving out his resentment of his station and fury over the Roman conquest – he is no fool – and deftly trying to redirect the conversation back to Antony’s life, his trials and tastes. If he can figure out his endgame, then he will know what to expect, what Antony wants from him.
Steve slices through the air, the blade emitting a characteristic whine that appears to disturb the saber cats. “Back!” He orders as he advances towards Stark’s form lying prone on the ground. “Get back!”
“…Right. Afghanistan.” It was always easier to lie about his age. It invited less questions, but it also meant he couldn’t talk to… any of his single-serving partners really. Not about his past or his struggles in a world that had largely moved on without him. That sort of intimacy wasn’t part of the deal, and like him, they were mostly there for one thing anyway.
Rhodey just stares. “The guy – who has loved you for a while now, possibly years – will move on in the next six months? We’re talking that guy?” he says flatly.
Steve thinks of Master Erskine with his kind eyes and soft voice. A weight forms in Steve’s belly, and he swallows around the lump in his throat. “My master is dead.”
Steve knocks on the bathroom door, impatient that Tony’s morning routine had taken nearly an hour already. “What are you doing in there? You better not be sleeping in the tub!”
And now his friend is exasperated. “I warned you, Stefanus. Didn’t I warn you not to fall for him? He’s freeborn; he rents you out as if you are a mule with little choice in the matter. That is not a good basis for anything at all.”
Steve exits the bathroom shortly after, toweling his hair dry. He gives Tony a cursory glance. “I’m sure you would have gotten lucky if you didn’t try to hit on both of them at the same time,” he tells him.
“I wasn’t the one who could have saved her,” his father replies, the admission harsh and clearly painful for him. “She loved someone else.”
Stark doesn’t clamor for his weapons; he doesn’t try to climb the line of Steve’s body to get to them while Steve desperately tries to hold him off. Instead, he simply says “Oh” and heads into his ship.
Steve blushes the color of boiled lobster and starts to fidget. “I– I mean… I just meant to say... um…” He stumbles over an explanation, clearly flustered. “What I mean is we should eat out, not each other out. I know you guys wouldn’t be into that, and it’s not like I would be either, so–”
Hadrianus doesn’t call his bluff, letting Antony’s decision stand. He presents the rudis and phrygian cap of freedom to both Bacchus and Stefanus at the close of the games, releasing them from Priscus’s service and gladiatorial combat altogether. Antony can only watch as Stefanus helps Bacchus limp out of the arena into the hypogeum, meeting his eye when Stefanus looks back one final time to acknowledge the man who freed them with a curt nod.
“My apologies, great ones. I sincerely regret my actions and those of my compatriots here; it was grave folly and our own ignorance what brought us here.”
“Hey Tones,” Rhodey greets him, hand on his shoulder. “You want to… maybe go inside? Maybe fill me in on what’s going on?”
Suibne nods. He had learned from the Southern tribes, the potters who had adopted some of the Roman customs and their language, having dealt in extensive trade with their colonies before the invasion, but he thought it would be easier if… he doesn’t know what he thought. That they’d leave him alone if they thought he couldn’t understand, if he was too dumb to speak their tongue? The notion seems laughable now, though Suibne doesn’t feel like laughing.
And it was all Antony’s fault. If he hadn’t favored him, if he had simply purchased him outright before Hadrianus could finalize the contract, then Stefanus would have been safe.
“Only two rooms available so two of you will be sharing,” he replies, eyeing Steve and Pepper behind Tony, “but one of them is the suite you requested. It was the best we could do, considering the last-minute booking.” He holds out the keys. “We can also accommodate you on the freighter shipping out next week, if you can wait.”
It's too far; both of them know Stefanus is dead, done for, and all Bacchus has to do to seal the deal is bring down his dagger through his eye. It will be quick, and if he aims right and strikes true, relatively painless…
Tony crosses his arms and rolls his eyes, hiding his hurt at the confirmation of his suspicions. “Six weeks, so you can relax already. You’re not my baby daddy, Cap.” It’s not like he was expecting Cap to be happy about it, but seeing the man’s abject terror at the possibility he may have spawned with
Every time, Steve asks if he’s considered calling any of them – Natalie, Becky, Stacey, or Bea – and every time, he seems disappointed when Tony says he has not. Tony doesn’t understand how to get it through his thick skull: he isn’t interested in anything more than a single night’s romp. With
Steve supposes Tony has a point. “Okay, I’ll try to… loosen up a bit, but meet me halfway here. Be more wary of your surroundings – we don’t know who these people are, but we know what they’re capable of, so be careful – and lighten up on the drinking. It’s not good for the mission
Stefanus taps his spoon on the edge of his bowl. “Well, it sounds ridiculous when you put it like that.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me!” The Mandalorian – Stark – shouts as he hurries the last few yards to his ship. He picks up some debris outside, rushing in where there are further shouts of disbelief and rage as he releases an impressive bevy of curses, only half of which Steve is familiar.
Tony sighs and rolls his eyes so hard his head lolls. “Alright, alright.” He retracts his arm to stand then gives Bruce a look, hooking his thumb back at their team leader. “Talk to you later, Brucie baby. Daddy calls.”
Steve sits on his haunches, his shoulders slack. He hears rustling and the soft clatter of metal as Stark returns the helmet atop his head. Then there are gloves, the leather still saturated with blood, reaching past Steve’s ears to lightly tug at the knot behind his head. The belt slides down, and Steve sees his reflection in the helmet, so close to his face, the fog of his breath gently puffing and receding across the metal.
“The oil is on the table over there,” Antony reminds him before he can get much further. “You’ll need to spread some on your cock before you have me.”
“Sorry to leave you in a lurch back there, winghead,” Tony says, tipping his drink to his lips before remembering it’s empty. He drops his hand, letting the glass dangle with his fingers loosely clasping the rim. “How was the eulogy? Uncle Obie do a good job?”
Steve extends his hand for a shake before he can even register the name, but when he does, his brow rises. “Frank?”
Stefanus eyes the long, browned strips of flesh, the bile rising in the back of his throat at the sensory memory of its taste and what happened in the aftermath the first (and last) time he had such an opportunity. “Thank you, but I will have to decline.”
The bartender gives Tony a quick onceover and whistles low. “Moving on up in the world?” he asks before addressing Tony himself. “Can’t say I’m not jealous. Steve is one of the best. He’ll really take care of you, you know, and he has one hell of a flogging arm.”
Tony Stark momentarily speechless, and Steve had managed such a feat in less than a week. Impressive, but–
“I’d love to, Tony.” Steve hesitates only a moment before his fingers weave between Tony’s gently interlacing their hands together as he looks at Tony’s face to gauge whether his actions are wanted. “It’s a date.”
“He really did know the old man best, and Mom… well, she always liked him. Always the charmer.” Mom must have liked that in a man. How else could Tony even begin to explain Howard’s appeal?
“Riiight.” He nods, rubs his chin in thought. “And Gabe’s what? Your age? Couldn’t even drive yet when you left, right?”
hit his partner. He throws his napkin down on the table. “I think I’m done here. Come back to the room when you’re done being… you.”
Steve wonders, and not for the first time, what is underneath that helmet. Stark sounds young (or at least not particularly old) and his body though armored is of a pleasing shape. He finds himself contemplating the color of Stark’s eyes, his hair, whether his nose is thin or broad and his chin sharp or rounded. Is he ugly under the helmet? Is that why he doesn’t find it so terrible to be hidden away as such? Steve has a hard time believing the man suffers from low self-esteem.
Steve, kissed you. You want him. He wants you, but he doesn’t believe you actually like him back in that way.”
With that, he signs off. Stark is silent, his arms crossed as he leans a hip against the side counter that once served as an on-board all-purpose workspace. “You think I didn’t catch that?”
Wow, okay. Steve doesn’t have to get so worked up over a little joke. It’s not like Tony is actually calling him gay or anything. And even if he had been… was being attracted to the same sex such a bad thing?
This isn’t how Steve had wanted his first marriage to go. It’s already a farce, a cruel parody of what he could have had (like the rest of his life in this cursed future), but Director Fury had insisted the paperwork had to be real. Once their mission is over, Tony and he can get an annulment at the very least. That was the bright side of current social mores: Everything is disposable.
“You’ll regret it, Tones. When you sober up and Steve knows and you know he knows, you’ll regret it.”
Stefanus doesn’t see the trident until it’s barreling towards him. He raises his curved rectangular shield yet again, blocking the attack, but falling victim to the weighted net in its wake. He falls to the ground, sweeping his leg out to take Aemilius with him mid-lunge. The trident veers off-course from his leg towards his face, catching the lip of Stefanus’s helmet, and pulling it off him entirely to the gasps of the crowd as the men wrestle on the ground. Stefanus abandons his sword in favor of staving off Aemilius’s dagger, angling his head to allow his opponent to bury it in the dirt beside his face before flipping them both over, kicking up dust and sand. They scrape and tussle until Stefanus manages to place Aemilius in a headlock, his arm squeezing against the man’s neck as Aemilius kicks out wildly, futilely, his face turning dark and near purple before he finally taps out against his opponent’s arm and the referee calls the match in Stefanus’s favor.
Steve takes advantage of their proximity, burying his face in Tony’s neck as he listens to every pleasurable sound falling from the man’s lips, smells their sweat mingling slick and musky, feels the dip of his throat and scratch of his stubble.
“It wasn’t worth it,” Stark insists. “You stripped us – all of us – of our free will, so we were nothing more than puppets.”
Bacchus drops the dagger instead. His body slumps, sliding down from Stefanus’s chest to his stomach, allowing him to retrieve his sword and push Bacchus off with relative ease to the overwhelming booing of the crowd.
“Is there another way to phrase the situation that will make it make sense?” Bacchus asks incredulously. “Perhaps Dominus is right; your ass must be magical for it has certainly enchanted all sense and reason out of Staius.”
“Nuclear missiles, Tony. Innocent victims. These people must be stopped. The sooner the better.” He pulls sharply at the blankets, abruptly stripping Tony of the soft covering.
The accusation must hit close to home, because Hodge turns tail with an exasperated “I don’t have time for this” and leaves.
“Siv-Na? Sieve-Na?” Priscus tries the moniker on his tongue, finding the effort distasteful. “It is ugly to the ear and impossible to remember. Not a name for someone so fair.” He studies the boy. “Stefanus will suit you better. Yes, you will be Stefanus from now on.”
That must be the wrong thing to say because Antony frowns. He purchases a vial of rosewater for the house, but cuts their trip short, returning home shortly after.
He had been so careful to constrain his male hook-ups to pay-by-the-hour hotel rooms and men’s restrooms, and now, he actually took one home? How could he have been so stupid?
“Also a possibility, but I think it’s worth a shot. There may be people in there…” He focusses on the roof access door but sees no further movement. “And supplies.”
“Yet,” adds Dum Dum. “Steve’s been crushing on her for like two whole years. He’s even saving his first kiss for her.” He makes a kissy face, and Steve socks him in the shoulder, much to the boy’s displeasure. “What?” he says, rubbing his arm. “You don’t want Richie Rich to know you’ve never even kissed nobody?”
“Really?” Stark exclaims, throwing up his hands. “With that sour mug, color me shocked. I mean, he was clearly concerned to have hired a Mandalorian to protect you, but he didn’t have to be such an asshole about it. I gave him my best jokes, and the man never cracked a smile, not even once. Just stood there frowning, and asked ‘are you done, son?’” He plants a gloved finger in Steve’s chest. “I am a mercenary and well past my age of majority and never have I been referred to as a child, not even when I
“Not to me, it doesn’t. I’m supposed to be… Captain America always does the right thing – no hesitation – even when it’s the hard thing.”
Rhodey had been right. Not that that is surprising in itself, but Tony wonders why he fought even the idea of therapy so hard in the beginning.
Antony looks surprised, his fingers delicately tracing his lips, as if to feel the lingering warmth of the unexpected action. “You didn’t have to do that. I did not purchase the shield so you’d feel obligated–”
“You need to stroke opposite of me or else we’re just going to circle,” Tony complains later that afternoon when they are sitting in their couple’s kayak. He paddles once again, the craft listing right, as he looks over his shoulder. “Who taught you how to steer?”
“Jim?” Tony cants his head to the side. He already knows a Jim back home – two in fact – though one goes by Jacques because he’s a pretentious asshole. This guy didn’t seem like a Jim. “How about I call you Rhodey?”
Later, they end up at their old diner, the one with the old-fashioned burgers and shakes and their signature apple pies. They talk about the movie, the genre of comedic horror in general and special effects in particular. Steve had been impressed with the undead army as well as the appearance of the Ash clone in the second act. Tony had been impressed with the clone alright, largely because it meant there were two Bruce Campbells, and he could think of a lot of different scenarios where that could come in handy.
“The retiarius, Bacchus,” Stefanus replies. “We trained together as retiarii before I switched classes. He is the closest thing to family I have left, and I… I worry about him every time he enters the arena. Every time, I worry it will be the last, that he will not survive his next bout.”
Steve hears a ruckus outside as Stark fires up the engines and launches his craft at a steep incline. Unsecured, Steve nearly rolls into the cargo hold, grabbing onto an errant strap along the side to keep from falling entirely, the table slides across the floor and would have taken him out if not for the body of the dead stormtrooper wedged between them.
“I always get the runts. Look at that one.” He points at Suibne struggling under his weighted armor and blunted training weapon. “He’s making me cry.”
His father smacks him then, shutting Tony up. He seems almost surprised at himself, but Tony turns back, rubbing his burning cheek.
Steve thinks of Dum Dum, of Jim and James and Gabe, he and Bucky’s original team from the early days of the apocalypse, when they still held out hope of beating this thing, of holding off the horde, stemming the tide of the enemy until the military could regroup and–
“Like…” He rolls his wrist, trying to think of the right word and settling on “Sweet. Jesus, Cap. If I wanted sweet, if I wanted conscientious and attentive, I would be fucking Pepper, but I’m not. So stop being such a pansy and pretending this is anything other than us letting off a little steam. Just be a man, and fuck me without all that lovey-dovey crap.”
He continues to fuck into Antony, watching his face as he takes him apart, and Antony responds wonderfully, generous with his expressions, his touches, his love. Stefanus doesn’t want to be with anyone else, content to spend his days with the beautiful man below him.
They are broken, and whatever hopes of reconciliation Antony had entertained are now dashed. There is no coming back from this, no undoing the damage, not this time.
There’s a slight tremble in the ground, a break in the stillness of the air. Tony grabs Steve, pulling him to his chest just as a large flat stone slab slams down in place behind them where his assistant just had been standing, sealing them both within the tomb.
Steve doesn’t know what to do with that information, so instead he wets a hand towel and hands it to Tony. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“You know, you should have a little respect for Captain America. The man’s an American hero and didn’t deserve what he got. He was a good man who sacrificed himself to save the City, which included your mother at the time. Why, without him, you wouldn’t have been born at all.”
Tony pats Steve’s shoulders before dropping his arms entirely to pick up his backpack while Jarvis collects the rest of his things. “See you at Christmas, or… you know, earlier if you’re in the Boston area.” He turns to leave.
Stark hands him another part. “We’re still going to Tython. What each man does from there is no one’s business but his own.”
“…What?” That made no sense. Ms. Sarah was much younger than Tony’s parents even; she couldn’t have been much more than forty.
Contrary to expectation, Stefanus takes to the shield and sword far better than he had the net and trident. His experience as a retiarius also serves him well in his new capacity. He knows how they move, how they respond, having been one himself, and when he wins his first bout, Fidelis grumbles and complains, but he pays his outstanding bet to Erasmus.
It might be Tony’s imagination but Steve’s shoulders seem to go tense, his affect turning sheepish. “Oh… yeah, that’s uh… that second one is for–” he coughs, “One’s for guests.”
Tony can feel his face burn as he bats off Steve’s touch. “Yeah well, it toughened me up, taught me independence. I don’t have to lean on others when I can rely on my own intellect and ability.”
Bacchus seems to have come to the same conclusion. “Staius likes you. He likes you a lot. For now. If he offers… if you have a chance to escape Priscus’s servitude, you should take it. Life in a villa, especially one so well outfitted, isn’t so bad, and a concubinus’s station is quite envious amongst that lot. At least until Staius marries, and then what happens after… it’s a few years out of the ludus anyway. You could learn a trade in the meantime and become indispensable to the household or be sold to the state to record taxes paid or whatnot.”
Antony proves to be a generous tipper as well, gifting Stefanus what he had called a ‘small token of his appreciation for a night well spent.’ It’s double what he must have paid Priscus for the privilege of the night, and Stefanus doesn’t disclose his windfall to anyone, adding the sum to his winner’s purse for safekeeping.
Luckily, Rhodey runs a ship repair yard, and Stark’s ship, stripped as it is, passes as exactly the type of clunker he normally collects for spare parts. They enter virtually undetected, allowing Stark to get to work making his ship space-worthy once again.
Neither of them had wanted to step down from the survey team, and as the de facto leader of the so-called Avengers, Steve hadn’t forced the issue. Not that he would have had a leg to stand on, having approved Tony’s recruitment to their group shortly after they became an item. He still drew the line at Bruce and Laura, though; there are limits after all. Sam and Bucky had long proven they can take care of themselves, but those two would be liabilities on the road.
Perplexed, Steve looks up from his calculus homework, his pen tapping at the open book. “Tell you what?”
Stefanus can only gawp at the amount, but he doesn’t correct Antony as he passes the man the stated sum.
“It’s fine,” Stefanus replies, because it is leagues better and less degrading than anything else he has had to do for money. “It’s just… it’s a lot of money to spend on one such as I.”
He flips them both over the back of the couch and tries to wrestle the vampire to the ground even as Dracula gains the upper hand.
“You. Want to have sex. With me?” Steve repeats, parsing out the phrases. He understands each individually and even strung together, but the implications of that sentiment are immense, too big for him to get a handle on it.
Bucky gives him a hug in response, holding on for longer than necessary before he pulls away, patting and squeezing both shoulders of his long-time friend. “We’ll meet again, hopefully before the next trials.”
For his part, Steve is having way too much fun with their discovery. “Maybe if we’re lucky, we can find his royal highness’s collection of ruby butt plugs.”
It’s going so well that Steve invites Tony to his old neighborhood to meet his other friends, including the infamous Bucky Barnes.
Still, it costs him something to lie still and let this man have him, something undefinable, intangible but no less real. Little bits of him broken off piece by piece by the many who came before, an amputation in his very soul, and for what? A fifth of what they paid to have him?
Tony decides to do the same, drawing his signature character, though with less competency than Steve.
Stark’s fingers twitch, clawing at the armrest of his chair. “Don’t make him do this. Not… not like this.”
Antony jabs Romulus with his elbow. “Take a look at that one, the blond who lost his helmet. What was his name again? Stefanus?”
“You– you didn’t” -another gasp- “You didn’t have to choose,” Antony manages, biting his lip to stifle a moan, his breathing going high and eyes drifting closed on a particularly good thrust. He swallows, his chest heaving. “You– you could have had us… both.”
Steve’s lip twists with annoyance as he rests his hands on his waist. “Is this really the time to nitpick semantics?”
Because slaves looked the same (ethnically-speaking) as the diverse free populace of Rome, many were branded on their hands (usually soldiers) or commonly on their foreheads. Slaves may be tattooed with “Stop me! I am a runaway!” or “tax paid” on their foreheads for slaves owned by the state, and fugitive slaves who were captured and survived their punishment may also have FVG (for fugitivus) tattooed on their foreheads. Because of this practice, many slaves wore headbands and escaped slaves prayed to Asclepius (the Greek god of healing) to remove their marks. In this fic, Priscus prefers to not mark the faces of retiarii (who fight bare-headed) or any slave whose pretty face might turn a profit through prostitution, but he will do it if they try to run.
But the man drones on. “You know, Finley was a good choice. She’s gorgeous – a good misdirect as any I’ve seen to date – but there’s no way her roommate Julie is just her roommate. I mean… they live together, but…” He gives a one-shoulder shrug before he reaches forward, his fingers fumbling for Tony’s button fly. “Need help gettin’ out’a those?”
“I think you might find guarding my body easier from inside my bed chambers,” he says, his tone low, seductive.
Master Phillips is waiting at port, having already packed up all their purchased supplies, by the time Master Erskine arrives, the child he had already deemed psychologically unfit to be a Jedi in tow.
There is a pause, a recalibration as the crowd recontextualizes the fight they witnessed as in line with the heroic ideals of the past, where men willingly marched towards their fated deaths due to all-too-human feelings, like grief and love. There’s a light smattering of confused clapping, the waving of the flap of toga, and just like that, their earlier disapproval has dissipated into the ether.
“I am not in the habit of… airing anyone’s personal affairs. No one need concern themselves with what happens between consenting adults.”
“Look, I grew up in a normal household with two parents who stayed together throughout my childhood. They weren’t the warmest people, but it’s not like they beat me all the time, and yeah, maybe Howard yelled at me and didn’t particularly like me, but believe me, I had it coming sometimes. I was a bratty kid, okay?”
“You think I could bum one of those off you?” Steve asks the woman lounging on the bed beside him, a cigarette balanced between her lips as she holds a lighter to one end.
Steve follows Tony out the front, stopping him just outside the main building. “Hey Stark… Tony! Wait up!”
They collect what they can, raiding the aisles of sorely-needed supplies – rolls of wire, gears, solder, and other such materials Tony identifies as necessary to shore up the settlement’s defenses – before Steve finally relents and takes him to the kitchen aisle.
“Tony. How is my favorite partner in crime these days? Enjoying the fresh air, are you?” When Stark doesn’t reply, he drawls on, “Let me guess: The world has already devolved into chaos and you’ve come to spring your old friend Purple Man from the clink so we can fix it, change it all back to what it was before. It was so much easier then, wasn’t it, back when everyone was of the same mind?”
It doesn’t stop there. Within the first half hour, Tony manages to not only insult Cap’s wardrobe and age, but also his grandfatherly etiquette, his aversion to spicy food, and his old-fashioned sensibilities.
Tony is incredulous. “You’ve had casual sex?” All this time, he had thought of Steve as innocent, a paragon of virtue, and–
“We’ve got a private moonlit dinner on the beach,” Tony tells him as he examines himself in the mirror. His eyes flit to Steve’s reflection. “You should change. Freshen up. You’ll feel better, darling.”
“Well, what about chu?” Tony accuses, shrugging off any attempts to placate him. “I’m Tony fuckin’ Stark, and who’re you? A fuckin’ nobody, tha’s who. The hell would I want with a fuckin’ virgin who don’t even know how ta use his dick!”
But Tiberius is ultimately unimpressed. “That’s barely anything at all. My sister’s mustache is much thicker than that,” he scoffs.
“Hush now,” he says gently, his touch lingering a hair longer than necessary before he withdraws and closes the hatch.
Tony doesn’t want to wait. He takes the keys, turning to his companions, but before he can say anything, Pepper swipes the smaller of the two. “I will take the single room. You boys have fun in the suite,” she says, as if any other option had been on the table.
“No, I mean you lost your unicorn. I– I thought… well…” He rubs the back of his neck nervously, looking anywhere but at Tony. It seems silly now. In hindsight. And also 100% not his business.
Steve tugs at his sleeve, a touch self-conscious to be dressed in such loud colors after a lifetime of wearing only neutrals. “I could stay on the ship,” he offers.
Tony grins. “See, now you’ve got it.” Perhaps this won’t be so bad after all, this friendship thing.
When he hears more guards approaching, he dips into what turns out to be a laundry. That gives him an idea. He picks through the clothing, finding dark green pants, top, and complementary cap that is more to his size, emerging shortly after in a passable disguise, provided he keeps his head down with his gun at the ready, pretended he knew where he was going, and only encountered the others from a distance.
If it got out that he liked men… Well, the consequences for someone of his wealth and social capital, while embarrassing, weren’t particularly devastating. He’ll survive, but Steve–
“Cocoa sounds amazing,” Tony replies, plopping down in one of the chairs. He takes in his surroundings and wonders how Steve feels about the downgrade in lifestyle after having lived a decade in a mansion.
Several prospective buyers had examined him, but he had proven too small and lithe for manual labor and too malicious for other purposes.
“Suit yourself,” Tony says, feigning nonchalance as he gets off the cot and heads to a nearby cabinet where he keeps an extra change of clothes. “Don’t let the door hit your ass on the way out. I just had it cleaned, and–”
But Steve has had enough. “No… No, you don’t. What you need is a wake-up call, and this is it. I’m leaving. I can’t enable you anymore, but… but you won’t be alone. Jarvis is more than capable of holding down the fort, and I already called Rhodes. He’s on his way.”
There are perks to living in Avenger’s Mansion. Free rent, for one, and centrally located in Manhattan to boot. That right there is prime real estate, much better than anything Clint can afford in New York City on a civil servant’s salary. Then there are the amenities: food, cable, training gym, cars and bikes, the works. All free of charge. And all he had to do was wear purple spandex and be a decent marksman with the bow and arrow, which is kind of his schtick. Overall, it is a dream come true…
His private piano teacher is a kind man, passionate about music and patient enough with his young pupils to never so much as raise his voice or declare Tony a lost cause after the third missed note in as many minutes.
He soon comes upon the front gate of the ludus. It is an expansive complex, impressive in its own right, with a walled-in courtyard at the center where the gladiators practiced their craft bookended by long, flat outbuildings where they kept horses and armor. Towards the back is the main building, with gladiatorial barracks on the ground floor and Priscus’s villa above. It is there that he is received in the open-air atrium by none other than the lanista himself.
Steve hears Stark remove his helmet and place it carefully atop his other armor with a tell-tale clink followed by rustling that must be the rest of his clothes because by the time his hands are on Steve, spreading open his shirt to slip over his chest, and Steve touches him back, all he feels is bare skin. Then there are lips closing on his own, parting them sweetly to allow a foreign tongue to slide over his inexpert one, trying to coax him into an age-old dance. Steve feels clumsy, lumbering by comparison, but Stark doesn’t seem to care, deepening the kiss further as he gently rubs then tweaks an exposed nipple, making Steve gasp. Steve tries to copy the motion on Stark, but Stark pulls away as if burned, his hands on Steve’s wrists, preventing any further exploration.
Stefanus smooths his hands over the shield’s surface and remembers the smell of wet dirt and rain heavy in the air. He looks up. “Thank you, Antony.”
“You look like you can use some company,” a gorgeous woman in a too-tight dress says as she sidles in next to Steve, a martini balanced carefully in one hand.
His mother had stopped by the game room, the mansion’s newest residents in tow. “Tony honey, have you met Ms. Sarah?”
He finds Steve in his room, an opened duffle back on the floor that is already half-full of various clothing items and toiletries.
He brings him to Hadrianus, who gives him a cursory glance, his gaze zeroing in on his untamed hair. He frowns. “Took you long enough. I was beginning to think you would miss the excursion entirely.”
“It could if you would let me give it sentience. Admit it. The thought of another science bro joining our little duo makes you
“It’s fine, Tony. Really,” Steve replies, even as his eyebrow twitches and the grip on his glass tightens. “I am aware you’ve had other partners, and what’s passed is the past. I’m not going to hold anything against you.”
“I say it’s Ryan Reynolds,” Bruce adds, throwing his hat in the ring at the last second. “Tony likes an alpha with a sense of humor, and they presented together at the MTV Movie Awards around that time.”
“Bright suns, gentleman,” he hears Stark greet what has to be stormtroopers now aboard. “You’ve certainly beefed up security since last I was here. Before, I just had to fill out a declaration form for any flora or fauna I had acquired on my travels, and then I would be off… after paying a small fee, of course.” There’s a subtle clink of coin. A bribe.
“If you are here to collect my head, then you won’t find me an easy target,” Steve proclaims, not dropping his guard. Clearly, the Mandalorian only meant to eliminate the competition, so he can collect his bounty in relative peace.
Probably not, considering he had been near-death and still he refused to remove it, not while Steve could still see him.
Of course, nothing can ever come of it. Not only is Steve so painfully, so obviously straight, but he is one of Tony’s closest friends, and Tony would rather have Steve in his life as a friend than scare him away with what will soon prove to be a passing fancy.
“Stop that,” Stark says, his fingers stilling. “Stop making him say those things.” Rogers whines and fucks himself back on his fingers, inspiring Stark to continue his violation.
But Stefanus simply shakes his head. Bacchus may understand Roman masters, but he hasn’t met a man like his Antony. “Antony is kind and very generous. I won’t have to make that choice.”
“I’ve been with several gladiators, but none so handsome as you, Stefanus,” Julia whispers, standing on her toes to kiss his cheek, inspiring a heated blush that he is sure Antony does not miss. She smells clean, like rosewater, as her breasts press softly against his side and she sighs, a soft feminine gasp. “You are intoxicating.”
He had also cleaned up nicely, having showered and shaved, and looked back to his normal self. He’s even (mostly) sober. It is a rather impressive transformation.
How much could another pair of shoes possibly cost? One hundred dollars? Two hundred? Tony sucked at
By the time they finish their drawings, Steve has produced a passably good likeness of a muscle-bound action hero wearing a skin-tight uniform in a design reminiscent of an American flag. He has real artistic talent and a true appreciation of the male form a-la-Arnold Schwarzenegger. By comparison, Iron Man is all awkward angles and weird proportions more conducive to a robot than a person.
Just then, the lights turn on, and there’s a commotion in the foyer as a duo of police officers muscle their way through the front door and announce themselves. Mr. Big Hands swears, grabs Tony, and hurries them out the back, getting lost in the flood of underage partygoers fleeing the cops.
Stefanus had told Antony, but he had never once imagined the man would think to do anything about it.
It starts like this: Tony is antsy and itching for a fight with America’s Golden Boy, the freshly-defrosted Capsicle himself.
“Cecilia has been asking after you,” Bacchus says after he sneaks up behind Stefanus to shake him by the shoulders, a mischievous twinkle in his eye. “She is quite lovely and has a thing for blue eyes.”
“When will you crazy kids learn?” Clint sits down at the table in the breakfast nook. “So, what did you play for this time, or was it just another blow to your pride?”
“You don’t think they’ll check?” Steve asks. Stark’s ship is newer, and it’s possible their inspectors won’t be familiar with the various features available in this model – the storage hatch might even be a custom alteration – but then again, the scavengers who stripped his ship had found it just fine.
Steve almost rips off his buckle when reattaching the top of his uniform, but to Tony’s disappointment, he doesn’t take the bait. “I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but I’m leaving. Give me a call when you’re done being such a punk, or – baring any major personality changes – I’ll see you at the next mission.”
Dr. Ferguson is an older woman, with shoulder-length silver hair and black horn-rimmed glasses. She sits up straight in her recliner, a clipboard and pen in hand that she puts aside to welcome her new patient and invite him to sit on the opposite couch. Her affect is kind, if a touch detached, and professional.
but Tony can’t help himself. “I was wondering… if you are interested, then I would be interested in providing the experience.”
“You’ve been quiet tonight,” Stark states while faced away and helmet partially lifted, his spoon scraping the bottom of his bowl of stew.
“Does it still hurt?” he whispers. He knows what he felt, the edges of rather extensive scarring spiderwebbing from the center of Stark’s chest. They feel old, puffed in some places, stiff and tight in others.
“Oh come now, it’s not that dire,” Tony half-lies as he comes out of the bathroom to observe his assistant. Steve isn’t too bad-looking, if one were into that sort of frail constitution, and what he lacked in physical allure, he more than made up for in spirit. Hell, if Steve had been a woman, or into men himself…
Aemilius shakes his head and plants the novicus in place with his hands firm on his upper arms before stepping away. “The trident, boy,” he holds up his weapon in hopes his charge understands the motion if not the language. “More distance between you and your opponent. Dagger is a weapon of last resort, when you’re forced to stick them close,” he says, demonstrating the trident’s superior reach by tapping Suibne’s thigh with forked tip. “You don’t want them close.” He slides forward, fluidly hooking the trident behind the boy’s knee and knocking him to the ground.
Bucky shrugs. “I don’t know, man, and I wouldn’t think about it too hard. It’s only going to drive you crazy if you try to figure it out by recalling every minute detail of Stark’s whereabouts for the last two days.”
“Now, we can fuck, or you can sit back while I raise hell, beat the bed, moan to the heavens, make your father standing outside the door think you’re the gods’ gift to women, then walk out of here with a limp and a smile,” she offers. She pats the mattress on either side of her, smoothing out the sheets after. “Your choice.”
. We are not about to invite two strangers, who may be enemy operatives, back to our room for extramarital sex.”
What would Steve look like lost in pleasure, sprawled boneless across his sheets, legs parted and shaking and skin flushed as it had been an hour prior?
In contrast, nothing he did to improve ever seemed to matter to Master Phillips. Master Phillips remembered him as a troubled boy, from before he had managed to develop emotional resilience and restraint, when he was still struggling to fit in with the other Jedi Initiates and had gotten into more than one scrap. Master Phillips had had to discipline him multiple times during his stint at the Academy and must have been sorely tempted to expel him at least once. But that had been over ten years ago. In the interim, Steve had flourished under Master Erskine as his padawan. He had done his best to practice meditation and squash any remaining attachments, to accept things as they are and have compassion for all living beings equally. The incident with Master Erskine’s assassin… that had been a mistake, and he could own it as such. There is a process to these things, and Steve had failed to remain level-headed in an emotionally-fraught situation. It was a blunder that is unlikely to reoccur, especially with Master Phillips as his new mentor. Steve will be calm, the perfect padawan, and if someone happened to murder Master Phillips right this very second, he will even restrain himself from extreme retaliation.
Steve mouths at the skin under his ear. “It’s okay, sweetheart,” he murmurs, because he knows it’s difficult for Tony, and if he were to try to hold off, he might not finish at all. “You can come.”
“Don’t worry about this. Happens to the best of us when you’re in the public eye. I’ll call Pepper, threaten to sue them for libel, and we can get a retraction printed.” He pulls out his phone, presses speed dial as he continues to mumble, “I can’t fucking believe this.”
Tony starts his final year of grad school the following semester. He is eighteen now and not quite as out of place as he once was in the dorms.
“Yeah. Yeah, it did,” and there is the truth laid bare. Tony simultaneously can’t believe it and is yet so weary to be proven right about something so damaging, so hurtful, but then Steve clarifies, “but not for the reasons you think.”
When the secutor had first entered the arena, the silver sheen of his scaled armor almost blue in the sunlight and contrasted with the muted red of his loincloth, Antony had thought the man well-proportioned as is often the case with many in his occupation. The gladiators were the reason he dragged Romulus to the munera during Saturnalia. His friend knew the games were popular but didn’t quite grasp the appeal of bloodsport, finding the pastime base, a low diversion for the common man to distract him from crippling debt and the concentration of political power into the hands of the few, a weak panacea for the masses suffering a host of social ills. Romulus would rather concern himself with issues of policy and civic duty…
And so when he finally meets the other boy after he and his mother have moved in and settled, Tony pretends he’s not nearly vibrating with excitement at the prospect of his very first age-appropriate friend who isn’t Jarvis.
Tony graduates his prep school three years early and gets into MIT’s engineering program. His parents are thrilled; Tony is less so.
In all, it takes Stark two days to fix his ship. He had even cleared out a storage hatch in the floor underneath his workbench, lashing the contents down in the cargo hold. It’s a tight fit but just enough to hold Steve until they can get airborne.
“Hey… hey there,” Steve murmurs, softly shushing as Tony begins to cry. “It’s okay; it’s okay, Tony. I’m okay; you’re okay.” He looks down at the grinder. “We can find you a new one.”
Tony doesn’t have to wait until the next mission to see Steve again. Though Cap had recently relocated from the Tower to DC to be closer to S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters, he still frequented the City for what he termed “team-building exercises.” If Tony didn’t know any better, he’d think the man enjoyed the open road a little too much.
“Tell me, Tiberius. Have your balls managed to drop again since last we met? It would be a shame if your future wife had to resort to sleeping with your concubinus to produce an heir,” Antony needles the man. “In fact, I suggest you find a concubinus who resembles you. Not only will no one question the paternity of your children, but you will be fulfilling your ultimate destiny to
“I see you left my son to clean up on his own,” he comments, his chin tipped up so he can peer down his nose at the taller man. “Is that a common occurrence?”
Steve sneaks around the perimeter, ducking around blind spots created by large crates (while helping himself to a machine gun from the pile) and carefully timing the guards’ movements to bypass their notice, slowly making his way towards the center before slipping inside. He then moves carefully down the corridor, hiding in empty rooms and checking around corners to avoid enemy combatants. He can’t afford to go in with guns a-blazing, not when he hasn’t located Tony.
“Gosh, it’s been so long… it’s hard to describe, you know. Not everything feels like something else.” Tony says, getting fidgety. He spies an ice cream cart on the other side of the park. “Hey so… ice cream? My treat.”
She looks like she could be sleeping, Tony thinks; only her lips are red, and she never wore makeup to bed. His father is present for the occasion, but Tony wonders if he would have been had she died in the summer instead of autumn, if he even cares.
It’s late (for Steve) when Tony knocks on his door. The man is a creature of habit; he has likely already showered and dressed for bed.
“You think this is a mistake?” he shouts back, suddenly angry. “A malfunction? We lost, and they’re trying to take us all out! So for once in your sorry life, do as you’re told and run!” There are more clones spilling out of the Galactic Republic outpost, enough to overrun the two Jedi. Master Phillips practically tears up the path, lifting the stones up and sending them flying in a matrix of projectiles to thin out the herd of white helmets. “Survive! That is a direct order from your master!”
“Okay, people. There’s at least five zombies in here, possibly more. Teams of two, fan out, neutralize the threat, and scavenge what we can. Meet back here in fifteen,” Steve directs the others. “Tony, you’re still green so you’re with me.”
He tries to reason with his father. “Listen. I’ll be back in the fall. It’s not that long, in the grand scheme of things.”
But Purple Man doesn’t let up. “Look at him, Stark,” he says instead, his tone low, dangerous. Stark complies, gazing down at the way the sweat glistens off Rogers’s trembling, flexing muscles, at the exquisite pain evident in the visible half of his face turned to the side, cheek resting against the desktop, sliding back and forth in time to his thrusts. “I want you to feel this. I want you to know exactly what I’m making you do.”
“You know, they say sarcasm is a metric for potential. If that’s true, you’ll be a great man some day.”
“Abstaining from sex when you’re unattached isn’t necessarily ‘the right thing,’” Tony points out, complete with air quotes. “Hell, if I looked like you with your super-soldier stamina, it would be a revolving door of partners. I don’t know if I’d even bother wearing clothes. Or underwear. It would be silk robes, day in, day out.”
An explanation of the clothes Stefanus wears is in the next chapter, but basically, it’s the outfit of a freeborn boy under 15 or 16, and Priscus is an uncomfortably dirty old man. Age-wise, Stefanus is borderline to maybe a little older than that, and as a slave, he would be considered available for sex at younger ages, but basically, it’s a disturbing (though not uncommon at the time) fantasy nonetheless.
Stark rises from his seat to stand behind Rogers. He strokes the man’s back, trying to calm the slight tremble reverberating through his body. “It’s going to be alright, Cap. It… It’s– just remember to breathe, okay?” He unbuckles his belt and pulls his half-hard dick out from the confines of his underwear as if he is simply using a public urinal. But there is a certain unspoken social etiquette to such situations, and so he looks over his shoulder to glare at Purple Man. “Are you going to watch the entire time?”
“And when he broke the bed frame, he kept trying to bounce on the mattress until that was ruined as well. Talk about not knowing when to quit,” –a pause– “Obviously, I won that bet.”
Following one bad decision with life-altering implications, Tony unilaterally decides to not burden Steve with the consequences of their actions. He’s doing Steve a favor, saving him from a lifetime of obligation, he reasons. Steve would never want this baby; he doesn’t want to be a father, at least not yet and certainly not alongside Tony. But the deeper truth is that Tony simply doesn’t want Steve.
Later, once the cameras have left and the newlyweds have retired to the privacy of a conference room, Tony has the gall to inquire, “What was that back there?”
“How do you do that?” Tony’s arrows had all missed the target completely, landing outside the rings with a few impaling the surrounding wall.
“Cap,” he calls out in greeting. “What are you doing skulking outside Director Fury’s office so bright and early? Looking to regale the man with tales of your exhilarating weekend of bingo and shuffleboard with your peers? Did Gladys give you a run for your money? I’m sure the old girl’s a wily one.”
He pops his head out of the ship’s open side door, pointing at Steve. “You! You are reimbursing me for this!”
Steve chokes on nothing, and hides his face in his hands as he curls in on himself and weeps. Grief is a high, piercing whine ending in a punched-out hiccough then revving up once again.
“Wow. I really don’t get how you used to have so many issues in the romance department back in the forties,” Tony deadpans. “Such a charmer.”
They find the Golden Rod nestled within the sarcophagus alongside other jewelry and personal affects tucked into the funerary wrappings of the mummy.
He had truly thought that would be the last he ever sees of Stefanus, and so he is surprised when the man calls on him two weeks later at the Staius villa. With Hadrianus safely engaged at the Senate, he approves his admittance and receives him in the atrium. Stefanus looks well. He wears the blue tunic and complementary cloak Antony had purchased for him months ago in the early days of his service and seems glad but simultaneously apprehensive, his expression a touch guarded when Antony greets him.
“The script is… ambiguous. It could mean anything really, and there’s this very interesting bit about his wives here. Married who I think is his sister, or half-sister rather, but surely it was just a ceremonial thing–”
Now that… that is useful information. He wonders about the source of such graffito. Is it from a rival seeking to undermine the gladiator’s masculinity, a lover perhaps, or even a customer?
Steve would offer to have the Jedi High Council reimburse Stark, but he’s not too sure how widespread the events of today are. Master Erskine had worried that there had been a snake in the Republic, possibly reaching high enough places to order him assassinated with Master Phillips marked for death next. Who’s to say other masters haven’t similarly been targeted at the same time? So instead he says, “I’ll get you your money, even if I have to pay it myself when I get my Knight’s commission.”
Stefanus had thought it would just be the cloth, but Antony buys him a braided belt, new sandals, and even more cloth for a cloak in complementary colors with a brooch to hold it together.
“Would you like to come over here and find out?” Tony retorts, puckering up to make kissy-faces at Bucky.
“What do you think you’re doing, Master Erskine?” Master Phillips balks, scowling at the man, refusing to so much as acknowledge his new charge.
Steve can tell it’s a humiliating admission for the one-time playboy, and so he tries not to question it. Only… “Does it still feel good?”
Stefanus sits up, leans forward towards the other man. “I do care for you, Antony, whatever you think my motivations were, that has always been true. It is still true even now that I am free and have a choice in the matter.”
Tony snorts, crosses his arms and leans against his dresser. “Stop being dramatic. You don’t need to leave.”
Tony snorts. “You look like you’re a pro at that.” But Steve says nothing in response as he withdraws his hand then lifts Tony up and sheaths him on his dick with Tony’s thighs draped over his arms as he pumps him up and down. Tony can only circle his arms around Steve’s shoulders for leverage, moaning and holding him close as Steve uses him.
“That really isn’t necessary, J. Howard is just wasting his time,” Tony had told him as he places his small carry-on into the trunk on top of the other luggage Jarvis had already stowed away.
And so he sends Obi to hire an older female prostitute, someone to teach him the natural joys of active penetration and traditional masculinity.
Respectable, reliable, competent man as COMPANION, ASSISTANT, and CARETAKER of stubborn, combative invalid. Successful candidate must be resilient, inured to temper tantrums, with the ability to reign in the many excesses of a person used to having their way. GENEROUS PER DIEM RATE. Starts immediately. Open to all men who dare apply: Black, Irish, Chinese, etc. ALL-COMERS WELCOME.
“Please,” Stark begs, his voice on the verge of breaking, even as he doesn’t break his stride. “Please.”
Fidelis can only sigh in exasperation, pinching the bridge of his nose to massage the space there with thumb and forefinger. “For the love of the gods, boy. Just win. The collegia retiarii already has to dispense the funds for one memorial today. Try not to tax our financial reserves by dying.”
“I’m being serious. It’s not usually like this for me. Usually…” Usually it hurts in a bone-deep way that transcends the physical. It is an ache in his very being, one that had yet to go away even as he lay next to a man who was trying his best to wipe the slate clean. “Usually it’s different.”
He’s nearly eleven weeks along when he takes a hard hit to the stomach and is tossed around like a ragdoll by a new villain known as the Titanium Man built using Vanko’s old specs. Worried about the effects of the impact, Tony had flown back to the Tower before he could be medically cleared or debriefed.
“Yes, that was rather rude,” Purple Man concedes. “But we were good together, you know. We could have had everything. Your mind, your ideas, and my… persuasion. We could have ruled the world. We did rule the world.”
It’s only after Rhodey has left when he calls Steve one night in a disastrous lapse of judgment that Tony finally reconsiders. He doesn’t remember exactly what had been said, but he was wasted and sad enough to convince Steve to come over, ostensibly for some company. Unfortunately, drunk Tony’s definition of comfort is a touch more amorous than Steve is willing to entertain.
Well, one thing’s for sure. It’s definitely not Black Widow. Tony had been flirting with Nat since the start of the school year, and she always turned him down. If anything had happened, Tony would be floating on cloud nine for weeks, Steve can admit to himself with a small pang of jealousy.
Bacchus hesitates before he speaks, his voice soft and full of unease. “I know you likely cannot understand me, but just know you will survive. Whatever happens is but for a spell; it will end, and you will return here, and no one will think less of you for it. Many– many of us…” he pauses, takes a breath. “There is a way. Sometimes… sometimes when it’s happening, you leave. You let your mind wander, but your body stays where it is because that’s all they want from you in the end, and if they send you out so others can do the same…” His eyes are downcast, not quite looking at Suibne. “Sometimes you can keep some of the earnings, sometimes they tip, and you can save it alongside your prize money, and one day you can buy your way out, okay? So… do what you must and survive, for one day we may be free.” He scratches at the ASPS on his right hand, purposely holding it up to Suibne’s face and covering it while repeating, “Free.”
“I could come up with something else,” Stark offers instead with growing excitement. “Perhaps a cloth made of interlocking metal scales for ease of movement and protection.” Steve can already see the wheels turning in the Mandalorian’s mind as he imagines it. “Maybe something a little form-fitting so it won’t get caught on anything.” All the better to show off his ass. “You’ll like it.”
“Her name was Giselle, alright? And she’s… um, she’s not from around here,” Tony says, rather sheepishly. “She lives in Canada, in um– in Montreal, up in Quebec, you know. Because she’s French Canadian. We met during an exchange program last year.” It’s a solid story; one they can’t possibly refute. “She does some light modeling in Quebec, for like… the Gap and stuff. Just commercial though, not runway yet.”
And if Antony plays the role of Ganymede to Stefanus’s Zeus, well no one is around to bear witness to such a spectacle.
Steve turns his gaze askew as he rubs the back of his neck. “It’s not… She– she doesn’t like men in general, all right?”
He tosses the phone back to Tony, promptly turns around, and speed-walks back to their room, completely inured to the eyes and whispers of strangers, unable to so much as acknowledge them through the white noise in his own brain. Captain America was all he had left, and now, he’s not so sure he has that anymore. When it gets back to S.H.I.E.L.D. what he is, that he
Just then, the hatch opens to reveal a stormtrooper. Steve sits up abruptly, staring directly into the eyes of the white stormtrooper helmet. “You will walk away and clear this ship for launch,” he says, his voice steady, firm.
“You have seen me, right?” Steve replies, his tone morose, almost resigned. “What woman would want a wisp of a man who looks five years shy of an early grave?”
He thinks of Gialetta engulfed in flames, her face scorched and scarred under the cursed Jade mask she now wears.
“For your mother,” Hadrianus agrees. It is a truce of sorts, and they manage to make it to their destination without the entire affair devolving into yet another argument.
“Tony? Hey, Tony,” Cap is murmuring as he pats his arm. “You gave us quite a scare back there. Clint just left, and Bruce and Nat went to get lunch. Pepper’s here, and Rhodes came by, but uh… she’s talking to the doctors, and Rhodes had to go to the Triskelion, but he’ll be back later this evening.”
Tony kicks him in the shin, startling Cap awake, who takes one lazy look at Tony before his eyes widen in realization and he nearly catapults backward off the cot entirely, taking the sheet with him.
Stefanus walks onto the sands of the arena, fully outfitted in his secutor armor, holding the round shield and sword of his class to stand opposite Bacchus in his own lighter armor, the net in his left hand and the trident shining in the sunlight in his right, his face one of grim determination. For all the time they had trained together, sparred together, Bacchus has never looked so serious, so deadly. Stefanus looks up to the editor’s box to find Hadrianus standing, his arm suspended to give the order, and Antony behind him, his expression fraught as he stares back at him…
Perhaps that is why he is so apprehensive when Steve asks if he can have a private moment alone with Dracula.
It’s going to be at least a week before Rhodey can tow their ship. In the aftermath of Order 66, the Galactic Republic has restricted citizen movement and commandeered ships to ferry supplies and clone soldiers between outposts as they hunt down and weed out the Jedi threat. Steve had felt it before, the dread heavy like an ache in his gut, from the moment he and Master Phillips had been attacked, but he had attributed the bereft feeling to adrenaline and then to Master Phillips’s passing. The ache had ebbed and flowed but when it failed to abate even days later, he finally identifies the source: it is the feeling of Jedi falling one by one across the galaxy.
It isn’t the last Tony sees of Steve’s friends. After the first time, he tags along quite often, not wanting to be left behind in the mansion with only the adults for company. Their mothers encourage the friendship, and Steve’s friends (including Bucky) eventually warm to Tony, and though they rib on him for his wealth, Tony quickly learns he’s not the only one with a sore spot they like to prod.
Steve imagines Tony bravely struggling against Dr. Pym’s advances, trying to twist out of his grip as the man threatened to fail him, to get him booted from the academy altogether if he doesn’t let him.
Antony rents him again a few days later, ostensibly to be his bodyguard at yet another party where he hobnobs with the elite set, his cup languidly held up for more wine as he talks to other members of his class. He doesn’t acknowledge the slave girl refreshing his drink nor the boy at his arm as he regales his friends with some implausibly bawdy tale of a man and a well-endowed mule, but he glances at Stefanus from time to time with a hunger that cannot be sated by the plentiful spread of food before him.
“You don’t have to undersell it. It is a very thoughtful gift. I don’t know how I could ever repay you.”
Parentalia was in February and was a festival in honor of the ancestors where the living visited family tombs outside the city walls.
The Jedi Academy is not so different from the Brookland Home for Boys or so Steve comes to believe. Sure, the rooms are nicer, the food and clothing leagues better than where he had come from, but there is something of a pecking order amongst the younglings within extant clans, and being a new Initiate (and a physically unassuming and undertrained one at that), he lands somewhere near the bottom upon arrival.
It feels almost normal, this type of back-and-forth. Like the good old days before everything fell apart.
“We’ll be knights then and free to travel where we may.” Perhaps even together for a spell, before they are required to take on their own padawans.
Steve chuckles, a broken sound. “Then they found less than half of them,” he admits. “A lot of them probably wouldn’t have recognized me or maybe they just forgot.”
“You weren’t the one who had to go through second puberty. Backwards. All the weird hormones, not to mention being practically pintsize and easy to push around.” His voice had cracked and everything, but it was still preferable to–
But he’s not looking at Steve now, tapping his chin in consideration. “Or maybe Stark made the first move. This
True to his word, Steve becomes more engaged in the recreational activities the resort has to offer.
“I thought we were celebrating. Twelve weeks and I’ll be out of your hair for good.” Tony downs the rest of his glass. No point in letting scotch go to waste. He still pulls a face; just because a vintage is old and famous, doesn’t make it any good. Speaking of… “Don’t you have a boat to catch? The waves may not have scattered all his bones yet. You might be lucky enough to find a femur this time.”
A ludus purchases Stefanus from the flesh trade, training him to become a gladiator alongside fellow slave Bacchus.
“He can be a hypochondriac where I’m concerned. One time, I wanted to go as Lady Godiva for Halloween, but he was worried about the little details, like ‘freezing my balls off’ and ‘getting arrested,’ when he should have pointed out that I probably couldn’t pull off a very convincing Lady Godiva.”
“I will see you at port,” Master Erskine repeats, heading into what turns out to be the Brookland Home for Boys.
And that is how he had met him, the youth who would change the course of his life: Tiberius Servilius Priscus Structus.
Later, Tony tells himself it’s a fluke. They’d both been a little tipsy – Steve moreso than him, he thinks with a pang – but Steve didn’t seem to regret it come morning, and to his own surprise, neither did Tony.
“You think we’re having sex?” Stark manages through amused chuckling. “And you’ve also somehow decided that Steve would be the one to… to bend over and take one for the team?”
And now Suibne turns over completely onto his back, sitting up to face the other boy. “Did you mean it before?”
Tony had asked him this one favor: for them to not kill each other for fifteen minutes. Steve had been trained to withstand literal torture. He can do this.
“It’s just… you’re going all the way to Boston,” Steve says, almost plaintively. He’s going to miss him; they both will.
In some ways, Steve regrets it. He regrets not leaving Tony behind in the settlement where he can be safe with the others, where he doesn’t have to deal with the things the Avengers must do every day. Tony is not soft but not exactly suited for this life either, at least not yet and maybe not ever. Only time will tell…
Steve considers it. He knew not how to sew, but he did have experience with stinging nettles during a few unfortunate encounters in childhood. “Will the shirts not wilt before they can be finished?”
“I know what I have,” Tony grouches, his brows drawn together and mouth twisted into a sour expression. “Cap can’t help me.”
“Not in so many words, but I asked him to come,” Steve clarifies, shouldering his duffle bag. “Because you need help from someone who isn’t me or Jarvis, someone who isn’t used to letting you have your way.”
“Wait, Stark donated money to our department just to have you come over so you could...build some fickle engineering stuff for him?”, Bucky laughed. Both he and Steve were sitting at their small kitchen table eating scrambled eggs and some sausage for dinner.
The bell chimed and Tony let out a soft groan. He had just wasted one of his precious lonely hours on thinking about Steve Rogers.
"Peggy, was it?" He picked up the flirt and as the barkeeper handed him the drinks, he casually passed one on to her.
The science fair was in the gym of the high school. It was incredibly busy and soon they decided to split up since Tony wasn't interested in body parts and Bruce didn't really care for robots.
Tony woke up, feeling like shit. His whole body hurt and his ankle was pounding. Ugh, seemed like the Advil was wearing off.
Steve had insisted he went to lie down if he wasn't feeling well. Tony opened Netflix and started searching for a movie. Steve had never owned a TV so he had decided to show him the glorious movies of the past decade, starting with the reindeer games.
“Make sure he takes those”, he said as he gave Steve two bottles of antibiotics and painkillers, then turned around to Tony who was lying on the couch, wrapped in a blanket
On Friday Steve sent him an address in Brooklyn – probably their apartment- and Tony got a little nervous. After finishing his appointment at Dr. Banners, he got Happy to pick him up and drive him there. When he had asked Steve if he should bring anything, the blonde hat told him ‘snacks’, so he stopped Happy at a confectionery. Probably macarons would be okay? Since he didn’t know how many people would be there, he bought the entire macaron display, better safe than sorry. Looking at the giant bag he might have gone a bit overboard…Outside the car the soft rain from todays afternoon had turned into a full downpour, when Happy stopped in front of a small alleyway.
“Yes, please”, he finally managed to blurt out and seconds later Steve, the professional Tony-helper, had helped him to fix the bane of his existence again. Not having the entire weight of his arm straining his shoulder anymore, the pain slowly started receding and Tony let out a small sigh.
When Steve returned to the living area, Tony was sitting up again, giving him a crisp smile as to mask the pain he was still in. Steve shrugged and sat down in one of the armchairs facing the brunette. Looking outside he already saw the sun sinking. Time had passed quickly while they were working and with the following ruckus it was later than he had thought. Steve heard his stomach give a loud growl. Tony cleared his throat as if to say something, then looked down, kneading his hands, then started talking, his voice flat.
“Also I need your help as dear Pepper has told me she’d never ever help me in the lab again. There were a few accidents but I promise you everything is safe.”
He watched Tony's face turning from pale to dark red. Then Tony smiled and it was one of the most beautiful smiles Steve had ever seen.
When the cab arrived Steve settled down in the front, Tony still on his lap. The taxi-driver was about to say something, when Tony spoke up again: "Steve is warm, I'll stay with him. If someone tries to sue us, I'll sue them."
“Mr. Stark, I’m going to clean your wound now. After that you should take some antibiotics as well as painkillers. Don’t look at me that way, they will help you to sleep.”
Some couples were seated near the entrance. He even saw two people having sex in front of the building. Ew, disgusting!
“Yeah…sorry”, Tony mumbled, voice still trembling, “I really hate hospitals. But I guess we could call my doctor…”
“Weren’t you the police officer who found him a week ago?”, Banner asked with a raised eyebrow. Steve could feel his face heating up under the older man’s sharp eyes.
Clutching his right arm at the wrist, he managed to take some of the weight off his shoulder. The brace was still lying where he tossed it, on top of his pile of wet clothes. Only seconds later the door to the bathroom opened again, revealing Steve.
He was quite sure Tony thought he was out. After all they were sharing a flat for over two month and he had never heard him singing before. Maybe he was embarrassed by it...
They finished their food and walked home afterwards since the weather was really nice, especially considering the fact that it was end of November.
Tony didn’t know what situation he had gotten himself into. Yes, he was aware that he was a billionaire and probably shouldn’t be walking around in the dark streets of Manhattan in the middle of the night. But due to some self defense training he figured he’d be alright. Hell, people had tried to rob him several times and he got out by either talking or kicking the gun out of their hand. His self defense instructor had been hesitant when he first asked him on ‘that kind of lessons’ but well, he simply refused to give his money to some punks who thought to earn it by simply pointing a gun at him.
"How is your boyfriend doing? Oh wait, he isn't your boyfriend, since he doesn't like boys", Justin smirked. Tony felt the heat rushing to his face and before he could overthink it, he had kneed Hammer into his best parts. In an instant Hammer went down, clutching his stomach. Tony felt a small feeling of victory wash over him.
“No, your paper work is fine. Our department just got a donation from Stark industries under one condition – I am to send you over to the Stark tower”, Fury raised an eyebrow. “Can you explain this to me?”
Tony's bladder felt like it was going to burst, so he decided that he should head for the toilet. He slowly sat up and waited until the world had stopped spinning. Thanks to his ankle walking wouldn't work out, so Toy decided on crawling. Hopefully Steve wouldn't come back and see him.
"Steve, we need a coffee machine, this coffee powder is incredibly disgusting", Tony whined as soon as Steve entered the kitchen the next morning.
The next days Tony spent in the workshop at the college working on Steve's mini-bike. He had decided that it would be a nice feature if the lights would actually work. So he spent hours sitting there fiddling with tiny engine parts. At least they didn't have any course-assignments this week so he could use that time for working on the motorcycle. They had decided to meet up at Friday 8 pm and Tony really needed to finish before that. So while the others went home after finishing the last course he stayed behind in the workshop, polishing the motorcycle and finally wrapping it.
“I can probably finish it on my own”, Stark answered and pressed the button on the elevator they just had reached, the door opened and both got in.
"Stop it!" Steve sounded angry. He tried to snatch the phone from Clint who just backed away a few steps and started commenting on the video.
“If you want to lose again at settlers, sure”, Tony grinned, feeling a warmth spreading through his body. “But only if I can have a closer look at Bucky’s arm before totally crushing you again.”
On the picture he looked deeply concentrated and happy at the same time. It was amazing how Steve had managed to capture his feelings, but something wasn't quite right.
"Yeah", Steve answered, "I missed my last bus and just got here today. Well and Tony was busy making his room a mess"
Steve made breakfast and they ate in silence. "Okay, let's go", Tony sighed after taking a look at his watch.
Everything was a bit blurry. On the first try he missed the spoon. Steve took that as a sign that he wasn't capable of eating by him self so he picked it up.
“No”, Tony tried to push Steve away, trying to stand up but failing to even get one foot under him, his breath quickening. Steve froze, he knew the signs of an on-setting panic attack.
Tony just nodded with a pained smile. He had taken both antibiotics and painkillers and looked like he was half asleep already.
“Uhm, hi”, he approached one of them, “I have an invite from Mr. Stark” He held up the paper with the scribbled note. The security guard took it, then started talking into his communication device.
“..protocol, I know. Yes. I was conscious that time. You saw me pass out later. Not my best move when a cute guy approaches me. Are you finished? You can talk about the rest with my lawyers, ok?” Stark gave him a strained smile and Steve felt dismissed.
He gave Stark a soft smile and saw the billionaire’s façade starting to crumble, revealing a hint of a stressed out and tired (and injured) man. Stark fixed that with another fake-smile.
is your brace? You still do have a broken shoulder, you shouldn’t be running around like this” Tony was hit by a full Steve Rogers frown.
"What do you want", Tony snapped and tried to get up. A sharp pain shot through his ankle. Great, he had just managed to sprain his ankle. There was no way he would be there on time.
And Stark winked. Steve knew this was dangerous terrain, he had known the man for what…a week? With their first meeting being not pleasant and Stark being only half conscious that time. He shouldn’t spend so much time with someone so out of his league.
Shaving with your weak hand proved pretty difficult and half an hour later he tossed the razor into the tub with a strangled shout. God, he looked worse by now, with his entire face covered in a half-shaved beard with one or two faint cuts on his cheeks. His standard goatee was nowhere to be seen. Pepper, who had helped him shave after being released from the hospital, was half across the country and he didn’t want to show his face to Steve, when he looked like this. The blonde would probably flee the room or…something.
She drew one herself and snickered. That was going to be fun. Tony was the last to draw. He opened his paper and tried not to frown. Steve.
“Then make him your boyfriend! From what I hear you’re both stupidly in love. But since I’m your best friend, I’ll gladly put up with an entire game night of Steve-pining. I bet it’ll be hilarious. But also, I got money on you getting laid before your birthday, so please…”
“Wow, didn’t know you were such an eye candy. But blame it on me, I wasn’t really able to appreciate it that night.”
“Got a distress signal near your location” they heard the voice of their friend and colleague Natasha who was on radio duty that night, “gonna put it through!”
"You mean the fact that I will probably fall over every step because they are so big?" Tony answered.
“Hey, are you the police?”, he called when he finally heard footsteps approaching. They were heavy but cautious.
Their opponent wasn't really a match for their team and by half time they were already leading with 32 points, most of them scored by Steve.
"Hello Stark", someone greeted him. Hammer. But he wasn't alone, this time two huge guys accompanied him, most likely bodyguards from his family.
He grabbed a piece of paper from the receptionist and started scribbling down his number as well as his name, adding a small star behind it. Bucky would kill him, if he told him about this day. Stark looked at him with wide eyes as he handed him the piece of paper, then he smiled a genuine smile.
He had taken out his false teeth, now carrying them in his left hand. Using his right to steady himself he made his way out of the stuffy room.
It proved to be the right decision, through the workshop door he could see Tony sitting at one of the computers sipping from a cup. Judging from what he had consumed yesterday it was probably coffee. The engineer looked tired, his hair mussed and dark circles sitting under his eyes. He was wearing the same clothes as the day before.
When he left the lab at seven about 100 new messages waited for him. Scrolling through them he slowly walked back to their dorm.
Steve nodded. He didn’t really know what this was about but to be honest, he was curious too. Also seeing the other man wasn’t the worst that could have happened today.
He typed a quick response. He had almost felt this coming. Peggy was a great friend and quite good at kissing, but he somehow felt not everything was quite alright. There were no deeper feelings.
"But I have to finish my new project", Tony sighed. Steve was already hassling him for 30 minutes already and showed no sign of giving up.
In front of their apartment he noticed he had left the key inside. He knocked. Maybe Steve was there. No answer. So he would have to wait.
Ok, this wasn’t a situation Steve was used to dealing with. He felt his face heat up under Starks beaming smile. The engineer sure was a blunt person.
“That’s not what I meant, you gave Stark your number? That is way more straight forward than what I expected from you, Stevie. My best friend, falling in love with the most wanted bachelor of Manhattan!”
Over the next hours Steve learned, that Tony was 36, had been CEO of Stark industries for 15 years after graduating from MIT with two doctorates at 21 and losing his parents in a car crash. His hobbies involved fixing stuff, coding stuff, building robots and drinking coffee. A few years after taking over Stark industries, he had turned the weapon manufacturer into one of the biggest tech-companies based on clean energy. Then they moved on to talking about movies, favorite places in New York, music and family. When Steve told Tony, that Bucky had a prosthetic arm, the engineer seemed super interested, pressing him to bring over his best friend some time, so he could have a look at the prothesis. While they were eating and talking the sun had went down and since they hadn’t bothered to turn on the lights, the only thing lighting the room were the twinkling lights of never-sleeping Manhattan. Noticing that Tony started yawning more and more by the minute, Steve decided that while he enjoyed the company, he should probably send the engineer to bed.
"Nothing we can do right now, buddy. We have to get you back in the game. Look, he's already getting up."
"So, how are you doing?" Steve asked sliding into bed next to his boyfriend. He gave him a small peck on the forehead.
"No, it's fine!" She laughed. "I was just teasing! And I think Tony here needs your scarf more. You hardly see him outside. That just can't be good for your body."
He looked down. There was a guy on the floor, his books and many pages covered in mathematical equations scattered across the hallway.
"Hello, so you are the famous Tony." Peggy grabbed his hand and shook it, "Steve has told me so much about you, how smart you are and how hard you work all the time. I'm so happy I finally get to meet you."
“You make it sound worse than it was”, Steve answered, “Stark…Tony is a skilled inventor and I was glad to help.” He felt his lips turning into a soft smile as he remembered working with the engineer. Tony sure was…something.
Deep in thoughts he had already crossed campus and was standing in front of his dorm. As every student he shared a small two-person flat together with another student. Those flats contained two bedrooms (really small), a small kitchen and a bathroom. He had already been assigned to a flat, number 93. He was paired up with a guy called Anthony. Maybe he would also like to join the football team Steve mused as he made his way through the flat. One of the doors was open and the room looked unused, so Steve decided that this would be his room. Also the other door was closed, only loud rock music blasted outside. He set down his luggage and made his way over to the other room. It would be nice to meet his roommate as soon as possible. Hopefully they would become good friends.
"Yeah", Steve mumbled, "Peggy and I just broke up...well, we both decided it was better this way and that we will stay friends. But I still feel bad. You know, I didn't even love her and still I feel bad!"
Well, it explained why Steve hadn't come back for him. He had found himself a girl. A better match than his roommate who had spent the evening wallowing in self-pity. But damn, that hurt!
“Sunshine over there “ – another wave with the gun which made both the officer and thug- guy flinch – “Tried to rob me. So we had a fast showdown with him shooting me and me taking his gun and then I told him to call the police, meaning you. So, if you, please, could arrest him…my patience is wearing thin”
He was still limping but the ankle was starting to heal and it was only a matter of time that he would be able to walk properly again.
Tony nodded und wrapped his arms around Steve's strong shoulders. Then he felt himself being lifted off the ground.
Whatever that meant. From what Dr. Banner had told him his shoulder was a mess of torn tissue and metal holding together what was left of his bones. Getting shot hadn’t looked that bad in action movies but the real deal was – it really sucked. He basically had a hole of the size of a big marble in his shoulder.
"So, you're the new guys", Clint said, "well, you and Thor and Bruce, but we know them since yesterday already!"
Inside he sat down on the bed. Well, this was really complicated. He had never been the person to become friendly with someone. Hence, the only contact he ever had to other people was to his butler and at press conferences, where he had to smile and act like the good heir to Stark industries.
Despite his promise to get out some more Tony buried himself in work the next week. The teachers were passing out homework like it was a treat. He didn't even come home before midnight most days.
He shouldn’t be dreaming about the fingers of a stranger or what they could do. Only the thought made his face heat up. As soon as the captain had left the building, Tony tucked the small piece of paper into one pocket of his sweatpants and went back to his workshop. The pain in his arm was flaring up again and he needed something to distract him.
"It wasn't that bad." Natasha admitted. "Nice isn't quite the right word, but it wasn't totally bad. Only a little... Or maybe more..."
He turned around. The other guy was a little smaller than him and had short blonde hair. Steve gave him a quick nod.
“Uh, yes. I kinda got to know Mr. Stark through that, I was helping him in the workshop when he fell on his shoulder. He’s on the couch, sleeping right now.”
“Also, no offense, but you should go get some more rest. I was shot once and know that this isn’t a pleasant experience.”
"Finished", he set down a cup of hot chocolate in front of Steve, who had just failed level 19 of Candy Crush again. , "It's a pity we don't have mini marshmallows."
Working with only one arm was awful. He couldn’t lift like anything; his notes were nearly unreadable hence his right hand being his writing hand and even when using tools his hands were shaking badly. The engineer had been working on a small device for holographic video-telephony and after writing the code the only thing left to do was to actually build it.
“And finished”, Steve grinned and turned to the sink to wash the razor. He took one of the fluffy white towels Tony loved and handed it to him. Drying his face, Tony looked in the mirror and gave out a small, satisfied sound.
Steve sighed. He had hoped they would come to better terms soon, but it seemed like that wasn't going to happen.
Tony, who was still trying to put his boots on sighed. Thank you for that. Always nice to hear people laughing about him.
"Sorry, I didn't want to insult you", he pulled out his key and opened the door. Tony followed him inside, carrying a huge amount of bags.
Steve was close to panicking. Tony had just collapsed right before his eyes and now his teammates were dragging him to the medics at the other side of the field.
“Uhm…alright, that would be great”, he finally managed to stutter, hating himself for that as soon as the words left his mouth. Thankfully Steve helped him out of the brace without further comments though the smirk never left his face.
The best about Christmas season was all the chocolate you could buy. Since Tony couldn't decide for one flavour he bought them all, even if Steve didn't like them there was still Clint. And Clint ate everything!
“Alright”, Steve answered, and gave him a small smile. Tony was fiddling with the light switch and soon the room was illuminated by soft, dim light.
Steve could see Tony’s face first turn white than red. The brunette lowered his gaze and started chewing on his lip.
“You know, since we’re going to change your wrappings, you might as well take a shower or a bath before that.”, he told the brunette.
Steve knocked and waited. No answer, he knocked again. Finally the music was turned off and someone opened the door.
“Hmm, well I guess you should visit Stark and find out. Before we accept this donation, I want to make sure nothing illegal is going on here. You know the compliance rules, officer?”
Oh, great. Steve could have just let him pick his won seat, but no, now he was seated right in front of Justin Hammer.
“What the fuck was that?”, Bucky asked him, “Who points a gun at someone and then tells them to call the police?”
“We already talked about your idea of “resting” and you are welcome to call a nurse if you need any help”, the doctor sighed.
Tony shrugged, a small smile forming on his face, “well, you all are just too nice and gullible”, he answered. He was met with loud protest.
“Sorry boss, but I can’t drive you the whole way to the apartment. The street is just too narrow”, Happy told him, “But you should wait till the rain has stopped…”
"You draw a name of someone and then you will have to get a gift for that person. And at the party we exchange the gifts", Steve explained.
The elevator gave a small ping and the door opened, revealing the entrance hall. Stark lead the way into the now mostly empty room. A perfectly styled receptionist was smiling at him and Steve noticed how out of place Stark looked here with his oil smeared tank top and the sweatpants.
He pointed at Steves foot. Steve looked down slowly. He had stepped on something, something with a dark brown frame. Shit! Those were...
Steve tipped his chin up with a finger and suddenly there were lips on his and Steve was kissing him. Oh. God. Steve was kissing HIM!
When he returned from the short phone call (turned out getting a doctor on the phone was a lot easier if you were a billionaire) Tony had his eyes closed and was shivering slightly. Wearing only a tank top, the aircon sure was pretty cold. Steve grabbed one of the blankets and draped it across the others small form.
“So I heard you have to write a nice little report about our special meeting. Let’s just sit down and I’m all yours!”
Sorry for taking so long to post, might even take longer in the future since i'm currently changing positions at work (and I tend to writ in my break)
After finishing the pasta, Steve went on to setting the table. He decided against wine, not knowing how alcohol would react with the medication Tony was taking. When he was finished with the preparations he went over to the couch, where Tony was snoring softly. His hair was a mess, but he looked peaceful and in a lot less pain than before. Steve pondered if he should wake him, when Tony stirred, saving him the decision.
"If they are "reindeer games" I'm in", Tony explained. He didn't really like unrealistic love-and-peace-movies. Even though that was kinda a part of the whole christmas thing.
"Tony?" Steve shouted, "Tony, where are you, are you alright?" He sounded pretty worried which made Tony cringe out of guilt. Shouldn't Steve be celebrating the victory with his teammates? Why was he home already? He heard banging on a door, probably his bedroom door.
After what seemed an eternity of the very best kind of research he felt his shoulder acting up again and leaned back in his chair, brows furrowed in pain, then decided to move on to a new project to distract him. This worked pretty well – bless work- till he had to stop since the ringing in his ears was becoming louder and his shoulder felt like it was on fire. Maybe not taking pain killers hadn’t been his best idea but with them he would have never been as productive. Also, he faintly remembered having to clean the wound and change the bandages every few days. This counted as a few days, right? Alright, he could just get it done and hopefully it would help him with the pain. He grabbed fresh bandages from one of the first aid kits in his workshop and made his way over to the small bathroom on this floor. Looking in the mirror he winced. His eyes were sporting dark circles and his goatee was slowly growing to long making it look smeared and unsharp. He really needed to shave! Simply taking off the brace had him whimpering from pain. Wasn’t this supposed to get better? When the sharpness of the pain faded he pulled off his tank top. The bandages stood out in a stark contrast to his tanned body. Slowly he started unwrapping those and couldn’t stop himself from gasping out in small, pathetic moans. God, he wished Pepper were here to help him. The last parts of the fabric were sticking to the wound and he ripped it off with a silent scream. Black spots were beginning to form in front of his vision and he closed his eyes fighting off the dizzy spell. When he had gathered enough strength to continue, he looked into the mirror - the wound didn’t look too bad, it was stitched closed, the skin was a bit orange from the antiseptic but otherwise it actually looked like it was healing. Raising a finger Tony prodded at the flesh.
Tony finished unpacking all the groceries and poured some milk into a pot. When the milk was warm enough he added some chocolate and cocoa powder.
Steve’s guts clenched when the man waved the gun in a somewhat careless manner. The other guy gave out a small whimper.
Tony jumped to his feet and walked over to them with a bright smile. He was wearing only a tank top and flip flops. Steve cringed internally as he noticed his clothes, this was no proper safety equipment. The pushed-up safety goggles tangled in the brunette’s hair didn’t really make it any better. Well, at least his right arm was still stabilized by the brace and Steve could see white bandages peeking out underneath.
“That looks really good.”, he exclaimed and sat down, “Pasta has always been one of my favorite dishes.”
“See you tomorrow, darling”, he called as he left Steve to let himself out. The blonde was shaking his head as he stepped into the elevator.  He touched the tingling spot on his cheek and smiled.
"What is a secret Santa?" Tony whispered to Steve. He never had spent much time among others and no one ever told him about this tradition.
"Tony", he was greeted by a panting and smiling Steve as soon as he reached the dance floor. "Where were you? I was looking for you!"
While talking Stark gesticulated widely with his left hand, sometimes Steve saw him flinch, when he moved his right arm. Looking at Stark he also noticed that the man was sweating and his face was pretty pale.
Looking at the officer he could see him think, then he seemed to finally notice Tony’s injury and took action, cuffing the thug. The engineers cramped fingers loosened, and he let the gun fall to the ground the ringing in his ears getting stronger by the second.
It was his day off but due to his routine Steve woke at 5 and went for a run. The sun was shining already and the day was going to be warm and beautiful. He might have taken a longer run than usual (passing Stark-tower had totally been a coincidence) because when he returned to their flat, Bucky was already sitting at the kitchen table, drinking coffee.
Steve looked at his best friend who stared at him looking shocked. Well, Bucky knew he wasn’t really tech-affine so what? He shrugged and continued inspecting the paperwork.
He was still a little worried. The last time he had passed out (hit in the head) he hadn't felt good for another two days. But maybe that had been because of the concussion.
“Thank you, officer”, the other guy smiled, lowering his shaking hand that had been holding the gun. Then Steve saw his eyes swim out of focus and turn back into his head. He jumped forward, trying to catch the unconscious man and felt some sticky and hot liquid soaking his fingers. How long exactly had suit-guy been sitting here, bleeding while pointing a gun at the thief? The blonde gave the thug a long glance then pulled out the walkie talkie.
“Well I would have loved to, but I have a company to run”, Tony snapped, having turned a bright crimson during the doctor’s lecture.
They ate in gluttonous silence as Bruce called it. Everyone was devouring the food so there was not room for talking.
He’d never actually been to any game nights since, as Howard said, board games were not suitable for a Stark. But Steve had invited him and maybe his roommate would be there as well (after hearing about the metal arm Tony so wanted to see that one in person) and, well, he just enjoyed spending time with Steve.
His father had sent him off with the words: "Go and find yourself a nice girl that is able to take your mood swings."
"Pizza sounds awesome", Steve answered and started picking up the food. How much did Tony buy? And why was everything fastfood?
“I know...I’m sorry. But that was damn stupid! Why do you try to fight someone with a gun? Tony, you could have died! Gosh, you worried both Pepper and me. You’re too stubborn for your own good.”
Tony sighed and ended the call. Yes, maybe he was childish but had already lost too much of his precious time staying at the hospital. As the charming CEO he should probably throw a party, so people could see that he was still amazing and not bothered at all by getting injured, but truth was he didn’t want to be around people nor make money out of his misery. With Rhodey deployed and Pepper leaving soon, the list of people he could ask for help without them wanting profit or to gloat about Tony’s weakness was short. In numbers “zero”.
“Come on…”, he mumbled watching the thief fumbling with his phone. He could feel his right sleeve getting wetter by the minute and the ringing in his ears wouldn’t cease. Through cotton he could hear the guy talking to someone on the phone.
“Please??” Puppy eyes were a really unfair weapon and Steve had to admit that the smaller one was proficient in using those. He couldn’t help but notice that Stark’s eyes were, in fact, of a beautiful dark brown color framed by dark lashes.
“We didn’t manage to finish today so I said I’d help him some more tomorrow and his entire building-access is code controlled” Steve explained. He plucked his phone from Bucky’s fingers and smiled when he added Stark as a contact.
Considering the light falling through the half closed blinds it was probably somewhat around 3 pm. But he didn’t know for how long he had slept. Tony raised his arm to shake the doctor’s hand and was met with pain again. Shoot, he totally forgot that basically anything with his right arm was a very bad idea.
"No... ah... well, that would be nice", Tony admitted and closed his eyes. Steve called for a nurse and she inserted some painkillers into the IV-drip.
"Sure, we just started making lasagne", Clint grinned. But you two can prepare some dessert, our kitchen is already full enough!"
Well, that didn’t sound too bad. Probably Steve only needed to lift something and if this meant spending a few more minutes with the brunette he wasn’t totally against it. As Bucky said, Stark wasn’t too hard on your eyes.
“I brought snacks.”, Tony blurted out, not knowing how to deal with a very worried and mother henny Steve.
Steve felt his forehead and sighed. Tony still had a light fever but at least he had managed to sit up on his own this time. He grabbed the spoon for Tony.
“It was my pleasure”, Steve answered, “take care of yourself and I’ll come over as soon as my shift is finished?”
True to his words he finished unwrapping, effectively dried and disinfected the wound and rewrapped it in a matter of a few minutes.
Shit, did he oversleep? No, he had at least an hour before meeting up with Bruce. So, time to grab a shower, hopefully without meeting Steve.
As the evening continued they learned that Clint was studying sports together with Natasha, Bruce had started studying medicine and Thor was a Norwegian exchange student, who just took general courses. Just as the last one (Clint) had finished they heard a buzzing noise and with a pang the lights were back on.
"How about we take this somewhere a little more private?" Hammer suggested and smiled a sly grin. He picked up the package that still was lying on the ground, "follow me!"
Steve had gone for the werewolf-look, which only looked like a huge puppy but no one dared to tell him, because a sad puppy Steve was even worse.
“He seems pretty lonely and his PA left for the week, so I thought…ok, guess you caught me. He is cute and I wouldn’t mind to spend more time with him, get to know him better. Which is exactly what I’m doing tomorrow.”
“Then let’s get your prototype finished”, Steve smiled and made his way over to the workbench where they had been working the day before. Tony followed him and Steve could hear the faint slapping of his flip flops. God, someone really should tell the other about workshop safety.
"I'm old enough", Tony snapped and gulped down the whiskey. He hoped the familiar burn of alcohol would replace his feelings for Steve. Who was currently spinning another girl in circles. For a man who said he couldn't dance he was doing incredibly well. Tony decided he couldn't watch that anymore, so he started searching for the toilet.
Also the alcohol slowly started reaching his head and as Steve pushed him in another weird dance figure he must have invented himself he started laughing.
“Seems like you were lucky”, the doctor told them looking at a few images. “The bone is still set as it should be and is starting to heal already.”
"Stop flirting captain and come on! Were having a final team meeting!" Someone shouted from the changing room.
“So, how was Stark?”, Bucky asked him when he entered their office. He was playing with the fidget spinner again not seeming to eager to finish the paperwork office duty meant.
"He is under the influence of heavy pain meds," Bruce explained. The driver chose not to answer and just started the motor.
“I’ve never done stuff like this, but you told me you’ll help me. So, let’s get started”, he smiled, “what should I do?”
“You are in no position to ever question my love life again as long as you don’t manage to ask Clint out already”, he chuckled seeing Bucky’s ears turning a faint pink. Clint was a junior officer in their department and Bucky had been crushing on him from the first day on. After finishing his meal, Steve put his bowl in the dishwasher and grabbed his leather jacket.
Tony was bored. Some of the hours after Captain Rogers had left he had spent writing a new update for one of the Stark phones enabling a faster emergency-call option. Now he kept gazing over to the half finished project the captain had helped him with and finally pulled out the piece of paper the blonde had handed him. Steve’s handwriting was neat and Tony couldn’t help but smile at the small star scribbled next to the number. Pepper would so grill him for contacting the officer again (as well as sending him an all-access code) but he simply pulled out his phone, added “Cpt. Steve Rogers” as a contact and started typing (which, to be honest, was a bit clumsy, he was used to typing with both his hands, the phone being a bit too big to only use one).
He looked at Rhodey and tried to smile. He feared the recovery process and having to do it alone scared him more than he would admit. But he knew it wasn’t his friends fault.
"Stop it", Tony whimpered. God, he was already sounding pathetic. His arms were starting to hurt from being held down with such a force.
That was the good thing about Bruce. He didn't force himself on other people. To live and let live seemed to be his motto. He would be a nice doctor, Tony decided. Not to invasive but very good at observing and noticing minor details.
"I had fun, too." Bruce smiled. "You need to go out some more. I haven't seen you at our movie night for three weeks!"
When they were walking over the snowy campus Steve asked again: "And you're really ok with me painting you?"
"Not so sure 'bout that." Steve mumbled but continued stirring the melted chocolate. Finally the mousse was finished and it tasted only a little strange.
A bit of the tension left the brunettes body and he stopped struggling. His breathing had turned into sharp and fast gasps. His fingers clenching and unclenching with every single one of them, his body being wrecked by erratic fits of shivers. Steve cursed softly and grabbed Tony’s face, tilting up his chin so he was looking into the clouded eyes.
"I have never heard of the sport you call football, but it appears to be popular among the people!" Thor (the big guy) exclaimed.
Tony had spent the last hours on reading about football so he would understand what was going on. It turned out that hadn't been necessary. He spent the game with his eyes glued to Steve and his gorgeous body. It was even more gorgeous in action.
As the alarm rang, telling them the pizza was ready, there was a small snap, the TV went dark and the lights went out.
He had an idea, but he wasn't sure if Steve would like it and he didn't want to show off his money or anything...
The door opened and a person wearing white came in. Probably a doctor or a nurse. The guy was wearing glasses and a small smile. He seemed reasonably competent.
In the light of Tonys mobile phone they made their way over to the kitchen. After they had set down the pizzas on the table to cool down, they made their way over to the corridor.
"I'm fine!" He got up and turned around to give Tony a reassuring smile. Somehow the other guy had hit his nose and blood was gushing out of it.
"This is the last chance", Tony spat out between clenched teeth, "let me go and there won't be any consequences!"
When Hammer finally left Tony wasn't able to stand anymore. His whole body hurt and he was shivering violently, every shiver sending up new waves of pain though his beaten body. He searched for his mobile phone in the snow next to him and finally found it. The screen was cracked and the battery was running low. Also there was a voice message sent to Steve on whatsapp. Shit!
"But he's fine now. We're gonna warm him up in no time. The infusion takes about an hour, then you can take him home. He still needs constant supervision. I take you're his boyfriend?"
“As I consider this a date, given the company and the amazing food, why don’t you tell me a bit about yourself, Captain Rogers”, Tony said, a lazy grin settling on his face.
Even though he had wanted to disappear just minutes prior he felt a little disappointed that he couldn't join their conversation, so he stared scribbling down a few equations that stuck with him since the last class.
"Everything hurts," Tony admitted and let out a small whimper. He was starting to feel his body again and all the bruises.
"Really, take it easy Tony, it's not your fault that you are feeling bad. And we won, so you don't need to worry about me, the medics said that it's just a bruise and it will heal in a few days." Before Tony could answer, Steve picked him up and carried him towards his bedroom.
Tony gave him a small nod and Steve got up, helping him to his feet. He pulled Tony’s arm across his shoulders when the brunette started swaying and the engineer leaned heavily on him for support. Steve frowned, this wasn’t working very well.
7:52 he started running. For one thing running kept him warm for the other he had only 8 minutes left.
"Isn't Steve your boyfriend, you little gay whore?" Hammer asked, cocking a sly grin, "oh right, I forgot he isn't gay like you are."
"Oh, I'm not nearly finished, the fun is just getting started", Hammer answered and threw the mobile in the snow.
"Bah! Warm coke!" Hammer grimaced and before Tony could even react he emptied his cup over his head. Asshole!
“Don’t you like them? I thought…that would be alright. I’m sorry, I was never really invited to…game night”
While Tony was working on his new invention- a robot- he found his mind wandering back to his new roommate. Steve Rogers, hu? He had heard the name before, he was pretty sure. But he couldn't remember where and that pissed him off more than it should.
"Wait, what are you doing here?" The other guy snapped. "I didn't sign up for living together with a human dorito."
"Could you stop this?" Tony had sprung to his feet and stared at him with gleaming eyes. Then he slowly sat back down again and nodded.
Nice, Dad! He did rarely see him and the last time they had actually exchanged more than a few words would have been kindergarten. So it was only natural his father didn't know about his sexuality.
“As much as I looked forward to taking you out for an amazing dinner date…I’m sorry, but I guess I’m not really in the condition for that today.”
The guy picked up his now cracked glasses and put them on again. He sent Steve an angry glare and continued picking up his stuff.
With closing the distance between himself and the two guys he finally could see them in the dim light sponsored by a few lit windows. One of the guys was dressed in black clothes, wearing a ragged beard and looking somewhat scared about the gun pointed directly at him. The other was wearing a suit that looked like it cost more than Steve’s and Bucky’s combined monthly salary. He had dark hair that was styled back in some kind of disheveled look and flashed Steve a hundred-dollar smile.
"The game starts at 8 pm", Steve told him, "don't be late, I'll make sure to get awesome seats for you!"
"Sure thing." Steve answered, "Come on, let's look what we can make with our groceries." Before Tony could answer Steve had grabbed his hand and pulled him towards their flat.
She turned around again and typed in a code which somehow enabled her to press a button on the top row. Steve felt his stomach turn when the elevator shot up at an unusual speed.
"Sorry!" He laughed. "I forgot about yesterday- I was kinda in a rush, so the lessons didn't really stick with me."
"So let's see", Hammer unlocked the screen and started rummaging though Tony's phone, "what was the name of your boyfriend again? Ah, there it is, Steve Rogers." He pressed a few buttons.
That was interesting, he remembered spending quite some time in bed after being hit by a bullet, but Stark was an adult man and sure had his reasons for already working again. Well, running a million-dollar company sure was a good reason.
Wrong thing to say it turned out, because Steve didn't answer and went back to talking about football.
Since Bucky and Clint both refused to play another round, they moved on to exploding kittens. Only then his shoulder decided to spoil his evening, hurting more by the second now. First, he tried to ignore it, but when he looked over at Steve he could see the other had noticed his discomfort as well.
"Hey", Steve answered in a soft voice and tilted up Tony head with calloused fingers placed under his chin "Look at me. You are still pretty pale."
After getting a soft, worn out shirt for Tony and fixing the brace again as well as taking painkillers and all the other stupid pills, they found themselves on the couch with some hot chocolate (courtesy of Steve) and a movie playing. Only minutes in, Tony found himself drifting off.
“I know. Getting shot does that to you. But, you know, I have...stuff to do. Couldn’t stand the hospital. Was that all or do you need any more answers?”
He had encounter gun-guy on his way back from a gala he had hosted. Sure he had gone off trail just to wander around the quiet city for a bit, letting the cold air help him to cool his temper. But that didn’t mean he was free for robbing.
On Saturday morning Tony woke up with an awful ache in his neck. Well, he slept on the floor, since his bed was occupied with new parts for Dum-E.
“Buck, I’ve only known him for a few weeks. And he’s still injured, I don’t want to mess with neither our friendship nor his shoulder. Also, as I might remind you, you’re still due to make a move on Clint.”
“Uhm, yeah, well…the internet sure was kind to you, though”, he answered, the blush slowly fading from his face, “Mr. kitten-rescuer and local hero.”
“Actually, I might take you up on that offer, captain”, he answered, “but only if you will go to dinner with me tomorrow.”
Only a few minutes later his phone buzzed and showed him the reply Captain Rogers, Steve, had sent. He sent back an emoji and decided to work some more in an attempt to pass the time till Rogers came over. God, he hoped the man was an early bird so they could go back to working. Thinking of it…it wasn’t like he was a stalker but information on like anything was appealing to Tony so he googled his new friend (was he allowed to call him a friend?).
And now he was at college- finally on his own- and was forced to share his tiny apartment with the guy with the cutes smile he had ever seen. He could have just bought a villa downtown, but his butler Jarvis had insisted he should try to "mix with the commoners". Maybe that hadn't been the best idea. Maybe he should just buy a villa and focus on his studies. He groaned. Life had just gotten way more complicated.
"You and I will be the best friends, Tony", Thor beamed and hit him on the shoulder. Which felt like a bulldozer running him over.
"Ugh!" Steve covered his eyes with the back of his hand. It took them a few minutes to get used to the glazing light, but then they could see the other (and the mess they had made).
“That would be amazing” Tony smiled, shaking his hand awkwardly with the left, then a look of determination crossed his face and he leaned forward, standing on his tiptoes and pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek.
"Fuck off", Tony screamed. He started feeling really helpless. The next moment Hammers fist hit him hard in the face and he let out a small whimper.
“No, I love them. Everyone will love them. It’s just…they are so expensive!”, Steve answered, “You really didn’t have to!”
“I’m sorry, didn’t know it was raining that hard!”, the blonde cursed, “You look horribly wet, I’m so so sorry! Let’s get you cleaned up, you’re the first to arrive, even Bucky is late, and he lives here...”
When Steve reached the dorm, he was greeted by Tony, who was sitting in front of their flat, eating crisps.
When he woke again he didn’t know what time it was with no windows in his workshop, the neon light staying the same all day (and night) long. Tony still felt awful, his nap had been short, and he didn’t feel any better at all if not worse. Hopefully Steve would come soon to distract him from his self-pitying. When the engineer made his way over to the coffee machine he could feel his legs shaking. Maybe he really needed to lay everything down for a few days, but the thought alone made panic rise in his throat. No, work, work was the only thing distracting him enough to help him pass this awful time. He would heal in no time and Stark men didn’t hide from pain, they embraced it.
Steve was woken by a strange noise. It had gotten late yesterday and as he started to get up he noticed he was still wearing his jacket. Next to his door were his shoes.
“Well you keep running your hand through your hair and sighing dramatically, so it’s kind of obvious you want to shower.”, Steve answered with a warm laugh, “let me help you with undressing and you can clean up.”
“Stop sulking and get some more rest”, the redhead told him, “The doctors recommended you’d at least stay in bed for the rest of the week.”
"Yes, thank you," Tony sighed. Everything was numb and warm and Steve was here with him and Steve didn't hate him...
Finally the last ones, Natasha and Peggy (who also had to lent some clothes) joined them and they finally made it outside.
“I’ll get you some dry clothes”, he told the engineer after helping Tony to both take off the brace and his soaked sweater.
As it turned out Settlers was fun, easy and Tony completely dominated the game, his business skill coming in handy. He found himself enjoying it a lot, the games were fun, and Steve’s friends were friendly and outgoing though never boring, since they were bickering nonstop. The lot of snacks was slowly vanishing and after Tony won the first round Sam demanded a revanche. This round everyone teamed up on Tony but using his skills in bribing and blackmailing he still won.
The apartment door was unlocked. Shit, Tony turned off the water really fast, Steve would probably want to shower and he hoped he could escape before he had to face his flatmate.
“Yeah, no worries. It’s just that…no one ever just says ‘Okay’ to me”, Stark mumbled. Well, that was strange, but based on the engineer’s reaction Steve had done something right.
He grabbed the new bandage and started to wrap the wound. Tony felt his fingers trembling and couldn’t stop himself from flinching every time the fabric so much as touched his shoulder. The mirror proved that his wrapping wasn’t nearly as neat as Pepper’s, but he just couldn’t do this again. With a sigh he put his tank top back on, then somehow managed to strap his shoulder and arm into the brace again without passing out. He counted this as success. His blood was pounding in his ears when he made his way back to the workshop and he had to stop several times to fight off the dark spots in his vision.
Since the weather was incredibly nice he decided that walking to Stark tower would be swell even if it would take him nearly an hour. The stroll across Brooklyn bridge was especially nice this time of the day with the sun reflecting from the windows of the giant skyscrapers. He could already make out his destination that was part of the skyline standing proud against the warm blue sky. He simply loved New York. On his stroll across Brooklyn Bridge he stopped several times to take photos just to have a few references for painting. When he reached Stark tower the entrance area was already buzzing with people and it took a few minutes till he managed to get on an elevator. Punching in the code Tony had sent him he saw two buttons light up that were formerly deactivated, one for the workshop and one for Starks penthouse. He hoped the engineer had went to sleep after he left, so he pressed the penthouse button. The elevator shot up and shortly after the doors opened revealing the living room of Starks penthouse. Which was currently unoccupied.
“Come on, you should just fuck already. I can’t stand your pining any more”, Buck whined. His head was laying on the kitchen table, his hair still a full bed head. Steve was standing at the stove, making some eggs and bacon for breakfast.
He had shouted the last part and saw his friend flinch. Yes, Rhodey was aware of how much that meant to Tony and it wasn’t like he could do anything. Tony could se his friend exhale but then the soft expression in his eyes went away, replaced by something harder. Great, Tony knew what was about to come.
“You know the police called me”, Pepper told him while putting the shoulder brace back on. She was way better at this than he was.
Steve stopped the engine and grabbed a walkie talkie. The address the man had given him was in one of the smaller and unlit streets in Manhattan. The streets were pretty empty at this time of the night and he couldn’t see a soul around. Well, he would at least take a look.
Tony showed up at quarter to eight. Steve had promised to meet him there to show him to his seat. He wouldn't have minded sitting in the crowd though.
Since both had nothing else to do, they settled in front of the TV, watching a James Bond movie while waiting for their pizza. Steve decided the mattress was quite bumpy and worried about how he should sleep on that for a night. That was until he realized he was sitting on a whole set of screwdrivers.
"Do you think you can eat something?" he asked after Tony had swallowed the pills, "I made some soup!"
He started stroking Tony's damp hair and noticed that he was a little warm. The fever the doctor had warned him about. It didn't feel too hot though.
Turned out the internet was an amazing place (not that he hadn’t known that) and after a few minutes of research he had found several articles as well as photos of Steve. Gosh, that man had been tiny as a child, even smaller than Tony himself, but had hit a nice growth spurt in high school. He learned that Steve had studied art at a community college funded by a football scholarship (He may had saved several of those football photos as soon as he saw them) and then moved on to a police academy graduating with honors. After that he found a few articles on the captain saving a cute stray dog from drowning, saving an athlete who passed out during the central park marathon and so on. All resulting in a few realizations:
And he simply nodded and watched his friend leave the room, feeling a wave of loneliness and resignation wash over him.
“I’m glad you like it”, Steve laughed, feeling his own face heat up under the sounds of satisfaction Tony was making while eating. After devouring the first bites the billionaire slowed down and looked at him with a smile.
"Don't you have work to do?" Steve asked, "Not that I don't enjoy spending time with you but you normally just lock yourself in your room for days."
As it turned out Steve was amazing at this and the soft touch of his fingers faintly guiding Tony’s head to turn in the right direction for shaving the sharp lines of his defined goatee, left his skin tingling with want.
"Steve has told me a lot about you, too.", he shrugged, "I'm happy he has found himself such a sweet girlfriend."
But before they could continue the curtain to Tony's bed was pulled back and a doctor and a nurse showed up.
"Well, I would prefer going outside." Steve grinned and pointed at the window, "there should be enough snow for an awesome snowball fight."
“But my best Pepper, I’ll buy you anything. Please, I just need to borrow your pretty hands for a few minutes.”
The game started again and Tony found his eyes glued to the glorious ass of the captain. He even forgot about Hammer behind him.
“I know how those burns sting. Let’s put your hand under water to cool it!”, Tony told him with a frown. He grabbed Steve’s hand and pulled him over to a small bathroom. Holding his hand under the cool water sure eased the burn and Steve took a glance at the brunette. Tony himself didn’t look to good, his face was pale with bright red cheeks and those dark circles Steve had noticed earlier. He was standing next to Steve with his eyes closed, swaying a bit.
The next morning it was like nothing had changed. Steve was a tiny bit disappointed. But he at least convinced Tony to sit down with him for a coffee before he returned to his projects.
After he had finished unpacking he sat down on his bed. Maybe he should go out... Spending the whole day locked up in his room wasn't going to get him any friends. He got up, grabbed his leatherjacket and headed for the room next door. The music had stopped some time ago so maybe Tony would also like to go out for a bit.
Friday at noon the first text arrived and at some point he had to turn his phone on silent not to be disturbed by the constant buzzing.
„I get silent and nice - but it sure is a bit boring“, Bucky complained, giving the fidget spinner another push and the propeller started rotating again.
“Dr. Banner, I’m glad you could make it”, he approached the other man, “I’m Steve Rogers, I called you.”
“And you have employees, who can certainly help you with that. You’re not as important as you think, trust me”, the doctor answered.
“Oh, I bet you’ll get the hang out of it pretty fast. Let me explain the rules…”, Steve leaned over and started explain how to harvest, build and deal.
Thank you so much for your kind comments and kudos! They make my day <3 Next chapter is up, I hope you enjoy reading as much as I enjoyed writing :)
He started dressing up. After all it was really cold outside and he really liked the jacket he had got from Steve. Mainly because it smelled like him. He could have easily gotten himself a better fitting and warmer jacket, but he liked this one.
"Too late," he laughed and kissed Tony again. When he pulled back, Tony grabbed his collar and kissed him again. Then he yawned and closed his eyes.
By following Starks instructions, the small device slowly started taking shape and when Steve looked at the clock he noticed that the last hours had flown by without him noticing. The conversation had mostly been professional like “what should I do with that part” or “now solder the cable to this point” and in the silence of the workshop Steve found the billionaire a lot less intimidating than the last time they met. In fact, Stark looked pretty exhausted by now even if he would probably never let Steve know.
"Oh..good...", Steve sighed. He couldn't deny that this was a relief, he was on a scholarship for a reason. Without it his mom could have never afforded to pay the tuition fees.
“Just get a bit of sleep, okay? I’ll wake you when dinner is ready”, Steve interrupted Tony’s rambling.
He was still planning his revenge on Hammer, but he wasn't that angry anymore. After all he had got him his gorgeous boyfriend. He would still see that Hammer would get kicked out of college.
While Steve was currently on the dance floor, dancing with one cute girl after another, Tony turned down every offer. Just seeing Steve was enough and he didn't really like dancing either. He would just drown his jealousy in alcohol and go home afterwards.
Tony tried to keep the bandages dry, but under the prospect of changing them anyway in the next minutes, he didn’t do a very good job.
Steve managed to pull him into a sitting position, avoiding the hurt shoulder at all costs. Tony’s form slumped against his torso and Steve had to wrap an arm around him to keep the smaller one from sliding to the floor again.
"Come on, Tony it's my first game"; Steve pleaded him, "all the others have promised to come. It will be fun!"
“Stop whining, it’s just for a week”, his assistant answered, “and since you’re in no condition to travel it is my job to cover for you. So hang in there, behave and you can always call your doctor, you know? Also if you need anything today just call me, I’m not leaving till this afternoon.”
"The taxi will soon arrive and then we'll go home, okay?" Steve answered with a soft voice while Clint was still pissing himself laughing.
"I hate bullies", Steve clenched his fists, "next time tell me about it before something bad happens!"
Together they made their way down to the car/ambulance parked in the tower’s garage right next to what Steve guessed were a dozen expensive sports cars. Tony was able to walk again but he still leaned onto Steve for support. Knowing that the other was sporting a fever Steve now clearly noticed the heat radiating from Tony’s form. With Steve’s help Dr. Banner set up the portable x-ray to take new images of the engineer’s shoulder.
Only minutes later he found himself face to face with the man from a few nights ago. The first thing he noticed was that Stark was incredibly handsome with his perfectly styled hair and goatee…but smaller than he had expected. He might be a half a foot smaller than Steve himself. Stark was wearing a very expensive looking suit (this one not ruined) and a sun glasses. His right arm was in a sling, fixing it to his body. Steve felt himself stare and quickly turned his gaze away.
"Is he on pain medication?" Bruce asked, eying Tony from the side. A goofy grin was spread all over his face while he kept on petting Steve's muscles.
"Tony, open up!" Steve called. Tony sighed. There was no way around this, so he should probably face his fate. At least he was already dressed again. He opened the bathroom door.
“Thank you so much for your help and time”, Steve told the doctor when they made their way over to the elevator. Banner clapped him on the shoulder.
It had been a silent and thankfully pretty uneventful night in New York when the distress call had reached them. While Steve was driving the car, Bucky played with a fidget spinner propped on one finger of his artificial arm. Working night shift was Steves favorite. The slow driving in one of the police cars calmed him and he enjoyed the twinkling lights of the never sleeping city. When he finished his shift he would drive back to his apartment, go for a morning run then shower and would spend half of the day sleeping till work started again.
A few minutes later Steve opened the door, carrying a tray with pizza. He still hadn't given up on slicing it neatly and arranging it on a plate. Tony usually just ate it as a whole.
"Go ahead and buy one, I don't drink coffee", Steve laughed. He guessed Tony wasn't really a morning person the way he was draped over the small kitchen table, staring at the cup of coffee with a reproachful expression.
“Alright, I appreciate your help, Captain…uhm...Steve. I’ll text you”, the brunette told him and Steve couldn’t help but grin at the sight of Tony Stark blushing.
Prying his eyes open Steve noticed that something wasn't quite alright. He wasn't at home in his comfortable bed. Instead he was in a hotel room. And suddenly the memories came crashing back. It was his first day at college, he had missed the last bus to campus yesterday (it was raining, so walking was not an option) and had to spend the night in town in a tiny hotel. And he was going to be late!
"Oh, it's you", one of them answered. It was that Clint guy he met earlier. "Well, no, it happens sometimes. If it's bad there won't be light for hours!"
"It's nothing", Tony sighed, "just some stupid phobia. Really, I'm fine" He felt a small blush creeping over his face.
“Uhm, well, I was a bit soaked..”, Tony answered with a shy smile, his eyes fixed on the shiny arm. God, he’d love to take a closer look at that!
Steve looked at Tony and grinned. This was the first time in weeks he had seen Tony smile. Smile genuinely, not the forced smile he sometimes gave him.
When Tony woke up the next morning it was due to an unpleasant ache in his shoulder. It wasn’t like he wasn’t used to it by now, but as it seemed the painkillers were wearing off. To be honest, he had slept longer and better by far compared to the last week and, in fact, even compared to the weeks before the accident. Maybe he actually had needed some rest.
Steve doesn't stop, but his breath hitches indefinitely. He seems to look down contemplatively. "That's the problem."
Steve gets up. "He's playing with you, Tony. You need to get him out of your head. He's- I don't know what he's trying to do with you. What he's planning. But you can't let it get to you."
I saw you on the news the other day, Tones. In the suit, flying around with that kid of yours. Peter? Spiderman?
“Funny story, actually. So on this bright day a giant spaceship came down to Earth and Thanos’ minions jumped out and began fighting with us. Dr. Strange came and he and Tony were fighting the evil guys.”
"Because I still love you," Tony says, and his voice is hollow, meaningless, like a quiet echo resounding off the walls of a vast room. He stands as if under a trance, making his way towards the door. Leaving Pepper there with all her lies. All her lies and zeroes and god, he just wants a drink, and when did his face get wet-
"Don't say ominous things like that," she frowns, strawberry blonde hair drawn back in a perfect ponytail.
I shouldn’t have just laid out all of my feelings like that. It’s a burden. I’ve thought about it, and I don’t think I should keep leaving messages.
Tony shrugs, looking faintly disappointed, and turns back to whatever he was working on, before abruptly turning back around. "Oh, Steve, and can you-"
"You know there is a solution." Nebula snaps back sharply. "The wizard spared your life for a reason. We must return."
A sigh. "I can't leave you here," Steve says, like he needs to uphold his morals or face death at the moment, and then he's carrying the other man in strong arms. It's awkward. Tony knows he reeks of alcohol, but hears no comment on it, and instead catches sight of the zeroes along Steve's arm. "Who's the special lady?"
It sounds desperate, and- and creepy, I know, but it’s true. God, I miss everything about you. I miss you talking about science, the way your hands would start to fly around ‘cause you’d get so passionate about it. I miss Dum-E. I miss watching movies and going out, little things like that, and I even miss our fighting.
None of them say what they really think. That maybe no one there is left. That everyone has left. God, but Steve hopes Tony is still there.
"Thanos knows me, you know. He's like an old friend of mine. He told me... he told me something. Something like respect or admiration or something in his twisted little mind for me. He said for me, he would spare half of the human population."
Steve looks surprised, hair mussed from sleep, and takes in every detail of the intoxicated billionaire. Examining. Analyzing. Judging. And then an expression of regret passes over his face. "I... I don't hate you."
"Call it, Cap," he shouts over the chaos, and then they're fighting. It's a satisfying break from all this dealing-with-emotions shit, and Tony soars through the air, feeling the content push of repulsor blasts exploding from his hands with every command. The suit is glorious, powerful,
But when he looks up again there's an expression written onto Tony's face that makes him rethink. Without filtering his thoughts, he blurts out, "Do you have them too?"
, Steve slides his arms around Tony and lifts the upper half of his body up towards him, teardrops falling freely down each cheek. He cradles the man he loved-
"I'm sorry," he always wants to choke out, but he can't, his mouth always shuts on him, and the boy disappears.
He gets home to find the numbers he's been waiting for lined up, stacked along as if an organized taunt. Iron Man breaks down in the bathroom, clutching his arm to his chest and curling in on himself because
And someone running to him. Someone with a new beard and chocolate hair but with the same glinting eyes, who shouts, "Tony!" just as Tony begins to fall. His side hurts. And he's caught by strong arms, a face that presses his leaving wet stains, and then nothing but darkness.
“I’m Bucky, this punk’s roommate”, the shiny-metal-arm guy interrupted the discussion, saving Tony, “Man, that’s some shitty weather outside. ‘that why you’re wearing Stevie’s clothes? Steve, I thought you said no one ever gets to wear your favorite sweater!”
“Do you at least feel better?”, he asked with a sigh, as he started to dry Tony’s back. Tony hummed in agreement, closing his eyes as he lost himself in the pleasant feeling of Steve’s hands on his back. An unpleasant twinge made him flinch and brought him back to reality since Steve had started unwrapping his shoulder.
“Ah, I’ll just walk the rest. No worries.”, he told Happy, grabbing his bag of ‘snacks’ and making a sprint for Steve’s apartment building. As it turned out even a small run for the apartment left him drenched. The fact that there was nowhere to hide from the rain after ringing the door bell made it worse. When Steve finally opened the door, Tony was soaked. Staring at the nice cashmere pullover that was now clinging to the billionaire in a very wet and unsexy way, Steve ushered him inside.
“I’m good” he told the brunette and gave him a smile, “We could also take a break if you want to.” This proved to be the wrong answer as Stark’s face darkened in an instant.
He hated himself so much right now, it had never been his intention to distract Steve from the game. Only thinking of the blood made his legs feel wobbly again. That was the bad thing about his phobia. Even if he tried to stay calm and focus on not fainting his body betrayed him.
Tony blushed in a dark red and angrily pushed up his glasses. What looked kind of pathetic, because they just wobbled a little thanks to the duct tape holding everything together.
"So, this is where I usually work. I'll sit here. You can just choose where you want to sit down. Except me there is no one working around Christmas."
Since Steve had left after finishing his breakfast Tony decided that maybe it was his turn to go grocery shopping.
Though we have finished the story we won't upload it as a whole. So begging for another chapter as soon as possible will only cause us to delay the update. After all- we wrote this fanfic for our own pleasure and not to have people pressure us in any way.
And then there was a police officer approaching and Tony had never thought he would, but right now he could cry. But he still had a reputation to keep so he just clenched his teeth.
