"Hi, FRIDAY," Tony says. "Sorry about that. I scrambled my noggin a little."
They’re in the middle of a fight, for Christ's sake. He doesn't want Steve to get hurt over nothing. But then Nebula appears, just as concerned.
Years of unease, and now, suddenly, something just feels right. He knows, deep in his gut, that this is his actual name. She's telling the truth.
That makes sense, a protector through and through.
"And by not everyone, you mean?" The question is quasi rhetorical. He has a pretty good idea.
"Yes," Steve admits. "He'll say no, but if he sees the food…"
It's out of concern, no doubt about it, and Steve appreciates the sentiment.
"Why the hell did you hide that from me?" He’s barely able to keep from yelling. It’s so unfair. "What gave you the right!"
Steve hasn't said a word, and Tony has a hand between his shoulder blades where he can sense him coiled to attack.
Steve nods vigorously. "Definitely, it's a good plan."
"What the hell happened to me?"
"Actually—" He must have waited for too long, because Tony cuts over him and speaks at the same time.
"Same," Tony says. "So it wouldn't be too fast if I moved back here, like, tomorrow? Right?"
"What else do you think I'd like?" Steve asks. He's curious.
"Allow me to doubt that. I'm getting you checked out."  Tony’s voice is firm and a little annoyed.  This isn’t funny!
"Are you okay?" Steve gently pushes damp hair off Tony's forehead.
The praise makes Tony fidget, looking down as he preps the kitten formula. He uses a lot more than they did when Steve last was here – another thing that changed. And is Tony blushing? It's the first time Steve notices a slight tint to his cheeks. It's the cutest Tony has ever looked, and Steve marvels at it. Who would have thought that the way to make Tony Stark blush was to compliment him on his kitten parenting skills?
"I'm not sure I want to know how."
Steve cups his hands with the towel and Tony gently places the kittens on it. They barely weigh anything. After carefully folding the fabric in a nest around and over the kittens, Tony takes the bundle back. He's fully in protective mode, talking softly.
"Another victory for us!" Morgan declares.
"You're welcome to try," Carol says, snorting.
Just before he leaves the compound, his backpack filled with gifts for the kittens and a few changes of clothes, Steve runs into Sam and Rhodes in the rec room.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa." Tony makes the timeout motion with his hands. "You’re telling me there’s more than one Loki running around?"
"Yes!"
"It takes, like, ten seconds to reach the lake," Rhodes says.
"Yeah, right."
"It's what you were told," Talos says with a shrug. "I saw that little speech about accountability, earlier, for your company. I liked it."
"We're going as fast as we can, princess!" Rhodes cries out. "Braces, remember? And your old man is, you know, showing his age!"
When Anthony focuses, the blond man in a cape reappears on the screen, making Carol nod. But that's not who Anthony was talking about.
"We talked, like proper adults," Tony confirms. "It's fine, Rhodey."
"What do you want?" Steve asks, as when they started. He thoroughly enjoyed Tony's guidance until now, and it seems a safe bet to continue on that path.
"Are you sure about this?" Tony asks.
Today was a spectacular win, no doubt about it, and it thrills Tony. He has theorized with Carol, and they believe that the Mad Titan Thanos was behind the army beyond the wormhole during the Battle of New York.
"When there's a will, there's a way."
He'd do anything for Tony, and by now, he’s very attached to the babies too. Steve is as invested in their well-being as Tony is.
Tony wonders what he did that’s so bad that Captain America didn’t want to talk to him for so long. Does he really want to know right now?
"Oh!" Steve perks up. "Yeah, of course, I'll show you. Do you think you can stand up for one minute?"
"What the hell?" he murmurs.
The black kitten is crawling towards the back of the lab and DUM-E slowly follows, leash in his pincer. Steve's stomach lurches; what if DUM-E rolls over her by accident? He'd never mean to hurt the baby, but he
Tony sighs, leaning back in his chair and stretching his arms over his head, then forward. He often makes Steve think of a big cat. He can be so graceful.
The End
"Tony. And yeah, pretty far from home. Earth.”
"Any questions?" Tony adds with his smarmiest grin.
Snowball still has her harness and leash, and Wanda doesn't quite know what to do with her end. It doesn't prevent the impromptu bath at all, it seems. Steve has never seen a cat in water like that, and frankly Snowball looks like she is having a good time.
Not to toot his own horn, but Tony knows that he's a key factor to win this battle. As is Carol, who pipes up.
Steve looks devastated, face ashen and blue eyes shiny with tears. "Tony, no, I wasn’t hiding it from you. I didn't want to upset—"
Tony is parched. He nods once more and Steve smiles, happy that they can communicate. Of course, Steve is talking about water, which is fine, but what Tony would need right now to regain energy is blood. He's dreamed about feeding on Steve for months, but not as a helpless bat. When he finally sinks his teeth in the man, he'll make sure it's as enjoyable as possible for all parties involved. And it will be with enthusiastic consent or not at all; Steve deserves a clear-headed choice.
Tony rolls his eyes because how can Other-Steve not notice that his double is practically falling apart?
“Manifestation of the inner you, huh?” Tony teases. “Look at her, so cute and tiny.”
Tony winks. "More hot than cold, but yeah."
Tony smiles back at him and for long seconds they just stand there like idiots, watching each other. It's a charged moment, and Steve entertains for the first time that his crush might not be as one-sided as he's always thought. Then Steve's phone vibrates in his pocket and breaks the tension.
Steve's jaw almost unhinges in shock. How can Jim spill the beans like that? He thought they were friends now. Sure, Rhodes' friendship with Tony will forever come first, but he doesn’t need to throw Steve under the bus either.
Steve waves, judging the guy. He knows he’s so much less interesting than Tony; age alone doesn't excuse the preference. Tony catches on that Steve is a bigger hit and exploits the advantage.
"So that wasn't planned," Tony remarks as he watches how Thor takes his passenger to a quiet corner, up on the cliff.
"I have recorded their first steps, Captain Rogers," FRIDAY says with pride. "I can share the footage."
"Yeah, seeing an alternate version of them was bound to happen," Tony says.
"Inevitable."
"So we do know each other, and not just because I’m rich and famous."
"Isn't that weird? But yeah, she looks good, she’s just a hungry girl," Tony says with a smile.
Steve blinks up at him, surprised. "Good, as much as he can be. He had the Hydra trigger words removed, so he's officially free of them, but he also remembers the full seventy years where he was the Winter Soldier. He's a mess, and sorry about everything too."
It was just a brief flashback or two, and even if it was unsettling, it was clearly due to getting hit in the head
"Of course." Steve seems contrite and looks at the floor. Tony feels very protective of him and squeezes his hand. His heart is also full to bursting with love for Rhodey. Tony would do anything for him, too.
"If that's what it's called, yeah. Come on, let me out."
"Thanks guys." Tony is honestly touched.
"No, no, I don't remember that at all!" Tony shouts, voice high and panicky.
"And we won."
The honest truth is that Tony has a huge crush on Steve too. It bloomed the moment he saw Steve's smile when he came to after falling from the wormhole in New York. The man is absolutely gorgeous; anyone with eyes can attest to that. But he's also admirable in so many ways. Tony is convinced that everyone who gets to know Steve falls in love with him, at least a little.
Anthony has made his opinion on said plan clear and how it is, without a doubt, doomed to fail. Vers just annihilated two Kree ships as easy as breathing, which Anthony had to respect. She goes binary at a strength that he admits he can't quite match, so the only way to fight her is by using the element of surprise. The stupid trap Yon-Rogg is trying to set won't work. They have to act now, when she recently spent a ton of energy, and before she charges up again.
Of course Tony needs good prep or that big cock won't fit without hurting, which no one wants. But there's being careful, and then there's being slower than a glacier.
"See? You should have let me hit you on the head the moment you stepped foot into the Blaze." Carol grabs Tony by his armored shoulder and shakes him a little. "Good for you."
"Four," Tony says, with a one-shoulder shrug.
"I don't know, that magenta nurse was lovely," Tony says, reminiscing. In his active playboy days, he would have tried to seduce her for the thrill and novelty alone. Maybe slightly crass, but it didn't hurt anyone if the attraction was mutual. But a possibility suddenly occurs to him and halts his musings, and he feels like a complete tool. "Um. Did I leave a girl back on Earth?" He thinks of Pepper, but the last time she called them off, it felt irreconcilable.
"It is, baby." Tony leans in for a brief peck.
Inexplicably, it's not what Tony wants right now. He grabs Steve's wrist, and Steve freezes.
"Same."
"You're one to talk." Tony throws a pointed look at the underwear-free clothes on the floor.
They join in, and at "go!" Peter and him start pushing their tube and partner while running down the slope. Steve keeps an eye on Peter and they jump in approximately at the same time, mid way down. He lands half on Tony's back, trying not to squish him too much, and it's a total delight to feel him whoop in joy as they careen down the hill. Tony and he win this round, which generates more cheers.
"I don't know," Tony says slowly, because neither of them said that exactly. Do you break up when you're fuckbuddies, anyway? Or does the arrangement just stop? "He waited four months to tell me his buddy Bucky had assassinated my parents while under Hydra's influence."
"Not weird. You deserve the best, Steve." Better than a jaded old man, he thinks, that’s for sure.
Somehow he manages an extra fraction of an inch, prodding the remote with the tip of his fingers in a way that makes it start to fall to the ground. Steve desperately lunges for it, but also loses his footing. What follows takes seconds: with no force pulling Tony back, he's sucked right into the portal. Unfortunately, since Steve didn't let go, he follows. They end up on their asses in the middle of a dusty road, the portal blinking out of existence as soon as they are through.
"I was thinking of letting them come to us," Carol says with a one-shoulder shrug.
"Please tell me they let me fiddle with it," he says with some desperation. He really hopes Steve says yes, because being unable to learn about all of this tech would be torture.
Tony can read through how his blacksmith self now has an arm thrown across the sheriff's wide shoulders, but the only stumbling he does is towards his companion. And, truth be told, Cowboy-Steve is not discouraging his behavior at all. Maybe they have something going on already. The act could be just to have plausible deniability for the sheriff to take a drunkard home.
He appreciates that no one calls him out on his bluff.
Oh, he's all in favor of that.
"What you said before meeting the Sovereign about it being a dick-measuring contest? That's exactly what we're going to do here," Carol says.
"Yeah, we'll get to that." WIM-Tony looks at Other-Steve critically, who shakes his head and rubs at his face. "Do you think you can walk?"
"Can I suck you now? Please?" Steve asks.
And he won't fail. Not when he finally has a chance to face Vers and make her pay, not to mention please the Supreme Intelligence at the same time.
"Cora!" Lilly exclaims.
"It's fine," Tony reassures Steve, squeezing his hand on the mattress. "Huge, but I like a challenge."
Steve huffs a laugh. "I know. Thanks FRIDAY. I'll be at the Tower soon."
Oh god. Steve is pretty sure he's now blushing bright red. Tony's smile widens.
Bucky doesn't even turn to look at her. He's still staring forward, holding each side of the table he's sitting on while Mechanic-Tony continues to work. "Sharon's a time-management wizard."
"Yeah," Steve says, looking petulant. It's extremely cute.
"If they like us? We're covering our collective asses like you wouldn't believe," Carol said. "The Iantusians won't give their technology or weapons if they deem us less developed than they are. But they'll look out for us."
"Please do," Steve says, heart melting anew when he sees Calliope peek out of the house. The sisters are a lot fluffier than they used to be, and she looks like a small cloud. "Hey, princess," Steve says, "Come out so I can see you too."
Steve perks up. "Yeah?" He loves knowing Tony is into this, and that Steve's doing well.
"It's just that she doesn't know what it is. Maybe dip her paws in a little," Sam says.
"I agree," Steve replies.
"You started the sleeping thing," she grumbled, yawned again, and tried to hide her face between Tony's shoulder and the pillow.
"It's okay, Azzurra," Tony murmurs, watching the game progress.
Steve has barely left, letting the door close behind him, before Tony scrolls to the phone's most recent photos. Apart from Morgan, there are several shots of a teenager. The kid has his daughter on his back in one picture, both of them grinning at the camera. It makes Tony smile in return and gently touch the screen. He looks sweet, not minding at all that Morgan is clinging to him like a monkey. It surprises Tony to also see the same kid in a tight red-and-blue suit with a bit of gold and a spider on his chest. Is that just a costume? No, Steve talked about a Spider-Man in the battle with Thanos. It has to be him. More like Spider-Kid, though. What is he, twelve?
"Shhhh, shhhh, it's going to be okay."
"Stark," Reed says, inclining his head in greeting. "Captain Rogers."
"Did you find a trace of Loki and the others?" he asks, chuckling when Tony jumps in surprise.
to know Tony isn't Asgardian. It's best to go home and warn the others.
"He's awake," someone close says.
And definitely not that his dreaded, but still awaited, reunion with Steve would happen on the tarmac of Leipzig's airport.
"Cap. He doesn't trust anyone anymore, especially not agencies and the like, and says that our hands would be the safest. Sam's with him, also Clint, Wanda, and Pietro. That I know of. And then there was the mess with Barnes in Vienna—"
"We could explain. Say it's a misunderstanding due to poor daemon handling on our part," Tony says, getting out of the armor.
"Okay, then come with me, and I'll ask you if I have questions."
So, so many things could have gone wrong!
Steve looks delighted at the affirmation and his smile returns and keeps on growing. "Yeah?"
The vet is about to start feeding the white kitten again when Steve offers his help.
Clearly he grabbed Electro instead and pulled him with them.
"What is it?" Carol asks.
That isn't foreboding at all. She makes it sound as if there's something big he hasn't been told yet, which must mean bad news. And if it's bad compared to the Decimation, which they've discussed...
"Oh fuck!"
This time when Steve kisses him, Tony melts into the embrace. Steve undoes the first buttons on Tony's shirt with shaking hands. Finally he has permission to touch, not just steal glances, and he can't wait.
"No," he declares passionately. "You dared take him once and I promise that you'll never do that again. Tony Stark isn't a pawn for your empire. He's an Avenger. He's mine. And you can't have him!"
"They do." Steve is still petulant, and shouts an annoyed, "I'm coming!"
Tony doesn't like a reality with no Steve. This doesn't sit well with him at all.
"Of course. Yes. Please," he babbles.
Steve wipes his face. "I wish I’d just told you."
"As I already told you, 99.5% certain, Colonel," JARVIS says for the benefit of everyone. Only then does Rhodey lift his face plate, and his eyes are wide, clearly astonished.
"I don't know what you're referring to," Tonys says. There's the sound of the blender turning on, crushing ice. He must be making frozen smoothies. The noise almost masks Rhodes' next remark.
. Responsible or not, if Barnes was here right now, Tony isn’t sure that he could stop himself from going after him. There’s something dark and violent churning in Tony's gut that mixed with the pain, makes him want to hurt someone back.
"I'd say you have everything under control." Steve's not sure the excuse to come over to help will hold much longer.
"You think?" Steve's amused as he sits to take off his boots. "This bed is bigger than my entire bedroom was when I was growing up."
"Text me," Steve says firmly.
Definitely a vigil then. Tony must have a severe concussion because he's missing the memory of whatever battle brought him here. It must have been a doozie because Cap looks tired, with lines at the corners of his eyes that Tony has never noticed before. It's as if he aged several years.
"Those friends of ours that you don't want to either describe or tell me how we knew each other—"
"Yeah?" Tony asks, searching Steve's face. The question conveys so much at once:
"The Supreme Intelligence has a plan for order, for all people, all planets, you know that. You can help, Anthony. Go get the light-speed drive and join us. Make a difference in the Universe, not just on this inconsequential planet."
Tony pouts and shakes his head. "No."
"FRIDAY, is it possible to pan out?" Steve asks.
"Ah, shut up. I know you love it," Tony says as he tumbles a man his way.
Fear wins and his flight instinct engages, full tilt.
"So, this is Nebula's ship," Tony says.
The kitten keeps mewling, though the pitch changes, as if it understands that there is less danger now. Steve picks the second one up with the utmost care, worried he might hurt it. It's so small, barely as big as two of his fingers. It can't be more than a few days old. Its eyes aren’t opened yet, and there's a piece of dried umbilical cord still attached to its belly. Poor thing.
"It's on Earth. It looks like this one, in fact. But I don't use it all that much."
Tony sighs and hopes that they'll navigate the follow-up without problems.
"What now?" Tony grumbles.
"Oh, I love that part!"
"Kinky sex, yeah," Tony says. "Which is why I was so surprised? Especially since I thought you said you'd done it before."
"Don’t tell me we all have the same battle scars," Tony says, pointing to the burns.
As entertaining as it sounds, Steve didn't want to kick Rhodes out of the game. "I don't want--"
The plan is to, at one point, get into a fight. Carol assures them that it's just a matter of time as they happen like clockwork every night, but Tony doesn't want to play the waiting game. He's curious about this place and everyone in it who is so different from the snotty Sovereign and sympathetic Iantusians. The casino is filled with a surprising variety of shady-looking characters and clean-cut business types. They come in all shapes and colors too. There's a gambling table about fifteen feet to their right, and Tony can't resist its lure.
"It was our pleasure," Tony says with enough relish to make her laugh.
Steve is out of breath when he reaches Stark Tower, having run over as fast as he could from the Robo Dojo. Not seeing Tony in the lobby, he hurries into the elevator.
"Ah, no, come on," Steve says, taking pity on DUM-E, who looks inconsolable. "I agree that he can't touch them before they're bigger, but he could watch them at least?"
His appreciation is flattering. A man with refined taste, for sure.
"Yeah, that's it, closer baby," Tony says, his other hand guiding Steve's hip to urge him towards his mouth.
"Very impressive."
"Me, Nat, and Sam, a friend I met in D.C. who's in the Avengers now, we brought Hydra down," Steve continues. "We kind of destroyed SHIELD in the process."
The word 'avenge' makes the hair on the back of Anthony's neck rise. He guesses he's been waiting two years to do just that.
"I know me, I know my tells," Steve says. "And even though he was the most obvious, because of the circumstances, that last Steve Rogers wasn't the only one in love with you. They all were. I'm certain that every version of me eventually falls for you."
"No. I still have nightmares about Afghanistan, but this was nothing. Well, the blast on Asgard was bad, but that's it. Pretty sure the whole shit show was worse for you guys."
It's Steve's turn to look astonished. "What? No!"
"We were talking about romantic relationships," Steve stammers, eyes round. "As far as I know—"
"Not on my watch."
"Okay, good. I hope that helped."
"Hi Peter, Morgan," Steve says when they've almost reached the top.
Happy with her winnings, Anjo is gathering her things, ready to leave. She nods at Nebula and Tony in greeting, then tows her bubbly girlfriend away.
"I've got this," Wanda replies. "Go protect Steve from himself now."
"Don't drop us," Nebula says, climbing onto his right boot and hugging the armor's torso as Tony locks his arm around her.
"No worries, I thought that too, before I turned the first time. It's a common misconception," Tony reassures. "Not in your books, huh?"
He let her put him in bed without complaint because of the glint in her eye that Tony recognized from Rhodey in his most intense Papa Bear moods. Tony doesn't know if he and Nebula are close, but his injury worried her—that he got hurt to protect her must factor in too. She needed to make sure he was okay, which is sweet. It had been only slightly awkward.
Well shit indeed. Anthony doesn't know what is going on. If what he just saw is a genuine memory, then Yon-Rogg lied to him for years. Anthony goes through what he remembers being told, the speech about how Yon-Rogg saved his life, gave his own blood-
"Lucky me," Tony says. "I'll talk with Talos. I may or may not have figured it out already."
"No. No, I can't." He raises a hand to pet Lilly gently. Steve looks totally smitten, which is a good look on him.
"Well, thank you," Tony says, looking very pleased with himself.
Steve's eyes don't leave his.
"Don't hold your breath, metaphorically speaking," Tony says, going with the flow.
Maybe Steve's a bit of a thrill-seeker, after all, but that's fine. Tony loves people who know what they want, especially if it's something he can give them.
"Gun on the ground," an officer demands in accented English.
"What?" Steve asks, curious.
"Unfortunately."
"Worth a try." Att-Lass shrugs and drops the smile. He looks over Tony's shoulder, towards the light-speed engine's core. "Got right back to work, did you?"
"No need," Steve protests, as bullheaded as ever. Tony isn't surprised, but it's exasperating. The Krees inside will be out in a few seconds; they were close behind them. And more are to arrive too.
Steve's face lights up. "Yeah?"
It's tempting to take Tony's cock as far down his throat as he can, but there's something he wants even more. Keeping his gaze locked with Tony, he pulls off just enough to only keep the head in his mouth. Steve focuses on tonguing the frenulum, but grabs the base of Tony's dick and starts jerking him too. With his other hand, Steve gently tugs on Tony's balls, making him stutter forward, breaking his controlled pace.
Steve had considered Salt and Pepper, but he won't suggest it for obvious reasons. "I don't know. Famous sisters?"
It's unlikely, as there are very few of his kind in North America, and Tony knows them all. He even sired a few at their demand. Pepper and Rhodey can visit anytime, but the others know better but to encroach on his turf. As far as Tony learned, Steve lived around New York City all of his life. He has traveled little, except for two tours in Afghanistan before he left the Army. It's believable that Tony's his first vampire. They haven't discussed their ties to the supernatural to each other, not in plain words, but Tony detected the magic surrounding Steve the moment he saw him.
It's not that Tony wants to get sucked through the portal that opened in Reed's lab when, admittedly, Tony activated a machine he shouldn't have touched. At first the window had seemed to be a regular hologram, with a man that looked like Tony stumbling in the street of a cliché Wild West setting. It's only when Tony had touched it and realized he couldn't pull back that he knew it was definitely more than an image.
Working on the Large Hadron Collider? Is a wet dream come true for Tony's Ph.D. research, for certain.
"Here," he tells Steve. "Hang onto it for me."
It gets predictably darker when Tony slips under the cover of the forest, but it's still possible to follow the trail without tripping. Maybe he should have brought a lamp, even though it would have made him very easy to spot if he's not alone in the woods. There are almost no sounds this late, but infrequent peals of laughter from deeper in the forest draw Tony in like a moth to a flame. It's a particularly good idiom, since that's what Tony finds. A hundred feet away from him, men are playing dice next to a few tents and a campfire. With his scope, Tony carefully checks out the soldiers. He is thrilled to see Dugan, Morita, Falsworth, Barnes, and Jones. But… there's no one else, and none of the men are captains. It's an enormous disappointment, and it makes Tony reconsider his whole quest. Was he wrong about everything? Is Captain America just a tale after all?
It's Tony who bridges the gap and surges up to kiss him.
Steve's phone is a surprisingly large Stark Industries smartphone. It's a beauty. After poking at the thing for a minute, Steve selects whatever he wants to show and passes it over, still looking gleeful.
Instead of replying, Tony hummed and nodded before caressing Lilly. Her softness was a constant delight. Tony couldn't help but grin when it woke the stoat, who stretched all of her legs simultaneously before yawning. She might have been small, but Lilly sure had teeth that looked wicked sharp and pointy.
He then takes a deliberate step closer and grabs Tony's hands. The gesture isn't possessive or territorial, or at the very least, it doesn't feel like that (Pepper has a boyfriend now, Tony learned, and he's thrilled for her). But it's a statement.
"Is he flirting with me?" Tony exclaims. It sure looks that way. "Okay, no, that's crazy."
"Burgers," Steve says, and Tony jumps in surprise, turning to Steve with wide eyes.
"You should go sleep, I can take the next two shifts alone," Tony says.
Also, not only has half of the Stark legal team arrived to offer representation and build up their arguments about how arrests and incarcerations aren't justified in the name of urgency, but Pepper is there too. Tony has barely walked into the room before she beams and hurries over. He steps out of the armor for a hug and they hold each other tightly. They might not have succeeded very long as romantic partners, but she's one of the most important people in his life and he'll always love her.
"Perfect," Doctor Martin says. "This is a 3 cc syringe, and a meal for a small one like this is 2 or 3 millimeters. If she turns her head away, she's had enough."
"Yes, boss?"
"Hey there, Snowball," Steve says, leaning down to kiss her little head. He'd give anything to do the same to Tony's wrist only a few inches away. "Pleased to meet you."
Tony huffs in amusement. "Yeah, I'm fine, just unexpected." He lifts his empty travel mug. "Could have been disastrous, though."  He grins, expecting Steve to return his smile.  No harm, no foul.
"Agreed," Nebula says. "We should leave. Word of this skirmish will spread far and wide quickly."
"I'll go help those two," Steve says, inclining his head towards the bottom of the slope where Tony and Rhodes have started the ascent, pushing their tube.
"What the hell?"
"I am not sure if the world is ready to know Captain America kisses like this."
"All set, Boss. What are your choices?" FRIDAY asks.
Tony's a little dazed from the post battle exhaustion—going binary is hell on his blood sugar—and the kiss, so he doesn't get it. "What?"
"I try?"
"FRIDAY is calling the vet, they'll be expecting us."
It makes Tony shrug. "Four hundred and fifty years of habit."
Abandoning the pictures for now, Tony finds the messaging app and opens the thread with Pepper with apprehension. To his relief, the tone is very cordial. Hell, by several context clues,  including how she repeatedly tells him to come up to help make dinner, it looks as if they’re still living together. Huh. Well, that's good for Morgan; she has both of her parents at home, and they’re friendly if not still friends. The messages with Rhodey could be copied and pasted from what Tony remembers last: a lot of “hi, miss you” or “goodnight” and plans to meet soon. They never had long text conversations since they prefer speaking to each other. Rhodey keeps requesting pictures of his godchild, though, which is cute. The same familiarity is present in the texts with Happy as well as a lot of mentions of checking on a certain Peter whom Tony doesn't know.
"You’re damn right," Tony replies.
No one is sure when the Kree will come, but Tony is certain it will work. They are in the tricky situation of knowing about Kree tactics, but also that the Kree are aware that they know, which is why they might change it up. Or, on the contrary, go bold for the element of surprise. What is certain is that the Avengers need to engage the Kree significantly enough to make the point to leave them alone in the future.
When he’s in his shop, it's the same. Tony has, on average, five to ten projects in various stages of completion and evolving at the same time. Plus the regular odds and ends for his private projects: armor improvement, bot maintenance, and like it or not, personal preoccupations dealing with people or emotions. They all use a portion of his brain and progress at their own rhythm, unless he focuses on something in particular. But what isn’t at the forefront of his attention advances too. If he gets stuck on a battery issue for the new Stark Phone, he'll move on to something else. And then, in the middle of writing code for a new sensor for his gauntlet, suddenly the solution for the phone battery will come to him, almost fully formed.
"Why was the Tesseract on Asgard? And why were you working on Mar-Vell's drive?"
Rhodey huffs in amusement. "He's hella smart and needed a suit. I just gave him the means to make himself a good one."
"Be nice to Tony, children," he tells them.
DUM-E is in on the party as the music booms in the workshop. Tony grins when he rolls backwards, bopping in time to the beat.
"We have!" Steve says excitedly, reaching for the little face and scratching under her chin. Her eyes are blue, as expected, and still hazy, but definitely opened. "Hey there, beautiful!"
"She said that you both tried to make it work, especially for Morgan, but you two have always been better as friends. Co-parenting was what you'd do from now on. I think she has a boyfriend, but I haven't met him."
"Faster, Daddy!"
"Why?"
"The secret is to let it all out. Let the energy buildup get as powerful as it wants to become, and then push it harder," Carol says.
"Hell yeah, that was pretty sweet.”
"I didn’t bring anything to drink. Why don't we go get coffee?" Steve offers.
This time Steve spots him, but his frown doesn't abate. If anything, it furrows deeper. He looks at Tony, right against the glass, and sighs. Then he turns around and starts walking towards his bed again.
"Good." It's more than that—it's everything—but he can’t bring himself to say more.
"If I have to," Steve says, and that's enough bullshit for today. Which of course is also Rhodey's opinion.
The Bolivian government asked the Avengers’ help when a part of their military went rogue. They debated on the legitimacy of helping, since it felt a lot like intruding in an internal struggle. Rhodes was very vocal on how it wasn't their place, which Natasha countered saying it was hypocritical to pretend the United States didn't do it all the time. But then the rebels started bombing crowded places, with powerful weapons reminiscent of the Chitauri tech, and it was an easy decision after that.
There's a wet bar just inside the patio doors, but Steve stops short as he hears voices. Once again, his sensitive hearing makes him privy to a conversation he was certainly not supposed to overhear. Tony and Rhodes are in the common kitchen, and haven't noticed Steve come in at all.
"I'm gonna go up front if you don't mind."
"We're gathering it, but it was more important to stop the other super soldiers first. If the Doctor gets his hands on them…" He lets the threat of it hang in the air before he continues. "But I swear it is the truth."
He's staring. Tony can feel his gaze, but he's too curious about the child to look back. The phone must recognize Tony's biosignature because it unlocks. The background has that little girl again, but in Pepper's arms this time, both smiling at the camera.
"For sure." Tony's hard and leaking, which makes Steve salivate.
"Yeah, it's in the cupboard next to the fridge," Steve says, going to fetch it.
Steve smiles, cupping the side of Tony's face with care. "Where I finally got to kiss you, I recall."
“Pleased to meet you,” Frigga says afterwards. “Thor has spoken highly of you both, and of the rest of your group.”
"More like 'embracing the power nap'," Sharon says.
Tony rolls to his belly and cries out in relief. "Yes, it's me! Thank goodness!" Not that Steve can understand him, but he hopes the reaction is the answer Steve needs. It seems to do the trick.
Tony understands why the prospect of him and Barnes getting along would make Steve happy. And who knows, with time it could happen. But he's not ready for that yet.
"I know of your progress in training." The Supreme Intelligence scrutinizes him and takes a moment to finish his thought. "It's very impressive."
"That's my only chance, Steve! Let go, then use the damn remote!"
There are soft, barely discernible footsteps near Steve, and someone sits down in the lounge chair to his right. There are definitely several ice cubes in a glass, too.
"Who?" Tony asks. "The Asgardians?"
"Yeah." Steve nods. "Enhanced everything."
Steve scans Tony's face and somehow his smile widens. He gets off the bench to kneel on the Quinjet floor and fishes out the dog tags from under his uniform. Tony fixates on the gold ring that's on the chain and his mouth is suddenly dry. Steve thought Tony was dead and he kept the ring he'd bought around his neck for two years? After deftly opening the chain, Steve lets it and the tag fall to the ground, keeping the ring. When Steve looks up at Tony, his expression is that mix of nervous and determined that always announces a leap of faith (or that he's going to do something incredibly stupid). He takes Tony's left hand in his, rearranges his pose to be on one knee, and goes for it, blue eyes so bright that Tony can't look away, entranced.
"Oh, I knew," Steve agrees.
Steve wants to keep him smiling forever, even at his own expense.
It makes Steve chuckle. Honestly, the sass is endearing, and Tony raises his eyebrows.
It's liberating, realizing that.
That's the kind of shit that annoys Steve to no end. "He could have called himself. Or, I don't know, dropped by the Compound?"
"You've got me. You've had me for a long time. But tell me." Steve looks so earnest, so willing to please. "I want to give you everything you want. Make you happy too if you'll let me."
He turns around, mortified, when Tony cries out. "I'd prefer ordering in. Or a home-cooked meal."
"Really?" Steve's not trying to be dismissive here, but it doesn't seem to fit. He's opinionated and bullheaded, but also...  "But I've been the one, you know,—"
He was talking faster and faster, color high on his cheeks and blue eyes a little wild. Tony had no idea what was going on.
"You’d think an alien ship would have a fast coffee maker."
"Yes, I do."
"Sounds like you're not that bothered about it, mister 'Exhibitionism is not my thing'."
But many times a day, Tony will reflexively think, "I can't wait to show Steve!" or "Steve would love this!" before the reality that his boyfriend is 3,670 miles away crashes down on him again.
There it is, just as Tony hoped.
"If I got this wrong, please abridge my sufferings."
"Life's a bitch," Tony says, laughing, then fires at a Kree right around the corner of the casino. He doesn't think it's necessary to say that if Tal had wished to end up in Tony's pants, he would have been disappointed even without the Krees showing up. "Hey Jarons, you okay?"
"Thank God," Tony repeats.
"Yes, good thinking. I still don't understand who lets a baby alone like that."
The black kitten that had calmed down in Tony's hands starts screaming again.
Steve grabs clothes from a duffle bag and eyes the size of the pants critically before abandoning them to check in the next tent over. Tony wishes he'd drop the woolen blanket to see what seems to be a perfect ass; clearly giving it to Steve was a tactical mistake.
"You could put repulsors in your boots," Peter suggests. "Or on the tube!"
"It's as if I went to bed last night in November 2012 and then woke up eleven years later."
Most of the surrounding crowd ran for cover when the firing and explosions started, and some are going for the exits now. But the Krees are after the Avengers and Carol specifically, and there's no need to have anyone else caught in the crossfire.
Tony can't believe he missed it. Steve Rogers attracted to men? And interested in him? He didn't get that memo.
"JARVIS says that Wilson and Barnes are in the terminal, call them back right now," Rhodey demands.
"How are you doing, Sheriff?" Tony asks, now watching him with open curiosity. He's not sober, but plenty alert. Then again, Stark is able to drink like a fish and still walk and snark with ease.
He's got a point.
Steve nods. "Yes. Okay."
After looking around the small kitchenette, Tony found the fridge—and a juice box!—and is now trying to work out the coffee maker. He located it by smell, honed by decades of caffeine addiction. Steve guesses his goal and kindly shows him how to prepare a cup.
Not Kree? Who isn't Kree?
"You knew your buddy
"I know. I'm sorry. I'll go." Tony makes an immediate about-face, not what Steve wanted at all.
Tony bends down to first nose at the delicate skin of Steve's throat. He stops to take a deep breath, marveling at how there isn't even a whiff of fear in Steve's scent, only arousal and his intoxicating base smell. Even though time is of the essence, Tony can't bring himself to rush it and licks over Steve's carotid, enjoying how he pushes into it and squeezes Tony's arms. He cuts off a groan, which is a shame.
"Why? It makes no sense! I'm offering!"
It comes to a head when Cora leaps out of the ledge and takes flight. In momentsTony is perspiring and he shakily pushes back his chair to stumble towards the window.
Still not letting go, Steve stretches long, fingers grazing the remote. It's absolutely infuriating.
He turns around and forces the shift, leaving Steve's house in the form he arrived, but in diametrical contrast when it comes to spirit and energy. Victor better watch out because Tony is motivated to come back to his wizard as promptly as doable.
“Of course, Mother,” Thor says, standing up.
"For sure," Tony says as they reach the living room's couch. Steve lies down and opens his arms, pleased when Tony snuggles close. He's still completely dressed but his clothes are soft and Steve embraces him tightly.
It doesn't sound right. The Skrull memory-machine pops up with a new souvenir. Memory-him is on the edge of a stage, facing many journalists also sitting on the floor, and is giving a speech.
"Still," Tony says with a shrug. "It's more fun to do it with you."
"You're winging this, aren't you?"
It had been the last time Tony saw him.
"Nama of Broldu," the bouncer says, giving him a shake. "My son and many more are back thanks to you, so the pleasure is mine."
"I'd appreciate that too," Steve says. "I'm terrified."
"Are you going to be alright?" Tony asks Tal.
Did he practice his speech on the way over? Probably. Clearly Steve needs whatever he wants to say off his chest badly.
"Give it to me," Tony demands, making Steve laugh.
The wolf nods up and down this time.
"Do you think that one likes swimming too?" Sam asks.
He stays in Tony's personal space after his comment, their arms brushing in a way that doesn't feel accidental. It makes Tony realize the guy is also flirting with him. Huh.
"I'm happy you approve," Tony says.
Steve's eyes track the movement, looking bemused.
It makes Tony pause. He pulls back, frowning, as he sits up on Steve's thighs. His hands are indeed faintly luminous, and by the way Steve cups his cheek, eyes wide, Tony's face must be doing the same. Uh, so that's new. Probably all the excitement, but he's convinced it's not dangerous. He reins it in, just to be safe.
"That's it," Tony murmurs. He's looking at Steve as if he'd eat him up, not that the reverse is going to happen. "Undo your pants, show me your cock, too."
"I'll buy you new ones," Tony says.
"That's completely nuts."
“A children’s daemon changes species at will and tries multiple permutations until their host reaches puberty. Only then do they take their ultimate form, true to their character.”
"Really?" Tony looks back at Thor, curious.
"And the stones?" the second-in-command asks.
"Shut up, you surprised me, that's all." Tony acts grumpy but he's just as amused as Steve is.
"Why would you say that?" Carol replies with a flutter of her eyelashes. "We're not here to
"No, don’t."
"I saw you earlier, out of the suit. You make a pretty hot chick," Johnny adds.
"The Guardians are Nebula’s group. They call themselves the Guardians of the Galaxy. Not Nebula’s idea," Carol says, anticipating his questions. "Their leader, Peter Quill is originally from Earth, and Gamora, Nebula’s sister, was part of the gang too. Thanos killed her to get a stone, and it's still a very sore subject, so it’d be best not to mention her in front of Nebula."
"Sorry." It's Maria Hill. Steve debates sending her to voicemail, but eventually relents. "I've got to take this." Tony gestures for him to do so and Steve takes the call. "Rogers."
"Sam! Baxter Building, 33rd floor, a portal is pulling Tony in, he's stuck. It's probably what took the Fantastic Four!"
Steve's phone is ringing when he gets out of his shower the morning after they get back to the compound. It's a thrill to see 'Tony' on the caller ID as he picks it up.
"Yeah. See you soon."
"Don't say that. And, well"—Steve pauses for a second, his cheeks reddening—"there's always the armor." He bites his lip as his eyes drop to the arc reactor.
Everett Ross gestures towards the long conference table. "Please. I can't wait to hear this."
Confused at the very heartfelt but nonsensical statement, Tony blinks. "What?"
Steve had brought up his hands to hide his face but freezes at that. "What?"
"But you did anyway," Steve affirms. What isn't a ludicrous sum for Tony probably fits that same definition for regular, or even rich people. And definitely for Doctor Martin.
"It's a shame. She's magnificent." Tony reaches to pet Hildr's enormous head, but the lioness recoils before he makes contact, eyes panicked.
There just isn’t enough air, and his heart is racing so much. Soon the missing arc reactor won't matter anymore because his ticker will fail anyway. Oh, God, this is a nightmare. Tony sits up in bed, which makes his head turn, but then curls forward, forehead on his knees and hands on his own neck.
"That doesn't make sense," Other-Steve says, stumbling and falling to his knees.
"Steve, Steve!" The tiny stoat climbs a bewildered Steve until she reaches his neck, then rubs against his jaw. Tony can't blame the creature; it's a compelling need he's felt himself. "Can you believe this?"
That’s been Tony's worst nightmare since the Battle of New York.
"I wouldn't be so sure. Try it."
"It might not be just a 'you' problem," Steve banters right back.
Steve disappears in the bathroom, and Tony's pretty sure that his head barely has touched the pillow before he's out.
The End
Tony laughs, but he's pinking up, which is fascinating. He's rarely seen Tony embarrassed.
General Fury refused to disclose to Tony any information about the mysterious Captain America. If the rumors are to be believed, the man consistently pulls off extraordinary feats of courage for the Allies. Tony only found hints about the soldier in a few reports that are generally confidential or heavily redacted. The scraps of intelligence even contradict themselves. Captain America is either tall or scrappy, charming or a beast, acts alone or with an elite combat unit, etc. But what is consistent across the board is that the soldier is extraordinarily strong and fights like a demon out of hell for the good cause.
"I'm sorry. Would that do? Or should I get a plate or something?"
"Wow, Stark, I didn't know you could kiss ass like that!"
"You know you want it," Steve says, dragging a second stool towards the workbench and flopping down.
And Steve had left with a last "I am so sorry" that at least sounded heartfelt.
"Attaboy." Carol is drumming her fingers on her thigh. "We're only one jump away from Earth, where should we go?"
Tony feels his heart break at that.
"Yeah, come on." WIM-Tony helps him take a few steps. "We've got to get you out of here. Come on."
It's Tony's first visit in months. Maybe he'll start to come by the Compound more often now. It's one of Steve's many hopes.
"I need time," Tony says. "And I believe we're friends again, but..."
In theory, when facts and needs are calculated without room for emotion, Tony understands the reasoning. In practice, though… It sucks. He can imagine that the lottery doesn’t grant many couples their wish for children, and he has a feeling Chancellor Almar is one of the people whose wish wasn’t granted.
"I'll explain. It's called figging."
"I appreciate that."
"I know." Too many people, Steve's afraid. Or they’d throw them in the river, but he doesn't say that out loud.
"You're ridiculous."
Tony remembers that well. It's everything before two days ago that’s blank. "Yeah, but we got a second chance and won."
"I will. I promise," Anthony swears as he disconnects.
It makes the man's eyes widen, while he hadn't looked too impressed before. "Really?"
"Show me," he asks.
"It's going to take a minute," Steve says as Tony stares at the whirring machine. There are promising liquid sounds.
"Come on," Tony says, trying to push back against the digits.
"Proceed at your own risk," Nat says haughtily.
"I noticed when you passed out on me," FRIDAY says.
"I suppose you need to get your armor for patrols?" Steve asks. "I saw it yesterday, from afar. So cool."
"Oh, water!" Carol exclaims as she reaches their table. She steals Tony's glass, which makes him sputter in outrage. He was drinking that!
"Yes, yes, don't get distracted," Tony says.
They all got in through the window, and they leave the same way, which is funny if only for the face Richards makes. Also Steve says he's alright to be flown all the way back to the compound. It should be a twenty minutes ride at a speed that won't be too uncomfortable for him, they've done it before. Tony locks one of the suit's arms around his waist as Steve holds on right back, face tucked against the armor's neck to avoid the worst of the wind.
"Did I say I have powers now? Because I do. It's fine, don't worry about it. We'll talk about it later."
"Beautiful," Steve says, breath catching when the pants drop and he gets his first glance at Tony's dick and strong thighs.
That said, when the occasion comes for another hit, Steve jumps on it.
His cosmic energy absorption and manipulation abilities make him ten times more powerful than any other Kree fighters, and they still won't let Anthony go on a meaningful mission with Starforce. He's supposedly not ready, or at least that’s what Yon-Rogg keeps saying, which gets on Anthony's last nerve.
"Got it, Boss." A virtual window pops up ten feet away, closer to DUM-E's charging station, and the robot immediately rolls towards it, chirping. "Yes, I can display the data points that I am monitoring," FRIDAY adds. A few graphs and numbers pop up, that Steve supposes are temperature, heartbeats and respiration.
Oh, that's the teenager in the pictures with the spider uniform. Sixteen is better than his estimated twelve. "Spider-Man, huh?"
"Yeah. Just a sec."
"Happy you like it," Tony says, pleased.
Zemo is watching him with eyes widened in shock as Tony steps into the room, then reins in his power.
"Which worked very well for me. Fury didn't want me to take the notes and plans to the tower, and he said I'd need the Tesseract to make it work anyway."
Steve tries to make him back up towards the table, but Tony grabs his arms and reluctantly breaks the kiss. When they're done, Steve will appreciate a soft surface to rest.
"What? Oh, thanks," Steve says, sliding it onto his arm.
"I enjoy singing to you the most, though," Drunk-Tony says, leaning in but talking a bit too loud. The son of a gun is definitely flirting, and Tony can't help but admire the move.
"It's fine." She's obviously learning about the rules at the same time as him and Steve. "I'm okay. As long as you don't leave," he whispers.
"Yes," Steve immediately agrees.
"At the right time?" Tony insists. Better be safe than sorry. "Because we saw 616 twice in succession, and it was clearly not simultaneous events, since I was there in both."
"We'll need to discuss it with Fury, but I think it's for the best. Holding them as prisoners of war wouldn't be a deterrent for the Krees, anyway."
"We met, once, in 1988. You were with James Rhodes, a common friend. I had the distinct impression you were an insufferable brat, but he liked you, and I trusted him."
Steve flashes him a smirk, then licks around the head of Tony's cock like a lollipop. It's a bolt of instant pleasure, almost too much, and Tony groans, throwing his head back. Fuck, he doesn't want to come right as they start. He takes in a shaky breath, then looks down again because he can't miss the perfect picture of Steve's pretty mouth circling his dick. And what an image it is. Who knew Steve Rogers sucked cock so well?
Tony wonders if it's because Steve became a werewolf that he can compare to his past basic human self. Or it's just that he knows his abilities are so much better than regular people. The affirmation is nonetheless the perfect set up for a joke. Tony, taking advantage of the fact that they've been walking way closer together than practical, nudges his elbow into Steve's side.
"Yes, there's a rush," Tony interrupts. "You don't want me to die, do you, Steve? Because that's what will happen."
Nebula looks at a table with the orange drinks and makes a face. "I think I had enough."
"It doesn't have to be right this moment!" Steve says. "Just soon. What do you think?" he asks the baby. She's holding her head a lot better now.
"Oh my god, are you moonwalking?"
"He did, a few days ago in fact." Tony's heart flips at that, but Rhodey doesn't expand on the subject. "That's for my own story, later. So you fought with Steve, but how does that lead you to drop everything to go to Asgard?"
"Hello, FRIDAY," Steve says. He takes a step forward as the line for the cash register moves. "I'm at the Burger King close to the Tower and I was wondering if Tony ate lunch yet."
Well, he'd seen that face in his near past, but as the Kree Supreme Intelligence. Tony can't even say he's surprised, since it's meant to be in the image of the person you respect the most. Hell, Tony has had a severe case of hero worship for Captain America for most of his life. It makes perfect sense.
"Let's go to your room." It means moving, and a delay, but Steve's protest dies on his lips when Tony purrs, "come on, I want to take good care of you. You won't wish to move when I'm done."
"Nothing to apologize about. It's getting past my bedtime too. We've had rooms prepared for you."
"Yes." Steve kisses Tony again, pouring in all of his hopes, to know and cherish all of him. It revs up to deep and wet in no time, Steve's blood now rushing in his ears. God, he wants and wants, so much.
"Awesome," Steve says, getting up and gathering the trash.
"It's all right," Tony repeats, tapping Thor's breastplate. "The Krees can be sneaky. Did you bring what we need to lure them here?"
"No, you do," Cora banters right back.
"It's one thing to hear about parallel universes, even believing they exist, and another one entirely to see them with my own eyes," Steve starts.
"Okay then. See you soon."
"She drank it all?" the vet says. "Okay. Now we have to clean her mouth so the hair doesn't get sticky and stiff, and help her with a bathroom break. She won't be able to use a litter tray for several weeks."
"Maybe a little," Steve says. "Though it's hard to justify when he's helping us."
"Barnes!"
"So..." Tony says awkwardly. "That happened."
It makes sense. "Fine," Steve agrees.
Once they determine exactly where they want to set the trap in the facility's heart, Tony gets to work assembling the light-speed engine.
"Must have screwed up somewhere, though." Not even five years of marriage and it's over.
Tony adores that movie, they've watched it several times now. Steve likes it a lot too, and he
He can already picture himself lounging the sun, watching Steve slicing through the infinity pool in a tiny speedo. Or maybe in nothing at all.
"Oh," Tony says, breathless. It's Pepper's daughter; it has to be. He loves her instantly, without reservation. "What's her name?"
"Cap found these baby kittens in a dumpster. I just want someone to look them over, you know?" Tony says, Bambi eyes at maximum power.
"Why?' she asks with a frown.
Tony could do it easily with his nanotech, Steve reflects as he leans against the porch's guardrail to watch what has every sign of being a competition.
Only a fool would refuse such an offer. And Tony might have moments of stupidity—like convincing himself they were just fuckbuddies, or that Steve wanted to be with Bucky—but he's still in the top three most intelligent people in the world.
"There you go." Tony lets his arm fall as Steve steps down from his booth. "See you."
Tony scowls. "It's not funny."
"Something like that. I'm Tal."
By his side, the Maximov girl conjures red energy in her palms, looking in his direction with disgust. Tony's read her story, he knows she lost her parents because of a SI bomb, but it's not the time to get into that now. Carol has seen the threat too, and she hovers above ground, going binary in order to burst into flames and display her powers.
Tony grimaces. "Yeah, that's going to be harder since I bleed green now and the blast must have rearranged my chromosomes. Long story. But I still have old scars, including from the arc reactor, so it's a start?"
"Tony—" Steve starts, but Tony, not even looking at Steve, raises a hand and his index finger in warning.
"This is disgusting," Tony says. "What the hell… I'm so sorry, I have no idea what he's doing."
"Fair enough," Steve says with a small smile. "And even if you eventually
"Ah man, is this about Captain America again?" He sounds exasperated. Which… is fair to a certain degree. Tony's been obsessing for months.
That's another thing that's been bothering Tony.
"Yes, Tony," Steve repeats with a ton of affection.
"Fine," Tony grumbles. Since hiding in the suit would be too cowardly even for him, he opens it up and steps down. "What's the problem?"
"Behind me, it's following me!" Tony pants, but then his eyes widen with another shock as he comes to a stop.
His coffee is ready now, and he takes a well-needed gulp that lets him hide his face a bit. He feels as if he's blushing and it's embarrassing.
Jesus.
"You've got to be fucking with me. Yon-Rogg—"
Meeting the Sovereign is indeed a grand affair. And yes, they take themselves very seriously. Tony has often boasted his own importance, mostly as a deflection, but these people bring it to the next level. Not only do they look down at them all as if they're nothing but evolved apes, but they're also putting on a show to hammer home their alleged superiority.
Once they leave the hospital, though, Tony's too busy taking in an alien metropolis on a completely different planet to worry about much else. It's the similarities to Earth that fascinates him, how this part of the city looks a lot like Akihabara but dotted with aliens of varied skin tones. The space port they reach after a ride on an ultra fast bullet train is another thing entirely. Tony keeps looking left and right wishing he had more eyes to take in all of the ships. Some are utilitarian and kind of bulky, but there are also sexy, sleek little numbers that he itches to touch. Steve leads him to a relatively small black and silver ship that is all curves and fins. It's beautiful, really.
"Do you wish to retire to your quarters for the night?" Thor asks.
Morgan's birth. Morgan's first toothless smile, first steps, first time humming a tune—“Iron Man” by Black Sabbath, which he was elated about—everything Morgan and how he found proof that unconditional love exists because he'd do anything for Morgan.
"It was more complicated than that. But it's also a big part of it." Steve passes a hand over his mouth, then crosses his arms over his chest. It's not defensiveness, though, not really. More like a sign of stubbornness. "The Avengers split up over a disagreement about whether there was a necessity for oversight by the UN."
"The things I'll do to you," Tony promises intently, and he's delighted when he feels a shudder go through Steve.
"Oh, no, of course not!" Steve looks crestfallen. "I assumed it was going well! Tony, I'd never been with someone before. I didn’t know—especially not how it is now! I thought you'd tell me… Why didn't you ask me to stay? I would have loved to."
"From there, it's about finding somewhere stable to set them up. We've been doing a lot in the Midwest, initially. Cities I can get to in a couple of hours, tops, in case old lives come back."
"Turned him into a furry pincushion. It thankfully didn't take before the danger had passed. The werewolf gig was up when he changed back right before my eyes this morning." Judging by their expressions, Dugan and Barnes seem more worried about Steve's secret being out than the man himself. "I won't say anything, don't worry. I work on classified operations often, I know how it is."
That makes the room erupt with exclamations and cheers. From the original Avengers at least, while the Maximov twins and Ant-Man look slightly lost at the development.
"That power thing earlier? Really cool," Steve says when they separate.
"Nah," Tony says, stretching as he shakes his head. "I asked. For a cat, by the way. But Howard said it would distract me from my work. It's true, I didn't have a lot of free time."
"I know. And I'm glad he's there. But also
Tony squints up at Steve, as if disappointed by the question. "Why would I call Janet or Pepper? Because they are women?"
He must sound convincing because Tony humps up against him with a sweet moan.
"Tony, Tony," Steve says between two kisses.
"Stark?"
He's missing eleven years of his life. Eleven years.
"That's not cool, man," Clint adds.
"If you will excuse me," Thor says, throwing them a look as he spins Mjolnir. "I need to borrow your prisoner, we shall have a chat."
"Only sayin' it as I see it," Steve mumbles, a lot shyer now that they're face to face. He busies himself by shoving his feet into boots he appropriated, ones that sadly look too small.
"My second comment is that I've been with you every time you've had sex, whether you have known it or not. So it's not like it will shock me or anything," Cora adds.
"Please, Captain. The Soviets built this chamber to withstand the launch blast of UR-100 rockets."
"Still used super strength, though!"
"I’m keeping watch," FRIDAY pipes up.
"Hey, little one!" Sam says when Snowball stops to sniff his hand. Callie, on the other hand, is stretching in the crook of Steve's arm, and he bops her pink nose. She's purring, which thrills Steve to no end. She remembers him and wants her cuddles.
"I'm fine, I swear. The Krees brainwashed me and took me in the first place, but they didn't mistreat me, otherwise." Steve looks very skeptical about that. Tony shrugs. "I was just Anthony. They told me Carol was the enemy, that she killed my parents, but for two years I pretty much only trained to eventually fight her. And worked on the Kree fleet when I could. Really cool tech, by the way."
"I said I'm fine, guys," Tony insists. He checks the HUD… and the fight looks like it’s over. At least on the ground, since FRIDAY displays zero Kree threats at the moment. "Looks like you got them all."
"Same," Steve adds.
"Oh my God," White Iron Man—or WIM for short—Tony says, looking astonished and emotional. "Cap!"
Steve nods, solemn. "I know."
"She's a wonderful kid. You and Pepper are doing such a great job."
It's such a Tony thing to do, to name a black cat Snowball, and not the white one. He looks so proud of himself, eyes dancing in amusement, that Steve falls in love all over again.
"We're leaving for London, actually," Tony says, and he doesn't miss how Steve's smile falls.
"What?"
As Steve thought, it's not even close. He pushes and runs as fast as he can, which is difficult on the mix of snow and ice covering the lake, but Peter and Morgan soon take the lead. And keep increasing it. Tony eventually twists and gestures for Steve to join him in the tube.
The correct bag is further down than he’d thought, and he has to jump in to retrieve it. He feels something give out under his left foot and he doesn't want to know what was in there. It smells like rotten vegetables, among other things. He’s sure he’s ruined his shoe, and probably his pants too. Steve doesn't care though, worried because the kitten's mewls are growing further apart.
"Good. Same."
"That didn't come out right. I love touching you, Cora," Steve amends, then turns to Tony. "And I certainly don't mind when you touch Lilly. I enjoy that a lot. I'm pretty sure it's because I've liked you for a while. As more than a friend."
He doesn't know if he's in the mood for schmoozing, but eight-thirty is ten hours away. He has time to think about it.
"Face up," he demands, determined to do his job even if the mood around the table has totally changed.
"What happened out there?"
"What were you saying about crazy?" Steve asks dryly.
One second he was looking up from the floor, the next he's almost of a height with Steve, back on his feet. He wavers for a second, the shock and relief potent, but covers it by straightening his jacket's sleeves. It's one of his best three pieces; Tony likes to dress up for official meetings.
"I'm okay. I swear."
Steve opens a cupboard to show him the variety.
Steve freezes in surprise when the fake fabric shifts against him, but he leans slightly backwards to observe, eyes dark with desire.
"I asked… I asked because I hoped you'd tell me what I want to hear." Steve's never been good with words for personal matters. He knows he's making this harder than it should be.
"Hey, Ben," Memory-Tony says, giving him the go-ahead to ask his question.
“I’m sorry,” Tony tells Cora. “I didn’t mean to hurt you with what I said.”
Frankly, Tony hates the Sovereign immediately, a sentiment that his companions seem to share. Steve, who is ever gracious in official functions, can barely muster a smile. Not to say that the Sovereign are warm and cuddly. On the contrary, they’re condescending and cold but also scrupulously polite. After a quick assessment, Tony decides to play the obsequious game. They think they're the bee's knees? Then he’ll give them what they think they deserve.
"That's a joke, right?" It has to be.
The press conference that was arranged to explain those developments also served as a showcase for Tony's return. Tony waited a block away as Rhodey, on a stage filled with all of their superhero friends, explained their position.
"What a relief, and of course not, I'll take good care of it," Steve says. Tony has taken his arm out of his undersuit and shrugged the top part off, leaving him bare to the hips. Steve reaches out to caress his shoulders, pecs, pausing to gently trace the scars of where the arc reactor used to be. He has always treated them as if he thought them beautiful instead of ugly. Steve seems entranced, and it's incredibly flattering. "You're so hot."
"Shhh," Steve repeats. It's not that loud, he knows, but he wouldn't want her to wake Tony. "I've got you. Here we go."
True. They had a sex marathon that lasted well into the night, leaving them both sated and exhausted. Steve can't help it, he wants Tony so much... Tony who was totally on board with going round after round, too. It was spectacular. Steve hates that he can feel a blush rising just from talking about it. Hell, he's hardening, too, that's how trigger-happy his libido is.
"True," Steve admits, planting his hands on the tube. It's been astonishing to do strength tests with Spider Man and realize that he can lift roughly twenty-five tons. Steve can't even lift one ton, though 1200 pounds is nothing to sneeze at. "But it's not like you can go full force, or you'll hurt her."
Steve almost confesses that he has no desire to go, that he wants to stay with Tony, but he can't. Tony had his heart broken just a few months ago; he doesn't need Steve being Too Much™.
"Okay, fine," Steve relents.
"I can't promise that I will ever be ready."
"As I told you, the Krees have super strength, so be careful."
"I gotcha buddy," WIM-Tony says, as he holds Other-Steve up, still covered in electrodes and other bits of machinery, including a metallic collar.
Tony pauses, looking at the boot on his desk, then to a hologram screen that has a long list with empty checkboxes. He is, no doubt, very busy. Steve keeps his body language open and his face as hopeful as can be, and smiles when Tony nods.
"Pretty much, but there are many flavors and they're good."
"Up," Tony demands, which Steve hurries to do. "You're a mess, darling," Tony adds.
"Country leaders started speaking up, or more precisely, talking to each other about how they thought superhuman individuals, or a team like the Avengers, should operate. They asked for accountability."
"Cin-cin," Tony says, bumping their glasses together.
Probably one that has better footage. He doesn't miss how the others exchange a look.
"We'll arrive tomorrow," Carol says.
"Involuntarily for me, but yes." Tony extends his right hand to shake. Fury quickly assesses the handholding with Steve, stopping on the golden ring on Tony's finger. His eyebrow hikes a bit on his forehead but he doesn't comment, only grabs Tony's hand to pull him close and tap his shoulder in a brief hug.
"What do you want?" Steve asks, ripping his eyes away from Tony's cock. There's a flush on Tony's cheeks, dark enough to show in the lantern's light. "Tell me because I can't decide."
To his credit, Steve doesn't look away, even though he seems ready for his execution. "Yes."
"Hey! Hi!"
There are heavy steps as Steve comes up the stairs again, and he seems both perplexed and relieved to see Tony where he left him.
"It is! But I'd do it, if you wanted. That's how much I want your dick."
What happened in eleven years for Steve to look at him like that? Sure, they got under each other's skin from day one; it was obvious to them and the world at large. There was animosity at first, then a subdued rivalry in the months Tony remembers, but there was a spark of
Steve lets out a nervous laugh. "Don't say things like that. And yes, please."
"Make your move, Reindeer Games," Memory-Anthony says.
"Are we good now?" Tony asks. "Did we get over it, whatever it was?"
Maybe, just maybe, there's something like fate, after all.
They are distracted when a blond woman enters the garage from the house, a drink in hand that looks like ice tea. She reminds Tony of someone, but he can't place her.
There's not time to be disappointed because Tony, who is looking straight at Steve and knows he overheard, winks cheekily and grins. It nearly takes Steve's breath away, how beautiful Tony is like this, happy and smiling. It's been so long that he hasn't had the chance to see it in person, too. The scars on the right side of Tony's face are hardly detectable now, and he looks rested and healthy. The only glaring sign that he didn't escape unscathed from the battle with Thanos is his red and gold right hand.
"Shit." Steve gave his life to destroy Hydra. "But you learned about it."
"No worries, love, I'll take care of you."
"I agree the Krees are the bigger threat, but I don't think they'll arrive just now. Maybe we should look into that super soldiers thing. I've seen the tapes and the damage Barnes can do. It's best not to have that kind of power times five in a bad guy's hands."
"You really remember nothing?" Carol asks.
"There's another boy you've taken under your wing. Harley. But I don't know him much," Steve says. "You can’t do much about Spider-Man, at least when he’s in the spotlight for being a superhero, but you're very protective of your kids. I saw Morgan for the first time when we went to ask you for help with time travel. The entire world knows that you and Pepper had a child, but that's it. The paparazzi fought to publish a single stroller pic from a visit to the pediatrician, and it was with a blanket that hid her completely."
"You're great. We need you, you're new blood. I like it."
ancient now—and winces. Not his best comeback. A sudden alarm and red glare on the HUD refocus his attention, but he's a fraction of a second too late. A concussive energy beam hits him directly in the helmet, and he's thrown violently against a wall.
"I know," Barnes replies. His blue-gray eyes—why so pretty, though? Ugh—are full of guilt. "I'm sorry."
Steve finally lets Tony's hand go, but it's to move into a full, and very tight, body hug that is just perfect. Tony holds him back just as strongly, making shushing noises and hoping it's a comfort. If he plays with Steve's hair some more, it's as much for him as it is for Steve.
The voices are getting clearer and sharper, and less like Antony is hearing them as if in a dream. He only needs to open his eyes, just a tad, and—bad idea. The bright light is akin to a stab to his brain, and Anthony shuts them again while stifling a groan. He's in enemy hands, and his only advantage on whoever caught him—Vers, the Skrulls, he remembers now—is that they don't know he can hear them.
"It was just a fright, no worries. We should have warned you that humans and daemons cannot separate."
"Sorry. So? Any sign of them?"
"I've got you, sweetheart. Shhh, careful, you told me you'd be quiet. God, you're perfect."
"I think this is going well," Carol says, sprawling back with her arms extended on the top of the booth like a queen holding court. There’s a smirk on her face, spelling out that she's looking for someone to challenge her.
"True."
"I'm Carol," she says as they go to the elevator and Tony presses the button to the common floor. "Nice digs. Top floors?"
"What, you really wanted to fight me?" Natasha asks, raising an eyebrow.
"Go for it, I'll join you in a minute!" Tony says from where he's trying to keep up with Steve, who is fighting like a demon. He's making his way towards Yon-Rogg, which is unsurprising.
Bucky is staring at a dead soldier, at a loss. "What the hell?"
"Of course not. So, when do we get to the part where you fold me up like a pretzel and fuck me?"
"So you began working on that engine."
Steve takes a pause, sucking in a shaky breath. The bad news is coming. Tony feels it, and goosebumps of unease erupt on his arms and neck. He stays silent, waiting.
"Harder," Tony demands after a few minutes of slow and deep thrusts. Steve is steady as a metronome, and Tony's desperate.
Tony scrunches his nose. "Ugh."
"What about her? Is she afraid of him?" Callie doesn't strike Steve as a nervous kitten at all, although she is more guarded than Snowball.
It makes Tony smile, as if he’s surprised. Steve doesn't know what he did wrong that Tony doesn't realize or believe he'd be welcomed back enthusiastically.
Talk about what? Those other realities? Tony doesn't know what good could come of that. It's not as if they can control how other versions of themselves made different choices than they did. He almost refuses out of self preservation.
"Yeah, that's it."
"Peachy," Steve says, blushing even more. "I haven't felt this invisible since 1943, though."
"Hello, boss," FRIDAY immediately says. "Threat at five, seven, and nine o'clock."
"That was amazing," he says.
"Oh God," Steve says, leaning forward so he rests his forehead on Tony's shoulder as he catches his breath.
"What the hell, Steve? Why didn't you tell me? I would have helped even more, made it a priority! How come Hydra has him? Do you know if he's okay? Shit, of course he's not. Are
With a hard suck Steve pulls off, and even though he asked for it, Tony almost protests at losing the hot, wet heat around his dick.
"I'm not surprised. She's very protective of you," Steve says fondly.
He's had a feeling in the last two days that his time at the Tower is reaching its end. There's an assignment imminent; they've been chasing leads on a potential home-grown biological weapon for months now. Steve is now ninety percent sure that Natasha has found the people responsible and that they must strike soon. Organizing exercises from a distance has been fine, but this is a mission, and a crucial one at that.
Steve realizes that he's been grinning like a fool at his phone. More from the text than from the picture, but no one needs to know that.
"I think so. But then the Krees…"
"We could. It would have been better to do so right when we learned about it, though."
Tony's eyes glint in the light of the oil lamp and his smile is wicked. "That's a broad question, handsome. I've hoped for this for a long time."
"I don't want your fucking pity!" he yells. "Who do you think you are?"
"I'm aware," the Sheriff replies drily. They're making their way to a building marked as STARK INDUSTRIES with a sign advertising shoeings. This reality's him is at least in part blacksmith, then. It makes a hell of a lot of sense as an occupation for a Tony living in the Wild West.
"Hopefully he learned from his mistakes," Steve says, back to being serious. "And doesn't take you for granted anymore."
"No way, show me," Jim says, grabbing the phone from her hands even though Nat was still recording. She allows Rhodes to do things that she'd maim most people for, and Steve sometimes wonders if there's something between them. "Holy shit! She did jump right in!"
"What!" Anthony exclaims, heart racing as he glares at Att-Lass, who lets him go. Att-Lass also raises his palms to show he's not a threat with a nervous glance at Anthony's glowing hands. It's not Anthony's fault that he instinctively charged up in reaction to a perceived danger. "Can't you see I'm busy here?"
"Fine," Tony says, climbing in. The mattress is the perfect firmness, and he groans in contentment as he lies down.
Rhodes just plainly told Tony that Steve is interested in him. Apart from the surprise, and trying to deny it, Tony doesn't seem opposed to the idea at all. That, in itself, is reason to hope that Tony might return Steve's affections.
Steve takes it, serious. "You know I would never let anyone take it."
"Hey Snowball," Steve says, crouching next to the enclosure. "Isn't that a pretty girl!"
Steve's eyes are still huge and full of pain, but he nods.
"Exactly!" Steve exclaimed. "But you're okay, so there's no reason not to tell you. Not really. Apart from maybe ruining everything—"
After wrapping her in a bear hug that has Frigga laugh in delight, Thor makes introductions.
The light tendrils are not quite aligned, which means the drive won't function to full capacity; it's totally unacceptable and unprofessional. Who put this together?
"Okay. Thanks," Tony says, stifling a yawn.
It's with reluctance that Steve lets Tony step away, but before they separate, he takes hold of Tony's left wrist. Not tight, there's barely any pressure, but clearly he needs a point of contact. It's grounding for Tony too, and when they sit on the bench, he's close enough that their thighs press together as well. Steve is also back to unblinkingly staring at Tony in wonder.
From there Tony is off, sketching schematics and pointing at different parts with enthusiasm. When the coffee is ready Steve gets Tony a cup. Instead of taking some himself, which would be the reasonable option even if it would hinder his sleep, Steve continues with the whiskey. Several sheets of paper later, when Tony went from the imagined rolling-wagon to plans for a more effective flour mill, Steve realizes he's downed a quarter of his bottle. It's not as bad as the bender after Bucky's death, but he's definitely feeling it.
"Uh, well… We… Find an escape pod and… um… escape."
Hopefully, yes. Steve can't believe his luck.
Tony tilts his head at his screen, but it's not a mirage. There are no red items on his to do list. Hell, there are no orange ones either.
"Good question," Tony says. "With the way you crushed the rebels so publicly, I'd say that no one expects a paper trail follow-up. Why?"
It doesn't matter, not when their kiss makes Tony whole again.
"What do you want?" Steve asks, hands running up and down his back in long caresses that are lighting Tony up inside.
A quick look over the texts on his phone and Steve winces. Okay, so it's not strike soon, it's strike now.
we'll argue about the merits of accountability."
"You."
"Tell me again what we're doing here," Tony says.
"Really? You'd be okay with that?"
"Right." Tony winces. He hadn't thought of it like that, but he would have worried too. "But that's what happened. I had this fight with Steve-"
"Now we're talking!' Carol says cheerfully, watching how mayhem has broken out all over the casino.
Tony does too. "And when they do recognize us, your brilliant plan is to convince the outlaws not to mess with us? Won't that paint a target on our back instead? Issue a challenge?"
The instructions are simple, firm, and Steve happily obliges, pulling Tony's erection out of his pants—no underwear, look at that!—through the gap left by the open zipper. He's leaning in to lick when Tony grabs his hair again, though he doesn't pull. Steve is now torn between annoyance and anticipation.
"Yes, please go," Steve tells Jim, carefully closing the distance between Tony and himself.
"I wanted to verify—"
to know it would be mind-blowing."
"I know. Believe me, I know. And there's much more that I need to tell you—"
It almost makes Tony's jaw drop. They
"You were amazing," Tony raves, and it's cute how she ducks her chin a little, bashful and clearly pleased with herself. "I'm going to find something to drink."
It's a bit of a cop out because he doesn't quite know what to say to Steve and Barnes, but also a show of trust. Rhodey isn't that enthused with the idea and makes it known through the armor's comm link.
"Don't worry, Morgan," Pete says with confidence as they get in position. "I'm a lot stronger than he is."
Tony sighs. "Okay, then come up here. It's stupid to do this with you on the floor."
"Fuck," Tony mutters, caught in the piercing blue gaze. God, this wolf is huge. Tony didn't even know there were wolves in Austria, and certainly not that they got that big. It's not a dog, of that he's certain, even if blond fur and blue eyes are a weird color scheme for a wolf.
Tony shakes his head fondly, and only then notices someone waiting at his door. He blinks, not believing his eyes.
"Not sure though," Tony says. "Any ideas for yours?"
"Gosh, that's my line!" she says with a light laugh. "I'm so, so happy you're back. We really thought that was it, this time."
"And what is that?" Nama asks, tilting his head.
There we go. Kol is even more of a sore loser than Tony thought.
"Let your hair down a little! I dare you."
Steve's quite a catch, for sure, and Tony's attracted to him. But then again, interest is only part of the equation. Tony's pretty certain that at this very moment, he and Steve would have vastly different expectations if they got together. If Steve's been interested for an entire year, he doesn't just hope to scratch an itch.
No, it doesn't. It's a room with machinery, very industrial, dark and gloomy. They shouldn't be in any danger, though, as they're not in phase with this Wild West town and Tony's hypothesis is that they'll only be corporeal in their own reality.
"I can back you up too," Carol says. "It's stupid to divide forces. Especially with the Krees possibly incoming."
"It's a wonderful day," he adds.
"Wow," Tony says, mesmerized by how gracefully she moves and the destruction she can cause by herself.
The End
Steve is flushed pink, either from the drinks or the dancing, or maybe both, and looks happier and more relaxed than Tony has ever seen him, which is a great look on him. He's always been so serious. They met when Steve was still traumatized from his icy nap, and the man perpetually carries the world on his shoulders no matter what. Steve might now be eleven years older than Tony remembers, closer to being middle-aged than in his twenties, but for once he looks young and carefree.
She follows Snowball out, revealing that she's much larger.
It’s the right thing to say, because Tony nods and his hands slide down Steve's back to squeeze his ass, making him buck forward. It feels so good. Unfortunately, Tony is clearly still apprehensive.
Steve's eyes are brimming with tears. "She was at the wrong place at the wrong time, a witness. They disguised it as an accident."
"That was amazing, baby."
"Thanks." It resonated with him too. "So, now what?"
After a couple of seconds and only a few meters away, he hears Steve cry out.
She peers into his eyes again, frowning, and her worry is still there when she leans back. "The readings are normal."
Nat is aware of the danger, and she's thrown a few times at first to keep Rumlow from taking too much of a lead. She and Bucky haven't caught him wrongfooted, though. Eventually, she focuses back on the batter, her fox ears twitching in ascent at Thor's request for her next pitch. Thor has a powerful arm in Half State because of his kodiak anima, and he's more than able to beat Rumlow at second base if he tries to steal it.
"Me?" Tony replies, sounding surprised. "No, no. Why? He comes to see the cats. He didn't, before."
It's clearly a diss based on the coldness of her tone, and it stumps Tony. She and Steve don't get along? This is all so confusing, and Tony knows that if he tries to ask questions now, without more insight on the problem, it’ll make her clam up. Distraction time it is, then.
You've got to give points to Kol that once he's over his shock, he isn’t intimidated at all and throws a punch with his free hand. Once Tony dodges and pushes him away, Kol roars and immediately comes for Tony again. Tal tries to stop him, circling his cousin's torso with his arms, but he's a lot slimmer and it's not very effective.
"No," Tony blurts out.
Steve frowns; that doesn't sound right. "What?"
"We'd be so lucky. Thank you," Tony says, honestly pleased with himself.
"There's other stuff," Steve replies with a shrug. "Excellent tea, and with more kick than any coffee you've ever had. You said so yourself."
." He insists on the last word for the benefit of their audience. "But I've just came back and I'm legally dead, so I think it's a gray area."
comes to Tony's mind before he shakes the thought away. No, they're not in Siberia; they’re in space, and there's a fight going on. Tony just got knocked around.
Steve makes a noncommittal sound that amuses Tony. Jealousy is kind of cute on him.
"So we came back to Earth. Since your wish was for the Avengers to continue to operate as before with the money you set aside for us, we did just that."
Thor gasps, too, and there's a sudden stillness in the room.
"Good things, I hope!" Carol says with a grin that’s a bit too aggressive for Tony's comfort. She doesn't appreciate being condescended at, which Tony gets, but the situation needs to be handled with care.
No, he needs to focus on the Bifrost being a way to go through an Einstein-Rosen bridge, or close enough. There, that sounds better for his peace of mind.
It dredges up a snort of almost amusement from Tony. "Yeah."
"I like it," he says.
Tony chuckles, gulps down his whiskey in three swallows, then gestures at the bartender to give him more. "Could be."
"You too!" Tony replies, unable to stop the bounce in his step.
"I'm glad," Tony says. Embarrassingly enough, he then yawns so widely even as he tries to hide it with his elbow that it leaves him with tears in his eyes. "Sorry about that."
"No," Viv says, filling a syringe with formula and putting the rubber nipple at the end. "She just stepped out when you called."
It sounds pretty good and Steve hums thoughtfully.
"I knew you'd catch me," Steve says, eyes dancing. "I'm fine, it's okay."
"Are you sure?"
"No," Reed says. "The portal induces a suspended state of being."
"She says I am the one,"  he sings at the screwdriver, spins, then does a perfectly timed pelvic thrust. "But the kid is not my son."
"Okay, but which?"
"A word to your adoring fans before we take our leave?" Tony adds.
"That's what you do for a friend who's innocent, asshat!" Tony says as he reaches the wall of the control room. "I knew about it. Rhodey didn't, though, so yeah, maybe he would have taken offense. But that was a truly stupid, stupid plan. Get out of here, right now. We're bringing you in."
That makes Tony laugh. "Not exactly. But he arranged it so we'd feature on the front page of Popular Mechanics for the V8 engine I built at six. If I remember right, it gave the stocks quite a boost."
Tony's had sex with many people, and this kind of chemistry and instinctive understanding of a new partner is rare. But then again, he's not surprised—they've always moved well together on the battlefield. It's difficult to say how long Steve keeps Tony on the razor edge of coming; time is relative when so much is going on. But what’s certain is that Tony wants more. Now.
The smile that blooms on Tony's face is gorgeous. "Oh, good, fantastic. Me too. I mean, yeah, that works for me."
There is not a moment to lose, so Tony leans fully into his powers as he practiced with Carol on the trip over. He achieves binary mode in seconds, flames dancing down his arms and hands, and pushes against the wall. It rapidly heats up, becoming red and then white. Tony then presses into the softening metal with the tips of his fingers until he feels the coldness of the air inside the control room. That shit is thick, bomb proof indeed, but it's no match against the relentless intensity of focused cosmic energy. Tony pushes his hands apart, opening a hole in the surface. Fortunately he did it quickly, and by the time Zemo turns around, maybe sensing the heat, Tony has the space to fire a photon blast that knocks the gun out of his hand.
"Thank you."
Tony groans as he drops his forehead on Steve's shoulder. He didn't need to know that.
"Yikes."
"Yeah, I think so," Steve says and passes the bag to Tony, who's wordlessly asking for it. Steve jumps out of the garbage and Tony crouches on the pavement, ripping the bag open.
"Not that you'll get this, but I'll be back!" Tony adds before taking flight.
Tony is about to vibrate out of his skin with nerves now that he's alone with Steve, who has kept a gentle but firm hold on his hand.
Tony doesn't say that the chance of appearing near the Fantastic Four if they reach the same reality as they did is infinitesimal, but he figures Steve realizes that too.
Tony has a massive headache, and he's not in the mood to focus on that and be hit by the memory of his latest kidnapping.
"No. Are you ready?" Tony asks, kissing Snowball's head but talking to Steve, a smile curling his mouth. Goddamn. He's so gorgeous, it overwhelms Steve sometimes.
Tony almost laughs at the ridiculousness of it. "You don't get it. I need the gun! It's behind me!"
"Anyhow, as I said the other day, we lost that first battle. You fought Thanos in New York and then on a planet called Titan for the Time Stone, but he won it. Thanos meanwhile made a portal to Wakanda for the Mind Stone." He pauses, distracted and with a thousand-yard stare. "We couldn't stop him. He got the stone, snapped his fingers, and that was it. We all lost." After another beat, Steve turns to look at Tony again. "Carol rescued you and Nebula from space, almost starved to death. You were still so, so angry at me."
"Why are you surprised by this? Of course it would protect you! I've always built my armors like that. That’s how Rhodey got his first War Machine suit; there's no way he could have taken a suit if I hadn't allowed it."
"Good enough. I didn't have much of a choice. Nebula practically tucked me in."
"Mmm." Tony makes a face, as if he's considering it. "On one hand, that's terrible. But I really, really want you to shake my glow stick, so I'll allow it. Don't break it though."
A few minutes and a flight of stairs might not be a bother, after all. The first thing that Tony does when they reach Steve's bedroom is to light the oil lamp.
"Here, do you think you can hold this one too?" he asks Tony, offering the white kitten to him.
"Of course."
Tony sits against the headboard, and slowly and carefully, Steve does the same.
"Captain, huh? That must get confusing.”
"Oh no, I'm already in deficit in my allowance of calling you ridiculous!"
Tony mounted the top on hinges, and Steve's about to go walk over and open it to see the kittens, asleep or not, when Tony extends his arm and stops him.
"Ohhh, that bodes well. I love when -ah! When you get all bossy on me. Don't tease, though."
"Ah." Tony nods, conceding the point. He's not sure where Steve is going with this, though. "Go on."
"Thank you," Steve says. "I appreciate it." It makes the old man smile widely.
"Do they sell this stuff?" Carol asks after upending her shot.
"Music to my ears," Tony sing-songs. "Did you catch that FRIDAY?"
"Yep," Tony says, popping the "p" as he tilts his head up once more.
Tony scratches, and he scratches, and even tries an uneven pattern when Steve is oblivious and continues to turn the pages on his book.
The War Machine opens up and a second later Rhodey is jumping into his arms with a whoop of joy. His hug is tight and Tony is verklempt, tears coming to his eyes.
When the clock shows one-thirty and sleep still eludes him, Steve gives in and opens his new kitten app. There are the babies, sleeping soundly, and being their awfully cute selves. It's probably only because of his enhanced hearing, but Steve can hear the drum of the fake heartbeat, the swish of the water circulating, and sounds from the workshop.
"You did this."
Barnes huffs, but the corner of his mouth is twitching up. "How shocking."
"Good evening, Stark." It's the full moon, which bathes Tony in its soft glow, making him look younger than usual. He's gorgeous like this, especially when he smiles at Steve.
"Fine. Come on."
Peter raises his chin, defiant. "I can help. Are we still going to Germany?"
Tony is indeed in the Meeting Room, halfway out of his armor as he often is if not fighting, and still wearing that blue tank top that showcases his arms so well. He's typing on his computer, so absorbed by the information on the screen that he doesn't even hear Steve walk to him.
They stay silent for a minute and Tony's chest is constricting just thinking of it. God, not Natasha. They'd come a long way since she infiltrated Stark Industries, and he thought of her as the sister he never had. Steve looks shaken too.
"You said that the Krees would come to Earth either to get you or kill you. I won't let them."
Carol is silent for a beat before searching his face. "How about I bring you back to Earth?"
Tony shuts him up with another kiss. He knows the Starforce's tactics; they'll observe for a while before jetting to the surface. With all of his protests, Steve almost immediately yields and responds. They trade soft and unhurried kisses for long minutes, and it's fantastic. Tony wonders if he should push his luck for more until Wanda clears her throat when he grabs Steve's ass. Steve tries to pull away, but Tony shushes him. He pulls his hands up as if he got caught at a middle school dance though, and nuzzles Steve's neck.
Anthony sighs. "You're no fun."
"Fuck!" Tony exclaims. It's so good and he's on the brink in seconds.
"Hey, cuz, calm down," Tal says, trying to get in between them.
"I'll put the trash back in the bin. Could you find me a rag or an old t-shirt, something?"
That wipes the smile off Steve's face, who immediately appears contrite. "I know, I'm sorry."
"Got it in one."
Falcon and Rhodey fly in through the busted windows, guns and repulsors at the ready as they land. Their stances relax upon seeing them unharmed, plus with the Fantastic Four.
When Tony had deactivated Airplane mode, once in Geneva, he'd discovered a long series of messages. His wonderful Steve had written what he loved about Tony, about their relationship. How he'd always wait for him because Tony is the love of his life.
"There we go! Okay, so that's not my usual type of magic, so I hope you don't mind if I take my time making sure that I get it right."
The memory cuts and Anthony shakes his head as if more will fall out. This feels monumental, like one of the most important moments of his life, and he can only remember it through a machine made by the Skrulls. It's so frustrating.
"I'm fine, we both are," Steve says, inclining his head towards Tony. "This is Tony. He stumbled into a Hydra camp last night."
Maybe. Tony's not totally convinced; maybe lying low and playing stupid like they did with the Sovereign would be best. But they're here now, and they agreed to this mission before he lost his memories, so there’s little to do about Tony's doubts.
Steve winces. "Ah, no. Thor had to battle his sister—"
Tony's not even finished saying it when Steve hurtles over the edge, jolting in Tony's hold and coming all over his hand. It's as if it's been sucker-punched out of him, liberated by Tony's permission. He's had a fantastic week of sex with Tony and a lot of orgasms, but this one is particularly intense and satisfying.
"Not so fast. I said I thought it wasn't the best idea, but I do want you. I always want you."
"Okay, okay," Steve says indulgently, following him. "I can't dance, not really, but this looks like something I can do."
One benefit of getting closer to Steve had been the ability to read him like a book. Tony immediately knew he was telling the truth, but not all of it.
"They are so adorable," Wanda says, sitting by Steve's side. "I understand better why you go to the Tower so much."
Cora hops onto Tony’s shoulder as Lilly returns to Steve, and they rise too. Frigga extends her hands to them both, and they clasp them lightly in their own and bow. She’s smiling fondly at them.
"And they say romance is dead."
Anthony huffs. "Not playing, fixing."
"If I were you, Tal, I'd worry more about blond-and-buff over there," Jarons the croupier says, entertained. "He's plotting your demise as we speak."
"She looks so much like you," Steve adds so fondly.
"Yes, unfortunately," Frigga says. "The reverse is also true."
"I know. Also Midgard is not ready for a creature as majestic as you," Thor adds with a little shake.
And ouch, there it is. JARVIS is gone—that's the confirmation, and it feels callous that it hurts just as badly as learning about Natasha.
"Yes, Rhodes, of course," Steve says, looking earnest. "I'm sorry I didn't take more time to explain."
"So, where were we?"
"I thought the tech was so beneath you it didn't deserve your gaze."
"Yeah. Just finished. It's crude, but has way more effective thermoregulation," Tony says. "I didn't want to wake them up in the transfer, but we can put them in after the next feeding."
He's about to reach for her when she stands up on slightly shaky legs and stumbles towards his outstretched hand with determination. Steve's jaw drops.
"I'll try to be more careful?" Tony offers.
Steve is whistling as he takes out the groceries he just bought when Tony shuffles into the kitchen. He's adorably rumpled and the marks on his face tell an obvious story.
"Jeez," Tony says gruffly, squeezing Steve's hand in reassurance. "Of course. I'd never want you dead, Cap, and I'd be grateful to find you again too."
Until now they've called them ‘the babies’ and other endearments like ‘darling’ and ‘sweetheart’, but there’s been no semblance of names apart from ‘the white one’ and ‘the black one’.
Steve's smile widens. "Nice to see you too, Pepper."
The thought is there and then gone when Tony remembers that no, Pepper won't care because they broke up. Maybe it's the exhaustion, but he forgot for a second.
Cora takes flight, going towards the bathroom while Lilly chirps happily from her perch. Tony looks at them go with fondness and then turns back to Steve. Their daemons are not far enough for it to trigger an anxiety response, and Tony has more pleasurable things on his mind while they are out of sight, anyway.
There's a numeric keyboard, two arrows pointing away from each other (towards the right and the left of the device), and, at the top, a small display that currently discloses '15920'. Having no idea what the numbers mean, and what he'd need to type to go back home, Tony pushes the arrow aiming towards the left. Hopefully it's to backtrack to the previous universe the remote has been into.
"You're not making any sense."
"That is true," Hildr says, smug.
"Me, too."
"Baby, don't you want to go say hello to DUM-E too?"
"Sorry about that," Steve says. "I knew I'd heard something. What's your name?"
"A promise is a promise!"
As for Tony's vampire identity, since Steve realized who he was at the window and judging by the pile of books on the table that feature his kind, he figured it out too. Tony crawls closer to the mess and there are old spell books, newer ones, reference material on the supernatural and vampires, and even novels and DVD cases. If Bram Stoker's Dracula and Nosferatu are, even with all their faults, classics, Tony can't help but snort when he sees Twilight and Interview With The Vampire. He throws a disbelieving look at Steve, who has pinked up.
"Hey, I must have a phone too!"
“Okay, okay,” Tony says, raising his hands in surrender. He wasn’t fishing for compliments; this is embarrassing. “Got it, they’re good birds.”
"In the flesh. Here," Steve says, extending a paper bag with bacon cheeseburgers and fries to Tony, who takes it without a fuss. That he's learned to trust Steve enough to take things directly from his hand is still a thrill, a year in.
"So they use bottles now?" Steve says, moving to stand next to Tony, who's filling the bottles up.
"There was a vote at the UN to pass the Accords a few days ago, presented by T'Chaka, king of Wakanda. A bomb blew up as the session started, killing the king. All signs point to Barnes. Ross wanted to bring him down, so Steve went rogue to go protect him."
"Are you into it? Kink?" Steve asks. He's watched porn, but never checked out the harder stuff. Didn't really care for it, honestly.
"You knew four months ago and you didn't tell me?"
"I can imagine," Tony says with a wince. The horror of being used as a weapon is hard to understand. "Look, I feel bad for him, I do. But I'm not sure I'll be able to face him, not until I can wrap my head around this."
be this sorry. Oh, he's still angry. So angry. But seeing Steve this miserable also breaks his heart. He’s in over his head. Stupid of him to think this was just a little crush.
"Yeah?" he asks again, but a smile is blossoming on his face now, wide and happy. It makes Tony's stomach do somersaults.
"Okay," Tony says, reaching for the portal.
That's sweet, but something Tony can't guarantee. Heck, it's the whole reason he broke up with Pepper after the Battle of New York.
"I've missed you too. So much," Tony says, kissing his cheek. "Everyone seems okay with the cats, right?" Tony asks, looking towards the patio door.
"What the hell, Rogers," he murmurs.
"Rhodey."
"Okay, time to go make sure the Iantusians are still our BFFs."
"What's the end goal?" Tony asks Nebula.
"He's very fond of you.”
Clearly, Rhodey isn't immune to them, as he sighs. "Fine. As long as you stay back and only web from afar, if needed, as we discussed."
"I'm fine," Tony lies. He has a lot of practice pretending to be, though, which is what he’ll do.
Tony has unwanted images of Steve and Bucky now living in Steve's apartment, reunited at last, and... it makes him sad and not just a little jealous, he won't lie.
"It's important that you all follow the plan." Yon-Rogg looks at everyone in the team, but his gaze stops on Anthony purposefully.
No objection there, Steve's been feeling trapped in his jeans since the start of this conversation. When his pants are down his thighs with his boxers, Steve goes to fist his dick—he's so hard!—but Tony stops him, tutting.
The Sovereign are assessing them right back, that much is clear. In his previous life, Tony might have showboated about the Avengers' accomplishments, especially the win against Thanos. Heck, having the bigger stick than the other guy and only having to fire once was his motto for a long time. Now? He's trying to make Earth seem uninteresting and feeble.
It's a relief. There was always a chance that Tony's true identity and his long and tumultuous life would prove too weird for Steve. But this is good, very good.
Tony knows that the omission doesn't solely rest on Steve, even though he's been the one catching up Tony until now.
Maybe it's different with Earth daemons, who are so rarely corporeal that they just don't care about those rules once they have a body.
"Again, plausible."
"Hey, hey, hey," Tony shushed, rubbing up and down Steve's arm. "You can tell me anything, you know that."
Tony sure is. He hasn't been a bat for this long in all of his life, and he's more than ready to shift. Since he doesn't want to end up on the table—which would be undignified and make a mess—Tony flies to the floor and looks up at Steve. The move surprises him, but he understands immediately.
"I'll make certain of it. See you in a couple of days," Bruce says. "Have fun!"
"Oh no," he says out loud. "That's not ominous at all!"
Let's just say his fiancé has a gift for hyperbole. It was Tony's cue, who flew over and made a showy Iron Man landing between War Machine Captain America.
"That's it," Steve encourages, mouthing at Tony's neck now. He sucks right over Tony's carotid, hard, and the idea of being marked by Steve makes Tony buck up.
"What the hell, Stevie?" Barnes adds, only a step behind. Tony notes how he's clutching his rifle, though he relaxes after assessing that Steve isn't in danger.
"I don't doubt it," he says when he tears his gaze away to look at Tony's eyes again. "But you can't be at full strength with what just happened. I can help."
"You bet it was."
Then he'll go back home, before the sun rises, leaving them both with the memory of an enjoyable moment. Simple, easy, and clean.
"Don't act like a puppy with me," Tony says, though he admits it could be cute in a different context. "I just saw you kill five men."
"I recorded it for posterity, alongside your choreography. Should I contact Spike for a spot on Lip Sync Battle?"
Steve sounds unsure. "Maybe we can just leave for the ship."
"Yeah, it's hotter in there, 75 degrees as recommended by the vet," Tony says. "They like to sleep in it, without this big weirdo looming right over their heads." DUM-E droops at that.
"Honey, can you hold this for me for safekeeping, just a second?" Tony takes the ring off and gives it to Steve, who blinks in surprise. "And please stand back."
Zemo frowns and clicks his tongue. "I lost everyone. And so will you."
Curious, Tony glances behind himself and it's his turn to gape. A man who looks just like Steve, though with longer hair and a sheriff's star, is approaching with long strides. Not that he's paying them any mind.
"Wow, she still has an appetite, huh?" Steve says.
"I need to think about it some more," Steve says, picking his little girl up. She's started squirming, and it's almost time for her meal.
"The perks of being Tony Stark, baby. Oh, ah! Yes, that's good."
. The misery in Barnes's eyes.
"Isn't he compromised, when it comes to Vers?" Anthony asks.
"Steve told me what you did." Not the ideal opening; it's a tad too aggressive, but it's to the point and without ambiguity.
"True," Tony admits. Steve didn't announce what he was, but didn't hide it either. Much.
Tony doesn't get it because his own skin is the right hue. Hell, Steve looks fine too, from the blue of his irises to the gold of his hair. Whatever the problem with Tony's vision is, it's selective.
"Look at that nerd," Jim says, passing his phone around.
Frigga nods. “Yes. They are Holy birds and bring information from all over the world to Odin. Huginn means ‘thought’, and Muninn ‘memory’ or ‘mind’. For some, crows also represent change or transformation, destiny, intelligence, higher perspective, being fearless and audacious, flexibility, adaptability—“
"Howdy, boys!" she exclaims.
"You like me? Like that?" Tony asks anyway.
Steve helps the cleaning crew with the debris on the top floor of Avengers Tower for a few hours before taking a break. It's only fair to help clear up the rubbles from the mess Giant-Girl caused at the start of the battle (the latter not helping any with the destruction, of course). Not that Janet did anything wrong! It was a good call to grow right through the launch bay doors in order to catch the floating school the gang of super villains used to come at them earlier. Hell, Steve had been very worried that it was full of kids, too.
"What now?"
"Come with me," Thor says.
"You do, my girl, you do," he says with affection.
"You taught me a long time ago," Nebula says, which explains it.
"Do you want to see something funny?" Tony asks.
"I'm so sorry.”
Tony can't look away from the pure mind-boggling sight of Knowhere through the cockpit window. He read the intel prepared by Carol and Nebula on the mining outpost so in theory he knew what to expect, but there's a difference between words on a screen and actually seeing the gigantic decapitated head of a Celestial floating in space. Clearly, it's the same for Steve.
Rhodey nods, expression serious. "It tracks."
And that's the beauty of it, isn't it? They're safe here in Steve's bedroom, with no need to worry if they'll get caught. He won't, at least not today, but Steve could keep Tony on the edge all night.
"Thanks for the help. I'll call for a foster placement," Doctor Martin says.
"Let me guess." Yon-Rogg crosses his arms over his chest. "You lost track of time while playing with some gimmick."
"Okay, okay." Steve raises his hands in surrender. Then his voice turns cheeky. "For now."
"I still want to go," Peter interrupts. "Please?" God, the puppy eyes are lethal.
"Callie, on the other hand…" Tony says, smirking.
"And this is worth it for you, huh?" Mechanic-Tony asks.
The more the evening advanced, the more he's been encroaching on Tony's personal space. A slightly inebriated Steve is a touchy-feely one, it seems. Not that it's been unpleasant, far from it.
"Terrific."
"Wow, you're just putting that out there, huh?" Tony says. It is admittedly brave as fuck. And pretty thrilling, even though Tony's heart is too bruised for him to think about romance or sex at the moment.
But Steve doesn't, at least for now. He simply turns towards the television after eating another handful and they watch the movie together in easy companionship.
"No, indulge me," Steve says.
Steve smiled as their eyes met. "Hey, you. Good nap?"
There's a fleeting look of shock that passes over Steve's face, but it soon morphs to pure joy. "Me too. I love you so much, Tony."
That's not what happened at all, but the actual story—that he got himself stuck and they found them by total accident—is embarrassing. Tony hates looking stupid, especially in front of Richards. He throws a warning look at Steve, who surprises him with a smooth lie of omission.
"Have a nice day, Tony!"
"How did I end up in the hospital anyway?"
"Yes Sir!" Peter exclaims with a serious nod, straightening.
"That's enough, boys," Natasha says. "One drop on me, and I drown the culprit."
"It's all right, buddy," Tony says with the little breath he has left, tapping Thor's back. The hug doesn't abate. "I'm fine. It's great to see you too."
It's a pleasant thing to learn.
"I'll await your permission, then." The sarcasm in Friday’s tone is almost subtle.
Natasha skewers one of the many olives of her Martini with a toothpick. "A year, give or take."
But they're here for a reason. Rhodey needs to bring in at a minimum Steve, Sam, and Barnes. And the latter two are currently out of sight. Tony, who couldn't resist suiting up with Iron Man—he might have had amnesia, but he definitely missed being armored up—asks JARVIS to find them using the security cameras. They shouldn't be far.
Carol is smirking and Steve looks flushed as he takes back the phone. But there's no time to analyze that. Tony's still fixated on a talking raccoon and a sentient tree.
"Or maybe a shelter?" Steve adds as he throws the last of the garbage back in the bin. The ASPCA is further up the Upper East Side, but there must be something closer.
"But when I said I could help, earlier, I had something else in mind." Steve is ruffling the hair at the back of his head, unsure of Tony's reaction. "I mean, if you want. Just a suggestion."
"He asked his gang to finish and humiliate us, then said the public should see that the Avengers are all too-human. I inferred his own ego was his weakness."
"And what if I am?" she replies.
On the screen, Tony is not revolutionizing the industry of incubators for small animal fostering, but has resumed working on War Machine's boot. Steve smiles, irrationally happy that it has nothing to do with the kittens. By Tony's elbow, DUM-E keeps turning his camera towards the incubator, though he doesn't roll closer. It's not subtle at all, and Tony eventually relents.
It's a good point.
"Reed was conducting his research when Electro bursted in the lab. I made a force field bubble to protect us from his lightning bolts, but it unfortunately touched the portal window, and it sucked all of us right in."
"Yeah. Slightly ahead of schedule," Steve says, glancing sideways at him. "I hoped that this trip would bring us closer."
"They saw the vet?" Steve asks, scooping Callie up. It's crazy how much she's grown; she's approximately three times larger than the size they were when Steve and Tony first found them. She's still tiny, though, and thoroughly adorable.
"What?" He wasn't expecting the hold up and frowns.
He makes a circular gesture and a shiny magical shield takes form, held on his arm. It isn't in yellow runes like what Stephen conjures, but red, white, and blue, with a star in the middle. Curious, Tony approaches his hand, but it's a robust force field that he can't even reach. It's been a long time that he's met a young wizard with this much power in his spells.
Tony's white hospital shirt is still unbuttoned, and Steve presses the device right onto his skin. It immediately sticks to his chest as if it's mounted on a magnet, and a shiver tickles the back of Tony's brain. It's hard to describe; it's more a concept than a clear thought, but it's… potential, possibilities. A lot of them, maybe endless; it almost gives him vertigo.
"Eh," Steve says with a shrug. "Come on, eat up." He unwraps one of his own burgers and takes a big bite.
It had chilled Steve to the core. No joke or teasing, his first name, and a heartfelt cry for assistance? It sounded very serious.
"You'll see them later," Steve says. "This place allows only one visitor at a time."
"Tony, are you okay?" Steve's blue eyes are wide and worried as he reaches for the side of the helmet.
"I'll go with you."
"Do you... do you think..." Steve starts haltingly, searching Tony with his big soulful blue eyes. "Can you ever forgive me?"
Tony blinks at him. "I told you."
"Is that so," Tony says. He still thinks two captains must be confusing, and it's true that he can't imagine himself using Cap for anyone else but Steve. "Then what do I call you nowadays? Is Capsicle still in use?"
"And I loved every minute," Tony says, giving Steve a quick kiss.
Carol whistles. "Okay, so that's a bold move. Maybe you're not so rich anymore."
"I hear you," Barnes says. "But I still did it, and I can never make it right. Also, I'm sorry about what it did to you two," he adds, glancing to Tony's left at Steve.
"It's good to see you too!" Steve says. "You had us worried, at home."
"Of course." The armor is a part of him, and all the Avengers know how he feels about people taking his stuff without consent. Which brings another question to mind. He points at the reactor now in Steve's big hand. "It responds to you too, right?"
For at least the tenth time since he left the Compound, Steve wonders if visiting Tony at the former Avengers Tower without prior warning is a good idea. Steve wasn't lying when he said that he'd miss Tony when he quit the Avengers after Ultron; he does fiercely. Tony had kept sporadic contact since, but it’s not enough for Steve's taste. It’s not something he can control, though, apart from initiating a few text conversations or hoping to catch Tony when he visited upstate. Tony has been gone for months, but he's been isolating more than usual for three weeks now.
"Who's there? Thor?" he cries out.
Laughing, Tony nods. "Right, right. What about the Maldives? I have a private island. No distraction, just us."
Tony squints at her. Some memories are coming back, though clearly it's the dark and traumatic ones first. It makes sense that they'd be the most vivid. But everything else is very patchy.
"You can call me Steve, you know."
"That Kree dude who kidnapped Carol," Rhodey says with a frown.
"She jumped in!" Wanda says, and giggles as the kitten swims around.
"See that you are," Steve says, amused. He's a lot more relaxed than he was earlier, for which Tony congratulates himself. "We should watch-"
"Thank you."
Tony elbows Steve teasingly.
Throughout the feeding, Tony keeps calling the black kitten – and Steve's in addition – a steady string of possible names, as if she'll respond.
"Okay. I trust you," he says, which is huge. Maybe even more important than another four-letter word. Steve's in love and he knows it, and hopefully Tony will get there too.
"Okay."
"It's good to have you back, son." Fury squeezes Tony's shoulder, which makes him verklempt, he won't lie. Steve probably knows, because it's his turn to squeeze Tony's hand in comfort. "So, I understand we might have an impending Kree problem?"
"I always wondered what your daemons would look like." Thor is grinning, sitting on the ground with a lapful of a massive lioness with wings. She's purring and rubbing on him, so clearly not a foe, there's that.
"I could do it? Yeah, I can do it," Tony says. Of course he'd want to take care of the babies; it's clear he's already attached.
DUM-E is guarding the door when Steve reaches the lab. He then rolls towards the table where the incubator is set and trills approvingly as Steve follows.
the man's voice demands. Curious too, Anthony tries to focus on the image, but it's hard.
Steve smiles, proud of himself.
Thor! That sounds right. The man walks with him to a table where a blue cube glows.
"No, just a second. This is cool. You can look at it all you want later."
"Got it!" Steve immediately fires inside the casino. "Thank you."
Tony waves it off. "The least I could do. You keep doing good work. And thank the man with the bulldog; his visit is on me, with whatever he wants to buy for the pooch. I also owe him 500 bucks, and it’s best if I transfer it to him, since I don't have cash on me." He scribbles something on a card and gives it to Viv. "Ask him to email his name and address here. FRIDAY will take care of it."
"Hey, look at that!" He looks so pleased.
No death, but a terribly lonely life for sure.
The infant grins around his fist as he watches Tony, shaking his leg playfully. When the movement makes his tiny sock slip off his foot, Tony carefully pushes it back up. The boy looks healthy, happy even, and not hurt or in danger at all.
"I'm sorry we're keeping you from your regular patients," Steve says. They did barge in and commandeer this man's time.
Okay, so Carol is easily recognized, which plays right into their plan, but she could have mentioned she was on a first-name basis with the bouncer. Who looks like Chewie. Tony gives a mental command to his very cool glasses to film the guy, as it's imperative he shows Rhodey. But then again, FRIDAY has standing orders to record everything from this op.
They wordlessly all decide to follow, and Peter grabs the now empty pan and mugs. Steve is last in line to reach the house after Tony, who stops at the door, letting it close behind Peter. Before Steve can ask if there's something wrong, Tony has turned to face him and Steve finds himself lost for words at the affection in his eyes. When Tony grabs the ends of Steve's blue scarf to pull him down, he inexorably follows the movement until their lips meet, powerless to resist. And why would he? It's everything Steve wants, and a burst of joy that feels like fireworks goes off in his chest while his ears are ringing with their metaphorical explosions.
He hopes he looks pitiful enough through video chat to sway Steve and keep him on the call for a few more precious minutes.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony interrupts, annoyance flashing bright for a second. "Same song, different verse."
Curious, Steve leans in, and sees a picture of Tony with a big grin, holding the two kittens under his chin. Sam meant the cats were cute – and they are, the two of them with their blue eyes opened now – but Tony is gorgeous.
, Steve thinks as he refrains a shudder.
It's tentative at first, but Tony angles Steve's head just right to take control and the kiss rapidly becomes more heated. After a few fleeting touches, belying his hesitation, Steve's hands settle on Tony's hips. They fit together effortlessly, trading deep and wet kisses that make Tony wish for a lot more.
Right behind her is another… woman? Or android, maybe, since she clearly has mechanical parts. She's dressed in burgundy leather, but the most remarkable thing is that her skin is at least two shades of deep blue. She has no hair, and her intense black eyes are now fixated on Tony.
"You better show Steve a good time, that's all I'm saying!"
He's interrupted when a tall man with sunglasses, a puff coat with the collar popped up, and a beanie opens the door. He strolls in as if he owns the place, and Tony immediately recognizes Fury by the way he holds himself.
Tony would gladly go on living like this if it wasn't for the constant sense of impending doom. It's a lot more tangible than the anticipation that has buzzed at the back of Tony's head since New York, and it brings its own stress. Tony considered continuing to appear dead to the rest of the world; the lack of expectation is pretty freeing, but it's counter-productive for the Lure-the-Kree plan. There is a very high chance that Kree sleeper cell agents are already on Earth, and that they'll report Tony's return to the Supreme Intelligence. And there are the Avengers to think of as well, so even if the assholes don't come back immediately, something big will happen at one point that will require Tony's help.
"Not at all," Steve says.
Tony braces his arms on the back of the tube as Rhodes gets in position. "Fine. Ready, Sugar Bear?"
"You want to see the babies again?" he asks. DUM-E chirps with enthusiasm. "Fine. Easy does it, like last time."
His answer makes no sense.
"The story is very similar for the both of us, so there's that," Tony says.
"Duty calls?" Tony asks.
"We've heard of you," the high priestess says, giving Carol a considering once-over. She's probably the only human who registered as a threat, pre-Thanos.
It would be great to see Thor.
"Of course I want you!" Steve exclaims. He looks heartbreakingly sincere. "God, you have no idea. But not like this. Not when you don't remember everything that happened."
"That's high praise, Bodhi, I am honored!" Tony says. "Everyone, meet Snowball and Princess Bella Calliope."
"I've never felt so strong. Your blood is a gift, love."
It makes both Carol and Steve laugh.
"Because." Steve takes a big breath, and finally goes on. "Because I'm meant to find you. May it be in the future or as a cowboy in the past, somehow it has to happen."
Everyone present watches as Carol lowers herself slowly to the ground.
Frigga’s smile widens. “A charmer, I see.”
"Don't move, asshole," Tony says as he makes the hole big enough to pass through.
After a moment getting his breath back while hiding his face in Tony's neck, Steve pulls up to look at him in wonder.
"Of course," Reed says. "Ben, Jonny, grab Electro."
"You're serious," Tony says after a few seconds, aghast. That amount of destruction isn’t even comprehensible. "Half? Of everything?"
"They made it a bigger deal than it had to be, it was just a basic motherboard. Don't get me wrong, though, it was fun."
She's in Steve's bubble, a hand now on his shoulder. He might look perfectly fine with the attention to any strangers looking, but Tony wants to laugh at the way Steve's ears are pinking up.
Five of the eight soldiers have blue skin, and they all wear black, green, and silver uniforms that are the same design as Carol's, star on the chest included. This is a coordinated attack.
"Oh God, yes," Steve says, starting to pull out and push in, giving into his need. Tony is all in favor as it feels amazing.
"He's good with tech, like you," Nebula says. Even she looks amused. "Smartass. Loud. You two keep butting heads."
"Oh my God, are you okay?"
DUM-E does a nice little spin and trills.
After a tearful call to Pepper and a heartfelt reunion with Happy and Natasha, who'd hugged Tony for a long time, they'd set course to Europe. Rhodey reasoned it was best for him to talk sense into Steve and his gang first.
"Why do you have a personal letter?" Rhodes asks, looking at Tony with disapproval. "And why did you open it? That's a crime."
"Great! And you can stay as long as you want!"
"Have I told you how much I love you today?" Steve asks once they slip under the sheets and tangle together.
"No, I can pay."
"On it."
"Oh, I will. Get ready, Stark."
And fine, maybe Tony intentionally paid a couple of drinks to Colonel Phillips, who also frequently appears adjacent to Captain America information. Unfortunately, Phillips played stupid when Tony tried to ask about him. But the Colonel gave Tony the mail, including among others an envelope with Phillip's wife's name on it. When Tony had seen "Dernier" in the lot, it was too much of a temptation. He's always been weak for a good mystery.
"Who are you?” Memory-Anthony asks, which makes little sense.
"Oh my God, Cora, are you okay?" it says, because it can talk too.
Tony has rarely felt so energized, thrumming with power as he straightens up. He happily takes in how relaxed Steve is, eyes glazed over as he pants for breath. His blond hair is sticking up every which way, his lips bruised from the earlier kissing, and the four dots on his neck make something proprietary flare in Tony's gut.
The captain rapidly covers his fear with an eye roll. "You're supposed to be in the training room. Yon-Rogg is pissed you're late again."
Instead of tipping the glass and bringing it close for Tony to lean into, he dips his free index finger in the water and then brings next to Tony's face.
Said with a wink and fuck, fuck, fuck, those words are stirring something in Anthony's mind (and his stomach too, he's hungry it seems). An image appears on the screen of the machine he's hooked up to. A brightly colored red, yellow, and blue logo on the white paper wrapped around what looks like a sandwich. He's staring at it in disbelief—his brain feels like the traitor here, disclosing information that Anthony doesn't even understand—which makes Vers turn to have a look at the monitor.
"Yes, Sam went to get your suit and shield. We'll pick you up on the tower's helipad, ETA 20 minutes," Natasha says.
"It's a lot of work, Mr. Stark," the doctor says gently. "Newborns need to be fed every two hours, day and night. They need to be kept at the right temperature, because they can't regulate their own. I don't recommend it for a first foster experience."
"They'll want this one back," she says, pointing at Tony. "Or to kill us both. I'm pretty sure they're regrouping and will be on their way shortly."
Steve huffs, disgruntled. "I'm stronger than you think."
Tony blinks, then his eyes widen, mouth falling open. "Me?"
"Really?" The Skrull's tone is full of disbelief.
"Tony? Are you okay?" he asks, keeping his voice low. It's the middle of the night, after all.
“It’s an honor, Your Majesty,” Steve says.
"Come on, I'll give you two a lift."
"Looks like it, yes," Steve says. "Probably didn't plan on facing me while fully shifted."
"His brother, Loki?" the Skrull asks.
"Yes. It was fun, no? I loved hearing about your inventions."
"I don't think whoever that is will stop calling," Tony says, putting Callie back in the box.
"I sure hope you know what you're doing," Steve says.
She does a small salute with her fingers to her eyebrow, but seems oddly nervous (as far as Tony can tell, he's known her for five days).
"Tired, old man?" Cora approaches to pull on his hair.
"JARVIS, do you have the armor's last configuration stored in memory?" he asks.
"No dog and pony show for her." Tony is pleased about his, and most likely Pepper's, life choices. "So you met her not that long ago then."
Tony raises his eyebrows. "You'd prefer it if I freaked out? Like when I thought you were about to eat me?"
"You do have a phone," Steve says. "Let's go get it. It's in your room."
"Wow," Steve breathes out as he leans in to rest their foreheads together once they break for air.
"How are you feeling?" Tony asks, cupping Steve's cheek and peering into his eyes. "Are you hungry? Thirsty? Do you want to lie down?"
Another record scratch.
"Great job, everyone," Steve says. He's as high on endorphins as they are.
The fight has an air of a Wild West saloon fight from the Spaghetti Westerns Tony's mother loved so much. Maria Stark was a woman of contradictions: she was perfectly polished and poised when out in society, not a hair out of place and classically dressed. But once in a while she'd let her not-so-hidden fiery nature shine at home. Tony loved when his mom would make popcorn and they'd sneakily watch those old movies, just the two of them; Maria always shouted at the television during shootouts between the good and bad guys. He likes to think it would have thrilled Maria to see him—and she may have even cheered him on too—in an all-out brawl in a casino-slash-stripper-joint in space.
Tony sighs. "I know. I had a drink with Colonel Phillips, and he was grumbling about how the men from the Army Post Office hadn't reached them for a few weeks. When I told him we were going back to London, he gave me the mail so that it would travel faster."
Steve huffs. "I know, right? Enough to feel irrelevant."
Tony hums. “I suppose it makes sense that mine is a symbol of bad news and death.”
"Natasha Stark, the Iron Woman," Reed says.
"Do we know each other, from Earth?" And now Anthony's talking as if he believes her. Wanted or not, it
"Sure you are. It looks as if you've been through some shit since we met in Colorado Springs," Carol says.
"You could spend the weekend with us?" Tony offers, making Steve's heart sing.
"It will be fine, Tony."
That would just let them slide for a few more meters, but Steve does as asked and squeezes beside Tony.
Bucky. Who does that but an exceptional man?
The boy sounds amazing. Tony already has a soft spot and he wonders if he became attached as quickly the first time he met Peter.
"All right," Steve says as Jim leaves them for the moment. He can't stop smiling; this is going to be fun.
"You've said that before," she says with a smirk.
Which leaves Tony with Steve. Considering what Tony realized earlier on the dance floor, it might be a golden opportunity, or on the contrary, the making of a disaster of epic proportions. But then Tony's body cuts into the overthinking as he yawns again. He's truly beat. All he wants right now is to go to sleep.
"Oh Jesus," Natasha says, before briefly covering her mouth and throwing a look at Thor, then inhaling slowly and looking back at Steve. "I'm sorry, this is a lot. I didn't expect you to go this traditional on me, Sunshine, but then again I'm also not surprised and I love it. You, Steve Rogers, are everything I ever hoped for too. I feel as if I've loved you my entire life. Your heart is my home and your arms my shelter. You are my better half and my very best friend. I take you, Steve Rogers, on this day before men and gods alike, as my beloved husband. Whatever the universe throws at us, I swear I will love you and cherish you until my very last breath. I am forever yours."
The screen explodes with a sharp memory: there is a lanky man with a staff in his hand, wearing a green and gold suit of armor, including a cape and a helmet with curved golden horns. He's fighting a well-built man in a red, white, and blue uniform and cowl who holds a round shield in the same colors featuring a star. This person makes Anthony's heart race as much in the memory—as evidenced by a counter in the display before his eyes—than in the present. Anthony is seeing the scene through an interface that analyzes every source of potential danger, zeroing in on the man with the horns. He's flying while blasting loud music, firing a double shot from his hands towards the threat and making him fall to the ground. After landing with one knee and one fist down, Memory-Anthony rises to his feet. He then aims his red and gold armored arms palms up toward the man, and deploys an array of other weapons.
That's not much. Whatever happened, it's bound to upset him. It’ll be a distraction from the visit itself, which isn’t the best idea considering he’s already at a disadvantage with his memory loss.
The guy is cute, with nice shoulders and striking purple eyes and short black hair. He also looks about twenty-five years old in human age, and Tony is flattered but not interested. By his side, Nebula is squinting at the newcomer, distrustful. It's tempting to look back at the alcove to see if Steve has noticed and how he's reacting to the situation, but Tony doesn't dare.
okay? God."
Steve keeps Tony cradled in a hand to his chest, and, as expected, he smells wonderful. Once sat at the table, which is covered with books, he seems flummoxed, looking from the glass he just filled with water to Tony.
"Why would I stop?" Drunk-Tony asks as he taps the white horse's shoulder. The mustache look isn't Tony's favorite, to be quite honest. "Star likes my singing, Sheriff."
He grabs Tony's face with both hands and tilts it up, wipes a tear that has rolled on Tony's cheek with his thumb and brings him in a deep kiss. He makes it as life affirming as he can, strong and sure.
Clint chuckles. "Pretty sure he's fucking with you, yeah."
"Neat."
"Like cockroaches." Carol bares her teeth in a sneer.
Using Tony coming back, Carol's presence, Zemo and the Siberia super soldiers, and Steve's cooperation as leverage, as well as Fury's influence, Rhodey negotiated with the United Nations. It led to the creation of a committee dedicated to an extensive rework of the Sokovia Accords. Even better, they took their responsibility away from Thaddeus Ross to give it to T'Challa, which made the former spitting mad (a nice bonus).
"As I said, it's complicated. Thor killed Thanos when we found him again, but Thanos destroyed the stones before we got there. It took us several years to come up with a plan, but basically we went back in time and picked up the six stones before him."
"Sorry. You surprised me."
"Your friends have terrible timing," Tony says.
He's so flustered that Tony is embarrassed for him. He puts his palms over his face to block out the scene. "Good God."
"Electric socket look?" Tony says.
"I need to know everything."
"You couldn't have known," Tony says. He's calmed down enough to go sit back on the bed. "Tell me they didn’t manage to make more super soldiers with Howard's formula."
Steve's begging and pleading, humping up and Tony magnanimously slides forward to grind his sadly clothed ass against Steve's hard cock. He wants him so much, and can't wait for them to do this naked, fusional in every way. It's going to be fantastic if a simple feeding feels so good. The new stimulation makes Steve go frantic and irregular in his thrusts, bucking under Tony, until he shouts and comes in his pajama pants. It's difficult for Tony to pace himself, he's already addicted to the richness of Steve's blood. But even though the wizard has a robust constitution, Tony has to be careful not to exaggerate. With reluctance, he withdraws his fangs from Steve's neck and firmly presses his tongue against the punctures to close the wounds and stop the flow.
"You know these assholes?" Tony asks.
"But… You said I didn’t have a girl back home!" Tony exclaims.
Understandable.
"And I went right to it."
"Good thinking, hold it up," Tony asks.
. Those wrinkles and gray hair don't lie; they’re concrete proof that Tony lost an entire decade. He must have made a sound of distress because Steve knocks on the door.
Tony frowns. "Can't you do it here?"
Steve moves to get up too.
Kol, on the other hand, is enraged. His face has turned brick red, and he stands up abruptly, pointing at Tony in anger.
"Why so angry, Kol?" Tony asks, because he's attempting to hit Tony again, now aiming at Tony’s head. As it often happens with an emotional fighter, Kol is predictable. It's easy to block every blow, and for the moment Tony isn't trying to end the fight and just pushes him around a little. It's clearly insulting to Kol so win-win. "If you wanted to dance, you just had to ask nicely. No need to say lies about me."
"Other me is not as drunk as he pretends."
"Well, I'm not surprised it does," Tony declares. He climbs back onto his hospital bed, leaning on the pillows. The enormity of the situation, everything he's missing, is solidifying. "Eleven years," he says out loud, to test how it sounds again. If there's someone who can relate, it's Steve. "It's nothing compared to your seventy, but…"
And that, more than anything, makes Tony pause. Maybe there's more potential in starting something with Steve than he first thought.
He puts the end of the small nipple in the kitten's mouth, and immediately the white kitten reacts by stretching her front paws with kneading motions, swallowing eagerly.
His mother and the Jarvises drilled him from a very young age with the rules of etiquette in high society. It's highly cultural; who knows if he'll make a faux pas with an alien civilization. But there are basic rules that he figures he can't go wrong with. Throughout the meal, which has several courses, Tony always waits until they serve High Priestess Ayesha before imitating her and reaching for the correct utensils. He also never eats before her. Tony could be smoother but is intentionally a little clumsy, like a child at the adults’ table. He's certain that they’ve noticed his efforts when he catches the high priestess's right-hand man scoffing at him. Good. Let him take them for backwater hicks. He doesn't know if the others realized the game he's playing, but Tony is pleased to see that Carol and Steve are following his lead.
That's a good point. "I'd agree with you if the guy and his family hadn't disappeared. Maybe they're stuck in one of these realities, but with no remote."
"Could you turn on the water? And put bubbles in? The faucet is too hard for us to turn!"
Tony is so relieved he's on the verge of tears again, but happy ones this time. He knew he could count on Steve. He looks on as Steve runs out of his bedroom and by the sound of it jumps down the set of stairs. It's fainter after that, but Tony's sensitive hearing picks up lots of muttering, page-turning, and declarations about how Steve has got this.
"Hey sweetheart. Are you okay?"
"Talos is close to a solution to completely disable the controller in your spine. Mine was less sophisticated. I guess they learned something there."
"I'll check my books, I read about something like this," Steve adds with a decisive nod. "It's going to be fine."
"Yeah?" he stupidly asks when Tony pulls away. It's nonetheless the most important question in the world.
hitting on me, wasn't he?"
"Oh, even better." Zemo smiles and doesn't look half as shocked as he should be at Tony's appearance. "I'm sure you could get to me, Mr. Stark. Given time. But then you'd never know why I made you come here."
"He followed you to Titan but was in the fifty percent culled. I think that was the hardest for you to deal with out of everything that happened. It's the first thing you said to me, after not seeing each other for two years. That you lost the kid."
"Killed Thanos. And his army." Tony says with a shrug.
"Yeah, okay." Carol elbows his side playfully. "Sorry about grabbing you like that and forcing all of that stuff out in the open. You almost took me out on Xoria."
Steve gets lost in the rhythm of sucking Tony, his own need put aside for the moment. All of his focus is on making the blowjob good to keep earning Tony's praise. He's almost floating in it until Tony cups his jaw, forcing his head up so their eyes meet.
"Okay," Steve says amiably. "Thank you, Tony."
It turns out that Tony's phone is in a compartment that slides out from the space beside his cot when you press on the wall. A bedside table drawer of sorts that he wouldn't have thought to look for.
When it stops, Tony is glad that he thought to lock the suit's knees when they left Earth, because his legs are wobbly. After the wonder of going through the Bifrost, he's now awed by the vast globe-like structure they ended in. On the pedestal in the center, Heimdall is also impressive with his horned helmet and gigantic sword. Tony has barely taken a breath when an unexpected threat appears out of nowhere.
"Don't worry, I've got you," Tony reassures, eyes catching Steve's. He gives him a devilish grin and then secures both hands on Steve's hips and pulls him forward, inviting him to sink in the wet inferno of his mouth.
Tony works hard in his smithy, and it's clearly reflected in his toned arms and muscled back and shoulders.
"I'll let you guess," Tony says with a wink.
"Are you sure?" Steve asks, still worried.
Technical stuff works better for the back burner, as Tony calls it, but it's also a nice place to shove emotions. They simmer there if he's busy enough with something compelling, and when he comes out of his work fugue, he has more perspective. It's not magical, unfortunately, so he's still reeling from everything he learned on Iantus. His anger has abated considerably, but he's hurt nonetheless. He's been avoiding Steve the best he could to prevent a pointless confrontation, but it's difficult on such a small spaceship. The forced proximity has subjected him to Steve's kicked puppy face and soulful eyes, and it's very hard to cling to his resentment. Not that he wants to wallow; he's just not able to skip over it either.
"You think people would like that?" Steve asks.
The night is very calm, almost eerily so. There's a fat, full moon hanging high in a cloud-free sky that lights up Tony's surroundings clear as day. The last intel on the enemy they have—brought in by himself and Rhodes, you are welcome, U.S. Army—is that the surrounding 25 miles are mostly secure. Tony came here to investigate the rumor of a secret Hydra base nearby, on Fury's demand. Unfortunately, he has found nothing, even after three days of flying over the mountains with Rhodes. The lack of results is why they're going back to London tomorrow.
"So, did you give the vet another absurd amount of money?" Steve asks with an eyebrow raise. He knows Tony, and he's convinced of it.
"Yes," Tony says, approaching carefully in a way that is belittled by the clanking of the Iron Man boots on the floor. "Restaurants or picnics dates are nice, but too often crashed by fans or paparazzi. I'd like something quiet for a first date."
Anthony grins. "Awesome."
"I can imagine. He was a monster. You're welcome to Iantus anytime you want.”
Seeing Carol use her powers is a work of art, as always. He thought as much even when she was supposedly the enemy. She's insanely powerful, that's a given, but she destroys with an enthusiasm and efficiency that is inspiring. Tony joins her as they first hobble the ships, then make sure they can't bomb their friends (or Earth, really). Of course they get fired at, but apart from a missile that explodes almost in Tony's face, which destabilizes him for a second, it's basically a walk in the park.
"Nicely done!" Thor exclaims.
"Jeez," Steve says, a hand on his heart that is now racing.
"I'm just good with games, pal," Tony says with a shrug, though he gets up too. He won't let the asshat loom over him.
"It was complicated, but we did it. But all our messing about accidentally alerted past Thanos who managed to get to our time. We fought him again, and he almost got the stones, but you took them away from him and snapped Thanos and his army to dust to end it all."
"I've missed you so much," Steve says against Tony's neck where he has burrowed his face.
"The Krees sent me on a mission to kill Vers- I mean, Carol. I was still brainwashed at the time. I almost got her, but she captured me instead."
"There's the Cap I remember," WIM-Tony says as he walks away. "Come on."
"Stark, leave my horse alone. Go to bed."
"Spider-Man. He's what, sixteen?"
"Well, tough it. It's about time we finally meet." With that, Cora jumps and flaps her wings enough to reach Tony's shoulder, gripping the armor with her claws. "Please don't shove me off anymore."
"Still in a food daze?" Steve asks.
For a second Tony worries Steve will come over to ask what's wrong which wouldn't be good. He isn't ready for what could be a game changer. Tony is just starting to enjoy a simple life, and feelings are complicated. He turns back to tip the barman and grabs his glass and the Cosmo he ordered for Cherie.
"What do you mean the Krees incoming?" Rhodey asks, raising his voice a bit.
"I think that's enough for now," FRIDAY says.
"Hello, Captain Rogers," Tony's new AI answers. It's still striking to hear a feminine voice. "What can I do for you?"
“Surely this has been a lot to take in,” Frigga says. “Thor, would you show them their quarters, so they can rest before dinner?”
"So back to zero."
that joy bubbles up in Tony's chest and he has to pull away because he's grinning too widely.
Corroborating Bucky's statement, a couple of old folks on the sidewalk in front of the house wave in their direction with big smiles and a cheerful "Hey Buck!"
Steve nods, eyes wide open as if to take everything in.
Rhodey looks admirative. "Sounds like it. How did you two meet… five days ago, you said?"
"They usually don't like it here either," Tony says, hands on his hips as he looks down at his girl in surprise.
WIM-Tony raises his voice, displeased. "He survived. Thanks to you, apparently." He slides under Steve's arm again to help him walk some more. "And Monica, if you believe the news stories."
"Oh, God."
"No, we're all good. We'll round the Krees up, jail them for a bit. It's still the plan to send them back?"
"I did." Rhodey grows serious. "When Thor told us about the accident, because that's what they thought happened, I didn't want to believe it. You wouldn't die in a lab accident."
"Yes, that's it. First time with a rubber nipple might be iffy, though her sister took to it like a champ. You need to push on the plunger very, very slowly and make sure she's swallowing by lightly resting your finger on her throat. Newborns don't have a gag reflex, so it's dangerous to go too fast."
"The ship? Sure," Steve says.
The old man squints at Tony. "What? Do I know you?"
Interesting.
"If you want, I could tell you about Morgan," Steve eventually suggests.
It wouldn't be practical in a fight situation, but he's certain that he can carry both Steve and Nebula for a short distance without a problem. Tony touches the shield that’s still in Steve's hand and immediately reorganizes it into stabilization winglets. It's a cool party trick for their audience too.
Tony would propose Bruce, but they haven't seen him since the Ultron fiasco. Hell, Tony's barely on speaking terms with Steve himself. It's only been a few weeks since the rogues came back to the United States, following the Accords being amended and Barnes’ pardon. Saying that it's strained at the Avengers compound is an understatement. They still fight well together, though, as evidenced by the robots the Avengers easily kicked out of Miami a week ago.
"Good thinking," Tony says.
A voice he doesn't know pipes up. "You're being stupid again."
"Gimme." Tony takes Steve's hard cock in hand and gives him a slow stroke from bottom to tip. Tony's fingers can't circle the girth, and it's hot as hell.
"He's a fucking cheater," Kol accuses again, spitting mad. Quite literally, which is disgusting. "It's the glasses. He uses them to read the tiles."
"That's it, good boy," Tony purrs in his ears.
Tony can't help it. He starts laughing as he throws his blanket on the man's lap. Not that the view isn't great, the guy is perfect all over, but this man might appreciate something to protect his modesty while he gathers his wit.
"It's a bit early to talk about these things, sweetheart," Tony says, cupping Steve's cheek. "We're just learning about each other and what works for us. Plenty of time to see if kink is part of it or not."
"Do we go anyway?" Tony asks Steve.
After they'd set course for Earth, Tony had wondered if they should have gone to Asgard first, to make sure that the core's explosion hadn't caused too much damage. But, as Carol had argued, if the Krees want to get Tony back, or kill him too now, who knows, they'll probably go to Earth themselves. They
"Of course," Tony says. He's delicately caressing the white kitten now, as if reluctant to stop touching them.
Tony's smile turns mischievous. "It's the baby, right? That made you ask? Thanks for the assist, bumblebee," he says before kissing the boy's cheek.
"The evacuation - all those people-"
That takes Steve by surprise. Tony wants to separate the sisters?
Out of the homophobic times of their youth, away from the war and torture, in a future brimming with possibilities… they deserve it.
"Yes."
"If you'd follow me, we'll rejoin your friends now."
Tony cackles, proud as a peacock that his five year old is dishing out physics lessons. Of course Morgan is a genius, and Steve couldn't love them more.
"I'm interested!" Tony blurts out, which is a relief. "Of course I'm interested," he adds with a widening smile, though Steve would argue that it wasn't obvious at all.
"Earth?" Anthony's heart had started beating faster at the word. Earth. He knows Earth.
"Oh God."
"Saga," the griffin adds.
"Yeah, I see the flaw in it too. I'm sorry."
He has a good idea. "Snowball cried the entire ride over?"
Deliberately, Tony waits for everyone to have their tiles face up before he uncovers his own. Kol is smirking, sure of his win by having an all-blue series of four numbers. Clearly, he doesn't care one bit about Thanos's death right now. It's with gleeful amusement that Tony reveals a series from the equivalent of the numbers five to ten, using the six colors. He hadn't placed them in order, and it takes a second for it to register with the others.
"Same." Steve grins, proud.
"One hour, max," he mumbles.
"It sure is."
"Yes, Tony."
"Please don't hate me tomorrow."
Speaking of Steve, to Tony's deep relief things haven’t become weird or stilted or changed overmuch since the mistletoe incident. They remain the dream team when on missions, complementing each other perfectly, and their banter is healthy and as present as always. Steve is still looking, though, unashamed to let his crush show now, but it's not too much. Tony would be uncomfortable with soulful or sad looks—again he never meant to hurt the guy—but that's not how Steve is acting at all. If anything, he seems happier. Liberated to have spoken his truth, or something like that.
Rhodey scrunches his nose. "Yuck. Tony's my little brother, ew."
He bought everything needed to cook a nice dinner. He also has candles and wine, and the florist will deliver flowers soon. Tony hums as he glances at the counter, but then goes unnaturally still. Steve frowns, wondering what is wrong.
"On science. I've had a high sex drive most of my life. And your jizz must have addictive properties because I'm always jonesing for a fix."
"What?"
"Look, Anthony, we only want the core," Att-Lass says. "Give it over, and we'll leave. If not, we'll need to take it by force, and believe me, your little backward planet isn't ready for it."
Steve grins. "You promised me two weeks. You and me."
Tony raises his eyebrows as he looks at Rhodey. "Really?"
"Yes," Steve and Carol say simultaneously.
When he starts pushing and running at his turn, it's definitely while using super strength. They jump forward and Morgan screeches in pleasure as they run down the slope. After covering a third of the distance towards the lake, Peter nimbly jumps to sit in the tube and holds on to Morgan. Even though Tony and Jim had a clear advantage with their lead time, it's not enough. Peter and Morgan zoom by them right before reaching the lake, which clearly is the finish line.
