Sharon does not flinch at his harsh words, but cocks her head slightly and raises an eyebrow, “Who’s Dean?
Castiel can’t stop himself from reaching out to wipe away a stray tear still lingering on Dean’s cheek. And Dean accepts the touch, face crumbling again into a silent sob. Castiel crouches until he is just below eye level, huddled between Dean and the open door.
“I just… I panicked,” Dean quickly answers. “I felt like I crossed a line with the kiss, and then I convinced myself that you didn’t want to hear from me.”
He glances down at his lap, as if the right words might be written somewhere on his crotch. Negative. Nothing neatly printed for him to announce.
It’s only going to last a few more seconds, so Dean take his chance. When they reach the end of the aisle, Dean kisses Cas’ cheek and whispers, “Next time I walk you down an aisle, you’ll be taking my name.”
Now, he is revolting, strung out and hiding in an abandoned corner of the Singer junkyard with a needle still in the arm that is not truly his. If only God could see him now.
“I gotta check my email,” Cas swallows a gulp of coffee and his face twists in disgust. “Do you have creamer?”
Stepping into the tiled locker room, Dean shivers at how cold they keep it in here. It’s always cold and damp, the faint smell of mildew always present. He cleans out the locker quickly, but realizes he left his textbook in Henricksen’s room, so he goes back to retrieve it.
“Well, um, we’ve got a camp about fifteen miles East with a bunch of other survivors. You’re welcome to come with us,” Dean offers. “It’s not much, but at least you’ll be with a larger group. We have supplies and electricity.”
“I don’t want you to find out about what happened to me from a book,” Castiel answers softly, shrugging his suit jacket off his shoulder and tossing it beside Dean on the bed. “I want to tell you everything.”
A light rain has begun to fall from the sky; Castiel leans against the trunk of a tree and watches it fall. When his mother was still alive, they used to watch the rain from the window and listen to the radio. It is what he likes to remember most about her – the fact that she loved rain. Perhaps it is one of the few things that brought her joy.
He hurries back to Dean and finds him where he left him, on the floor, bleeding. Dean tightens the belt looped around his left thigh above the gunshot wound. Castiel maneuvers himself so that he can sling Dean’s arm over his shoulder before he hoists him to his feet, whispering, “Deep breaths. This is going to hurt.”
“Cas, listen to me, please. We weren’t together. I wanted to forget just how much it hurt not being with you.”
Jo walks over to him, following his gaze to the Winchester’s house, she sighs inwardly at his unresponsiveness and sits down beside him. Castiel is taken aback at how she answers his silent question so simply, as if it means nothing at all.
“I know, I know, I know… fuck, I know.” He’s crumbling now, body revolting from his being, and he thinks he could sink and dissolve into the floor if he truly imagined it. “The girl, the one with the red hair, fuck, what’s ‘er name? Rain? No, no…”
“So fucking selfish. Selfish, selfish, selfish…” Dean whimpers to the empty room. He isn’t even sure who he's talking about. He just knows that this hurts. He had hoped that creating chaos would make him feel better, but he was wrong.
Dean quirks up an eyebrow, taking a seat on the edge of the bed, “And your understanding comes from?”
Actually, he already passed Dean up. Sam skipped the third grade and fits in fine with his older classmates even though he really is a year younger. The kid’s classes are all Advanced Placement, and he’s getting straight A’s. Sam is on the track to an Ivy League college by the age of seventeen, and Dean’s going to Kansas.
Castiel hums in reply, licking his way into Dean’s mouth. Adjusting their position, Dean lies under Castiel with their hips slotted together in a slow grind. The tightness of Castiel’s jeans grows with every circular motion of his hips, and he tries his best to keep a rhythm as the pressure becomes unbearable.
He slides down the wall, curling into a cold, naked ball and erupting into uneven sobs that tear through his false happiness. There are hands that cover his body and crude whispers in his ears that rip him to pathetic pieces. The light disappears and he feels limp.
Sliding his own hand down his bare chest and flicking a thumb over his hardened nipple, he smiles when Dean sucks in a breath, his eyes following the movement. Dean admires the expanse of Castiel's naked body: his flushed cock slicked with his spit, unnamed scars, dark little moles. Cas' voice cuts in sharply. “Take off your jeans and underwear, I want..." He trails off restlessly, licking his lips and imagining what's to come.
“We’re proud of you, Jo,” Dean smiles genuinely, kissing her cheek in an affectionate way that resembles that of a brother. “So fucking proud.”
Cas shrugs, obviously not sure how to broach the topic, “If this were to get out, Sam, he could lose everything.”
The highway is surprisingly empty for a Saturday night. Dean tries his best to stay below the speed limit, but his mind is everywhere but the road. In two hours, he will see Cas again, and the thought brings an overwhelming, confusing mixture of relief and anger.
"Gordon, you're just as important to this team as anybody else," The coach answers in a steady tone. "And you're one of our best batters! Now quit pouting and get on the goddamn field!"
“I’m already ruined Dean! There’s nothing left untouched,” He shouts, pointing to the ocean. “I could drown slowly and painfully, and it still wouldn’t be the worst thing I’ve been through. I can do whatever the hell I want!”
Bobby wheels himself into his living room, setting the brake on his wheelchair once he’s beside the couch. Castiel picks at the dirt under his fingernails. It might be blood. They killed a pack of werewolves yesterday and it was a bloodbath. He showered three times before he finally felt clean again, and then they drove for twenty hours to get to Bobby’s house. Dean said they deserved a break, a Thanksgiving meal, and a bed with better sheets for a few days. Castiel couldn’t argue with that.
“She’s dead,” Castiel states coldly, tilting his head to the side. He'd expected more from his father, but he shouldn’t have gotten his hopes up. The man did leave his family with nothing but broken hearts. “You honestly didn’t know that?”
Swiftly bringing the glass to his lips again, he downs the glass of wine and walks over to open the door, feeling the liquid slide down into his gut. Castiel’s hand is on the knob when the door flies open and nearly breaks Castiel’s nose, but he jumps out of the way just in time, only to look up to see
There is no reason to ask any questions; Castiel already knows where Dean’s been, who he was with, and how he got back to the motel. Being able to watch over those he cares about has officially become both a blessing and a curse.
Someone goes to grab Sammy as Castiel rolls up two joints for the group to share. They head downstairs, claiming that they all want to go for a walk before dinner and head off to the park around the corner.
Castiel smiles despite himself, trailing his thumb down the bridge of Dean’s nose and around the outline of his lips. He only slows to slightly drag the pad of his thumb across Dean’s plump bottom lip.
“Castiel, it is your birthday tomorrow. I don’t understand how you could possibly need to find something appropriate to say about that.” She allows him silence for a few seconds before continuing, “Unless, do you happen to feel that you do not deserve a birthday?”
Dean’s voice comes urgent and angry, chest puffing out with each rising breath. His hands tighten around the steering wheel, knuckles turning white.
He leans forward and finishes the last problem of his math assignment. Leaning back again, he closes the textbook and stares at the wooden table for a moment, contemplating whether it is worth it to leave the phone unattended in order to shower. It's been three days…if Cas hasn’t called by now, Dean isn’t sure he ever will.
“I wrote that book while I was in a manic episode during my first semester of graduate school. I wrote all 358 pages in less than two months. All I did was write; I didn’t sleep or eat or show up to class, which is why I dropped out.” The words spill out of Cas, explaining and filling in the gaps that Dean, and most of his readers, don’t even know. He glances up at Dean, finding his eyes focuses intently on Castiel’s fidgeting hands. “It was luck with a pinch of mania and unfiltered genius.”
Backing up one step at a time, Dean heads for the door, “Don’t worry about it. I gotta come by the house tomorrow at some point anyways.” He scratches the back of his neck nervously, realizing that he most definitely will run into Cas again, before using his free hand to swing the door open. With a quick wave, he mumbles, “It was nice seeing you, Cas. Have a good night you guys.”
Dean releases a huffed laugh before slipping his hands beneath Castiel’s shirt and using his blunt fingernails to scratch his chest playfully. “Let them,” He replies before he returns to sucking more marks onto Castiel’s long neck, but Castiel shoves him off again. He grabs Dean’s hand and whispers, “Come upstairs with me.”
“I would never hurt you again,” Moving closer, Dean reaches out to brush the tears from Castiel’s face, and he lets him. “I promise. I couldn’t live with myself if I did. You have to believe me when I say that I would never, ever hurt you again.”
Letting Cas take the lead, Dean swiftly follows at his heels, towing his luggage behind him as they navigate through the crowds. They check their bags and get their boarding passes without any issues and, by the time they reach security, Dean is less focused on the sound of blood rushing through his ears and more attuned to the feeling of Cas’ hand in his.
Castiel accepts the cup, “Dean, please –” He won’t look at Castiel. Why not? “Can we talk about this?”
As Dean presses him against the nearest wall, hands sliding up Castiel’s sides, he holds Castiel’s face in his hands and nibbles on his lower lip, dragging a groan out of Castiel’s mouth. Dean seizes the opportunity to slip his tongue into Castiel’s open mouth and pushes a leg between the younger man’s parted thighs. Castiel moans again, breathing heavy as Dean pulls away, his eyes dark with want.
Pushing past a group of freshmen, Gordon walks briskly to the locker room. He glowers and twirls his bat in his hand.
“Nothing happened,” he mutters, glancing at the clock. “It was an accident, just like I told the police.”
“Take off your shirt,” He commands softly, pulling his own off and smiling when he catches Dean gazing at him helplessly. He flings the garment onto the floor, pointing at Dean and saying, "C'mon, stud. Take it off." He laughs when Dean unceremoniously pulls the shirt over his head and throws it into a corner of the room.
Castiel wraps a loose fist around both of them, building up a rhythm until he can feel it. Dean’s body quakes, about to explode, shaking at full throttle. Castiel’s name is a cursed word spilling from his lips.
"I don't want to talk about this," Shifting uncomfortably in his chair, Castiel splays his hand over his knee and digs his fingers into his skin. "Dean is leaving."
“Alright,” He replies abruptly, having gotten lost in his train of thought for a moment. Averting his attention to Lady, he whistles for her and she bounds across Dean’s manicured lawn towards him. “Well, um, we should keep walking, otherwise she’ll lay down and refuse to get back up again. I’m sure we’ll see—“
Castiel cautiously walks up the stairs of Bobby’s house, remembering to lift his left foot a little higher on the last step to avoid snagging it on the rug at the top of the landing. He shuffles down the hall and pauses for a moment outside the room. Nudging the door open with his hip and carrying in a breakfast tray, pancakes stacked high and steam rising from the coffee mug, Castiel walks casually into the room, like he's done this a million times. As if this is their routine, their home, their life. It isn’t, but he can’t keep himself from breaking out into a grin when Dean pops his head out from under their covers, sleepy eyes peering at him through the folds of the comforter.
The campsite is right by the water, tucked in the sand dunes surrounded by trees. It takes them an hour or so to unload and set up camp, but by the time they’ve settled in its already four o’clock.
Cas doesn’t immediately respond. Instead, he saves the word document and closes his laptop, swiveling on the kitchen stool until he’s facing Dean, knees resting on either side of Dean’s hips. He asks, “Did I tell you what Ellen said to me before she died?” Dean shakes his head, and Cas elaborates, “She told me to be brave and to love the life I was given.”
Cas opens the window and answers with a smile on his face, "See you." He climbs out the window and closes it behind him. Dean stares at the glass feeling as though it was all a dream.
There’s an implied sense of limit on the expression as it leaves Dean’s mouth, and even Castiel knows it. For how long, exactly? How much longer will Dean be his? It hurts too much to think about; the ugly truth of it pains him to the point of near exhaustion.
“High off their asses and hungry,” Sam replies and bends down to rummage through the liquor cabinet. He smiles in triumph as he pulls out two half-empty bottles of rum. “Jackpot!”
Castiel stares at the blank notebook in front of him. He’s had writers block plenty of times in the past, but this is new. This time he is overwhelmed with anxiety. Maybe it’s not anxiety, but more like restlessness. A need for movement.
As he approaches the Singer’s home, Castiel gazes at the serenity of their street. These homes are exactly what Castiel has always dreamt of, and the life within each one is that of a fairy tale. The Singer’s enormous Victorian home towers over him, leering, almost as though it were reprimanding him for running and hiding when he knows that there is a house full of people within its walls who love him unconditionally. The windows shine with a soft orange glow, and he can hear Adam playing the piano from where he stands on the front steps.
“I doubt you could,” Dean looks down at him, eyes crinkling with laughter. “And for someone who thinks this is dangerous, you’re pretty damn good at it.”
Taking a seat beside Cas at the window, Dean leans over and kisses him firmly. “I’ll still come home on holidays to visit. We can talk on the phone, and write to each other…”
There are no words, so Dean just manages a small nod before Gordon is clapping Dean on the back and smiling, “See, that wasn’t so bad, right?” Humming to himself, Gordon returns the papers to the teacher’s desk and shoves his own copy into his pocket, “See you around, fag.”
Cas keeps his free hand on Dean’s knee, rubbing small circles into it with his thumb, as he shoves his McMuffin into his mouth. It’s soothing to have Cas so close to him, touching him in public. Like a real couple.
Okay, with all of that out of the way, here's Chapter 6! Please leave comments!!! I read every single one and I feel like it holds me accountable for posting new updates because it reminds me that there are people actually invested in reading my writing. I LOVE AND APPRECIATE YOU ALL.
Watching him silently, Dean pulls on his clothes and breathes deeply through his nose. "You're a possessive son of a bitch," He acknowledges with a small smile, looking at Cas out of the corner of his eye. "I'll be sore for a goddamn week."
She takes one last drag and tosses the still burning stub to the floor, crushing it with her heel. Her red hair covers most of her face in a cascade of ringlets, but the dark circles under her eyes are prominent as the shadows cast down across her face.
Eventually, dawn creeps through the thin veil of the motel curtains and threatens the demise of their cuddling. When Dean wakes in the early morning hours, he doesn’t pull away, but snuggles further into Castiel’s chest without saying a word.
Castiel can't help but smile when Gordon's jaw tightens in the beginnings of rage. Throughout the year, Castiel has discovered that no matter what tactic he uses, Gordon won't leave him alone unless someone else makes him. He's done it all in attempts to make the bullying stop, but Gordon just won't let up.
Castiel nods quietly and heads for the stairs, climbing each step methodically. He supposes that there is probably more than one free bed on the second floor of the house now that Bobby sleeps downstairs. Dean’s been unnervingly quiet the lately, so perhaps some distance would be a good idea. He glances down the hall and sees two doors, one open and the other closed. There is a soft yellow light peeking through the crack at the bottom of the closed door. Castiel slips into the adjacent and empty room, closing the door behind him and allowing his eyes time to adjust to the darkness.
“I was only fourteen the first time.” The words are escaping before he even has the chance to register what he is saying, but he knows that this was coming eventually. At some point, he was going to talk about it with someone. “Who even does that? To a fourteen-year-old?”
Six months after Sam becomes Lucifer’s vessel, Lucifer’s army overtakes the kingdom of heaven, and the angels that remain in heaven, those who choose not to fall, are slaughtered. The sky does not light up with massive shooting stars; death is much quieter than becoming human. Angel radio is silent, and there is no warning, no notice, no pink slip.
At this point, Castiel is craving skin-to-skin contact with the gorgeous human being who currently has him pinned against the nearest wall. There’s so much sexual tension that it’s beginning to drive him crazy. They can only stare at each other for so long, imagining what they
Then again, Dean hadn’t been with many other dudes. Sure, he had plenty of opportunities over the years, and he slipped up once or twice, but there was always that little voice in the back of his head, telling him that it wasn’t right – that he needed to be with a chick. That voice sounds a hell of a lot like John Winchester.
“I do! I want to,” Castiel reassures him and pushes off the wall, holding Dean’s face with both hands and forcing him to meet his gaze. His heart pounds mercilessly, threatening to break free of his chest. Panic fills his blood. “I want to. I’m scared, that’s all. Just scared.”
He closes his eyes and listens to the wind calling his name, telling him nonsense secrets that he will never need to keep. The wind whispers to him to sleep beside his mother, curled in a ball, waiting for the world to change.
suitcase. He looks her over from the corner of his eye. She doesn’t exactly look like a foster kid, that’s true. She looks normal, happy.
Dean stands under the arch, haired ruffled from sleep, wearing nothing but a pair of boxer shorts. Castiel locks eyes with Dean as the woman leans forward to kiss Dean’s cheek. His face falls from a relaxed grin to a blank stare, and he opens his mouth as if to say something to Castiel. But the words don’t come.
“It’s okay, Cas.” Dean presses his face into the hair at Castiel’s temple and inhales deeply, whispering, “S’alright, I’m here. I ain’t goin’ anywhere. I’m gonna take care of you. We’re gonna get you better.”
Jo gets up to find that she has slept the entire night alone, which is unusual considering that Cas comes to sleep with her almost every night. Maybe he slept through for once, or maybe he had a particularly bad spell and decided to leave her out of it. Either way, she goes to check on him to make sure everything is alright.
Castiel isn’t prepared for the massive hug that Sam gives him as soon as they make it outside. Even though he’s sort of kept in contact with Sam, Castiel forgets that Sam has nearly doubled in size and then some since high school.
He’s had sex before, maybe not voluntarily, but he has. He wants to know what it’s like to be in control of his own body. To
Castiel settles down at his usual table, nearest the encyclopedias and facing the window that overlooks the football field. He takes out his math homework and looks it over, checking for mistakes.
“Sure,” Castiel’s face breaks into a smile and he feels heat creep up the back of his neck. “I can be there in 15 minutes.”
Dean remains silent, letting the waves answer him again, until he murmurs, “You're always so angry at me, have you noticed that?”
Tipping his head back in a laugh and wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist, Dean looks down at him in disbelief, “I think you just did, babe.”
“I can’t,” He admits in an almost silent whisper. “You do this every single time something bad happens and it is royally fucked up, Cas. You go and do something stupid and then you avoid talking about it by…by doing this.” Dean waves his hands between the two of them. “And-and I’m fucking terrified to touch you because I don’t want to cause one of your freak-outs like the last time…” Cas continues to stare at him with those wide blue eyes and Dean doesn’t know where he is or why he drove two hours for some ordinary fucked-up teenager he could have found on any street. “You can’t just leave like that. I thought that you’d gone and killed yourself or something fucking terrible and it was eatin’ me up inside.”
The rest of the day goes by slowly, but Castiel passes the time reading and organizing the new shipment of books. He answers a few calls and rings up a handful of purchases before the Market starts.
Breathing deeply through his nose, Dean shoves Gordon's shoulder and snaps, "Why don't you mind your own business?"
They gather their weapons, and Dean and Castiel set to work pushing through the furniture stacked at the entrance. Jo secures the perimeter. Once they break inside, Dean nods at Castiel to go left as he takes the right side of the shop.
“Honey, you are still Dean, and he is still Castiel. All of that shared history, good or bad, is still there. The only difference between now and then is that you’ve both matured. It amazes me that you’ve kept your distance for so long, because of something that happened 8 years ago. Dean, circumstances have changed. Your father is not controlling your life, you are not in the closet, and what happened with Gordon was taken care of years ago.”
“I think so,” Cas responds quietly, opening a new tab to search for flights from San Francisco to New York. “Do you want to come with me?”
Dean blushes, rubbing the back of his neck, and he walks over to stand beside Cas. He holds out a red sweatshirt to Cas, and the younger man takes it from him, pulling it over his head.
"I don't like myself," He mutters indignantly, forcing his gaze down. He knows that she is trying to help him, but to be helped, Castiel has to talk about all the things he hates.
“You’re fucking perfect,” Dean mutters mindlessly, pushing a lube-covered finger into Castiel with no warning. Arching his back at the familiar feeling, Castiel clutches the sheets and groans into the mattress. One finger quickly becomes two, leaving Castiel nearly breathless with every brush against his prostate.
God, he hates her sometimes. She doesn’t get it, because she does it for a living. She doesn’t appreciate the beauty of each new layer. To her it’s like some stupid puzzle, just trying to get to the root of the problem. But that’s not the point. The point is that under every layer is a new person, a new part or piece to learn, and she doesn’t get it.
With a bitter laugh, Adam replies, “Tired, but I always am. I can’t remember the last time I slept through a night without a nightmare.” The youngest boy rests his head on the table and rubs circles around his temples, attempting to ward off a headache. Castiel knows the feeling.
That’s what’s changed. Instead of the incessant and annoying pestering of his fellow angels, Castiel now must worry about his own thoughts. He gets lost in them constantly. Apparently, emotions count as thoughts. They’re constant and oppressive, drawing him out of the present moment on a whim. He’s even doing it now. Now, he is thinking about thinking. Fuck, why does his chest feel so tight?
Mary’s screams are rewarded with a swift backhand across her rosy, wet cheek, silencing her completely. John returns his attention to his son’s broken body, “I fucking own you. This life of yours, Dean. It’s mine, because I’ve given it to you. Next time, show a little respect.”
Dean’s shifts, lifting himself up and snapping his hips at a faster rate, as he wraps a free hand around Castiel’s cock and pumps his fist. It doesn’t take long before Castiel is coming, writhing in ecstasy as Dean carries him through his orgasm. Dean kisses the top of his head, mumbling, “I got you, Cas.” Moments later, Dean’s hips stutter and he reaches his own climax, filling Castiel with a warm and tingling sensation. “Never gonna let you go,” Dean slots their mouths together again, kissing Castiel until his lungs burn. Dean slumps his body lazily over Castiel’s, nipping at the corner of Castiel’s lips as he pulls out. He rolls off to the side, lying on his back, hands splayed across his stomach.
She smiles darkly, biting her lower lip and running her hands up his chest. “I thought you’d never ask, Winchester,” She grabs him by the hand and leads him outside. They get into the front seat without a word, closing the doors and falling into complete silence.
It’s a woman, Vivianne, who joined the camp just before they moved to Gull Point. She’s drowning in an oversized Henley and carrying what appears to be her clothes in her hands. She turns and smiles at a familiar figure in the doorway.
Lifting his somber eyes to Robert, Castiel takes a step back towards the door. “I cannot do that, not after everything. Not after all that I’ve been through, just because you preferred screwing a woman that wasn’t my mother. I can’t do that.”
He really should just politely decline and walk away. It could be that easy – saying no, walking away, going home to that great big house, and crawling back into bed – to forget Dean if he really wanted to.
“Bobby had a bit of a lottery ticket addiction a few years back. It was the stupidest thing, I swear. I hated it, tried to get him to quit for the longest time, but he's stubborn. One day he came home with a few scratchers. Turns out that one of them was a winning ticket. We decided to use the money to buy a bigger house and start helping more kids."
He feels heavy, as if he is balancing a large stone atop his shoulders and the weight of it is dragging him down. He can’t seem to find a way to relieve the stress of his sleepless nights. He used to put a blade to his skin to calm his nerves, but he promised Dean he would stop hurting himself, no matter how much self-restraint it takes. He manages a deep breath to chase the dizziness away before he straightens and resumes walking around the room talking to people.
“What time is it?” Burrowing his head into a pillow, Dean shifts his body to fit perfectly beside Castiel’s.
Dean is leaning against the lockers, listening to Gordon ramble on and on about some stupid party he went to, and all he can think about is the way Cas' butt looks in the jeans he’s wearing today. Across the hall, Cas stands with his back to him, excitedly describing something to Pam.
“That was for saying no,” Castiel whispers, his voice just a faint reminder of himself. Hesitantly, Dean drags his hand over Cas’ skin to another bubbled scar that lies just above his right nipple. Without fail, Cas answers, “That was for crying.” Lifting his head, Dean locks eyes with Cas and brings his lips to the scar, kissing it gently.
“Don’t do this because I want to,” Dean’s voice hardens as he goes to move his hand away, but Castiel holds it still against his lower abdomen. Releasing an exasperated sigh, Dean rests his forehead against Castiel’s and says, “I want to, I really do, but I can’t unless you want it just as much as I do.”
If he doesn’t call it off, Gordon will tell John, and then it will all be over anyways. If he does break it off with Cas, he’d have to give a legit reason in order to make sure Cas doesn’t try to stay together. He’d have to tell Cas that he never loved him, that it was all a lie. Either way, Dean knows it could potentially kill the both of them.
Mustering up the strength, he stands even though he feels dizzy and makes his way to the door. “But it
“I can’t just do that, okay?” Dean curls forward, resting his face in his hands exhaustedly, “I’ve always liked girls…”
"Bathroom," Dean mumbles, dragging him down the hall. His hands are insistently tugging at Castiel's shirt, pulling it over his head with little ease. Castiel feels as though his entire body is vibrating, like he can point out each fraction of a second and know exactly where Dean's hands and mouth were at that exact minuscule moment.
He nods and she closes the door behind her, looking around at the bare walls. She sits at the end of his bed and watches him for a moment. He wonders if he still looks like a ghost after having fainted.
“He isn’t dead, Dean. He wouldn’t do that to you,” She counters defensively, her hope wavering in her voice.
“I damn well can tell you what you can and can’t do! Goddammit, Dean! I’m your fucking father, and you better learn to listen to me or so help me, I will make damn sure–”
The night wears on. The parents drink because they are happy that their children are prospering in a world so harsh. The children drink because they have no clue what to they need to do to survive. Alcohol has an impressive ability to suppress any person's mind of all things troubling and painful.
When she turns her back and presses up against him, Dean lowers his mouth to her ear and asks, “Do you want to go out to my car?”
“Don’t be such a freaking prude, Cas. Everyone does it!” Dean huffs as he watches a wave coming into view. He starts to paddle towards it, “C’mon, let’s catch this one.”
brother.” Dean shouts, commanding the room. “I’ve bent over backwards and killed myself one too many times to save Sammy, but no good ever comes out of it. I’m accepting that this is our new fucked up reality, and you should too, because you ain’t above it.”
"You're doing good!" Dean encourages him, holding him by the elbow when he loses balance. "It's like you're a natural."
“I had the full intention of jumping your bones as soon as I got through the door,” Castiel admits, placing a kiss just above Dean’s nipple.
Cas grumbles something incoherent, taking the coffee from the counter and running a tired hand over his scrunched-up face. He walks over to his bag by the front door and digs out his laptop, bringing it back to the kitchen counter.
Sighing deeply through his nose, Dean lifts his head and wipes at the sudden wetness on his cheeks before speaking, “She’s my friend. We were at the same party, and she had too much to drink. I just went to get her some water, that’s all I was tryin’ to do, and when I got back she was gone.” The nurse places her hand over Dean’s as he struggles to get the words out his mouth. These words, these broken syllables and harsh sounds are all reminders that nothing is ever going to be okay. He is facing the fact that by tomorrow morning he will have witnessed a sexual assault, broken up with his boyfriend, and gotten the shit kicked out of him by his own fucking father. There’s no fucking way he’s going to come out of this without a few scars. He tries his best to swallow the lump in his throat and continues, “I found her upstairs…. Gordon was on top of her and we got in a fight and now he’s gonna tell my dad – he’s gonna tell him about me and Cas. Jesus fucking Christ. Why did this have to happen? Why? He raped
"For taking me in and adopting me," Castiel plays with the charm bracelet Dean gave him. "I know you and I are not very close, but I appreciate it all the same. You've been a better father to me than my biological one...or any other man for that matter."
As they take off into the sky, Dean sucks in a sharp breath, but Castiel rubs soothing circles into his wrists with his thumbs. He turns his head and kisses Dean’s temple, whispering, “When we get back, I’ll move in with you.”
Hesitantly, Dean wraps his arms around Cas, bringing the boy closer. He finds a half-empty water bottle on the floor and wets his hands before patting Cas’ face. The younger boy shouts and flails his arms, trying to get away.
If he had known about this, he might’ve mentally prepared a little more. Maybe even Googled the guy. He feels like he just stepped into a trap.
Birthday, Dean,” Castiel counters, placing the tray on Dean’s blanketed lap and dipping his head to kiss him tenderly. “You make the world a better place, and I love you for that.”
With slow, meaningful movements, Castiel crosses the room and glides over Dean’s impeccable frame, trailing his hands up Dean’s warm sides. With a single kiss to the corner of his mouth, Dean becomes impatient, dragging Castiel into a firm kiss. Castiel works his way into Dean’s mouth, sliding their tongues together and eliciting a whine from Dean. He hooks a finger under the waistband of Dean’s boxers and slides them down as Dean lifts his hips expectantly. Maneuvering himself down Dean’s body, Castiel places a feather-like kiss to his hip before taking his erection into his mouth, swallowing Dean whole. He elicits a memorable and unholy sound, tangling his fists in the comforter of the king-sized bed. And then there is a string of words slipping from his panting mouth, but all Castiel can make out from the jumbled speech is
“You always think they are the type,” Jo snaps. “And the only one you were right about was Anna. By the way, she’s been missing for two days. So, if you go into the city, keep an eye out for her.”
“I think it’s time for you to own your story. You get to decide what is and isn’t in the narrative; you’re the one in control, Cas.” Dean’s hands run down Cas’ back as he says, “This is your chance, baby, to prove to yourself how goddamn brave you really are. It doesn’t matter what other people think; the only thing that matters is that you feel fully and completely free by the end of all this.”
A cool evening breeze rushes through the window and disturbs the thin layers of smoke veiled throughout the room.
She watches him closely with her pale blue eyes and looks out at the rain, “He was so sad, and I just wanted him to feel better.”
Shuffling through a stack of notecards, Castiel looks up from the papers before him, twirling a pen in his hand before bringing the end of it between his pink lips, "I am currently working on some AP Chemistry. What's going on?"
Jo’s room is empty. Next best thing is to ask Gabe, but there's no one in his room, either. Dean stares helplessly around the empty room with nowhere else to go. Well, maybe he could track down Anna to get his mind off school for an hour or so. He takes a few hesitant steps back, closing the door to Gabe’s room behind him.
Quietly, to not wake his guest, Castiel crawls out of bed and heads to the window, cracking it slightly. He opens his top dresser drawer and pulls out an old cigarette carton that he uses to store his pre-rolled joints for mornings like these. It just happens to be that every morning is like this one.
Sweeping his eyes across the table, nobody asks for anything, so he turns on his heels, walking swiftly into the kitchen. Picking up a red wine that Sam brought to dinner off the table, Castiel goes in search of something to open the bottle with. After opening all seven drawers, he finally finds one and manages to pull the cork out, leaning against the counter and pouring himself a glass. He brings the glass to his lips and is about to down the whole thing when someone tries to open the backdoor. Castiel is a little surprised it’s locked in the first place, no one ever locks it, mostly because the only people that even use that door are family and friends.
“Well he didn’t,” Grinding his hips against Dean’s, Castiel kisses the corner of Dean’s mouth. It’s been a week or two since they’ve been alone like this, and the need to touch each other has never been so strong. “How has practice been?” Slipping his hand under Dean’s cotton shirt, Cas kisses his cheek, feeling Dean’s skin heat up under his touch, “I’ve missed you.”
“You’re gonna make me come in my pants if you keep this up, Cas,” Dean pants against his lips, sloppily dragging his mouth down Castiel’s neck and sucking at his pulse point. “Like a typical fucking teenager.”
“Us. I need to think about it,” Dean replies distantly, avoiding Castiel's eyes as he stands to make a quick exit.
“You breakin’ my heart already?” Dean laughs, as if to prove that it was a joke, but his smile immediately falls when Castiel doesn’t respond fast enough. He chokes out, “You’re not breaking up with me, right?”
Castiel huffs hot breath over Dean's erect, wet nipple and peers up at him through his eyelashes, "And what did you tell him?" Lazily, Cas licks his way down Dean's stomach, watching the boy squirm beneath him. "Did you tell him that you let me fuck you senseless the other night? Did you tell him that you like to take it up the ass?"
Dean hands her the last of the silverware and reaches into the murky water to pull the plug on the drain. The water gurgles as it disappears into the black hole at the center of the sink.
“Well, don’t you two look dapper,” Balthazar calls out, efficiently cutting Dean off and striding up the sidewalk with an air of haughty arrogance. He dips his head and kisses Castiel on both cheeks, and Dean notices the way his hand lingers on Cas’ arm. It’s a small gesture, but noticeable. Would he have noticed ten minutes ago? Probably not. Balthazar turns to Dean, giving him a firm handshake. “Dean, you’re prettier than Castiel let on.”
But Dean and Cas held their ground, because the music never faded and they couldn’t bring themselves to stop dancing, cradling one another like a Christmas miracle.
“Yeah, um…” Dean tears his eyes away his maps. His eyes drag over Castiel’s frame, as if he is taking an inventory, but he quickly points his gaze back to the map in front of him when he catches Castiel observing him. He bites at his cuticles, “I’m trynna plan out our route to Gull Point, but I need a second opinion.”
“Castiel, you know that I don’t like it when you call me that,” She tucks a stray piece of silver hair behind her ear before continuing. “What about the nightmares, are they still occurring?”
“I’m sure she'll come home for the weekend,” Dean replies, trying to sound hopeful. “She always likes our movie nights.”
“I was so confused and scared after I got out of that house; I couldn’t even tell you if the sky was up or down. I spent three months in the hospital under psychiatric care because I tried to kill myself the day after the police came to talk to me.” The words flow out of Cas at an alarming rate as he paces the room, tears beginning to stream down his face. He rushes out, “Then, I didn’t say a single word until a month before my release. They called it selective mutism; the trauma forced me to shut down. When I came to the Singers, I still hadn’t told anyone except the 911 operator what happened, but the police – they didn’t need me to. There was enough physical evidence in the house and on my body to prove what happened. Plus, they had my 911 call to support the physical evidence.”
With a low rumble, Castiel smirks, “What do you want, Dean?” Removing his mouth and replacing it with his hand, he squeezes Dean’s thick cock.
“He put something in her drink; I don’t know what it was, but when I found them, she was unconscious.” A moment after Dean’s first tear drops onto his jeans and makes a dark blue splotch on the faded denim, he stays silence for a short period of time before Officer Mills places a gentle hand on his shoulder.
Initially, he thinks it best to refuse, but the temptation overrules his morals. Castiel sits beside her and takes a long drag.
“I remember the first time I saw you on T.V.,” Dean says, moving closer to Cas and putting his arm around the blue-eyed angel’s shoulders. He lowers his head to Castiel’s ear and whispers, “It was like I saw an incredibly handsome ghost.”
Castiel could go for a cigarette. Maybe a spliff. Something that will burn. Fuck, maybe not. He can’t see a flame without thinking of sitting through another hunter’s funeral.
“Like hell you are!” John snaps, pointing at Dean with a menacing finger, “You are staying right here. Let the Singers take care of that kid. He ain’t your problem.”
“I have plenty of pictures of you, Dean,” He mutters, following Dean to the couch and sitting beside him. “I mean, you’re young, still seventeen or eighteen in all of them, but I still have pictures of you.”
“You’re right,” He says, pushing himself off the front door and heading for the stairs. “I need to process what just happened, so I’m gonna go upstairs. Once I settle down, I’ll come find you.”
Gabe shouts enthusiastically, “I now pronounce you husband and wife! Merry Christmas everyone. Now, let’s go party!”
He can feel his palms become sticky. Oh god, what if he says the wrong thing? This could end so many ways.
Dean’s hips flex upwards, searching for contact. Castiel gives Dean what he wants. He grinds slow and filthy into Dean until they’re both panting for air between open-mouthed, wet kisses.
She places her hand on his shoulder and he doesn’t jump like she expects him to; he just releases a deep sigh with his gaze still fixed on the phone.
“I want –“ Dean rasps, sucking in shallow breaths and groaning when Castiel sucks wetly at the jutted edge of his exposed hipbone. “Cas – Need it. Now.”
Castiel gazes at the tiny cottage through the mist of rain, wondering what he will find behind the shiny oak door. They make a run from the driveway to the front door, but Dean fumbles with his keys before finally unlocking it. By the time they slip inside, they’re both drenched, so Castiel carefully peels off his sweater and hangs it by the front door. He places the box of pizza they picked up from the parlor down the street on the coffee table. Dean flicks on the lights, removing his shoes and jacket.
In shock, he braces himself against a rotten wooden beam, slick with moss, but Dean’s hands are much more grounding. He leans into Dean’s touch, his own hands reaching to curl into fists at the front of Dean’s shirt. Why must he be the messenger of this bad news?
They both shake their heads, clinging to each other, and Dean nods at Castiel. He lowers his gun and hopes Dean didn’t notice his tremor and the copious amounts of sweat dripping down his face.
Dean helps him sit down on the cold tile floor, “I’m not a goddamn idiot, Cas. I know what Gordon is capable of. I mean, I play football with him for Christ’s sake.” Grumbling about Gordon under his breath, he unzips his backpack and pulls out a small bottle of aspirin. He kneels beside Castiel and hands him the bottle before gesturing to his stomach, “Can I check to see how it looks?”
Dean’s hands reach up, cradling Castiel’s face as it contorts with anguish, the pain of the past evident in the cry that escapes his lips.
He wakes up a few minutes later, eyes stinging with tears and a sick feeling rooted in the pit of his gut. He reaches the toilet just in time, vomiting the contents of his stomach with violent force.
“You said you would never leave, and you did. You told me for months that you loved me and then you took it all back. You made me believe that it was all a game.”
do that to you? Where the hell were you?” The stench of liquor rolling off of John’s breath is strong, Dean wonders if he was out all night too.
The grin that breaks across his kid brother’s face could light up a freaking Christmas tree. They get out of the car and yank on their wetsuits, zipping each other up. Sam’s already got about two inches on Dean, which is really freaking terrifying considering the kid is four years younger than him. Dean’s not sure what Sammy’s doing to get so tall, but whatever it is, it’s working.
Cas leans in closer to Dean, their arms brushing, “I didn’t pay much attention to the service. God forbid anyone knows what I was actually thinking about.”
He doesn’t remember how he got back, but he knows that it is far past his curfew. Castiel bolts inside the house, tears streaming down his face. He goes to the kitchen in search of a water bottle; instead, he bumps into Ellen as he rounds the corner.
Once he starts his favorite Metallica tape, Dean turns to find Cas still standing by the door, looking around the room. There's something kind of adorable about the way Cas is looking at all of Dean’s family photos, the way his face lights up when he sees a picture of a family vacation or a birthday party, but Dean would never admit that.
Taking one last glance out onto the empty street, Castiel inhales deeply, wishing he could run for miles and never stop. Maybe if he sprouted wings and flew away his problems would disappear, or maybe they'd still weigh him down to earth. There is something about the dark night sky lit by the moon that makes Castiel want to fly towards the pale orb. It looks so lonely. It must need a friend. Cas takes a single glance at Dean and sees that the boy has been watching him. He nods a goodbye and heads back inside.
Balthazar raises his eyebrows as he reflects, scratching the stubble on his chin, “It must have been junior year of university, right? We met in a screen writing class and, well, the rest is history.”
From this angle, Castiel observes how Dean arches his back to meet Castiel’s hips as they snap into him, how his fingers dig into the sheets, as if he is searching for something in the thread count of white linens, how he plants his face into the mattress and moans without care. Once Cas is pretty sure he has Dean on the verge of orgasm, he slows his pace, gently guiding Dean to lay flush against the mattress as Castiel drapes his body over him. He rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, circling his tongue around the curve of Dean’s ear as he grinds his hips into Dean at an excruciating rate that sends a wildfire of sensation through Castiel’s nerves.
Waving her hand in dismissal, she turns and continues her speech, "Go on and flip the sign, we ain't got all damn day."
And he will be grateful for another chance to appreciate the beauty of living in this moment, with this man, on this God-forsaken planet.
“Okay, fine. You won’t tell me about your nightmares, then let’s talk about the house.” She scribbles something down before setting her pencil aside. “I know something happened in that house, Castiel. Please tell me. You will feel so much better if you just tell someone.”
“All the fucking time,” Dean whispers, holding Castiel’s gaze with tears in his eyes. “Every day, every hour, every second. I used to write you letters, but I could never bring myself to send ‘em. One time I even asked Gabe for your number, and he gave it to me, but I didn’t have the fucking guts to call.”
It’s a short drive that Castiel memorized by the third time he visited Dean since they’ve started seeing each other. Three blissful weeks of watching movies, driving along the coast, and laughing with his dreamy high school ex-boyfriend. They were practically inseparable, constantly calling and visiting each other throughout the day, and it was beginning to feel like it did before their falling out. Even now, being with Dean is as easy as breathing.
Tilting his head and looking Dean over, Gordon leans forward to ask, "You seeing Pam? I just caught you checking her out."
"He's home! Everyone get down," Sam whispers loudly, shushing everyone. They turn off the lights and crouch down, waiting for the door to swing open. Dean steps inside and turns on the light, calling out, "Is anyone home—"
“Because you told me to order those pills.” Castiel lies through his fucking teeth and says, “Those went missing last week from the medicine supplies stock and I reported it to you, remember?”
“Fuck off,” Castiel glares at Gordon, shoving his forearms against the larger boy's chest. It catches Gordon off guard but, instead of releasing Castiel, he tightens his grip on Castiel’s shirt, banging his head on the lockers behind him.
Desperate to feel the friction of Dean’s entire body against his, Castiel reaches below the blankets and shoves Dean’s boxers down past his thighs, freeing his trapped erection. As soon as Dean has kicked off the boxers completely, losing them in the blankets, he's rolling Castiel onto his back and settling between his spread legs.
"Okay, so hold onto the wall and try skating slowly. Just get a feel for it," Dean coaxes, placing his hand on Castiel's shoulder. The small gesture urges him on; he clings to the wall as he slowly rolls along. After a few minutes, he pushes off the wall and skates slowly alongside Dean.
Everything is so soft and nice and slow. Alcohol also has that effect on reality; it makes everything seem a lot prettier than it really is.
“I guess we'll see you there,” Castiel pats the man on the shoulder; he cringes at the touch – as if being gay is a disease – and takes his two children by the hand, leading them out of the tunnel.
Once again, Dean waits for an answer, but no one speaks up. He pushes past Ellen as she enters the room, and he rushes up the stairs. He kicks open Cas’ cracked door and yanks all the dresser drawers open, flinging the items within all over the room in search of something…anything. There must be a clue.
It’s been eight years since Castiel lived in Pacifica, always knowing that he’d have to move back one day, he just didn’t expect it to happen so soon. It’s not like he lives in complete denial of the fact that, no matter how much he avoids it, he’d have to return to the West Coast at some point. After he left home and went searching for bigger (and hopefully better) things, he decided that it was best to bury his life in Pacifica along with all of the other pieces of his life he prefers not to remember. Being here, in this moment, just goes to show how the world has a funny way of always bringing you back to the things you want to forget the most.
“I don’t know,” She shrugs her pretty little shoulders and sighs. “I just haven’t seen you in a while…”
screams. He wakes up screaming and thrashing in his bed, pushing the arms that were wrapped so firmly around him away and falling out of bed onto the hardwood floor.
In the end, though, isn’t every life a waste? That’s what Castiel has come to believe, at least. Castiel’s experience with life hasn’t given him much of a reason to keep on living, and maybe it’s the fact that he is living without reason to live that is such a waste. It doesn’t matter anyway, because everyone will end up
He throws on a pair of gym shorts and an old NYU sweatshirt, feeling at home in its purple frame, before gracefully running down the stairs and out the door with Lady at his heels. Being a slow, rather chubby dog, Laz likes to take her time on these walks and doesn’t really rush herself as she scopes out her new surroundings. Sometimes, if given the opportunity, she takes advantage of the fact that her leash extends rather far and enjoys walking ahead of Castiel. They’ve walked two blocks and have reached a picturesque cottage occupying a large corner lot. Laz slows her pace, stopping to sniff at the trimmed bushes and freshly cut grass, she takes her sweet time. Castiel waits patiently for her to finally do her business before picking up the mess with a plastic baggie just as someone steps out the front door of the cottage. Wearing a sweatshirt and a pair of blue jeans, Dean Winchester locks the door behind him.
it. This new life is not what I expected, and I feel – I don’t fucking know – I am scared, Dean, and I sincerely apologize for being human. For failing you.”
Castiel nods silently, wishing he could run, but John leaves without another word. Nervously, Castiel exhales and heads up the stairs to the restroom. Once the door is closed, he leans over the sink and waits to vomit. His entire body is shaking from head to toe. He can feel his stomach contracting within him. A small panic rises up his throat and squeezes his eyes shut. Minutes pass, and he finally allows his body to relax.
Dean moves then, body turning to exit the car in stumbling, rigid steps. Castiel holds him steady by the elbow, leading him to his cabin just to the right of the main hall.
And that is all Dean needs to hear apparently, because his mouth is on Castiel’s in an instant, sucking and licking and biting with urgency. His hands are like wildfire, surging over Castiel’s body and claiming it entirely. Standing, Dean pushes Castiel backward until they topple onto the bed together, franticly tugging at clothing until they reach skin. And this, Castiel thinks, is something he has not felt before; the need to be as close to Dean as humanly possible is nearly debilitating. An unexpected groan escapes Castiel when they finally press their naked bodies together for the second time that day. But this time it is entirely different. Hands on Castiel’s hips, pinning him to the creaking motel mattress, Dean swirls his tongue around Castiel’s and coaxes another moan from him. There is a word for this feeling.
Castiel picks up one of the photos and analyzes it for a moment. It’s a picture of him, probably around fifteen, laughing with a joint between his lips and his left arm slung across Meg’s shoulders. They’re smiling despite the obvious cut on Meg’s bottom lip and the fading bruise circling around Castiel’s right eye. These miniscule injuries are explicit reminders to him of the other, less obvious, scars their bodies contain in the photo; hidden behind clothes and skin. Andy is in the picture too, barely in the frame, but it’s definitely him. He’s sitting on the curb, smiling and looking up at them as the two older teens lean against a drug store in San Francisco. They had asked a random tourist to take the picture, shoving the camera in the woman’s hands before she could say no, and it’s the only picture Castiel has of the three of them. Is he the only person in the world who keeps or even has a photo of Meg or Andy? Castiel’s can’t imagine that there would be anyone else to remember two dead orphans.
Castiel yanks his shirt over his head in one smooth motion, tossing it to the floor. He flicks open Dean’s belt buckle, fingers racing to undo the button of his jeans as Dean pulls off his grey t-shirt. After a little more fumbling, they manage to extricate the remaining clothes from their bodies. Dean shoves his boxers down his legs with his free hand as he uses the other to guide Castiel down onto the bed, facing him.
Dean’s back hits the wall as the tears blur his vision; he falls to the floor in a heap. The room feels desolate, ugly, and painful. Slamming his fist on the floor, venting something between rage and frustrated agony, Dean feels the sharp pain of glass cutting into his hand, leaving him with nothing to do but to cry out. His entire body is shaking with sobs and he curses himself for being so fucking weak.
Shaking her head in disbelief, Jo laughs bitterly, “What if he leaves this house bloody and mute? Or dead?”
Tilting his head to the side, Cas gives him a faint smile, "Sit down on the bed. Take off your socks and shoes."
“You’ll what?” Raising his voice, Dean points an aggressive finger at his father, “You can’t keep a leash on me for my entire fucking life! Sooner or later, I’m gonna do something that you haven’t decided for me, might as well start now, right?”
Pulling away from the curb, Dean glances over his shoulder and asks, “What were you and Ellen working on in there?”
“I don’t know!” Dean shouts back and his voice cracks, “I thought that it would make things easier for you. That hating me and not having me would be easier for you than loving me and not having me. I was stupid and young, and I was way in over my head, alright?”
Dean chances a glance at his father, who seems to have zoned out. Mary is following every word the pastor says. Sam is looking wistfully to the left, most likely making googly-eyes at Jessica.
It’s beginning to annoy him how calm Dean is, and he keeps having to remind himself that Dean has been to the snow plenty of times. When Dean finally pulls up to the condos, Castiel is unbuckling himself and jumping out of the car before the engine is even cut off. He bounds over a sloping hill of crystal white and throws himself into it. The fresh powder makes a sound when he plops down onto it and he laughs, watching the flakes fall from the sky.
“Do you want to move to the backseat? There’s more room back there,” Dean’s hands are quick to work off Castiel’s coat and button-up.
Castiel fingers the charms on his bracelet as he sits on the bus, knowing that his next destination is coming up. He looks out the window, watching the passing vineyards and beautiful fields. It took him years to even try to track his estranged father down and even longer to work up the courage to come and see him. The bus stops and Castiel gathers his things before exiting onto the sidewalk.
Castiel takes a deep breath and reveals, “Just to get this out of the way, because I’m sure it’s going to come up, Balthazar and I dated on and off for a few years right out of college. We’ve been friends for longer than that. He will bring it up, and he will be an ass about it.”
Pam places a soothing hand on Jo’s back, “She’ll be home soon. I’m going into the city later; I’ll keep an eye out for her.”
His beating heart ricochets as he musters the strength to pull away. To demonstrate that he is capable of turning down even the most tempting of offers.
When they get into the car to head home, Dean doesn’t start the engine. He just sits there and stares out the windshield. The fluorescent lights of the diner cast a pale glow into the parking lot. A couple that was eating a few booths away from them exits the diner and walk to their car, hand in hand.
“You know exactly what I’m fucking talking about, Cas!” Trying to rein in his anger, Dean takes a deep breath, “You just don’t care…”
“I always knew you’d figure it out,” Castiel stirs his coffee with his finger. “What will you do after you get your Master’s?”
Dean scoffs and picks at a stray thread on the ugly green tie Sam let him borrow. It was Dean’s first tie, but Sam got it as a hand-me-down when Mary bought Dean two new ones, which Dean can’t find for the life of him.
“No,” Castiel whispers after a moment to consider this possibility. “It wouldn’t be.” Nodding in agreement, Dean stands and tucks his gun into the holster he wears around his thigh. Turning his back, Dean heads for the door, and Castiel considers calling after him, begging him to stay, to talk, to take him back. But the words catch in his throat, drowning him the second Dean is out of sight.
He really didn’t mean for it to come out so harshly. Out of fear and shame, he keeps his back turned, eyes on the gray expanse of the wall as he waits for Dean to cast him away forever.
Dean's lips move to cover Castiel's exposed chest, leaving him gasping for air. Fumbling with Dean's shirt, he manages to yank it off once Dean lifts his head from the younger boy's skin.
Dean and the others join a group playing “Never Have I Ever.” They all sit in a circle waiting for Cas to come back; a lot of the kids are putting their clothes back on to start the new round. Dean's cheeks are burning from Castiel’s comment. He can still feel Cas’ body flush against his. The thing is, Dean doesn’t get flustered around girls
That's when Dean walks in, right when Castiel pins Gabriel beneath him and struggles desperately for possession of the photo. Dean bursts through the door, grinning from ear to ear and babbling about some old car he just saw in the Safeway parking lot. It only takes a fraction of a second for his attention to zone in on Gabriel and Castiel rolling around on the floor.
“Accept the shitty hand you were dealt and improvise,” Castiel responds. “You were the one who told me to roll with the fucking punches.”
“He could come back, Dean,” She murmurs, pulling his head to her chest and listening to the violent breath that escapes his lungs. “You know how they do this sometimes. Maybe today is one of those days that he just needs to be alone.”
They know they should go back downstairs, but neither of them wants to. Instead, they lie down beside each other and tangle their limbs together like a cat’s cradle. Their high wore off an hour ago and now their bodies rest heavily with the reality that drugs seem to hide.
“No one would miss you,” He whispers, digging his fingernail into the soft fat of his inner thigh and wincing at the spark of pain. “You are unlovable.”
“Dammit, Cas!” Dean erupts, stomping into the room and slamming the door behind him. “Stop it! Stop lying, stop pretending, stop acting like I’m a fucking idiot!”
“So, you’re saying that we need to start doomsday prepping?” Ellen re-emerges from Bobby’s kitchen, setting a twelve-pack and a handle of brandy on the dining room table with little care. The bottles clink unceremoniously as Jo, Bobby, and Dean reach for a drink. She gazes at Dean, enraged with disbelief, “We gotta start hoarding toilet paper, canned food, hand soap; you’re telling us that’s all we can do?”
If kisses could kill, this one would. Dean’s certain that he would drop dead on the spot from all the unspoken love pouring out of Cas’ mouth and into his. And he would die happy.
Castiel’s about to retort, but Dean is quick to distract him. Slipping his fingers under the elastic band of Cas’ briefs, Dean’s hand clasps around the hard length of Castiel’s cock. Castiel throbs at the sensation, every blood vessel in his body threatening rupture.
“Strictly the unpleasant experiences…” He admits shyly, before turning his full attention to the half-naked teen sitting on the edge of the bed. He saunters over and settles himself between Dean’s spread legs, grabbing both sides of his face to kiss him properly. He pulls away to mutter, “Move up the bed.”
Dean catches up with him, grabbing a handful of tan trench coat as Castiel tries and fails to make a quick escape from Mr. Henricksen’s class.
“Cas, I need you to look at the map and figure out how to get to the other route from here,” Dean says, more a command than request.
Dean still doesn’t know what happened to Cas before he was in the Singer’s house. He knows what little he was able to gather and assume from slight comments and clips of conversations over the years; the information accumulating into a general picture of an overall scene, but pieces of the picture are still missing.
They head into the kitchen and find Mary waiting for them, dressed in a floor-length sage green dress, blonde hair falling in wisps around her face. Beyond the backdoor, the sounds of lively chatter and faint music waft into the room. Dean sneaks a quick glance to see that most people are seated in their chairs on either side of the aisle. At the very end of the stone garden walkway, Gabe stands just below the wooden trellis delicately encased in ivy, dangling above his head. Overhead, twinkling lights shine, trapezing across the yard to illuminate the cozy garden.
Either this is some selfish ploy to distract himself from Jo’s death or Dean means it. Wanting him here. Needing Castiel to stay. The words Dean uttered less than an hour ago echo in Castiel’s head, vibrating through his skull like the beginnings of a migraine. Pain waiting to reveal itself at any moment.
“We should head back,” Dean says abruptly and breaks the trance. “I have to make some lesson plans for this week, but I’ll walk you back to your place first.”
“DON’T YOU DARE TALK BACK TO ME!” Stepping closer and crowding into Dean’s space, John shouts down at his son with hot breath. His mother whimpers quietly in the doorway.
She shuffles over with her cane, “He has a cold and couldn’t make it to church today. His truck is making that sound again, though. He wants you to have a look at it, dear.”
The tightness in his throat builds as his eyes begin to water once again, and he struggles to keep himself calm.
And then she locks eyes with Dean for a second too long, communicating only in a way that close friends do, through their eyes and small expressions. Castiel only ever does that with Dean; that’s how he knows that Dean is currently dreading being left alone with Cas. He knows that look. As soon as Jo is gone, Castiel awkwardly shifts and moves closer to Dean.
“It didn’t feel right,” Dean chooses his words carefully, not wanting to give away too much. How exactly does he let Cas know that his 4-year relationship ended because he wasn’t over his high school boyfriend that he hadn’t spoken to for 8 years? “I didn’t love her like I should.”
“Cas, c’mere,” Dean murmurs, the joint dangling between his thumb and index finger in the most delicate position possible. Castiel edges closer as Dean brings the joint to his lips and inhales. Knowingly, Castiel leans forward and presses his mouth to Dean’s – inhaling the poisoned air that Dean exhales into him.
A lot of his things are still in storage, so he doesn’t have much to sort through at the Singer’s home besides clothes, books, and a few knick-knacks. There’s also all the stuff he left behind when he went off to college; he needs to figure out if any of it is worth keeping.
After the storm inside him settles and returns to the cold recesses of his mind, he listens to his breath steady, enjoying the feeling of Cas’ fingers in his hair. Three stories below them, they can hear the party roar as someone makes a touchdown on TV. The world goes on.
Her memory and personality are beginning to fade and change as the tumors in her brain grow and multiply day in and day out. She forgets Castiel’s name. She doesn’t remember where the bathroom is. She breaks down into tears or into a fit of laughter at the drop of a hat.
Gordon’s eyes track the way Dean clenches his jaw and tightens his hands into fists, breathing deeply through flaring nostrils, “If you’re such a goddamn know-it-all, then tell me what’s wrong with me, huh?”
“I know, baby,” Dean murmurs, pulling him close as Cas breaks down into tears. The action is so familiar that it’s nearly mechanical at this point. “I miss her too.”
“I could go upstairs and ask Jo to pick this glass out of you.” He stills, hands hovering, softly skimming the skin of Dean’s back with his fingertips. Castiel retracts his hands slowly, “Are you still angry with me?”
“We were wrestling…” Castiel offers, as soon as he realizes that Dean can’t form words, let alone a sentence in his state of complete shock.
Thankfully, he didn’t wet himself this time, but his shirt is damp with sweat and tears, so he changes into a new one. He stands in the middle of the room for a few minutes, just staring out the window.
Castiel takes the stairs two at a time, reaching the third floor out of breath and light-headed. At the top of the stairs, Lady Laz sleeps curled into a tight ball. He passes her quietly, trying not to disturb her. He scurries to his bedroom and locks the door behind him. For a moment, all he thinks of is catching his breath. He flashes back to all the times he’s entered this room gasping for breath and a clear mind. Panic attacks tend to sneak up on Castiel. He rushes to his bedside table, digging around and successfully pulling out a bottle of Ativan. Trembling, Castiel twists the lid off the pill bottle and shakes one pill out onto his shaking palm. He tosses it down the hatch and swallows it dryly, feeling the tiny ball lodge itself in his throat. Looking around the room, Cas finds his water bottle and takes a quick swig of the remaining liquid. The anxiety settles as the pill glides down his esophagus, but he’s still left with an ache at the center of his chest.
He shakes his head, flicking the butt of the cigarette off of the porch, “It’s none of my business, and she asked me not to.”
Once John turns away, Mary kisses her son’s forehead and scurries after him, while Sam lingers to smile at his brother in reassurance, “You did great, Dean. Don’t listen to him. He’s just a sore bastard because he can’t play for shit.”
“Jeez Cas, lower your voice, would you? We’re at church. At least try to behave yourself,” Dean mutters, smiling and waving at Mrs. Anderson from down the street. “Hi, Mrs. Anderson! How’s the husband?”
Jo ignores him entirely, maintaining her gaze on Dean, who shrugs in agreement with Castiel’s input.
“It was an accident,” Castiel mutters. Castiel recognizes the boy as Gordon. He's one of Dean's teammates. “I didn’t mean to.”
Castiel feels like absolute shit. It’s been exactly twelve hours since he discovered that he is out of those precious pink ovals that allow him to climb his way to the heaven that’s locked away in his mind. The withdrawal is starting to hit him hard now, wracking through his body with every second that slips by. Castiel shivers uncontrollably in the back seat of the Impala as Dean speeds down the endless and empty highway with Jo chattering away from the front seat. Castiel hates himself for hating her because she really is a nice girl. She just picked the wrong person to sleep with.
“I’m better than I used to be,” He contemplates this for a moment. “With you, I suppose I am happy.”
This is supposed to be a happy moment, Dean thinks. This isn't meant to be scary. "If you want out...we can - we can stop," He continues, although his body is betraying him. "You don't gotta do this, baby. We can call this entire thing off, and I promise I won't say a word about it ever again."
Castiel relishes in the sensation of being entirely consumed by Dean - the taste, the smell, the feel of him. Dean shudders when Castiel presses closer, shoving Dean’s hand away and slotting their cocks together.
“Alright, we’ll do it.” It is Jo who answers for the Harvelle women and, by the look on Ellen’s face, it is the final decision. “But what’s your end game, Dean?”
“You are such a baby,” Huffing a laugh of disbelief, he pinches Cas’ side playfully. “Live a little, kid. We can take the Impala and sleep in the car or something. Or my grandparents have a cabin in Tahoe we could borrow.”
Dean is grateful that Cas isn’t home when he pulls the Impala into the driveway. It gives him time to hide the evidence. He locks baby up and hurries inside, checking his watch as he enters the bedroom and goes to the safe he has hidden in the back of the closet. He puts in the five-digit code and the heavy door swings open. Dean reaches inside his pocket and pulls out the tiny black box that’s been burning a hole in his jeans for the last hour.
He smudged the line by accident and dropped his angel blade as soon as the fight started, leaving them at a disadvantage. Although Castiel has fought with a blade since the dawn of time, when he enters a battle now, he remembers that his death is imminent. Unlike Dean, who jumps at any chance to put himself in danger, Castiel is more cautious. He waits a second too long when pulling a trigger. He looks over his shoulder once, twice, sometimes three times before he realizes the bad guy is right in front of him, not behind him. He misses on his first swing more than he lands it. Dean’s becoming frustrated with every mistake Castiel makes, and it’s not going unnoticed.
At the time, his grace is intact, and he is undeniably celestial. But falling in love with Dean Winchester is Castiel’s first true taste of humanity – of being more human than heavenly – and he chases the high like he’s a junkie rather than an angel of the Lord.
The anger that rages through his veins is not what he wants nor needs, but somehow it is there, and Dean hates himself for it.
When Dean returns with a pair of flannel pajama bottoms and a loose white shirt, he finds Cas sitting down in the shower letting the water rush over him in steady stream. The look on Cas’ face is peaceful, as if the water is washing away all his worries. Dean turns off the shower and gets his friend dried off and into fresh clothes.
“That’s not legal,” Castiel argues, eyeing the bag curiously as Dean places it on a counter in the tiny kitchenette. “Where did you get that?”
He spends the next half hour pouring over the photos and letters and, a little after noon, he tiptoes down to the second floor to check on Ellen. She didn’t eat anything this morning, choosing to stick with a plain cup of black coffee, and she might be hungry by now.
"You've been stayin’ outta trouble," John Winchester appears next to him. Castiel straightens up and looks forward, refusing to meet the man's eyes. He continues, "I don't know what that boy sees in you. He's a good kid, and as far as I'm concerned, he ain't gonna let you keep him from success."
After he rescues Dean from Zachariah’s little “Back to the Future” stunt (which is Dean’s nickname for his time travel into an apocalyptic future), Castiel doesn’t leave. There is something in Dean’s voice that gives Castiel pause when he places his hand on Castiel’s arm and says, “Don’t ever change.”
“Cas, stop being so damn modest. You’ve been on the New York Time’s Bestseller list twice. You have book signings, tours, and T.V. interviews all the time!”
Dean essentially becomes Gordon’s bitch. He tags along to parties, cleans Gordon’s car, runs errands for him. Basically, the only thing Dean doesn’t have to do is suck Gordon’s dick. He even sets Gordon up with an old girlfriend, knowing that the bastard has no good intentions whatsoever, but following along all the same. Dean is constantly on edge – always looking over his shoulder to make sure Gordon won’t sneak up behind him and fuck him over one last time.
Dean doesn’t hide his devilish grin when he settles himself at the lower end of the bed, slicking lube onto his fingers and circling Cas’ entrance. Castiel’s breath hitches, hips bucking at the cool sensation as Dean slides a finger into him, crooking it upwards and hitting his prostate instantly. A long and throaty moan breaks free from Castiel’s panting mouth. He works his finger in and out of Castiel, stretching him wider before adding a second, and then a third, finger. By the time Dean removes his fingers, Castiel is on the brink of an orgasm, twitching and gasping with every slight movement of Dean’s fingers.
She laughs, patting his knee, “There isn’t going to be a difference. You like him. That’s all that matters. Seriously, Dean, who gives a shit if you like dick?”
"Oh! Fuck!" Dean shouts, digging his nails into the leather. He curses himself for possibly damaging the seat, but the world feels like it depends solely on him having this fucking orgasm.
Dean stares blankly at his notes. The room is quiet; the intensity of it could slice through stone. He knows everyone thinks he’s an idiot, even Dean thinks so.
Castiel holds Dean’s gaze in the mirror for another second, but Dean leaves it at that, tearing his green eyes back to the road and continuing to drive in silence, Led Zeppelin playing faintly in the background. Jo picks up where she left off. The sound of her voice is grating.
“It sounds stupid now, but I always felt like I was having a conversation with you when I wrote in your books. Like we were exchanging ideas.” Dean chuckles to himself and scuffs his foot on the wood floor, “I dunno. It’s stupid…”
, man,” Dean cringes as he looks over the few clothes Castiel has laid out on his bed. Dean runs a hand over his face, still sweaty from the football game he played earlier, “No wonder Jo called me over here to help you.”
Finishing up the last of the unpacking, Dean closes the cupboards and leans against the kitchen counter.
“It really isn’t too hard to gather that you two are together, Castiel. I mean, you are very fond of him and you hardly talk about anyone else when you do actually talk to me.”
They’re making a quick trip to the nearest convenience store to steal what’s left of their cigarettes. The smokers back at Bobby’s are becoming irritable, and that’s the last thing they need right now. People are as high strung as it is.
A small smile creeps into Bobby's face. Castiel catches his eye and recognizes the look as adoration, and he knows then that Bobby cares for him.
Castiel thinks he says it out loud, but he can’t be sure. In the morning, he will only remember the dream-like film of freckles and the hue of woodland ivy. He will recall the red sky, baked in a summer haze outside his window, sun fading fast. When the sky awakens bathed in crystal blue the next morning, Castiel will find Dean asleep in the chair beside him.
Confusion flashes across Balthazar’s face, and Castiel watches as the wheels turn until finally it clicks, and Balthazar meets his gaze.
Cas shrugs in defeat and follows Dean out the door. They drive across town to the local grocery store and park the van. The store is packed with Thanksgiving shoppers, but Cas is pretty good at navigating through large crowds by making awkward, intense eye contact with other shoppers until they move out of his way. The more Cas does it, the funnier it is, and Dean wishes he could record it or something.
On the dance floor, Dean smoothly pulls Cas to him, placing his hands on the small of the younger man’s back as Cas snakes his arms around Dean’s neck. Etta James’ sultry voice crackles through the speakers.
Crawling across the floor, he goes to his dresser and opens the bottom drawer. Ruffling through the clothes, he pulls out the newly framed picture of Dean and him at his birthday party. Running his thumb across the frame, he's startled by a knock at the door. He shoves the picture under his bed.
Now, Castiel is wishing he’d kept at least one hidden box, one little bag, one pill to take the edge off. But he didn’t – he was good and he did as he was told. He gave it all up, because Dean begged him to get clean.
“I’m ready,” Castiel gestures to his flannel shirt and hand-me-down jeans. Holding up the novel, he motions to the cover. “And this is for fun.”
“Yes, he’s got this grand plan to showcase how your little teenage romance saved him from himself,” Balthazar rambles on. “You know, after everything he went through, he feels like his relationship with you is pivotal. He learned to trust again.”
When he wakes, he doesn’t know what time it is or how he is going to get back. He touches his mother’s headstone one last time, pressing his lips to the cool granite before standing.
At her last doctor’s visit, the doctors told them to make her as comfortable as possible, handing Bobby and Cas a brochure for a hospice home in the area. But they knew that Ellen doesn’t want to die in a place that isn’t her home, surrounded by her family, so Cas tossed the brochure as soon as they walked out of the office.
Standing next to Dean’s bed, wearing only a pair of plain blue boxers, looking extremely kissable, is Cas. He’s all pale skin and tight, defined calves and shoulders. Dean’s eyes follow the small line of hair that leads down from Cas’ navel and disappears under the waistband of his underwear.
They pull up to the church and make their way in, saying hello to neighbors and friends from town. Dean catches sight of Ellen and the foster kids lined up three pews from the front. The Winchesters take a seat on the other side of the aisle, four pews back.
It was crimson and sticky, splattered on the walls, but the room was black with no lights or doors or windows. Shackled and chained and covered in crimson goo sat Dean in a rickety wooden chair. Standing above him with a knife in his hand stood Alistair, smiling at Castiel wickedly before he slit Dean’s throat. Cas listened to the gurgling screams of Dean choking on his own blood before he woke up screaming himself.
He gives in then, allowing Dean the satisfaction of the pressure and rhythm his hand can provide. Closing his eyes, Castiel relishes in the little sounds and movements coming from Dean as he pumps his fist with ease. Dean unravels for him, shifting over to lie on his back and grabbing at the back of Castiel’s neck to bring him down for a wet kiss. In slow desperation, they undress each other in smooth, practiced motions. Their bare bodies glide against one another, eliciting wispy sighs and moans from the both of them.
On cue, Castiel takes two of Dean’s fingers in his mouth, sucking on the rough edges and hard lines until Dean pulls his hand away and nudges Cas’ legs apart. He has a general idea of what’s about to happen, but he trusts Dean to know what he’s doing. Exposed and slightly nervous, Castiel tenses when Dean swipes on slick finger across the entrance to his asshole. It’s a strange sensation, but not unpleasant.  Dean must notice this, because he leans down to gingerly kiss the worry from Castiel’s brow before slowly shifting down the bed again. Castiel is about to protest, wishing Dean would kiss him more, but his thoughts come to a halt when Dean takes Castiel’s cock into his mouth, swallowing down to the base. His back arches involuntarily as his hips jerk of their own accord. Castiel is only partially aware of Dean sinking a spit slicked finger into him until Dean crooks his fingers to the right and –
Jesus Christ – he’s so fucking high right now. Why did he think this was a good idea? Act normal. Back straight. Don’t say a word. Eyes to the ground. Maybe Dean won’t notice; maybe he –
“It was mostly gibberish,” Dean sighs in response, scratching Laz behind the ears one last time before standing back up. “You’ve got nothing to worry about.”
"Geez, someone needs to get laid," Dean grumbles, looking at the retreating form of the waiter. He turns to Cas with a wide grin stretched across his face and hums happily, "God, you look so freakin' gorgeous right now, Cas."
“My god, no. I had no idea. Is that why you’re here?” Robert takes a step closer to Castiel with the intention to place a comforting hand on the boy’s shoulder, but Castiel shifts away. He doesn’t want this man touching him. “Do you need a place to stay?”
Silently, Dean obeys and stares at the ceiling as Castiel pours a generous amount of lube onto his fingers. When he looks back over at Dean, he finds him in a complete state of terror. Castiel leans forward and kisses him firmly. “Calm down, Dean. It won’t hurt,” Castiel grabs a pillow with his dry hand and says, “Lift your hips.” Dean does, and Castiel places the pillow beneath him. Pressing a kiss to the shell of Dean’s ear, Castiel positions a finger at Dean’s entrance and asks, “Are you ready?”
Castiel brings the joint to his lips and inhales slowly, savoring the tangy and dense taste as it overwhelms his tastebuds. His head rushes instantly, sending him into a soothing euphoria. All of the anxiety that constantly rages through him dulls to a low thrum. He exhales deeply and tips his head back to stare up at the night sky.
Dean takes a seat on the bed next to Castiel. “Shut up, Jo,” When Dean turns his head, Castiel has his firm gaze on him. Dean can’t pull his eyes away. It seems so cliché, the way he feels like he can get lost in Cas’ eyes. They're like swimming pools, just waiting for him to drown in.
He collapses onto the musty tan loveseat in front of the TV, resting his head on its unusually high back, and allows himself to sink into the cushions. He is floating. Disconnected from the room, the car commercial filtering through the TV’s speaker, the smell of popcorn beside him, Castiel is free. His brain does not whir with thousands upon thousands of worries; it is as quiet as angel radio was. Is. As angel radio is.
“Good game,” John grumbles, patting his son on the back. “You got a little lazy at the end there, though.”
Normally, Castiel wouldn’t notice if someone slept in a different room, but he does notice that Dean stopped sleeping on the cot in the infirmary two nights ago. He notices the way Jo and Dean spend more time together; the way she dotes on him, tending to his injuries and helping him around the house. He notices when Dean comes out of her bedroom as Castiel quietly tiptoes down the stairs at the crack of dawn. He notices the hickey peeking out from under Dean’s shirt collar.
Katie Couric flashes a broad smile towards the main camera as the stagehands count down from five. She speaks evenly, “Good morning, America! Today, I am joined by one of the youngest and most fascinating authors in the nation. Some people have dubbed him the new Kurt Vonnegut. It’s my pleasure to introduce, Castiel Singer. How are you this morning Castiel?”
“Winchester!” Gordon grabs at Dean’s shoulder once he’s adjusted, pulling him up so that they are face to face, “What the
“More than anything,” Dean cries out when Castiel slips his fingers out, pulling away and lining the head of his cock at the entrance of Dean’s ass. He grips at Dean’s hips as he sinks into a tight warmth that engulfs him, sending electric currents through his entire body. He thrusts into Dean, driving him into the mattress with all the force he thinks Dean can handle.
"You did not!" Gordon shouts in disbelief, covering his mouth with one hand, "Shit. That was before Christmas. It's been like two months!"
Dean gives him a sly wink and steps away for a moment while Castiel checks in and gets the keys to their room. When Castiel returns to him with the keys in hand, Dean grins from ear to ear and quietly asks, “You’re gonna let me pay you back for this, right?”
Castiel replies with a smile, “Yes. I had to get a job to pay for it, but I couldn’t think of anything else you’d like.” He points a delicate finger at the signature and gazes at Dean carefully, “It’s authentic. I mean, look at it.”
Without a word, Castiel obeys. Having located the pajamas under Dean’s instruction, he sheds each layer of clothing. Taking off clothing is a painfully mundane experience. First, he removes his shoes and the trench coat, and then his suit jacket. In a neat pile on the dresser, Castiel stacks each item. He commits to memory the feeling of slipping each button from its hole on his starched shirt and how the knot of his blue tie loosens with a slight tug. When he is clad in the borrowed pair of sweatpants and t-shirt, Castiel silently retreats to his spot on the bed, pulling back the covers to slide underneath them. The blankets shift as Dean flips onto his side, facing Castiel.
Mary reaches her hands out, wrapping her two sons in a hug, and whispers, “I couldn’t ask for better boys. You both turned out to be strong and loving men. I’m so proud.”
Inside there are walls upon walls of ocean with beautiful sea creatures. They swirl and twist in the salty water, zooming past the glass wall and going on about their circles, well aware that this ocean only goes so far.
“You’re avoiding me,” Castiel insists, his voice echoing off the tiled walls. “I don’t understand why, but you are, so don’t bother denying it.”
Setting his book aside, Dean lies back down on his side, facing Cas, “You don’t deserve something like that. You don’t deserve any of it.” Slowly, Dean reaches out a hand and turns Cas’ head to face him, “You deserve something beautiful, and that…that ain’t beautiful.”
Dropping his hands from Dean’s head and clutching at the sheets, Castiel lets out a strangled moan as Dean swallows Castiel’s shaft down to the base, swirling his tongue on each upstroke. Curiously, Dean flicks his tongue over the tip and smiles when Cas releases a heavy whine from the back of his throat. He expertly presses his tongue against the glans of Castiel’s cock, coating it with thick saliva. Slipping the head back into his mouth and hollowing out his cheeks, Dean sucks and bobs his head to build a rhythm.
"Oh shit..." Clutching at Dean's shoulders, he grapples for some sense of reality when Dean takes his throbbing cock into his mouth and slowly begins pumping his finger in and out of him. Castiel shudders helplessly, practically sobbing obscenities as Dean adds a second finger. All his attention is focused on the sensation of Dean stretching him wide. He can feel his impending orgasm beginning to build and fears that he might come before Dean is even inside him.
Sliding his hands under Castiel’s shirt and pressing a hungry kiss to the corner of Castiel’s mouth, Dean’s touch is insistent. The pull of his lips is suffocating, drawing all strength from Castiel’s body.
“Hey, listen to me…” The nurse gently pats his back and lowers her voice to a sweet tone that hums in Dean’s ears, “I need you to take a deep breath, and I need you to be strong so that we can help her.”
Dean licks at the curve of Castiel’s collarbone, soothing the bruise, and hums in response. He slots their hips together and returns to Castiel’s mouth, biting at his lower lip for entrance. Castiel opens his mouth and their tongues meet, dancing. Of their own accord, Castiel’s hands roam over Dean’s body, sliding down Dean’s back and grabbing his ass. Castiel’s thoughts are preoccupied by the hardening length of Dean’s cock pressed against the inside of his thigh. He feels his own erection growing, trapped inside his jeans. Rough fingertips brush the skin of Castiel’s toned stomach peeking out of his t-shirt as Dean’s hands slide under his shirt, dragging his fingernails down Castiel’s chest.
Dean pulls two large bottles of bleach off the shelf and mutters, “Next time, we gotta get two fucking carts. Go grab another cart, babe, and get the medicine we need from the pharmacy section, y’know, like the cold and flu shit. Ibuprofen. Gas-X. Stock up on a bunch of it, because this might be out last run before the outbreak.”
Mary putters around the kitchen, “Well, you know how he is about school.” She idly opens the oven and slides the pan inside, “That reminds me: I got a call from Mr. Henricksen today.”
“You don’t want me, Dean,” Castiel insists, but his voice catches as he tries to maintain his composure.
Gordon snaps his fingers in Dean's face, refocusing his attention, "Winchester. What the hell has gotten into you?"
Scuffing his heel against the banister, Castiel takes a deep breath to prepare himself. He follows the familiar voice coming from the kitchen. Dean sits at the kitchen table, glaring at the papers in front of him with a concentration that cannot be broken.
As if he can’t believe the words coming out of Dean’s mouth, John takes longer than necessary to decide what to say next, which only allows Dean more time to pull on his other shoe and open the front door. John’s about to unleash hell, but Dean slips out the door and slams it behind him. He runs to his car and drives away, leaving his father yelling at him from the doorway.
Castiel kisses the side of Dean’s head, running his hands down the other man’s bare back and pulling him closer, under the covers. They touch like this on rainy days when they know they won’t be expected downstairs before 10 A.M. and they can enjoy the crash of rain on the old roof, streaming down the window in a cascade of glass and water. A good storm will drown out any noise.
He makes his way to Cas, stopping just inches from the boy. They stare at each other, the space between them growing smaller as the gaze intensifies, until it all becomes too much, and he looks away. Dean’s not sure what Cas is thinking about, but all Dean can imagine is personally taking off Cas’ clothes for him. Despite the urge, Dean leads Cas to his closet.
Nervously, Dean watches Gordon walk away and turns back to whoever is up to bat. Cracking his neck, he winds up his arm.
The first time Castiel follows Dean into a suicide mission, he’s in love with the reckless and battered man who he rescued from the pits of Hell. This is his first indication of an angel’s capability to feel as a human does. It reminds him of taking flight, but better.
Although, a mess implies the possibility of being clean, and he knows fully well that he will never be pure. Messiness has a cure, but trauma does not. Trauma is not a side effect of laziness or time – trauma is the outcome of circumstance beyond control, and Castiel knows that his anxiety, his pain, his suffering is anything but messy. It’s destructive. It destroys lives, specifically his own.
They urgently pull away at the sound of the elevator dinging, signaling that they have arrived on the tenth floor, and briskly walk down the hallway without a word. Castiel swipes the key card at the door, opening it as Dean hurries inside, dropping his bags on the floor and turning to see Cas shut the door behind him. Taking a step into Dean’s space, Cas drops his own bags with a thud, pushing Dean up against the nearest wall. He slots their mouths, licking and sucking in Dean’s mouth. His hands skillfully rid Dean of his leather jacket and sweater, flinging them to the floor without care.
Most of the pictures are random snapshots of Dean or one of his friends; there’s a few of the city or the beach, but Castiel really just likes taking pictures of people. Jo continues to finger through the stack, holding up a photo of Castiel and asking, “Who took this?”
The last little bit comes out a bit strained, but the words still settle over Castiel and paralyze him. Once he rips his eyes away from Dean, he sits back and listens closely to the sound of summer rain beginning to fall on the roof of the Impala. Then, faintly, Castiel hears the roar of an engine and the crushing sound of tires of gravel. Dean notices the sounds too and straightens up a bit, glaring into Castiel’s eyes and repeating himself.
It just so happens that John Winchester decides to walk in through the back door at the exact moment that Dean and Cas are walking in the front. The uneasy feeling in Dean’s stomach starts. Luckily, John grabs a cold one from the fridge and goes back out to the garage, failing to notice the two boys heading upstairs to Dean’s room.
“Oh, bite me,” Dean snaps back, but there’s no real anger in his voice. Instead, he winks at Castiel and smiles, tongue peeking out between his teeth.
The house is fifteen minutes from town, out in the country, which is far away enough to avoid any noise complaints but close enough to town to get home tonight. It’s what Dean keeps referring to as “the awesomest party place.” It doesn’t really matter to Castiel. He’s happy to be with people; it’s not every day he feels like he actually has friends.
“No.” Reaching up and cupping Dean’s face in his hands, Castiel replies, “I hurt at night when he appears in my dreams. I hurt at school where no one understands me. I hurt when I’m alone and my mind gets the best of me. I just hurt, and now my hurt is getting to you, but I’m selfish and I don’t want to give up the one thing that makes me hurt less.”
Everyone is settled at their designated seats in the Singer house. The table has food as far as the eye can see and more people around it than Dean thinks is necessary. It’s always been like this: year after year, more people come as more people are taken in by the Singers. There is a lot of laughter and good conversation in the room as everyone piles their plates with unreasonably sized servings of various dishes. They all dig in and allow the conversations to continue through stuffed mouths.
This Cas has control. This Cas is strong, demanding, and relentless. Dean loves this Cas with a ferocity that scares him at times. He adores the way in which Cas just knows exactly what to do and how to do it, leaving Dean aching for more. The other Cas is quiet and unsteady, having to hand over the power to Dean. The other Cas knows nothing about receiving the pleasure that he so willingly gives because he fears that he is unworthy of it. Dean has tried so damn hard to show him just how much he deserves to be worshipped, but that's hard to do when he can't touch the younger boy without him falling apart. He still loves him deeply, though.
Ungracefully, like he’s forgotten the use of his arms and legs, Castiel scrambles out of the car and into the rain. John Winchester stomps over to him and snags the collar of his jacket in his fist, bringing their faces close together and growling, “If I ever catch you trying to turn my son into one of you again, I swear I’ll kill you.” John smiles at the terrified and utterly wrecked expression on Castiel’s faces before huffing with amusement, “Hell, I’d kill ya’ now if I wasn’t sure Bobby was gonna beat the goddamn queer out of you when you get home.” With another cruel grin, he shoves Castiel onto the ground and spits towards him, yelling, “Now get the fuck outta here and don’t you ever go near either of my boys ever again, you hear?”
“Wonderful,” The ash flicks off the cigar with a snap of Balthazar’s wrist, landing in the ash tray to the side of him. “I’ll give Bela a call, and we’ll start talking about the kind of appearances we should schedule for you in the coming months. It’s a good thing that you’re in California; we can market it better that way. You’ve returned to your roots to truly and authentically write this book. The press will eat it up.”
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but Castiel beats him to it, “Please, Dean.” The plea dissolves in the following silence, causing Castiel to reach up and place his trembling hand on top of Dean’s. With a sharp sense of uncertainty, Castiel drags Dean’s hand down his chest with his own, closing his eyes as he stops just below his belly button and inhales sharply, “Tell me.”
He hasn’t consumed an illicit substance in three days, but it took a lot of coaxing for Castiel to finally divulge where he hid his drugs. Dean practically tore their old room apart before Castiel admitted to having other stashes on various parts of the property. It took Dean all of thirty minutes to collect everything.
“Oh, shut up,” Dean rolls his eyes and steps away, walking around the living room to plop down onto the couch. Castiel follows Dean with his eyes, taking in the way Dean glides through the room. His tall frame drapes across the couch cushions, and he smirks when he catches Castiel watching him, “Take a picture, Cas; it’ll last longer.”
“Yes,” Castiel says, but the word is a thick stone in his throat, weighing him down with the expectation of it. He wants to reach out, take Dean’s hand, bring it to his lips and kiss each knuckle. A silent token of his appreciation for Dean’s diligent work.
“Oh, c’mon Jo, it’s not that often…” The heat instantly spreads to his cheeks in embarrassment, Castiel looks away from her and seats himself at the bay window.
He just picked up the ring at the jewelers. Flipping the lid open, Dean runs a gentle finger across the plain white gold engagement band and sighs. Is he really going to do this? They’ve been together for less than a year at this point, but something about Cas makes Dean feel like it doesn’t matter. Their short amount of time together thus far is only a testament to how unbreakable their bond truly is.
Missouri lets him go, promising to lock up before she leaves, and Castiel thanks her hurriedly. He goes directly to his bike to unlock it, speeding off as soon as it is free.
“Oh, okay,” Sliding down in the seat and bending his typically straight posture, Cas closes his eyes and hums along to the radio as Dean drives.
“Hey mom,” Gingerly, Dean hangs his keys and coat by the front door, slipping his shoes off. “It smells good in here! When’s Sammy gonna be here?”
Castiel greets her with a smile and takes his seat on the tall stool behind the counter, "Great, thank you for asking."
“We need your origin story,” Balthazar shrugs, lifting a cigar to his mouth and lighting it, the smoke wafting into the air in a wispy plume. “And we need all of it – not just bits and pieces.”
In the wake of his leaving, Castiel considers making a disappearance of his own, but he decides to stay. Later that night, Dean comes home from the bar smelling like beer, cheap perfume, and sex. Castiel now understands what needing air really means.
Castiel walks over to the window and admires Dean quietly, "I'm sure it will be different." His reassurance is ingenuine and Dean can't help but roll his eyes. Castiel snorts and admits, "You are right. It really won't be different at all. Only when you die, will you be different."
“Cas?” Dean’s voice crackles through the air like static on an old radio. There is less tone to it than before, as if the harmonies overlaid within his voice have been discarded carelessly and lost forever. “Cas, what’s wrong?”
Rolling over in bed, Dean yawns and is rewarded with a mouthful of soft black hair. He grumbles to himself quietly, trying not to wake the sleeping boy beside him. The clock glows a faint 6:02 AM, and Dean sighs in relief, realizing that Cas slept through the night without a single nightmare. He can’t keep himself from smiling, knowing that Cas is getting a little bit better. After watching Cas break down over and over and over again, it was easy to wonder what was even left of him.
But now, it is damp and dark. The stench of mold filters through the wooden barn. The smell of cigar smoke and the sounds of slot machines are a distant memory. Tiny streams of rain trickle down through holes in the ceiling, and Castiel quietly wonders why the state of Washington must be so wet. They had tracked three djinns to this location, but the lead turned out to be a waste of time.
The other picture is of Castiel in his room at the Singer’s. Jo took it for her Advanced Photography class in her senior year of high school. He’s bent over a notebook, sitting at his bay window. The light in the room illuminates only half of his face and the picture radiates a loneliness that Castiel recalls so precisely. The picture was taken just weeks after he arrived at the Singer’s.
He presses his ear to the door and hears the telltale signs of Dean stomping upstairs. When the footsteps near the bathroom door, Castiel swings the door open and drags Dean inside. With his body wedged between the door and Dean's body, he has nothing to do but wait.
Dean lessens his grip on Cas’ wrists and stands up. He coaxes him into the water, and they paddle out to where Sam is riding a small wave. Cas keeps complaining about how cold the water is and refuses to take a piss in his wet suit even though it’ll warm him up.
Urgently, he shoves the hem of Cas’ t-shirt up his chest and kisses the revealed skin. Castiel groans in response, sliding his hands into Dean’s hair and tugging gently. As Dean's mouth goes to work sucking dark marks onto Castiel's chest, his hands unfasten the younger boy's low-slung jeans and push them down his thighs.  He moves down swiftly and takes Cas’ half-hard cock into his mouth.
Behind the photo, Castiel’s books are propped up against a large collection of Kurt Vonnegut novels. He walks over and brushes his fingers across the titles of his novels, pulling one from the shelf and flipping it open. Inside, Dean’s neat scrawl etches the corners of pages, annotations scattered throughout the book.
With practiced stealth, he climbs up the trellis leading to the Dean’s roof. The window is already cracked when he gets to it, so he pushes it open and clambers inside as gracefully as possible. Closing the window behind him, Castiel toes off his shoes and scampers across the room to the blanketed figure curled up in bed. Dean grumbles when Castiel nudges him over, crawling under the blankets and pressing their bodies together.
She raises her eyebrows, the corners of her mouth turning upwards into a smug smile. She knows. Of course, she knows.
Mary beams, “I guess you're right.” She turns to Dean, “Okay, we'd better get going. What are you heading off to do today, Castiel?”
Crowding into Dean's space with hate in his eyes, Gordon snarls, "The thing is, Winchester, I've made you my business."
"Alright, son. I'm Missouri and I think you just got yourself a book and a job," She sits back in her chair and smiles warmly at him, eyeing him up and down.
The unsettled feeling shapes itself into anger and he finds himself biting the inside of his cheek to keep from screaming at her, “You don’t know what happened.”
These are the reasons why Castiel doesn’t tell her, because why would he burden another human being with the hell inside his head? That is not helpful; it’s inhumane. He will never see the good in pouring his heart out to another person and he will never see the good in letting others know how weak you truly are. That is not helpful; it’s stupid.
“I like it, Sammy. It’s gorgeous, and you can have the wedding and reception here which would make it easier on you guys.” Glancing over his shoulder at the winery’s front office, Dean exhales, “They might give you a discount too, because we know the owners.”
“It could be,” Like a secret, the words leave Dean’s lips in a quick wisp of air. Their lips brush together for a fraction of a second, igniting a need in Castiel’s chest. Castiel opens his blue eyes to find a pair of emerald green orbs looking back at him with a plea hidden beneath the surface. Dean whispers, “Cas, I’d like to kiss you if that’s okay with you.”
The orange bottle opens with a satisfying pop, the little white tablets taunt him in the dull light of the motel room, and he tosses two into his mouth, swallowing them dryly. He pockets two more into his jeans. The action feels forbidden – a dirty secret between him, the bottle, and his palm – but he doesn’t regret it, knowing that he’s going to be stoned out of his mind in about an hour. Will Dean notice? No, probably not if he takes his own dose. He catches the eye of the demon in the corner and shoots her a threatening look. Dropping one more pill into his flattened hand, Castiel returns to Dean in the bathroom, pushing down the anxiety settling in his stomach.
They sit there in contented silence, acknowledging that their friendships here may not last beyond the four years that high school gives them. They recognize how insignificant this could be if they let it slip away as easily as it comes, understanding that life is temporary at every point in time.
Lifting his hips to match Castiel, Dean starts to babble mindlessly. He winds his hand around his cock and starts stroking to the harsh rhythm. “Shit - Cas, there, right there. Fuck, iloveyousomuch…harder, Cas. Need you. Never, ever gonna stop loving you. You’re so goddamn beautiful; do y’know that?”
There’s a long pause, because honestly, Dean doesn’t know what the hell Cas is gonna do when he leaves. Jo won’t be around to keep him company, Sam’s gonna be busy with school and varsity basketball, and Anna isn’t necessarily Cas’ favorite person to be around. No one at school talks to Cas except for Dean and his friends. People just don’t understand the kid. Dean doesn’t blame them; Cas’ is weird and awkward, he stares too much, and he doesn’t sugar coat things. He’s just different.
It feels as though time has slowed while Castiel drinks in the sight of Dean, who walks back to him without a word. Dean's hands flutter down Castiel's stomach and graze the outline of his erection through his jeans. Soon, Castiel's boxers and jeans are in a heap at his feet.
“I’d take your last name,” Cas admits, lifting his head from Dean’s shoulder to look at him. “But I’m only taking it, because it does have nice ring to it.”
An unsettled feeling rises in his chest and he averts his gaze from Dr. Carter’s. Eye contact is the key to a person’s innermost thoughts, and he is not going to allow her to use that against him. He keeps his mouth shut and stands, walking over to the bookshelves that line the walls of the room instead.
Jo's opening her mouth to ask something else, but he cuts her off by shutting the door and jogging over to the bookstore. The smell of old books hits him instantly when he pushes open the door. He smiles at the woman behind the counter and walks over to her. "Do you happen to have any signed copies of Vonnegut's novels?"
“I was having an affair and I decided I was happier with the other woman I was seeing…” Robert’s voice fades, never finishing the thought.
He can feel Dean’s fingers fumble with the zipper of his jeans. He isn’t ready for this. He doesn’t want to spoil it all just yet. If it were any other boy who could just give Castiel that tingle and pinch of satisfaction and recklessness, that microscopic pain that starts in his lungs and spreads to his heart and legs and fingertips... But Castiel pushes Dean’s hand away. Dean is not any other boy. This is entirely different. Castiel isn’t just using Dean to spark his internal turmoil. No, Dean is Castiel’s chance at being
“No, it’s not stupid at all,” Castiel remarks honestly. “I like that you felt that way; I want all my readers to feel a connection to me.”
Hesitantly, Dean sighs, “Call me later, okay? I want to know if you make it through the day.” With that said, Dean leaves the beaten boy on the cold tile floor. Alone.
“Good people are gonna die on the way over to Gull Point,” Dean announces defeatedly. “We’re gonna leave here with thirty and arrive there with twenty, because there are hundreds – hell – probably
“What?” Balthazar’s face shifts, confusion turning to surprise in the blink of an eye. “You haven’t told him yet?’
Cas’ quiet demeanor transforms into fear and rage and god knows what else, “You don’t understand! He’ll
Rarely, if ever, do they interact with anyone beyond Bobby. But today, Dean receives a call from Sam. He’s hiding out in Arizona, attempting to live a normal life as a grocery bagger, but Lucifer continues to visit Sam in his dreams. He begs Dean to meet up again. Screaming at Dean through the phone, Sam says that he’s certain he’ll say yes if he has to be alone. In the end, he doesn’t get the response he is hoping for. When Dean hangs up the phone, he runs a tired hand over his face and grabs a beer from the minifridge, twisting off the top with anger.
Once they return from dinner, Cas and Dean walk through the dunes to the beach and settle themselves into the cool sand. Tucked away in their own quiet cove, they give into the simple and comforting touches that they hide away in broad daylight. The sun sets over the water and sets it afire with golden waves and shimmering ripples. In the distance, there is the faint sound of music and roaring laughter coming from their campsite.
“Cas! Where are your clothes?” Sam calls out to him as he slams the front door and crosses the street in Dean’s plaid boxers.
There isn't even a second for Castiel to catch his breath before Dean is on him, pressing him to the nearest wall and covering Castiel's mouth with his own. Dropping his extra clothes to the floor, Castiel reaches up and cradles Dean's head in his hands as the older boy licks his way into Cas' mouth.
Well, he used to go out when he lived in the city. He used to sneak out quite often. Late at night, under the cover of darkness, he’d run off to a club or a party and sneak in somehow. But he has never been to a high school party.
“Promise?” Castiel is acutely aware of the way their bodies meld together as whimpers into Dean’s chest, “You have to promise me that you won’t leave me again.”
“I know.” Leaning back on the bed by resting on his elbows, Cas murmurs, “I’m working on all the other reasons. What do you live for?”
Dean can’t help but grin at that, especially when Jessica chimes in, “He probably wouldn’t look as good as you do in that uniform either.” Sam rolls his eyes and she laughs, because this is so very typical of them and Dean is so fucking happy to have them around.
A fever dream. That’s what Dean’s hands feel like – a fever dream – something partially lucid, close enough to touch but just out of reach, a subconscious need.
“Hell, Cas, if I want you, I’m sure they do,” Dean slides his hands down to rest on the nape of Cas’ neck, lowering his voice as well. “For once in your
“I need you to,” He answers simply, pulling Dean’s hand down a little further and allowing him to stroke him once with a loose fist, eliciting a quiet sigh from Castiel’s full lips. “I just… Don’t…”
"I'm full of surprises," He replies quickly, smoothing out the front of Dean's shirt and standing up straight.
Castiel searches Dean’s face before pressing his lips to Dean’s. They kiss in the aquarium’s tunnel, underneath the makeshift sea. For a moment, everything is calm and beautiful, but only for a moment before Dean pushes Castiel away.
“I did,” Cas replies, keeping his gaze fixed above his head and continuing to avoid Dean’s worried gaze. “I came home from school and she was just…hanging there. I remember cutting her down and then lying down next to her until the neighbors came by to drop off something they had borrowed.”
Faith has evaded Dean for a long time. He wishes desperately to have some sort of belief that there is good in the world, that people are good. He hasn’t found it yet.
Jo places the photos back in the box beside her. “People don’t always deserve the shit they have to go through.” Looking up at her mother, Jo asks, “How long have you known about them?”
“Cas, pass the mashed potatoes please,” Ellen whispers to him at the table, trying not to interrupt Sam and Jo’s incredibly interesting conversation about wedding bouquets.
He does a quick sweep of the first room he enters, and, to his relief, he finds nothing but an old sleeping bag and a half-empty carton of cigarettes. He pockets the cigarettes. Adjusting his grip on his angel blade, Castiel steals himself and tiptoes into the next room, sneaking up on a lone demon and swiftly gutting him in a matter of seconds. Poor bastard didn’t even have time to scream.
Dean lowers his mouth to Castiel's ear and says, "I keep thinking about your cock in my mouth. I can't stop thinking about it." Involuntarily, Castiel groans, because they've never done this before. Not once have they ever been overtly sexual when speaking to each other. Castiel is discovering it to be a massive turn-on.
"I committed to Kansas today," He reveals softly, letting the words fall from his mouth without expressing any emotion. "I'll start there in the fall."
“He just lost it…” Mary whimpers, cupping Dean’s face in her hand. “Dean talked back, and he blew up.”
On his way to the cafeteria, he must pass Dean’s cabin on the main road. A spark of anxiety shoots through him as he nears it, and his heart nearly stops when the door swings open.
“Yeah, that’s just how it is, isn’t it?” The bitterness spikes in Cas’ voice. Bringing his knees to his chest, he wraps his arms around them, “Yeah, kids are beaten and raped and starved every day, because that’s just how it is, right, Dean? We can't change that and there is no use in fighting it.”
Staring stone-faced at his old teammate before looking back at Anna’s still body, Dean quietly announces what they all already know, “You raped her.”
"Oh! Naughty boy..." Anna tsks playfully as he stoops to pick it up. Pulling her hood over her head, she teases him, "Don’t you think ya’ had enough?"
“John! Stop this!” Mary shouts at her husband, tears streaming down her face as she desperately attempts to pull John off Dean. “Stop it! STOP!”
Dean visibly relaxes at the sound of Castiel’s laughter, shoving him playfully on the shoulder. “You know what I mean…” He trails off but picks back up after a moment. “I wanna feel close to you, y’know? I...I’ve never done anything like that before.”
Dean lowers his head and kisses Castiel, murmuring against his lips, “I’ve been thinking about you all day.”
Ignoring his father, Dean finally snatches the phone and brings it to his ear, hesitantly whispering, “Cas?”
Tomorrow is the first day of school for him; it’s already well into the first semester and he missed a lot while he was living with Alastair. The thought of Alastair sends coldness through his body. In search of warmth, Castiel gets into bed, fully prepared to be woken up in the middle of the night by roaming hands and drunken kisses.
“This stuff – pot – this is okay if you use it every once in a while, to sleep and relax, but don’t ever try anything with pills or needles. Y’know, the hard stuff.” Castiel feels Dean shift under him as he kisses the top of Castiel’s head affectionately and continues, “Just, now that you’re human, be careful about that shit.”
Dean, Pamela, Jo, and Castiel head over to play Twister. Sam tags along to spin the arrow that dictates the actions. Within minutes, Jo is sitting out because Dean supposedly pushed her, and the three that remain are still playing.
They end up in the city one early August morning with a camera, a freshly rolled joint, and fifty dollars to their names. Tilting his head up, Castiel admires how the skyscrapers tower above them in a nearly menacing reflection of blue sky and white clouds, the faintest memory of a morning fog ebbing off into the sea. Wrapping Castiel’s hand in his, Dean tugs at his distracted companion and they continue walking down the noisy street. Castiel smiles at Dean lightly squeezing his hand –
“I thought that if I could show you the right way, in moderation, how to do drugs and what kind to do then you wouldn’t… I dunno hide it or get so strung out that sometimes I think you stop breathing in your sleep.” Dean shouts back but he’s fraying at the edges, tears forming at the corners of his eyes. “But I was wrong.”
Going along with the joke, Cas drawls darkly, “Those white pants are just so tight – they really fit you well.”
“I will be,” Castiel turns his head to a painful angle to kiss Dean. He relaxes back into his previous position and focuses on the heat of Dean’s hands. Thirty minutes later, Castiel is asleep, encased in the security of Dean’s arms and a haze of bodily calm that he will be grateful for in the morning.
He’d been with a slew of women in college. All of them meaningless to him. When he came back to Pacifica after graduating, he ran into Lisa Braeden at a grocery store. It was perfect timing. John Winchester was still hung up on Dean’s sexual preferences, and Dean was desperately trying to get into his father’s good graces. So, the relationship served as a cover, and a great one at that. Dean even managed to convince himself that he was straight for a while. Even after John was cut off from the family, Dean kept up his relationship with Lisa, dead set on distracting himself from the aching hole in his chest. He wanted so badly to fulfil that dream – the gorgeous wife, the white picket fence, the two kids – but it wasn’t his dream.
Castiel goes to his dresser and sets out clothes for tomorrow – it'll save him a few extra minutes in the morning. Outside, across the street, a large black car pulls into the driveway of a beautiful white Colonial and a boy about Castiel’s age gets out. Lingering outside for a few moments, the boy leans his back against the car's door and looks up at the sky. Even from far away, Castiel can feel some sort of irresistible gravity radiating off him. Castiel wonders if he will see this boy at school. The boy glances around the street and then hurriedly bounds up the steps of the house and disappears behind the red front door.
He gets into the tub without another word, letting the water surround him and kill the filth that covers his body, but it only reaches the surface.
Castiel nods at Dean in affirmation. He hesitates and chuckles softly, looking down at Dean. "You can touch me, you know." Instantly, Dean's hands are on his hips, pulling him further down onto his cock. Castiel tips his head back and curses, "Fuck!"
Clearing his throat once for the Singers to acknowledge him in their grief, Dean’s eye flicker between Bobby and Ellen before settling on Cas who meets him with a steady gaze. “You can go see her now.” He takes his eyes away from Cas to look at Bobby, “Officer Mills is letting me go home now, so I’m gonna go…”
“Hey, babe?” Castiel perks his head up at the sound of Dean’s voice as he enters the motel room, but he is stunned still. Dean looks at him suspiciously, dropping a bag of groceries onto the bed, and asks, “Why’re you lookin’ at me like that?”
Something about sharing a breath really makes you question how long you can keep sharing the same air until it starts to kill you.
He can feel Mary still beside him, observing him with that motherly gaze he adores. She probes gently, “What happened?”
“I’m looking forward to getting my hands on a copy of this book.” If she is surprised by his admission, Katie doesn’t show it. Instead, she awards the camera with another one of her show-stopping smiles and inquires, “What is the title of your newest masterpiece, and when can we expect it to hit the shelves?”
This is a shorter chapter, but a very important and emotional one. We're getting close to the end, my friends! I hope you have enjoyed reading this as much as I have writing it. Just a few more chapters left... stay tuned!
“If you insist,” Dean mutters, and right hooks Gordon’s jaw. Surprisingly, Gordon doesn’t fight back; instead, he raises his arms in surrender. Dean glares around at his teammates, “If you lay a finger on Castiel, I
When Dean finally looks over to the passenger seat, Castiel smiles smugly and asks, “So, where are you taking me, Winchester?”
The euphoria of his orgasm still wracking his brain, Dean relaxes as their sides touch. He nudges Cas playfully, “Oh, shut up.”
The first time was in that rickety old barn in Illinois when Dean came at him with a knife, stabbing him in the chest within seconds of meeting. Something about the way Dean’s eyes narrowed with conviction when he came running towards a powerful heavenly creature made Castiel’s wings stutter, grace fleeting. This is one of those moments, except he doesn’t have wings anymore, or grace. Above him, Dean’s tan arms shine under the orange glow of the bedside lamp, his toned stomach rising and falling with each ragged breath. His eyes are pinned to Castiel’s like a thumbtack on a case map. With conviction. “Dean, please,” With a groan, Castiel reaches for Dean’s shoulders to tug him closer. To touch him and explore all the new and exciting secrets he hides beneath his clothes.
She took her last breath as Bobby cradled her limp body, promising to see her again soon. And every person in the room agreed.
Dean surges forward, pushing his tongue further into Castiel’s mouth as if he were trying to taste his tonsils. Castiel does not mind; he moans into it as Dean grinds their slotted hips together. He pulls back to catch a breath of air.
The silence stretches itself into the flat line that is Dean’s heartbeat, sucking all life out of the room. A lump forms in Dean’s throat and his eyes sting, so he forces himself to look away as his body slumps against the glass of the window in defeat. This isn’t how it's supposed to be, he thinks. But it is, and there’s no changing that. Dean can’t force Castiel to love him anymore than he can take control of his own future.
The teacher leans back in his chair and lets out a frustrated sigh, “Dean, there are medications and treatments that can help you in school if you have attention issues.”
He stands to drop his pants and boxers to the floor, watching as Dean strokes himself more earnestly. He crawls back up onto the bed and slaps Dean’s hand away, replacing it with his own. He lowers his head to take Dean into his mouth, humming at the short gasp he makes.
As Castiel searches through Dean's dresser, Dean puts a record on. A slow crooning song plays moments later, sending a chill down Castiel's spine. Pulling on a pair of cotton briefs, Castiel asks, "What's this?"
Reluctantly, he leaves the kitchen and goes upstairs to shower, allowing the hot steam to clear his foggy head, but the clearness lasts all of ten minutes before he is making his way downstairs again, wearing loose pajama bottoms and Cas’ favorite of Dean’s sweatshirts. He can hear the phone ringing as he crosses the living room towards the kitchen, and his heart skips a beat when he reaches the doorway just as his father picks up the phone and answers with a gruff, “Hello?” His blank expression morphs into blatant annoyance and rage within seconds of picking up the phone and he growls back into the receiver without even acknowledging Dean’s presence, “Listen here, kid.”
“It’s not…” Castiel is at a loss, and he is surprised that there is a wetness on his cheeks, and his throat is constricting; it’s hard to breathe. God, he wants a cigarette – no, a spliff. “I don’t know how to explain this to you. It’s the only thing that makes me feel even remotely angelic. I need them to feel normal, to feel okay.”
“Hm, I think so, let me check,” Dean leans forward, kissing Castiel with a gentle press of his lips. When Castiel kisses him back, he deepens the kiss, his tongue darting out to taste Castiel’s lower lip, and he pulls away with a smile. He whispers, “Mm, cinnamon.”
Panic settled over Castiel like a cloud, blurring the events of the unexpected date with Dean. A tightness in Castiel’s chest clenches in response to the memory of Dean’s lips on his.
“This is only temporary,” Cas closes his eyes, shutting Dean out from the watery blue. “I won’t be here very long.”
As soon as Dean gets to the field for practice, he finds Gordon and tackles him. They wrestle in the grass until Dean finally pins Gordon and gets a few punches in. Eventually, Uriel (the biggest player on the team) pushes through the crowd that's gathered to cheer the fight on.
“Yes, sir,” Dean replies eagerly with a cheeky grin, kicking off his jeans and scrambling to get on the bed, clad only in his boxers. Castiel eyes him from across the room, surveying the tint in his cheeks, the cascade of freckles that trail across Dean’s chest, and the hard press of his erection through the cotton of his boxers.
Reluctantly, Dean removes Cas’ shoes, t-shirt, and jeans, leaving him in his boxers. He rummages through the bathroom drawers for an unused toothbrush and squeezes some toothpaste on it before sticking it in Cas’ mouth.
He closes his eyes in frustration, feeling the ache start in the center of his chest as it works its way throughout his entire body. “I don’t know what you are talking about.”
She grins and collects the remaining blankets in her arms, “No, you don’t. He’s cute. You should see the way you two look at each other. Jesus Christ, it’s like no one else is around.”
Dean sighs, taking off his leather jacket and forcing himself to push the image of those perfect blue eyes to the back of his mind for now.
“I told you that I’ve read all your books,” Dean says as he enters the room, and a large black lab follows closely behind him. “This is Kurt, by the way, he was sleeping in my room when we got here.”
"Fuck me, Dean," He pleads, pulling Dean up by the neck and kissing him aggressively. Within him, Dean crooks his fingers and brushes Cas' prostate, forcing Castiel to break the kiss in order to throw his head back in an explicit moan.
Jo shrugs and extends a tasting spoon in his direction, “I think you should send both and see which one the graphic design team picks for the cover.”
He dresses for practice and heads out to the field. It looks like a spring shower is about to burst at any second, but practice goes on without a hitch. Then Gordon shows up, late.
“From the beginning,” She says. Castiel releases a harsh laugh, allowing the sound to reverberate around the room as he lifts his gaze to Ellen. She gazes at him expectantly and asks the one question he’s been dreading, “Are you going to write about Alistair?”
A tear slips out of the corner of Cas’ eye and falls onto Dean’s hand. Turning onto his side, Cas curls into Dean’s chest and sobs. Dean holds him, whispering happy thoughts. God, he wishes he could make it go away with a few comforting words and a hug, but this kind of thing doesn’t just go away. There’s nothing else for him to do; he can’t make it better. He can’t go back in time and erase it all, but he can be here when Cas needs a shoulder to cry on, because who doesn’t need a shoulder to cry on every once in a while?
He’s a feather drifting into oblivion, nothing holding him down because the rest of him has already fallen. There is nothing left unbroken in Castiel and it feels lovely to fade away and forget for a while.
Laughing, Dean agrees, “You got that right. I was surprised when he told me that he was going to write a memoir. Just didn’t ever cross my mind that he’d do somethin’ like that.”
Castiel spends the next few days in a rush, catching up on schoolwork, figuring out Gabe’s odd routines, and getting to know all his new “family” members. He still hasn’t warmed up to the idea of actually being in a family. Jo says he'll come around to it all. Castiel is skeptical.
He sees Dean settled on a couch, cozied up to Anna and sharing a bottle of clear liquid. It’s definitely not water. Dean leans in to whisper something in her ear, and she bites her lower lip in a way that makes Castiel's skin crawl. Dean catches his eye from across the room, and Castiel quickly escapes from the room, heading back to his little corner of the house. He slips into his room and takes a seat on the end of his bed.
“Because he loves me, right?” Dean’s bitter laugh slices the air in the room as he brings his eyes up to meet hers. Her face falls at the sight of his tearful eyes, and he spits out the words angrily, “He doesn’t love me.”
Dean is sweating under the heat of a late midwestern summer, grey t-shirt sticking to his back and outlining the curves of each muscle. Castiel pauses for a moment, drinking in the sight of him. Dean looks like a man on a mission.
Lady stares at him dumbly, pawing at him playfully and panting, she doesn’t have a single care in the world.
Purposefully, Cas swipes his fingers over that little bundle of nerves with just the right amount of pressure and he has Dean seeing stars. Without realizing it Dean's hand flies to his ignored dick and pumps his fist desperately. Within a matter of seconds, Cas has pulled his fingers from Dean and pinned Dean's hands above his head again. "No touching yourself either," He growls, grinding his hips down against Dean's bare cock. Dean whimpers, tipping his head back and baring his neck to Cas. He takes the hint and kisses down the column of Dean's throat, biting down where his neck meets his shoulder.
Surprised, Cas sets the book in his hand down and takes a seat in the desk chair, “I rather enjoy that nickname.”
He sits on the edge of the windowsill. Moving cautiously, Dean walks until he is within reach of Castiel.
Ellen smiles at him and crosses the room to take a seat at the table, “I have a question for you.” Castiel nods, urging her to continue, without looking up from his homework. Ellen reaches over and closes his textbook, keeping him from continuing his work, “Castiel, it’s about your last foster parent.”
Purring against Dean’s lips, Castiel murmurs, “Hey, Winchester, how fast do you think you can get a home run?”
Following Cas to the door and picking up their bag of gifts, Dean winks, “I’ll take you up on that later.”
Castiel takes another hit off of his dwindling joint, holding in a lungful for a moment before releasing it into the winter wind. It burns going down and he relishes the feel of it. February is cold, but the smoke has softened much of its frigidness. Everything around him now appears mesmerizing, as if he is spiraling through a dream. He thinks of a million things all at once and the world has shrunk down to his personal corner, where nothing exists except what he knows. The proximity of the red-hot embers of the joint and his finger takes him by surprise, and he curses and drops it onto the wet ground.
Dean gives him a sharp nod, replacing Castiel’s hands with his own, holding the bandage in place against his leg while Castiel goes in search of painkillers. Someone, probably Dean, got their hands on a prescription pad a few months ago and had taken the time to write out orders for a few necessities – opioids and benzos, mostly, but antibiotics too – which they now keep for emergencies.
She looks so pretty in her navy-blue lace church dress. To be honest, Dean’s always had a bit of a crush on her. And he’s pretty sure she’d be lying if she said she didn’t feel the same about him.
“I want it to be with you,” Rising from his seat, Castiel decides he must take this leap of faith because he can’t imagine anything more comforting than Dean’s touch. He wants so badly to be soothed. So, he moves until he’s in front of Dean’s seated body and wedges himself between Dean’s knees, kissing him. “I’m technically human, and a virgin. I want my first time to be with you.”
Dean is about to respond when the waitress arrives, and the conversation casually shifts after she leaves with their drink orders. Cas’ book isn’t mentioned for the rest of the dinner, but Dean can tell that it’s itching at the back of Cas’ head. He’s thinking about something, and Dean wants to know what it is.
“Hm?” Tilting his head to the side, Castiel watches as Dean lifts himself up with his elbows. There’s a flash of something that Castiel can’t pinpoint in Dean’s eyes. “Mean what?”
It all comes down to that, really. Saying you’re ready even if you aren’t because the ache is worth it. Castiel has always been fond of reminders, and this is really just one of those forever-fading reminders he so desperately clings to.
In the privacy of his room, Rhea leads him to the bed, pulling out a few things from her bag. She uses her scarf to tie off the top of part of Castiel’s arm, just above his elbow, and whispers calming words to him as she inserts a needle into his arm. She says that it will feel amazing. Out of this world, she tells him.
Panic flares through Castiel until he’s trembling and leaning against the doorway to stabilize himself. He takes a few ginger steps into the room and stands at the center of it, head spinning and wondering how the hell Dean found his stash.
Seconds later, Dean sits up and yanks his Henley over his head, tossing it into the corner of the room. The world stops spinning on its axis; time stands still. Castiel surveys the tanned and muscular upper body of Dean Winchester, memorizing the curves and lines of his chiseled flesh. He’s much more filled out than he was as a teenager; all the years of college football and working on cars has served Dean exceptionally well.
So, he clings to Dean, and prays that if he holds on tight enough then maybe he won’t ever have to let go.
Then Dean hears the quiet chatter from the house begin – he hears it rise as the sound of Gordon’s threats die out in his head. As soon as it starts, Dean knows there’s no turning back.
Changing their positions so that he can easily slide down the length of Dean’s body, his hips wiggled between Dean’s inner thighs, Castiel latches his lips onto Dean's pulse eagerly. He drags his neatly trimmed nails down Dean’s chest and shudders at the older boy’s keening hiss, stopping to grip at his hips. Castiel lowers his head to the harsh outline of Dean’s dick straining against the thin cotton boxers. Slowly, he presses his tongue against it, wetting the fabric. He watches Dean squirm through hooded lashes.
"Christ Cas', you're s'tight," Dean worries his lower lip between his teeth, trying his best not to thrust up. "Can – can I move?" As soon as Cas nods his approval, Dean is flipping them over in one swift motion so that he now has Cas on his back. He looks down into Cas’ eyes and asks, “Is this alright?” In response, Castiel grabs a handful of Dean’s bare ass and pulls him forward in a shallow thrust.
Swallowing hard and trying his best to regulate his breathing, Castiel looks up and wishes for the anxiety to go away. “I…Dean…” He fumbles over his words as he tries to keep it under control. Be happy. Be normal. Do it for Dean. Be normal for Dean. Cas feels Dean’s hand reach for his hip, sending Castiel into a downward spiral, “Dean, I can’t. I’m so sorry—I’m sorry. I can’t, Dean. Stop. Stop it. Please…”
“Do you think I should even write it? I mean, who would really want to read a book about my shitty life…”
She hits his shoulder playfully before pointing to the sink. “Wash your hands and go sit down; dinner’s ready,” She chimes as she pulls out a meatloaf from the oven.
“Probably,” Castiel nods, chewing at the corner of his lower lip. “I’m sure this dinner is going to drudge up a few things, but we can talk about it later, okay?”
Just as he expected, the beach is empty. He drops his backpack in the damp sand and walks to the water. The waves shake and shiver with every gust of wind but continue to follow the moon’s unrelenting heartbeat. Lazily dragging his body back to where his bag lies, Castiel tightens his windbreaker around his shivering body and lies down among the dunes, letting the rain soak through to his bones. He falls asleep there, without caring whether he will make it home for dinner or if someone might worry about where he has gone.
Castiel pauses slightly, but weakly returns his attention to the feeling of Dean’s rough hands slipping beneath his sweater. Quietly, he rasps, “It has been weeks.” Dean continues his movement, dragging his nails down Castiel’s ribcage. Suppressing a moan, Castiel bites his lower lip. “We haven’t done anything since that one weekend.”
The book launch takes place on a Saturday at a bookstore called Green Apple Books in San Francisco. When Cas chose the venue, he told Dean that he used to go to that bookstore to get out of the house and away from Alistair. Sometimes, if he hid well enough, he stayed after the store closed and roamed the aisles in the dark, reading and napping in the dim backroom. The owners found him once, but they didn’t kick him out. Instead, they let him keep doing it, never asking why this fifteen-year-old boy with bruises and cuts all over his body didn’t want to go home. Cas was grateful to them, and he thought this was the best way to show it.
“He is so fucked up…” Dean admits, knowing he shouldn’t be telling his mother this, but he can’t help it. He rests his head against her side with an exasperated sigh, choking a little on his next words, “I need him. I wish I didn’t, but I do.”
“Yeah, it is,” Dean agrees, frowning slightly as he glances out the window to look over the house. The easy smile returns and he tilts his head to meet Castiel’s eyes.
By the way Cas is looking at Dean, the last comment slipped out of him before he could process the syllables rolling off his tongue. A wave of words streaming into the room like a high tide. The crash comes with the silence that falls over them. Cas is stunned as if he’s been struck by lightning. The room is filled with static noise. It’s radio silence – the only thing Dean hears is the sound of his own his own heart, skipping over itself like a damn record.
The door to Henricksen’s room isn’t locked, but the lights are off and there is someone ruffling through the file cabinets behind Henriksen's desk. Dean immediately switches on the light to find Gordon holding up a copy of the final. He smiles cheekily at Dean without a hint of guilt.
Sometimes, when he has a bad day, he imagines new days with Cas, days where they go to the park and hold hands for everyone to see, days where they go to senior prom and no one even asks why, days where Dean can say those three perfect words that can tear their worlds apart without the worry of breaking Cas’ heart. Those are the days he wishes for, but he knows will never come.
His legs lift him from the bed like they have a mind of their own. As if their sole purpose is to carry him to Castiel. His hands trail up Cas’ broad shoulders, twisting in the dark locks at the base of his neck. He presses their foreheads together and says, “You are the most powerful and brilliant person I’ve ever met, and I respect you more knowing what you’ve been through, Cas. You’re a fighter.”
Castiel reassures him, “Zachariah wanted you to say yes to Michael for his own selfish reasons, Dean.”
Cas walks him out and for a moment on the front step they stare at each other. Dean’s not sure what’s with the whole eye contact thing, but damn, is it distracting. When he finally closes his front door behind him, he lets the idea of spending an entire night with all his friends (and Cas) sink in. He hasn’t been this excited in a while.
“I can do whatever the fuck I want! No one on this shitty planet gives a damn about me and nothing is stopping me.” Castiel knows he is lying about that—there is Dean. Dean cares about him. But Dean isn’t here right now and Castiel needs to say this. “Why did you leave?” He feels the words catching in his throat. “Because…I rack my brain every day trying to think of a reason why you would leave me.”
Dean rolls his eyes and shivers as a draft sweeps through the wooden dugout. He’s about to speak, but Dean kisses him before he can and Cas hums happily against his lips.
He does his rounds, checking the grounds and darting by Bobby’s cabin to talk about plans for tomorrow. By midnight, most of the camp is asleep, every heart heavy.
Once the chatter about Gabe dies down, Bobby turns to Cas, “Tonight marks two months that you’ve been with us, Castiel.”
Humming with satisfaction, Dean kisses Castiel and slides their tongues together in one smooth motion, “Soon, you will be.”
He tells Cas to go to the bathroom, but the boy is hardly able to stand up on a dry surface. Wet tile won’t help his situation. That leaves Dean to carry him to the bathroom and get him ready for a shower. On his way, Dean sees his father standing at the end of the hallway, watching as Dean ducks into the bathroom with Cas.
Jo lets out a snort from beside Dean, “Coming on a bit strong there, Pam. Why don’t you lay off the kid? It’s his first day. You’ll have all year to flatter him.”
In the end, when Dean asks Castiel to go to Colorado with him, Castiel follows him blindly. By this point in time, Castiel has resigned himself to the fact that he would rather die fighting beside Dean Winchester than die fighting for a God who he believes is no longer listening.
"Dean!" Castiel hisses into the phone and glances around the room nervously, a blush rising in his cheeks. Choosing his words carefully, Castiel warns, "I'm at work."
Slamming his hand down on the metal washer, Dean shouts, “It’s my fault! I did this to you. I…I hurt you this time. This was all on me…and I feel like I’m gonna throw up.”
He walks the dark hallway, his eyes following his shadow against the wall as he moves. When he enters Dean's room, the fan is going and the window is open, letting the warm spring night air move through the dimly lit space.
It’s supposed to sound threatening, but his threat soon tails off into a small plea that leaves him wishing that he could withstand this moment in time without any future scars.
Their relationship is like the Easter Bunny or Santa Claus – you must believe in it enough and it might still mean something to you.
Castiel fingers the charms and beads on the braided bracelet, taking the letter “D” between two fingers and then brushing his thumb over the “W.”
“Dean?” Cas’ voice comes clearly through the phone. Dean wants to scream with joy, but his body is frozen. Dean releases the shaky breath he was holding and rests his head against the wall. The relief is solid and sound and in the form of Castiel’s heavy breathing that Dean can hear through the telephone. “Where are you?”
“Is this—“ He stammers, flipping the book over and reading the back cover before opening it up to the title page. Right there, scribbled across the yellowing pages, is Kurt Vonnegut’s perfectly aged signature. He brushes the pad of his thumb over the faded blue ink and exhales sharply, clutching the book in his hands. “Is this really signed by him?”
“No, I always envisioned myself as a cat person.” Knocking his shoulder against Dean’s and tipping his head in the direction of the house, Castiel says with a smile, “C’mon, this is the last of it. Jo and Sam are probably digging through my things inside.”
So, he lies down beside Castiel and presses their naked bodies together with the gentleness that Cas' deserves.
Bobby grumbles to himself, tapping his index finger against the grain of the wooden table with an indecisive rhythm. He asks, “You gonna go take care of him?”
As if trying to guide him, Castiel grabs Dean’s hips and lifts his own to grind against his. Experimentally, Dean rolls his hips once and then twice, forcing a sound out of them both.
They go to the one beach in town that is normally empty and has some dunes they can settle themselves into. There are two other cars parked in the makeshift gravel lot, but no one in sight once they settle onto the beach. The sky is a gloomy grey, and the sun does not peek through the clouds at all. Some seagulls fly overhead and the waves crash. It’s a beautiful day.
