, because no water horse is. Perhaps… perhaps more
It’s the first thing Sherlock’s actually said to Watson. Before this, their interactions were strictly Watson’s commanding tone to keep Redbeard away from the beaches, and him asking Sherlock if he was alright after the altercation with the mad blonde mare.
Still perplexed, John responds, “One fifty.”
He cannot spend the time thinking on this right now.
“To the big outcropping, over there?” Sherlock points. They have a ghost of a chance. Watson nods.
“You told me why you do.”
“Then, you’re going to see the murder.”
Sherlock sets his jaw. “I'm racing.”
Somewhere in sleep, he and John have shifted. Heat flows from the coals in the woodstove. John breathes quietly, lips parted against his pillow. A slack arm lays over Sherlock’s hip.
do towards the ocean. Their whole bodies are angled, kept moving only by the hard press of iron stirrups against their bellies. He calculates the degree to which they lean towards the surf, and his eyes flick to the cliffs, where the sand is open.
“John,” Sherlock tries.
His gaze darts beyond Sherlock, where they hear the sound of John approaching, and then freezing when he sees the man at the other end of the alley.
Rosie                     "Yeah he is. Can I go out my stuff away now?" I climbed down my Myca and ran off to my room. "Hey!" I gotsta yell really loud, "where's my bee dress?!?!"
Greg                      "Her… guest was a traitor of some kind, that's why the flower was used, the toxin is normally used to kill traitors or along those lines." I said in almost a whisper and I was trying to gauge what he was going to do next.
Greg                      "Are you alright? I didn't hurt you, did I?" I looked him up and down where I'd just shoved him up against a random wall, my eyes meeting his again when his hand moved to rest on the curve of my jaw.
Greg                      "Uh, no, no, I’m sure I can do that..." I said as I stepped forward and took the packs from him, not realising how angry I looked with jealousy not really being one of my many traits.
John                      I smirk. “It’s a start.” I look at my watch. “I should be getting to the clinic.”
Sherlock               I pull back, a small sulk building behind my eyes, "What are your intentions towards the good inspector, brother? He's not one to be played with."
Mycroft                 The sommelier spoke with Greg briefly, and left as the waiter arrived to take our orders. I ordered the filet mignon - a house specialty
Mycroft                 "For defending my honor from that idiot," I grinned. "He was coarse, but harmless. Not even interesting." I ran my thumb along Greg's jawline.
Sherlock               Striding towards the exit I give Lestrade a pitying little look, "I don't think so Geoff. They would have just told me that if it was the case." slipping back out the back entrance I had used I pause in the alley and pull out my phone
James Morgan      "You start. Ask me anything. Make it a good one."
Greg                      "It is me, don't worry. I'm not gonna start poking and prodding you." I joked to ease the tension a bit more, my heart pounding when Mycroft started to choke on the tube. That's when John had to intervene to keep him calm while I shouted for the nurse.
Greg                      "It’s okay. we're from the British Embassy and we just needed to find Nina. I apologize for his idiocy, he doesn't know the language and just barges in everywhere." I waved for them to calm down and glanced over where Sherlock was recoiling at himself.
I thought to myself grimly. I cleaned up the pizza and wine, leaving my broken wine glass for the staff to handle in the morning, and turned off the lights, heading to my bedroom.
Greg                      "Undisclosed location, huh?" I chuckled as I shook my head and watched the news reel continue with the other main stories repeating. I took Mycroft’s hand, noticing he was smiling is well.
Mycroft
James Morgan      Waving them off from where I sat on a nearby couch I tell them to "go, have fun, try taking him on a proper date sometime." I can’t wait to tell Peter that my Doctor Soldier is actually Mycroft’s brother’s enamored blogger.
Greg                      I had changed into something cooler before heading to Mycroft’s office, knocking on the door gently as I had done last night before stepping in. He seemed more like himself, even if a bit more pale.
Mycroft                 I moved to sit on the sofa with him, and turned to face him. "What did you find out from Ms. Boucher?" I asked plainly.
Sherlock               My eyes widen, stepping towards the bed and holding my hands out, "John? What's happening?"
Greg                      I didn't know when I dropped off but I stirred around 5am to find a nurse checking over Mycroft’s vitals and no Sherlock. I guessed he'd gone home or not far from the hospital, ignoring my phone with messages from people at work just to have a moment alone with the elder Holmes brother.
Greg                      "I don't think that's necessary, Mycroft knows the exercises and can do them by himself. So, good afternoon." I kept his eye as he was packing up and my jaw had unclenched with Mycroft’s hand on my arm but my head wasn't listening to that.
Sherlock               Lowering my phone I stride off, back towards the street, calling back to Lestrade, "Tell me, does he actually share a bed with you or does he just hang upside down from the rafters?"
Greg                      I rubbed my face with my clean hand, chucking my pj bottoms in the wash in a swap with a pair of boxers. I had a lot of conflicting thoughts in my head about Mycroft. Whether he was only attracted to me and just wanted sex, whether he hated the thought of a relationship while he was still recovering. What would happen once our lives get back to normal.
Mycroft                 "Of course," I nodded, taking a sip of the tea, and frowning. "Awfully strong, don't you think?" I whispered to Sherlock.
James Morgan      "She said to meet her at 1pm. That gives us time to see the first floor and lunch before the Shuttle. What would
Why else would he be out at a museum with a man who isn't me? -SH
John         "We're home, Sherlock!" I called up the stairs, as Rosie ran past me.
Mycroft                 "Greg, you should know... I am not one to form emotional attachments easily." I said, unable to meet his eye. "I am just as surprised as you are to realize my feelings for you."
John                      “Greg?! You told Greg that I was on a date with a man?” I groan and sit on the edge of the bed and put my heads in my hands.
okay, so who is this man? Did he meet him at the conference? GL
Rosie                     "Ok Myca." I shimmy off Papa and lead him to my room. Opening my closet I find a new outfit while Papa changes.
Greg                      "Around 9ish. You did try to get up a couple times during the night, but you were fine once I tucked you up again." I yawned as I stretched and tried not to wince at my back that had been playing up with sleeping in so many chairs rather than a bed.
Sherlock               My own eyes remain wide open, then close with a slight shudder, pressing our closed lips together harder as the hand on his thigh squeezes, the other gripping the blanket under us.
Mycroft                 "That I'm healing well, but pain management is still an issue. I need a bit more time, to ensure the bone is knitting as hoped. Three or four days, at a minimum."
Greg                      "Yeah, think about it in terms of Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier. They met at a hotel, went out every morning in his car and then as soon as she's going to leave, he proposes." I chuckled and felt a bit easier where he didn't ask again about what he'd said last night.
Greg                      I jolted awake when I heard a clicking sound somewhere, my ears picking it up and I crept out of bed to pull on my trousers. I didn't have my gun with me as I'd left it in Mycroft’s office, but I leant against the wall to try to hear what they were doing.
Greg                      "I don’t know. It all seems a bit much for her to just try and stop that sort of political thing. We need to find James and question him." I was just as troubled as Sherlock was, and I was relieved at least a little when we arrived back at the embassy.
caring isn't a disadvantage either. And I promise to help your brother as much as I help you through all this. GL
John                      “Why would I want to be away from you?” I ask as Rosie falls into my arms.
Mycroft                 I was on complete sensory overload. I felt nothing but Greg... his warm skin against me, his tongue caressing mine, his cock filling me. I rocked my hips against him, and whispered encouragements whenever I could catch my breath. My cock ached for release, so I reached between us and began stroking myself, rapidly approaching the edge
Greg                      "You and me both. I'm steering clear of the whole relationship shit for a while." I laughed with him as I sat down and glanced at one of the menus.
Mycroft                 "We both have our issues to deal with, it seems." I sighed, resting my hand over his. I looked up, and could see one of the new security Personnel outside the window, checking the perimeter.  “We should probably limit our time outside, until we hear from Anthea or Sherlock.”
Greg                      "I spoke to Sherlock this morning more about this case.. About Ms. Smith." I said softly, meeting his eye and showed him that I just wanted to chat. No judgment.
Mycroft                 I ran my hand up his chest, curving over his shoulder and around the back of his neck, pulling his lips to mine for a long, slow, kiss.
Greg                      "Maybe. I don't know. I'm not normally one to pine over someone really, I've never known anybody like Mycroft before." I rubbed my face and I hoped John would keep his mouth shut from Sherlock.
Mycroft                 "You have no idea how much I have wanted this..." I said quietly. my thumb brushing over his cheek.
Sherlock               Pulling my phone down a little I reach and tap the keys in the ignition, "Yes, yes, kiss kiss and hugs to you Mycroft." before lunging to attempt to disconnect Lestrade's call, "Now let’s GO"
Sherlock               Squinting after them I take a sip of my borrowed coffee, before squirming in displeasure, tipping it into a nearby plant before swirling around and making my way out the building at last.
Rosie                     "Unca Gayg? Do you still gots your outfit? You can be the heroes and Myca can be the princess and I could be the Prince who tries to stop you and you can win any way and save Unca Myca and we can have sword fights and Myca can throw down his hair from the tower and climb down and you can kiss and live happily ever after?!?! Please? Pleasepleaseplease??"
Greg                      "Yeah, I've got my Nanna's recipe in my small cook book. It's a traditional French dish so she was always making it." I beamed at him and it had been ages since I'd had anybody to cook it for or even looked in the book.
Greg                      "Yeah, I've got friends that have kids and we've had kids at the yard a couple times so it just becomes natural." I shrugged as it were nothing and I quickly sipped my tea before sitting Rosie on my lap so I could start brushing her hair.
The pictures they took are pathetic at best and an insult to photography at worse. -SH
Mycroft                 I didn't press, as he seemed deep in thought, but quietly kissed him as I went in for my shower.
John                      “I’m sorry what?”
Greg                      I explained a few things about who everybody was, just letting him soak in the first episode and we finished off the sandwiches without problem. I finished off the pot of tea and slowly dropped off just as the second episode was getting good.
Mycroft                 I leaned a little harder on the table and closed my eyes to abate the swaying. It wasn't as bad as yesterday, but definitely still more than unpleasant. When Greg moved closer to the table, I reached over and grabbed his arm without thinking.
Mycroft                 I considered a moment. "Was your interest in him genuine?" I was still struggling a bit to understand Lestrade's interest in me, so perhaps he would shed some light on that.
Mycroft                 I shifted a little uncomfortably, my shoulder throbbing. "Yes, the hospital room was beginning to become oppressive. Thank you again for offering to help. I hope it's not too much trouble."
Mycroft                 "You are insufferable, Lestrade." I growled at him, getting up and stalking out, heading toward the guest room I was to stay in.
Sherlock               Peering into the bag I frown, "Oh no. I may have forgot the princess hats little Rosie ."
Greg                      "Well I didn't get that far in my evening reading yesterday. Who made her the private chef to the UK embassy?" I rolled my eyes, running a hand through my hair.
Sherlock               Breaking away I finally smile, nodding, "It seems Mycroft was correct in many things after all."
James Morgan      "Don’t you have any preference? Has it really been so long since you thought of what
Greg                      I'd been blindly searching through the channels and ended up putting a cake show on mute, already having a glass of wine in me when Mycroft shuffled in. He looked exhausted and a bit sore with the way he was being a bit more careful of his arm.
Peter Harkness    "Greg! Wow...yea, I'm...I'm here with a date" I blush a bit and try to look happy and surprised to see him.
Mycroft                 I took a deep breath. "Just go to it. Save the lidocaine. I tell you if I need it." I steeled myself.
Just thought you should know. Rosie is fine this morning. Apart from after effects. Never, ever try and care for a toddler with a hangover. Ever. -SH
Peter Harkness    “Yea, he checks out. Other than drunken stupidity as a teen and a recent divorce, his report looked like an Eagle Scout’s” I whisper back to James.
- a couple of types of condoms, one box is labeled as ‘extra-large’
James Morgan            "You must be brilliant yourself as well. Have you been to the Museum in Health and Wellness here in DC?"  I worry that if I offer to show him around he may rebuff me like last time.  "As a fan of history I enjoy going to all types of places. I've become quite adapt at finding the best hidden gems around town and places to avoid".
Sherlock               The chefs start yelling at Lestrade in French, explaining how the strange English man came barging in and demanding something before trying to get into the head chef's office. Meanwhile I stand, looking down at my soup coated self in disgust
Nina Boucher      "I swear I didn't know" and I break down crying. "I... I didn't want to get blamed... Willa never told me it was poisonous..." and I drop my head into my hands sobbing.
John                      I raise an eyebrow. “Dehydrated ice cream?”
Have a look at who was at the medical conference, more specifically at the bar. I expect that's where he picked up John. GL
Sherlock               Glancing up and over Rosie I give Mycroft a little look, telling him that there may be limits to my parenthood and princess hats are one of those lines that will not be crossed
Sherlock               Shaking my head, I murmur, "She takes after you in so many ways."
Sherlock               Huffing I drop my gaze, the air of a slightly naughty schoolboy caught in the act about me, before glancing back to Lestrade once more, then my gaze travels to John, my eye flickering as if trying to work something out
"There is no point in taking her to A&E. She's already expelled her stomach contents, after all."
Greg                      "Why are you laughing?" I asked breathlessly as I collapsed beside him and I ignored the lube dripping down my leg onto the bed. I threw my arm across his waist and could feel all of me relaxing.
I finish hanging Mycroft's jacket in the hall closet and nod to Mycroft before heading out the front door.
Sherlock               In our hotel room in Dundee, I put my book to one side, attempting to shift the laptop around so it doesn't wake John, knowing the sleepless night has worn him out
Greg                      "Nothing. Nothing, I just think Rosie’s cute, that's all." I shrug with the smile getting wider and I try to hold it back as it is the time or place really.
Greg                      I held back a full grin as Rosie snuggled up beside him and how Mycroft was with her. I folded my arms across my chest, feeling my heart swell with how cute it was.
John                      “Not tonight, love.  Maybe another day. Uncle Myc needs his rest.”
Greg                      "No, no, got divorced about 4 months ago so I haven't really got anything waiting for me at home." I said casually as we found a table and thought he could have been more subtle about that.
Greg                      "Yeah, bits and pieces where it's on late at night back at home. I'd love to play it." I smile, and I was glad I left my jacket at home, the heat being something I know I had to get used to.
Greg                      I followed Peter back to my room where I let us in, pushing him against the door as soon as it was shut and I had my lips on his. I'd not kissed a man since I was 17 and a part of me just wanted to be touched/wanted for a change. I just wasn't going to let it affect the work I was doing for Mycroft.
Sherlock               Waving a hand by my head I pull out the doors, thumbing through them casually, "Not really. This is British soil, the embassy. We're British so technically we're fine." slamming the cabinet shut I glare around the room
James Morgan      "Nice to see you enjoying yourself. You should see how it feels to sit in the Captain’s Chair."
Sherlock
Greg                      "No. All he said was that they'd be heading up to Scotland, so I assumed it was just overnight." I said as I walked through, taking off the apron I'd been wearing and hung it on the door as I went in.
Sherlock
John                      Oh, god. I can’t believe I’m doing this. Maybe consider it a bucket list item? I watch as he pours two shots of tequila. “You go first.” I blurt out.
Mycroft                 I was grateful when the waiter arrived with our meals, giving me an opportunity to look away from Lestrade for a moment. I looked at my hands, trying to will away the tremor I saw there, berating myself for acting like a nervous teenager. "I know you've not had much time, but have you made any progress on the investigation?" I asked, trying to divert our conversation to safer waters, as I started on my meal.
Rosie                     "I gots the bestest idee!! She can bring a bunch of puppies and we can choose which one you need and find homes for the rest and have all the time to play with them." Gayg’s nails are all done and soooooo pretty. "Your turn Myca"
Greg                      "Assumptions?" I question as I take a bite of a prawn cracker and perch down opposite him on the small table. I saw he was mainly looking at his food so looked down at mine.
Greg                      "Yeah, I should have guessed that. I'm sorry." I chuckled nervously with a bashful smile of my own, my head kicking me for thinking that. I was glad when they brought dessert over and saw it was one pudding with two spoons.
Mycroft                 "That hardly seems a reasonable request," I watched him gather the dishes, and he poured me another cup of coffee. I took my morning medications, as John would be arriving soon to re-dress my wounds soon.
Rosie                     "Myca," I gotta whisper, "Gayg is asleep. He'll miss the pirate that sounds like Daddy."
Sherlock
I won't ask you to keep Lestrade and Rosie safe brother. You're the only person, apart from John, I know is capable of doing so right now -SH
Mycroft                 "Well, I suppose you're an adequate kisser," I said, kissing him lightly on the lips and running a hand down his neck with a smile.
Sherlock               "Me?" My breath catches, staring at him openly now. "John. I'm sure you've noticed. I am not a woman."
She is napping, but should be up soon. I will set up the call. With that, I rose and got his laptop, setting it up on the coffee table.
Sherlock               A sudden flare of anger shoots through me, making my voice turn cold, "He did stop when you asked, correct?"
Sherlock               Nodding, my voice fades as I close the door after us, "The trick is, little Rosie, having people around you who are prepared to back you up over being innocent. We must have a talk about that at home."
Greg                      "Morning." I smiled and tried to hold back a grin, bread already in the toaster and since hearing Mycroft last night, I didn't feel so awkward about being around him. I knew he at least found me attractive which was something. More than nothing.
Greg                      I took a deep breath counting to 10 before I got in the car with Sherlock, it taking a few minutes but I was soon driving like I'd been doing it all my life. I put my phone on hands free just in case Mycroft texted or called, the radio not producing much.
Mycroft                 "I'm sure Anthea will arrange something. We have a fair number of resources available."
Mycroft                 "Will we be seeing you again tomorrow morning, John?"  I stammered awkwardly
Sherlock               Smirking slightly, I step back, "Have fun Lestrade. I'm sure she'll be an angel."
went well then? GL
Greg                      I got the laptop from where Mycroft had once taken it from Rosie’s room and quietly crept in, putting it beside her on the table and setting up the Skype call for sherlock to just speak freely. I was just going to creep out again and we'd get the laptop in the morning.
Rosie                     "I gots a new friend today and named him Herbert and he is so cute and I... he comes... from... Sussess... bee... Herbert..." I fell asleep thinking of my new friend Herbert the Bee.
Mycroft
Mycroft                 I considered for a moment. "You're going to laugh... but it has been ages since I've had Beef Burgundy. I don't suppose you have a recipe?" I asked hopefully.
Mycroft                 I let him pull my lips from his cock, giving it a final swipe of my tongue as I looked into his eyes questioningly. "Stop?" I asked. "Not what I was expecting..." I grinned, moving up his body so I was straddling his hips, grinding against him. I ran my hand down his chest, still gazing into his eyes.
Mycroft                 I let Anthea slide my jacket off my shoulders, and walked quietly to the living room, slowly lowering myself into my favorite leather chair by the fireplace. "Good afternoon, Greg" I said, trying to be friendly.
James Morgan            I give him a big smile. This is the first time I've been this excited for a date. "Wednesday, it is. If I remember they have special times that you can actually go inside the Shuttle. Do you have enough time to do a tour and maybe lunch after?"
One moment. Let us set up the laptop
John                      I snort and sit down at his invitation. He puts his hands on my shoulders. I feel my ears pinken a bit. “You know, I was a Captain. In the Royal Army.”
John                      I make a face and start. Pulling out the gauze and irrigating the wound with a bit of saline.
Greg                      "You did your best at the time and if you're living life with should, would have or could have, you're not really living." I said softly and decided the weeds would just die along with the grass when I cut it.
Greg                      "I'll stay with him as well, I’m sure the Yard are going to see us to debrief us anyway pretty soon." I sighed as I gripped the wall to stand, agreeing that John and Rosie should go home at least.
Mycroft                 "He has managed to convince himself that you are going to throw him out and never let him see Rosie again," I sighed. "I tried to convince him otherwise, but you know Sherlock..."
Greg                      I perch on the edge of the chair again and can see Mycroft has a number of emotions across his face that I'm trying to read. I then smiled when Rosie looked at me and asked something.
Mycroft                 "It's all right... it is your job, after all," I loosened my grip on his shoulders, but didn't let go.
Talk to me. Please.
Mycroft                 My personal chef was putting the finishing touches on our meals. Given what had happened to Willa, I had insisted on a chef who was personally known to me, and had been thoroughly vetted.
Mycroft                 I started gently massaging Greg's feet with my good hand, as my shoulder was quite sore from the day's exertions. "So you went from wanting to be a pilot to wanting to be a police officer?" I asked.
Greg                      While Rosie was asleep, I quickly jumped in the shower just to freshen up a bit, letting Mycroft shower next and I was wondering how much he was going to do with his physio today. I was also still thinking of Adrian and the investigation still going on.
Greg                      "We'll still check with those who were there that night is well just to make sure everything checks out. When did you find out that she'd died by the way?" I asked as we stood and knew it was going to be as much as we could get out of her.
Mycroft                 "I think dinner would be a good idea," I said slowly. "Perhaps this evening? I happen to know your schedule is clear," I said with a slight smile.
Greg                      "That she was lying to us about who was there with Ms. Smith and what happened. The Russian flower that Sherlock found, Ms. Smith had ordered the chef to put in her guest’s food, but Nina swapped the bowls around when she worked out what was going on." I began cautiously.
John                      He moans into my mouth and that only encourages me more. I push him back onto the bed and run my hand up and over his shoulder inside his coat.
- a bottle of scented massage oil (for external use only)
Mycroft                 I blushed. "You'd laugh." I said, turning to watch the show on TV.
Do tell. GL
John                      “Sex? We don’t have to do anything you’re not comfortable with. And honestly, Sherlock, I’m nervous too. I’ve never had sex with a man. I don’t even know where to start.” I run my fingers around his wrist.
Sherlock               I look a little stunned, "We have a case. I have two email accounts to go through. I need your help tomorrow. You can't just go running off with the first American who picks you up. I didn't think even you were that desperate for sex"
Mycroft                 "I was rather busy at the time, what with Greg covered in blood. I'm sure you can understand a momentary panic in that instance. And I did answer you."
Rosie                     "Daddy does my hair. Papa and I throw the stuffs that come off outside for the birds for nesteses". I. See. You. "That's MY Gayg and you better not hurt him".
Greg                      "Okay... so which way did you leave? Did you leave with anybody and would there be someone to verify you leaving?" I then asked, narrowing my eyes at her and was just playing along with her trying to cover her own tracks.
Mycroft                 "Fine. Now to see if Lestrade is having second-thoughts about being my caretaker..." I sighed, rising to my feet. I
Mycroft                 "Willa... I mean, Ms. Smith, died nearly a month ago. I was brought in to temporarily manage things about a week ago." I motioned for Lestrade to take one of the seats across from me, and I resumed my seat.
Greg                      "I... don't really see any reason to. My flat is shitty, cramped and there isn't really anything there for me anymore. I mean, I can move my stuff back to my flat if you want me to…" I said honestly and raised an eyebrow at him
I let his words wash over me, giving me confidence. I close my eyes and bite my lip a little as I move my hand slowly up and down. I squeeze the head a bit on each down stroke.
Sherlock               My jaw snaps shut, before I finally give up, shaking my head helplessly, "I really don't understand John. You're making even less sense than usual"
Business as usual. GL. Part of me had expected such a personal attachment behind all this but I went to the hospital anyway, got the toxicology reports along with everything else from the pathologist to head back to the embassy.
Greg                      "I'll be back in a minute." I got him under the covers, putting everything in the dishwasher and wetting a small towel to put on his head. I knew it only had to be damp and I'd just sent a text to Anthea when I walked back in to hear him talking to me again.
Rosie                     The fizzy juice tastes funny but ok. "Time for nails. I gots yellow and black and we can be bees." Bees are the Bomb.
Mycroft                 I jumped up angrily, the bourbon only interfering with my equilibrium slightly. "HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW!!" I bellowed, hurling the crystal tumbler against the wall, where it exploded into a shower of shards. "She wanted to see the world, to leave London... and left me." I collapsed back into the chair, my head in my hands.
Mycroft                 I pulled away from him, trying to read the look on his face. Surprise, a little bit of fear, and something softer. I leaned in and kissed him again, my hand moving from his cheek to the back of his neck
Greg                      "Yeah, yeah, is that okay?" I stammered as he led me to the bed and practically threw me onto it and straddled me again. I looked over him where he still had too many clothes on and I was basically naked.
Mycroft                 I followed her to the kitchen, putting the last of the soup into a small bowl for her, and setting it on the table just as she settled onto her chair. I sat at the table across from her with my glass of water.
John                      I pass my phone over and wait while he enters his number.
John                      “More than a bit. It was very good. The best actually.” My release was starting to cool and pool into my belly button. “Um, Sherlock, could you do me a favor and get me a wet flannel?”
Sherlock
Sherlock               Blinking, my hand travels down to a slightly slimy and vomitty pocket, pulling out my phone and peering at it, then I do indeed relax slightly
Greg                      "Well, after you've been with someone like my ex-wife. You have trust issues, it makes it hard to get close to people and for people to get close to me. If people would actually have patience with me, understand the pressures of my job then I could have a relationship." I shrugged over my breakfast.
Rosie                     "Oh oh oh and Gayg was nakey and lives here now!"
Peter Harkness    I don’t know why these two are doing speaking in French, as if I don’t know it. Of course, I know it, and about 20 other languages fluently, and another 10 not-so-fluently. I work at the Department of Foreign Affairs. But I play along like I can’t understand them focused on driving. So, he doesn’t trust me. This is not good. I replay our past interactions to figure out why that might be but can’t come up with anything. Maybe I came on too strong? He’s just not used to how forward Americans are.
Greg                      I looked over at Rosie’s colouring and saw she'd coloured in a lot quite well. "Are you gonna get your hair cut after Uncle Myc, Rosie?" I ask with a small smile and retrieved the milk.
Greg                      "Go for it. It'll be hell in this house for the next couple days if he's quitting smoking." I leant against the worktop, folding my arms across my chest.
Greg                      "For a change, yeah. Think it must have been the Chinese last night that helped." I didn't try to show off the happiness too much as I got jam and marmalade out, putting another few pieces of bread in the toaster and since it was a nice day, I was going to tackle the garden.
John                      I giggle. “That’s the understatement of the century.”
Mycroft                 "I may appear asleep, Greg, but I do notice when you leave the bed in the middle of the night, or when you raise your voice in your sleep." I said Softly.  "or when you already taste of coffee when I kiss you at 6 in the morning”
John                      “Why? Are you hoping it means something?” I was never really sure about the nature of their... friendship? Association?
Please tell me that at least you understand.
Rosie                     Waking up to the sound of Morgan Freeman talking about penguins on tv, I stretch an nuggle up closer to my Gayg.
No. She's just gone down for a nap.
Mycroft                 "Indigenous to the Sussex region, yes, Rosie. Very good."
Greg                      "Thank you for the rocks Rosie." I smiled faintly as me and Mycroft got up, my head starting to think whether they'd actually tried to target me rather than Mycroft. They'd just hit him by accident when they'd aimed for me.
Greg                      "Yeah, you can keep it Rosie. Just maybe tell your daddy and papa that we got it for you rather than where it came from." I smiled weakly as I tried to relax and I was relieved that the twat was gone.
Sherlock               Beaming widely at Nina Boucher I turn on my charm, "Bonjour. I think it's that? Is it that? Oh, I'm terrible at French. Such a beautiful romantic language though isn't it? Say, can we have a word in private Nina? Can I call you Nina? Good? Or bon, yes?"
Rosie                     "I've been here forever today. I saw you all naked with Unca Myca in da kitchen but you didn't see me."
Mycroft                 I groaned in frustration when he pulled my hand away, and bucked my hips against him, desperately seeking friction.
John    I stop a bit at his words. “Ahm, ok. I’d better get back to my colleagues. See you Wednesday morning?”
Greg                      "You would know their names if you called them Boris and Natasha because that's what people involved in crimes do... they give people coded names so they don’t get ratted out by someone who shits their pants in front of the police." I interjected, and it must have caught him by surprise
Found Nina and we know what happened, we need to talk to you. GL
Greg                      "And she didn’t tell you beforehand? Before she left?" I frowned sadly, sipping a bit of my wine and it brought back old memories of having a conversation with Caroline about being with someone that she's genuinely happy with.
John                      “You’ve heard me? Masturbating?” I flush again, climbing on to the bed next to him. I prop myself on the pillows.
Mycroft                 I chuckled. "Medical professionals take a class on how to make their writing completely unreadable, brother. I'm sure of it."
Mycroft                 "Very sure." I whispered, my voice a little shaky. I kissed him roughly, pushing him against the wall. "I am very, very sure," I continued between kisses. It was like a dam had broken in me, allowing passion and need to drown any thought of stopping. Not that I wanted to stop...
James Morgan      "Was hoping to get this done quick." I had already set my backpack down next to where the last bomb would go. "I've already set up the gas. This is the last thing we have to do before the Special Session on the 4th".
Sherlock               Standing up I stride over to him, holding out my arms, "I want a last cuddle with my daughter."
Sherlock
Greg                      "Must be good if Rosie is paying such close attention. 'I chuckled in a hushed tone and folded my arms across my chest when Rosie shushed me. I shrugged at Mycroft, mainly watching how he'd laugh at certain parts or would look down at Rosie through the first half before I put my head back, only planning to shut my eyes for a moment.
Mycroft                 I walked to the window, staring blankly at the sprawling city outside. "Yes. She was my... friend... in university. A brilliant strategist." I replied, somewhat wistfully.
Mycroft                 I could see that Lestrade wanted me to stay awake, but the draw of the darkness was too much, and my eyes closed. I was enveloped in the darkness, but I still heard him speaking to me, and to others, and I was gently moved about, presumably into an ambulance.
Anthea                  I immediately text Peter, the guy who had picked up Greg's mail for me to see if he remembered seeing any photos or letters in the flat. "It would all be evidence right now, if it's there, so I wouldn't be able to take it out yet. But I'm checking with the man I sent over earlier to see if he remembers seeing them." My phone chirps at Peter's response, "Looks like you're in luck, he does remember seeing them scattered about on your bed, so I would assume they are probably all okay and you will be able to get them back after they complete their investigations.'
I know, just think about John at this exact moment and then tell me how your body reacts scientifically. What it does. GL
Mycroft                 "I'm sure we can find something suitable along the way. I could use a decent cup of tea, myself." I'd had more coffee today than I had in a normal week, in an effort to stall my hangover. It had been effective, but tea always tasted better. "So why do you distrust Mr. Harkness? At least, I assume the switch to French was not coincidental..."
Mycroft                 "I can only assume that she circumvented the alarm system and let herself in with the key. I warned you she's playing Matchmaker. I just didn't think she would try so hard."
John                      “No, it couldn’t have.” I answer sternly, glaring at Sherlock.
Sherlock               I give John a small glare, muttering, "I thought we agreed we'd be staying up here another week to celebrate?"
John           “Hi, sweetheart. Papa’s at home. He has a surprise for you.”
Greg                      "Yeah, that sounds great. The baseball, I'll teach you and your friends a few things if you can find me a cricket bat anywhere. I didn't bring mine with me." I smiled more easily where he was happy with a platonic friendship and I just brushed past the comment about my suit.
John                      I snort. “Well, you have to admit Greg is a good-looking man.”
Is he sending you insane yet? Do I need to come and rescue you brother? -SH
Greg                      "I appreciate the concern, Sherlock, but I can fight my own battles. Decide who I sleep with." I said softly as he looked around and he did have the school boy look about him.
Mycroft                 We will have to wait and see, Rosie.
Mycroft                 I smirked at Sherlock. "I suspect Sherlock may have... persuaded them..."
Greg                      "Rosie. I promise that if you get washed up and into pj's, watch a film with uncle Myc then you can paint my nails straight after breakfast tomorrow. Okay?" I turned around with a smile still washing up, knowing Mycroft was out of his depth.
I get warm. My stomach hurts. That may be because I haven't eaten in two days. I grow anxious. He isn't replying to my texts and is with a man -SH
Greg                      "I'll head to my room and then maybe save the sights or just go out for dinner. I'm not exactly the one to go stupid the first night in a new place." I said as I stood slowly and hated the thought of going out with Peter.
Mycroft                 "Sit down, John. She's fine, Sherlock's worked himself into a full panic. They decided to pay me a visit today, for a 'tea party'. Sherlock took it upon himself to make tea for us, and pulled what he thought was a bottle of juice from my refrigerator. However, it was a wine cooler. Extremely low alcohol content, of course - I believe Anthea left them here last time she visited. In any event, my brother didn't bother to read the bottle thoroughly, and managed to serve Rosie two of her teacups of 'juice' before her stomach revolted."
Rosie                     "Myca. Wan my Myca." I see my Unca Myca in the window. He's reading. He likes me to be there when he reads in bed.
Nina Boucher      "I didn't see them. She frequently had personal dinner dates in the evenings, and she had requested I place everything in the dining room they would need and then to not disturb them as she... um... had a penchant for incorporating food into her romantic activities you might say" and I feign being uncomfortable discussing sex with them. "The housekeeping crew would then clean up as I would leave for the night. So that's what I did that night" I lied. In reality, I had to act quickly and help sneak James out of the Embassy unseen by anyone. And then luckily Brad the idiot had been away from his office with no one else keeping watch, so I deleted all the video segments and keycard swipes of James coming and going from the building that evening. Once I got back upstairs I cleared James' place setting, and quickly washing his dishes, left everything looking like Willa had been dining alone. James had said that he thought no one else in the building had seen him arrive as he had his own keycard to access it and had come in thru the employee door.
Sherlock               Glancing at Lestrade I raise a brow. It seems we just had confirmation there was a second person there for dinner. Leaning back slightly I wait to see if he had any questions for her while she was being open, even if I could tell she was hiding certain things.
Greg                      I looked round when Anthea stepped in with Mycroft tailing, handing me the letters. "Someone broke into my flat? What for--yeah, everything was taken out of my flat pretty much apart from a few bits of furniture and old Christmas decorations." I frowned and saw Adrian had sent me a postcard.
Sherlock               Swinging back around I shake my head, gesturing at the kettle, "But the tea John, the tea!" My eyes gleam with rather evil glee, falling on my brother. "Mycroft needs to look pretty also."
Sherlock               My jaw drops open, then I blink, collecting myself, "You think I'm attractive?"
Rosie     "You make me happy all the time. Even when you has to send me to my room cause I was a bit not good and I can go anywhere cause you'll always keep me safe. Daddy knows that too cause he tells me that you are the second neatest thing that ever happened to him and you saved his life lots". I knows there's something I'm forgetting..... Bees! "Does this mean we get bees like a popper family or a dog or a baby??"
Sherlock               Giving my brother an almost pathetic look of gratitude I nod, "Please drink it. You don't want to be like your auntie Harry, do you little Rosie ?"
you're welcome. Up for interviewing the head chef tomorrow and maybe ex head of security? GL
Greg                      "Sherlock!" I call as I see him running off and I thought he'd spotted Nina when in fact he'd just seen a honey stall. I relax when I see him buying a few jars, my eyes flicking around for her.
Greg                      "I’m trying." I whispered and reminded myself to breathe, lights and sirens going on as soon as we were onto a main road and we managed to get to the hospital in under 10 minutes. I knew Mycroft would have gotten there first and I parked the nearest to the door.
Mycroft                 I nearly came undone at the sight of him kneeling in front of me. I swallowed hard, "Rosie is just down the hall," I said, with just a touch of regret in my voice. "This is a profoundly bad idea right now..."
Greg                      I had always found Mycroft interesting and living with him was easy, cooking for someone gave me purpose again and what he'd said last night had started to give me back who I was before the divorce. I put some bread in the toaster and wiped my tired face leaning against the worktop. He'd just blame it on the fever.
Rosie                     "Really? Even if we don't have pretty hats?" I see you Papa. We will talk bout this later.
James Morgan      I look up at him through my curls... "What happened? Where'd you go?" I continue to lick the head while making eye contact.
John                      I take his hand, in shock a little. “You’re... you’re boyfriend?”
- a few types of dildos of various sizes
Mycroft                 I looked over at the postcard sitting with Greg's mail. "Is that from your brother?" I asked, as Anthea leaves with the cleaning crew
Mycroft       "I believe so. Come on in." I motioned for John to enter just as Greg came out with Rosie's bags, followed by a whirlwind of toddler.
Sherlock               My smile falls a little, murmuring gently, "It must have been a terrible shock for you when she died. You seem to be one of the only capable people on her staff."
James Morgan            I laugh at the image. I notice John completely ignored my friends question. "Sounds like a handful. If you wanted to..." fuck, why am I shy all of a sudden?? "... I could take you around the Space Museum. It's a shame to come all the way here and not see the shuttle.  I get it if you say no. I was kinda a dick earlier. I'd understand if you didn't want to." Shut up brain!!! Stop rambling!!
Mycroft                 "Come along, Rosie. Let's get you washed up and into pajamas. Then you and I can watch a movie. Does that sound okay?
Greg                      "But you don't see emotions being a weakness when you're with me, right?" it was my turn to cup his face, my thumb brushing his skin and he'd taken a lot of walls down around him for me. I just didn't know how he was totally after finding out who Willa really was.
Mycroft
Greg                      I looked down and smiled warmly to her now sound asleep, it warming my heart. "Yeah, well, she’s been through a lot today and discovered unicorn cream.." I said as I looked back round at him and he seemed more content today somehow. More relaxed and happy.
Greg is reading to her. How goes the investigation?
Greg                      I'd tried video calling my brother back with no luck, him calling me when I'd been looking after Mycroft last night with his fever. I wasn't sure when I'd fallen asleep, but the antibiotics were on the bedside table and I stirred to feel the other man moving a little.
John                      I look wonderful? Oh god maybe this was a date. Maybe I should tell him. That I don’t... that I’m not... “Thanks.” I take a deep breath, my mind still on Sherlock back on the room. “Yes, let’s go.”
Sherlock               I fix him in a confused little stare, "I did spy at you. At the museum. I was attempting to stalk you now."
Sherlock
Sherlock               Clutching John, I swallow, "Mycroft, John. He's been shot. Chest. Hospital." Luckily, John is calm and collected as usual, walking me to the police car and settling me in the front next to Lestrade while he climbs in the back with Rosie
Sherlock               My nostrils flare as this... interloper keeps touching John, growling deep and low, "Hands. Off."
Mycroft                 I saw a flash of darkness in his expression, and stroked his stomach with my free hand. "Good?" I asked quietly.
Sherlock               I can't hear what's said but I can imagine the general gist, slamming down a rather expensive looking teapot onto the counter and digging into Mycroft's cupboard for his Harrods brand of loose tea
Greg                      "You're the first to say." I breathed out as we kept swaying and I pulled away with a grin when
Sherlock               Panting hard, I try to pull back, then my face goes even paler, staring at Lestrade in horror, "His blood... you're covered in his blood"
John                      I huff out a breath. “Last night you wouldn’t let me touch you and now you want to have sex?”
Sherlock               Keeping my hand right where it is a rush of boldness sweeps through me, "I thought you were in trouble. That's why I was trying to gain information about your date, not date. Then Lestrade made me see I may feel more for you than friends. He suggested I was jealous and for once, he may have made an accurate deduction."
which was very fitting.
Sherlock               I look stunned, my face growing slightly pale, then shake my head, "The not date..."
Need your input. You're not in our hotel room. Where are you? -SH
Sherlock               There's a small pout to my lips, "But the prettiness John. Don't you care about beauty?"
John    “No, it’s alright. Um... sure. That would be... alright.” I say unsure. Maybe a day away from Sherlock would do me some good. He was doing fine on his own without me while I was in the conference all day. “We... ah... have a break... a day off on Wednesday.”
Sherlock               My face transforms into a serious of expressions, from an almost childlike glee to a knowing smirk, then falling at her last words into concern and guilt
Where is John?
Sherlock. His lip wants to curl up in a sneer against the shunting wind. And it's another moment before he is affected by the mention of siblings, for his own is long gone.
This should’ve been a warning sign.
“So. Thisby. Weird name for an island,” John says in the weak afternoon sun.
The official on the cliffs raises a pistol into the air.
Sherlock scrunches up his nose in offense, finding his own incredulous face reflected back at him. His mouth twitches with the obvious withheld comment,
“Tomorrow afternoon. You can bring your photographs to study,” John smiles, a need to impress. Sherlock remembers it will be the first time he’s seen Gladstone since the horse tore out Hope’s throat. What can he do to make time pass faster? To be closer to their cliff meeting?
“Liar,” John says, “though it’s true. I’d’ve kept the shell if I hadn’t already made my wish.”
John tilts his chin up, just a fraction of a degree, and his lips are pushing carefully against Sherlock’s. A bloom of warmth seizes Sherlock’s jaw, John sliding his hand to cautiously touch more of him. His other hand brushes Sherlock’s neck, sending a full-body shiver over Sherlock’s skin that has nothing to do with the cold.
Redbeard sighs and pants and wheezes underneath him as he runs, frantic because of the smell of the ocean, meters and meters below them. This puts Redbeard into a strop the morning after Sherlock first takes him out. Sherlock can tell Redbeard knows exactly what they’ll be doing - running. And running fast. This feeble, Thisby-grown hay isn’t enough to sustain a racing horse. It certainly isn’t what the sport horses and the water horses at the Stockyard eat.
With the crush of bodies pressed tightly together,
Sherlock collects his half-empty package of cigarettes from the mantel and lights one, returning to his post by the window and his music stand. Silly to have grown so worked up over a sound in the flat. The building is old, Mrs Hudson is probably awake downstairs and puttering around and making some nonsensical batch of baked goods, and London is loud and ever-present. The concern over someone coming into the flat is reasonable, because it has happened in the past and will likely continue to happen for the amount of time that Sherlock lives here and publishes his address on his website. Hm. Maybe that spree killer will make an appearance. That would speed things up.
“Oh, god, yes.”
He throws open the door, glancing around in the streetlamps for their culprit. There, disappearing halfway behind the corner of a building. Sherlock runs, sees the man hunched and headed down the alley, kicking old cans and spooking a lurking cat, who hisses.
Hope smears the trickle of blood across his face with the back of his hand, towards his hairline and the edge of his cap. His eyes glare daggers up at Watson, who stands as firm and unbent as ever.
Suspension comes crashing down with a jolt, only to leap again, knees stretching far, one by one by one by one - Gladstone doesn’t need to gather his legs before he’s ending the next stride. Wind rips savagely at Sherlock’s eyes and ears, muffling all sound.
Sherlock grimaces.
“You alright?”
“That I understand Moriarty. It bothers you.”
John’s grip tightens on Sherlock’s waist. His fingers rub suggestive circles over Sherlock’s elbow. “You can get it in the morning.” No one wants to steal an old car.
“No, John, we are not going to any museum,” Sherlock says, positively thrilled and looking expectantly at John, “We’re going to a curio shop.”
“I pray for the gamblers and the racers, every year,” Father Stamford says, urging them to come up to the stage and leading them. “Here.”
Sherlock is not the first one to arrive on the cliffs above the racing beach.
Watching him for a moment, and then breaking into a laugh, John giggles, “I forgot, you know nothing of Shakespeare.”
Who else would challenge them, from Gladstone’s back?
“Wonderful, join him. Give me five minutes alone so that I may think in peace. You’re clogging up the room and ruining the carpet and you’re
John smiles pleasantly. Finally, he drops his hold on Sherlock’s cheeks. He pats Sherlock’s thigh.
), and down his chest. John presses on Sherlock’s sternum, the space between his pectorals as John pulls away, adding slight pressure. Nothing in Sherlock’s conscious mind understands but his body takes the hint, falling back onto the bed and drawing his legs up off the floor.
“Oh, please.” Mrs Hudson scoffs, and picks up the skirts of her dress as she stomps up the stairs.
He can’t ride a
Moonlight sparkles in the
A thought strikes him - John and him are both to race, against each other. When the moment for action comes, will one hesitate to save the other? Could it kill Sherlock, if he did so? It could. For all these days, he hasn’t once considered what racing against John will actually entail.
, in November, when I was young.”
Josephine is old, but she loved to kick when she was younger. Redbeard is too poised to be kicking out the doors and the fence that winds completely around Mrs Hudson’s property. Sherlock can see the rickety, aged wood in the grey day, maybe twenty yards from the front door. The metal gate is round the back of the house, and the Ford is parked just outside it.
Henry Knight looks at him. He extends his hand. “Mr Holmes, it’s nice to see you again.”
John’s familiarity with the house does not sit well in Sherlock’s gut. He detests it, detests the idea that Moriarty must sleep, sometimes, in one of these rooms. He’d know which one if he saw it, but John doesn’t slow to allow him a good look around. He can’t picture Moriarty asleep without some ever-present smirk on his lips. Paintings of horses and old racing plaques decorate every carpeted hallway, completed with dark wallpaper and the occasional person of cleaning staff.
Like with Beryl, the sea swells, sucking at Gladstone’s legs, dragging the long white pieces of hair on Gladstone’s tail that are hanging on the surface of the water.
The weight of what has been uncovered sinks John’s shoulders like a stone in water. His mouth drops open, eyes flickering far away from Sherlock’s gaze, the creases over his brow appearing. Sherlock regards the wild-eyed romantic.
jumped up from nowhere. That nightlock, I have it with me on the beaches, I don’t,” He sucks in a breath, “I don’t know what came over me. I’ve never—” a pause. “I’ve never done that for anyone. Christ,” John sighs, rubbing his fingers against the bridge of his nose, eyes squeezed shut.
Now, however, the
The man himself is there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You haven’t said who the murderer is, Holmes,” Lestrade says.
She thinks he's here for a drink. His face warms, and he tries to sound firm. “I’m here to sign up for the Races.”
? If Donovan is anywhere near whatever you want me to take a look at, because you clearly do need me to look at something, don’t do that drooling, moronic face in my--”
Heart in his ears, beating as quickly as the tide comes after the capaill, he rounds another corner after the figure, who is just disappearing behind another turn. Damn Skarmouth and all her twists! A woman rounds the corner, and Sherlock nearly shoves into her, she shrieks, and from behind him again, he hears John shout an apology to her.
Usually, he doesn't indulge Mrs Hudson like this. He likes to eat upstairs, among his microscope and specimen jars. She likes to pester and insist, though. The meringue pie afterwards is delicious.
It seems as though this festival was invented just to overwhelm him.
“We have to train within one hundred and fifty yards of the shore. Disqualification follows anything else.”
When he’s caught his breath, he circles back round to a steeper part of the cliffs, a part where he can overlook the place where the beach is when the tide goes down without fear of a horse climbing up after him. This is where people sit to watch the Races; this is where the starting line is drawn in sand.
but he is and adjusts the seat manually.
Only. It’s
She pauses beneath the
His hair is windblown from the beach, and in the strong artificial light, Sherlock can see that his hair isn't just blond, it's grey, too, equally light. There’s three-day stubble crawling over his cheeks, beneath his lips and nose, tapering out down his neck.
“So? Where? Near here?” Sherlock assesses the officers. His expectations were never high in the first place, but they fall lower with each passing second. He groans. “No one? Really?”
“There are only a few deaths a year.” Sherlock shrugs, failing to see her point.
No ordinary horse has ever been.
John says, “It isn’t the best time.”
Donovan snorts. Sherlock looks at her.
“Mr Moriarty told me you’d be out for a island funeral at six, John. I’m sorry if I’ve intruded,” He says, confirming Sherlock’s suspicions, “I was only seeking your advice.” His eyes flicker between them both. Sherlock stands solid, rolling his shoulders back.
Sherlock squints against the returning wind. He hums thoughtfully.
Unable to do anything at all - right or wrong. Sherlock counted backwards from ten and John stood in place. He would never simply stand there.
Sherlock spends a very brief moment standing on the cliff, the last faded light sliding behind the endless plane of the sea. By his side, a conifer is leaning over the edge, almost parallel with the ground, its exposed roots clinging to the rock. Sherlock must move, or he will lose his courage.
Nothing besides the Races.
of the high wheels of Redbeard’s pony cart when they bump over rough patches of gravel, and Sherlock has been very, very stupid.
No. Moriarty wants John. Sherlock wants John to be free. But, he nods. Perhaps he can play off this for a moment.
Sherlock knows he saw John tuck his revolver beneath his jacket that he now wears, but John does not remove it. Gladstone rocks, the ear attuned to the sound of John’s humming flicks once. He shifts his weight from side to side, bothered by the noise.
It was only days ago that Gladstone butted Jefferson Hope the same way he hits John, mere seconds before he ripped out his throat.
He has nothing to fight with, but he’s angry, god, there’s red crawling through the edges of his eyes and he knows he’s baring his teeth like a water horse and his hands are shaking and cold on the reins.
“We know she bled to death,” Donovan bites in, “We’re not stupid.”
They catch each other’s eyes, and the laugh slips from Sherlock’s mouth.
Mrs Hudson laughs a little tearfully, skipping the keys and taking his hand instead. Her grip is fierce. “Young man, I’ve been driving for longer than you’ve been alive.”
Water horses are close; so close he can smell them, that ugly scent. They jerk and pull on the long leadropes clipped to charmed halters, momentarily tied to the land, thin heads on long necks towering over the heights of the men. Today, the beach is a dangerous place to be. No man with a horse stands within ten yards of the sea. For good reason. A
John was absolutely right. Sherlock tells him so and John seems to glow a bit brighter in the above lights. Still, he appears perplexed, an expression that is never far from his face.
or wait for it to swallow you. Or get lost,” John gestures to the smaller caves Sherlock had investigated earlier, “and then the ocean will seep through the tunnels.”
“I lied to you.” He comes out with it. “After Hope died on the beach, when I spoke with Moriarty, I told him I would not back out of the Races if he allowed you to buy Gladstone from him when you won.”
, Sherlock? How many of your police friends listen to me,
“... Must be one ah those riders…” Someone whispers near him as the bakery door swings closed with the tinkle of a bell. A flare of pride flourishes in Sherlock’s chest, and his chin tilts up.
By noon today, Sherlock’s fate will be decided. John draws a touch across Sherlock’s shoulder, lingering around the line of Sherlock’s clavicle and sweeping under his shirt. Hunger follows John’s path, like flowers after the fae. By noon today, he’ll figure whether John will ever touch him again.
“Happens,” John says. He closes his eyes. “I’m getting up.” He doesn’t, and laughs when he opens his eyes again to find Sherlock staring down at his face.
The relief pricks at his waterline.
“It seems as though I've lost,” Sherlock says, facing Redbeard. He smells like hay. It’s comforting, near all this stink of fish and bad salt, sour sweat and bird droppings.
Adler looks at him, her red lips curved in a dangerous smile. Sherlock doesn’t want to be looked at like this. Not by anyone. But especially not by her, not right now. He doesn’t need to be questioned. His countenance stays neutral, and he is determined for Adler to cut his finger. She wraps her cold fingers around his wrist. There is a wink of pain, though the blade is sharp. The bonfire roars, one side of his face burning with its intensity.
Sherlock               Hopping to my feet, I gesture with the clipboard, beaming at my brother, "I'll go and drop this paperwork in, pack you up and we can be off. I'll text Anthea to send a car to pick us up."
Greg                      "Then you need to be quiet." I say in more of a hushed tone, but I give him the brightest grin I could, my hands pulling his shirt out of his trousers gently, so I wouldn't hurt his shoulder. I had dreamt about this.
Greg                      "How well did you know Ms. Smith?" I asked after he'd taken a few tepid bites of scone, my hand going into the bag to get the other full one out. I'd never really chatted to him much before.
Rosie                     "I forgot the prettys. Be right back." Where did silly Papa put my nail paint... Yelling on my way out I remind them "Don't forget the hats!!"
Greg                      I looked around the lobby at around 8:50am the next morning where I'd been up at 7 for a run. I was actually raring to go.
I get it's a man Sherlock . I'm just surprised, that's all. GL
Mycroft                 I woke up to find Greg snuggled up against me, his fingers running through my hair. "How long have you been awake?" I asked sleepily. "And what time is it?"
Brad Carter          "Janet, do you mind if I take a quick break? I need to chat with these guys a moment." My boss is clearly distracted by the pretty boy in front of her. "Janet? Janet?!?! Dammit Janet, pay attention!" That must've gotten through to her cause she just waves me off to take my break.
Mycroft                 My cheeks flushed with embarrassment, both at my momentary panic and my inexperience. "Show me what you want," I whispered, kissing him lightly, my hands stroking his arms.
Greg                      I had cupped his face briefly when he'd kissed me and I smiled more honestly when I felt Rosie curling up beside me as she woke up. I smoothed down her hair, throwing the big blanket over the pair of us.
Did John know it was a date? GL
Sherlock               There's the sound of the front door opening, "....but you like your uncles, Rosie. Anthea said she'll help also. It won't seem that long, I promise"
Rosie                     "Oops. We ated them." I -may- have found them in Papas jacket but we shared them so it's ok.
We have news for her. News she'll like I hope -SH
Mycroft                 My eyes widened a bit, and my cock jumped at the thought. I wrapped my fingers into his, and brought his hand to my lips, lightly kissing his knuckles. "I... I want that... I trust you." I whispered, looking into his dark eyes. He was worried I'd refuse.
I'm worried about John. I'm searching for him but the trail has gone cold. It's not like London. -SH
Mycroft                 I woke up early to the smell of coffee brewing. I rolled out of bed and headed to the kitchen, where Greg was starting on breakfast. "Good morning, Greg." I said, sitting at the table as he sets a steaming cup of coffee in front of me.
Sherlock               Beaming at her I grab Lestrade's arm, trying to steer him into her office, "Of course, so sorry."
I promise, look at the bar nearest to his conference. That would be my best bet. GL
Rosie                     "Be right back". I jumps down from the chair and go into the living room cause I heard my Myca making weird noises. I see the hoodie-guy not wearing a hoodie push and rub my Unca. Myca makes some more weird noises and his eyes are closed but I guess it's ok...
John                      “Good. Keep me updated. I’ll help out in any way that I can.” I give him a thin smile.
Greg                      I got up and put my dressing gown around my shoulders, slowly wandering out of my room and I was thinking about getting a cold drink but I was drawn to Mycroft’s room where I could see the bedside light still on. I tapped quietly on the door and I even wondered if he was awake.
John’s leg will start to bother him if they sit here in the cold for any longer Perhaps it already aches, and John chooses to ignore it. If John killed a
Sherlock’s mind is working at breakneck speed, considering the ramifications of what this could mean. A problem that may not exist? No, it must be a reference to the murder of the poisoned tourist, a poor attempt to shift the guilt. Of course. Moriarty would never confess in a letter. Not his style. If Sherlock wants to get anything from him, it’ll have to be in person, where he can see, in depth, every fallacy of his facade, every twitch of his mouth, every lie that slips from it.
An official shouts for riders to head down to the beach.
Sherlock takes this all in during an instant. He declines to move.
are lurking like sharks just beneath the uneven surface of the water. He faces Hope and the man again with a sour expression.
they shipped to the mainland, before all the laws and regulations. It’s said that the moment the ferry left Scorpio waters, she withered away. Her bones turned to dust in her pelt, and her hide flaked away. The only thing left of her on the ferry was her harness of bells,” John says. The wind blows his hair back as it funnels in through the stable door, and he squints into it as the screen door clacks against the panels of the house. “She belonged to Thisby and to the Scorpio Sea. They all do. Anywhere else, they do not belong. They’re ours.”
“There was a
He places the knight in the courtyard, right in the middle. Brief pause. Sherlock adjusts it. “There,” He says quietly, accompanied with a faint spark of pride, because there’s no one here to see him, so what’s the harm? “Where’s your helmet gone, hm? And your sword?”
, he learns that Sherlock was ready to give this all away for him. John’s nice like that. Moral, loyal, strong. After the Races, come what may of them, it won’t matter. Moriarty’s direct hand will leave them. His influence over the island, however, will remain. Sherlock’s mouth twists. He won’t be satisfied until it’s eradicated completely.
This seems to visibly deflate John. His shoulders sag nearly imperceptibly. “Right,” He says before Sherlock can say much else. Perhaps John thought they would go after the envelope from the dead man’s pocket together, in the same way they had last night. Alas, John is still under the command of Moriarty. His skin prickles with guilt.
“Here.”
“Thank you,” Adler whispers back.
He’d almost forgotten the tiny man that's hidden in the folds of his scarf, just below his collar. Sherlock straightens immediately. It wouldn’t do to have John fall out. Both because they are surrounded by officers, Donovan and Lestrade, and Sherlock can only assume that a fall from this height would injure John. And, John would probably not like to land on a dead body. He pats down his pockets, pretending to assess the body from above.
Watson jumped in after him.
Sherlock blinks. “John?” He drops to his knees, tilting his head to peer under the stables where John had first hidden this morning. He resists the urge to go poking around in them and repeat history with another bleeding finger. Even though John apologized, he probably doesn’t want to get prodded at.
Sherlock had told John several times that he hadn’t lied, that he’d given the whole truth. The confession triggers a surge of honesty, guilt squeezing his conscious.
It’s not his house. That’s entirely the reason he began racing, entirely the reason Moriarty wants him to watch John die on the sand.
“No, the horse. She was a
Snapping out of the spectacle, Sherlock elbows his way through the tourists and islanders who have come to watch the champion be saddled by someone who isn't John. Why is this happening? Had John slipped away for a day and had Hope gone to steal Gladstone from where he was at the Stockyard?
Sherlock frowns. John looks at him, imploring Sherlock to believe him. He should trust John. He might have been disinclined, if things on the cliff had gone differently. But the way John holds his hand now, the soft whisper of the edge of John’s sleeve against Sherlock’s fingers, begs him to consider otherwise. His chin twitches.
John is right. But Sherlock cannot shake this utter conviction he has, that it is truly Moriarty that brought the dagger and the plant’s poison to the island. There is no evidence, besides John seeing the dagger in the Stockyard’s owner’s hands. Even then, as Moriarty is not a racer, it is legal for him to hold, if illegal to purchase. He remembers how much blood had soaked into the sandy lining of Beryl’s stall, how clean the wound must have cut to allow such spillage. He remembers how similar Gladstone’s black coat and Beryl’s bay one look in the stormy-dark.
urging him to come home. But Sherlock needs to know. He does not let himself be taken by this song. Hope is working his lip, trying to speak. Sherlock can see chewing tobacco dark in his mouth.
John glances back, and Sherlock’s eyes flutter to his. Is he making sure Sherlock is following? This one moment, where John doesn’t have to run after him, and instead must trust that
“Come on, icicle,” John says, and Sherlock feels the ghost of a hand press his lower back, a gentle push out of his stall.
“Hm,” John hums, reaching above Sherlock’s head to open a cabinet next to the two-burner stove. “Well, he is a priest. So, both, I suppose.”
“So, then you find you can’t exercise the half-bloods all in the pastures with the island ponies, and since they’re too small to be ridden as exercise, we swim them.
John returns to the bed, covering Sherlock’s middle with the flannel, damp and warm like the air around them. Sherlock lies back, letting John dip the flannel around and below his cock. He flinches as John swipes away the evidence at his backside, clean and kind.
He furrows his brow. “It wasn't Father Stamford.”
A quiet few minutes go by, Sherlock and John barely breathing, the pair focused completely on the unknowing man. Should Sherlock tackle him now, while he can, demand why he’s here? Or should he wait until the man finds what he’s looking for, and allow that to color his decision? If he’s just after an overdue notice that couldn’t wait until the office was open tomorrow, it wouldn’t be worth it, but the amount of trouble the figure has gone to would be astounding for such a small reward.
Redbeard could die.
Mrs Hudson doesn’t seem to mind this at all, and digests it so quickly and easily that Sherlock is disappointed. He thought that the surprise of a champion in her house would buy him a moment of quiet until John came back.
He allows the man to barely leave the room with his prize, feels John relax beside him, and turns, “That’s our file, John.”
“Did you, now?”
Sherlock frowns.
He glares at the hooded stables. A loose splinter, broken shard of rock?
The gun - the gun he nicked off Lestrade on the occasion he was being exceptionally annoying - that’s in the bedroom, and he cannot give whatever may be in his sitting room any time to move and change position. The chairs have sharp legs if he can lift one off the ground silently and quickly enough to brandish as a weapon, and the kettle is hot or maybe he could light something on fire--
“Sherlock--”
Sherlock purses his lips carefully. “I was invited here.”
The sound of drums, crashing through a close-by alleyway. John turns, surprised at the sudden sound, and this is when the culprit bolts, a streak of black through small crowds of colorful people and bicycles.
This surprises a chuckle of disbelief out of Sherlock.
The thumb returns. John’s finger is pushed tight against the modeled line of the trigger. Sherlock stares at John’s hands, shivering.
Sherlock sucks in a deep breath. He sputters, “My feet are cold,” and flexes his bare toes.
Men and several women are smoking heavily outside the pub entrance, spitting out wads of chewing tobacco, or doing otherwise gross things. He can tell each of them have already gone through more than a pack this evening, and they eye him like they know him when he walks in. They likely do - everyone knows everyone’s business on Thisby, and with entering the Races with Redbeard, Sherlock’s become more obviously outcast than he had been before.
He suddenly looks miserable. “Oh, you
?” Sherlock frowns. He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
When he speaks, he’s quiet, hushing against Sherlock’s neck. “Do you really think I’ll get into trouble for Moriarty?”
She is hardly gone for a second when John turns to Sherlock. This time, Sherlock pretends to be invested for a few seconds more, and then sets the autopsy paper down, leaning back in his chair.
The hallway light does not flicker on, but footsteps are heard coming down it, the sound of door handles being tried.
“I’m telling you all my trade secrets, aren’t I? You didn’t think all those mainland mongers came to the Yard just for island ponies?” John grins, and Sherlock thinks of the mainlander that he’d met, Henry Knight, and his big ears, “They may be fast, but those half-bloods are faster.”
” Sherlock looks over Lestrade’s face, but nothing in it says he’s joking. Angry, Sherlock flattens out his mouth. “Fine. Then, gather around, look at her, I know you’re all unbelievably slow, but she’s pale.”
It’s all there, in the story, Sherlock. Our story.”
Not to mention the teeth that would be pushed up against his chest, as Redbeard’s nose is now. Sherlock runs a fond hand through the copper horse’s black tuft of hair between his ears, careful not to encourage bad behavior. The rest of his mane and tail is rust red, like his coat, but there's little wisps of black up here.
"You're on my hair."
Sherlock frowns. “I have never understood island humor.”
And he warned me about you, little while after I saw those articles in the paper. He even set up that little warm up for you, yesterday. Brilliant stuff, might I say.”
Mycroft had further discouraged Sherlock in the most peculiar of ways. He took Sherlock to the shore.
I would agree with you but I've been attempting to reach John ever since I returned from the lab. He isn't reading my texts or answering them -SH
Carlton                 "Oh, don't worry, I wouldn't dare hurt anyone," as I indicate for Mr. Gregory to sit and I place a drape around his shoulders. "I also like to give the trimmings to the birds for their nests. Maybe when we are done, you can do that part?"
Greg "You've got 5 minutes before we need to leave, I always have a habit of arriving places early." I waved with the amount of open files on his desk and shut the door to sit opposite him.
Sherlock               Lifting my head a little my lips fall onto John's gasping mouth, almost innocent in the chaste little peck
Sherlock                       Narrowing my eyes I regard Mycroft carefully, then snap, "Just tell me. It will be worse if you keep secrets just for the sake of having secrets. Don't be a child Mycroft."
Greg                      I'd only brushed my other hand along my chest before scrunching it up on the sheets, my head being thrown back when I did climax all over my hand. I made sure not to scream anything out even though I was imagining Mycroft’s face in bliss. I merely grunted and sighed as I came down, felt the liquid on my hand.
John                      Sherlock grabs Rosie and I follow them out into the hall.
Anderson scowls, and that’s a familiar sight, indeed.
“You’re still on it.”
The barn cat, a scruffy black thing that Mrs Hudson calls Musgrave, winds itself around Sherlock’s legs. He doesn't pay attention to the cat, even when she butts her head against his ankles and rolls over his shoe.
Lestrade crossed his arms, the movement bunching the coat by his elbows, tapping his fingers delicately on it. He widened his stance, glowering at Sherlock. “I’m not picking it up again.”
, it - it shouldn’t be - be
Gladstone limps into the Scorpio surf, knocking over the wet saddle John has raced him under for so many years. His large body paces itself, going slow, hip flexing taut under his black skin. The ocean sloshes around his ankles as he wades in deeper, proud and badly hurt, his great long face shaping into something new. Froth brushes against his knees, then his shoulder as the tide lures him deeper.
It doesn’t take all of his genius to figure it out. He hates the answer. The answer thrills him.
“You weren’t aware you should be looking for anything,” Sherlock says. “There was no reason for you to be suspicious.”
Sherlock is lacking something in his hands to fiddle with nervously. He misses the glass as he forces his arms to his side, feeling like a statue carved from wood as he crosses the room.
“Please,” he whispers, breath warming Gladstone’s pelt. The worry in his chest extends, clogging his throat. It works with the magic, tugging at his neck as if to suffocate him. There is no wind in the stables, but cool air makes the white mane brush his cheek. Sherlock swallows.
“You’ve asked around about me, haven’t you?”
Unconvinced, John reaches, and Gladstone snaps at his hands, bells rattling loudly and face curving outward like a fish’s. The horse’s eyes never shift from the ocean, and his legs shudder and rattle the bells even louder.
of course they're always violent.”
“Unlock it,” He demands, straightening. What is he going to do if there is no envelope? There’s no way he could walk to the Stockyard and ask for another. Completely stupid.
“About Moriarty.”
. The Stockyard’s callmark. There are thin, spiderwebbing cracks in the wax, as if someone had folded the letter and ruined the emblem. “It was in this room since that other night,” Sherlock says, “Or else the wax would be more damaged, more cracked. The thief must’ve slipped it into this room before taking off with the files.”
The short man from before, Klemp, has returned, near the door. The rain is pounding on the roof and the outside walls. Gladstone’s breathing grows harsher. “Not out there,” Klemp says, “Moriarty’s out there.”
John knows what the etching means? Is it related to the murderer, some pedestrian, plebeian poetry about pain and killing from the medieval period that the killer has taken to heart? Was it a stressor at all that made him begin his killings 18 years ago, or was it the acquisition of the sword itself that triggered him?
Sherlock makes an icky face when they get up, compelled to really try the scotch like John insisted. After a second, he tips the glass up and swallows the rest, liquid burning the back of his throat, and the warmth traveling to his stomach and flushing out through red cheeks.
John touches Gladstone’s black skin. Gladstone shivers, beset by invisible flies. His tail sweeps to his flank, hairs brushing Sherlock’s arm.
“You own several copies, apparently,” Sherlock says.
on the beach. He'd like it better if they weren't paying any attention at all to him. Their ears pressed forward, serpentine necks arched, lips curled back.
He remembers the festival. He's always been an outcast, someone not worth a second glance on this island, someone to snicker at or throw a punch at. Now, with Redbeard formally entered in the Races, he's become a laughingstock. Not that he wasn't before. He sniffs haughtily. Is a little respect so much to ask for?
“It’s a race for
John’s other hand dips down, splaying over his thigh, and presses hard, sinking into the flesh that is clad in Sherlock’s trousers, while his face is taking avidly to the length of the tendon dropping down Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock gasps, sudden, and his hands come up to hold onto the sides of John’s head, needing desperately to grasp something. The drag of John’s unshaven face against the sensitive nerves near the surface of his skin makes him shiver.
Mere minutes from catastrophe if this keeps up, Sherlock cricks his neck for a neater angle, prompting John to slide a hand out of his hair (
He almost did. He never had such luck.
“Sherlock.”
When he releases Gladstone’s face, the horse’s eye strains back to look at him, square pupil dilating. His quickening breath rolls over in the cold air, haunting smoke and icy seawater. In the dark, he could be Beryl. Only white hair of mane and tail stand against the night-black panels of the stall. He could be the piebald. He might even be Mary.
John is the solution, not a problem.
It must be the limp. Watson limps, badly, as he walks towards the door, but he doesn't have a cane. It’s not as bad as it was at the beach. Sherlock’s mouth flattens into a line. Psychosomatic. Interesting. It lessened to near nothing when he was handling the blonde mare, and only reappeared when Watson was leaving. He looks sharp, like a man who could race, but his face is also soft around the corners, like he wouldn't have the heart.
Each muscle is protesting movement and refuses singularly to cooperate. No moving. Recover.
But John, where Sherlock’s eyes draw to him, almost hidden, does not move from his spot beneath the overhangs of the chalk cliffs. Sherlock sees the lower half of his face, the rest hidden behind a bump in the chalk, grimacing before the rest of his eyes come into view.
For one moment, the world slowed. The ocean's thrusts, so far below, no longer slugged entire foul-smelling kelp forests onto the shore, the fulmars did not flex their wings and did not cry overhead, and the island held its breath.
“I will ride,” Lestrade tells Adler formally. Then, he thrusts his hand forward, and Adler’s delicate fingers snake around his wrist, jerking it closer to herself. She brandishes a tiny blade, and slices his finger in an expertly fast motion. The blood must fall to the rock, because he relaxes, but Sherlock is too far away to see it.
For a week, he checks between the couch cushions and beneath floorboards, in the tin where he keeps his coins.
“Imagine what mainlanders would pay for island
The American client prods him a bit more about Moriarty’s whereabouts while giving him more hard, fond pats. Well. John knows they’re meant to come off as friendly and nice, but John doesn’t want to be touched by anyone that is lacking Sherlock’s… anything, right now.
Gladstone knocks his face in a seemingly friendly manner against Hope’s shoulder. Hope presses back, rubbing his soft nostrils, perhaps thinking the water horse is fond of him.
John shakes his head, as if he has practice at this sort of introduction. “Holmes. My appearance is nothing to you, this is not what I am like. This body is temporary, my way to visit the holders of the castle. I live far away, in reality, of another time.”
It’s John, for being late.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “What lore Mycroft is coming up with.” He stands and fiddles with his dressing gown sash, picking at a loose thread. He mumbles to himself, “You’d think he wrote children’s books.”
He tries to keep his expression as serene as a tidepool on one of Thisby's clear days, but it doesn't work, just twists up his face. The little kick and Watson's giggles has warmed him up to the other man.
Musgrave reappeared sometime during the night. She lays in the expensive hay by the loft, missing half her tail and looking significantly less excited to explore the island as she usually does. She hisses at Sherlock and at Mrs Hudson for coming near her, but seems overall fine and usual.
“You ride to Skarmouth before storms in the middle of the night, you’re riding an island horse in the Races, and you jump into the quay after some papers, all at the end of October. You’re serious, you don’t know what’s funny?”
“Have you been eating with this in?” Sherlock accuses as he steps in front of the stallion. Naturally, Redbeard doesn't answer, his ears only prick forward at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, which startles the flighty barn cat.
John slips his hand over Sherlock’s face now, brushing his thumb gently against the crest of Sherlock’s cheek again. Sherlock can spot how this is natural to him from a mile away. He narrows his eyes, wondering how many others John has touched like this. The hard edges of John’s worn skin catch along stray hairs. Perhaps he can be persuaded to calm down.
Then he motions to it for Lestrade.
“Works for me.”
, they always make him out to be the bad one.”
John wants to sleep with him.
Black - then,
Somewhere in his head, he understands that he should be observing, letting the finale come to a close and watching what happens, replaying it to puzzle out what Molly thought was so suspicious (her intuition is surprisingly good). But that would include watching John get trampled.
hiss when the poles touch them. The rings of bells and iron charms is ceaseless, every horse is adorned in braids and decorated breastplates, painted in sigils for speed and half-muzzled by bits of braided leather.
“What’re you— of course you couldn’t, no one could have. Mary came out of nowhere.”
There are three seconds of silence, and then--
“The cat,” John prompts quietly in his ear.
Stamford looks over his shoulder. It isn’t too conspiratorial, and so Sherlock lets his own gaze slide across the land to the mass of the funeral party.
Sherlock purses his lips. John hasn’t backed away from him at all. Standing in the middle of busy Skarmouth, just days before racing, and John, Thisby’s resident champion, sidling up to him so close that it’s almost obscene. To himself, at least. Passerbys, and there are passerbys, probably wouldn’t blink at two men in deep conversation so close to each other. They may look like a pair of secretive gamblers to the uninformed.
No time to wonder, his evidence will sink.
It seems any question asked after someone on Thisby ends with a cause of death. John doesn’t feel like touching Henry, but extends a simple, “I’m sorry,” his way. Henry keeps watching the auction faraway, still and quiet.
“This is Snow White,” John says, incredulously, and providing the name Sherlock had deleted. “It’s the passage about her being poisoned by the evil witch. It’s the original version — the queen hires the huntsman to kill Snow White, she wants to eat her liver, lungs, and heart. Except,” John shifts the paper, “liver and lungs, they’re crossed out. The words.”
There’s been enough impressing John, who is dazzled by his deductions as ever. Sherlock has ceased to care, for the moment, about his looks, as the memory of the evidence being in his house surfaces, the head of a water horse rising from black water.
Sherlock holds the saddle and Gladstone’s lead while John fits the scarlet cloth on top of Redbeard’s pad, and throws the saddle back over top again. John cinches the girth tightly for him, and Sherlock doesn’t double-check it. He could have done it himself, but John’s hands steady out when he helps. Sherlock wouldn’t deny John that.
John can process only the black behind his eyelids. In his chest, there's a dull, prolonged throbbing, and a more pronounced sting of a stitched incision somewhere under his left pectoral.
“Hilarious.”
When a man in a bright blue and gold waistcoat, a tourist come to race, made his appearance before them, asking after someone he'd lost track of. He learnt how unfriendly true people of Thisby were when Sherlock didn't even look at him (he had a gambling addiction, how pedestrian was that?).
Now, Moriarty knows Sherlock would do almost anything to achieve the ends.
He presses his back to the cliff wall, and slowly, slowly, wades across the now knee-high water between his little hill of gravel and the dunes.
“Wrapped in that towel, wrapped in your own funny little fantasy! You’d finish your Races and you’d go off and live your life with Watson, leaving me in the
And this is where John Watson appears, out of nowhere. There is no fog - Sherlock didn’t see him approach, all he knows is that Redbeard curves away from the heel Sherlock presses into his side, and that this move runs him towards John Watson, mounted on the back of his giant black horse. He's a shape and then he's John. Sherlock slows as he approaches, unsure of what to say, maybe to open his mouth and apologize for not being here yesterday, because that’s the only thing that is currently coming to his angry and twisted mind.
Sherlock regards Watson for a moment, and then lets his mouth twist into a smile. Watson follows suit. Redbeard snorts again, as if fed up, and Gladstone’s long, thin ears twist unnaturally to catch the sound.
It’s nearly finished. The Races are over but the game has yet to conclude.
Finally, Sherlock drops the bomb. “This man is John Watson, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock hushes, pressed for time before John makes another reappearance. His eyes dart to the bathroom hall even now.
Donovan's posture goes rigid, hostile irritation pouring off her. “‘Something?’ So, you don’t know. Great. Greg, you sent Phillip out for nothing. Freak doesn’t know.”
Lestrade stood and cracked his back. “This thing must be made from real rock! Cement, at least. It weighs a ton, Sherlock.”
before? How would this happen?
“Given how I was nearly killed by the mare on the beach, I think I do.”
“Are you really planning on winning again?”
Tapping a rhythm over Sherlock's knuckles in morse, John smiles. His face feels greasy and caved with too many lines, it feels good, and he keeps tapping. “I dreamt of you, too. During all of this,” He glances around the room for a moment, and Sherlock half turns away to follow his gaze, apparently expecting John to be staring at one thing in particular.
." John scoffs. He seems interested. “What is that?”
He has enough money to enter the Races. The fee is fifty, to be paid when he signs up at the Hawkins Tavern.
“You were born on the mainland where your family ran a failing dairy farm, you ran away from it for Thisby and its danger and you left the rest of your many siblings to do all of your hard work for you. You've no right to be telling me what to do and what not to do.”
He casts a glance towards the conifer that clings to the island. By far the spot that makes him feel most lonely. Again, his favorite tree, and one of the few that grow naturally. The ones by the Stockyard are all planted for decoration.
A water horse could ask him if he wanted to go to the bottom of the ocean, and Sherlock would probably nod. He does so.
John regards it warily.
“Sherlock Holmes, I have seen worse things than a few Races.” She waves a hand, tsking at him. A warm smile pinches at his face, overcome with gratitude for this woman.
“I didn’t tame Gladstone,” John clips, watching the scrambles and mock gallops on the beach. There's barely room to walk, and the screams of horses conquer all airspace, reducing the men on the beach to mutters or shouts. A
“Evening, Sherlock.”
, and so it must be significant, a clue, or…” He looks up from studying John’s writing, “or, he’s acted on that particular fantasy twice, now. Just…” he looks up. “Just adding to his collection.”
There is no sound of hooves on long cliff grasses. The
“I must be the exception, then.” John says hopefully. He slips his arm under the pillow Sherlock rests on, and bends his elbow, hauling Sherlock in by the back of his neck. John smiles like a deviant.
“It was closer than I thought it was going to be. Much closer. And,” Watson says, drawing Sherlock in with his gaze again, “It’s John.”
Sherlock has never loved a bath so much. Neither has he loved clean clothes. John’s jumper works its way beneath his duvet and into his arms instead of covering his body. He’ll return it when he needs to return it.
His white mane shivers against his hide, trembling for a moment, then it freezes, caught in the middle of a shivering transformation. It is sea-slick and glossy-wet, like kelp washed ashore. Gladstone opens his mouth and Sherlock can see something that almost resembles a tongue inside and at the same time does not, but John hits him on the nose, hard. Gladstone’s teeth snap shut.
“I’m not angry.”
“It's not her I don't trust.”
Sherlock's hands find John Watson's shirt collar, and then his jacket’s, and he pulls, bubbles escaping from his mouth and nose.
“Bossy,” John smiles, but listens anyways. His face is less weathered than Sherlock has ever seen it, younger. Together, they are guarded from every obstacle outside, oblivious and quiet. The schemes of gamblers and Moriarty and the other racers are trivial when Sherlock is dripping in satisfaction. It’s like his mind has been soothed, instead of his body. Drained of apprehension, drenched in chemicals.
He undoes the small clasp on one long side of the box. It’s really more of a case, and he’s irked he didn’t think of the more fitting word until just now. The insides are covered in crinkly, yellowed fabric, as if it were a casket, and in it rests a small figurine.
And the Hawkins Tavern is the dirtiest.
Lestrade had stepped in towards the distraught girl, who’d just had the fantastically brutal murder of her father solved. “He means ‘thank you’,” Lestrade said, when in reality, Sherlock hadn’t meant any such thing.
Sherlock is bouncing with the speed and the suddenness of it, and trying fervently to rein in the terrified stallion. He yanks powerfully, and Redbeard jolts to a stop, turning in circles and throwing his head up and back erratically.
sweat away with the back of his wrist.
John grins and breathes out because he can't really laugh, not yet. It's more like a tired wheeze than anything else. Sherlock glares at the square patch of the petroleum bandage, sealed on all but one side to let air out, but not be sucked in by the cavity in John's chest.
Pieces of it fall onto the stone flooring, spinning like feathers or oak seeds. He’ll need to run back to the other end of the stable for more. This weak Thisby grass has stuffed but not
A yellowed envelope, torn open at the top, and stamped with a red, wax seal over the fold. This, he carefully pulls from John’s pocket.
mysterious creatures, possibly. “
He can hold his breath for five minutes. He shoves his heels down, poised to kick. Redbeard’s belly heaves like nervous animal, but dutifully, he remains quiet, his ears pinned back, his shoulders tight and tense under Sherlock.
Sherlock frowns. “Last month I solved a murder by approximating the killer’s large shoe size relative to his exceedingly slight weight. Where the Yard failed, they were expecting a heavy man, but I could tell by the piece of a shoelace left behind that the perpetrator was only eight stone.”
! ” Moriarty goes on. Still, he does not outright say that John is doing his dark bidding for him. He caresses his book cover. “
He was just wondering how the fiddler crabs fared when the horses were wild in the autumn, if they were ever crushed by dinner-plate hooves or if they stayed in their burrows all day. Attention drawn back to John, Sherlock frowns. “What makes you think so?”
neck back in check.
“It’s nearly eight.”
A man who’s cheating on his wife with the man walking next to him laughs, and says something about it being too early. Both of them leave the beach the way Sherlock came down, stumbling on the grassy dunes.
John’s arm is perfectly extended forwards, revolver aimed high at the man, the other hand holding Gladstone’s reins, keeping the connection between them. Gladstone is a statue. They’re both statues. Carved in marble, flawlessly exquisite, down to the last hair on Gladstone’s mane and tight line between John’s concentrated brow. His skin looks like wet gold.
Sherlock settles at the kitchen table, inhaling the scent of cooked mutton. Really, he wonders how people get by without Mrs Hudson’s cooking in their lives. Not that he’s hungry. “Absolutely appalling,” Sherlock agrees.
Lestrade, the DI of the very small police force on the island, told him there was nothing to worry about when the letters stopped and Sherlock went to him.
He is beginning to see the extent that Moriarty has been watching him, the limits of his obsession. Any and all visits to Mrs Hudson’s house must’ve been all for Sherlock’s benefit. Toying with John and Gladstone, another.
big and blue-grey like angry water, from the boy’s father, a hard-iron working man, large and distant, like the horse. The boy’s father appears untouchable, dry-faced.
“I’ll see you at the end,” John says, stepping back and extending his hand.
all morning.
and the name
Redbeard squeals, his shoulders jumping as he stomps his forelegs, jolting Sherlock's teeth. Thunder rumbles, more of a distant growl than a clap or a roar.
Moriarty’s sharp nails catch on the side of Sherlock’s face, and beyond him opens up the storm, rain sheeting down. “His name! You know his name! Who have you
The land shifts again.
it’s what he’s always wanted to do.
John tightens his hold, clutching the back of Sherlock's coat and jostling Sherlock's injuries the wrong way. Sherlock hisses.
Mary’s mouth quivers around new blood.
A mix of despair and dread begin to climb up the back of his throat. No. The situation must be dealt with. He steps towards the champion rider, and stops. It’s possible he is the last person on the earth that John wants to see right now. A gust of wind brings about his selfishness, and he walks to John anyways.
Redbeard has his moods. He doesn't like standing in water, which is very wise on an island like Thisby, and he hates thunderstorms and fog. The storms, because they make his knees ache, despite his youth, and the fog, because there's always something to be concealed in it. An uncertain, new water horse, stepping onto land for the first time in a year.
His office, which Lestrade did not order a search of.
John’s boots step into view. Sherlock looks up from under his lashes. John crouches on his good knee, sliding a hand to rest on Sherlock’s lower thigh. He squeezes tenderly, thumb rubbing Sherlock’s patella, right where Sherlock’s leg is bandaged under his trousers.
John squeezes his wrist. “Christ, I don’t want to let you go in.”
“It is cold,” John sighs. Sherlock watches him pull the thermos away from his lips, “You were right, like always.” A little thrill.
They spend a few minutes half-heartedly saying words to each other while Sherlock touches Redbeard’s face. The horse cranes against his hand. While John sits on a bale of hay by the floor, where Sherlock had peeked behind to see the piebald nights ago, John starts telling him about the Stockyard’s business. Sherlock listens to this intently, searching for anything that mentions Moriarty’s name. Their discovery last night only confirms his involvement in everything on the island and Sherlock is itching to get ahold of the envelope that had been in the dead tourist man’s pocket.
It’s the Stockyard’s emblem.
Hope laughs cruelly, “What, Watson? Is this,” He gestures to Sherlock, “really better than your usual ride? So much so that you've forgotten how simple-minded they are to control? I'll admit, that one looks like he needs a whip.”
It’s truth.
John releases him, partly satisfied, and Sherlock straightens his shoulders, blinking away the emotions that have crept into his vision. He turns towards the door, staring, unseeing, at the panel of ornately carved wood for a long moment. John watches him, he can tell from the corner of his eye.
The white of the fence posts, red of the stables, and green of the healthy grass is a very pleasing color scheme, and surely it's planned to be inviting to rich mainlanders.
He shifts and stalks closer. They are but a scant foot apart.
It’s Watson, his dark jacket sleeves rolled up past his elbows, exposing his tanned forearms, his hands curled into tight angry fists. They’re not shaking. The firelight dances orange over his face and his clothes and his whole body, glinting off the watch on his right wrist. When he looks like this, his lips are a thin line, and there is something to behold in his dark eyes, no longer the colour of the clear sea. They’re coal-black, the same shade as the night and as the ocean tonight.
." It itches worse than the scratchy armchair he's sitting in. Not even the fire in the hearth beside him provides any comfort. And John, his torturer,
What does Moriarty know about John’s involvement with Sherlock? He knew enough to be confident that Sherlock would be accompanying him this evening at the funeral, even when Sherlock hadn’t planned on it. Thanks to Sherlock, he’s aware of the effect John has, but what about the reverse? What does Moriarty know about John’s feelings? John is incredibly bothered by the threat to Sherlock’s wellbeing.
“He’s never attempted to get me to go to ceremony. Or make me repent.”
“Hey, John,” Henry greets. The ease of it makes Sherlock bristle. “I was wondering where you’d gotten off to.”
“Training reports…” Sherlock mumbles as he drops off the last wooden step. It creaks after his weight’s left it.
“Didn't tame him?” Sherlock prompts, looking into the fray. Deductions and observations jump at him in such number that he has to peer down at the cliff grass to gather his bearings.
Redbeard isn’t panting. Sherlock dismounts, pulls Redbeard by the reins along the cliffside, and watches the push and pull of the ocean down far below. He imagines what the coastline will be like in two hundred years, when the rocks here crumble and, instead of steep chalk cliffs, Thisby will be made into something entirely flat.
“Average weight of an adult male is about eighty-two kilograms, that’s under three grams of aconitine. Two point two-six-eight to be numerically exact,” Sherlock snaps, “He was administered a dose enough to kill a healthy adult male, meaning it wasn’t common knowledge that he was ill.” He picks up the next photograph, a more recently developed one and mostly unharmed by the seawater, a shot of the man’s stomach contents. “Or the poisoner wanted to be sure the dose was enough to be fatal.”
Into the ironwood paddock, he decides, is the best place. John presses his fingertips to the chosen
Ah, right. John so just as clever as Sherlock is his own way. Sherlock says, “Since the start. Obviously.”
. His eyelids droop. He blinks, glancing at the glass jar of lubricant on the bedstand.
He hands off the pages to John, who impatiently takes them from him. John reads while Sherlock steeples his fingers below his chin, deep in thought.
“Will I?”
“Imported?” He asks.
He gives a sudden, harsh tug, and Sherlock groans, scraping against Moriarty’s wrists with his nails, rain slipping into his mouth between the faults of his teeth. Tangy-copper blood slips between Sherlock’s lips. He imagines, quickly, that this might be how he dies.
Not Lestrade, and certainly not John Watson.
And John Watson is no saint.
Moriarty gestures. “Tell me what you think.”
Sherlock snorts.
But there are other ways to find that on this island. Sherlock discovered that soon after the muted buzz of cocaine faded from his veins. The Races aren’t all that Thisby has, no matter what Mycroft used to say.
Sherlock makes it up the cliffs, where he collapses to his knees, soaked up to the thigh. There is sweat along his forehead, and his curls are frizzy with brine thrown at him by the wind.
There is a red stallion standing over a dead man, smudges of black for hair and a line of red for his chest. The paintings are bright, untouched by the sun, so deep beneath Thisby.
John’s brisk, irritated pacing halts. John's mouth pinches, a dot of shadow on the dip over his upper lip. “Who?”
Sherlock sits up, ears ringing and on the defensive. With one pair of pants between the two of them, he can’t manage a good enough glare.
Far below, the water laps at the cliffs, already having overtaken his gravel hill.
No one comes to warn him or beg him not to race. Molly tries the latter, when Sherlock shows up at the bakery to talk to Archie and show him a new catalog from the mainland, one of the ones the boy always likes to look at, but there’s that look behind Molly’s eyes when she speaks, the look that means she knows that he can do what he is doing.
Races, Holmes. They're
“And believe me, Sherlock,” the dead eyes connect with his, “he will. One man can only tempt fate so many times. Sometimes,” he crushes the cigar’s end between his fingers, and tilts his head, “sometimes, fate snaps.”
Hope is close. He smells like fish, and it’s sickening. Sherlock feels too confined, and he feels as though he may fall backwards into the leaping bonfire, the same that throws unnerving shadows across him and Hope and the dark crowd, standing by, watching like a school of fish, waiting to be fed remains off the back of a boat. He’s cornered. He leans away, but Hope follows, edging ever closer.
The worst part is that John doesn’t notice. Sherlock doesn’t know why he would want John to see him, scared and weakened, but each time John’s witnessed Sherlock’s meltdowns, Sherlock has been left for the better - even after John told him to stay off the beaches. He had settled. He cannot settle now.
“There are no others,” John’s gives Gladstone a final approving pat, glancing to Sherlock over his shoulder. There’s a soft smile on his face, a truthful smile.
. His expression must convey this, because Lestrade shakes his head, lingering meaningfully in the doorway.
His whole being shifts when they retreat downstairs and step onto a sagging porch, surveying the backyard.
Sherlock answers dishonestly, “It depends.”
Everything about this figure is difficult to discern. The clothes are too big for him, or not his own, his hands, uncovered, and rough and strong, so a manual laborer, and Sherlock can’t tell whether he’s a fisherman or not because he can’t see these things up close, only from lengths away, in the dark.
John smiles. It lights him up, unfolding something tentative in Sherlock’s chest.
“And where do the Races factor in all of this? Surely you've money saved, from all these payments.”
“Right, well, I’m sure your girlfriend will never forgive me if I don’t make sure you get back home in one, unfrozen, piece.”
Sherlock doesn’t grace him with a response. John holds up his stopwatch and points out a man down on the beaches, asking, “How fast d’you think his horse is?” And it sounds like a challenge.
No, Johns shoulders are sloped lower than usual, as well, but the spectators watch on, seemingly unfazed. Evidently, none of them have ever owned a horse, because it’s obvious how uncomfortable and angry Gladstone is.
screaming and wailing. Strange, that they would be by the cliffs over here… No, it’s not. They must just be doing what Sherlock is; training. Only. Now that Redbeard’s under a saddle and much more than 150 yards away from shore, what Sherlock’s doing now is grounds for disqualification. Anyone who sees him will report it without fail. He needs to get down.
Finally, Redbeard, huffing irritated and gasping breaths through his nostrils, which contract and flare erratically, steps onto the hump of cliff grass that rests over the cliff edge, and pulls the rest of his body up. Sherlock whispers nothings and scratches and rubs the red horse’s neck and shoulders in praise.
All the images dissolve in black oil - the tables, the rifle on the wall (John had to show Sherlock how to use it - it was important), the lantern, the ocean and the grass - sinking down into the liquid until they've all been swallowed. He thinks he can see black teeth against white gums, shining fangs and pink baby bottles. Someone tells him he’ll go blind. A firing squad in pixelated camouflage all line up facing a backwards man against the bloodied brick.
Now, John is really grinning. “What’s his name?” He glances back to the shop, stepping to let a few tourists by on their way down the cobblestone walk.
He knows he smells like blood and the
, because John won’t.
Sherlock whirrs. For Lestrade’s benefit, he speaks very slowly. “Yes, there’s a cat. There’s cat
“You said you told him you were racing. You said you spoke with him about the racing odds. Sherlock--”
“This falls to me… I speak for the man that will not race!” Fletcher shouts, his hands up and gestured towards the black sky. The bonfire behind him tinges the edges of his corduroy trousers, waistcoat, and hair orange. It casts his face into shadow.
Sherlock mood shifts, and he forces the next item under scrutiny, a knitted basket, onto the counter, turning in offense. He flickers over the DI’s form in four seconds, all it takes for him to come up with the proper ammo to disarm Lestrade should he make another castle comment. It's not only the idea of being taunted, but profound discomfort that has wormed its way into Sherlock, skimming his scalp alight and curling his fingers involuntarily.
John stares at him.
His heart stutters, and he climbs briskly back onto Redbeard before he can properly think. Get away, get away, get
Sherlock’s heart squeezes in his chest, breaking ribs and pulling thick muscle. Something is wrong. Why has John taken him to this place? Why is he explaining these things to him?
“You’re going--” Moriarty slashes out with wild flail of his arm, fingers like claws trying to catch on Sherlock’s coat, “--to have to be more specific, darling!” He trills madly. Sherlock leans back, attempting to stay away from Moriarty’s clutches.
Sherlock hands over the coins. His stomach is an ocean of trouble. He shifts his feet on the worn floorboards. Janine turns around, the shifts of her dress glaring white around her hips as she steps up the stool and reaches to the board. At the space beneath
Sherlock collapses to John’s side, his knees hitting the firm sand by the water, splintering sharp pain up to his hips, and throws his arms around John, unable to wait and assess him for damage. John startles, unsteady and confused, letting himself be held before returning to circle and tighten back, clutching Sherlock as if his life depends on it. Sherlock’s certainly does.
Ah. He must be tired, not antsy like Sherlock. Sherlock hadn’t been paying much attention, too busy with the reports. He glances up, and Mrs Hudson has set dishes on the table.
An unexpected sob wretches itself from deep in Sherlock’s chest, and he covers his face with a hand shamefully. He’s the reason it all went wrong. It’s him. There were so many opportunities John could have taken Gladstone through the fray and across the finish line, and he wouldn’t do it, because he harbored this terrible, deep feeling for Sherlock. Sherlock forced his hand, and it all went wrong.
Why would he? He very nearly murdered John. Sherlock mumbles into John’s hair, “Not at all. It’s impressive.” And, if he’s honest, a bit arousing. The thought makes his face flush hot.
Sherlock stares at the blue-eyed man. Then glances at the bowler hat, then back to John. This is Watson? The man who was apparently bad-mouthing the mare has just calmed her? Of course! When the bowler hat said ‘
Gladstone and the white mare are fixed together, the mare risen up on her back legs, neck twisted like a renaissance sculpture - beautiful movement, full color, but completely immobile. Not even breath shifts her great rib cage. Because of her color, it is difficult to distinguish between her coat and the white chalk of the cliff faces beyond her, where she begins and the island ends.
“There’s a multitude of scratches around the side of the watch, and I couldn’t see because of the wristband, but I assume that’s where your brother would’ve used the key to turn the pocket watch when the time went wrong, but he couldn’t fit it in - his hands were shaking. Drunk. You’ve no need for the key because the watch is broken, water damage, no doubt, and the hands are forever stuck at seven-thirty-five. You still wear it. Sentiment. Further evidence it’s an heirloom.”
This is maddening. Moriarty is perfectly aware no physical proof of his involvement exists. Sherlock would be a madman to bring just his word to Lestrade. Anderson would have a field day. It’s like he’s walking circles around Sherlock, in his own brain.
Moriarty’s face falls dramatically, a stage performance. Whatever twisted game his mind is convincing him of, he and Sherlock are the lead players.
John even pulls out a kitchen chair with a scrape against the old floorboards and sits beside him. “Do you see anything?”
John tests the durability of his new bandage by clenching his hand in front of him. Sherlock narrows his eyes, just able to see the tendons jump between John’s fingers.
He’s determined to calm at least one of them down.
What’s the point of having Gladstone out?
he's not bloodthirsty like the
has never not listened to John. Not last night when he was screaming in the rain, either. The Races wind him up more than anything.
He has always been irked by that cat. It’s filthy. She should be kept in the barn where it belongs. Still, though they exist within the same spaces, they aren’t very close. Sherlock feels as though they both trust each other.
in which Sherlock emerges unscathed. She collects her empty teacup and rises, flitting to the sink. “Did you ever solve that murder? Right up your alley, that tourist poisoning. Oh, god, what was his name? Poor man.”
The beach begins to shake again - he grasps Gladstone’s mane hard for support, coming face to face with the enormous beast once again. He stares at the yellow teeth that can be seen just underneath a heavy lip.
He’s entirely surprised when John’s hand covers his. Warm. Smaller than his, a calloused mark on his knuckles. Sherlock blinks. And blinks. And blinks.
It isn’t difficult for Sherlock to follow - it seems easier to laugh when Watson’s already doing it. Redbeard shifts his weight, stagnant too long, and nickers, soft and quiet, like a mare to her foal, only Sherlock and Redbeard are neither one of those. Sherlock, letting his laughter dissolve into breathless giggles, pats Redbeard’s neck. It was nice of the horse to check up on him.
He cranks the lever to close the cracked window on his side. It’s freezing. The car growls angrily beneath them.
“I was starting to worry about you!”
Oh, that's why.
Sherlock furrows his brow, studying his train of thought with a touch of disgust. That was… appalling, frankly.
Sherlock hides his unease with a shrug. He shifts the length of his coat again, purposely giving a pause that suggests he doesn't care. “I suppose. If I see him.”
“Don’t
Their time is running out. Sherlock clicks open his magnifying lens, knees pressing hard into the shag carpet. He closes one eye and squints through the glass with the other, skimming around her waist. Nothing strikes him immediately, nothing stuck on the decorative bows on her heels, cinch of her skirt…
Mycroft                 I walk into the house slowly, Anthea guiding me up the front steps. My mood was decidedly dark, my shoulder aching, and overly tired. Once inside, I saw Greg standing in the living room waiting for me, and I tried to smile... I fear it may have been more of a snarl, though.
That is fine Anthea. You seem to have no trouble delivering things yourself.
Sherlock               Grumbling a little I stand with Rosie tight in my arms, glaring at the closed door and shuffling closer to see if I can overhear what's going on inside
Greg                      I slid my hand up his chest, stroking his skin as I watched his face. Watched his back arch, deciding it was genuine and not just forced. "Okay?" I asked when I'd gotten halfway into him and I stopped again where he was gripping onto my bicep.
Greg                      "Answer my question Sherlock. What the hell are you doing in Mycroft’s suite? How did you get in?" I ask angrily as I pick up my shirt and slip it on my shoulders, so I had something at least covering me.
Greg                      I did feel a lot better after using the treadmill and shower, my hair still a bit damp but I grinned from ear to ear when Rosie came running up to me. I put her on my hip, "When did you get here puddin'?" I asked.
Sherlock
John                      I feel him tense underneath me and I pull back to see him with his eyes screwed shut. “Oh god, Sherlock. I’m so sorry.” I sit up and away from him. “I’m just a little worked up... from everything.”
Mycroft                 "Greg... don't let my brother get you into any trouble, please. The paperwork here is even worse than in London," I smiled.
Mycroft                 I saw a shadow crosses eyes, and leaned up gently kiss him on the lips.  "Another nightmare?" I knew he'd been having them since the incident at the embassy, though he never actually told me about then. At least they were less frequent now
Sherlock               "I..." pausing, I watch his face, realising I've gone a little too far before murmuring, "Bit not good?"
Mycroft                 I looked at Sherlock, slightly panicked. "Surely, we can find a reasonable solution, Rosie."
Greg                      "He's another DI that works the night shifts." I said softly, knowing Sherlock wouldn't know who he was but I told him anyway.
And then John draws his legs up and twists on the sofa, the cushioned armrest must be hitting his back. He stretches his legs out and Sherlock wonders if he's getting kicked off rather than helped.
John shifts. Once he’s up, he’s up. “People said you were clever. And strange.”
Sherlock finally removes his hand from John’s grip, warm and clammy now, and pinches his brow and closes his eyes against an oncoming migraine attributed to all the noise around him. Perhaps he took too hard of a fall on the beach that night of the storm. “He puts it on himself, there's nothing to be had there.”
Bitterly, Anderson’s sea wish comes to mind. Sherlock’s name, streaked backwards in smudged charcoal, carried out to sea. Done out of malevolence and frustration. It has had no effect on him besides unsettling something in his gut, leaving him vulnerable to danger and emotion. But maybe that was the point of it. The Races are soon, however, and that could all change. How many riders have written John’s name on a sea wish and sent it away? Through the years, there must have been many.
John’s expression darkens. His brow twinges involuntarily, a vein twitching at his forehead, prominently gleaming in the street lights. Oh, he’s thinking now, and not pleased. “I’m happy to act a fool for you, Sherlock. But don’t think that I am one.”
Classy.
he thinks, rocking the lead rope when the white mare starts to pull astray. This reminds him of helping children onto the island ponies at Skarmouth fairs, leading Henry like this.
“I do, actually!” Lestrade shouts. Sherlock sniffs. Embarrassed by his outburst, since he’d obviously been expecting Sherlock to interrupt again, Lestrade sighs. His hands wring his cap. “We know--”
But it’s the truth. It wasn’t the white mare or another horse at the finish line.
“Or for me,” Sherlock says too quickly, leaning too hard, pulled by John’s messy gravity.
“But why,” Sherlock leans, “does he
in his stall, gently thudding his nose into the door as Sherlock steps inside the stable. Josephine hears the commotion and hooks her head around her door, chewing. She slips back inside when she figures Sherlock isn’t worth any excitement.
Now, he turns to regard Moriarty, who watches his men pour around the beach, one is searching for signs of
Imagining the piebald
John smiles a filthy smile, and Sherlock tries desperately to ignore the fluttering, desperate affection in his belly.
And just like that, anger shoves through Sherlock’s veins, crackling wildly like the Thisby winds, racing through his lungs and his heart. “Well, then the
Sherlock looks to his left.
One more after that. “Charles Augustus Magnussen,” Says a voice dripping in poison glaze, “Mary. By my blood…”
of the water lapping at the shore. The careful sounds of birds roosting in the cliffs above, soft shutters of wings against chips of chalk and feather.
Sherlock’s mouth flattens. John is sitting on his shoulder like a parrot, still utterly lost in his sham role of a magical knight, and here Sherlock is, half-fantasizing! Perhaps Sherlock really should have taped him under a jar in the flat while he was out. Screw the possibility of running out of oxygen.
“She’s the fastest thing on the island at the moment,” The bowler hat says, stepping back so Sherlock can look at her. A gold chain is worn around her nose, fed through her halter. Sherlock has to admit that she looks amazing, and absolutely giant. Sherlock doesn't like tipping his head back to look up at her, because it exposes her throat. The mare is eyeing a dog scurrying around the monger's feet, and her silence is deeply unsettling.
Across the river, a small, curly-haired boy with big cheeks plays with a dog in the shallows. Between John and them is fresh, clear water and low, crouching lengths of sand, with long strings of clumping grass and stones lining the banks. The dog, an iron spaniel, leaps and splashes river over the child’s rain boots.
Tension holds his shoulders stiff and high, like Redbeard. A line deepens between the side of his nose and his lip, an angry line. His left hand flexes at his thigh like it had this morning. He looks back at Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” John says one afternoon, stepping through the front door. He pauses on the sitting room rug, the wonderfully-adorable wrinkle present between his drawn brows. Shopping in one hand, scrutinizing a white envelope in the other. “I’ve got a letter for you from Skarmouth.”
John’s eyes widen. He's near enough in the dark that Sherlock can track a rivulet running between his brows. Slowly, John shakes his head.
Sand sweeps across his cheeks, and the cold numbs his hands, bites his gloves. He clenches down harder on the leather reins, grips the horn of the saddle for balance. Tries to orient himself. He could have run this race with only John; John, who he could have trusted. These are all men who would like nothing more than to thunder over his broken body in the waves, who wouldn’t mind if it meant their winning.
“Okay, okay,” John says, breathless. His dry hand comes down to touch Sherlock’s face, trailing it over his brow and into his hair, smearing sweat on sweat. Sherlock swallows, throat bobbing. John pulls his fingers from Sherlock, uses the same hand to stroke himself until his shoulders slope and shudder, which feels incredibly filthy.
the twisted ears as his wild hair. “Haven’t you ever wondered
“Then walk.”
“Ho, the beast’s come out of his castle!”
“You seem cheery, Sherlock! A good day of practicing? You didn’t go down to those beaches again, did you?”
It's the mare goddess. The woman, Adler, is in a bright red tunic and wearing the horse head on her shoulders, dwarfing her human body, and a whispy tail sweeps the ground behind her as she drops more pebbles. It’s impossible to tell in the dark whether or not it’s real horse hair, or frayed rope and string. She hands Fletcher a wooden bowl with a flourish. The bonfire pops behind them, sending sparks high into the dark.
But he gets it across the room, near the windows that face the street without too much noise or fuss but with a fair amount of sweat and exertion. Dust now floats around the room because of his stirrings of the unkept carpet, highlighted in the light pouring in from the streetlamps outside.
The horse and rider slow their trot as they come close. Gladstone’s head bobs.
His fingers itch to smooth his usual product through his curls, make himself more presentable. Out of principal, he neglects to do it.
John doesn’t naturally sleep on his side, Sherlock observes as John pulls the duvet out from under them and they settle next to each other on the pillow. Sherlock is slow to move his legs out of the way and John calls him lazy.
A shorter chapter from John’s POV to shake things up a little... back to Sherlock soon!
It and the dense white mist make it hard to see the corpse strewn out on the road.
“Don’t be angry,” John says sweetly, as if there aren’t a million things to be angry about. “Where are your colours?”
Sherlock clears his throat. “He must’ve known you would see these books. It was deliberate. There are two copies of
His collar flattens suddenly against his neck, and then something pulls on his hair. John’s hard metal boot hits his earlobe as the knight attempts to adjust to his new position on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“You’re right, I can’t get rid of you. I’d quit noticing things altogether if you went away. Stop it, you’re tickling my ear.”
“I know it’s hardly employment, what with how you all conduct yourselves, but--”
John furrows his brow, attention entirely on something not-case-related. “When did he say that?”
She fusses with the band on his arm. His cheeks warm, potently aware of John standing solid, watching her mother over Sherlock. She looks fitful, when at last she’s satisfied with the tie, saying something about it not coming loose so that she can keep an eye on him. “You be careful.”
“You've managed.”
“You know you don’t have to do this, Sherlock. I wouldn't turn you out.”
Sherlock scowls, and sits back down on the bale.
Two companions accompany Hope this time around, a seasoned racing pair, as if Hope knows that quarreling with John will end up in two bullets fired, and he's aiming to not have himself be one of the targets this time around. One of the men has only three fingers on one hand, his little and ring missing. Sherlock can see how the
The initial nudge of John’s finger against his hole is enough to make him keen. It’s alien, unfamiliar territory, and Sherlock’s breath comes in faster, drawing out of him in a long sigh when John sinks his index into him.
A grey
Moriarty is uncharacteristically quiet for a moment.
Tonight, however, he doesn't. It is, after all, where he's to sign up for the Races.
“They're the
Surprisingly, like the girl said, it does feel like meeting someone. It’s a very little someone, granted, but it’s a little figurine that’s going to stay here with Sherlock.
before.”
Murray’s
“What is it?” John asks as soon as the woman is gone. His voice is lower, but no less exasperated. “What couldn’t you say on the cliffs?” He is jumping right at the issue, as Sherlock would do. Sherlock cannot shake the feeling that something has been left unsaid between him and John. Why did John seem so unhappy with Sherlock’s explanation as to why Moriarty is interested in him? Could he have taken it the wrong way?
Even then, why would it matter to John that Sherlock loves this large part of him? His chest squeezes, like it did in the caves, a strange, hopeful array of shivers.
He hands off the shotgun to the yet unnamed man and stalks away towards the stables.
Centimeters from his nose, Gladstone’s mouth begins to creak shut, and his great round eye abruptly shifts its square pupil to regard him.
He scoffs.
“Oh? Holmes! Sherlock Holmes, what’re you doing in a place like this?”
John sets his hands on his hips. It’s difficult to tell what his expression is, without a more proportional way to look at him. He could get his magnifying glass from the banister, but then he’d look strange to John and for some inane reason this does not appeal.
He takes up Sherlock’s arm, pulling him outside of the church doors. Sherlock can feel the heat from his hand seeping through his coat, and he does his best not to melt, but the warmth spreads out anyways. Like a reaching strike of lightning, it covers his face in pink.
Lestrade regards Anderson, turning when he begins to speak, and then back to Sherlock. Unlike pesky, bad-haired, sea-wishing Anderson, Lestrade doesn’t take their partnership with any bad tone. He uses it like a good officer would, as a way to collect more evidence. “Was Watson with you? Did he get a good look at the man? Epona, it’s bad enough
and whispers to him. Sherlock is certain that no other racer could leave a
Oh John Watson. Ever the unreliable narrator.
“Certainly not,” John mutters to the sky.
Sherlock stares right back at him. The man’s fingers begin to curl into his palm, forming fists that are visibly shaking, even from here. Perhaps a normal person would glance away, up to the sky, and back down to John and Stamford. But Sherlock has abandoned those norms his entire life.
“He alluded to having a man on his side in the officer’s station. Among other things.”
“No, what? Wait, why? Why?”
“Sherlock.” His voice is rough, wrapped in razor wire. Concern over Sherlock’s silence. “You did it. You won.”
Sherlock swallows. His irritation wanes. “Then you know what I am worried for.”
“Look at her dress!” Sherlock shouts, disbelieving. When Sally gives him a strange look, one that says she both thinks him insane and annoying, Sherlock pushes his filthy gloves into one of his pockets, fixing her with a look that could kill. He hopes it does.
Sherlock pushes Redbeard’s nose away, and stuffs a foot into a stirrup, hauling himself expertly up and onto Redbeard’s back. Redbeard puffs, and Gladstone mimics it.
Mrs Hudson whirls on him, and for but a moment, Sherlock fears she’s going to throw something at him, because that’s the sort of look on her face. He leans back in the iron-backed chair.
