That didn’t mean that he wasn’t going to go home and have a furious wank while he thought about that towel, however. He was only human, after all.
However, Sherlock Holmes is a great big tit, and I truly can’t remember a time I’ve been so annoyed with him. He’s hardly spoken to me at all since that case, and that was nearly two weeks ago. Granted, he’s gone much longer without talking, but never with such purpose. He is physically avoiding me, going out of his way not to speak to me, and I’m fairly certain I know why.
John, caught off guard at that and taking longer than he would have liked to piece together what Jim was talking about, was horrified to let out a small squeak when Jim’s hand collided in a quick smack to his backside. He flushed, stammering syllables without words, and was all but pushed outside the door. He glowered at Jim, but it was without any real heat, and his lips twitched slightly at Jim’s smug expression. Before he could be further pushed away, he grabbed Jim’s shirt and pulled him in, crashing their lips together for one last kiss that certainly had more heat than any of the others that morning.
nearly had his tongue down this man’s throat, as he’d previously contemplated. The kiss hadn’t gotten too far, of course, but that hadn’t been because John wasn’t enjoying it. In fact, he’d been starting to enjoy it a little too much.
A middle-class family—wife, husband, teenage daughter—gone for the weekend comes home to find their house vandalised and burgled. Definitely didn’t seem like a case Sherlock would typically be interested in, unless there was something spectacular on the other pages. John flipped them up, glancing at the details. Random silverware, some jewellery, but the thing that was most missed was some sort of heirloom jewelled egg. He supposed that could be mildly interesting but…it was just a fancy egg. He seriously doubted Sherlock cared. He certainly didn’t see what was so…
It was hardly noticeable at first, he didn’t pay it much mind, but he soon began to realise that the more Sherlock lost his voice, the voice inside his head grew louder.
things and
Jim moved forward quickly to the bar top, making certain his expression held just the right amount of worry and self-deprecation. “Oh my god, John, I’m so sorry I’m late!” He wasn’t late. In fact, he was just on time. He touched John’s bicep, sliding his hand down to the crook of his elbow as he slid into the seat next to the other man. “I hope you weren’t waiting long.”
Sherlock’s eyes crinkled up into a smile of his own, and he stared down at John with such naked adoration.
, at any rate. And speaking to the family would give them both a greater idea of what was going on, so he supposed there was that. He glanced at his watch again, considering what time he’d have to leave to make it back in time for his shift at the clinic, hoping that it wouldn’t be right in the middle of a bloody chase through London again.
Pulling away slightly, John lingered close, this thumb gently caressing the corner of Jim’s mouth that was uninjured. “Call me,” he breathed. “As soon as you have a working phone again.”
Jesus.
, they whispered together.
Just…he’d never considered doing those sorts of things with
Sherlock was frozen in place as John slowly prowled forward, staring at him with wide unblinking eyes, as if disbelieving what he was seeing. The flush was brighter now, all encompassing, and John wondered if it had travelled down to his chest as well. He offered a small smile to the taller man, and slowly he reached out to press his hand against the other man’s chest, causing Sherlock to suck in a sharp breath. He imagined he could feel Sherlock’s heart trying to beat itself out of his ribcage.
Seeing as how John felt the same way, he found it a little hard to do as Jim asked, instead leaning in for another kiss and another after that once they parted. He suddenly had a better understanding of his sister’s and Sherlock’s addictions, since he was fairly certain he was quickly becoming addicted to Jim’s kisses. Or maybe it was Jim himself. It would have been troubling to John if he hadn’t been enjoying himself so damn much.
“Well, you did say you wanted to take me out to dinner, Dr Watson,” Jim smirked. “A boy could get used to such notions.”
- - - - - - - - - -
John huffed in mock exasperation, but he did allow Jim to put some distance between them. “Call me,” he simply said again.
Sherlock hated being stuck in hospital. It wasn’t his fault the case ended up with him in the bloody Thames in the dead of winter with a cracked rib and abdominal bruising. He could have easily seen to his injuries at home, even with the bad cold he’d seemed to have picked up from the freezing water he’d been submerged in the previous day, but Lestrade had rejected that idea immediately. The idiot.
“Sorry,” John rushed to say, turning away quickly for the excuse of looking for his phone. “Um, lost in thought, for a moment,” he mumbled. “Er, Sherlock might be missing me.”
When he pulled back from what he considered one of his perfected dominating kisses, he smirked at Jim’s own flushed appearance. “Call me,” he said again, this time accompanied by a wink of his own, and then he was shoving his hands in his pockets and heading for the street where he could flag down a cab.
PLEASE let this put Sherlock in a better mood! He’s been a pain to work with lately.
Sherlock roughly shook his head and snarled when John opened his mouth.
Real doctors.
They were empty now. Emptier than the words being spoken to him, pulling him away from blue…blue and red.
He was going to kill Lestrade. It was utterly humiliating being stuck here, treated like an infant. (He ignored, of course, how it was his own childish behaviour that really brought on said treatment.)
“Decent, huh? Well that won’t do for my reputation,” John teased.
**********
The most appealing thought, however, was the image of Sherlock, immobile and helpless, watching as Jim took his pet over and over again. Ungagged, then; Jim wanted Sherlock to hear John begging for it. Begging for
He did not know, however, that for the second time that day he had left a man contemplative, left him scowling, and left him wondering just what the hell was going on but resolute in finding out the answers to the mystery that was Dr John H. Watson.
Class is still cray, but I'm hoping to have SOME more free time to write. I am currently writing this story while also writing/publishing another story for a different fandom, and my plan is to leap frog chapter updates for both. Please continue to remain patient for me as I deal with my personal life and different stress factors, and I hope you continue to enjoy this story whenever I have time to update. Your kudos and comments keep me going, seriously. Thank you.
That thought alone had made John pull back before he could do much more than flick his tongue against Jim’s tender lips, which he was in hindsight grateful for. The pub was one he frequented after work sometimes, and the chances of being recognised were high, and he wasn’t quite certain he was ready for that yet. Even if a more primal part of him had wanted to do more than simply shove his tongue down Jim’s throat.
Though, Sherlock had never called it out quite like this before.
“I don’t know if something bad happened at work, but he took it out on me. Apologized right after, it was only one hit, and I had been having row with him, so I forgave him. But…then it started getting worse. Before I knew it, I was in too deep.” He shuddered, causing John to have to restrain himself from reaching out to comfort him.
Jim, for his part, let out a small laugh. “Honestly, I feel a little sorry for you!” he said in gentle tease. “That Sherlock bloke doesn’t seem like the easiest to get along with.” He shook his head. “It sounds like fun though. I wish I could go on such crazy adventures, but I’m just the IT bloke,” he added with a small, self-deprecating shrug. “I really enjoyed your writing, though,” he said shyly. “It’s so engaging to read, like talking to a friend. I hope you have more adventures, if only so that I can read more,”
For the second time that day, John (almost) spilled coffee on himself as Sherlock suddenly jumped up with an exclamation and proclaimed that they needed to leave. John rolled his eyes at his manic flatmate before tossing his mostly undrunk coffee away and grabbing his jacket to follow the impossible man out for another few hours of pointlessly running around London’s streets.
penis. Until Jim. Even then, it had been abstract thoughts at best, despite the porn he’d been watching lately. But it was just a penis. It’d feel the same, react the same, do the same sort of things that John’s did…he was pretty sure at least. Jesus. What did Jim’s even look like? Was he bigger? Was he smaller? Did his curve at the end? John was morbidly curious, but he also thought he might run screaming if Jim dropped the towel just then. Of course…the backside view hadn’t been too bad…
“The case can wait,” John said decisively. “I won’t be long. Just…just give me ten minutes or so.” John sighed, shaking his head, before turning and hurrying the rest of the way up the stair before Sherlock could say anything else or deduce anything else. It was really the last thing he needed that day. So, he’d dress, brush his teeth, run a comb through his hair, maybe shave, and then he’d follow the madman downstairs wherever the hell this latest crime had taken place. And that was that.
“I’m quite aware what you probably think of me, John, you don’t have to sugar-coat it,” Jim said, and though the words could have been said in anger, they were more resigned. “What sort of slag does it make me to try to put out before even the second date.” He covered his face with his hands, propping his elbows on his knees as he slouched forward. “I can call you a taxi, if you want to leave. And I won’t bother you anymore, if that’s what you want.”
The kissing was marvellous, however. How had he gone so long without a proper snog? And John was certainly good at it. Better than good. Sherlock had been embarrassed at his own attempts, had mentally berated himself for his fumbling and prepared himself for John’s laughter, but instead John had looked kind and patient and together they learned just what the other liked in terms of kissing.
“You normally don’t sit in my lap to do so,” John pointed out, but he obviously wasn’t complaining by the way he tightened his grip on Sherlock. Excellent.
Jim was in every way different from Sholto. He was only slightly taller than John, of a much slighter frame, and didn’t seem worried about projecting any emphasised masculinity. He was comfortable in himself, and seemed rather sweet in a more unselfconscious way, and John had to admit that he found that interesting. Captivating, even. He couldn’t imagine being so secure in that sexuality whilst simultaneously knowing that many in the world still looked down upon that lifestyle. It revealed a masculinity that didn’t need the approval of others.
“Jesus, Sherlock, careful,” John groaned, dragging in a deep breath.
Fall semester is starting soon, and I'm beginning training to work at the campus bookstore tomorrow morning, so I wanted to get out a quick chapter before my time no longer belongs to me. I hope you all enjoy it, and thank you for all the lovely comments you've been leaving. They've really been feeling me with so much joy and warm feelings. You guys are the best.
Oh, and we have reservations at Angelo’s in about two hours. I told him to bring us all the candles he has. He might be under the impression that I’m going to propose to you tonight, which I’m not, but hey there’s always next year.
John took the man’s proffered hand, the free one, noticing at the same time (and he didn’t know how he’d missed it before, though the Sherlock voice in his head had something to say about that) that the other man—Jim—was also lefthanded. “Nice to meet you, Jim.”
John didn’t do a very good job of it, he thought with an odd twist in his gut and the feeling like his lungs had frozen over. He dismissed the thought, however. He hadn’t the time to indulge in thoughts. He had to pick up the flat.
“Jesus, is it that late already?” Jim questioned, glancing at the digital clock on the wall. It was shortly after midnight now, and the alcohol of the beer working with the release of stress from the day (from the week, really), had John feeling a little light headed, and he doubted Jim was any different.
“I looked you up,” Jim said, ducking his head to look up through his lashes as though embarrassed. “After the first day. I…I found your blog.”
John grabbed him by the upper arm. “Sherlock, I told you we haven’t--”
“There we are.” She began a light and steady spanking all over his bum, narrating over the sound of her hand striking his skin. “If you’re going to have to be harsh with him, for example, use a paddle or a handy hairbrush, you’ll want to warm him up a bit beforehand. Unless you want him to carry bruises around for a few days as a reminder. Sometimes he prefers that, don’t you sweetie? But only as a treat. He wants to forget the punishment spankings as quickly as possible. He really does have a conscience, as much as he tries to hide it.” She gave him a light pat. “For bruises, start with the paddle right away. Have him bring it to you. He hates that too.”
Analysis later. This is a problem which has a solution. John has a full day at the clinic, meaning his estimated time of arrival at home is 5:30. Gareth has at least two cigarettes during his work day. I know he has to be in court by 4:00 this afternoon. This means I must reek of tobacco by 3:30 but find a secure waiting area for two hours. The usual spots are out. I cannot wait in the lab. Molly would be disappoint—WOULD GIVE ME AWAY. I do not CARE what Molly thinks. Very much. Diogenes Club as well; similar reasons. I cannot even walk the streets. It is quite possible that my previously loyal homeless network has been compromised by bribes in exchange for information on my personal habits.
He suppressed the urge to smile.  Sometimes his boyfriend could be so dramatic.  “And?”
“Ah, twinks, yes, uh, let’s see. Young, or able to pass for young, obviously gay men. Jailbait. Clean shaven. Thin. Generally hotter than average. Like you, actually…” He stared at Sherlock for a moment, then resumed. “What I mean is, Greg--his name is Greg!” He pointed to an index card over the desk on which he’d written “GREG” in red letters. “Greg probably thought of you because you could play the part.”
Irene pulled away. “Oh…” she said, breathlessly, with a quick wink at John, “I’m… I’m so sorry, we… we were….”
“Any interesting sights?”
“Mmm.” Sherlock held the back of his head in one hand and wrapped his other arm around his shoulders and held on tighter.
Lifting Sherlock’s feet off his lap, John rose. Sherlock whinged, but John shushed him, lowering his feet back gently to the sofa. “I’m just trying something else. Sit up a bit.” He took the cloth off Sherlock’s eyes, then put his hand on Sherlock’s back and pushed him up gently. Sherlock blinked a few times. The room was nice and dim, though, and he didn’t feel the spike of pain in his head that he’d been dreading.
I am shocked to see John waiting at the kerb. I realize that this is actually an improvement over the original plan. I use my surprise at seeing him to project guilt. Stuttering, I say, “John! What are you doing here?”
“Not much chance of that.”
When we get downstairs, he lights up and I breathe in as deeply as I can. It’s not as painful as it once was. I lean closer and fluff my hair to provide more surface area for the smoke to cling to.
He is more smug than ever. “Oh, spanking will work. Your punishment is no spanking for a month. And after that, you’ll have to earn every single one.”
John smiled down at him and kissed the top of his head. “Hush, you. Caffeine will improve your disposition as well as constrict your arteries. Two for the price of one.” He reached for the bowl and wrapped one of the ice cubes in a towel. “Next up is ice. More constriction.” He ran the wrapped cube across Sherlock’s forehead and temples, down his jaw and up and down the sides of his neck.
Sherlock sat at the table and typed out the response to Lestrade. He looked over at John and casually, he asked, “Uh, as an aside, are you familiar with the club? What is it, Inferno?”
When he is about to throw the butt to the ground, I snatch it from him and wave it close to my chest, along my collar and down my arms. Glenn continues with his insolence, saying, “I don’t wanna know.” As if I would tell him. We repeat the procedure later in the afternoon and at 3:30, I follow him out of the building.
“So don’t forget that.”  He stepped forward and took Sherlock’s face in his, then kissed him as deeply and as thoroughly as he could.
And John continued until the five were finished.
John smiled warmly at him. “Touche. There’s something to be said for both. But I apologize. That was uncalled for. Forgive me?”
“I’ve been managing so far, haven’t I?”
Eyes locked on each other, John made a lovely mess all over Sherlock’s belly and then kept his word about the rest of his promises. When he set him loose, John collapsed alongside and Sherlock curled up tight around him. John’s breath tickled Sherlock’s ear when he asked, “Maybe not such a terrible holiday after all?”
He glared at both of them and went to rummage in his suitcase.
“It will be fine. I expect to have it all wrapped up before anyone has a chance to look deeply enough at you to figure it out.”
He ran his hand over Sherlock’s bum again, then gave it a pinch. Sherlock hissed but didn’t move. John felt another nudge against his thigh. “Liked that, did you?” he murmured.
Sherlock reached into the pocket of his dressing gown and pulled out his Browning L9A1.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, I’d like that too.”
Idly, Irene said, “Of course you can, dear…John, whatever routine you settle on, try to be as consistent as possible. You know that he’ll take advantage of any weakness you show. I found the ‘broken record’ technique the most effective. Simply repeat the instruction no matter how he responds.”
I’m actually behaving myself. John, of course, thinks it’s the spankings. Laughable. I have scars on my back. I went to public school! If he’d threaten me with the cane, perhaps the memories would be intimidating, but a spanking? It’s the sad look on his face every time I break one of his bloody rules. It’s humiliating.
Sherlock held his hands up innocently and Irene pointed at herself and mouthed,
Sherlock snorted in derision. “It’s the same here. We need something to do. A new adventure, a proper one, involving... the people you’d expect to be involved.  I may die of boredom before anyone tries to kill me. Holiday, my arse. ”
This time John glared and Sherlock put on the innocent expression, which did not save his left nipple from a vindictive pinch. “Ow!”
Sherlock looked puzzled and tried to recover. “Is that really relevant right now, John?”
He tried to focus on the burbling sound of the kettle boiling and then the soft hiss of water poured into coffee grounds, but the pounding in his head drowned it all out after a while. He took a deep breath, let it out slowly. The back of his neck felt tight and hot.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open slightly and stared.
“Let’s hold all questions and conversation until the evening is over. It’s really too complicated to try and work it out now, okay? But we will be having a conversation.”
Irene was dressed in a sparkling sleeveless black dress that flared out slightly below the knees. A ruby pendant, that had to be worth a fortune, glimmered on the creamy skin revealed by the plunging neckline   John wondered if Mycroft had found that for her, and if so, if it was from the same place as his tuxedo.
“It was a particularly wide-flung network,” Sherlock muttered. “It’s not my fault that a few slipped through the cracks. Mycroft should have--”
“You need to leave,” the man said, his expression stern.
Sherlock replied, “It’s more the sensory deprivation and the surprise of it. He’s probably under orders to remain still. The candles are specially made just for this purpose. The wax melts at a lower temperature. It cools quite rapidly and peels off easily. I find that sensation quite...interesting, certainly less uncomfortable than a Brazilian wax.”
“Darling, don’t get pouty,” Irene said soothingly, “We all know you did your best.” She leaned towards John and raised an eyebrow. “Is he always this needy?” she asked under her breath.
“You promised you’d bin the maggots, Sherlock. I’m really quite disappointed.” That hurt look.
“Afraid? Me? How long have we been…colleagues now? Have you ever known me to be afraid of anything? As a matter of fact, I believe you, yourself, have said, what was it now, for a genius I’m too stupid to try to dodge a bullet? Afraid.“ He snorted and snatched the computer back. “I’ll email him right now.”
“John,” Sherlock moaned again, drawing the single word out into several syllables.
They kissed and touched, hands moving slowly, caressing and exploring in slow motion but not tentatively--just in admiration and awe. John turned Sherlock and guided him to sit on the bed. Sherlock resisted halfway down and looked at him questioningly but John nodded and pressed on his thighs to encourage him to sit. John stroked up and down his thighs and squeezed the long rangy muscles. He slid his hands around and under his arse. He kissed the tip of his cock and Sherlock’s head dropped back for a moment. He continued kissing up and down the length of him, gripping the round muscles tightly. When John opened his mouth and slowly dropped down, Sherlock looked at him and John met his eyes. He lowered his head further and Sherlock began to breathe with his mouth open. John continued to slide down until there was nowhere else to go. He began to bob rhythmically, tears gathering in his eyes, but not deterred. He kept up his motions, and the sound of his struggles not to gag almost sent Sherlock over the edge, but he pushed him off gently. “No,” he gasped, “not yet. Come up here. My turn.”
“No, not really. Britain, Sweden and Bolivia are out,” he husked.
The ice left chill tracks of melted water across his face and neck and he shivered as they evaporated. “Your carotid arteries are some of the largest in your body,” John continued, “and they’re much closer to the surface of your skin than the jugulars. Since they’re bringing blood to your brain, if we can shrink them a bit, it will help with the throbbing. Can you hear a rushing sound? That’s the blood flowing too freely."
“Try again, Sherlock.”
“Sorry, one more time, can you put the chip in again?” Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist and guided the card back into the machine. Chirping, and finally, it flashed its approval. John returned the card to his wallet and picked up the handle of Sherlock’s leash.
“Fine,” John snapped.  “Let’s go.”  They each grabbed as many bags as they could carry and followed the bellboy out of the room, Irene trailing behind them.
“Of course.” Tentatively, John reached down and delicately patted the curls, surprised at the silky texture. Sherlock stretched up, ensuring that the palm of John’s hand made solid contact.
“What?” His response was only seconds behind Sherlock’s.
“The Count’s study is on the second floor,” Sherlock murmured quietly in his ear. It was the first time he’d spoken since he’d given them the champagne. John exhaled and felt a little of the tension drop from his shoulders.
He groaned as shivers shimmied in waves up his spine. That felt so good. He couldn’t remember ever getting his feet massaged before. How had he managed to miss out on this? The throbbing in his head lessened.
In spite of all John’s efforts, Sherlock could still feel that sharp spike at his temple, waiting to drill down. To take his mind off of it, he listened to John move around the kitchen, deducing what he was doing. Filling the kettle with water… turning it on… now opening the cabinet for something… sounded like the French press… now he was going to the pantry… yes, making coffee, that was it. He heard the refrigerator—no, the freezer—door open and ice cubes clink into a bowl.
Sherlock spun him around by the shoulders and pressed him up against the door. He pressed his whole body up against him, knowing his cock would be grinding into his hip. He looked straight into his eyes and, his voice husky, said, “I don’t care who does what to who or who goes where. I need my hands on you and yours on me, before I start thinking I’ve imagined the whole thing.”
Sherlock groaned his agreement. “Yes, please, John, p-please.”
“Oh, god, not again.”
“Or I could…” He shuffled forward and took his erection and Sherlock’s in one sturdy fist and allowed them to rub against each other.
Sherlock pretended to be reading off the screen. “Some nights, apparently. Sometimes bisexual parties, most nights, events for gay men.”
A young man, no more than 19 years old, wearing a bellboy uniform, stumbled into the room.  “Sir!  Mr. Britain contacted us.  You’re in danger!”
From the sofa, John said. “Vaguely. BDSM, no?”
He took a deep breath and walked over to the man. What could he say that would support his cover and turn the man’s attention away from Irene?
“These are your trapezius muscles. They are frequently the locus of stress. This tightness,” he said, pressing firmly and eliciting another half-pained, half-pleasured sound from Sherlock, “is stored up tension. I’m going to try to break up the knot...right...” another groan, “...ah, there! ...by applying steady pressure…” He slid his thumbs around in circles and when the knot loosened, he moved on to the next.
“I can’t, I have to—”
“I was coming to warn you that the Count’s valet was heading up to the study.  Only I got there too late.  He was already there.”
“Hmmmm.”
Sherlock groaned at the thought of having to talk about his feelings. But he was too drowsy to argue. John and his endorphins had done their work… which reminded him of something. “What about you?” He tried to raise his head to look at John, but John gently tugged his head back down and wrapped his other arm around him. Sherlock snuggled in closer.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to meet his, then, full of fire, and he opened his mouth to retort--
Sherlock breathed rapidly for a few seconds. “You…you should…punish me. Sir.”
“You're hard on yourself, aren’t you?”
“Nope, not good enough.” He felt a gentle series of taps on his cheek. “Words. I need words, Sherlock. Are you good? You feel alright?”
Sherlock wriggled. “John,” he groaned.
The pleasure of the sensation finally overcame John’s hesitancy and he took himself in hand. Within seconds he was erect and moaning as Sherlock continued his enthusiastic explorations. His sounds changed and increased in volume to a crescendo. He stiffened and his orgasm painted the shower wall with thick white streaks that were quickly washed away by the cooling water. When John had finished his shuddering and stood upright, a bit unsteady, Sherlock turned him and gathered him into a hug.
“We don’t need room service.” John murmured, as he stroked his hands lightly over Sherlock’s thighs.
Mycroft heaved an impatient sigh. “Bolivia, this is not a secure line! And do you know how difficult it is to get you two out of the country nowadays? With your picture all over the newspapers? You may have to cut your hair! And you definitely have to do something about that blasted blog - it’s attracting too much attention!”
Back straight, shoulders square, fingers of one hand drumming restlessly on the table, John said, “No. He has not.”
“Alright then. Once he’s nicely pink all over, you can let loose with the hairbrush. Part of the effect comes from the sound itself.”
“Shh.” He took up the sponge again and added more body-wash. He repeated the process he’d used on his front, from his waist, down the backs of his thighs, to his ankles. He followed behind the sponge with his hand on the way back up and when he reached the tight muscles of John’s ass, he lingered, scratching, brushing lightly, squeezing and then separating his cheeks. John drew in a sharp breath and again, Sherlock said, “Shh.” He gently cleaned the puckered skin he had exposed and then allowed the flow of the shower to rinse away the body wash. When he finished, he drew his finger down the cleft, brushing delicately over the entrance, causing John to tighten his muscles and one more time, Sherlock said, “Shh.” He began to kiss his back and bottom, soothing him until he felt him relax again. He pulled his hips toward him and John rested his head on his crossed arms. Feeling he had been granted a great privilege, Sherlock kissed where he had touched and could feel John’s breathing speed up. Body-wash and the new and unique scent of John, filled his senses and pushed him to go further. When he pointed his tongue and touched it to that most private place, John twitched and began to pull away, but Sherlock held him steady with one hand on his hip. He continued his exploration, finally flattening his tongue and licking broadly, top to bottom.
He frowned at her. “I’ve never had a beard before.”
I remind myself not to lie. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I’ve got two more remedies to try and they involve relaxation and neurotransmitters.” He unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, pushing it back from his shoulders. “I’m going to use a little slick, which I just happen to have here…” Sherlock felt him dig for something in the pocket of his trousers, then heard him rubbing his hands together slowly, as if warming something. Then he dug his strong, surgeon’s thumbs into the coiled muscles of Sherlock’s shoulders. A deep rumbling groan rolled up from Sherlock’s chest, part agony and part relief.
Sherlock looked down with a sheepish grin.  “I do.  I did.  I just… when I saw her… when I saw your hands on her…”
The reminder stung and Sherlock searched for an appropriate rejoinder. “What’s that noise? Are you eating something? Are you eating cake? My very life might be at stake just speaking to you and you’re eating cake?”
“He should be making his entrance fairly soon.”
“Go!  Now!” Sherlock hissed in his ear.
Sherlock buried his face in his hands.
John swallowed. The flush on Sherlock’s cheeks was doing something to him, a twisting feeling deep in his belly, a hunger that skittered under his skin.
John was being terribly distracting, idly tracing circles around Sherlock’s left nipple, then lightly flicking the right one. Sherlock couldn’t help the muted whimper that escaped him.
He looked at Sherlock, then back at Irene.
Sherlock stared. “Dear god, I thought you were supposed to be the experienced one. Have you never been to a BDSM party?”
His head swam with sensation. Warm skin, even through the sequinned dress. Swell of hip leading to plush, round arse. Lush scent of vanilla and tropical flowers. Feather-light touch on his cheek and jaw, followed by the blunt scratch of enameled nails. Slick slide of lipstick. Gentle caress on his mouth, tip of a velvet tongue teasing at his lips. Her thighs snug against his, moist heat against his groin. He groaned and his hands slid involuntarily up her back, fingers tracing the soft curves.
“Yes, John, message received. You look the part as well. I must admit, I was concerned that you might have outgrown your uniform, but it looks…well, it still fits. And...suits...the situation perfectly.”
“Sherlock…”
“Shut up and just pass me the lube, you wanker.”
“Ha! Even less than the mad genius over there. But I’ll play. Quid pro quo. What do you want to know?”
He glanced around the spartan room. Not exactly set up to provide any privacy.
John begins by rubbing his hand over my cool skin and I shiver. I feel him lift his hand and when it drops, the shock of the sound outweighs the sting. He begins a barrage without rhythm or logic of any kind and I feel myself letting go of words and then thought itself. There is nothing but the feel of his hand and the sharp ache that penetrates straight through me to my cock. I start to move, to writhe, forward seeking stimulation in one direction and avoiding it in the other. The competing sensations of pain, excitement, shame, and pleasure, leave me in a hazy dream where I float, in perfect equilibrium, needing nothing but what John gives me.
It was all bollocks. Lestrade kept gushing. He had “just prevented the destruction of an entire chemical factory.” It was the word “entire” that screeched, like fingernails on the blackboard of his brain attic.
Sherlock, deflated, began to lay himself over John’s sturdy thighs, but Irene halted him.
John cut in, “Fine. It’s all fine. Can we move this along? We’re very busy enjoying our holiday.” He rolled his eyes. “In this godforsaken hellhole. I’d rather be in Afghanistan. Or Kazakhstan, to be honest.” Sherlock growled at him. Ignoring him, John stroked his fingers down the center of Sherlock’s chest, over his stomach, and down the faint line of fine dark hair to the base of his cock, which was flushed pink and hardening, rising to meet John’s hand.
John smiled up at Sherlock, and he didn’t know who moved first, but then they were kissing again, sweet, tender, and—
**********
Jim looked regretful, but hopeful. John had to admit to feeling the same way. Jim had looked more than a little hesitant, and John worried for a moment he’d really messed up, before Jim had shyly asked if he might text him later. John had, with a grin, enthusiastically agreed, uni twats be damned.
Until then, however, Jim had to play along and carefully orchestrate John until his hold on the doctor was complete. Even if that meant curling into an uncomfortable position on the end of the sofa where he and John were cuddling all night. He had managed to get John back to the sofa and remained close, and though he had attempted to convince John to join him in the more comfortable bed—innocently, of course—John had remained resolute to remain on the sofa. So there too remained Jim. They’d talked a bit more, even exchanged a couple innocent kisses that never turned to snogs, until finally John fell asleep with his arms around Jim while leaning back into the corner of the sofa. Jim, however, remained awake. Mostly. The warmth of John and the steady tempo of his heart so temptingly close and vulnerable had lulled Jim into more than one moment of dozing.
Despite knowing he shouldn’t, John paused, closing his eyes as he drew in a deep breath. After a slow count to five, John turned around. Jim was standing off to the side, clearly nervous, hands twisting in front of him. He glanced around him as though afraid his assailant would pop out from behind every shadow, or perhaps looking for witnesses against further assault. John huffed at that last bit.
“N-no, it’s my fault, I was the one with the coffee,” John denied.
Tired. He was tired. That was something. Did tired count as an emotion? It was all he felt currently. Just…tired.
Right. Perhaps the hospital wasn’t so bad after all.
When John finally joined him, he moved immediately into the man’s arms again, burrowing into his chest. John’s arms just as immediately wound around him, and Sherlock let out a contented sigh, placing his hand over John’s chest. He bit his lip, however, and peeked up at John. “John…I…what you said, before. It was…it was good. And you should know…what you said…I—”
He was still a little dazed by the whole thing when he pushed into the lab, spotting Sherlock bent over the microscope still, jotting down notes without even looking at the paper. His lips were pursed, however, and it seemed as though he very pointedly wasn’t looking at John, until he did, his gaze accusatory.
It was hardly a perfect first kiss. Sherlock was frozen against him, his lips chapped from his sickness, and it was a little awkward getting the angle right, but to John it
“Sherlock,” John said with a sigh of mild exasperation. “What is going on?” He didn’t protest or fight as Sherlock steered him to the table, however, which Sherlock counted as a victory. He quickly grabbed a hold of the other man’s hand when he moved to walk away, tugging lightly on him, looking up at him expectantly. “What is this?” he whispered.
John groaned, not certain he was prepared for a crisis about his sexuality this late in his life, but he was a soldier. He wasn’t going to run scared. So, with this thought in mind, he found the new contact and typed out a quick message before hitting send. There. Done. No harm done.
Even in his mind the words sounded soft.
“It also seemed like you only recently broke up with your ex,” Jim murmured, glancing at John before focusing on his pint.
“Right,” John had said a bit wryly, and Sherlock wondered how panicked his expression had been. “Asexual,” John had continued to say, as though reminding himself. He’d been quiet, pensive, attention focused inward, and Sherlock felt his gut in his throat. Because this was it, wasn’t it? John couldn’t be with someone who found sex—maybe not quite repulsive—but definitely completely unappealing. John would end this before it ever truly began.
“Christ, I should really be getting home,” John huffed with a small laugh several hours, two cups of tea, and a few beers later. It had probably been a mistake agreeing to stay for a second cuppa, and even worse to agree to switch the tea out for a beer, and then it only got worse from there. Jim had been hard to turn down, however, and there was still a part of John that was worried about the man if he left.
If Jim still wanted him, even after his freak-out, then John needed to deserve it. He needed to deserve Jim, and not hide behind fear of being found out to be queer or something. That term still made John squirm, made him feel like something dirty, but…if it meant he could be with Jim, then maybe a little dirt wasn’t such a bad thing. Maybe it was just what he needed.
Kissing Jim…it felt right. There was the slight stubble, the strong fingers in his hair, and the flat planes of Jim’s chest as they gravitated towards each other that was unlike anything John had experienced before, before this man currently in his arms. He could do this part with ease, and he dearly wanted to be able to do the other part as well. He just needed time.
John turned his thoughts back to the case lest his mind wander further again. He glanced at the different pictures taken of the crime scene, wondering if there would even be anything worth looking at by the time they got there. He supposed there would be for
John was, to put it quite simply, annoyed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not even bothering to hide it. He reached for his coffee, took a sip, and grimaced. “There’s no sugar in this,” he complained.
Oh god
“No!” John exclaimed, and suddenly his hands were on Sherlock’s hips again, firm, lifting Sherlock up and practically throwing him on the sofa next to him as he scrambled to his feet away from the sofa. He was breathing quickly, eyes wide and skin flushed, and he was staring at Sherlock as though he’s never seen him before. “What the hell, Sherlock!”
“Shit! Christ!” John exclaimed in a hiss as he shook out his burning hands. He blinked his eyes at the other voice who voiced a similar trail of thought and looked up at the man standing in front of him drenched in most of the hot spilled coffee. “Oh, Christ, I’m sorry,” he hurried to say, wincing as the man gingerly plucked at his white t-shirt that was now stained and clinging to his body.
“We are here,” Irene said, with a roll of her eyes, “because Count Sabatier supposedly has files on several of James Moriarty’s henchmen who evaded your dear boyfriend’s attempts to eradicate his network.”
Sherlock stared back. “I’d roll my eyes, but that would be a serious breach of discipline. You’d have to punish me. Although you may have to anyway. But no advantage in giving you reasons this early in the evening. I can always resort to bratting later.
“Sorry to barge in. May I address both of you?”
Sherlock opened his eyes and frowned. “I’m busy.”
John shrugged and Irene enthused. ‘Capital!” She turned her attention to Sherlock. “. “So. What are you being spanked for Sherlock?”
Once more Irene let blows fly. She looked at John and shook her head. “He knows better than that. Try again, young man.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked through the peephole in the door. All the tension drained out of him when he saw who was standing there.  “Oh, it’s
“Yes, but I’d prefer to do the speaking this evening, actually.” He tilted his head towards Sherlock. “Restrictions. Thank you for asking. I’d heard that I could expect proper protocol here and I’m happy to see it’s so. I’m John, this is my partner and sub.”
There was no need to get up promptly and John knew that Sherlock would be the weakest link under the conditions of forced inactivity, so he let him sleep. John puttered among the MRE’s and selected the meals he remembered as the most palatable from his days in Afghanistan, already worried about keeping Sherlock fed for the next three days. Irene declared it unsafe for him to work on his blog, something about triangulating, LBS, MAC address, but basically, he wasn’t allowed. She let him write up a few old cases on her laptop, but there wasn’t even any paper or pen for writing the old fashioned way. No books, no DVD player.
There was a moment of silence, during which Sherlock deduced that Mycroft might be beginning to realize what he and John were doing. The thought of the expression that that was putting on Mycroft’s face made him smile.
John snatched the phone up and yelled into it. “Oi!”
“Another cure for Doctor Watson then?”
“So… Bolivia, is it?”  John murmured, as he slid the ice in a circle around Sherlock’s nipple.  “I hear it’s a stunningly beautiful country.  Wonderful… peaks. Chilly. Irresistible, though. ”
When they got to Baker Street, the nausea had receded somewhat, but there was still pounding in his temples and the brightness of the streetlights made him squint in agony. John paid the fare and hustled him up the steps and in the door, one arm still around his shoulder. He guided him up the steps to the flat and stripped Sherlock’s coat off. In no time at all, Sherlock was lying on the couch, while John pulled the curtains and turned off the lights. “Close your eyes and relax,” he said. “I think I have a few more things that will help.”
,” he said. He slid the chain off, shot back the deadbolt, and opened the door.
Sherlock could not restrain himself this time and his eyes rolled despite himself. “Must you?”
“I’ve always been clean-shaven. I didn’t… ”
“For a spanking, I would have him leave his shirt on. It’s somehow more mortifying to have only your bum exposed. Wouldn’t you agree, Sherlock?”
Irene tapped her hand against her thigh invitingly. Sherlock didn’t move. She sighed and looked at John. “He’ll always try to stall,” she said. “I don’t know why--I’ve never changed my mind.”
“Let me guess,” he said, “horse?”
Sherlock exhaled, a wave of irritation washing over his face.  He let go of John and strode to the door.
“Well, that’s the point isn’t it? I’m transferring the reins of power to you, John. I want to make sure you can handle the responsibility.” The poking was very effective. John was indignant.
Irene lifted an eyebrow and John nodded decisively. He let five smacks fly and Sherlock gasped, more out of shock than pain. A look of great satisfaction came over John’s face and all the tension drained from his body. He smiled warmly at Irene and they shared a moment.
John bent down and quietly said, “Are you sure you’re all right?”
Irene Adler sauntered in, dressed in a backless red sheath dress with matching purse and pumps.  She had an ermine stole draped over one shoulder.
“You don’t have to. Go ahead. I--ah!”
Sherlock sipped his tea. “There has been a string of twelve credit card thefts. Well, not the cards themselves, but the data, and the commonality has turned out to be a night at the club. It took Glen’s morons an even longer time than usual to make the connection, because the thief is clever and the victims aren’t exactly forthcoming about their pastimes. As soon as he saw pictures of a few of the victims, he put it together. He says they were all, what was the term, ‘twinks’?” Feigning confusion, he looked up at John for clarification.
“Nothing. You have to do nothing. In half an hour you’re going to be sick and I’m your doctor. You’re going to lie down and I’m going to take care of you. So shut it and,” he chuckled at his self-contradiction, “open your mouth. And no smart remarks. ”
Warmth was the first sensation that came back to him, the warmth of John’s chest against his back and his arms - both of them - across Sherlock’s chest. John was trembling slightly, his face buried at the juncture of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder. “Jesus Christ, you’re so beautiful,” he felt John murmur against his skin.
“There’s so many of them!”
John popped off and said with a smile that Sherlock could only hear, “There, you see? That’s much more specific. Now I know exactly what you want.” He took Sherlock back into his mouth and dragged his tongue up the frenulum before devoting his entire focus to getting as much of him as far down his throat as he could. And when he reached bottom, he flattened his tongue for the ride back to the top.
The DI raised his eyebrows and looked pointedly at Sherlock. He was the one who had informed Mycroft when Sherlock’s dance with his demons had brought him to the edge of the cliff. Sherlock turned his back on John and glared back at Lestrade, mouthing,
“Mmmm,” Irene said, tousling Sherlock’s hair. “He does love a good spanking.”
Irene slid off his lap and presented her back to him. As he zipped up her dress, he shifted, trying to adjust himself discreetly. She motioned with her head at the man, then back at the desk. A glance showed him what she meant: her clutch was still sitting on top of the desk next to the laptop.
Sherlock stood a bit more slowly, took a deep breath and walked around to the end of the horse. He bent and did as John had asked him. He turned his head and laid his cheek against the smooth leather. It gave him a view of the floor again and he tried to focus on the men moving around authoritatively. His position was making it more difficult to concentrate than he thought it might. He startled slightly when John squeezed his shoulder. “Let me know when you’re ready to move on.”
I decide not to argue the point. Counterproductive to the end goal. “I’m not going to smoke firsthand. Just inhale yours.”
When he had settled and was spread out before him, John’s fingers hovered over Sherlock’s arse. The heat was already rising off his skin and made it irresistible. He lowered his hand slowly and as he touched him, Sherlock broke out in gooseflesh. John shook his head, trying to remember to be stern. He cleared his throat and said, “Let’s review. Why are you over my lap?”
In her soothing voice, Irene said, “But John, it’s the perfect opportunity for us to get to know one another a little better. I’ve only heard what Sherlock’s decided to tell me about you, and I’m sure there’s more to the story than just his side.”John eyed her suspiciously and she pouted. “There’s that look again. Don’t you trust me?”
“You got the files?” Sherlock asked as he guided the car down the long driveway and on to the main road.
It was John’s turn to snort. “Pot meet kettle?”
“Finally,” Mycroft growled. “Bolivia, this is Britain. I take it you’re still abroad on holiday?”
John hushed him and unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt. He opened his own trousers, and between the miles of debauched detective in front of him and the sexually charged fear that he would be caught in the act, baptized Sherlock’s naked chest in less than a minute. Except for a slurped finger’s worth for each of them, he cleaned up the remnants with tissue and had them tucked under the blankets before Irene stepped a naked foot out of the shower.
“What next?”
Sherlock snapped his mouth shut and began scanning the packages. As Irene started counting down from ten, he handed her the spaghetti packet.
“Young man,” Irene snapped,“none of us is in a particularly sparkly mood at the moment, so I’ll thank you to keep your whinging to yourself. My options may be limited here, but I assure you my imagination quite makes up for it.”
In return, he’d thoroughly mapped the room, and discovered two possible exits aside from the front door (the kitchen and a door that led out to the conservatory), as well as ascertained that the broad, sweeping staircase was the main way up to the second floor.  He’d also picked out three men that looked like security, although he couldn’t tell if they were the Count’s usual or had been hired specifically for the party.
Sherlock’s head dropped and he looked up at John from under his lashes. He could feel his cheeks flushing. “So you mean, if I’ve told him fifteen times not to rinse his razor in the same cup I use to rinse out my mouth, and he still does it, he’s ignoring me. It isn’t that he’s forgetting.”
John looked thoughtfully at Sherlock. “I don’t want to know, do I? About any of that.”
“Yes, yes, apologies,” Mycroft responded, with not nearly enough remorse in his voice for Sherlock’s liking. “It’s just made it damn near impossible to keep you out of the sights of people who’d like to have you removed - permanently!”
“It varies, honestly. Sometimes when he needs expiation, I just keep on until I feel him release the tension he’s been carrying around. Other times I have a preset number. But these are things you’ll figure out as you go. And sometimes he’ll tell you what he needs. Right now, I would be looking for a certain amount of acceptance on his part. You’ll feel him start to relax. Go on, I’ll watch.”
John put both of his hands on Sherlock’s thighs and rubbed his thumbs back and forth, not quite reaching his bollocks. Sherlock bit his lip and tried to stay still and quiet, but his pelvis had a mind of its own and mindlessly pursued contact that was out of reach. His composure shattered, he began to beg. “Please, John. Please.”
Sherlock hated that.
As you more than likely know by now, tumblr is currently engulfed in a trash fire. *eye roll* For those that might be following me on tumblr, I have no intention of abandoning ship, though I worry how it may be in future, so I recently made a fandom Twitter account. Username is the same, so you can find me at:
John’s heart fell to the floor while his stomach jumped into his throat. His inner voice…it was gone. Sherlock was gone. Sherlock—
Sherlock perked up at that, just as John knew he would, and he could help but fondly shake his head and let out another laugh. Reluctantly he put space between them, before indicating Sherlock to sit down while he fetched his med kit. It was exceedingly difficult to actually check Sherlock’s vitals, of course, since the man tried to kiss him every chance he got.
For years John told himself that all it was had been a professional admiration, but…but that was before John had a date with a man.
John didn’t visit the next day.
It accounted for a fair portion of their cases, his and Sherlock’s, actually. Crimes of passion indeed. One spouse finds their soulmate and it’s not their partner, an affair takes place, a discovery, a murder. It happened far too often, in varying degrees. He supposed that it was what the legend of Arthur, Guinevere, and Lancelot was based off of, but that didn’t make the matter of soulmates any easier or better understood.
John, paused in his walking, clumsily typed out a message of his own, the feeling of giddiness after a good date leaving him warm.
nice backside. Would such sex with a man be all that different from such sex with a woman? Certainly he knew the anatomical differences, and sure, a man’s body might be a little…firmer, but was it altogether different? He remembered the feeling of Jim beneath him last night, for a brief moment pictured this Jim with only the towel between them, until the memory of what was hidden beneath that towel came back to him.
Sherlock paused, frowned, looking down and moving his cup to see writing on the side of it. He mentally berated himself for not being more observant, until he actually read what was written. There was a phone number there, with the words:
Later. He’d tell Sherlock later.
“Excuse me?” the not-nurse said, standing at his full (which wasn’t much) height, hands crinkling the plastic surrounding the flowers for a moment before he consciously relaxed his grip.
There was no mistaking that voice, not even for a second, and John had thickly swallowed down everything he wasn’t quite sure he wanted to say.
A suddenly shrill beeping came from the kitchen area, causing John to wince once more as it pieced through his head, igniting the headache from drinking to excess that had been laying in wait. From the hallway leading to the bedroom, Jim’s muffled voice could be heard repeating, “Shit, shit, shit,” until the man in question came into view. Jim was dripping wet, clad only in a white towel hastily tied around his waist and held in place with one hand, restricting his speed as he moved quickly into the kitchen to turn off the announcement from his coffee maker of a finished brew.
Sherlock’s other brow met the first in his hairline, hair still damp with sweat, before both lowered again.
, the baritone voice had snarked.
“Packets are by the cup,” John said in mild sing-song, his own cup already how he liked it, and moved to sit at one of the stools until he was needed again. He tried to ignore Sherlock then, gaze looking down at the numbers on his palm. John was still in a sort of limbo about this whole thing, honestly. He’d never shown interest in a man before. Well…
Even though he didn’t say it, they both heard it. And John, judging by how his expression immediately softened, seemed to hear even more of what Sherlock wasn’t saying.
Of course, then the touches slowly became more lingering, the looks more charged, and then that glorious night they were racing back home in a mirror of their first adventure together, laughing in the vestibule, smiling, and before Sherlock knew it they were kissing.
John’s brow puckered slightly, his eyes going to where Lestrade’s hand rest on Sherlock’s, before his lips thinned and his expression lost the earnestness it’d previously been sporting and fell into an impassive professionality. Sherlock yanked his hand away from under Lestrade’s grip, which wasn’t entirely effective as the man was already releasing his hold to reach for the water set nearby and holding it out for Sherlock to drink from the offensively bright straw sticking out of it in hopes of soothing the younger man’s coughing.
John always had something to say as well, from a “maybe later” to a “not while I’m working,” which oddly enough just left Sherlock feeling even more flustered. Especially when it soon became obvious that John would sometimes stop by even when he wasn’t there to fiddle with Sherlock’s equipment, and even if they didn’t really talk much, Sherlock found that he was oddly looking forward to those brief moments when John would enter his room.
And, to be honest, getting dirty with Jim didn’t sound like such a bad idea after all.
John let out a soft grunt as the back of his legs hit the sofa and he tumbled down, but then Sherlock was right there, claiming John’s lips again as he crawled into the man’s lap, knees on either side of the man’s hips and hands settled at his shoulders.
Silence.
I also would like to specially thank Marina from Twitter who messaged me such wonderful encouragement and who helped jog my brain back into working. I honestly had no intention in finishing this chapter today, but I pulled it up to make a note and then I just couldn't stop writing. So thank you, Marina, for unintentionally sparking my mind to figure out how to finish the stupid scene which had been bothering me for ages.
And yeah, when they’d stood outside the pub, swaying with the breeze in their inebriation, John had wondered what it would be like to kiss a man. To pull the firm body of another male against him, feel the solidness of masculinity, feel the stubble as they brushed against each other…what would it be like? He’d swayed forward, curious, and he thought Jim might have swayed forward as well, eyes on his lips, but then a raucous bunch of uni twats had left the pub, hooting and hollering, and John had swiftly taken steps back. Even if he was curious, he didn’t think he could do that there, in public, where just anyone could see.
Jim let his own eyebrows go up then, and he glanced over John again as though in assessment. “Colour me intrigued,” he said with a helpless little laugh, glancing lower on John’s body. “I mean, I know you’ve got the swagger of a man with a…um,” Jim broke off, hurriedly turning to take a hasty gulp of his beer again, coughing slightly, while John’s ears flamed. “That is to say!” he hastened to add. “You’re comfortable with yourself! I mean. That’s…admirable.” A shy smile this time, and though John looked embarrassed, he relaxed further, and his shoulders took on a prouder air.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John breathed, wrapping his own arms around the man’s shoulders. They weren’t quaking, but Sherlock still felt on edge. “I love you, you idiot,” he whispered again. “I’m not going to leave just because we don’t have sex. Sex isn’t important. Only this is.”
Sherlock inhaled as though offended. “Fight me,” he tried to say, but the sudden intake of oxygen sent him into another coughing fit he couldn’t control, until the straw for his cup of water was placed at his lips again.
Sherlock pursed his lips, waiting.
He moved like a ghost through his own flat, picking up pictures and papers, putting things back where they belonged, before finally moving to clean up the cups of unfinished tea he always left around, knowing John or Mrs Hudson would take care of them later. They always did. He was theirs to care for. To watch over. To protect.
“Oh god, Sherlock,” John groaned, fingers flexing on the man’s arse. “Fuck…what are you doing?”
- - - - - - - - -
Sooooooo. Hello. I decided that I definitely wanted to turn this into a chaptered story, however updates will be slow in coming and on no real schedule, so it's going to be a surprise for everyone, even me. I'm sorry for people wanting more rapid and predictable updates, but life does not present me the luxury to focus on my fanfic writing as much as I would like. I hope no one's too disappointed, but that's just the things are. I will update as able, but there may be long stretches of time between them. Please be courteous and bear with me. Thank you.
He would have to come out when he’d only recently realised that he was
God, he was in over his head. A handful of meetings, a couple of kisses (no matter how hot and heavy one of them had been), and he was already calling it serious. Could he do that, though? Be in a serious relationship with another man? Christ, he couldn’t even handle the feel of another penis against him without freaking out, how could he be in a serious relationship?
The man, picking up the bouquet from the rubbish, froze. He turned his gaze from the brightly coloured petals to the injured man in the bed, and Sherlock could see a tick of the man’s jaw where he’d clenched it shut. Ah. Struck a nerve, apparently.
pouting. Not when that idiot Watson wasn’t even conscious to see such manipulation. No, Jim was not pouting in bed, the last residuals of ache having since faded—though they were not forgotten.
Alas, it was not to be—not yet. It was not the end of the world, however, he had to admit. John
Oh they definitely missed their reservation…
Sherlock froze, besides a sudden inhale of breath and a rapid blinking of his eyelids, that is. They had never, not once, exchanged those words before. Sherlock felt it, oh yes Sherlock felt it with every fibre of his being, but he’d never expect John to return those feelings for him of all people. It felt like his stomach was going to expel itself. “You…” Sherlock tried to start, but the words caught in his throat. He shuddered against John’s hold. “You love me?” he croaked.
Sherlock swallowed, and there was a flash of trepidation in his eyes before he shielded against it again, but John was too close not to have seen it.
The date went
John began, a little worried about Sherlock’s continued lack of response, but all thoughts were wiped from his mind when Sherlock’s hands came up and pulled John in again, crushing their lips together in a desperate kiss. John felt the worry inside him melt away, and he happily wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck at the eager kiss, letting Sherlock remain in control, opening himself up when he felt the sweep of Sherlock’s tongue.
Jim Moriarty isn’t stupid. He’s been watching Sherlock Holmes for a while, bidding his time, and then the idiotic John Watson had to come along and ruin everything. He’d seen the secret smiles, the lingering looks, the tender touches. No, there was every chance that this former army doctor would steal Sherlock right from under Jim’s nose. This could not,
Oh. The fiancée. Right.
and that John was well aware that his feelings weren’t reciprocated.
Sherlock’s next eyeroll was full of disgust.
, the voice said.
The next week a little bi flag was pinned safely next to his.
The next few days passed in much the same fashion, and though Sherlock’s bone and bruising slowly began healing, his cold seemed to linger on. His fever spiked during one night, but thankfully lowered itself by the next morning, but it left Sherlock on slightly stronger medicine to try to help relieve both it and his continued coughing fits, which only aggravated his injuries.
However, when John finally got the courage to ask Jim if he fancied a bite to eat, there was no response. In fact, when he nervously sent a second message some odd minutes later, he got an error message saying his text could not be delivered. Every message after that also failed to deliver, leaving John in a surly albeit worried mood.
“Consulting detective,” Sherlock corrected with a small annoyed frown. “And we don’t
I honestly can’t take it anymore. As you are aware, Sherlock and I recently had to pose as an engaged couple to track down a thief and would-be-murderer at a lovely little bed and breakfast (see: The Trojan Elephant) which led to some rather peculiar misadventures between the world’s only consulting detective and myself. I won’t bore you with a recounting of the case again, but let me remind you of that disastrous moment in the linen cupboard which led to Sherlock having to shove his tongue down my throat when the door suddenly opened to hide the fact that we were looking for a false wall and make it appear we’d snuck away to become amorous.
**********
He hadn’t made it even a half-block, however, before a quiet and wary voice softly called out, “John?”
, John snorted and smiled up at Sherlock, leaning in to softly press their lips together.
Sherlock’s lips spread into a grin.
Jim’s jaw trembled for a moment, before he drew in a shaky breath. “I, er…got jumped,” he said, but the way his eyes slid away from John’s told him that that was a lie. “I didn't even know that you worked here. It’s not a big deal…”
“Jim, no,” John said with feeling, and though it made his stomach quiver with unknown feeling, he moved to sit on the couch with Jim, though nowhere near as closely as they had been before. “It’s not…it’s not anything against you, I promise.”
After nearly two hours there, far longer than even I thought necessary, Sherlock exploded. Metaphorically of course. In a stream of babble, Sherlock explained exactly what had happened, who had done it, how they had done it, and gotten a confession as to why. Here are the particulars:
Jim seemed to relax slightly, and he brought his own glass and the bottle back with him to the sofa, John following easily. Settled back down together, Jim turned to better face John, one knee crooked on the sofa with his free arm on the back of the sofa between them. “So, John,” he began, a familiar tease entering his voice. “When were you going to take me to dinner?”
* * *
Mate, I could have told you you were bi by the second day of knowing you.
It didn’t take long before they were ensconced in a booth at the pub John sometimes frequented after a trying work shift, not even stopping to think about people recognizing him for more than a minute before focusing on Jim again, with drinks before the both of them.
“I’m going to go get coffee, you megalomaniac.” He shot Lestrade an apologetic look, the man looking strained under Sherlock’s onslaught but giving as good as he got, before heading out the door to where he could find at least a passable cuppa or coffee. Hell, he’d take some whiskey or a beer just then, too. Though, that was his usual thought when he’d been around a Sherlock in this sort of state for too long. He didn’t know what bee had gotten into Sherlock’s bonnet, but the man had been snappish and unerringly rude, even by Sherlock’s usual standards.
Sherlock was left adrift. He could have said that that’s not what people normally said. He could have made a joke about, seen how this doctor in nurse’s clothing reacted, but something lodged itself in Sherlock’s throat and he couldn’t get the words out. Instead, what came out was:
John hesitated only a moment longer before shaking his head and heading back towards the labs. His hand flexed, wanting to instinctively curl, but he kept his fingers out of his palm lest they smudge the ink. Just in case.
Jim flinched a little at that. “I-I know,” he quietly said. He hesitated further, however, seeming to draw his strength together before swallowing. “Robert.” He glanced up at John through his brow, his fingers twisting in his shirt before stilling. “The man who…hurt me. His name was Robert. He’s…he’s an ex-boyfriend.” Jim flushed, dropping his gaze again. “It wasn’t the first time,” he admittedly, barely loud enough to be heard.
And, okay, perhaps it did feel nice to put a label to it, to be able to say, ‘This! This, this, this! This is what I am! I’m not broken! I’m asexual!’
I didn’t need to know that.
John ran his hand disbelievingly over his face, before staring up at the ceiling and giving a mirthless chuckle. “Sherlock…you’re asexual,” he pointed out as if Sherlock could have possibly forgotten that. “Unless that’s changed…”
“Please?” Jim asked softly.
But this. Did he want this to go past more than one date? Was he hoping for more? Hoping Jim would ask him out again? Hoping to get off with Jim?
He supposed it should have been obvious. Only someone like The Woman could hope to ensnare someone like Sherlock Holmes. John had done his best to keep his jealousy in check, had to remind himself that just because Sherlock was his soulmate it didn’t mean that he owned him, and threw himself back into his old habit of focusing on women. He only admitted to himself in a whisper that a tiny portion of him had been a bit pleased he had thought she was dead. He hated himself for it too.
“No matter,” John said, perhaps a little gruffer than normal, before returning to Jim’s side with a bit of ointment. “It looks like we can avoid the stitches, but you’re going to want to be very careful with the injury for the next few days, if not longer,” he advised.
John sighed, not wanting to drop it at all, but he figured he could get the story out of Jim after he’d tended to the man. “The lip might need stitches. Are you injured anywhere else?”
Jim collapsed back on his bed with a small groan, towel finally slipping. John had looked fairly delectable that morning, with his hair slightly mussed from sleep, and obviously close to suffering from apoplexy judging by the way he was staring at Jim. It would have been only too easy to let go of the towel, or of leaning in for a kiss and pressing his damp body against John’s, only a few layers separating them…
he said with a slight tease at the reference.
He would never admit it, of course, but Donovan’s words did carry their punch. Not an extreme amount, but she was the hardly the first to label him as something untoward, not the first to condemn him for who he was. He had been alone most his life, and though he had John now who understood the fight against a heteronormative world where everything was in black and white, his virginity had always been a sore subject.
doctors,” and John had to refrain from showing her just how unprofessional he could be.
“Yeah,” Jim quietly agreed. “Rober—I mean, the mugger didn’t do it for long, but he left it pretty tender.”
A grin spread across Sherlock’s face before he could control it, forcing him to have to hesitate before opening the curtains around his bed where he’d changed. He looked at John, the scrubs sitting on him perhaps just as imposingly as his fatigues once had, and Sherlock’s eyes crinkled into a much more controlled smile. “Ah, John.”
Jim stood there, hunched over either in pain or embarrassment or both, holding a bloodstained tissue that had most likely been pressed against his bloody and bruised bottom lip. A nasty bruise also encircled one of his eyes and covered part of his jaw, and there was suspicious bruising at his neck in the shape of fingers. He was drastically pale and seemed incapable of meeting John’s eyes, after getting over his shock of seeing him.
John stared at the bed. This wasn’t his room. This wasn’t his room. He wasn’t certain when he got here, but he was here now. So he stared. The room was a mess. The police had been here too. He wouldn’t like the mess, John knew. He always kept his room pristine, unlike the rest of the flat.
John had heard the softer tones change, cracking, into the rumbling baritone he was now so familiar with. He hadn’t thought much of it at the time when he was younger, the fact that his voice was male, but then his sister had come out a gay and their father was less than pleased.
Of course, then they were on a mad dash after a cab, and standing in the entry way of the flats later, giggling and without his cane, John felt himself fall just a little more. He did end up using his gun after all, but not the way he originally intended. The smile Sherlock gave him later solidified something inside him. Something he couldn’t—or didn’t want to—explain. After all, being friends with this madman was worth any pain being silent caused him.
John ignored him, continuing his discussion with the now bewildered doctor who came to oversee how Sherlock was doing. Information parted, he glanced at Sherlock before giving the doctor a nod and leaving the room to give them privacy.
John cleared his throat, taking the drink carrier as Jim took his one coffee out of it, and felt suddenly a little awkward. He knew how he would have acted if it had been a woman looking at him like that, but he wasn’t even certain that he was reading things properly. And Jim was a man.
John was…indescribable. He was a contradiction of self, too many personalities wrapped up in soft jumpers with the hard line of a gun at his back, firm harms with gentle touches. He rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s deductions, but his lips curled into a smile. He was…something else entirely from everything that Sherlock had ever known. Was it really any wonder Sherlock had fallen as deeply as he had?
“I accept you, Sherlock, all of you. And I love all you. And I will always love all of you. Even when we’re old and grey and we’ve never had sex once, I will love you. All right?”
“It’s really late, John,” Jim said quietly after a few moments of quiet. He looked down at his own empty beer bottle in his hands to avoid looking up at John, fiddling with the paper label with his fingernails. “Maybe…that is, perhaps it would be better if you…stayed?” He chanced a glance up at John then, took in his alarmed expression, and quickly held up his hands with wide eyes, bottle dropping to the plush rug covered floor with a dull clank. “Just to sleep! I just meant that it’s really not wise to travel so late, and you can take off first thing in the morning. I have spare blankets and pillows, for the sofa,” he rapidly explained.
Grumbling to himself, John admittedly wasn’t paying much attention to where he was going and turned the corner apparently far too quickly, as the next thing he knew he was crashing into another person and the steaming coffee in his hands splashed all over the both of them.
If John wouldn’t take it because he didn’t want to rape Sherlock, however, then where would that leave them? How long until John left? Who would wish to stay with a repressed, frigid, selfish freak?
John’s eyes snapped open, his mouth working soundlessly, and then he sucked in a sharp breath when Sherlock’s hand slipped inside his trousers and cupped him through his pants.
During a shift at work, John receives an unexpected visit.
“That obvious, am I?” he asked in a tone that said he was used to being analysed. And this was where things would get interesting. It was obvious the former army doctor was intrigued by Sherlock’s ability of deduction and observation, but he was also clearly irritated by it on occasions too. Jim certainly had his own skills in that regard, though his was more in tune with the behaviour of people, and Jim knew he needed to tread a fine line of keeping Sherlock’s pet interested but not wary. After all, Jim from IT didn’t want to be another Sherlock Holmes. No, he had to be
John watched him go for a moment before sighing and shaking his head. Guess he didn’t really have a choice. He made his way to the bathroom, unbuttoning his shirt once he got inside to try to rinse off some of the mess from hiss shirt and vest before wiping down his pinkened skin. It wasn’t a serious burn or anything, and the other man definitely got the worst of it, but John did feel better once he was marginally cleaned up. He did feel bad about the other man, though, getting him new coffee while covered in John’s old ones. And he had been wearing fewer layers as well.
“Despite what our neighbours would have us believe, a flimsy piece paper with our signatures on it is not in any way, shape, or form indicative of the significance of our relationship,” Sherlock began bitingly, the hand that had been shaking as he poured the wine now steady as he moved back to take his seat. “The fabled permanence of marriage, we both know, is not so ironclad. While divorce rates are lowering with every passing year, that is only due to the fact that couples have been cohabitating for some time prior, and only marry for the benefits. Far too much effort for benefits we don’t even need.”
John certainly wasn’t homophobic with regards to literally anyone else, however he couldn’t deny that there was a sort of…internalised issue regarding his own preference. Though it wasn’t uncommon for soldiers to seek comfort from each other at times—hell, Romans and Spartans did that sort of thing all the time to form tighter bonds—there was still a lingering bias when it was seen as anything more. Despite Harry’s frequently crude comments when she was pissed off her tits, John never partook in any sort of circle jerking, though he supposed his reasoning for that went deeper than he’d ever allowed himself to accept before.
“Hey, no,” he said with a small frown. “You don’t need to apologize for that. I should be the one apologizing, for being so…abrupt with you, when I thought you had just been avoiding me.”
Over time, John began noticing the voice changing. He’d find himself giggling whenever the voice cracked, though he remembered all too well when his own had done that. Puberty then. The owner of the voice had to be a couple years younger than him.
His thumb gently caressed Sherlock’s sharp cheek, and the other man leaned into the touch as though without thought.
John swallowed, feeling a heat in his chest he wasn’t so certain was from the alcohol, though he wondered if it could explain how light his head felt. He nervously took another big swallow of his drink, leaning over to set the now empty glass aside, which consequently made Jim’s hand slid off his arm to land on his thigh. He drew in a deep breath, watching Jim’s fingers lightly caress the material on his legs, feeling it much more clearly through the thinner cotton material.
he tried desperately.
“Your end of the deal?” John snorted again. “Sherlock, we’re in a relationship, not a business transaction. There is no deal. You’re not obligated to have sex with me just because we’re together, whether we’re in love or not. I knew you were asexual when we got together. I knew what that meant. And I meant what I said. Kissing, hugging, cuddling…that’s all that I want from you Sherlock. I just want to be with you. To be able to say, ‘back off everyone, this delightful and arrogant arsehole of a consulting detective is my boyfriend, and I’m going to kiss him now.’” John grinned slightly at that, and leaned in quickly to peck Sherlock’s lips with his own.
And, much to John’s horror, Jim was apparently trying to get his attention while he was
The lack of interest, especially in uni when it was all anyone seemed to think about, had left Sherlock feeling as though something was broken inside of him. Something broken, something wrong, a chemical imbalance in his head, something and anything to prove that he was irrefutably damaged.
“Well, I certainly appreciate it,” John replied with his own small grin and tease. “If you ever feel like cooking for someone, you have my number.”
Even if you had a soulmate, that didn’t mean things always worked out. You didn’t always find them, and if you were the speaker you really couldn’t tell if you had once until your listener found you. If the listener died before finding the speaker, it only made sense for the speaker to assume they never had a soulmate to begin with. John didn’t know if that was easier or better than knowing you had a soulmate and never got a chance to meet them.
Judging by Lestrade’s fuming face, John considered the man was about to pop a blood vessel. John was considering who it was who needed rescuing, Lestrade about to suffer apoplexy or Sherlock who was most likely to be thrown in one of the nearby cells for annoyance of a police officer, when Sherlock glanced over at him. After a split second where John glanced at his watch again, Sherlock let out another small growl and swiped a case file off Lestrade’s desk seemingly at random.
Sherlock flushed bright red to the roots of his hair and John’s mouth fell open. Although Irene had just been telling him about what she and Sherlock got up to, he hadn’t prepared himself to actually see her in action.
Sherlock filled his palm with slick. “I’m healthy. And so are you.”
“I’ve been trying to tell you, Sherlock. There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact. We still have a lot to talk about. But first, please. Sit down and let me serve you dinner? Sir?”
“I heard that!” Sherlock snapped.
John just stared, expressionless.
“It’s all right. Irene was right. I like the reminder.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“Please!” the bellboy said.  “There isn’t much time!”
“Tsk, tsk, tsk, Pet, I believe that is, what did you call it? ‘A serious breach of discipline?’ Very disrespectful. And again, what happened to Sir? Now, that protocol I’m quite familiar with, Sherlock. Captain, remember? You’re not bratting already, are you? Doesn’t look like it’s going to be necessary. You’re sort of naturally naughty, aren’t you? I think you owe me an apology.”
His voice several octaves higher now, Sherlock whimpered, “That, that’s it. Oh, please, please, John, if you love me, if you’ve ever loved me, please, like that, just like that.”
John waited patiently.
“Let me see. And stop taking my laptop! You have your own!” It was true. He had gone without since the incident with the butane torch. John and Mrs Hudson had chipped in and gotten it for him, after her numerous complaints. She claimed that John’s laptop was source of their loudest and most frequent argument and suggested it as a gift and a possible solution. John had heartily agreed. However, they seemed to be exactly where they were before its arrival. “Why aren’t you using it?”
“Don’t tell me you’re a cuddler,” John said, combing his fingers through Sherlock’s sweaty curls.
“Because I was----”
“More and more every day. It’s horrifying. You can’t stop them spawning. Believe me, we’ve tried.”
Through gritted teeth, he said, “I’m being spanked because I was rude and threw a tantrum.
Sherlock nodded and, with another apprehensive glance at John, melted into the crowd.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “Under control. Just make sure your combat boots and medals are polished.”
He exhaled and put his arms over John’s, twining their fingers together. He’d have been content to lie there all night, but the air was cool against his exposed skin and things felt distinctly cold and sticky down around his groin. He tried to shift on to his side, but John stopped him.
Sherlock muttered under his breath. “We’re going to be here forever.”
“But, Sir--”
John turned in a circle, arms out. “All that racing across rooftops. Better than a gym membership.”
“Oh? You seem to be forgetting that time I met your erstwhile fiancee at Baker Street.”
“Give him an extra five for that, will you?”
He hesitated, then put the wallet away, putting on the air of the privileged. “Well, of course not. I was merely offering compensation for services provided. I’m glad to hear I can count on your… discretion.”
Sherlock looked mollified despite himself.
The other shoe followed suit, and then John tugged his socks off. The air was cool on his bare feet and he wiggled his toes a little. John’s hand, warm and firm, closed over the arch of his right foot. He gasped a little, and heard John chuckle. Then John’s thumb started massaging circles into the arch of his foot, gently at first, and then more strongly.
“Yes, Sir?”
“Right at the top of the stairs,” Sherlock told them, “then second door on the left.”
John looked between them in astonishment: Irene, in sprightly motion, and Sherlock, eyes wide like a deer in headlights, clearly hoping to disappear.
“Good, that’s really good, now one more thing, I want to come on you, Sherlock, want to see my come all over you, you beautiful thing, you, is that ok? And then I’ll lick it all up, yeah? And then I’ll kiss you so you can taste it too, is that all right? Can I, Sherlock, can I do that?”
“Open. Put it under your tongue.” He held the tablet to Sherlock’s mouth, but he turned away. He hated the taste of it and the way it made his muscles ache. It made him so tired and muddled.
There was a definite swelling below Sherlock’s waist, his cock having plumped up quite noticeably, thanks to John’s ministrations. Now that John had mentioned it, it was impossible for him to ignore, and he squirmed, trying to get comfortable. The pain in his head had receded significantly, although it still hung behind his eyes like thunder.
She gave him five sharp smacks on alternating cheeks. “He’ll do that too. Forget the predicament he’s already in and add to his tally, while he’s actually over your lap!”
“It’s not me I’m worried about, John. Sex doesn’t alarm me.”
His begging might have had no effect on the cold, hard, scientific mind of Doctor Watson, but Sherlock could tell that it was having the desired effect on John’s cock. When the timer rang John groaned and adjusted himself in his pants, then put his hand to his forehead and, reverting back to his scientist persona, dramatically bemoaned the fact that the results could not be considered valid due to the interference of previous stimulation.
“Yes, Sir.”
He moved silently to the door, cracking it open and looking out.  No sound, no indication that their exit had been seen. He glanced back at Irene, keeping one ear tuned.
“But I thought...at the club...you were..”
They arranged themselves so that John was on his back. Sherlock climbed up over him and reached into the night table drawer for a bottle of lube. “Do you trust me?”
John said, “Are you sure?”
John frowned at him. “With my life. You don’t know that by now?”
Sherlock turned back to him, eyes wide. “What? What did you say?”
“Yes, yes.” He waved his hand dismissively and gave a condensed explanation of the scheme, including his hiring recommendation. Then he began craning his neck, already looking for  a cab. John shrugged at Lestrade.
Sherlock snorted. “Not even under ideal conditions.”
“Will do.” John tugged lightly on a lock of his hair. “But maybe we can keep there from being so many next times. If we work on keeping you from beating yourself up so much. Don't think I've forgotten about it.”
“The pain. How’s the pain?”
I unbutton my coat and check for the odor level. Unmistakable. John leans towards me and sniffs. “Is that smoke?”
John gently took his elbow and turned him around. “Me too.” He looked down pointedly at his crotch and Sherlock saw a swelling there that matched his own. His eyes widened and he looked up quickly to see John looking back at him.
“Now, Sherlock, what would a true dom do? We’re obviously on ‘Buddha’s’ radar.” Sherlock could hear the contempt. “What is he expecting? Tell me. Do we need to maintain our cover?”
Sherlock frowned at him. “I’m not sure if I should be flattered or insulted.”
There was a sharp knock on the door.  Sherlock looked over at John, eyebrows raised in alarm.  “Are you…?”
“Well, good luck. With them. Obviously. Although, you might have better luck with some irregular people. My irregular people. I can give you a few numbers.”
messes,” he murmured, his breath warm and teasing on Sherlock’s erection.
John stared directly at Sherlock, who attempted to launch a defense. “John--” “Quiet.” John cut him off sharply, one hand clenching in annoyance. He took a deep breath and turned to Irene. “So how would you handle a punishment session like that?”
They made their way to John’s room, because they both knew it would be tidy and it was farther from Mrs Hudson, who would appreciate their thoughtfulness. They stood at the foot of the bed and undressed each other slowly and tenderly, as if for reassurance that whatever came later, the bond was secure. They were both hard, but there was no urgency in their movements.
The inside of the cab was dim and cool, and he felt the throb at the back of his neck lessen somewhat. John was still holding his wrist; his grip had loosened, but Sherlock could still feel the warmth of his hand.
Irene hurried over to the desk and opened the laptop sitting on top. “Watch the hall,” she said.
“We haven’t finished yet, Sherlock.”
Sherlock snorted.
Irene rolled her eyes again. “Of course. That’s why you made a move on your best man on your stag night.”
The kettle whistled and John went into the kitchen. “Well, I’m more than game. Been a long time since I’ve been to a sex club. Curious to see what the kinky kids are up to these days.” He came back into the room with two mugs and set them down on the table.
Sherlock snorted in derision. “Four inches is not much taller.”
“Excellent, Pet.” Sherlock watched John’s feet as he set the knapsack on the floor and then walked completely around the horse. When he returned to Sherlock’s side, he bent over and in a low voice said, “I told you we should have discussed this before we got to this point, but things have moved faster than I thought they would, Sherlock, so I’m going to ask you now. May I touch you on your back and shoulders?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest—Rosie was with Molly for the evening—but before he could say anything, John wrapped a hand around his wrist and hailed a cab.
“He can arrest the green banded Dungeon Masters and the Buddha.”
He glanced over at Irene, who was laughing at something a portly, white-whiskered man in military dress was saying, her hand sliding seductively up his arm. “We’ll still need a distraction to get up the stairs,” he said.  “Maybe we can set Irene on him—”
“Your seat.” Sherlock sat. “At the very least, I intend to hear a description of your...sessions?” He looked at Irene. She shrugged. “Let’s consider it a sharing of your background.” He licked his lips. Sherlock was transfixed. “And perhaps a demonstration. We have time.”
“What do you say we take a shower,” he continued, sliding his fingers over Sherlock’s gel-slicked head, “and get all that gunk out of your hair so I can run my fingers through it property?”
Sherlock rustled around in the bedclothes and came up with the tube. He passed it to John who mimicked Sherlock’s actions from earlier. He gently took hold of Sherlock’s swollen member with the lightest touch he could manage, provoking him into thrusting forward and increasing the friction in his ass and on John’s cock.
When he was fully seated, John stroked Sherlock’s thighs and gripped his hips, the strain visible on his face. Sherlock sat still, clenching and relaxing his muscles, closing his eyes and trying to process the sensations rippling through him. John waited him out and eventually Sherlock began rocking back and forth, tiny little movements that nonetheless sent shockwaves crackling up and down his spine. John grunted with the effort of staying motionless and was rewarded with a gradual increase in speed until Sherlock was using his thigh muscles to slide himself up and down in a definite rhythm that had John grinding his teeth and trying to hold on.
John quickly snapped his mouth shut, took in Becca’s own alarmed expression at his lack of professionalism, before striding forward and taking the paperwork from her. “Thank you, Becca, I’ll see to it that, uh…Mr Worth,” he said, glancing at the papers, “is taken care of.” He then all but shooed her from the room and shut the door on her, before she could proclaim any one of the rules that she might think about using if she knew who Jim was to him. Or…who he had been?
“Who did?” Sherlock asked once he felt like he could again without coughing all over himself.
* * * * * * * * * *
Well, the matter of the biological reproduction bit aside, that did rather fit Sherlock like one of his bespoke suits. He didn’t feel sexual feelings or desires, or as another definition termed it, sexual attraction. Even though he was in a relationship with John now, he wasn’t sexually attracted to the man. He acknowledged the man’s beauty, acknowledged he was indeed physically attractive and had a definite sexual energy over him, but Sherlock’s own sexual attraction to that simply did not exist.
Sherlock is a complete and utter arse.
“It’s fine,” Jim quietly said once he could, and only then seemed to realise that his hand had strayed to John’s knee. He hastily took it off. “Sorry,” he whispered, looking down as John moved away.
John blushed to himself as he wandered on his way home from the pub, thinking about how much flirting he’d actually done once he’d grown more comfortable of the idea of being on a date with a man. A very fit man. A very fit man who was, surprisingly enough, very interested in John.
“What happened next?” John quietly asked, sensing that Jim wouldn’t continue without some prodding. Indeed, Jim drew in a shuddering breath and seemed to have to rally himself again to speak.
“So you’ll stay tonight, then?” Jim whispered against John’s chest, and John felt a small wave of content settle over him, causing him to smile again, wrapping his own arms around Jim and holding him tight.
Hesitating, Sherlock stared down at John, before making himself smile and dropping a quick kiss to John’s upturned lips. “You always see to my needs, John. I thought I might return the favour for once. I told you I don’t see the point behind assigned days of celebration, however…I am not averse to the occasional display on other days.”
Please let me know if there are any typos or whatever. I wrote half this chapter months ago and the other half in a frenzied rush and it's almost 2:30 in the morning now and I can't catch my own errors yolo.
“You’re so romantic,” John said, fluttering his lashes. There was no antagonism to his words, however, only the briefest tease. He knew what he was getting into with Sherlock, or so he should by now.
Lestrade blinked and reared back slightly in confusion at the acidic glare sent his way by the younger man in the bed. “What?”
It wasn’t like Sherlock was his mother or anything, and he certainly wasn’t John’s wife; they were flatmates and nothing more. Friends, perhaps, if people like Sherlock even had friends. So what if he’d stayed the night out somewhere. So what if it was with a man…though John was hoping to leave that part out. It wasn’t like John owed Sherlock anything. Nothing at all, in fact.
So thank you again, each and every single one of you who have kept by this story and me and my unscheduled, random updates, and for all your words of encouragement and love that you've sent me. You're the best readers that a writer could ask for. <3 xxx
It was mundane things, really. All the things he couldn’t talk about with Sherlock, like his patients, what he’d eaten that day, or just whatever random thought burst into his head that moment. As well, there was no denying that many of the texts took on a distinctly flirty undertone, if not a blatant overtone. He wouldn’t deny that Jim’s attentions boosted his ego some. Wasn’t it a known thing that gay blokes had high standards? If one of them liked John, and a fit one at that, well then that had to say something complimentary about John himself, didn’t it?
He really had no idea why he was even still here, when it had been made clear that he wasn’t even needed, and yet John knew that it would be an empty flat and leftover chow mien if he left for home now, which he really wasn’t interested in at present. Sherlock also had the tendency to just leave without acknowledging John at all, or telling him where he was going, and he had no interest in trying to find a missing detective who was chasing after a serial bigamist apparently turned murderer in the dead of night all alone. Sherlock had a way of finding trouble, and he had no intention in letting the idiotic genius get hurt if he could help it.
Jim, eyes open now to stare fondly at John, nodded. He tentatively touched his lip before practicing closing his mouth partly. When he was satisfied it was dry enough to speak, he smiled. “Thank you. I will. I look greatly forward to that date. But I hope you aren’t leaving now. The tea should be ready now.”
As you might have noticed, the rating of this story has changed from Mature to Explicit to reflect future content I plan to include. You might just get a little taste of it with this chapter, too... ;)
He had spent hours pouring over the mechanics of sex between two men, had used John’s computer to watch the porn that his partner liked, lips thinning when he’d noticed how John was watching more and more plots with just two men, as opposed to the women he’d once preferred. It only made it more obvious about what John wanted. Right. He had to do it.
John had never expected it to get this far, had never expected the unfulfilled bond to eat away at Sherlock until there was nothing left, just this empty shell of a man curled up and given up on the sofa. The curly hair was limp and lifeless now, plastered in places to Sherlock’s skull with sweat, and the thin length of the man’s neck was pale as death.
But today had not been normal by any stretch of the imagination.
Not that it was easy. There were a few times he’s respond out loud to his thoughts thinking that it was actually Sherlock speaking to him, but thankfully it seemed like Sherlock really did ignore and delete things about soulmates because he never suspected. John had to stop the urges to say something, couldn’t risk it, couldn’t risk what they had. He could yearn in secret. And, maybe, he could allow himself to hope.
They never really talked about that. Especially not after Sherlock’s own fake suicide. He’d read it there, plain on John’s face that day at St Bart’s. It wasn’t just his limp he’d been determined to fix. He figured that was why his apparent suicide had been so hard on John. Stupid! He should have considered that before he jumped. John would know exactly what would have been going through his head, had he meant to truly fall.
Well then. John drew in a deep breath, heart still pounding in his chest, and slowly stepped forward again. Once, twice, covering the short distance between their two bodies.
“If you’re just trying to glue my mouth shut so I shut up…” Jim warned, though his dark eyes sparkled with humour.
“I think Mycroft will provide,” Sherlock said.
Unwilling to interrupt John’s rhythm and unable to move anything else, Sherlock tossed his head back and forth on the pillow and emitted a steady high-pitched drone. Most people would have found it annoying, but from prior experience Sherlock knew that John found it positively musical. It warmed his heart and motivated him to more strenuous efforts, which was exactly what Sherlock wanted.
“Did you take a pill? Of course not. You can’t wait so long, Sherlock, it reduces the effectiveness.” John rummaged in the countless pockets of Sherlock’s coat until he found the pillbox he’d stocked and stashed. It had been a long struggle to get Sherlock to agree to see a neurologist and experiment with medication. It had taken few hours to show him the research and explain that the mechanism had nothing to do with pain relief. It was only taken as needed with absolutely no chance of addiction. Still, Sherlock never took his recovery for granted and was leery of anything that might make him feel better; except for John and cases.
When they woke, the sun was setting and they were sticky and starving.
John read the email and then threw back his head and laughed. Sherlock watched his Adam’s apple bob up and down. “Sex club? Is that it? Are you afraid of going to a sex club? Not afraid of jumping across rooftops, but a little grab and tickle sends you skittering like a rabbit? Oh, come on, I dare you.”
John looked up from the paper, eyebrows furrowed. “Do we really need a plan for that? I assumed I would just…you know…boss you around.”
Sherlock tugged on the leash and when John leaned down, he said, “Put your hand on my head. You’re supposed to be my master. And...you know, my...” he whispered. “lover.”
“You did very well, Sherlock. I’m proud of you.”
They slid off the bed quickly; Sherlock went to the door while John pulled his SIG Sauer out of his duffle and took up a stance next to the window that enabled him to cover the room. “Where’s your…”
“Excellent. Let’s get a cab then.” He turned, confidently, chin up, and took a step towards the exit, when John grabbed his arm.
“Only when he’s in a particularly suspicious mood,” Sherlock replied. His voice sounded tinny through the receiver in John’s ear.
Irene slapped each cheek and enjoyed the jiggling of the rapidly reddening flesh. “Manners, Sherlock,” she whispered. “John, why don’t I send you a summary?”
of blades. John glanced up and saw the shadow of a helicopter, clearly descending on to the lawn in front of the castle.
But there is no explanation or remedy for it. I am yearning to be spread across the man’s ridiculously small lap with my arse bared, waiting for him to spank me. The anticipation is delicious. The sharp sound, the glorious sting, the growing heat, his tenderness afterwards…
Sherlock would have nodded but the pain was beginning to nauseate him, so he just hummed his assent.
“Oh, yes,” Irene said, smirking. “After our first few sessions, I made sure that he thoroughly understood what I considered to be unacceptable behavior.”
“It’s not exactly standard fare, Sherlock. And I can’t imagine that you’re so much more informed than I am.”
I can’t bear it. I cannot tolerate the thought that he might be upset with me. I don’t mind him getting cross. I can easily ignore the shouting. But let the man give me one mournful glance, and I’m vowing never to misbehave again.
John spoke into the mobile again. “Bolivia is unavailable. He’s…tied up.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I wouldn’t be able to see anything.”
John abandoned finesse in favor of driving Sherlock to an even higher frequency with his speed and pressure. He hummed in counterpoint and the sudden vibration around Sherlock’s cock was enough to set him spilling into John’s brilliant mouth. John hollowed his cheeks and sucked every drop out of him, until Sherlock started to twitch at the oversensitivity. He licked the last drop from Sherlock’s slit before quickly loosening the bindings holding him hostage, massaging wrists and ankles and rotating joints.
“Well, if you’re sure he says it’s all right…”
There must have been a reply, because John snapped, “Then why are you calling Sweden? You want to speak to Bolivia, call Bolivia!”
With all the patience of a trained soldier, John said, “Alright. Where?”
John placed the bag on the floor again and unzipped it just enough to draw out the crop. “Try it out. Apply some of the discipline you so seriously lack.” He pushed Sherlock down again, then bent over himself, his hand still in place. “First, tell me what you thought of him.”
“Greg!”
Sherlock mumbled into John’s neck. “Mmm. Cured. Skip right to this next time.”
“So far it appears to have been edible.”
“Not at all. I believe I’ll have very fond memories of wherever it is we are right now.”
“Yes?” he replied. “Tell me what you want, love.”
“This probably isn’t the position you want to be in right now,” he said softly.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just smiled and guided himself down slowly, stopping to adjust to John’s width. He sighed, and sank gradually, while John held still, as if he were afraid to disturb Sherlock’s concentration or break the moment in any way. He allowed Sherlock to control the movement and just watched as the expressions on his face changed: a flicker of pain, relaxation, pleasure.
Grant is somewhat startled to hear that I wish to complete paperwork, but I ignore him and work until his cigarette break. When I follow him down, he says, “What are you doing? If you think I’m giving you a cigarette your off your head. It’d kill him if you had a smoke after all this time. And then he’d kill me for letting you have one.”
One eyebrow lifted, Sherlock replied. “Don’t I always?”
Very thoughtfully, John replied, “Yes. Yes, he does.”
“You were clearly enjoying it.”
“Why, thank you,” Irene cooed, as she took two of the glasses off the tray and handed one to John.
“Well, supposedly, he’s a grown up,” John snapped, eyeing Sherlock. “If he doesn’t pick up, it means he can’t talk.” He poked Sherlock in the ribs. “I’m not his PA. Or his daddy.”
Sherlock waited and John returned shortly. “You were right. That’s what he’s here for. He asked me how I’d like you and I said facedown and shirtless, but we’d see how things progressed. Let me take that collar off.”
He gasped, squirming against his bonds.  A moan escaped his lips.  “Please, John,” he whinged.
“Mrs Hudson is going to complain about the hot water.”
John tilted his head to the side. “Now.”
John snorted and dragged a finger lightly up the side of Sherlock’s cock. He tried to squirm himself closer to John’s hand, but the silk scarves left him no slack.
“You—“
Sherlock sighed and capitulated, allowing John to walk him backwards, crab-like, to his mattress on the floor. Once there, John grabbed some of the plush towels and made a cushion for Sherlock’s sore bum. He settled on his heels between Sherlock’s legs and started unbuttoning his shirt.
“You do know that Irene was just giving us an alibi?”
Sherlock gasped, throwing his head back, back arched, long neck stretched out.
“I can’t hear you, Pet.”
He runs his fingers through my hair and I struggle to stay coherent. “Oh, it wasn’t. That was a reward. For not smoking. You see, the surveillance team alerted Mycroft that you were heading out on Greg’s cigarette break, and he sent me the footage. I observed. And I figured out what you were after. The punishment will come later.”
“Thank you. Now please, just try to relax. I’ll stop whenever you say so.” He continued his slow, methodical work, up and down his thighs, then calves, then lifting his feet to wash the bottoms. He rinsed, then relathered the sponge and looked up in a silent request for permission. John touched his cheek and nodded.
He sucked in a breath as she reached up and deftly unzipped her dress down to the base of her spine. Then she pulled his bowtie loose, unbuttoned the top two buttons of his dress shirt, grabbed his hands and placed them on either side of her hips, and fastened her lips to his as the door opened.
“Sherlock!” He looked around, eyes wide, but three of the DMs were chatting and none of the others were paying attention. “What are you doing? You’re going to blow our cover!”
“Now there’s a novel idea.”
Cranky now, Sherlock snapped at him. “Yes, please, hurry up already.”
John cupped his hand on the back of Sherlock’s head and said, “There’s a good lad.” They held each other’s gaze for a moment longer, then Sherlock turned back to scanning the floor as unobtrusively as he could. They continued on while John related the story of Andrew’s martyrdom and the legend of King Angus. Their next stop reminded John of the pommel horse that tortured him at school.
When I come back to myself, I am mystified. It was perfect. It was more than I ever thought... “That did not seem very much like a punishment, John.”
Sherlock snapped his fingers twice, the safe signal he used to pause John, who complied immediately. Perplexed and slightly horrified, Sherlock stuttered out, “Recruit… real people?”
“Sweden has been hanging around the usual locations,” he continued, his voice a bit unsteady, “offering his… decorative cutlery, at rock bottom prices and there hasn’t even been a nibble. I’m wondering if we wouldn’t have more luck with Kazakhstan. The country, not—never mind; you know.
Sherlock stood up so quickly, he knocked his chair over. Eyes wide, he looked like the situation had completely slipped his grip. “John, this is completely unnecessary. There’s a reason I haven’t felt the need for any, uh, let’s say, Irene type activities since you and I have begun our arrangement. This is completely unnecessary.”
The man glared at him, lip curled in distaste. “You can be sure that I have no intention of informing the Count of any of the unpleasant details of what went on here tonight, Lord Castamere. A bribe is not necessary.”
He groaned in utter humiliation. “Oh, god, please don’t make me--” He was interrupted by a sharp smack and he flinched.
“It does?”
“..but you are not the only person with a sexual history. Some of us prefer quality over quantity.”
“You did so well, I want this to be about you, for you,” he murmured. He kissed Sherlock deeply, running his fingers through his dark curls. Sherlock so rarely let him take control.
He was, quite literally, tied up. So far, just his wrists, with beautiful silk scarves that would leave beautiful pink marks on his pale skin. He tugged experimentally against his restraints. John had done a good job; he couldn’t move his wrists more than a quarter-inch. His legs were making up for it though, his feet braced against the mattress, his heels sliding up and down sporadically.
“Sentiment,” Sherlock drawled. “Never fails.”
He cupped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and kissed him again.  “I understand, I do.  I’d feel the same way if I came into a room and saw you in a beautiful woman’s arms.”
Sherlock snorted. “Surely you know by now that I’m more informed than you about everything.” He walked over to the printer and picked up several sheets. He tossed them onto the table and said, “Here. We’ll enact this dynamic. Just keep it simple! Speak to me as little as possible and whenever possible, into my ear. Most of the time you should be able to get by with pointing.” He began his pre-case impatient pacing.
He looks sceptical. “Is that allowed?”
“Appreciated,” Mycroft drawled in a tone that clearly said it was anything but. “Things have been ominously quiet here. There have been no calls for any kind of, shall we say, cutlery work and even my boldest offers of assistance have gone unanswered.”
