I still was wrapping my head around the fact that my shitty pancreas decided to clonk out on me. The pancreas makes insulin which is a hormone that breaks down and moves sugar (glucose) throughout the body. When that sugar isn't moving, it’s building up in my blood and urine and causing high blood sugar. That high blood sugar caused me to pee more than usual and explains the dehydration. Also, me peeing all this out and caused me to lose sugars wasn’t good. My weight was dropping because my body didn't have enough insulin and was eating away fat.
I remember when I met him for the first time at the hospital when I was four. I thought he was so small. It’s funny because we have a picture of me holding Sammy at the hospital, and dad had to help hold half of him because my arms were too little. Although... Sam was definitely a bigger baby than I had been. He also came two weeks late.
I ran out of the diner but it was too late. I only saw the red car as it drove away. I shouted at her to come back until my throat hurt.
She actually didn’t ask us a ton of questions after that. Don't know how she could have with all the food she was shoveling into her mouth. She ordered 2 pancakes, an omelet with salsa, both sausage and bacon, a fruit cup, and coffee. It was more food than Cas and I got combined and when we thought she was done, she ordered a cupcake too. It was fucking impressed. She ate everything too and got a muffin to go.
I didn’t lose all the weight I had wanted to, but I lost about 6 pounds which brought my total to 10 pounds lost. It only took four months of a mixture of fasting and the binge and purge eating.
It’s hard to see her and Michael’s faces in the few pictures that I had seen of them together, but the way that she would talk about him made it sound like she really liked him
I had this idea that he would come back and sweep me off my feet, but I never saw him again.
He just looked down at the table, then muttered no.
When we paused at the top, I gripped the bar tight again. I felt Cas grab my hand which actually helped me relax a bit. When I looked over, he was super close. We just looked at each other and I was about to make a joke, but something about the moment was so intense that I didn't. I got this weird feeling like I did when I kissed Cassie for the first time.
I also love how your sweet spot is behind your ear and how you like to be the little spoon after we have sex.
Anyway, I've been back to school for a couple of weeks now. Coming back the first day was a bitch. It would have been smart to go to sleep at a reasonable time, but I didn’t do that.
I shouldn't have told Cassie about my past eating disorder.
Found out that he was also in my art class. Guess I should have invited him to sit with me, but I was pretty tired. It was a few days later, I was walking to art class when I heard someone banging on their locker.
Do you know how weird it is to have your mom listening to you taking a crap?
Also, what’s great about this letter is that you won’t know I was snooping for a long time.
Lame. The museum wasn't even good.
After that, he started trying to change the subject by joking with me about my hair. Been letting my hair grow out recently. It started back in February, and then summer happened, and I just haven't gotten it cut again. Benny’s been calling me Rapunzel, but Cas likes it and that’s all that matters. Lately, he’s been running his hand through it.
He was actually the one who got to cut the cord.
Dean.
I was diagnosed with Bulimia Nervosa.
But since then, I’ve also gotten two type 1 buddies... Diabuddies? Twins Alicia and Max. We met while in math class. They noticed my insulin pump. They’re twins who have had type 1 since they were 7 years old. Alicia’s blood sugar was over 500 when she was diagnosed. She could’ve landed in a coma! Max’s showed up 2 years later. What’s even crazier, they met their biological dad after Alicia was diagnosed and he was also type 1 like them but wasn't diagnosed till he was 25.
Think he got them from when he watched 50 Shades of Grey with Meg. Not complaining, blindfolds are a nice addition. Something about not being able to see a thing made me feel everything else. Not sure. Could be some stupid thought but that blowjob was in my top 5 for sure.
I was in 6th grade and Mom had just gotten me new jeans. They were a little bit bigger than my usual size and loose, but I just decided to wear them the next morning anyway. I didn’t realize when I got dressed that I had forgotten to take off the sticky tag. I managed to go half the day with the tag still on my pants until Abbadon noticed the tag. She ripped it off and showed everyone at the table my size and began making fun. Which was pretty fucked up.
Well… if that made sense at all, that’s what I felt like at that moment.
The hike took about a couple of hours. I kept asking how much longer, and he got so annoyed that he stopped answering me after the 10th time.
I already had her number. We had a little something before Cassie and I started flirting.
Cas placed his hand on his cheek effectively silencing him. His brows were furrowed. “Dean. Don’t think of this as a goodbye. Think of this as- as a... I’ll see you later.”
Dear Future Me,
He does something like that every year so I should’ve expected him to pull this same shit. It’s like he has an aversion to getting Christmas gifts from me. Last year, the son of a bitch forgot he told both Tessa and me that he wanted these artsy pens. He ended up opening two packs on Christmas morning. This year he’s getting a pair of orange panties with angel wings on the ass. Something that I’ll enjoy too if you know what I’m saying.
Castiel told me that he used to play random trivia with his stepdad, Gabriel. That was the first time that I had heard of him having a stepdad, and it took me by surprise. He didn't go further on the subject so I didn't ask. I learned pretty early on that he sort of clammed up when we would ask him questions about his family.
I thought that I had hurt him for a bit, but I hadn't. In the 4 years I’d known him, I had never seen him cry.
A couple of days ago, there was this moment while Sammy and I were sitting up in the bunker. Sam was reading the Diabetes for Dummies book and I was playing with the necklace Sam had gotten for me and it suddenly hit me that I had to live with this thing forever. More so, that I had to deal with this forever. The nurses could have told me that as much as they wanted but I don’t think I understood the gravity of it.
Mom just slept and slept for a couple of weeks after that. Aunt Tessa had moved in when my dad started to get sick and had just stayed around. She ran the diner from miles away.
The first day back to school was an adjustment. It’s like I left school on Friday, and came back a whole new person. I felt like all these people were looking at me and knew that I was different. I asked Dad if I could skip, but he flat out said no. I think he was starting to get stir crazy from being out of work for that long.
I think we would have been better off if the other team didn't freeze Kevin a couple of times. I called Castiel a traitor, and he just gave me a grin and a shrug.
You want a salad or Vegan tofu shit? Your ass is on your own.
I told him that I was sorry, but I didn't know specifically what for. I ended up squeezing his hand because I'm an idiot.
Sucker never stood a chance.
Good times...
Now I make sure to check my blood sugar before I shower.
It’s your favorite brother.
Nobody fucks with Cas like that.
I refuse to eat those ever again.
I guess I just love everything about you. I love the way you sometimes kiss me with your eyes open. I thought it was creepy the first time I caught you doing it, but now I don't mind it.
While we were kissing, I told him that I loved him.
Starting off with the rough patch with Cas. It happened a couple of days after the haunted prom. We were at this other diner and after we ordered he got really mad and said that he hated it when I flirted with other people. Which I denied because I wasn't even flirting with the waiter. He wasn't even my type!
I went to help mainly because I was going to walk past him anyway, and I’m not that much of a douchebag.
Ever.
It wasn’t that I felt behind, I was able to work through a lot of school work at the hospital, but I had missed a lot of days being in the hospital.
You know when you open your eyes in the morning and it feels like they have sand in them? Yeah, that’s a sign that you should go back to sleep.
Sitting here with sore fingers and sore tongues makes it all worth it.
For our bachelor parties, we both went on separate weekend road trips to do different things and obviously party. Cas went to Colorado with Meg, Charlie, and Kevin. When Cas was talking about going hiking and painting, Meg was gagging in the background. When Cas called me one night, he, Kevin, and Charlie were so drunk I could barely understand what they were saying. It was awesome. Thank God Meg was there to liven things up or it would have been boring as hell. I got a ton of pictures of Kevin and Cas hiking so he got to still do what he wanted. He also got to paint while on this mountain too.
Pretty good, right?
And, I don't feel like cleaning up pieces of exploded Sam anytime soon.
He needed to finish the drawing today.
Nurse Mildred even gave me a hug after the ceremony and wished me luck and told me to visit her whenever I wanted. I gave her one of my pins that said “Sugar-free” on it. She said she was going to wear it on her lanyard when the next school year started.
It was hard to see Bela in that hospital bed again.
Well anyway, I tried a beignet for the first time. They’re like these little donuts, but better.
Dean.
Maybe I’m just Cassexual.
Or at least pretended that I was working.
Found out later that she had given him the wrong number…
We all chipped in and got him a new sketchbook, some pens, and pencils.
Douchbag.
Finally, he said he was going out for a drink.
We’re doing self-portraits and I’ll be the first one to admit that mine looks like shit. I only had the lines sort of done for mine. I looked over at Castiel's drawing, and I just stared at it. Castiel had already started putting in some shading. He was definitely way too good for this art class.
Cas got a job straight out of college and he liked it at first but started hating it like 6 months in. His boss Metatron sounded like an asshole.
He then told me that he wouldn't accept it back and the amount wouldn't ever be enough, but that he had been saving up a little each year.
Not saying I’ll be going to every hike Cas goes on, but I guess I appreciate them a little more.
You know what, I’m just gonna get to the point.
But the last couple of weeks have been good. The field trip was nice. It was fun going to the city.
Now I can finish my plate without thinking about throwing it back up or how many numbers it was going to add to the scale. I don’t feel guilty when I eat anymore either. Hell, I’ve even got a girlfriend.
Dear Future Me,
I carry her while Cas rides his skateboard with Daisy pulling him. I keep telling him that it’s not a good idea to let her have full control when he’s riding, but he won't listen. Stubborn bastard. Someday she’s going to see a squirrel that she can't resist and I’m going to laugh.
In my head, I added coward too.
We skip through the sex scenes for obvious reasons.
Anyway, the group chat goes through patches of slowing down but it’s still up.
He also never wakes up for his alarm. It goes like this: his alarm wakes me up and I wake Garth up. Usually by means of throwing a pillow at him. I’ve gotten so used to it that I can do it while I’m half asleep.
Side note, Benny and I got Charlie to go to the gym a couple of weeks ago.
The other day, Sam told me that I was awesome because I was doing the work of an organ. I laughed and told him to shut up only to stop the ache in my throat. I was justifiably in a weird mood, and Sam saying that gave me this little extra boost I didn't know I needed.
It’s like I have this insatiable thirst that suddenly hits me and I can’t get enough water. Sammy got kind of worried after I told him that and told me that I should tell Dad. Honestly, I’m sure it’s probably my body adjusting to everything but... I can admit that it’s still weird. I’m not sure if I want to tell Dad because I don’t think it’s serious yet. It’s just annoying.
So, back in November, Sam told me that they were going to be doing the Addams Family sometime in January.
I put the check in my pocket and told him I would think about it and he said the account would be there if I decided if I needed it for anything. When we parted ways, he told me that he’d like to see me again. I smiled but didn't say anything back. I could tell by the way he kept raising his arms and then dropping them that he was deciding if he should hug me. So I decided to go for a hug.
I was skeptical of the photographer, Jack, since he looked like a middle schooler, but he is one talented dude.
Senior year. Wow. Finally.
Good times.
After I took my insulin and ate, I went outside to meet Sam and Jo.
Yeah..... not my finest moment. He was actually pretty mad that I had eaten it in the first place. It didn't matter that I didn't know the brownie had pot in it and he still made me promise I wouldn't ever do it again. I didn’t think much about it at first, but I think it has to do with all he went through with his mom. Or maybe he was just worried about me. I’m not supposed to take too much of that stuff because then I won't be on my A-game, but I gotta say, it felt kinda good but kinda weird at the same time.
Sometimes I’d tell them a little bit about it, but mostly I just kind of gave them a nod or shrug. After that, I went back to work.
It’s the simple things.
After I was finished, everyone stared at me with beady eyes.
Dude, you leave those things in the most random places.
They're the best friends I have.
When you were 6, Bobby, you, and I made the tall Scooby Doo sandwich. It was so awesome that even your Mom couldn't be mad.
He glanced at his watch. 9 o'clock. Cas was usually up by around 7. The pain medication that he sometimes took, when it got too painful, always made him so sleepy.
Well, it took maybe a day and a half for me to absolutely fall in love with her. She chewed through two pairs of my house shoes when she was younger. Never chewed on any of Cas’ damn shoes…
Cassie was the only one out of the group that didn’t respond.
She walked into the music store close to closing time. That was enough to stun me, but then it got worse. Turns out she was picking up her daughters Alex and Claire.
Last week, I was running on the high side for a couple of days straight and finally, I thought, fuck it, I’m just gonna eat whatever I want.
Strike #1 Cas. Haven’t figured out what happens when he gets to strike #3 yet, but it’s gonna be well deserved.
Since the beginning, my wrestling team knew about it, and it just kind of spread from there. If anyone asked why I would always go to the nurse’s office, I usually just told them the truth.
I think the sadness got better once you started recovery but then it was, like, full-fledged when Mom died. Dad was putting too much energy into work to notice how you had trouble getting out of bed every morning before school for about a month. On the weekends you wouldn't even come out of your room. Or you’d go to the bunker for hours.
The ring fits perfectly.
And I kinda feel guilty about that part but, dude, it’s free laundry.
Dean takes note of how Cas’ toes began to curl. How his whimpers became more erratic. He felt as Cas’ grip became firmer in his hair.
I also love the fact that even though you say you don't read, the amount of books in your room has always told a different story.
Bobby got Sam and me this pretty cool Supernatural creature book. Don’t really read a lot, but it’s got some interesting creatures in it. Like the wendigo. It’s like this human that has been cursed because they’ve eaten human flesh.
We were laying in my bed and just talked after that. About prom, graduation, jobs. And I just wanted to tell him that I loved him, but then didn’t. I guess the last time I was about to tell a person I loved them, they broke up with me. Cas doesn't know about my past, but he knows I have type 1, and he hasn't backed out yet. And it’s been almost two years since I did anything eating disorder related. Well, there was that scale thing… but I don't consider that a relapse.
After that, we ended up sharing a pretzel. Cas had actually gotten a hotdog but he didn't like it too much so I gave him some of my soft pretzel. Which, that ended up fucking with my pre-bolus estimations and I had to get a second pretzel to make up for it.
My suspicion was correct because she also started to change over the following months. She’d do small things, like not brush her hair, or wear some… revealing outfits. It was as if she didn’t care anymore. She also had these bags under her eyes that she had never had before.
For my birthday Cas gave me something pretty awesome. He invited me over before lunch and said he had a surprise for me. I knew that he was a kinky little shit when he pulled out the blindfold and made me lay on his bed since his aunt was out of town.
This time it was some tendons in Cas’ left foot. From then on, he had trouble walking long distances because of the stiffness. Dean hadn't at all minded giving him piggyback rides, but he had wished it was because of different circumstances.
And that's when I panicked.
Wrestling has been going pretty well lately. I have to check my sugars more during tournaments and practices. I check my blood sugar an hour before my match, then 15 minutes before, then afterward. I also carry around a lot of snacks and juice packets.
Keep on being cool,
Having a low in the shower is not ideal. Got light headed the other day and was scared that I was gonna pass out and then Dad and Sam were gonna see me naked, so I got out with shampoo still in my hair. Ended up being a little on the low side. Wrapped a towel around myself, snuck downstairs, got a snack, then finished showering.
This guy, Victor Henricksen, was known for throwing big parties. He’s actually in one of my classes. He’s studying Mechanical engineering like me. This guy falls asleep in class every day and fucking gets straight A’s.
I got a job!!!! Finally!! but I'm already like finished with the story so you guys don't have to worry about me not finishing this ahah.
So back to that senior trip. So it took a little over an hour to get there. We sat in the middle of the bus. It was really a compromise since Kevin wanted to sit in the front but Benny wanted to sit in the back.
I thought I was gonna have to call the whole thing off because three days before Dad left for his business trip, I was admitted to the hospital with Diabetic Ketoacidosis.
I looked at them, raised my can, and just took another sip.
He let out a shutter as he ran his fingers over the goosebumps on his arms and pulled the window shut. It hadn't stopped snowing since he’d woken up and it hadn't shown any signs of slowing down either.
Not sure what car Sam's going to drive in a couple years since my dad only has his truck and now I have the Impala. He sure as hell isn't driving Baby.
A few nights after that, I decided to tell Cas about my past experiences with my eating disorder. He didn't look at me with pity or disgust like Cassie had and he didn't run away either. Instead, he asked me questions throughout and he never once said that he was “sorry.” He told me that even though he would never fully understand what all I had gone through, that he would always be there for me.
“That’s it, sweetheart,” Cas purrs. “Orgasm looks so damn good on you.”
Cas probably should have finished his confession. He should have told Dean why he didn’t want children. He should have explained his fears before he let him go. And he knows he needs to let him go. He can’t stand between his alpha - no, Dean- and the promise of his future children.
Dean wipes his eyes on the back of his hand and reluctantly re-shelves the book. Looking around at the thousands of books on this floor alone, he feels daunted. Finding another book that might possibly bring him back seems like an inconceivably difficult task. Dean is nothing if not tenacious.
Cas looks up then, Dean’s happiness is practically blinding in his sour mood. Dean’s eyes dart over his face, and he bumps his shoulder with his.
Dean’s face drops. “No, Cas. Neither of our dads gave a shit about us. We realized early on that our family was each other.”
Cas’s eyes open wide. “Fuck, really?”
Dean walks in, tall and proud, despite the entire council being witness to him being called a puppy, an infant, a fuck toy, and a wife. He expected some hazing, particularly here with the leadership, but honestly it’s no worse than what he received in prison. A year ago, he would be throwing fists at anyone who dared insinuate he was another man’s lover. It’s one of the many things he’s had to come to terms with since meeting Cas.
Dean smiles at him. “No way. That was incredible.”
The warning look he receives is quite sexy, commanding and expected to be obeyed. Hot damn. Dean is, at the very least, attracted to him.
Castiel escapes from the Grand Hall to the balcony overlooking the courtyard. He takes a cleansing, steadying breath. Sometimes he needs the crisp cold burn in the air that he can only find near the mountains. While he was in India, he missed this the most.
băiat dragă = darling boy
He puts a hand out, trying to keep Jimmy from getting any closer. “Don’t, please. I can’t handle touching you again.”
Castiel absorbs the sound of Dean’s amused chuckle like it is life-sustaining manna.
Cas looks over at him, his wide eyes confused and filled with insecurity.
“What’s happened?” he asks as he throws a coat on over his thin clothes.
“I thought you said we didn’t have time to play.”
“Sure. It will definitely give us something to think about.”
“Does it bother you that I want to go in there without you?”
Going back to work immediately, he plunges his tongue in deep, eating his ass like the finest delicacy. He lets spit build and spill over, soaking Dean inside and out, getting him sloppy.
“Get out of my way.”
The hysterical edge to his voice worries Dean. He wants to reassure Cas, but everything he thinks to say just sounds patronizing. He goes with trying to downplay it. “It’s not a big deal, Cas. It’s just a place.”
Dean nods his head. “What will be expected of me?”
“And you don’t think this is just reactionary because of what happened?”
“Is that what you think you’ve done?”
Dean shakes his head in denial, refusing to see the danger that he is in.
Dean snarls back, “I’ve had about enough of your brand of crazy, asshole. Put the box down and have a seat. Your ride will be here shortly.”
“Where’d you get that thing, anyway? I’ve never seen you wear it.”
Dean has the decency to blush, “Sorry,” he mumbles, not having anything else to add.
He firms his grip on Cas’ hand. “Don’t ever pull your dick out of me.”
Dean nods, “Yeah, and I don’t really know why. I don’t know how to do makeup or put on a wig or anything. Ruby wasn’t actually helpful.”
like Castiel was not already on the verge of passing out.
September 10
“You are,” Cas murmurs against Dean’s lips. He dips lower, kissing down Dean’s throat, finds the sweet spot that raises the hair at the nape of Dean’s neck.
Dean exits the restroom and checks that Cas is still at their table. He’s a little misplaced at an IHOP, but he’d been thrilled about the pancakes.
excuse either.”
The first time Dean comes to his room is a few days after their little, erm, awakening. I’m talking about the blowjob.
Cas rolls his eyes and sighs, “If we’re going to be together. Romantically.”
They both shake their heads.
“Yeah,” Benny says. “You know, show that we’re cool with you and Cas, and all. And that we’re an inclusive fraternity.”
“Hm,” Charlie says and is then quiet for a bit. “Dean, you should talk to Crowley about maybe working a little less hours. If you’re really stressed out.”
She grinned, “What if you didn’t have to meet someone new?”
Dean smiles because this is the third time they’ve run into each other and they’ve had an actual conversation and that means he can’t just ignore him. They’re… acquaintances… now. Dean has a porn star acquaintance.
“Okay. Thanks,” Dean said, “I’m gonna go throw water on him now or something.”
It continues like that first day for the next couple of weeks. Except for the fact that Dean picks Castiel up in the mornings. Dean talks at Cas for the duration of the drive most mornings. Reveals he’s useless without coffee and Cas starts bringing him some from the hotel in a tacky souvenir travel mug he buys in town.
Dean smiles at his antics, “Well, nice to meet ya, Cas.” He finally makes his exit, but not before noting the smile Cas’ notebook gets.
Dean’s watching Ash destroy Ketch from his seat on the floor. Cas is sitting on the couch behind him, a leg on each side of Dean, and fingers lazily kneading Dean’s shoulders.
“After your quizzes last week, I was thinking we start with conjugation. Your vocabulary is fine, the problem seems to lie with the grammar," Castiel said then, getting out his laptop and opening up to, no doubt, send an exercise sheet to the printer.
“Hm,” Dean says, mulling it over. “But that’s just Benny.”
Dean hasn’t dated since he started grad school. The reason is probably a mix between Dean having no time to spare to
It turns out that this is not just a date, but it’s a date that has
“Jesus, Charlie, can you not shout it to the world?”
“Nah, it’s on me- Ah, Cas!” Dean is interrupted by Cas pulling him towards him by the low neckline of his dress to kiss him.
An idiot with an attitude. From Florida. Great.
Cas shrugs. “A while.”
“Uh yeah!” Sam agrees.
“You stink,” is how Dean greets Sam who’s sweating through his sweatshirt.
“I’m joking. Kinda. I have gator jerky, if you want some. But this is just gumbo,” Dean gestures to the pot with a wooden spoon, “I made it earlier so it’d be ready for dinner, but then I missed dinner so…”
“And then when I’m watching you perform, I’d know you were wearing a plug, waiting for me to fill you up in its place,” his voice is breathy in Dean’s ear, and Dean bites his lower lip. Sometimes he thinks he could come just from hearing Cas talk. Hell, he has; that time Cas was away to visit his sister for the weekend.
Bobby stop in the drop off zone and they both get out. He hugs Dean, and slaps him hard on the shoulder to compensate.
Hopefully the length of the foreplay can make up for the three minutes the actual intercourse takes. Cas would be embarrassed, well he is embarrassed, but he’d be more embarrassed if Dean hadn’t painted the shower wall with his own release about 90 seconds into it, completely untouched.
“Besides,” Castiel continued, “It’s not like I get invited to tons of parties.”
Castiel should be worried about gross swamp bugs flying into his mouth, so he closes it. “S-so you’re coming back with me?” He asks, disbelieving. God, he hopes Dean isn’t pulling some joke.
“I know, sweetie. But not in the winter,” Dean jokes. But not really. Cas pinches Dean’s thigh lightly and finally sits up.
Dean closes his eyes on a curse. “God damnit. I promised them a week. That’s as long as I’m willing to stay away from work.”
Dean reluctantly slows his pace. Cas opens his eyes and smirks. “Decision made. I guess I’m fucking you.”
Dean withdraws his hand, anguish in his eyes. “You don’t…you don’t want me?”
“Cas.”
She turns to her husband and sighs. “It’s so romantic, Mikhail.”
When he passes by the table again, he does a double take. “Holy shit. That’s it.”
“Your scent in the morning when you’re all sleepy, the way you laugh at my stupid jokes just to humor me, your snarky assholery.”
Dean falls, spins, and tumbles into a world of sensory overload. Everything is too bright, too loud, too much. His stomach pitches and rolls with nausea. He’s cold and clammy, his lungs are burning, and he isn’t sure where he is.
“You’ve never believed in redemption, Dean.” Cas interrupts with blue fire in his eyes. This is an old argument that he is ready to put to rest for good.
Castiel’s wicked grin slides up. “I didn’t really need to call them by name, Michael. ‘Yes, suck me, and don’t stop’ seemed to be sufficient.”
Again, Cas lets him assert himself, tips his head back out of the way. Dean takes it for the declaration that it is. There’s no way that Cas would let anyone else have access to his vulnerable places like this.
I hope you can forgive me.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut while higher, breathy sounds escape his slack mouth. “Yes, yes. I’m coming. Cas.”
Finally, Castiel comprehends. Dean has never seen his wings before. He has seen the shadow of his flight feathers, but never seen the wings themselves. Moving closer, slowly, Castiel puts a hand on his shoulder.
“Made glorious summer by this son of York...”
“I woke up on the floor of the locker room. I was zip-tied to a pole.”
Chapter title from "Making the Nature Scene" by Sonic Youth
Dean lays him down on their bed and takes his place next to him.
With only a few boxes to unpack and integrate into Dean’s belongings, it hardly looks like Cas has moved in. His toothbrush sits next to Dean’s in the cup by the sink, but he still doesn’t know which light switches operate any of the lights. He doesn’t know where Dean keeps anything in the kitchen, but he’s hardly a cook, so it’s not like it matters.
“I use that title as a sign of respect for any man in any normal situation. It’s not personal enough. For me, this type of play is so appealing because I want to feel possessed and owned, but not by just anyone. You’re the only one I’ve ever considered wanting this with.”
Fed up with obstacles in his way, he rips the top open, effectively shredding the flimsy cardboard. He digs through the books until one strikes him.
Dean scrubs a hand down his face. “I’m a skeptic. I would probably think it was just a phase.”
“Are you gonna come on my cock, baby?”
“No, please. I want you now, Cas.” Dean leans in to take his mouth, and Cas can’t remember why he would ever want to walk all the way back to their house. His hands go to Dean’s waist, gritty, sticky sand and all. Feeling the shirt under his hands, Cas grunts his disapproval and rips the offending fabric until it’s out of his way.
Dean pushes back against his fingers, breathless and needy. “What are you waiting for?”
He hears the door open, but doesn’t look up, assuming that whoever it is will announce themselves if they need his attention. All of the brothers and their many advisors have access to the rooms, so it isn’t uncommon enough to raise concern. The metal snick of a blade being unsheathed, though, is quite alarming. Cas stiffens instantly.
“Come, Dean. Let’s eat.”
Castiel speaks quietly, eyes still downcast. It is a foreign look on the prince, one that makes Dean bristle with unease. “I am sorry. I did not mean to let you get hurt.”
“Yes, actually. Have a seat, Castiel.”
After a long, decadent dinner, there is music and dancing. Of course, there is also excessive drinking, but Dean is not partaking this evening.
“Yes, Master.”
“You should take a studio class here. I think you’d really enjoy it,” she encourages.
“When we are playing, you will address me with a title of respect. You will not refer to me by name, understood?”
They go to the door and enter the code on the lock box to access their keys. Inside is fresh and clean, fully renovated into a cozy loft. The living area is nice, but climbing up a ladder to get to the bedroom leaves both of them giddy.
“When I smell how content and satisfied he is after reveling in our bond, I won’t be able to help myself.”
For the rest of their meal, they only have eyes for each other. With each little nibble of food, Dean teases Cas with his curling tongue and nipping teeth. Cas teases back, much to Dean’s delight. He rubs honey along Dean’s lips, watching intently as he licks them clean, and then does it again. By the time his stomach is content, Dean is full of his own heat and desire. He wants to get away from this location, wants to be back in their private room, but they can’t leave quite yet.
Dean’s fingers coast along the lines of the Madonna and child, spreading the fuzzy tingle along the skin of his chest. “I don’t understand the religious imagery. Why the Madonna?”
“Nice, Cas.”
“Cas?”
John flashes a toothy grin. “If given the choice between money and having a judge owe you a favor, always pick the favor. That’s priceless.”
Thank you for reading. I love feedback. Comments are lovely...
Dean leans his head against the bars separating them and Cas immediately puts a soothing hand against his cheek. His eyes are roaming over every bruised and cut inch of his face. As he takes in the damage, his chin quivers and his eyes tear up. “What did they do to you, my beloved?”
“So, don’t screw it up.”
While Dean processes his statement, Cas grips his cock, crushed between their bodies, and slides it down the crevice of Dean’s ass. Rubbing the head over Dean’s hole, he asks, “Are you amenable to that, Dean?”
For his own part, Cas looks just as shocked. He hides it quickly, though. A smug grin quickly covers, “Hey there, Bambi.”
“No, it’s smart. Let’s go.”
“Once.”
Dean meets the mob
When he leans in to kiss Dean’s cheek, he is abruptly shoved away. Shock is on both of their faces. Dean didn’t mean to react so harshly, but he panicked. “I-I’m sorry, Castiel. I’m not comfortable with showing affection in public.”
Dean chuckles. “Now that I know you’re you, you’re going to have to qualify statements like those a little better, yeah?”
ingerul meu = my angel
He has to change the angle a little to fit in beneath Dean’s cock. The fit is tight, even with Dean still fairly soft. It’s still another cock in the tiny hole that normally clenches around him hard enough to steal his breath. As Cas uses his fingers to help make room for himself in the cramped space, Dean’s eyes are squeezed tight and he’s panting harshly.
“Hop up for a second, Cas.”
*****
But if the connection isn’t physical, how could he smell, taste, and touch so vividly? How could he feel so much?
Cutting through the alleyway three buildings down takes time, but he uses it to try to contact Gabe and Cole. He texts with extremely explicit direction to contact him no matter what.
Cas’s eyes are blazing, his heart pounding. Dean is handing him everything. He wants to believe it, but is afraid to hope. If Dean changes his mind, it will kill him.
“I got your favorite from that Japanese restaurant over here.” Cas tries to twitch a smile into place, but it falls flat.
Cas rubs his hands up and down Dean’s thighs, soothing him back into his constant, but under control, state of arousal.
Castiel’s friend returns to the other side of the bed with a fresh orange pull-over. Castiel gingerly lifts the ruined one over his head and replaces it. Dean barely has a chance to glimpse the ink covering the hard lines of muscle before it is hidden again. He stands, looming over Dean now on the rolling stool. Dean stands as well, needing to level the playing field.
Dean looks up, up into his eyes. The power imbalance between them is only maintained because they want it to be. Dean revels in giving control to Cas, and Cas revels in providing what Dean needs.
Dean chuckles and finally meets Cas’s eyes. “No, this is what won me a scholarship at BU and what I almost did professionally.”
Cas is interrupted by an explosion of movement below him. Dean sits up, grabs him roughly by the waist and hauls their bodies together. There are a million points of contact and hardly enough space for air to pass between them. Dean devours his lips, and in doing so, shares Cas’s come with him. They both groan at the feel of it, still warm, but cooler than the infernos of their mouths.
Dean beams at him brightly. “Sure, Cas. We’ll make sure they have a pool, too.”
Of course, Cas is stretched out on the couch in his office, sketching his latest commissioned piece while Mr. Winchester works on his defense, but every time he’s tried to be more involved, his lawyer couldn’t be bothered to explain what he is doing or what his motivations are. So, Cas gave up and opened his sketchbook.
“No, go ahead. I’m already overwhelmed.” Jimmy sits back, hands braced on the edge of the table.
“You should already know that. It’s weird that we’ve never been here together.”
“I would charge no less than $20,000 and call it a first patron discount.”
Dean uses languid strokes, grinding deep into Cas when he pushes in. He moans every time, sometimes they form around words and sometimes not. “Cas, you are so beautiful. I can’t believe how good you feel. Absolute bliss. This is heaven.”
Cas holds his gaze tenderly while his hand moves with stealth over to Dean’s chest. At the first light touch of a fingertip to the soft cotton-covered nipple, Dean hisses and jerks back into the mattress. Widened eyes accuse Cas of making his body betray him. The same finger rubs around the nipple that is pebbling up under the attention. When Dean doesn’t show any signs of discomfort, Cas continues the gentle attention.
“You sucked on my nipples for an hour yesterday and now they are so fucking sore I can’t think straight.”
He simply grins and agrees, “Yes, he is a work of art, isn’t he?”
He doesn’t want to see the look on Sam’s face when he realizes that Dean has lost his connection to reality. He doesn’t want to see the pity, the fear, and the pain. He comes up with the most reasonable sounding part of the incident.
“So what happened?”
“Can you bring me some clothes and a couple of books?”
After a lackluster Thanksgiving meal at the diner with his roommates last week, Cas had received a heart-warming text message from Mary. She lamented the fact that he wasn’t at their table celebrating with his family. She went on to wish him all the best during the holidays, and prayed that it would be the last time that Cas would spend this time of year without them.
“I want to, Cas. Let me.”
Dean is tired of the mood roller coaster. No matter how out of sorts Cas is, it shouldn’t all land on his shoulders. Rubbing a weary hand over his eyes, he mutters, “So what did I do wrong now?”
The older hunter grunts his understanding and Sam waits patiently as he hears the flipping of pages on the other side.
Dean gives a fond smile. He can imagine the little hellcat Cas would have been at the age of sixteen.
A huffy laugh bursts out of him. “Uh, not at all. One of my foster dads forced us to make the Christmas and Easter tour. That’s about it. Why?”
He leaps to correct the thoughts, “No, Dean. There’s no one else. It’s nothing like that. Never. I would never-”
Dean smiles then. “Cas, surely you can see that I’m invested. Do you know how hard I’ve had to work to come back to you? I’ve spent days digging through thousands of books just on the chance that I’d get to see you again. Tell me, please?”
Cas continues his quiet approach while the parasite latched on to Dean gets bolder. When Dean doesn’t bat his hand away from his crotch, red flags go off in his brain. Something isn’t right here. There’s no way Dean would allow that. Together they might be leaning heavily on an exhibitionist kink that Dean probably didn’t even know he had, but Cas would never consider trying to get him off on a dance floor surrounded by strangers.  His concerns are vindicated when Dean tries to turn around. His normal grace is gone. He staggers to the side and sways like a puppet with a drunk puppeteer. Shit.
“I need you to go back, Dean. It isn’t safe for you here.”
“Yeah…” Sam is mesmerized by him, cataloging his features quickly and filing them away. As soon as he’s done, he turns to Dean with pity in his eyes.
Cas is about to drop to his knees when he hears talking coming from around the corner. They need to stop touching or they will never make it to a bed. He looks at Dean, slouching into the wall at the shoulders, disheveled with kiss-swollen lips. How can he possibly resist this gorgeous creature for that long? Maybe just one more kiss.
Cas leans in slowly, licks across his bottom lip and into his mouth. Dean can’t contain the soft moan at feeling Cas plunder his mouth. His entire body yields immediately, giving Cas free rein to take whatever he wants.
“Wai, wai, wai,” Dean holds onto the railing so that he doesn’t fall over when he turns his head. “Whas da?”
Cas shucks his pants down forcefully, grabbing Dean’s hips and tilting them up to the right angle. He spits in his hand, ready to start loosening Dean up.
“I’m fantasizing about fucking you, Dean. About putting you on your knees and shoving your face down onto the bed to raise that perfect ass in the air. I want to open you up slowly and then fuck into you so hard, so deep that I can feel my cock head through your belly.”
“As it applies to the power dynamics between two people, a submissive person is the one who accommodates the dominant by giving their obedience. Submission is a willing gift, Dean. It takes a great deal of mental and physical strength to deny one’s own will.”
Dean startles at the unexpected noise, but smiles over his shoulder. “Nah, I’m good.”
“He is more important,” Dean admits. Their eyes meet, and the moment weighs heavily between them. He swallows hard and confesses, “I will always choose to be with him.”
Cas looks up with what could only be described as a pout, but Dean can’t quite believe he’s seeing it on his face. “It’s already six something. It’s not that early.”
Cas rears up, roughly uncrosses Dean’s legs and pushes them forward until his knees are almost at his shoulders, spreading them wide. The pressure knocks Dean back onto his elbows, but he lets Cas manhandle him willingly. Biting his lip, he arches his back, making contact by rolling his hips. Cas stills, looking down at the beauty now beneath him. “Impatient, aren’t we?” he teases. “I wanted to talk to you about what happened earlier. In that bathroom?”
Alastair is incensed by the sight in front of him. His prisoner, the one that had been stolen from him, is walking out of Alexander’s office with less binding him than when he went in. It was bad enough that they attended to his wounds, moved him to royal apartments, and stuffed him with sumptuous food. From his hidden position, Alastair bemoaned that he couldn’t see a single mark on the man. It is a travesty that he walks comfortably, without any of Alastair’s punishments branded into his skin. Only two weaklings guard him on his way back to his seat of luxury. He scoffs to see Dean tower over those who are meant to subdue him. If he wishes to be free, it would take him but a minute to disarm and disable them. Fools.
I hope you enjoyed the lovely moments in this chapter. I actually cried writing the subway scene, but I'm a big romantic sap.
I'm not going to be as available to write for the next 5-6 weeks, but then I'm off work for two months! In addition to finishing this story and my other WIP, Among the Ruins, I'm going to write two or three others that I have in the outline stage.
“Yeah? Any epiphanies?”
“I’m here for my brother.” The man speaks in perfect French, but it is not his first language.
Dean only has a moment to settle into the feeling before Cas pushes deeper. The pressure takes his breath away. The urgency of his desire explodes, leaving Dean shaking and begging for release. “Cas, baby. Oh, fuck. This is-”
Every so often, Cas gets lucky and Dean will share his personal stories. In return, Cas shares his own. Instead of making jokes about him being ancient, Dean is surprisingly gentle and kind. He shows interest and intrigue in the things that Cas has seen and done. Almost every evening, they gaze up at the stars through the gauzy fabric of the tent while they lounge against each other.
“Your safe word is Hawke. Mine is Albină. Repeat them.”
“Mmm. You’re welcome, and I love you, too.”
Castiel takes two steps forward while the poor messenger staggers back a step. “I come here to retrieve what is mine in good faith. I show your queen the respect to ask for her permission before I do, and she binds my power? Is she looking for a war with Heaven?”
“Not just that. He lurks around his work, and he followed him to a club and drugged him.”
Cas swallows hard. The genuine concern in her eyes is a balm that he didn’t know he needed. He’s spent years imagining what it might be like to have a mother – his whole life, in fact. He never imagined that just the warmth of kind eyes could bring him back to this depth of vulnerability. He never dared hope for someone to hold his hand and brush his stray hair off his forehead.
“Did you know Cas is still here?”
“More. Please, Cas. Oh fuck.” Dean’s grip on his arms is knuckle-white and bruising. Cas doesn’t even notice. He’s too caught up in the inferno strangling him, the flames licking over his body, making him sweat. He picks up the pace, friction dragging like lightning along every surface of his body.
“We’ll get to that someday soon, but we’re going to take this slow, okay?”
Shit. You get caught having an enthusiastic threesome in the larder one time and you can never live it down. He clears his throat and trudges on.
Cas scowls and looks out the window at the perfectly black night. “Still night.”
“Maybe he’ll just call his best friend in and let him handle it. I’m sure the State District Attorney owes my dad a few favors. I’ll just call him instead.”
When he complies, Cas expounds. “Stop panicking. I’ll explain back in our cell.”
“Ilya, I’d like to introduce you to my Novobranets, Kir.”
Cas takes his time working down Dean’s chest. He rubs and pinches his nipples for a long time, loving the sounds that Dean makes. “You really enjoy that, don’t you?”
*****
Yet again, Castiel is waiting for Dean. The man has been cagey and out of sorts all week. Cas has tried to talk to him multiple times, but he has repeatedly assured him that nothing is wrong. ‘Nothing wrong, my ass,’ Cas huffs. Something has the man spooked, and Cas wants to have a chance to weigh in. He can’t fix problems that he doesn’t know about, and this freeze out has him on edge.
“This is why I didn’t tell you at first. It’s too much.”
“Yes. I’ve carried a gun for years and I practice all the time.”
Cas fights the moan, but it escapes. “Fuck, Dean. I might, too. I don’t know how I’m going to handle the sight of my cock dipping into this perfection.”
“Dean, come here.”
The pompous man gives him a long-winded tour of the house, and all Dean can do is pretend that he’s interested. In reality, to him, a room is a room, and most of these are pointless. Great rooms, parlors, dens, living rooms, and game rooms. How many places to sit do you need in one house? He starts counting them at the second room, and by the time they reach the back patio, he’s well over the two hundred mark.
“Yeah? I can’t wait to see it. When are we going?”
“It sounds like you might be dealing with the Fae.”
Cas, finally nude and incredibly hard, walks over Dean, and goes down on his knees at his chest level. Dean is confronted by his gorgeous cock, up close and within his reach. Dean could nudge his nose against the soft tip, could tongue that sticky-wet slit and lap up that concentrated flavor of Cas. Even with all of the cold, fresh air swirling between them, he keeps getting teasing whiffs of that spicy heaven that he wants to bury himself in. Damn. This is not going to be easy.
“How about the Dvorak?”
Dean wants to shake his head no, but Cas already has it working in. Dean huffs out a breath, rattled by the immense pleasure of the stretch. He can feel air swirling into him on each thrust, can feel how open he is, and he really wants to touch. He leans to his left so he can spare his right hand. Cas guides him back, molding two fingers into the crossed shape they need to be to fit. When Dean slides them into himself, his mouth drops open in disbelief and wonder. Cas lets him pump his fingers a few times before adding his own finger alongside them.
Dean nods, sighing, “Fuck, yeah, there is.” He tugs Cas forward, anxious to get his mouth back on him where it belongs. He licks along the seam of his lips, begging entrance, imploring Cas to take them both where they want to go. Forgetting where they are, who is there with them, they lose themselves in consuming, exploratory kisses.
This chapter is the rest of Cas and Dean's day of debauchery. There is a tiny bit of plot / character development /romance happening here, but mostly it is a long chapter filled with Dean's submission and Cas's domination.
“We were ordered to bring him here,” the guard replies, confused.
“I hope you mean that figuratively.” Dean’s panting belies his humor. He’s just as affected as Cas. He’s inundated by raw pleasure singing along his nerves. Each stroke of that thick cock sends electric joy, live and delicious, licking over his body.
Her eyes go wide. “You saw him drug someone?”
When he finishes placing his order with Doris, he turns back to Cas and finds himself being scrutinized. Cas is leaning his head in his hand and contemplating something about him. It makes him want to fidget away from his intensity. “What? Why are you staring?”
He lets the book drop marginally and squints his eyes. “Is there a reason for the question or did you confuse me for the mantle clock?”
Dean hates seeing the tears, but his watery voice is worse. “I know. They would have, but you saved me. Again.”
“What in the hell is going on in here?” John yells. He takes in the scene before him like he must still be dreaming. Two grown men jumping on a bed in the middle of the night makes no sense.
“I might as well be wearing an orange jumpsuit.”
*****
Knowing that Dean is trying to be as polite as possible at the moment, Cas guides his hand into his hair as his implicit permission. Dean isn’t a huge fan of face-fucking, but he loves to wind his fingers through Cas’s hair.
“This little piggy has a secret, Cas.”
He rolls his eyes and stands. It is getting late and they need to head back.
“Next time, we’ll have to have a mirror so you can watch. It’s really beautiful.”
The prince’s body is being rocked gently now by the rhythm of the eager mouth on him. Castiel lets his head drop back in pleasure, lips parted. When he focuses on Dean again, his smile goes wicked as he leans in closer.
“This is so unbelievably cool,” Cas seconds. “Talk about art imitating life.”
Dean snorts and lays his head down again. It is spinning like a merry go round, and he doesn’t want to puke in front of Cas or his enemies. Well, not again, anyway.
I've known the last scene of this story for almost a year, but getting them there has been a long journey. I hope you all enjoy this final chapter. There are a lot of hints at what their lives are going to look like after we say goodbye, and I think that makes leaving them a little easier.
“Cas,” the man smiles and nods. Cas thinks the blush is adorable on such a powerful man. He knows that he is softening too much too soon, but this creature, man, whatever he is, is charming and gorgeous. It’s hard to remember why he was angry about being brought here.
“Well, it’s certainly a surprise because I never told him where I live.”
“You’ve always had my singular focus,” he continues, taking both of their erections into his hand together and thrusting his cock roughly against Dean’s. “I rebuilt your every cell, Dean, so once I knew the feel of you, how could I do anything but fall?”
mic unul = little one
Meeting with his client again, this time to wrap up the case that never was one, Dean chooses the bar. He’s trying to stretch his limits, trying to extend his reach into places with ghosts. This bar was a haunt of theirs whenever Cas couldn’t get away from his lab until late. It is a little too college-age for him, but it always was. Because it is a Tuesday night, it’s mostly quiet so they can talk.
On the one month anniversary of his incarceration, Dean learns a devastating lesson.
“Yes, tension.”
Cas explains what he is doing as he carefully preps Dean. He can tell that the man would prefer it if he stayed silent, but he wasn’t kidding about it being necessary. Dean needs to understand what he’s doing and why. He probably should have asked Dean to turn onto his stomach for this, but he wants to see his face, connect with him.
Cas looks up at him then. His eyes are brimming with vulnerability that Dean has never seen on him. He searches Dean’s face for long, silent minutes, like he doesn’t understand what he is seeing.
“Are you controlling that?” Cas asks, his breath catching in his throat at the sensation. Picturing the feel of it all over his body, he shivers in response.
Dean gives him a cheeky grin. “Making a liar out of you.”
“But why would you choose this? You cannot have children.”
“Hmmm?”
Why would he ever deny Dean anything? ‘Never again,’ he thinks. He’s wasted too much time being selfish and suspicious already.
The thought shakes him. Sometimes he can forget that Cas holds such authority. To him, he is a man. To the others, he is closer to their god.
“You did so well, baby. I’m so proud of you.” Cas pets his hair, pushing it back off his forehead.
Dean sits, predator still, and waits. The bewitching grin on Cas’s face makes so many promises, and Dean is itching to cash in on them all.
Cas isn’t sure why he believed Dean about John liking him. He’s done nothing but grouse and grumble under his breath this morning.
Dean drops his eyes and grins. “Yeah, I can hold my own.”
Cas holds a book to mask his interest, but he could be hiding behind a rock for all the attention he’s paying it. He smirks when he hears another volley of English vitriol. A few of the guards flinch at the sound, confusion passing between them. Better them than him. Normally, he adores Dean’s fire, his intensity in almost any form. He’s the only one in the castle that doesn’t shrink from his mercurial moods. But this restless, pent up version of Dean is a little too much even for him.
God… that was such a bad idea. Just us being stupid kids.
He only ate the orange ones and gave me back the rest...
I love Cas a whole lot but he doesn't know how to cook worth a damn. The guy cooks like he’s spent two minutes in the kitchen his entire life. I’ll give him prompts for trying, though. When he kept burning the pancakes, I took over. He decided to make everyone peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for lunch the next day. Which I thought was an excellent choice.
It’s going to be weird not having you around all the time. Sam says he’s glad he gets to have the tv to himself but I know he’s going to miss you. Guess we both will.
And he wasn't blind…
Dean felt a tickle on his face and went to wipe. It had been a tear, he hadn't even realized he was crying. He tried not to think about what the next day would bring. He wiped at another tear. He couldn't live without Cas.
Well, except for in the computer lab.
I almost got the PIG ‘N A POKE special but decided to go with the safer route of eggs and bacon. And a lot of coffee. My numbers had been steady for the first time that morning, and I didn’t want to mess that up. Was up a lot of the night with Dad dealing with my crappy system. Had a low then a spike so close together that it made me feel like I was going to puke. Finally went back to bed at 6 am.
Whew. I love this chapter so darn much.
Cas jokes he’s going to get me my own board, but I like using his.
I had realized that I had been hungry for a really long time. And for once, I wasn’t just talking about food. I had been hungry for my family. I had been hungry for those late-night talks with Sammy, for my Mom’s warm hugs, for Dad’s crazy stories. I got closer to my family in that one night than I had in over three years.
It’s 4:49 pm.
Like Sam told me earlier today, May the 4th be with you.
Well, that weight drop is down to 18 pounds now.
Last Monday, she asked if she could come over and talk.
I think this year is going to be better since I know more about my type 1. Not saying I’m a pro or anything but I'm definitely better than I was last year.
Then we kissed, and he made a face then said I tasted like marshmallows.
I’ve known Benny since the second grade when he got the flu and puked on my shoes and feet (I didn't wear sandals for a long time after that) there was no way I would ever date him. I mean there's also the fact that he’s my best friend. If he were the last person on earth, I still wouldn't crush on him. I’m sure that would be breaking some cosmic rule or some shit.
Ended up leaving us boneless afterward.
No, but for real, I'm happy for him. Little Sammy’s growing up.
I’d tell a 12-year-old me that he needed to ask for help and what he was dealing with was an eating disorder. I’d tell a 14-year-old me that even though his mom had died, that she would always be with him. I would tell 16-year-old me that having diabetes was going to be hard as hell, but… but nothing, it’s just hard as hell. I’d tell a 17-year-old me that the guy who walked into English with a trenchcoat on would be the love of his life soon. After everything, my life has turned out pretty good. I have Cas, Journey, and Kaia, Daisy, my friends, and family and that’s more than I could ever ask for.
I’m probably just going as a cowboy or something.
I ended up applying and the next day I was in my interview. The owner Mr. Chuck only asked me one question: Name all the members of Bon Jovi. The easiest question in the world.
When it was time for trivia to start, Castiel ended up being on the opposing team. I didn't recognize any of them, and I wanted to ask how Castiel knew them, but I didn't get a chance to right then. I found out later that they were all homeschoolers. I’m assuming Cas was also a homeschooler, but I’m not completely positive.
I even learned a little bit about D and D. Sam even said he’s going to try to teach me some more this summer so that should be fun... All I know is that he’s going to be sorry for teaching me because even though it’s not a competitive game, I’m totally gonna smoke him.
https://www.eatingrecoverycenter.com/conditions/osfed <----Talks about how EDNOS (Eating disorder not otherwise specified) is now called OSFED (Other Specified Feeding and Eating Disorders) These are the eating disorders that look different than the ones most talked about.
Dear Future Me,
Dad had built it for Sammy and me when we were younger. We call it the bunker and it’s about 10 years old now. Sometimes I would just lay there quietly but other times I’d play music. Sometimes I would even do homework. To some, it might be a hazard in certain spots where the nails stick out, but Sammy and I didn’t care.
Gotta love chick flick moments, right?
Dean caught a glimpse of the tattoo that was on his forearm. It was the only indicator of his time at Hailshime.
That’s my husband for you…
Cas wasn't as impressed but I know it’s going to be a winner.
Well, to begin, you have to know that my parents grew up in a religious cult in Ford City, Nebraska. I shouldn’t say that because it really isn't a cult but the more I hear about it, the more bizarre it sounds. They were just a really strict small town. My mom once told me that the women weren't allowed to wear pants or makeup and that everyone was expected to go to church. If a member didn't, the whole town would know about it and avoid them until they went to church again.
Just to let you know, you have never made me feel like our relationship should be a dirty little secret like Dick had. I have also never felt used or like I was using you.
What if I messed it up so bad that he doesn't want me as a boyfriend… or even a regular friend?
What’s there to think about?
If we have lunch together he, Kevin, and Charlie could nerd out about… nerdy things.
Before I could say anything, he was already getting out of the car and walking inside.
Well irregardless (I can say whatever I want Sam), I’m fine.
And five months later, here we are. When Cas’ mom ended up in the hospital, we didn't think we’d be able to go for a moment, but everything worked out.
So yeah, I’m dating Cas now and it feels pretty good. I’m glad that we’re starting over.
And I’m not saying that I’ve forgotten who I was. All I’m saying is that the Dean now has come a long way.
It was fucking awesome.
It had been with crackers and some sprite.
All other Mistakes are Dean Fucking Winchester's.
I told her if anyone ever asked about the burger, to make sure she included that the original Dean has type 1. I’d pay some big bucks to see their shocked faces.
Rock and roll,
Dorothy and Charlie broke up at the beginning of October. Charlie said it was because they “grew apart”. Benny and I think Dorothy might have cheated because we saw a picture of her with this other girl and they looked a little too friendly, but Charlie won’t say. She was so sad that even Benny came all the way up from New Orleans for the weekend to help me cheer her up. Cas had to study for a test that weekend and didn't come home so it was just the three of us.
Dear Future Me,
Swear the kid’s never been on time for anything.
She’s moving to Cape Girardeau Missouri at the end of the month. Apparently her mom got a new job and she was moving at the end of the month. I looked it up, it’s 6 hours away from here. I’d admit that it’s still awkward seeing her around at school, but I didn't feel the relief I expected to feel. To be completely honest, despite all that happened in December, if she had wanted to get back together, I would have.
No, but for real. I guess following Charlie's spectrum thing, I'd say I'm in the middle with maybe more towards the lady side because I’ve always liked girls before I met Cas.
I was actually the first to arrive. Michael came about 2 minutes after me and apologized for being late. Even Though we had actually both been early.
Then we had sex after for the first time. I kept thinking I was hurting him, but he kept saying I wasn’t because of the lube. Lube was never something I’ve had to use before, but that stuff is fucking awesome. I had actually bought some a couple months ago when I learned about it just in case if we wanted to have sex.
Cas can feel him staring. Part of their domestic routine, firmly established when Dean moved back to his chambers, includes two unusual practices to strengthen his bones and speed his healing; a nightly cup of bone broth and a Qigong practice called body tapping. Dean doesn’t complain about the broth, but when Cas had suggested the body tapping, Dean called him a witch doctor and a quack. It is a technique as old and highly regarded as Tai Chi, and Cas believes in the benefits of many healing arts. While body tapping is meant to be done to oneself, Dean obviously can’t use his hands to gently pound on his body. So, Cas does it. He uses the heel and knife edge of his palm, lightly striking along the meridian of his bones. Slow and rhythmic, he inches up Dean’s arm, over his collarbone, down his sternum, across his ribs, and back down his arm. He repeats on the other side, cautious of his injured areas.
Cas swallows down his neglected cock, causing Dean to gasp at the heat and suction. At the same time, Cas starts pulling the beads out of him slowly, one at a time. The intense pleasure pulls a shout from him.
“Hey! Hey, you can’t be in here,” Dean calls to the inmate who waltzes into the clinic, smug superiority leading the way while he supports another inmate around the shoulders. Disdainful eyes meet Dean's and ignore his statement completely. He continues over to an open bed, moving slowly to accommodate the shuffling gait of his slouching companion. Dean blocks their way, putting himself physically between them and the bed.
“Wings. Yes, I have wings,” Cas corroborates, waiting for Dean to continue.
Mikhail seems to puff up at Cas’s recognition of his good taste, and Cas can’t help but put a needle in that balloon of arrogance. “Of course, it isn’t nearly as adventurous as White Rabbit, but still very good.”
Cas brushes himself off and takes the light back. “You’re handy to have around in a crisis,” he jokes as Dean lays down on his back to better see inside the tube.
. You know?” Dean sips on his milkshake.
He didn’t feel great for the rest of the day. Not while studying with Hanna and not while ignoring Dean’s texts all night. And not the next day either when Dean told him he had gotten an A in biology and he couldn’t reply because Hanna wanted to compare answers before chemistry.
Castiel thanked him and before long they were stopping in front of Castiel’s house. What would had been another 45 minutes by foot had taken 10 short minutes by car and Castiel was grateful that Dean had shown up for more reasons than one.
“The two gay guys at your school. One of them is Aaron, right?” Dean asked, grin back on his face.
“When you say ‘deal with it’…?” Charlie prompted.
“Let me take you somewhere else?” Cas asks.
And it’s a wonder that Dean’s even standing in the first place, what with Cas in a white button-down, sleeves rolled up to his elbows and his hair all tousled.
After a quick scan of the room, Castiel turns to Dean, “It’s nice.” They’re standing so close their noses are almost touching.
“Moooooom,” Castiel dragged as he entered the room, eyes in full-on puppy mode and shoulders slumped for sympathy.
“Right,” Cas nods. “But to be clear, am I your boyfriend then?”
an alien. I got my phone.” He waves the square of light before swiping up on the screen to activate the flashlight.
“No, no,” the waitress waves him down, “Finish your beer. I just wanted to let you know.”
Castiel stares back. After a moment: “It’s your job.”
Dean guesses it’s not a weird question. Because then Benny wouldn’t have asked it, right? Because he doesn’t know that he and Cas are a thing. A serious thing, and everything.
He found it hard to meet her eyes, “Then what was so funny?” he asked, voice quiet.
look, and Dean finally gets on with it and sits down next to Asshole Psych Major’s hot date, and tries not to think about how now he can really compare Dean and his much hotter and probably much more well-read date.
“Alrighty, be right there,” and she’s off, boot heels clacking on the floor, and both Cas and Dean look at her tramp stamp above skin tight jeans, even though they’re in gay love with each other, it’s just the effect Pamela has on people.
Dean hears them sigh a breath of relief that barely escapes them before they’re screaming even louder and one of the guys curses loudly.
Dean feels better with Cas’ words but they are too heavy and he can’t have this conversation. “Gee Cas, you certainly know how to make a guy blush,” he says instead, smirking.
But he’s already talking to companies and labs. One wants to see him for an interview before his final exam. He has told not one single soul about this, not even Sam.
It gets dark outside and Dean puts his work away and wanders to the kitchen, already suspecting he’s not going to cook. He eats some cereal straight out of the box and stares at the four cans of beer in the fridge for a couple of minutes. He closes the fridge again, deciding that drinking when he’s feeling like this is too John Winchester and damn it, Dean is not going to be like that.
is called on personally to board his plane, and Dean laughs as Cas jumps, letting go of Dean.
Cas turns, “Oh, that’s my uncle.” He rolls down the window. “Hello Balthazar.”
“Coffeeeeee” he texts her. She's a grad student too, she will understand.
He’s back in no time, and the determined look he shoots Dean as he approaches makes Dean’s dick twitch and he gulps as Cas reaches him and grabs his thigh and pulls until Dean’s leaning further back.
“Fine, sor-
“Fuck,” Dean whispers, looking into the water at the back of the boat. He closes his eyes and turns his head towards the sky. “Fuck.” He mumbles again.
Castiel keeps frowning.
Cas leaves to take a leak in the bushes outside because apparently they don’t have bathrooms here, or Sam and Dean’s hut doesn’t anyway, so he’s just supposed to do his business outside, and there are lavatories near the office huts if he needs to go number 2. Cas shudders.
He’d toyed with the idea of an extra job. One with longer shifts instead of the coffee shop, or a night job. He’d even, for a second, contemplated doing porn, since Cas and Carmen were both the richest college students he knew. He had quickly discarded of the idea tough; he wasn’t cut for a profession in the sex industry. He knew that from the time John had been missing for a whole year and Dean had been sixteen turning seventeen and couldn’t feed Sam. But he doesn’t think about that shit, he’d promised himself that, he’d promised he’d forget all about it.
“Fuck yeah,” Dean says, closing his laptop once again and picking up his bag to slip it in.
“Oumph! Yeah, totally. If my head and wallet could take it,” Sam hoists the bag over his shoulder.
“Oh sure,” one of them said, giggling.
Cas strokes his thumb across Dean’s cheek. “I know you’re a hopeless romantic who wants hold my hand in public and all that crap, but baby, I don’t need that from you. Not when you’re not ready.”
“Arh, you’re a shoe-in!” Bobby waves.
“In a minute,” Cas says, breath labored too. He runs his hand over Dean’s dick, and Dean shudders against him, pulling Cas closer with his heels behind his back.
Dean walks over and sits down next to Jo, “What time did you get home?” he’s disappointed because he’s clearly more hung-over but he was the first to leave.
“BYE!” Dean almost yells and furiously presses the hang-up button.
For some reason, he had a hard time focusing on maths and not green eyes and dancer’s thighs.
Dean nods and opens the menu that’s bound by leather and is unfoldable, “You’ve been here before?”
“Dean, there you are! I’ve barely seen ya all evening,” Ellen says as she pushes her way past two drunken college graduates.
They put on Resident Evil on Dean’s laptop and pass the bong back and forth for a while as they catch up. It’s nice, getting high and hanging out with someone that knew Dean at a simpler time (not that Dean’s had a single simple time in his life).
“Hey pumpkin,” she said and walked the step and a half over to him to kiss his cheek, “How was your training? You should eat a proper meal, you know.” She said the last part with a pointed look at the carton of chocolaty goodness in Dean’s hand.
Abaddon noticed him and Viktor in the hallway as well and gave Dean the finger. Dean didn't care but the vulgar body language had Mrs. Engel finally noticing that her girls were getting distracted and she opened the door, face already red in anger, “Winchester, Henriksen! Go to your own classes!”
But something about the way Cas says it makes the scoff that normally would have come out of Dean disappear, makes him think about those words. Because Dean has worked hard to get Sam to where he is and he still works hard to get him where he needs to go. Has made a lot of compromises at his own expense. It’s his life work. Maybe he just feels bad because he’s prioritizing things for himself too. Like a degree.
“Good morning Dean. Didn’t realize you had company,” Sam says with s stupid fucking smirk on his face and Dean wants to scowl, but he doesn’t want Castiel to witness this shit this early in the morning.
“I was such an asshole, I know that. I knew it then, too. I was just- I was really stressed out, I think you know that,” he waves himself off, “But that’s no excuse! I’m aware of that too, and I’m not trying to make excuses, I just hope you know that I’m not normally like that.”
“Yes,” he’d finally looked up at Dean with those big blues of his, “I’d like to have dinner with you very much, Dean.”
The last time he saw it was last night, in bird’s eye and on his laptop screen, the volume low even though he was wearing headphones. Somehow he is even more gorgeous in real life.
“I don’t have any more clean sweats, so I hope PJs is okay?” Dean asks, his head in a drawer.
Feedback is life <3
to push his hips against Cas’, but the older man restrains him.
Charlie stops chewing and looks appropriately surprised. It would be funny, her cheeks full of pancake and sticky syrup on her lip, but Dean’s too caught up on what her reaction might be.
“Sounds… nice?” Castiel says.
Castiel rearranges himself to lie on his stomach and Dean lies down next to him before opening up the laptop and putting on the movie. Dean’s bed is a three-quarter so they both do fit but their elbows are touching and Dean can feel Castiel breathing next to him. It’s all very exciting. They’re in Dean bedroom, door closed, both on the bed, and Sam isn’t home.
“Excuse me,” Balthazar steps in. The atmosphere cools down a little but it’s still ringing in Dean’s ears. “Do you have a problem with Dean and Cas?”
Pamela pushes his shoulder comradely, “You sure your boyfriend won’t get jealous, the way you’re flirting?”
“Hey Dean, d’ya wanna get your face painted?” Benny asks, getting up from the chair, apparently finished.
He promises to be right out.
Dean rolls his eyes, but his shoulders relax infinitesimally when he smiles a little bit too. “This is so not about that.”
Aaron had called it quits around four though, when he discovered that Dean actually wanted to
Sam turns to him, hair flapping as he twists, “What interview?”
“He dropped by,” there’s some rustling on his end, like Bobby’s shifting his position.
When Castiel blushes Dean forgets about being mad at Sam.
“Hah! You’re so getting laid!” She said.
“Yeah,” Dean swallows, “I do.”
“But how do you
“No. He’s 39.” Dean says, and while Cas can’t help but think that
“It’s 1pm,” Cas says.
Dean had shrugged, “I get the employee discount so…”
“Uh, yes, well,” he pulls his coat around him and stands up straighter, “This parking spot is reserved.”
“I know how you like to worry that pretty little head of yours. Don’t, about this. And don’t about that dude either, okay?” Ash says and with a wave he leaves.
They had been running late, which may have been on purpose, so they did not get a chance to look for Dean before the show started. They just made their way to the gymnasium and found empty seats, a little too close to the stage for Castiel’s comfort.
Cas grabs Dean’s wrist, running long fingers over hot skin. “They don’t hate you. They don’t even know you,” he tilts his head. “They think the age difference is weird.”
It might be the alcohol but the statement shifts Castiel’s world on its axis for a moment, “You were what now?”
It’s late august and he hasn’t been back in Boston for a week when they run into someone Dean knows for the first time.
But instead he’s looking at Dean, who’s sat, thighs spread, at the end of the boat, steering lazily with one arm as wind plays along his short light brown hair and ratty t-shirt. He’s wearing sunglasses now, wayfarers with a bright green frame and not only are they hideous but also hiding away eyes that Cas was not done looking at.
Bobby scoffs, “Is it worse than usual?”
“What’s going on with you?”
“Seems for a quite dorky Saturday night for a fraternity,” Castiel notes and Dean glares.
Dean teases his tongue behind his teeth. “And what if I want you to fuck me? Are they going to be okay with hearing how good you make me feel, all the ways you make me beg for it?”
“You don’t trust me as your Dom yet. You will,” he promises. The shift to Cas’s dominant voice is seamless. “Now, when I ask you to be ready for me, I expect you naked on this rug, facing the bed and kneeling with your knees wide, palms resting on your thighs, eyes closed. Show me.”
An obscene pop heralds Cas snarling, “Get the fuck out!”
“It was definitely my pleasure,” Cas replies. “Any time you feel like spoiling someone with a trip to a luxurious hotel, I’m happy to oblige.”
Their lips meet first, and there is nothing timid or gentle in the way Dean takes his mouth. Walking them the short distance to the wall, he continues his assault. Hands cupping his face, Dean speaks against his mouth.
“Cas, I know. It was a joke.”
*****
Cas’s brain screeches to an abrupt halt, complete with lost control over most of his body’s motor functions. Fuck.
His stunning guard gives him his full attention and he urges Raz to step in time with his horse.
Speaking of the psychopath, Michael smiles at him happily and speaks to him for the first time. “I’m so sorry it took me so long,” he says gently. “I never would have subjected you to the attentions of that monster if I could have gotten you away from him any sooner.”
It is a lady seated to Judith’s right that speaks to him first. “Dean, we haven’t met. I’m Bianca. Cas has been doing commission work for some of my clientele.”
“I feel the same, Cas. Whatever you’re doing, ‘s not working.”
Cas lets go of his hand, continuing to walk backwards. Maintaining eye contact, Cas smooths his hand over his stomach, pulling the hem of his t-shirt up with the caress. It exposes not only his toned stomach, but his deadly, sharp hip bones. His teeth nip into the corner of his bottom lip, and Dean is completely under his spell. His mouth is watering for everything Cas is putting on display. Dean’s feet move to follow him without any of his permission.
When Cas begins to pull back instead of pushing forward as he expects, Dean chases him for a taste. He can’t lose this opportunity now that it is here and almost gone. He licks against Cas’s broad lips and presses a chaste kiss to them before finally separating. He looks into near-black eyes and shivers.
Dean rolls his eyes and heads back to the court.
“Alright. Very nice. Let’s get them up on their knees now.” Dean and Cas both seize up. They’d forgotten that physical intimacy is not the purpose here. They’d been lost to each other in the midst of their enemies.
Moaning and cursing, Dean tries to stay on top of the pleasure. Cas wasn’t kidding. He isn’t making this easy on him. Already, Dean feels his core tighten, his balls draw up. Cas’s tongue is magic and it is working to shred him into splinters.
Dean grinds his ass provocatively against Cas’s cock. “Why don’t you keep spanking me and then you’ll know for sure.”
“And I’ll probably accidentally track paint down the stairs.”
Dean’s jaw drops and his mouth goes Sahara dry. He wants that. Fucking hell does he want that.
“Hey,” Cas catches his forearm to still it. “I’ve just never let anyone do it. I want you to, though.”
Seeing Dean without the layer of blood, dirt, and survival instinct takes his breath away. Guilt rages through his brain. How dare he lust after this broken creature. In the contoured candlelight, his bruises are shadows. So many dark shadows. Beneath them, though. There is a beauty that is beyond this mortal plain. Castiel aches to brush those cupid’s bow lips with his fingertips, with his tongue. Would Dean open to him?
Dean sits on the arm of Cas’s favorite chair and looks down at his fiance. This is it. The big reveal. They grin at each other, eyes sparkling with excitement.
“Dean, smotri na menya.” (Look at me.)
“Oh, that’s entirely up to you, Dean. I’m going to give you a challenge. If you can do what I ask, I’m all yours,” Cas purrs.
“Now, pull out and push back in, just to that same depth.”
“I suppose.”
Luke scowls at the board in concentration and then moves his rook into a moderately safe position.
The Shaman’s reaction does not inspire confidence. “No, but my companion did.”
“Not at all, Dean. It makes me proud to hear you appreciate this experience. This is my world and I want you to love it as much as I do.”
After a blatant foul by one of the bigger teens, Dean pulls him aside and speaks quietly to him. He looks suitably chastised and heads over to the makeshift bench. Dean looks up and catches sight of Cas. He blinks a few times in surprise, and then a magnificent smile breaks on his face. Cas sucks in a breath at the sight of it. Something tight and aching pulls in his chest.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean groans. There’s yet another tick in the ‘Hell, yes’ column. He rubs his hand over his jaw, hoping to collect his wits and any drool that might be leaking out of his mouth. As he shifts to make his tight crotch more comfortable, he takes his turn.
Cas groans, “For fuck’s sake.”
The relentless pace would be enough to make him come fast, but the angle is the sublime one that drags Cas's cock against his prostate, and against that he has no hope of lasting. “Cas,” he whines. “Harder, baby. I’m almost there. I want to come on your cock.”
He swallows hard and asks, “Like what?”
“You looked like you needed a friend. That’s all I’m offering.”
“So, this staring shit is really telepathy?” Sam asks excitedly.
“Cas, please,” Dean begs, high and breathy. “Please, baby.”
Lust is burning in Dean’s eyes, and their heat sets Cas ablaze. “Let’s go inside,” he suggests, getting to his feet and pulling Dean up with him.
“By yourself?”
“I don’t remember anything about receiving presents for Advent, Cas.” Dean is teasing him again. He can see that this gift is making Cas a little nervous, more in anticipation than anything else.
“That’s it, Dean,” Cas encourages as he greedily watches the shaking, writhing body slamming down on him. “Fuck yourself so good on my cock. Shoot that delicious come all over me. C’mon, baby. Give me what I want.”
When he is done, Cas crawls up his body and Dean shows his impatience in grabby hands that pull and tug at him. Dean can’t lift his head, but he wants those lips on his now. When he’s finally in striking distance, Dean tightens his arms, forcing Cas to land gracelessly onto his chest.
Cas looks at him, disappointment in his eyes. “We haven’t seen even half of the museum yet.”
“Hi.” It’s all he can manage.
“You’re very special, Dean.”
Cas is suddenly wrapped up in two incredibly strong arms and lifted as Dean stands with him and just takes. His kiss is harsh and needy, his hands gripping his ass tightly. In the next moment, they are turned and Cas is laid out on the table, Dean boxing him in and dropping nipping kisses all along his neck. The sawing breath churning his lungs is blowing delicious heat over Cas’s skin, raising goosebumps and hardening his nipples.
“Eventually,” he concedes.
"Like an infant?"
Dean takes a bite and sighs. “Nothing better,” he claims and slides the plate towards Jimmy. He tries to deny wanting a bite, but Dean calls him out with a lift of his brow. Jimmy surrenders to the siren call of sugar, enjoying every second of the vanilla, apple, cinnamon, and butter. He chews slowly, savoring the taste. He only allows himself the single bite.
“Fucking hell, Dean.”
With every breathy moan and tender touch, the heat between them increases. Cas wants to know everything that happened, but Dean is on another path that quickly overrides his best intentions. “I’ve never been more frustrated to be locked out of your timeline. I wanted to come to you. I needed to know that you were safe, but I was helpless.”
Cas bristles a bit, but can’t argue with John’s priorities.
“If that’s what you want, you should rebuild one. They’re pretty easy to find at salvage yards.”
“Well, I’m not going to give it to you tonight, anyway, so we don’t need to decide now.”
“Hold yourself open for me, sweetheart.” Dean shuffles to get his hands around his cheeks. His face is turned to the side and resting on the bed. Cas can sense the spark of mischief in that laser-focused gaze.
“Soon?” Dean freezes, concern in his features as he looks to Cas for an explanation.
When it doesn’t come, he becomes a slave to introspection. Why are his reactions to Castiel so different? Is it an evolutionary thing? Is he responding to the predator, the ‘alpha’ in him? That thought rankles because Dean has always thought of himself as a prime specimen of masculine strength. If only the fittest survive, surely Dean will be near the top of the list. He looks again at the Russian and his men who snap to attention when he speaks to them. If Dean does recognize and react to something superior in Castiel, he is in good company.
Cas smiles at him and shrugs off his shirt. Dean’s eyes snag on the bare skin while Cas sits on the bed, leaning into the headboard. He is content to let Dean look his fill. “I would have thought you’d be happy about the visual stimulation. You don’t make any pretense about how much you enjoy it.”
“My piercing is not visible at the moment, but it is most definitely there.”
“Your what?” Cas tilts his head.
Dean raises a brow, waiting for more information.
Castiel interrupts him with the loud sound of the hammer cocking.
“I also had something engraved inside.”
Dean bites his lip and looks down at his hands. “Uh, I’d like to do a memorial for my brother.”
“What? Did you think I was blameless here?”
Dean frowns. “So, no sex?”
Dean hums in disagreement. “That’s not how I hear it.”
Gabe nods, watchful. Cas grabs water and drinks down a gulp, looking lost in thought.
After a few more breaths, he explains, “Just. Don’t go to your knees for me until we talk about what it means. Okay?”
“It’s not ridiculous at all. I remember the first tattoo I ever got. I had it covered up later because it was atrocious, but I was downright giddy at the time.”
“Oh, c’mon now, angel. Don’t get upset. I’m being playful because I’m happy. Yes, I want to start the process of being your mate. That sounds like the best idea in the world…the universe even.”
“Don’t fuck with me right now. This is not a game.”
Dean turns him tenderly onto his back on the couch. Before he can ask, Cas points a flailing hand towards another drawer in the coffee table.
“Yeah. He was that unhappy with what was going on. I tried to get him to talk to me about it, but he would just say that it was boring science stuff and distract me. I assumed that he would tell me if something was wrong.” Dean takes a deep, cleansing breath. “I should have pushed harder.”
“So Cas is stalking you too?” Walker jumps in.
“I know it feels that way, especially because you don’t know me. Please trust that I was digging into your past for your protection. Something isn’t right here, and I want you to be safe. That’s all.”
Dean hadn’t liked that there weren’t any wedding pictures of Jimmy and his wife posted. Not even on the Facebook account that he had found. There weren’t any pictures of them together at all. In fact, Amelia Novak’s Facebook page was private and locked down fairly tight. Suddenly, finding out everything he could about Jimmy became a full blown obsession for Dean.
“Don’t touch me,” he snarls and walks into the cave towards the fire.
Music is an ever-present component of the process, alternating genre as frequently as his moods. At the moment, Judith watches him from the back of the studio, enjoying the fact that Cas doesn’t know she’s there and can’t seize up and hide away his passionate nature. Cas is full of life when he’s painting, aggressive and confident in his movements. The piece he’s working on is a replica of one of his tattoos that he wanted to add color to, and she smiles to see such brilliant progress.
Dean nods, “It’s unreal. I wouldn’t have thought it would be that intense.”
“Bart isn’t happy about this.”
Calling his husband would be a monumentally stupid thing to do when they don’t know how Roman’s men are finding them. He probably shouldn’t even have the damned thing on, but he can’t make himself turn it off. Not when they’re separated. Not when Dean might need him.
“I’m so sorry, baby,” Dean’s voice tries to soothe him, but it breaks on the endearment, a tear slipping from his lashes. Cas is off his horse and trying to move toward the scene of destruction. Dean wraps him up in a firm hold.
*****
His body is so confused by the mix of exceptional pleasure and stinging pain that his orgasm is delayed, and he almost doesn’t come. When he does, though, it is as violent and elemental as the rest of this fuck.
“Why don’t you ever change shape around me?”
“That’s all my obsession with books is, they are a vehicle for me to go back to certain places and be with him.”
“Sorry, does asshole suit you better?” Castiel simply rolls his eyes and takes a gulp of absinthe, a shiver crawling up his spine at the taste.
Cas bites his bottom lip and lifts needy eyes. “You mean like I want to devour you?”
In just a minute or two, Cas is back with a couple of Dean’s ties. “Are either of these ones that you would mind getting dirty?”
Cas hasn’t said a word since being seated, his entire focus is on the newspaper he is devouring. The kind man across from him leans in and says quietly, “This is his morning ritual. He has many businesses back in Moscow.”
“That can’t be true.”
He has repeatedly rebelled against God for them, even when angels aren’t supposed to have free will, which is the thing that damns Dean to feel hope. Cas might one day look at Dean as if he is worth befriending because he insists on having the freedom to choose his actions. Dean snaps out of his reverie and focuses on Cas’s words as soon as he notices that he’s speaking.
“How am I whipped?” Dean scowls and takes a sip of his water.
Cas touches under Dean’s chin with light fingertips, an intimate gesture, but as much as they are willing to risk when they are in public. This kind of public, anyway.
The details, though. How did he dream the intricate details of a place he’s never been? How did he dream in Russian? Why was everything so real?
“Are you okay, Dean? Am I hurting you?”
Cas hums. “I noticed.”
“Too sad.”
“It is unusual to commit to the same partner two years in a row,” he warns.
Cas enters his body without any fanfare; desperate to be inside of Dean again, even if the last time was only a few hours ago. He sets a pace both rough and claiming. His weight is bearing down on Dean, widening his hips to sink in deeper. Dean keens at the feel of Cas’s cock slipping against his prostate with every wicked stroke.
Judith returns to her preparation, letting Cas decide his next step. He comes to her a minute later, fidgeting with a sketchbook in his hand. The cast on his other arm looks as if it is hiding a story, but she doesn’t ask for him to explain.
“I know, let me think.” Their breathing, rapid and ragged, echoes in the cramped, tiled room with dingy light.
“It’s not your fault, sweetheart. I know it was outside of your control. Are you safe?”
I hope you enjoyed this longer chapter. Let me know what you think of the new developments. I love hearing from you!
“And praise makes me happy?”
Cas hums, pulling his thumb out of Dean’s hole and sinking his middle finger in all the way to his palm. “I’m going to fuck you, sweetheart.”
And then he’s looking at the beloved face that he dreams about every night. There aren’t any signs that Cas knows him, but he’s always had such bad eyesight and his asshole father refused to buy him glasses. He obviously can’t see Dean from this far away.
“Sorry, what?”
“I thought you might say that.” Cas doesn’t even mind the smugness. He’s earned the right.
Interested in reading about Alpha Dean chasing Omega Cas all over Europe? Read
Cas is euphoric, too. Pride wells up in him as he watches Dean in the violent throes of release. He is a divine sight to behold. Cas pets him to make sure he feels grounded as his orgasm goes on and on. His body bows with seizing muscles. He comes so hard that some of the creamy liquid hits his neck. Cas leans over to lick the pearly drop from his neck.
In the image of a colorful fish, some of the belly scales are shaped strangely. Upon closer inspection, they form the letters WPPP. As Dean is studying the image, Cas stands up and expels some of his energy by pacing. Dean grins to himself. Cas has always done this when he’s trying to solve a problem. Something about moving his body helps him organize his thinking.
“Be still, pet. Your job is just to accept what I give you.”
Judith tuts his self-deprecation as she always does. “You must learn the art of self-promotion, dear. If she calls you a visionary, thank her humbly. Buyers eat up the quiet confidence.”
He wants to chastise Dean for being so incredibly naïve, but he knows it won’t do any good. He’s almost positive that Dean’s been roofied, so he probably won’t remember any part of this conversation. Better to save his breath. He pulls Dean in close and lets him rub and grind on him while he looks around. Despite the discomfort it causes him, it’s the only way to keep Dean upright. Now that he’s solved the puzzle, his attention goes to the periphery of the crowd. If someone drugged Dean, Cas would bet it was Michael. Movement above him catches his eye and he looks into the balcony. Well, well, well. There’s the prick, now.
“No, many people leave at about this time every day.”
“That’s what I told them. They, uh. They were trying to use your...colorful past as evidence.”
“Yeah. Holy shit is right. This is just the obvious stuff. There are so many loose ends and questionable fucking gaps in Cas’s story that it would take another hour to go through.”
“Fuck you, Cas!” Dean shouts as he leaps up from the table. He leans over it menacingly. “You have no right to take me off active duty.”
Marius had taught Dean what was expected of him when the prince takes meals in his chambers. He is to lay out the food, disappear during the meal, and then return to clean the mess away. This afternoon seems to be shaping up like any other day. It’s fine. He didn’t think Castiel would actually coddle him because he is bruised. His wrists were bandaged while he slept, and although sore, he’s had worse injuries. In fact, he’s had infinitely worse just in his time at the castle.
“Sure.”
Cas pulls away then, leaning back to scour Dean’s face. “Hospital? Why? What’s wrong, Dean?”
Cas is leaning against the sink, bottom lip caught in his teeth. “What’s up, Cas?”
Cas sighs and lets his hands drop over his head. He braces them on the arm of the couch and clenches hard around Dean’s cock. Dean's eyes snap up as he gasps. When he sees that Cas is waiting for something, his brain comes back online. Right. Fucking.
He shoves and wiggles Dean’s pants down behind his pert ass, and then kicks them down with the heel of his foot. It isn’t the sexiest thing he’s ever done, but there is no way in hell he’s going to let this prize out of his hands to get rid of clothing.
“Different experiences?” Dean is gets loud in his indignation.
Fear grips him when the beast shakes his head. No? Why would he deny him now? Why feed him air and then let him drown? He is seething, air sawing in and out in his lungs. Wait.
His mouth is watering at the thought of what is to come. Settling in between Cas’s spread thighs, Dean looks up at him hungrily. Rubbing the oil between his hands, he holds that contact until he can’t take the anticipation anymore. His gaze skips over Cas’s body until it lands on his sex. Dean’s not an expert on dicks. He knows what he finds attractive, though, and Cas is beautiful here, too.
Dean pulls up Cas’s contact information in her phone and dials the number on his own. He takes a deep cleansing breath before pushing the call button. It rings just once when Dean hears it connect.
“If we do marry one day, we’ll move it to your left hand,” Cas says as he rubs the ring fondly with his thumb. “It looks even better on you than I had imagined.”
Cas keeps his word and gives Dean open access to touch him from the time they get out of the car until they say their goodbyes. He uses the time to run his fingers through Cas’s hair to straighten out some of the more chaotic strands, to guide him into his room with a touch to the small of his back, and to pull him in for a hug. Even while taking advantage of what’s been offered, Dean watches him carefully, ready to pull the plug if Cas looks distressed or uncomfortable. He marvels at the fact that Cas gazes at him with open admiration instead of panic.
“Me too. But, it’s for the best. The spot we pinpointed is on the far side of the park to the south. It would be best to be closer. We don’t know what we’ll find there.”
Heavenly heat scorches through Dean’s nervous system. “Oh, fucking hell, Cas. You feel so perfect.”
Dean smiles fondly at him and takes a seat on his bunk. Yevgeny is tinkering with a whetstone at his desk, and doesn’t look up until the moment stretches out without words. Finally, he turns to Dean.
Theoretically, he knows he could make the move. He could just lean in and take the soft, pink lips that he wants to lose himself with. He just...can’t. He’s over his hesitation, but not his insecurity. He’s working on it, but letting himself kiss a man, this man, is not the same as being the initiator.
Cas barks out a surprised laugh. They stand and climb out of the bath, shaking off the excess water before wrapping a sarong around their waists. Walking down the narrow path requires them to walk one behind the other, so Cas snuggles up behind him. Wrapping his arms around Dean’s chest, he brings his own chest to Dean’s back as they walk in step.   “How long had you been watching me?”
Cas prowls forward to where Dean is sprawled across the seat, stalking him on all fours. “I had planned to get you back here when we were somewhere more secluded. Sitting in the middle of town in broad daylight limits our options a little.”
This was not a robbery, it was an assassination, and that is the third reason that he can’t make himself unwrap his body from Cas’s. A very real threat is in the air, murderous intent aimed at his prince. Dean can’t let himself dwell on it. When he lets the image of Michael’s mutilated body into his mind to contemplate, he can’t help but think, what if? What if they had left first? It might be Cas’s body there, drained of blood and cooling. A whimper of desperation escapes his lips, and he pulls Cas tighter to him.
Cas nods, still planting little kisses on his hands.
“Yeah.”
He gives a sad smile and pulls Dean in closer. “You don’t have a name for me, for my kind. All these centuries, and no human has ever known one of us enough to give us a name.”
“Fetiță.”
Cas shakes his head, and Dean is tempted to correct that travesty right now, despite both being stuffed full.
The wonder on Castiel’s face makes Dean need more. He takes the next kiss, puts all of his desire into it. His hands come up to hold Castiel to him as he plunders his mouth. Dean feels triumphant when he both hears and feels the moan rumble up from his chest.
*****
Dean lets out a boisterous laugh of victory. He still might die of exposure, but at least he escaped a nasty imprisonment. How could he have possibly explained why they are spying on their allies? Wallachia is part of the Ottoman Empire, England’s ally in the war against Russia. However, the area is in constant turmoil and has been for centuries. The small country gets passed around from empire to empire like a dockside whore. There have been too many rumors about information, supplies, and soldiers ending up in Russia for England to trust their weak alliance. That is where Dean’s squad comes in. Their mission was to find out what they could about the true allegiance of the crown prince. They are on a reconnaissance mission and getting caught would have caused a spectacular political nightmare.
He follows Dean, ready to beg and grovel. Dean can hear his approach and seizes up. He slides the mask onto his face and turns with malice flickering in his eyes.
“Mmm. It’s like they’re connected to my groin. You touch them and I feel it all the way through my body.”
“Fuck, baby. That is amazing,” Dean huffs. He’s still fairly loosened from the inspection, so there’s no painful stretch, just relaxing into the warm slickness of Cas and whatever is in the nectar.
“I don’t understand why you’re being so stubborn about this,” Dean badgers. He’s incurring Cas’s wrath, but he honestly doesn’t give a shit at this rate. He’s going to get Cas to a doctor even if it kills one of them.
Cas swallows hard and lets Dean continue to rail at him. “Of all the hair-brained ideas. I’m sure this was Gabe’s idea, wasn’t it?”
“You are a very lucky man.”
Dean looks up at his dad. “You don’t seem surprised.”
“Hmm. I think I should rectify that.” With that statement, he flips his fingers and rubs over Dean’s prostate like there’s a bullseye painted on it. The electric shock of it knots his gut, and the wave of pleasure that follows forces it to release. The shuddering emptiness of Cas removing his fingers precedes his command. “Turn over, pet. I need you comfortable for this.”
“What made Alex agree to let me work with the guard? Do I have you to thank for that, too?”
Cas huffs a laugh at the phrasing. Even when talking about his darker desires, Dean can’t help but be lighthearted. “Nothing would make me happier.”
“Is that why you’re so sad, brother?”
Dean looks up from his place at Cas’s feet with pleading eyes. “Am I forgiven?”
The queen smiles then, a nauseating sliver of teeth and power. “Why Castiel. If you don’t think that you can control your charge, I would be happy to continue with the auction and give him to someone who has the ability to make him submit.”
Cas sits up in bed and rests his forearms on his raised knees. “That’s incredible. I’m so happy for you.”
They also found a stash of trophies and photos in a lock box, which link Boyar to at least seven open murder cases.
Cas huffs out a laugh. “Nothing urgent. We’ll talk later when I’m not about to be skewered.”
He’s aware of how crazy he sounds. The look on his brother’s face confirms it.
Cas chuckles and gives him a chaste kiss. “C’mon. I’ll introduce you now, and maybe later we can go see his progress on his latest commission.”
“Do you accept the position?”
“No!” he shouts, stepping out of his reach again. Dean’s face radiates agony and heartache. “There aren’t ‘what ifs’ here. I can’t be involved with anyone who has a felony arrest or conviction. It’s a condition of my grant, Cas.”
“Y-yes.”
“Can you teach me?”
“Mhmm,” Dean agrees, as he climbs into Cas’s lap to straddle him. “But right now, I want you focused on something else.”
“Dean, what happened?” Cas’s voice is shaky as he wraps his arms around him.
“Why would I waste time with your things when I have you out here naked and waiting for me?”
“Am I hurting you?” Dean notices the question comes without even a minute decrease in speed or intensity.
Cas rests his hand on Dean’s forearm. “Do you not understand that I will give you whatever you want? All you need to do is ask.”
Cas chuckles. “Well, we’re not going anywhere for awhile, so I think we’re going to have to wait.”
“Why is your brother not the king?”
“You are only going to make the problem worse,” Dean huffs.
“It’s just my parents, you and Andrea, and Jo and her boyfriend. Besides, why wouldn’t I? I used to cook for a crew all the time back in college.”
Dean tries to shrug it off, but Cas urges him to explain. Choosing his words carefully, he says, “This bond with you is a gift, but it takes so much work. It’s taxing to have part of your brain screaming at you all the time. It won’t even let me masturbate because it wants me to go to you.”
Cas nods as he pops a piece of an apricot into his mouth. “I spent a year studying in Paris. It was quite the educational experience.”
Sitting back in the chair, Cas commands Dean to come to him. “Put your knees on the seat and your elbows on the table.”
Cas shrugs and cleans his brushes. He’s been painting for hours without a break. His stomach is complaining and his shoulders are aching.
“Nothing much,” he says coyly. “I realized that you haven’t tried many of our country’s delicacies, so I wanted to give you a culinary tour.”
Dean smirks with completely false bravado. “Are you going to get that for me, then?”
“What kind of hell were you picturing?”
“Then why don’t you explain.” Dean hates the blindfold in this moment. He can’t tell how Cas is feeling without seeing his face. All he knows is that his voice is cold and devoid of emotion.
“Seriously, neither of us have ever had to explain our relationships, and I don’t think we should have to start now.”
“I’ll consider it,” he concedes quietly. He supposes that it is time he takes on the mantle of leadership, such as it is. His brothers have let him “acclimate” to being back from India for leisurely months. He feels a touch of guilt for being so indulged. Just a touch.
Cas looks to Dean. “Are you good?”
“Dean,” Cas says reverently. “It’s done. Your transition is complete.”
“Sorry about that. We’re...um. Clear-headed now. No more interruptions, promise. If you still have time, that is.”
After their first round, they try two new drinks and watch the sun set over the city. Cas does move around to sit with him when the live music starts so they can hear each other. Seeing Dean in this creamy, golden light makes his heart ache. While Dean takes a picture of the sunset, Cas sneaks a picture of him.
“Many things happened. If you’re asking if he was harmed; yes. But I healed him as soon as I arrived.”
A shout is punched out of him. “Fuck! Oh, fuck. I’m- I’m coming! Cas, oh god.”
Cas keeps rubbing slowly, and every pass pulls another inhibition down, crumbling his defensive walls easily. Even with the amazing friction, he tries to remain in control. ‘Stop letting him touch you!’ he chastises himself. ‘Tell him no!’ The only sound out of his mouth is a shuddered moan.
Jimmy swallows hard around the lump in his throat. It’s a simple tribute, but obviously done with the intention of memorializing someone he’d thought of as family. There’s a surge of his earlier headache, but he keeps scrolling. Going back over five years, Jimmy stumbles on several pictures that make him gasp.
“Did you bring the hospital records?” John asked. Dean slid them over to Walker.
Cas gently lifts the waistband of Dean’s pants, wanting to pull them off without irritating his wound or pulling on the stitches. Dean’s hand stops him. “I appreciate the offer, but the pain meds they had me on are fucking with me. I can’t get hard.”
“I’m not having doubts about wanting you. I’m doubting if I can be what you want from me.”
This afternoon, ten days into their trip back to court, Dean is sitting in a field of flowers, watching some of the children play. One of the littlest Fae, Zala, is enamored with Dean, and follows him wherever he goes around camp. Dean has drawn with her, swam with her, and now sits still while she weaves flowers into his hair. Whenever they fall out, the sweet giggles from behind her hand make everyone in the area smile, too.
“Let’s see if we can piece together any more clues while we wait.”
Cas concedes only because he’s just as hungry. He’s sure that they’ve worked off a ridiculous number of calories since they got back to his apartment.
“I thought I was going to have to come find you,” Dean teases.
Dean ceases his conversation with Benny and turns incredulously. “Wow. If that isn’t the pot calling the kettle black, I don’t know what is.”
Dean nods his head, but looks down at his hands.
“What does she say? Am I broken?” Making light of the situation seems the only way to handle it when he is the focus of such intense scrutiny.
“Clasp your hands together behind you. Good. Leave them there. You won’t need them because I’m going to do all the work, pet.”
Castiel knows he is being an asshole, but he thinks leaving the party was a fairly clear sign that he isn’t interested. He doesn’t appreciate being trailed to his bedroom.
“I know, baby. I know,” Cas hushes him just as quietly.
Claire goes back to watching the game, settling into being on the periphery of a crowd. The bleachers are filled with kids around her age. She recognizes a couple of them from around the neighborhood. One of the girls was in her homeroom class a couple of years ago, and now she’s holding a newborn. The thought of being in her situation sends goosebumps down her arms. Yet another thing she can thank Cas for. When she was twelve, he pulled her aside and gave her a talk that terrified her. He gave her the honest, no punches pulled version of what could happen to teen girls who didn’t protect themselves. It had made an impression.
“Oh, god.” Dean drops his head in his hands.
Not only them, but those families already tucked away warmly in their homes. Every house he passes offers a peek into their lives through too thin or absent curtains. The McMannis family, plus several guests, are still idling around their dining table, laughing at tall tales and getting progressively louder to be heard over the boozy loss of inhibitions. The Fitzpatricks are snuggled onto their couch, children in their footy pajamas, the spastic light of the television flickering over faces filled with fond nostalgia.
He huffs out a laugh. “It’s not a question of his loyalty, Dean. He will be loyal...until his eye wanders off on a new adventure, a new conquest. I’ve seen it happen over and over again. He will sweep in with his intensity and passion and take over your world. Being at the center of his storm is a transcendent experience.”
He inches closer to his boyfriend, until there are just millimeters separating them. He smiles on a breathy exhale. “It’s been so long since we’ve been together, I think I was starting to forget some of your details.”
Cas pores over the map, blissfully unaware of how much of his giddiness is bleeding through as he identifies one gallery after another that he is dying to visit. Dean’s chest aches at how easy it is to make Cas so happy. One small gesture, nothing more than taking an interest in him and what he enjoys, and he’s ecstatic. Dean makes a mental note to find anything and everything that will cause his face to light up like this.
What had really inspired his compliance were the gifts of Cas’s time and attention; gifts that showed he paid attention to Dean. Two days ago, for instance, Dean had returned to their chambers tired and in a foul mood after a frustrating training session. One look at him, and Cas seemed to know exactly what he needed. The prince had begged out of a party he was supposed to host, had dinner brought up to the observatory, and hand fed him. When they were full, Cas read to him from a raunchy comedy while stroking his fingers through Dean’s hair. By the time they retired for the evening, Dean was full and content, forgetting his earlier mood.
He sets the phone down with a sigh. He doesn’t know what to think about her. Did he really marry her? Why would he have done that?
“Could you be a little more specific?”
When Alexander returns, Dean feels relief, thinking that Cas will share the burden with his brother. Instead, Cas becomes more withdrawn, more intent on forcing answers from those who don’t have them.
Cas does and notices the powerful grip Dean has on it immediately. He’s clutching it to him like a life raft. Dean’s trembling doesn’t let up, and he is forcing long, deep breaths into and out of his lungs. Something isn’t right.
Dean leans his head on Cas’s shoulder, making eye contact. “That’s because you don’t have all of the information.”
Dean’s heart is speeding up at the thought of sharing this secret. “I don’t think it was a dream,” he admits quietly.
“Here, let me help.” Bart whispers in his ear, the words almost lost to the annoying hum in his skull. One of his free arms comes up around Cas’s neck and starts to tighten. At first, it just tips his head up and makes his eye sockets join in the ‘woosh, woosh’ throb of his heart. He almost welcomes the imminent, blissful black of sleep as an escape from the pain. It would definitely be easier than remembering this vile hour, than being present for the ultimate insult to his body and his spirit.
"No. It’s really fucking sexy, to be honest. I just never thought anyone would want to do that."
Dean is still chained to the rings in the wall, but in his weariness, had slumped to the floor. Unfortunately, the chains on his wrists are too short for him to be able to lie down. His arms are dangling above shoulder level, head leaning towards the wall for rough support.
“Did someone hit you?” The words come out without thinking,worry taking precedence over whatever else he’s feeling for Cas at the moment. He’s out of his chair and sitting beside Cas in a breath.
“Is that the only thing tying them together?”
“We bonded over our shitty fathers.”
Dean crosses his arms over his chest, which Cas reads as the closed off posture it is. He pops a bite of dried plum into his mouth while he thinks.
“Yeah, and I think this is probably the most fascinating part.” Pulling Cas’s thesis out from the stack and handing it to him, he watches for any sign of distress. Instead, Cas is instantly engaged.
Looks of confusion dart around the table. Dean is happy to clarify. “We’re dating and my father isn’t thrilled about it.”
Sorin comes further into the room and sits across from him. “It’s the damnedest thing, sir. I found several of the employees at the castle willing to speak with me, and they all confirmed what you were told. There are no prisoners being held at Peleş”
Sam scoffs. “This is Dean we’re talking about.”
Cas keeps pushing him away, and Dean keeps returning for more. “I can deal with this on my own!”
“We already discussed this, Cas. Neither of us is ready for that.”
Dean smiles. “I saw an injustice being done, so I acted for the greater good. I had a hundred nazis very upset with me, and Krushnic’s name protected me from their vengeance.”
“He won’t let it go that easily. If I hand you over to him, he will do something to-”
Getting even closer, John says in a warning, “I think we both know who’s calling in the favor.”
băiat dulce= sweet boy
With just a look, they are able to communicate so much. Dean asks her, “How about you come to see us next weekend?”
“Wha-what is that?”
Running the lightest of touches down Dean’s arms makes him shiver. “Another time, I will lay you out on our bed and massage every one of these beautiful muscles to complete relaxation.”
The moment holds, wavers, and Cas breaks it by pulling Dean to him roughly. Language is meaningless. They communicate everything with their fingers, lips, and tongues. Soft sounds escape; whimpers, gasps, moans.
“How are we in Indonesia, Dean? We were just in Oregon.”
A slow grin eases onto Dean’s face. He shakes his head no without taking his eyes from Cas.
After the humiliating public rebuff of his affection, Castiel decides to get properly drunk and forget most of the dreary night. He receives pointedly nasty glares from Michael throughout dinner. Cas doesn’t have a fuck to give.
Dean nods and takes him out into the lagoon. Cas watches him shift, feeling a tickle of magic in the water around them. Dean hasn’t taken his eyes off Cas during the process, obviously not trusting his reaction yet. Once he’s satisfied that Cas isn’t going to run away screaming, he raises a tentacle out of the water, letting Cas tentatively touch the slick skin.
“So, you drew them as a pair? They aren’t near each other in the book.”
Dean grins then. “My god, the horror!”
“Which is exactly what I tell him every day,” he calls over his shoulder. “You’ve met your brother, though, so you can imagine how well he listens.”
With his head tilted and eyes narrowed, he contemplates what to do about Dean. Still without acknowledging Dean’s comments, Cas climbs into the bed, fussing with the pillows until he has them situated so he can sit propped against the headboard. He holds a hand up in invitation.
Cas takes a step back at that admission. Dean’s pockets are even deeper than he thought. They seem to be as deep as the abyss. The surreal feeling of not being in his own body is starting to overtake him; a sure sign of an oncoming panic attack.
Biting his lip, Cas thinks. Dean chuckles and picks him up. Cas’s legs wind around his waist automatically.
Cas nods and opens his eyes. “Look at me, Cas.” Dean leans back just enough for them to see the rest of his body. Dean’s cock is hard and so close to Cas’s own erection that he has to bite back a whine. “Do you know how good it would feel to rub against you? To feel your gorgeous cock on me? In me?”
Cas nods in agreement.
Dean is lost again. “Quel?”
Cas pulls his jeans back up on his way to the kitchen. He’d chosen glass for its ability to retain temperature, and as he washes it thoroughly, it heats up.
He and Cas lock gazes, neither of them ready to leave the other. Dean feels the moment stretch, and he wants so much more. He wants more time with Cas. He wants...everything they didn’t have before. Because he can’t help but say the words, Dean tells him earnestly, “Mă gândesc la tine.”
“Let you do what?”
Dean seems to be processing, but he doesn’t ask another question. Cas decides to prompt. “Is that all you wanted to ask?”
Cas comes to a halt when he sees Dean leaning against a table by the tub. His arms are crossed in challenge. Okay, then. Apparently, they are going to talk now. While one of them is naked. Excellent. He wouldn’t normally take issue with being naked in front of Dean. He revels in the dark look in those wide eyes; the desire evident on his face. It is counterproductive, though. Just a few hours ago, Dean told him that he was the only man he had ever felt attraction to, but that he couldn’t act on it…after Dean had kissed him like the taste of the prince was the only thing keeping him alive. The young soldier needs time to sort out whatever is holding him back. Flaunting his body is not a good idea.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean exhales, not quite prepared for the visual that question induces. He pants out jagged breaths, as Cas leans in closer to his ear.
“Do you want to go back to your place tonight?” Dean asks when they are walking back to his car. “We haven’t been there in a while.”
Every indignant face in the room is watching him now. He remains seated but explains calmly, “The coast is too far from any city. Supplies would take too long to be requested and delivered. You need to set up supply and troop outposts that can serve the entire coastal region.”
Alex flips a penknife as he listens, then stops abruptly to ask, “Why do you care?”
“Mmm. A man with priorities,” Dean agrees.
“I have something to ask, Master.”
When he did approach Alexander and Michael, he was sure to do so without Dean present. They were both their typical appalling selves, full of vile curses and innuendo for him. Alex had forced Castiel to bring Dean before him, which had gone better than he expected. The crown prince’s wits were considerably dulled by drink, so he failed to notice a lack of shackles on their prisoner. He did, however, notice rumors that Castiel and Dean were now sleeping in the same bed, and that they seemed to be quite friendly. Castiel endured all of the ribald jokes and was grateful that Dean couldn’t speak enough Romanian to understand them.
Dean sits up and crawls over, curling up against Cas’s side. He nuzzles against his jaw. “I am exactly where I want to be, Cas.”
“What the fuck is going on? Who is doing this to me?” Jimmy is close to having a panic attack.
Dr. Shurley comes running over in a froth, panic and anxiety bubbling over. Gently tugging at Dean’s arm to move him, he babbles, “Um, they can stay. It’s fine, it’s fine. Let them do whatever they want.”
“Listen, Rapunzel. I was trying to be polite before. Now I’m telling you that I’m leaving with or without your permission.”
Nothing. Nothing happens. He’s still here. No. Dean closes the book and his eyes. ‘Please. Let it happen again,’ he prays. When he tries it again, belief is in every cell of his body. Still nothing. He is gaping at the book in disappointment.
“To make sure we didn’t leave anything behind.”
“I don’t know,” he whispers. “I just...need. I need more, Dean.”
He relents and shifts his cock away from Dean’s prostate when he’s about to become overstimulated. Now that he’s letting Dean come down, Cas watches him collapse into the afterglow. The sated, glassy-eyed smile Dean gives him sends him racing toward his own release. With an evil grin, Cas takes Dean’s cock in hand and starts pumping it in time with his thrusts. “Can you believe that we’ve neglected this beautiful cock?” he teases.
He shakes off the instinct to devour Dean and says, “Let’s take these pictures quickly.”
Correcting him gently, Cas replies, “Oh, Dean, I think you got the numbers mixed up. Remember that a thousand is ten groups of one hundred.”
The peace of the moment is broken by Cas’s phone. Typically, he would ignore it, but he springs up to answer by the second ring. He’s been waiting for this call. He speaks quietly, but enthusiastically, and Dean’s curiosity is beyond piqued.
Shock and mortification race through him as Dean’s eyes scan over his body intensely. His fingers sweep up Cas’s thigh, but his eyes are pinned to the obvious erection. His cock is straining over his stomach, with a flushed head that is wet at the tip. There is no denying his arousal.
Dean writhes in his lap, his body instinctively pushing back into Cas just as he pumps forward. They both lose themselves in those marvelous sensations for several minutes. The rhythm blacks out everything else.
The praise makes Dean smile, and he lets his mouth go slack as Cas picks up the pace. Breathy, pleased sounds leak out of him as Cas rushes toward his climax. Knowing that he can’t come gives him a strange sort of freedom and clarity. He focuses on listening to Cas; tries to feel what he must be feeling. Whatever it is must be divine because Cas is caught in a litany of curses and praise.
“More?” Cas questions, hovering just above his skin, not to tease, but to be sure he’s on the right track. “Fuck, yes. Please... Please, Cas!”
There are moments in life that become lasting memories, and you wonder: why that particular day? Why that moment?  What was so special about it that my mind chose to never let it go? Some moments, though, you know as they’re happening that they will be precious; put on the highest shelf and taken down to admire when you need a little warmth and happiness. This windows-down, sunshine drive with Cas; this ridiculous game played to the soundtrack of classic rock, car horns, and easy laughter will forever be etched on his heart and in his mind.
Dean lazily ran his finger over Cas’ first scar on his side where they had taken the first piece of him 3 years prior. Cas’ first donation was one of his kidneys. Which it was something that he could live without and didn't have any lasting effects from. He was the same person and the surgery hadn't changed that.
He felt the tight sensation in his lower belly getting tighter and he knows he’s close. He can tell that their rhythm is faltering. Cas moving faster than he is. He can tell that Cas is on the edge too by how his moans become shorter and louder. By
I decided to look up and I felt like my heart was working twice as hard. He moved closer and I thought if I happened to pass out, it would be justifiable.
That day, I packed up all of my stuff, and I moved to Lawrence, Kansas to go live with Tessa.
I love that you’re just the slightest bit taller than me.
If it were anyone else I’d think it was a joke, but with him, I knew he was being serious.
He hasn't dated anyone since freshman year of college so we joke about it, even though there’s nothing wrong with it.
So I’m not going to be doing that again.
I didn’t eat the extra apple or sandwich. I would sometimes give them to Benny, or my new friend Kevin. Or just toss them. I couldn’t risk sneaking the sandwich to Sammy because he would start asking my mom questions about why she had packed him three sandwiches and I couldn’t have that.
But I didn't say any of that.
I should have seen this big news coming, he had been acting kind of weird since we had all gotten there.
It was funny, while we were at this club, this couple asked if we wanted to have a foursome. Castiel politely declined, which to be honest, I didn't expect. Since you know he’s all about “experiences” and all. If you would've asked me in high school, I would have agreed without a second thought, but now, I don't want to share Cas. Thought Cas was going to say the same thing, but he said they weren't his type...
When we got to the hotel, I checked us in and we just sat there in the car for a little bit. Then he looked over at me with these eyes that I didn't even recognize. His bright blue eyes that I had fallen in love with were dull.
Things were a bit hazy after that.
The only thing that hasn't been going great is the fact that I’ve lost 10 pounds since the season started at the beginning of the month.
The fact that Cas is more experienced than me came in handy. Once I got the hang of it, it felt real nice. Never thought I would’ve been into dirty talk before I met Cas but holy shit. I was pretty much done for when he started talking in my ear.
He told me later that he got tungsten specifically because it reminded him of my stubbornness. When he’s just as stubborn...
Dear Future Me,
When I was done, things were quiet between us. She said it was a lot to think about. I was about to tell her that I was the same person that I was yesterday and the eating disorder hadn’t changed that, when I got an urgent call from Sammy telling me that he and Dad were picking me up. Dr. Walker called and said that I needed to go to the emergency room for some more tests and that they were waiting for me. I told Cassie and that I’d keep her posted.
You win some, you lose some.
I said again that I wasn't binging and purging, and added that- how could I if there was an hour bathroom hold after we ate?
I think two kids would be okay though, but we’ll see.
donation Cas and-” His voice broke as he tried to collect his thoughts. He wiped away a few more stray tears and bit his bottom lip.“It just- it wasn't supposed to be like this. I was supposed to go first. I was supposed to-”
I’m supposed to be picking out clothes for you. After a few days in the hospital, they’re finally releasing you. I found your letters on your desk in this cool letterbox so I thought I might write a letter to you. Don’t worry, I only read a few sentences from the first letter to understand what this was.
There are things I have not told you about me. Things that I don't like to talk about.
It took him a little while of silence before he actually started talking about his mom. His voice got really quiet and he didn't look at me the whole time. He also did something I hadn't seen in a while, he like turned in on himself. It’s hard to explain.
Well, he ended up winning that round too.
Oh and all of that basically times 2 when Dad thought I hadn't packed enough.
Sure...
He asked me how I had been feeling in general. I told him that I had been feeling okay but had been feeling a little tired since the wrestling season had started. Dad supplied that I had also been drinking a lot at dinner time on top of going to the bathroom a lot lately.
Cas even got someone to teach him how to make Baklava. I gotta say, it was pretty delicious.
Dean.
I didn't even want to go, but Cas thought it would be fun.
Cas asked me a couple of weeks before. We were out in the bunker just chilling and playing music. It was right after school and it was a little chilly but we had gotten banned from being in my room together. I was finishing up some math homework and Cas was lying down looking up at the sky.
Today we all went kayaking and my arms are killing me. Ended up running into Charlie’s boat a couple of times. She wasn't too happy. But it wasn't my fault, my boat had a mind of its own.
He wasn't lying when he said they were his favorite because he’s had one at least twice a week since joining us for lunch.
This monitor tells me my blood sugar every 5 minutes and sends the results to my phone. It’s able to show trends on this device. It's been interesting seeing what times I go lower and what times I go higher. It attaches to my arm, my stomach, leg if I wanted it to, and it's the size of a bandaid.
The car ride was quiet, except for Sammy babbling about Thanksgiving at Uncle Bobby’s and Aunt Ellen’s house. I’m hoping my cousin, Jo, will make a pie like she did last year. They live in South Dakota, so we take turns visiting each other. They have Thanksgiving, and we have Christmas. It was a 6-hour drive, so we usually stayed at least the day after Thanksgiving, and they came the night before Christmas.
Dad had to use the Impala that day, so Cas came to pick me up in his truck yesterday at around 7 pm. When I opened his car door, he handed me a can of diet Coke that said share a coke with Dean. A CAN OF DIET COKE.
I was at the store with Benny and we were getting him more resistance bands when I passed by a scale. I didn’t think much of it at first but that same night I couldn’t stop thinking about it. I think it was the fact that it looked like our old one.
It was freaking weird.
Anyway, it’s almost been a year since I was diagnosed with type 1.
After that, we went to my house, made out in the car for a little while before we went inside. One thing led to another, and then we ended up inside and in the shower, which I was pretty down for. I’ll try anything once. Nothing too fancy, just hand and blowjobs. It was pretty successful. Harder than it is on tv by the way.
This time it was me who was quiet. I couldn't give her the answer she wanted.
Journey also loves when we take her on walks. I think she just likes to be carried in the carrier. Those ergonomic…. Ergodynamic… whatever the fuck those things are called… those baby carriers are the best. We just started facing her away from us a couple of months ago when she started leaning back in the carrier more and I swear she’s on cloud 9.
I was sitting outside for lunch when I saw Castiel on his skateboard. I yelled his name and he completely wiped out. Ended up getting a nasty scrape on his knee. Felt kind of bad. Good thing I had some first aid stuff in my backpack. Even gave him two packs of Jelly Beans for good measure.
Ended up sucking it up and asking her about it myself before English.
She told me there were a ton of factors, but I didn’t cause my diabetes.
Went downhill from there. Sam told me what had happened because I couldn’t remember much other than this burning sensation everywhere. I passed out. Got glucagon in my thigh. Puked on Sammy (ha). Went to the hospital for a few days.
Dean remembered how Cas' face got all red.
“Huh?”
WHO DOESN'T LIKE BACON? I MEAN COME ON.
I thought it would be a great idea too... until she walked in with a very short bob yesterday.
I also figured the hottest month would be a good time to try it. The sites are always so goddamn itchy in the summer. I almost feel like ripping at my skin.
It’s been four years now, and this guilt that I feel, has gotten… better… is that even the right word? It has gotten better but sometimes it just hits me out of nowhere.
It may be weird that it's one of my favorite memories since that whole thing happened, but it was the first time I realized that I liked to cook.
And hearing his story, I didn't think he was broken either.
They lay there for a moment and whispered sweet nothings to each other in between dozing. Thinking about everything and thinking about nothing. Dean could still feel the light sting on his back and never wanted the feeling to go away.
Mom just laughed and told my Dad it was a sign to stop eating them, and told me to go scrub my teeth.
Yeah, that bad.
Sorry, I just had to add that part in.
Anyway, Sam’s been bugging me to take him to the store to get props for his Halloween costume.
I had also never felt more disappointed with myself in my life either.
Dear younger me, look at me now.
I don’t think for a while I believed that I had a problem. Even though everyone was telling me that it was a problem, I saw it as a normal routine. I thought that since my body didn't look sick, that I wasn't sick. Which was dangerous and had led to a lot of relapses in the beginning.
Cas and I just had our 4th wedding anniversary this past July. We got married on July 27th, 2024. The wedding was on a Saturday in December. We had been engaged for 2 years and out of college for a little more than a year and we both had just gotten jobs where we currently live in Lebanon and we just decided that fuck it, let’s just do the damn thing. I wanted to get married at the courthouse, but Cas wanted all the family and friends to be there. Took about all of January and February to plan the damn thing… well, it took so long because Cas was very indecisive. We decided to have the wedding in Lawrence even though we lived in Lebanon. A lot of family and friends lived close to the area so most of them were able to come.
I gotta say, seeing you in that hospital bed was really scary. You hadn’t been hooked up to that many tubes since that one December when we found out about your eating disorder. Once we got word from your doctor that you were going to be okay, I finally fully relaxed.
Cas said that he was applying for colleges and told me that I should apply too. At a point in my life, I wasn't even considering ever going to college. That was also around the same time where I cared more about calories than anything else. So, I figured what the hell, it wouldn't hurt if I applied.
Kevin said something about an MIT school. Charlie said she wasn't feeling the whole “college thing” and was going to work right after college. Benny told her hacking computers wasn't a real job and she gave him the middle finger and said “but coding is”.
I said no.
He also asked if I wasn't sure if this was a phase I was going through, and I was just confused.
They were his favorite after all.
The first step of the treatment process was to get my levels back to normal and keep tabs on my heart. After my hospital stay, I went to an inpatient program. That was for about two weeks, and after that, I went to outpatient for the next year. I still see my therapist Jody once a month which is an achievement because I used to see her daily, then weekly. I like her because she's not afraid to say tough things and to get me to think deeper. Those talks had some heavy shit in them.
We were having takeout and my Dad asked me how I’d been lately. And of course, I told him that I’d been fine. He then gave me this look and told me he knew that I was lying.
We ended up losing to Castiel’s team by six points. I was a little bummed because the Amulet that Sam got me, was my good luck charm. This necklace thing has helped me get at least a B on all my quizzes or tests since I got it. Well and one C+ on an art assignment, but I’ll take it.
But, even though I didn't tell them that, they still looked at me funny when I told them I had diabetes. They told me that they didn't know that younger people got that or that their grandpa had diabetes. My favorite one was when someone told me that I had the wrong type of diabetes... which, I don't know if either one is particularly right.
When I told my aunt about my mom’s visit she rushed over and just held me until I didn't have any more tears left. Aunt Tessa just kept saying it wasn't my fault.
Knowing that still didn’t make me feel any better.
I gotta say, it’s been really nice having that after tornado season.
At the end, She told us that she liked us and we were the couple in her dreams.
Sam finally spoke up and asked if I was dying.
And I’m not saying that I’ve forgotten who I was. All I’m saying is that the Dean now has come a long way.
You just ran out to get some take out. I told you to surprise me, but I know you’re going to get that one diner you’ve been eyeing for the last couple of days.
“That’s just it. What if you’re wrong about our souls?” He asked as he felt the all too familiar burn at the back of his throat. “What if it’s true what people say about us... that we don’t have them?”
I got a pretty good scholarship to K-State and Cas did too. My new roommate in the Fall is named Garth. All I know is that the guy likes werewolves. Cas’ roommate is named Mick. I believe he’s British.
I almost woke up at a perfect 100 on my CGM. I was at a 97. Heard someone call it a “unicorn”. I’m finding out that catching one of those sons of bitches is rare. Only caught one two other times.
Hello Dean,
The first day having to do the whole thing by myself was difficult. Actually it's been really difficult since I left the hospital. It’s also a good thing I’m good at math because I’ve had to do a lot of it since this whole thing started. Sometimes I forget to check in the morning, I pre-bolus either too much or too little. Also, I kept forgetting to bring the logbook to and from school so much that Dad finally told me to get an app. Made it easier.
Dinner went pretty much the same way. I went to bed early that night.
Anyway… I’m not really sure how to start this, but my name is obviously Dean Winchester. I am an Aquarius. I enjoy sunsets, long walks on the beach and I’ve never killed anyone.
Cas kind of got the short end of the stick, but it’s his own damn fault. He told me at the beginning of December that he wanted these winter boots so I was like “hell yeah I’ll get you those boots”. But last week, he was wearing the same boots that he told me to get him. He just said he forgot he told me.
At first, it felt really weird having this thing on the back of my arm that I had to change every few days. There’s this pod thing that attaches to my body that gives me insulin instead of me having to give myself needles. It came with this little device thing that looked like a phone. I tell the pump how many carbs I’ve eaten, and it gives me insulin for it.
We finally trained her to not cross the street without us. Best thing we could’ve ever taught her, besides play dead.
The loss was heavy, almost suffocating.
The conversation was a little less tense after the food came. I told him some recent stuff that had happened to me. We talked about random things, school, and life in general. He got married to that Layla girl that he was supposed to be married to when he was dating my mom. They never had any kids. Layla didn't want any and I’m guessing Michael hadn't pushed.
Let me start from the beginning.
Lastly, I love that you know all the things that I’ve gone through, and don't see me as that little scared kid.
I said “I know” and we went back to kissing.
Dean leans back to pull his jacket off and Cas struggles out of his coat too. Both get discarded on the floor as the men reattach like they’re starving without each other’s lips on their own.
Castiel has purposefully not signed up for any morning classes this semester so it should not surprise him that this car is there before him
“I know,” Castiel says.
Final week starts next week and Dean’s first final is Monday fucking morning because the universe hates him.
“I’ve done my sister’s makeup a few times. I used to be really twink-y back in high school,” Cas glimpses up to catch the surprised look on Dean’s face. He shrugs, “It was an aesthetic thing.”
“I’m not tutoring him anymore,” Castiel told her.
“I’m an introvert,” Castiel excuses lamely with a shrug and Dean sees it for the dismissal it is and knows prying isn’t welcome in this situation, so he leaves it.
“Whoops,” Cas mutters and accepts his beer from Dean. “Castiel.”
together, Cas doesn’t actually know that much about Dean.
Mom smiled in a warm mother-way, “It’s been a while since you two have had proper brother bonding time.”
The hostess puts menus down on each side of a table, and Sam is already pulling off his coat and sitting down before Dean notices.
“I know I’m not part of that scene, but you are, so I care! I tell you about new stands at the farmer’s market, but it’s not like you’re going to go to a farmer’s market three hours away! Or
to text him on a trip like that? Dean’s just a college student and yeah, he’s pretty hot but also a
Sam doesn’t reply.
Dean leans back in his chair, “Don’t worry about my grade, if there’s anything I’ve learned from four years of college it’s how to bullshit a paper.”
Castiel lies still for a good minute before rubbing a fist into his eye, and he is so goddamn adorable that Dean has to hide a grin behind his shoulder.
They walk downstairs, and while they make their way past the living room, Benny calls:
The catalyst is Charlie.
“Uh, shouldn’t you be helping your partner?” Cas asks, hoping the bitterness he feels doesn’t translate in his voice. He’s annoyed Dean and Meg are coupling up to make food and he’s annoyed that Dean is over here, wasting valuable alone time with Meg. He doesn’t understand what he’s playing at. Maybe he already won and got a date.
“Hey, Cas,” he smiles and he knows it’s awkward and his palms are already sweaty.
“Alright alright,” he mumbles but goes, with a low “bossy” sent over his shoulder.
“Ah,” Dean nods and looks at the floor and then at the soda vending machine that owes Dean $2.50. Should they still be conversing? Had this been a normal situation where a cute guy was talking to Dean he would have turned up the charm, would have tried to get his number. And boy, does Dean want this guy’s number. But it’s weird. He’d seem like a creep. He is a creep, he doesn’t know this guy; he just knows he looks good when he fucks.
Someone from the bayou is supposed to pick him up so Cas skims through the throng of people in the hall, people coming, leaving, waiting, and like Cas, looking lost.
“Sure, I’m your buffer,” she explained.
“We took that shitty elective together last semester, remember? Well, he saw us kiss before class, and he asked me about it,” Cas explains.
“Hey Dean?” he asked finally.
“Not if I see you first,” Cas says, kissing Dean a last time and finally turning to walk.
“So where
“This is Dean!” he tells the girl he was talking to, “He’s my boyfriend.”
Dean has already kissed him goodbye. Upstairs and inside in the hallway.
(See the end of the chapter for
This chapter might seem a little short but it got way too long and I decided to split it into two chapters. That should mean the wait for next one shouldn't be too long. Hopefully lol
Ash goes into Dean’s room while Dean gets beer from the kitchen. When he gets back Ash is sitting on the floor, back against the bed and has already fired up the first bowl.
Castiel fiddles with his napkin (it’s the thick kind, hard to tear, because this is a fancy place) and drops it in his lap, “A friend of mine suggested it. She tends to have good taste.”
“Uh, thanks.”
Dean bites the thin skin on Cas’ throat, gingerly. “Fuck,” he mumbles.
The cherub momentarily felt like he fit in when he noted that the hunter and the angel both were naked as well.
Just as Dean’s pants start getting tighter, his phone rings, and the pair springs apart.
“Not sure what I’d use a zoology degree for other than picking up cuties half my age,” she jokes, grinning at the screen as she scrolls on.
“I just don’t get spectacle. Like, Dracula, right? Pretty straight forward, no? Old undead dude is looking for his girlfriend,” Dean shrugs and takes a sip of his second beer since he got there , “How is it suddenly about penis envy and wombs?”
Ten minutes pass with Dean feeling sorry for himself before he gets his shit together. Cas was the one that just left without explanation in the middle of… well... important business. He’s the one who’s not talking, and who is confusing and, frankly, who owes Dean some fucking carefully chosen words.
Dean supposes that in terms of freak-outs it could have gone a lot worse.
“No,” Cas admits. “But I can.”
Sam’s popcorn.
Dean smiles awkwardly and mumbles a ‘nice to meet ya’ before he steers Castiel towards the exit, “Ready to go home?”
When he has finally gathered his senses enough, he says: “I thought you liked my apron.”
Castiel frowned. He didn’t want to fight with his best friend, “We
They worked silently for a while after that, only interrupted by a quick snack brought to them by Mary.
He has barely opened the pantry when Victor comes in, sweating and panting from a morning run.
“I’m sorry, baby,” he says, grasping Dean’s arm tenderly. “I forgot it’s 25 and up.”
“All the other classes were full,” Dean defends. Sam doesn’t bring up why Dean ensures full attendance in his least favorite class. He barely goes to the ones he actually likes. Dean can only be grateful because what’s he going to say?
This is barely edited so let me know if there are any mistakes that just can't be overlooked :)
Castiel rubs the edge of his napkin between his fingers before straightening it out, and huh, so even a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology can’t help you resist Winchester charm. It’s good to know.
How did Dean not see any of this?
“Shut the fuck up,” he said, pulling the sought-after Henley over his head and turning to look at himself in the mirror.
Dean is wearing kitten heels and he feels like a lesbian.
Dean spends the rest of the morning pacing the living room floor and checking bank statements until he has to leave for an 8am class.
“Right, yes, that was her. It was eventful but any time with Anna is. But I managed to turn in my written proposal in time.” He says the last part with a relieved smile.
Castiel made his way back over, not bothering to sit down since his turn was coming back up. “Dean, I would like to have sex with you tonight, if that appeals to you.” He said, voice regular, eyes wide and earnest and so stupid blue.
“Dude, what? We still have an hour left!” Dean said.
“The fuck you gonna do with a fashion degree?” Dean asks. He’s sitting at Charlie’s desk,
Almost.
The kid agrees apparently, snorting. “Right. So 18 years older than you. That’s not weird.”
“It was. It
Dean turns to Benny but he is being dragged away by one of the other guys. So Dean turns around to be met with quite the predatory look of the other guy.
Bobby calms down, “Listen, how ‘bout I make a trip down to you guys. I haven’t seen you in a while. Then we’ll figure something out, Dean. You ain’t quitting school.”
Dean smiles to himself when Cas doesn’t see him, and quickly makes his way to the counter, pulling out his wallet as he goes.
“No, not a prude. Just… You know,
At first Dean thinks the guy really is upset about the root beer being gone. He even contemplates offering him his cup for one split-second. He realizes the guy is joking when he salutes him with his cup of Mountain Dew.
Cas has never much been the partying type, and hadn’t been drunk many times in his life. And he’d only heard bad things about moonshine.
Castiel sighs. Dean may appreciate a luxurious shower, but he wasn’t much material beyond that. Besides, he’s much too independent.
“If we could eliminate the travel time, we’d see each other a lot more,” Castiel ponders out loud.
.  He really should’ve gotten the comp exam out of the way in his first year. Like Cas is doing.
“Hm?” Castiel looked at her.
“Why are you shitting all over this? I’ve never had a partner treat me better than Cas does. You
“Uh,” Dean looks at Cas. He’s not sure what the plan is. He’s not ready to leave Cas for the day, and it’s not like they haven’t spent the night together before but he’s never sure what Cas wants.
Gah, he’s so cheesy. He’ll never tell Cas about that thought.
“Oh thank god,” Gabriel clutches his metaphorical pearls. Castiel glares at him.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Boring. But sure. Please come home tomorrow.”
“Probably,” Sam shrugs. “He’s more perceptive than I am. And also you don’t shut the fuck up about him. Like ever.”
Before Dean can retaliate, Meg steps in:
“That’s a great idea!” Charlie agrees, “You can just leave it on his windshield! No beatings, no ignorance, no conflict at all,” she claps her hands together.
Castiel nodded once.
“I have a plan,” Castiel folded his hands in front of him on the table, for some reason ready to share the plan he’d made when he first moved to this town as a freshman, “I’m leaving this town when I graduate, and my mom can’t afford Harvard, but that’s where I intend to go. I will do the work, I will get the scholarships and I will study medicine.”
The girl giggles obnoxiously, “You staying on campus for the holidays?” she asks and Dean confirms. “Call me if you get cold,” she says with a wink and saunters off.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“So you don’t even wanna talk to him?” Charlie asked.
“Contouring your face is going to be so easy, you have the most chiseled features in the world,” Cas is brushing some cream all over Dean’s face. Again, he has no idea what it is.
Castiel exhales sharply. Doesn’t say anything.
They don’t have much, just that one glass. But it goes straight to Cas’ head and he feels giggly and light as Dean goofs off like they didn’t nearly die together a few hours ago.
“Listen, Cas isn’t like Carmen. He’s not gonna tell you funny stories or shit like that,” Dean says. He’s starting to regret inviting Cas. His friends don’t have a filter and what little filter they have is easily drunk off by alcohol. He doesn’t want Cas to be uncomfortable and he doesn’t want Cas to think that Dean has been telling everything he’s said to his friends, because he’s been very careful with that. Cas is a private person and Dean gets that.
“Wow-wait, what the fuck?!” Jo interrupts them, hands held out in a ‘hold the fuck up’ gesture.
And that was when Dean realized he’d drunk all his coffee and let Aaron’s go cold, and he really had to get back to his work. They’d parted with promises of texts to settle on a date and time.
“I know this is a terrible thing to say about family, but I wish he’d just leave us alone,” Sam mutters. Part of Dean almost wants to tell Sam off for saying that about Dad. He figures that’s a testament to their father’s great skill at manipulation.
Cas’ fingers bend in just the right way and Dean’s groan is muffled by his biting of his lip. Castiel latches onto Dean’s neck again.
He parked his bike outside the library and sat down on the same step he’d sat on last Monday. He pulled his phone out, but Castiel hadn’t texted him so Dean figured he was running late again. Dean ran a hand down his leggings clad calf. There was still some faded dirt on the one leg from the outside run a few days ago. He was wearing a pair of loose shorts over them, since he did not see any point in going home to change into gym clothes and Benny was picking him up at the library at 12pm anyway.
Dean kisses Cas goodbye about a trillion times when he drops him off, and has never had a harder time saying no to staying over. But he has class first thing in the morning, and he needs to unpack and prepare.
Castiel chuckles, “Is that the new hashtag?”
“So what exactly is the plan? You’re gonna barge in mid-show and declare your grand gay love?” Charlie asked, leaning over the shoulder of Castiel’s seat in shotgun from where she was sitting in the backseat.
That was how they found themselves sitting shoulder to shoulder, hip to hip on Dean’s bed, watching a movie on his laptop, which wasn't exactly a
Castiel blushes and swallows hard around half a fry, “I uh… It’s not exactly a positive social environment. I don’t have much in common with the people I work with.”
At the university it is not actually possible for the students to formally reserve parking spots. That does not mean, however, that the students do not reserve parking spots.
Dean thuds his head against Cas’ shoulder, “How did this happen?”
Dean’s been fucked in bathrooms before. Well, this exact one by this exact wonderful man, but before that too. He’d never found it hot; it had always been desperate and left Dean feeling dirty and worthless but it was never like that with Cas.
The game disperses after that when a fight breaks out over the chooser picking a card that didn’t even start with a B, and Cas and Dean find themselves outside on the front porch after that.
Ash shrugs, “I was glad you called. I’m just disappointed you’re not even putting out. It’s still nice catching up though.” He says it lightheartedly and Dean could kiss him for not being pissed about this. Dean would’ve been.
“Right. That probably earns you all sorts of badass points with the students, eh?” Dean says and there’s a glint in his eye when Castiel looks at him. He tries not to. He’s been in North Carolina for this same purpose - alligators, not cute boys in their early twenties (if even that). He’s supposed to take this time to take in the surroundings, the milieu.
