"Aw, isn't that sweet?" Rhodey asked and slapped his shoulder. "You're a stay-at-home dad, Tones."
She huffed. "
Tony nodded and pulled at his tie, loosening it before he pulled it over his head, and he dropped it on the floor and began the walk down to the bathroom, dropping his clothes on the floor along the way.
He shrugged some. "Well, mostly because she
"You heard the story about 'fondue,' right?" He snapped his fingers. "J, remind me to have a fondue party when the Cap gets back. Been a few days since I trolled him about anything."
"Fuck's sake, Steve, stop blaming yourself!" Tony yelled, his voice cracking from the changed pitch. God, he hated what he sounded like as a woman. As he'd discovered the first time it had happened, he tended to get screechy when he got excited. "This is no one's fault but hers! She— She's nuts. There's no reasoning with crazy people. This was what she always intended. She thinks we're soul mates, and she thinks, as soul mates, we're supposed to be fruitful and multiply. I wouldn't be a bit surprised if the reason we were so goddamned horny for each other was because it was part of the spell — to make sure this—" he motioned down at himself once more, "— happened."
Thor took a breath. "Because, to the Goddess, there is no greater manifestation of the union between two bondeds than to conceive a child together. It was actually considered the utmost honor to be blessed in such a way by the Goddess. There are many across the galaxy that could only wish to have the Goddess Esmeralda bless them so and would envy you greatly for that which she has bestowed upon you."
easily. And Steve…
But god, did it hit him somewhere right behind the arc reactor when he thought about that.
Steve sighed and dropped his head, bumping his forehead against Tony's as he shifted his arms to put his hands to Tony's shoulders. With his thumbs, he toyed with the crocheted sleeves of Tony's shirt and said, "Of
"God, I love you," Tony breathed out.
"Steve, I can still make some of my own choices. Let me make this one."
She hummed again and continued to play with the tendrils of his hair. He tried to swat her hand away, but he suddenly seemed to lack both the coordination and the energy.
"Whatever," he muttered as his phone buzzed. He handed the baby back off to Tony and checked it. "Hill wants me down there." He pocketed the phone again and said, "Uh, are we OK? I know you said we have to — and I
He just nodded, and Steve squeezed his shoulder and made his way toward the kitchen, leaving Rhodey in the living room with Tony for the time being. Rhodey turned his attention to him, and there was nothing but contempt written over his face as he said, "I don't know what you think you're doing or
"Kinda," he muttered and glanced down. "I should be contributing...something. I shouldn't just be living off of Tony."
"That is a lie. I am ferocious and intimidating."
It wasn't 'White Christmas.'
He dropped his hands from Tony's belly, and Tony tipped his head forward and rested it against the hands that braced the headboard. God, that was no fair. That was no fucking fair. He was so
So, no, he didn't know how long he was down in the lab. Food seemed to appear whenever he realized he was hungry, and he had a bathroom down there to clean up in when the occasion called for it, but for all he knew, he'd been down there a week straight working on stuff when JARVIS intoned from on high, "
"What? That I have a responsibility to take care of her? To provide for her? To protect her? To make sure she's OK? Come on, you really think we have the technology to send her back to where she comes from? We're years away from that! Barring something falling right into our laps, she's here for the duration, and what am I supposed to do? Abandon her? Put her up for adoption? Throw her into the system? She... She loves me, Jim. She trusts me. She looks up to me. This isn't the way I looked at my father. She's not desperately looking for any way to make me pay attention to her, to get me to say,
Bruce nodded and twirled a string of melted cheese around his finger as Olivia clambered up onto one of the chairs and held a plate out to Tony.
Barnes had moved closer to him by this point, close enough that he could glance down and ponder over what Tony was doing, and as Tony sat there and stewed in his indignation that the gang of miscreants — and Rhodey,
"Is it
Olivia — his
It had been Hydra. They'd found that out back when they'd been on the run. Hydra had had his parents killed — or at least his father. His mother was the quintessential innocent bystander caught in the fray, but his father was the target. For what reason, he didn't know and wasn't sure he'd ever know, but Hydra had been the ones to do it. Not Howard.
The cab arrived at their destination sooner than he thought it would, and Steve swiped his card to pay for the ride then got out, taking Tony by the hand and pulling him with him just as a group of twenty-somethings with too much money and too little responsibility jumped into the vacated car. Tony adjusted his sunglasses and, blonde hair falling over his shoulders, led the way into the office building that housed the doctor's offices. Steve slunk right alongside of him, hands in his pockets and goofy look on his face. Seeing this, he couldn't help but roll his eyes and wonder why
"—probably one of the first times after New York that we went out as a team. Had to call a 'Code Green' — that's what we call it when we have to call in the big guy — and, uh, afterward, Bruce was…having a bit of a hard time coming down from it. Wanted to know if he'd hurt anyone."
Tony cringed. It sounded so…wrong…when put that way.
"All right, Tony," Bruce said as he poised the wand above Tony's abdomen. "This is probably going to feel a little funny. Try not to move too much."
"Maria."
So, the ranks of the Avengers began to grow, increasing the size of that family, but he also had something he'd always wanted but was never sure he'd get: a family of his own.
"I think this one's going to be the test," Tony said and handed the final photo over. Natasha again took it and looked it over, and she flipped it over and read over the script that was written there.
"Oh." Tony sat a little straighter and brightened. "I think we should go whole-hog. Someplace nice where we can get dressed up."
"Like an actual non-asshole human being? Yeah, I—"
which Tony took to be the sister in the photo.
"With who?" Hill asked.
"You threw up last week."
"I'll just assume your idiocy is due to you being straight-as-an-arrow. But you have to at least objectively be able to admit that Cap is physically very appealing. His disposition could use a little work. I mean, it's a shame that such a pretty package has to have such a cold and impersonal and bitter inside. I almost want to say that he doesn't
"Bull. Shit," Barton said. "You're trying to sneak out— And before we've even had dessert!" He motioned over to Hill. "She went all the way to Brooklyn to get…whatever the hell it is she brought."
The elevator stopped at the penthouse floor, and the doors slid open. "What are you talking about? I've got you, so right away, I've got a doctor and I've got drugs."
"So, where exactly 'upstate' are we going?" he asked when the George Washington Bridge first came into view.
"So…then why come?"
give Thor a serious look.
Steve just smiled a little and shook his head then pointed at Tony's plate and said, "I'm not going to tell you again. Eat."
Tony nodded at the crib. "She wakes up, you deal with her. And she is
Tony opened his mouth to say,
Pepper just continued to give him that sad, remorseful look, and she moved her hands from his belly and reached out to take his hands in hers. She gave them a squeeze and murmured, "It's OK to be sad about it, you know."
"Have you ever actually said 'I come in peace'?"
He pocketed the phone again, and Steve said, "I still don't want to encourage them by helping to add 'hits' to the sites that post it. That was a candid photo taken at an inopportune moment and disseminated by someone that won't have to live with the consequences."
Natasha checked her phone and slipped it into the back pocket of her jeans. "Sure. We got along back when I worked at SI, and now that you're out of the picture, we get along even better."
," in that voice he had when he was displeased with a situation and closed the door behind him.
"Like a whiny, annoying, pain-in-the-ass."
"Nothing," Natasha said without looking up from her tablet, but Barnes glanced away and wouldn't meet his gaze. He stared at Barnes a moment longer then turned back to Natasha.
have a few bucks, but marital assets and all that, so,
was he?
He continued to push the spaghetti around his plate, and Tony watched him in quiet consideration a moment before he said, "I always thought it was just the people that you missed, but it's the places, too."
Hands braced on Steve's firm biceps, he canted his hips against Steve's, and Steve reached a hand out and rubbed his finger against the slight engorgement of Tony's clit. He gasped, not meaning to, and Steve grinned and rubbed his finger a little harder and said, "One of these days, I'm going to take you apart piece by piece until you're nothing but a mess of nerves begging for me to just let you come already."
But Tony just looked at him — at the soft concern of his crystalline blue eyes, the part of his full lips, the way his shirt just seemed to...perfectly fit that gorgeous, firm torso he had — and, remembering exactly what had happened right before he'd felt that motion, said, "Kiss me."
," Barton said, "
that the kingdom would fall into disarray and turmoil. It has been not even forty years since the late King Howard unified the country under his rule. His son shows little interest in sowing the seeds of his family's continued rule."
Bruce just looked at him and said, "Do you really want to know that?"
Tony enjoyed fine dining like everyone else. He enjoyed expensive wines (or he did) and upscale restaurants and exclusive lists as he'd become accustomed to after forty years of living the life of a pampered prince and then, once he got older, as one of the wealthiest men in the world.
He groaned and rolled his eyes, and DUM-E lowered his arm and went back to rolling the ball of paper on the desk.
He took the tissue from her and followed her advice, and once he'd gotten hold of his emotions again, he glared down at his abdomen and said, "This is all your fault!"
It was your birthday today, wasn't it?"
He dragged Steve down to the lab over his protests that he really had to go get changed and get on the 'jet, but Tony just pulled him over to his worktable and picked up the virtual interface he'd been playing with for a while and slid it over his head.
"I might be, Tony. That's why I said go to an actual medical professional that does this on a regular—"
us from the city. Hell, he evidently followed us from that shithole of a former Soviet satellite."
“Oh, right, yeah. Fuck you, old man.”
you ask that question?"
"I didn't say that."
He dunked the fry and said, "Always like to have something in your mouth, don't you? Something
How come? Why doesn't Daddy wan' me t' know?"
"I take it," Thor said, drawing Steve's attention away from Tony, "this is a time-honored tradition with you that even goes back to your youth?"
was the one Steve loved and wanted to mark.
, uh, were her 'Daddy.'"
Bucky 'tsked' and shook his head. "Doesn't even get the evening off."
than with a rich Manhattanite."
Tony stopped and turned back to him. "What? Whoa—
Tony sighed and motioned at the TV as Bruce and Rhodey groaned and slumped into their chosen pieces of furniture. "It doesn't exist yet!" he finally cried out.
He shrugged. "Well, I'm not often wrong about stuff—"
He dropped his hand and looked at Tony. "That, coupled with the fact that you're healing a
Barnes snorted a laugh and shook his head a little before he went back to the potatoes. "Not a goddamned thing. Most I can say is I'm not surprised they all splintered into different groups. They might all share the philosophy, but everyone wants to be top dog. Are these done yet? I told you, I can't
didn't knock me up—"
Steve looked between them. "What are you talking about?"
Tony dug a spoon into the gelato and paused before sticking it in his mouth. "I'm sorry. It is the most disgusting time of year, I have a twenty-pound weight strapped to my front, I haven't been able to see my feet since the beginning of May, am I
Bruce was the one to shake his head and sadly lament, "How do you confuse
"Could you imagine if we didn't? How we'd be dancing around each other?"
They went in and tangled with the bad guys. He took a couple of bad hits to the suit, which were going to be a pisser to fix, Barton got singed on the arm, which was more painful than actually harmful to him, Natasha almost broke her leg but instead just ended up spraining her wrist, Hulk went a little rampage-y and almost didn't respond to Natasha's lullaby, which wasn't nearly as effective as usual because she was cringing through the ache of her wrist that she was convinced at the time was broken, and Thor…scratched his cheek. Fucking space god.
Tony slipped his glasses over his eyes and said, "None of your business, but if you must know…" He grinned. "It's a surprise for Steve."
with this. Part of the spell. I couldn't get rid of this if I wanted to — not without killing myself. It's some weird, messed-up thing that I really don't want to think too much about. And it's not like we sought her out, OK? We didn't just say, 'Hey, Thor. We want to have our own kid. Know anyone that could perform some witchy voodoo on us?' She sought us out. It's her thing. She's dead now, so, there's no one left to turn me back."
, Jim. And I don't mean the kind that cross the border from Mexico. I flew through a portal suspended two hundred feet above my roof—" He swallowed the nerves and the bile that plagued him at that thought. Later. He could do his freak-out later. "I fought side- by-side with a god of Norse mythology. Is an alternate universe really all that far-fetched in comparison?"
Something flashed in Stark’s eyes, something fierce and something wanton, and Stark swallowed and drew himself up to his full height — several inches below Steve’s, but he had to give the guy credit for trying — and said, “And what might you be insinuating by that?”
"You know, I'm kind of wondering if Brucie and I can recreate in a laboratory."
"None that we've caught so far," Tony said with a shrug, and he could say that definitively because Doctor Ganford, who had recently made a house call to the Tower to give Tony a quick look-over (and then marveled at how quickly Tony was recovering from childbirth), had brought along a trusted pediatrician friend from her group, who set to examining Olivia while Tony and Steve nervously looked on. At the end of the exam, she announced with no small amount of amazement in her voice, "This is probably the most textbook-perfect baby I have ever examined."
Tony snuggled closer to him. "Yeah, well, first let me see how terrifying it is giving birth to this one and I'll let you know. Fuck, I can't believe those words are coming out of my mouth."
"I'm serious," the guy said, pushing even closer, if that was possible, rolling his hips some and breathing the words into Tony's ear. "I know how to make my partners feel
"Yeah, no kidding," Jim muttered. "I remember New York."
Tony shrugged and set that small, black device down. "I don't know if I can answer that. The most I can say is that when it comes to you and I and the things we've seen on and done to each other, there's really no stone left unturned. Maybe some of that's muscle memory on your part. I don't know. Not the worst side I've seen of you, at any rate."
"Tony, you know—"
Rhodey just shook his head in disbelief. "This is… You know, I expected this from at least half — if not more — of Tony's other lovers, but you, Cap? I really expected more from you."
Barnes snorted out the most obnoxious laugh going, and when Tony raised an eyebrow at him, he put his hands up in a sort of surrender and said, "I was not part of that. It's funny, but I wasn't part of that brain trust. You used it yet?"
Tony just smiled some and snorted a laugh. "Yeah, breaking the law is OK when he does it."
Steve just nodded, and Tony stood up and said, "Come on. I'm starving."
FYI: some D/s talk in this one by people that don't really have experience in it. Also maybe a little NSFW for a 'self-love' scene with Steve. Huh. I write him doing that a lot for some reason...
"But this isn't about me being a teammate, is it,
He was answered with silence, and he frowned and said, "J, is Steve still in the penthouse?"
"Honey, if Thor said it was a ruse and she was full of shit, you know I wouldn't care. But he is a hundred percent positive that she's telling the truth—"
Natasha's confusion morphed into pity, and she frowned and reached out a hand to rub his back. "Honey, it— I know you don't want—"
child," he muttered and shot a pointed look at Steve.
"Oh?" Tony shrugged and walked his fingers over Steve's firm abdomen. "Not a catch. Just a promise."
Tony blew out a breath. "Uh,
Other Tony shrugged. "Really the weirdest thing you've ever heard of?"
" Rhodey asked and looked at Tony in confusion.
"You're never going to be able to top this," Steve said and winced a little as a couple of sparks hit him.
Tony sighed out a breath that sounded a lot like a groan and fumbled for what to do with his hands before he decided on hugging his arms around his waist.
"I think it's completely because Pepper walked out on you."
A face that matched the one engraved in the ring on his finger.
Tony stopped mid-chew and stared at him a moment then said, "You want some?"
He knew Steve didn't think of
Seven-thirty.
That was the Cap.
"You had no problem sharing your sandwich with me."
Jim just nodded, and Bucky sighed and said, "All right, this is the last time I'm gonna ask. Give me that baby."
Steve smiled at him. "Feeling better?"
"Oh, thank god," he muttered. Someone else for his side, even if—
"Yeah, well," Tony said, scraping his plate of the last few morsels of chocolate. "That was the whole point of this exercise, wasn't it?"
He sat down at the computer and logged in, and he tried to read the specs that were on the screen for the Mark…XVI? Is that what it was? But the screen was blurry, and he kept blinking and trying to read what was there, but the blinking wasn't doing much to help him. It was only when he felt wetness on his cheeks that he realized what was happening to him, and he reached up and brushed the stray, stubborn tears away and said, "Not one word about this to anyone, J. Understand?"
"Wait, what?" Tony asked, some funny and nervous pang hitting him square in the chest.
," Barton said followed by another 'thwop.' "
"OK, we'll talk about it later," he decided at Steve's silence on the matter. "Hey, question. Where'd all this food come from?"
Steve rolled his eyes as Tony pushed a mug over to him. "I think she needs some teeth before she can chow down on a steak."
He just shook his head and tried not to laugh, and Rhodey frowned and said, "Wait, what?"
"What did I
Barnes and Wilson shrugged, and Rhodey said, "Look, Tones, you and Steve said you didn't want to know. You wanted to be surprised."
"She's got brown eyes," Hill said as Tony settled back with her.
"More or less," Tony said, but there was a smile on his lips. "You seem to tell me 'no' a hell of a lot less."
, he realized as Steve returned, slurping down his own glass of punch as he handed one over to Tony. Tony took it and nodded his thanks, and after Steve had drained half his glass, he smiled a little sheepishly and said, "You're not mad at me, are you?"
"When you said you met future me, um, which
The previous anger with himself coming back to the forefront of his mind, he stormed into the kitchen and then began to bang pots and pans and various other apparatus around as he looked for something to make himself. Fuck Steve. If he was hungry, he could burn or boil something himself.
"That," Tony said and motioned with a doughnut in the direction of their departed comrades. "I'm serious. They practically
Tony blinked, stopping in his tracks. "Are you—?" He looked first to Bruce and then to Steve. "Did she—?"
Tony was quiet a moment, and he glanced away from Steve as he admitted, "I…probably would make fun of you for the rest of your life." He glanced back to him again and added, "Look,
" Pepper cried, clearly exasperated by what she probably thought was a divergent train of thought.
"Wait, do we ever let you out of our sights?" he asked, a weird constricting feeling settling in his chest. Good god, if this had been his daughter, he wasn't sure he'd ever be able to let her get more than three feet away from him at any time.
They sat there quietly, Pepper frowning, almost like they had run out of words to say, but she soon reached out and took his hand, and she laughed a little and said, "Wow, it's so weird."
The door to the workshop opened, and Bruce slouched through looking sad and a little humbled. He rolled his eyes and moved away from the suit and over to the station where he kept the first aid supplies.
Steve opened one eye to look at him. "Really?"
They both looked up as soon as he opened his mouth, both seemingly surprised and a little confused, and Tony pulled out the chair across from them and settled into it, slowly, gritting his teeth as he tried not to collapse into the chair like the bloated behemoth he was.
And Pretty Eyes had just snorted a laugh and said, "
"You know, this is nice for a change," he murmured and bowed his head some to kiss the top of Steve's head. "Usually you're the one holding me. I like being the holder for a change."
"Well," he said and sat back a little in his chair. "What would you have done had there not been a war?"
Tony made a contemplative noise and twitched his mouth from side-to-side. "So, probably not the best time to tell you we have explored every square inch of each other's bodies and then some, huh?"
Tony turned to Steve, but Steve just raised an eyebrow and said, "We can wait a day."
"I wore this just for you, you know."
"OK," he said with an appraising nod. "Good. Look, anything ever bothers you — even in the slightest — don't even hesitate to tell me. You need an upgrade?"
Steve grinned at him and nudged him a little. "And you say I can't cook."
— were seriously discussing having a laser tag arena installed for their use.
Steve looked to Sam for confirmation, and Sam shrugged and said, "I was half-asleep, but yeah, that's how I remember it."
He did, and Tony grabbed the mugs in one hand, piled the flatware onto the plate with the bagels, and nodded his head toward the living room.
without one of these wretched bras now. Now that I'm flowing like a river, I'm
" he cried out, more defensively than he probably should have, especially given the way Rhodey's eyebrows went up on his forehead. He slammed the spoon into the pot. "I
"Indeed," Thor said and jerked the controller as he completed a particular move, much to the annoyance of Wilson and Natasha, who was evidently on his team. "If you did not wish us to make ourselves at home in your abode, you would not stock your pantry with all of our favorite delicacies."
Steve went slightly embarrassed at that. "What? Did you
Natasha shot a pointed look up at him. "You know where this baby's coming out of, right? Unless you have cesarean, I mean."
"I wish you luck, Captain. Perhaps what you have done was for selfish reasons, but I know it cannot have been easy to give up eternity."
Tony glanced back and saw Steve eyeing the situation warily, and when Tony asked, "Coming?" Steve took an inhale of breath, dropped his magazine, and got to his feet.
As against the measure as he might have been at the beginning, Tony knew Steve wanted this baby. He wanted a son. He wanted a
"Steve's preoccupied a lot of the time thinking about Barnes. But except this last time, he hasn't actually been the one out there looking for him. I do that. Clint does that. Natasha does that. He stays here in New York with you and does your Avenger-business. I know you think Steve cares more about him than he does you, but I'm telling you, man, that's
"What? No, I totally get that this is happening to me. I understand it. I know it. I spent forty-three years as a man, met the wrong screwball from space, got turned into a woman, and got knocked up by an antique they pulled out of an iceberg, and there's a little caveat about having to carry the whole thing to term because otherwise I'll die. Yes, I totally get that."
Steve flushed a little, like he'd been caught out. "I don't— It wasn't—" He shook his head. "I don't want to talk about it."
For all the progress that Bucky had made, and for as close as he'd seemingly become with Nat and Clint and Sam in the months since he'd stopped running and had come to live at the tower with them, Steve was all too well aware that there was still a long way to go before Buck was anything close to, well, normal again. He knew and he understood that the James Buchanan Barnes that now stood in his living room was not quite the same Bucky that he'd known all those years ago — and if he didn't 'know' it for absolute certain, he was getting there day-by-day — but Bucky had spent decades as someone else's pawn and puppet. The freedom he'd enjoyed during his run after SHIELD had, for all intents and purposes, been burned to the ground had been the first real independence he'd had since before the war, and Steve didn't want to give him any reason to think he'd traded one group of owners for another.
Steve became his family after that, Steve and all his friends — all
"Thanks," Steve said and sat back from the table, and Tony peeled away the unused scraps of dough. "I think."
"Don't think it's a joke," Bucky said.
"Yeah, I guess, it's all—"
He sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. Great, they were fighting, and evidently loudly. "No one's thrown anything yet, have they?" he asked.
Cap? You think me and Cap—"
with your heel."
"What, attention?" Steve asked, smiling. Steve didn't smile much, Tony noticed, and it was always nice to see it when he did. He really had a gorgeous smile.
"Yeah, but you've read my file," Tony said and went around him, blocking Bruce's view of his screen. "You'd know what would stick out better than those quacks would. Maybe it's late-effect palladium poisoning. Maybe it's residual effects from the arc reactor. Maybe I just ate a bad cheeseburger. I don't know. I just know that if I don't get cleared by someone with a doctorate, Steve's going to be on my ass until I do — and I don't mean in the good way that makes you guys wish I'd put in better soundproofing."
Tony stared at him a moment before he said a snappish, "
to begin with — pregnant, female, heartbroken. He'd still have this baby. He didn't have a choice. But now, he was starting to wonder if it wouldn't be better — and safer — for everyone involved if he put the baby up for adoption. Keeping him would be putting a huge bull's-eye on his head, and Steve was right when he'd said back in the winter that Avengers Tower was the last place to raise a child, Tony's two-day adventure as a father to an alternate-universe daughter aside. He could have the record sealed so that no one could open it and, thus, no one could trace the adoption back to him. Or whatever assumed name he would use to formalize the adoption. He'd make sure the baby went to parents that would love him and cherish him and treat him with all the courtesy and respect he warranted, and he'd set up a trust so that he would have all the funding he could ever hope for to pay for the education he so richly deserved. He'd make sure that Hydra in particular couldn't trace the child back to him and Steve, ensure that Hydra kept their tentacles off of him, make sure their kid had the happy and loving and
"'Hey' what?"
. They just moved to California."
Tony smiled at him, his heart warming from the sincerity of the words, but he just waved Steve off and said, "I love you, too. Go. Before too many people wake up and you find yourself tricked into handing out bottled water at a firehouse or something."
He slumped down in a chair and sobbed it out, not really sure why he was crying or what exactly he was crying for but not able to temper it just the same. He let the tears fall where they may, but he wiped his nose with his sleeve and tried to snuffle back some mucus, but when that didn't work, he found a roll of shop paper towels and blew his nose into the not-exactly-soft product, hoping none of the others would be brave enough to venture down to the dungeon after they'd seen the murderous expression on Steve's face.
"Yeah."
He pulled away from the steering wheel and sat back against the seat, bumping the back of his head against the headrest. He snuffled and kept his hand on his belly, and he thought once more of his mother and her soft, sophisticated way. He thought of her stroking a light hand over his face and calling him 'dear' or 'darling' and kissing his cheek. He closed his eyes, and he smiled as he thought of her looking upon him as he appeared now and saying in her soft, calm way, "
"Is there more you desire?"
"All right?"
But it was like Darcy wasn't even listening to her. She just looked at Tony and said, "So, orgasms. Which one's better? I mean is it better as a lady or a dude?"
"I thought we both agreed we'd support her no matter what?"
Tony shrugged as the microwaved beeped that it had finished warming the tea. "Taste it and see. I didn't do the buying here."
. That was… That was fucking
"Can I assume by that little speech that you're hoping for snips and snails and puppy dog tails?"
"I could tell you anything you wanted to know."
"Goodnight," Tony murmured in return, the quiet of their surroundings somehow lulling him into slumber.
just call it that?
"It's…it's not a tumor," Bruce said, some weird hitch in his voice.
. And then you said,
"Sure," Steve said with a laugh. "Sure, you are."
has other friends, too."
"Yeah. Daddy says he's a poor 'scuse for a daddy and 's'not half th' man you are. What's that mean?"
," JARVIS said after a moment, "
Steve made a face. "Bucky's not into fellas."
"You want me to take you out on a date?"
"Daddy burns them worse than I do?"
She shrugged. "They need as much help as they can get. Such poor, deceived creatures. I cannot fathom how you can stand it." She directed a quick aside to the other three men in the room and said, "No offense."
Jim shook his head like he couldn't believe how easily Steve was digging his own grave. "Steve, man, just go in the kitchen—" he pointed to the room in question, "—save yourself now. Totally sounds like you're pulling that bullshit."
, there were times that he thought Steve was too fucking perfect for words with his gorgeous smile and his gentle manner and his—
"Yeah, that's enough of that," he said, the mere thought of 'morning sickness' putting to bed any hunger pangs he might have had.
"Yes— No— Maybe— Look, it's just— It's fucking stupid, all right? I get that. I know that. I understand that. Technically, you're old enough to be my grandfather, but I'm the one that looks— And just the experiences that I— I mean, have you looked at yourself? The fucking peak of human perfection and you settle for a broken-down mechanic with a bad liver and a bad heart that somehow breaks everything that he touches?" He flexed his hands again and hardened his jaw. "You could have
Tony ignored him and moved over to Bruce. "Et tu, Bruce-ay?" his said, disappointment coloring his speech.
"Well, clearly they weren't digging hard enough."
Steve went a little funny at the mention of 'when this happens to you,' a little hesitant or nervous or something like that — like the thought of having to do what Tony was doing didn't sit well with him.
murder your parents!" Steve said, nostrils flaring and gaze steely. "Buck would never do anything like—"
"I know," she said with a short nod, the words grave and pregnant with something he couldn't identify. "You may wish to set your infant down. I wouldn't want to see her hurt in the process."
She nodded and peered at an array of oils. "He only seeks to make you happy."
"No," Steve said as he handed his own over for Tony to hang up. "Not at all. It was…kind of nice, actually."
Tony blinked. Oh, right. Only Bruce knew that. "Yeah— Uh, yeah. Olivia. Olivia Louise Stark-Rogers."
But this…
The future. The future with all its bells and whistles and gadgets and gizmos. The future with its giant screens (in color!) and even faster pace than he'd remembered — with its never-ceasing forms of communication. The future. The bright, sparkling land of opportunity that he and Bucky used to dream about. The future, and all he wanted was to close his eyes and go back to the ice, go back to the grave he'd been stolen from, go back to where he was or had the potential to be
"You'll have to ask Daddy," he finally decided on saying because it seemed like the safest bet. He'd have to assure his alternate self he'd tried his best not to fuck his kid up too much, but it's not like she came with a user's manual or anything.
He exhaled a breath. "OK.
Both jumped away from each other at that, and he was reminded of that time that Peggy had caught him with that secretary. Well, that wasn't exactly it. That secretary had kissed
"No, but you're a teammate, and you're under my command—"
"No, it isn't," Bucky amended. "It's because you're still hung up on a guy that
Actually, Tony was not all that opposed to people finding out — well, sort of. Maybe he wasn't too thrilled at the idea of people finding out that Tony Stark had been turned into a woman, but a few news cycles dedicated to the uproar over Captain America marrying someone that sure didn't
"I did— I do. I didn't have a lot of luck when it came to… It's all about finding the right partner. I wouldn't marry someone unless I thought they were the right partner for me. I don't see a reason why your Steve would be any different, well, so long as he and I are the same person."
"What? Calling
But he couldn't.
Tony stared at him a moment more before he moved over to the stove and began to take the cookies off the sheet and set them on a cooling rack.
"Yeah, I know, but she sounded even more frazzled than usual. Is something up? I thought I saw something about Hammeroid getting released early for 'good behavior' or some bullshit like that. He's not trying to cause problems for her, is he? And what the hell are they even doing releasing him? Don't we have standards in this country anymore? Could we deport him? Where could we deport him to?"
Though he was pretty sure he imagined her smug little "
"That's great, Tony," he said and Tony heard the hesitance in his voice, "but I remember what happened the last time you sent that out—"
But Steve shook his head some, his gaze focused on the slow-moving traffic ahead of him. "Maybe. But I don't think he'd ever want to deck you."
So, there were the Avengers, whose ranks grew slowly but surely with the additions of Sam and Jim Rhodes and now Bucky with Maria Hill as their liaison and Sharon Carter as a very tough sell that appreciated the offer to join the ranks but felt she was of better use elsewhere. At least with her they had a CIA connection, though, if they ever needed it.
"Why not?"
But Steve just pulled him closer, and Tony put his arms around Steve's shoulders as Steve brought their mouths together, and Steve's hands went to his sides and his back, caressing him, holding him, tongue and teeth and saliva as they kissed slow and intimate, and when Steve finally pulled back a few minutes later, he murmured, "I mean it," his breath ghosting over Tony's mouth as he spoke. "I'd wait another seventy if I had to if it meant I got this at the end of it."
"It's not
happen. And I know he says that he understands that, but I'm not entirely sure that he does. So, yeah, maybe I've been a little short with him lately or something, but I don't fucking
going to some doctor's office for this. Hell, he wasn't sure he would ever leave the confines of the Tower again, which earned him a stupid 'Rapunzel' comment from Barton, which made absolutely no sense because no one but he himself was keeping him in this tower.
Tony rolled his eyes and said, "Yeah, well, clearly we're waiting until this whole thing…passes."
Tony's eyes crinkled in delight, and his mouth twitched from side-to-side before he said, "Oh, babe. Why? Why do you have to give me ammunition like that?"
"You're not having JARVIS do it," Steve muttered.
She shrugged but didn't defend herself against or deny Bucky's accusations. It was hard to when there were photographs.
His one regret.
"Sass-bot," he muttered and found the doors opening to the 59th floor. The lights were down until he stepped out onto the floor, and then they came up, illuminating with each slow, painful step that he took. The 59th floor was an unused floor at current, and the construction of the Tower allowed it to be a relatively broad, open space with the exception of expertly-placed support pillars. He glanced around, hands at the ready, and looked for anything out of the ordinary.
Steve winked at him. "It's a surprise," he replied as a car hit the bank and the doors slid open. Steve led him on then hit a button for a floor and pressed the 'door close' button before anyone else might step on with them.
Rhodey raised an eyebrow like he didn't quite swallow what Tony was saying, but Natasha nodded and reached out to push a few stray hairs back into place, making sure not to knock the netting of the birdcage veil askew. "Well, if it's any consolation, you make a beautiful bride, Stark."
"Yeah," he said and rubbed his hands up and down from Tony's hips to his waist and back again. "Don't get off much, do you, unless it's handheld and vibrates."
So, instead, Steve spent those several long (and yet somehow short) weeks lounging around the penthouse, taking up space on the couch as he cradled the baby in his arms and melted brain cells with mindless daytime and very late-night television. For as…unwilling as he'd been in the beginning, Steve seemed to take to fatherhood like a duck to water, chattering at the baby constantly as he explained things to her that she couldn't possibly begin to understand. He played with her and did those suggested exercises you were supposed to do with infants that couldn't do much on their own, and he rocked her and bathed her and fed her with the bottle and didn't even put up much of a fuss when it came to changing her. He tickled her and blew raspberries on her tummy and cooed at her and just generally acted
Tony shook his head some. "That's not what I mean at all. I just mean that finger quotes are a little too…hip and modern for you."
"It's a bathroom, Tony."
Steve shrugged. "You were busy and I was bored. It was before we got together, anyway. Wasn't sure if you'd…even want to take the time to explain it to me, anyway."
All-in-all, it wasn't a complete waste. He knew Steve had learned a lot of stuff, and if push actually came to shove (no pun intended) and he did end up actually giving birth at some point in the next several weeks, well, Steve would be there. Steve would know what to do. He trusted Steve to get him through it.
"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!" he said and put his hands out to calm her down. "Whoa, Pep, slow down! It's OK. Trust me, it's OK. This isn't something you need to fix. Honestly, I don't think you could fix it, but given a choice between Esmeralda the whatever-the-fuck-she-calls-herself and a tag- team of you and Steve? My money's on you and Steve."
"I don't know," Wilson said with a sigh. "I guess I just thought they would have grown out of it by now."
He rolled his eyes again. "I can fight my own—"
"It's not for you to
"Don't mention it," he said and picked up his tablet again to go back to working on… You know what? It didn't fucking matter. JARVIS would know which suit it was, and he'd ask him later when he actually gave a shit.
He got to his feet and reached down for Tony's hands to pull him up, the change in his appearance even more apparent now that he was standing upright. The under armor was maybe just a little loose on him but still clung, only in a different way now, the material showing off what was a perfectly proportioned hourglass figure with slender legs and pert breasts, and Steve felt interest stirring within as his gaze focused in on erect nipples poking through the material.
"I mean, I want your support, but I want to do it."
He watched as Rhodey fought to keep from laughing — the sound ended up coming out as a small, snorted choke — before he said, "Somehow I doubt that," before he patted her atop the head and went over to Tony. "Hey," he said and put a hand on Tony's shoulder. "I'm sorry. We didn't really get to talk about anything other than—"
like asshole Barton said."
He climbed back up the couple flights then set her down and went back over to the door, and he said, "OK, you can go back to watching TV now," but after she scurried through the door, she made a beeline for the steps that led up to the bedroom.
"You know the sex?"
Steve raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure?"
Bruce had explained to him the way — laughing the entire time — the kid had shown him how this other him and this other Steve Rogers sucked face, and she'd gotten all coy and bashful at dinner when Bruce had asked her if the other him and the other Cap had told each other they loved each other. She, at the least, was very much under the impression that her daddy and her papa loved each other or were in love with each other.
She just pursed her lips in a small smile and went back to applying the makeup, and his phone buzzed with a response from Steve that read simply,
the strangest thing to happen to you. God, I could tell you so much, but you made me promise not to say anything more than I had to."
"Tony,
All in the name of securing the Stark line — and the peace their kingdom had known for decades — for one more generation.
Natasha arched an eyebrow at her but still got up from her chair and went to stand behind Tony, pulling the strands of dark waves together and holding them back in an approximation of what he remembered Pepper calling one time a 'French twist.'
I get anymore? Like, if you stuck a forty-eight ounce Porterhouse in front of me right now, I could probably polish that bad boy off in five minutes and
"—to come down here and see how you were doing 'cause your ceiling-guy wasn't being very forthcoming with the information."
"You and Cap?"
Steve nodded again, and he tightened his arms and said, "You know, I just— I can't stop thinking about— If anything like what happened to Bucky ever happened to you, I don't think I could live—"
Tony scoffed. "Please. She's already heard it all the past couple of days. It's her fault I owe that asshole money. If she'd just been born a
"—nant doesn't mean you have to get married in this day and age. No one will think less of you. I know none of us will."
"Kinda, yeah."
"I'm not hungry. I had my coffee, I had a few bites of toast, I'm fine."
"Really? I was thinking about growing a beard."
But the doctor smiled and him and shook her head and said, "No, the baby doesn't feel it — not like that, if that's what you're worried about. The baby doesn't know what's going on. If you're worried about scarring you baby for life because of normal sexual relations, don't. I can assure you that baby is very happy and healthy."
He started by inviting himself to an event.
"I'm sorry, honey. Maybe in the morning I'll try to buy the rights to it and have it destroyed. Would that make you happy?"
They'd planned for this to be a sexcation, and so far, they'd only done it
"No one's selling tickets to anything," Steve said before Natasha could even begin to formulate an answer.
Steve stepped back, dropping his arms as he went to take a defensive stance, and he reached out a hand to try to put Tony behind him, but Bruce and Rhodey grabbed hold of Tony and pulled him away from Steve while Thor, without preamble, made for Steve, grabbing him and throwing him over his shoulder in such an easy and fluid motion it was like he'd done it a thousand times before.
"I wouldn't have known it was you unless you told me," Pepper said from his other side, and Hill glanced back at him from where she sat in the front seat and nodded her head at him.
He checked his makeup because that was something he did now, checked his mirror to make sure there was no traffic coming, and then popped open his door and stepped out onto the street.
"I thought you were a newspaper boy?"
Tony snatched the bag off him and looked in. "Hash browns?"
"Uh—" he said and glanced to Steve before he looked back at Tony again. "You mean the Avengers?"
"I peed myself."
"What?" he snapped at both of them.
"What can I say?" she replied with a shrug. "He likes me. Now, get some sleep."
"Something to come home to."
Ella hummed in agreement and was about to say something more when the arrival of some other friends caught her attention, and she excused herself and left to greet them, promising she'd come back around in time. Tony and Bruce watched her leave before Bruce nudged him and motioned him over to another panel and said, "Come on. I want to go see if it's here."
," he said, indignant. "Don't even pretend like you haven't."
Tony blinked and tried to remember when he'd done such a thing. "Wait, what? When was—?"
"Really?" Wilson said. "'Cause they showed it when I was a kid. You know.
Steve left after that with one final reminder that he would be just up in the penthouse, DUM-E whirring a little in disappointment as he watched Steve leave, and then Tony was left alone with Barnes for the first time, well,
Pepper would… Well, Pepper would probably stay away for a while. But that was OK. He could handle them. What was he supposed to do? Put her up for adoption? Abandon her on the street? They didn't know what universe she even came from. What if they were able to tap in that, and what if they sent her to the wrong universe? A bad universe? A universe of war where some horrible alien race had conquered and enslaved humanit—
"I mean, it won't be apparent overnight, but it will... There may very well come a time when it will almost seem like you never had the serum in your veins at all."
"Ideally," she said as she stepped over and began to pull and tug at things, "I'd have you come in for
He shrugged. "Couple of times."
Tony pulled himself up the stairs, holding up the skirt of the dress with one hand so he wouldn't trip on it, and he went over to the bedroom and let himself in only to see that Steve was
Tony was still stroking Steve's hair, looking at him almost reverently, when he said, "Hmm?" and then, "Oh, right. Uh…nothing except sitting around in our Captain America and Iron Man pajamas, watching sappy movies, and then going for Chinese. It's been our tradition since our first — well, no,
Steve just stood there, hands clasped behind his back, wet hair slicked back from his forehead, and junk on display for everyone to see. He nodded first at Pepper then Natasha and finally Rhodey, saying to each, "Ms. Potts, Nat, Colonel," before he cleared his throat and turned around, making his way back into the bedroom, Natasha tilting her head as she watched him depart, nodding her approval at Steve's tight-as-fuck buns of justice as the bedroom door closed behind him.
"Tony..." he said as Tony pushed away from the table and got up. "You know I didn't mean it like that."
"Pushing. Talking about me
A grandfather with the appearance of a twenty-five-year-old. He'd be well over a hundred and still look exactly as he did at that moment. Jesus Christ.
He dropped his arm and shot a tight smile at Tony, and he turned to make his way to the elevator when Tony suddenly realized Barnes looked different than he had the last time he saw him.
there was some possible way he'd tapped into some kind of parallel world — a world that was similar to but not quite his. He couldn't think of any other way to explain it or describe it.
"My frame's larger than yours. It makes sense."
"Tony,
. For you, it hasn't happened yet. It will. Count on it."
Steve's slackened arms around him went a little tense. "Are you sure?"
"I know. I know I don't exactly have room to talk or anything—"
Tony snorted a laugh. "Yeah, no, I'm good. I'll find a way. You know I'm not allowed to wipe?"
"How self-righteous you are. How, uh,
The odd man, who Steve now realized was several inches shorter than he, shoved him away from the crib, and the little girl cried out in delight and said, "Papa!" as she reached out for him.
"How do you know she'll come to you?"
"Forty-three, Brucie. I'm forty-three. I'm not dead."
Tony ignored that, though, and focused on the kiss and what he could hopefully feel from it. It was relatively chaste for one of Steve's kisses, sweet and gentle with very little tongue, and Tony grabbed Steve's hand and put it against his abdomen, thinking maybe that would do it.
Steve took hold of the clipboard only because Tony had blocked his view of the magazine with it, and he paged through a couple sheets and said in a quiet voice, "I think
"Did you get that?" Bruce asked, but Tony shrugged.
Steve shook his head. "Not particularly."
So he opted not to do anything and instead sat and continued to play on his phone doing bullshit work as Steve and Barnes yukked it up in the kitchen (OK, Steve did most of the yukking), evidently reliving something from whatever joke of a public school they'd gone to. Well, Steve had been dirt poor growing up. Not like his mother could have afforded to send him to some elite prep school like Tony's parents had.
Steve gave him a flat look. "Sarah."
Tony stared at him, his expression flat. "It is not trending."
"You could always tell JARVIS to stop it," Natasha said then directed Wilson to pull a certain move in particular, which got a smile and an "Oh, yeah! Suck it, Goldie!" out of him as he completed whatever maneuver it was.
I'd given you to the government."
"Well," he said and exhaled a breath, "I am preparing our daughter's dinner. Seeing as my body doesn't make the stuff anymore, I gotta get some outside help, and JARVIS, for whatever reason, though powdered shit would be better than the ready-to-eat stuff, and so I had to — according to the directions — boil water and let it cool and then pour it into a bottle that I have also had to sterilize with boiling water and dump some of this delicious powdered stuff in and then mix it up then test it then feed it to our child, who has been very good about not getting her dinner at her usual time."
She sat up a little straighter and blew out a breath. "Well," she said, "that depends on what you want. Do you seek immortality for your bonded, or do you seek mortality for yourself?"
less forgiving of you if you make a mistake."
"Why didn't you let him be the judge of that?"
and I'm attracted to
It was a simple and yet beautiful sketch of Tony — as he'd looked like until earlier that morning — sitting in the rocking chair in their bedroom, their infant daughter nursing at his breast. Tony's head in the drawing was tipped downward to look at the baby, long, dark waves cascading over his shoulders, one arm supporting the infant while a delicate hand was raised to take the baby's hand in his. It was an all-around stunning sketch, even if he noticed Steve had put extra effort into his eyes, lining them with dark and startling lashes.
Tony shook his head. "Nope. No cheating. You have to find that one out on your own."
"I was trying to be noble and selfless. I thought the world needed you more than I did. I also thought you'd have everything wrapped up before I gave birth. I wanted you there, though. Ask any of them that were in the room. I think I cried more about it than I remember."
in your bedroom."
," she muttered and went around the island to meet up with Tony, shoulder-checking Steve along the way. "Come on,
He tried to scoff, but the sound got caught in his throat. "Well, that— That doesn't mean anything. Barton doesn't know—"
," he stuttered out, the word barely able to be formed in his mouth.
?" he asked as Steve took a seat and began his nightly routine of going over call-sheets, complaints, and checks.
"Tony, listen to me," Natasha said once the pain had subsided again, and Tony could hear the forced evenness of her voice, like she was trying to reassure herself as much as she was trying to reassure him. "I know it— You're going to have that baby. We're going to get that baby out of you, and then you promise me. You promise me you'll love that baby and care for that baby and protect that baby and give that baby everything you possibly can. Because that's what Steve would want. Don't you dare blame that baby for any of this, you understand?"
when I am
He went to stammer out a response of some kind when Natasha put her hand to the back of his neck and practically purred, "Let me remind you what you have to look forward to," and pressed her lips against his, warm and soft and inviting. Tony squeaked out in surprise, but even to his own ear, it sounded like a slight moan, and he closed his eyes and went with it, hoping it would drive home the message that Natasha intended.
for that, but there was fondness and love mixed in with the 'you're an idiot.'
picture Tony cleaning up the mess with his tongue either.
Tony gasped. "You take that back!"
Steve!
in real life. Other times, I feel like a fucking sex goddess of fertility, like I do now. I never really know how I'm going to feel one moment to the next, but the one thing I can totally count on through all of this is
"It's only ten blocks to the Tower, Steve. Come on! It's too nice to call for a car."
"And have you figured out how you're going to explain that one—" he nodded his head toward the living room where Olivia sat watching cartoons — "to him?"
There is no
"I don't think he's that old," Pepper said.
"Oh, so this is something you're just pulling out of your ass."
Bruce stumbled a bit like he'd been caught up in something before he said, "Well,
Surely,
"Tony, what if it comes back—"
One had, for some god forsaken reason, named their little tax deduction 'Brantley.'
"Hmm? Oh! First off—" He picked up a stylus that was laying around and pointed it at him. "How's the arm?"
He cleared his throat and put hands on her shoulders to try to push her away. The lothario hadn't budged an inch, and out of the corner of his eye, Tony could see their little play-act was doing nothing but enticing him all the more.
"That implies he had a soul to begin with," Bucky said, and the guys laughed (Steve noticed Natasha's laughter was conspicuously absent) before Natasha suggested that they go check out the atrium and Pepper agreed wholeheartedly with that suggestion.
"The other one."
Tony took in Barnes's words, parsing them as much as he could with the fog that had enveloped his brain during this last trimester of the pregnancy, and he wondered if Wilson was doing this on purpose — treating Barnes this way on purpose. Not entirely — there was probably some element of jealousy involved because the new best bro was afraid of getting discarded for the old, returned best bro — but maybe Wilson had seen that what Barnes needed was not to be reminded of the good, old days or to be handled with kid gloves but to be treated as a human being with agency and free will, and maybe a pissing match was the best way he knew of to do something like that.
So, a potential future as an Army lab-rat or Howard Stark's personal lab-rat. Well, it was sure to always be interesting. Lonely, but interesting. Maybe Bucky was right? Maybe he should have just gotten a job in a war plant? He was sure he would've eventually found some dame desperate enough to have him in that case.
"If it was up to you, we'd be wrapping her gifts in day-old newspapers that nobody reads anymore because print is dead."
Tony just winced from his response, and he said a slightly confused, "That's funny?"
Bruce shrugged. "I figured Captain America to be one for military-precise cleanliness — you know, folded corners, immaculate quarters—"
"Right," Steve said. "You're not going through this alone. Physically, yes. I can't share the burden with you. None of us can. But we're here for you. We're not going to let you fall. We're not going to let you fail. We're going to find our way through this no matter what it takes."
to stop thinking like that. You're not some poor schlub from Brooklyn anymore."
"Huh?" he asked, still paging through the comic book. "Oh, you make an appearance in this. Huh. They got your number, all right. Captain Buzzkill right here. Also seem to have gotten your shoulder-to-waist ratio down pat."
Deciding Steve had shifted back into a better mood, he reached out and switched the radio back on. He put it on low so as it was more white noise than anything else, tuning the station back to that '70s one because it came the closest to splitting the difference between them. He settled back into his seat, nestling his head against the headrest again.
"Captain America."
from that 'verse was able to cross time and space to grab her," he explained, figuring telling the Cap that they were evidently married and the parents of two daughters in another universe would be too much for the old man to handle.
"Anyway," Tony said and looked at the boxes of food, "and why even— Don't you people get paid enough to get yourselves big, fat Christmas gooses?"
Something kind of funny hit him in the chest — hard — something that felt a lot like cold dread. He tried to suck in a breath but found he couldn't — not a good one — that funny thing sitting on his chest almost like a weight. Barton muttered something under his breath, and Steve let out the breath he'd taken, and Tony swallowed and looked between Steve and Thor and said, "What? Why? Don't I just go back after this—" he motioned to his belly, "—goes away?"
Tony nodded. "So, you've done this sort of shit to me before?"
"I thought you said the Avengers were in the city?"
"Really?" Barton asked, almost like he was genuinely surprised by the promotion, and Bruce said a slightly hurt, "Hey," at the exact same time. Rhodey just rolled his eyes and sipped at the non- alcoholic punch, secure in the fact that Tony was full of shit and would never replace him.
"What are you getting?" Tony asked, gaze still boring into his menu.
"No! Of course not, Tony! It's just…you
an Adonis. Have you looked at yourself since 1942? I mean, even before then, the pictures I've seen, you had this cute little stubbornness about you. But since then?
He bowed his head and brought her tiny fist up to his mouth and kissed it, brushing his lips over her tiny fingers.
"It— It is a good fine arts school," Jim supplied over the sounds of rustling paper and Bucky plucking on the guitar string, and Tony turned to him like he'd committed the ultimate act of betrayal. He stared at Jim a moment, and Jim just shrugged and took a gulp of his coffee.
"He shouldn't have— I should be able to earn my own way."
Bruce went to respond, but Olivia whined from Tony's chest and said, "
But Steve just propped himself up on his elbow and, in the dark, Tony could see him blink at him, sleepily, like he wasn't quite sure what was going on but knew he couldn't just ignore it and go back to sleep.
me there with you?"
He hesitated a bit then asked, "What, uh, what does Daddy call you?"
fan."
"Yes," Tony snapped in slight insult and threw a glance back at him.
"It's just… It's tough to find someone that understands our…
Pepper groaned a little and said, "
He clammed up, closing his mouth and keeping his focus on the road ahead of him, and Tony sat up some, his curiosity piqued by Steve's sudden silence.
"Well," she said after a moment, "these certainly look like valid IDs, but they don't look like you."
"No," he said, resting a forearm on the table, "but I don't burn as many calories just sitting here as—"
Tony, thanks to his condition, was
"Ah, yes," he said and sat back. "
"—so, in the immortal words of a vice president of the United States to a sitting Senator on the Senate floor, go fuck yourself."
Tony, his eyes puffy and his face a little achy from the sobs, looked up at him, and he wordlessly wiped away the tears from his face as Steve took a hesitant step into the bathroom. He watched Tony for a moment then folded his arms tight against his chest, tucking his hands into his armpits, and said a quiet and low, "You OK?"
That kind that keeps his mouth open so you can fuck his face and he can't fucking say 'boo'—"
a boy. And besides, there is nothing a boy could do that she couldn't do."
Tony took his glass back over to the table and sat down again. "Look, six months ago, I would be totally right behind you on all this, but I've seen things that I would never have believed back then. I've fought aliens —
"You know," he finally said, "I kinda can't blame you. I think Steve would have been the same way with you."
Steve just smiled a little, a pink tinge flushing over his cheeks. "Um...yes?" At Tony's raised eyebrow, he added, "Well, I
He followed his own advice and lay there, his eyes closed, and after several minutes of quiet, he realized Tony was lightly snoring. He smirked and snorted out a silent laugh and murmured, "Yeah, sure you aren't," before he pressed a light kiss against the back of Tony's head and snuggled down into the comfort of a warm bed and his favorite warm body beside him.
"Nothing ever happened between them."
"Used to what?"
"It doesn't change the fact that, if you wanted to wrap these gifts, it's much more economical to wrap it in newspaper."
"I guess."
"Because none of them have any time for me. Because I even tried to talk to my
," and made to get up on his knees when JARVIS intoned from on high, "
"You're not going to die, Tony."
"I can totally sleep by myself. I don't
"How many lives have we had together?"
He shrugged, a little sheepish. "Guess I just didn't think to go that far."
"Well, me, Barton, Banner, Natasha — other Natasha, I mean. I'm not talking about myself in third-person."
. I mean, that's your money. I didn't do anything to earn that."
And speaking of Christmas, they were halfway through January already. Wasn't it time for Romanoff and Barton to pull the decorations down already? It didn't matter how festive Thor thought they were. Who wasn't even there and hadn't been since New Year's, anyway.
Steve was down to his boxer briefs, his want painfully apparent, and he sat at the edge of the bed and swallowed as he raked his gaze over Tony's body. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, blinking as he went to say something then thought better of it, and Tony tilted his head to the side, hands still at his lace-covered hips and said, "Cat got your tongue, or did you blow a fuse?"
…has been gone a couple days, right?" At her vigorous nod, her blonde ponytail bouncing, he added, "Well, a few weeks is lots of those 'couple days' put back-to-back." When she frowned and titled her head in some confusion, he continued, "It's a couple days, and then a couple more days, and then a couple more days, and then a couple more days after that," and at each instance of 'a couple days,' her brown eyes went wider and wider, her mouth falling open in shock and sadness.
"I hang onto your every word." He let go and went back to the tablet. "I really think you need to read some of this stuff, though."
"Yeah," Tony said quickly. "On my dime. You know how many people have ever treated me to anything? One. His name is 'Jim,' and I'm about to name my first child after him. Other than that? Yeah, not really."
"Oh, you don't know what you're missing. Greasy spoons are the best. They're not worried about all that arugula and bean sprout and other health-food crap. Nope, just good, old-fashioned butter and lard."
Tony shrugged some, but he squeezed Steve's hands as he did it. "A little, I guess. And that was corny as fuck, by the way. Yeah, go ahead and laugh. That was probably the corniest thing ever to come out of your mouth."
He wondered, only briefly, if he would have been somewhat better adjusted if they'd just let him go to public school or, at the very least, allowed him to stay in the class with his own age group. Being a seventeen-year-old graduate of MIT looked great on paper, but as for making lifelong friends, it
now; it sucks — and this over-marinated douchebag corners me and starts trying to come on to me. I duck around him, and he follows me and corners me again. I very politely tell him he's wasting his time because I've already got someone. He says, 'Is he here?' I said, 'What makes you think it's a he?' Then, you know what he says? Tells me he doesn't believe that because I don't look like a 'carpet muncher.' What the fuck? Yeah, that's the sort of sweet-talk a woman wants to hear when you're trying to get into her pants."
His hands left Tony's shoulders, and Tony next felt him undoing the bonds around his wrists. He wasn't afraid to admit that he frowned a little at this, as he liked the feeling of being tied and under Steve's control, but then he felt his arms being repositioned behind his back, and Steve told him to hold the position while he went around to the other side of the bed. Tony felt the bed dip with Steve's weight as he came up behind him, and he felt the silk wrap around his wrists again as Steve redid the bindings.
, I think I heard her say."
"Fucking battery died on my phone!" he all but yelled and shoved the offending implement back into his pocket. "
"Steve's dead."
"Yeah," Tony said, understanding what the Cap couldn't seem to vocalize.
"Whatever," he said and pulled away from Steve to scoop Olivia up out of the crib to cradle her against his chest. "I guess in art school it's considered a 'style' or an 'homage.'"
Honestly, he wouldn't, either.
In fact, he was pretty sure that was where her disappointment would stem from. Not that Steve was 'bi,' as the future had reassured him, but that in taking up with a fella, he was effectively doing away with any chance of having a family — having children — of his own. He knew his ma would want him to get married and have children — oh, she'd probably be very much in agreement with Esmeralda on that front — and she would see his being with a fella as taking away from that. To be honest, he wasn't sure how his ma would react to what had happened to them over the course of the last year — how she would react to a son-in-law that had been turned into a woman and had given birth to her granddaughter — but he liked to think she would...come to accept it, so long as Steve was happy.
Steve chuckled a little and turned his head to brush his lips against Tony's forehead. "Well, if it's any consolation, you've been absolutely amazing throughout this whole thing. You've been so strong and so capable and so self-assured. I told you, I couldn't have done it. I couldn't have handled it — not as well as you have."
," he said with a shake of his head. "Don't even try it. Don't even try to defend it or say you're older than I am. Look at me, Steve. Actually look at me. I'm old. I'm old and wrinkled and grayed and my heart doesn't work right and my liver's shot and I've got a fucking gut on me I can't seem to get rid of no matter how many sit-ups I do. The only thing I'm good for is my money, which is yours now, and will be all yours in, like, five years when I keel over and die because I am practically on my last legs and should be shot like a fucking horse."
He heaved out an exaggerated sigh and sat back up. "I am a clusterfuck of epic proportions," he said and flicked through a few screens on the monitor beside him. He only half-paid attention to what any of them were. "I should come with a warning label. Caution: prolonged exposure may lead to jamming an ice pick in eye socket. Or something like that."
"Petty squabbles and sexual tension you could cut with a knife?" Natasha asked.
Sam rolled his eyes. "I'm not saying it has to be
"No one's going to call her by her full name, Steve!" Tony said, exasperated. "And we're probably overthinking this, anyway. It's probably not a girl—"
But it somehow was catching on.
He felt two small hands slap against either side of his face, and the next thing he knew, eyes the same color as his were boring into him.
making it up to me by giving me a foot massage —
an asshole. A spoiled brat that gets away with
Steve continued to grin proudly as he went back to his meal. "But you admit I used it in the correct context."
"Don't worry," Tony said and patted his arm. "You get used to it."
with her. And I say 'tried it' because it wasn't long after I'd joined the circuit, and I had a lot of things on my mind. Mostly that I shouldn't have been there. That I should have been fighting on the front lines. She was, ah—" He coughed and cleared his throat. "We were sitting — kinda like how we are right now — one night, and, um, she was trying. She was really trying. But I…"
"What do you think?" he called back, and Barton turned in another direction and said, "Don't worry about it, Thor. Stark said to leave it here."
Natasha shook her head a little. "You won't."
"Tony, please, look," Steve said, and a worried and desperate look had come over his face. "I— I didn't mean
Barnes stared at him a moment, his mouth dropping open like he wanted to say something before he seemingly thought the better of it and shook his head, closing his mouth before voicing the thought.
seeing Steve — as everyone else would have in 1944.
"OK, as adults, I think we're all perfectly aware that men can father children well into their seventies or later."
even want to go? You don't even like that kind of music!"
it was true.
Steve frowned at him, a little sad-eyed, and went to say something, but Tony put his hand up as though to say he didn't want to hear it or he didn't care or some combination of the two, and Steve clamped his mouth shut again.
"Uh, no. Steve does, and then he tells me about it. He's a good husband like that."
"You know," Tony said and leaned in a little closer to him, "if you set that infant down, you can welcome me back the right way."
"Ah," she said and nodded. "I believe your kind has an issue with...er, handouts, I believe you call them?"
Steve scratched the back of his head. "That was…kind of a dead end," he said with a slight grimace. "Turns out there are some very interesting, uh…
She rolled her eyes and huffed a little. "Daddy c'n sleep on a rock."
"Why? It doesn't matter. Look, you remember that, right? You remember the things she said — the people and the things she was talking about. Does half of it sound like it could be here or be our lives?"
"But I take it this is an effect of the serum, yeah? I mean, unless you were a sickly runt with a crazy-high sex drive, but that doesn't usually follow."
Steve stared down at Tony's earnest concern — at those gorgeous brown eyes with the wrinkles at the corners and messy, dark hair that was beginning to see a small invasion of silver at the temples, at the neatly-groomed van dyke that Steve had no proof of but was pretty sure Tony touched up here and there with hair dye.
"Why?" Barton asked and stuffed a bagel in his mouth.
Tony hummed a little then said, "Tell me what you want, Steve. Tell me what you want to do to me."
Tony huffed out a breath and stood up to his full height, and he reached a hand out and cupped under Steve's chin to direct his attention to him. Steve looked up and met dark brown eyes lined with inky black lashes, the sparkle therein almost mesmerizing to him.
and his son, and I'm sure we'll find exactly what we're looking for — if not from him then from
"Paper. Unless you were in the hospital. Then they were glass."
"You're nesting, Stark," Barton said and flopped down on the couch. He frowned as he considered its new position then said, "Actually, I think this is better."
"Run it? You can't be bothered to
"Powdered?" Steve asked, and Tony heard the telltale sounds of a bag of delicious Italian being unpacked, savory scents wafting into the air.
working on the car, or I’ll end up falling asleep, and then it’ll just be a pain in the ass because then I
"Well, I didn't!" he said with a laugh then added, "Besides, she can't read yet. Can she?"
Tony just waved off his concern and told him not to worry about it, but Steve pursed his lips and sat at attention, back straight, and steely gaze focused on Thor.
She went to take a step toward him but stopped at the last second and frowned. "What? Who told you that?"
an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Steve tapped his bottle at his forehead in salute then went back upstairs, and Tony sighed and turned to Barton.
But Steve just laced up his sneakers. He'd already changed into a tight t-shirt and a pair of pants he wore for running. "We're supposed to be getting out of town for a couple days."
"I'm very real. I don't think it had ever happened to him before. I don't think he'd ever felt an instant attraction before — not like that. He didn't know how to deal with it, and coming from the era he'd come from, he was probably used to having to suppress those feelings."
"Yeah," Tony said and nodded his agreement.
Steve frowned. "Well, no, I lived in a tenement."
with this anymore."
"That's the thing," Steve said and moved his hands to Tony's abdomen, tracing his fingers lightly over the flesh and making Tony shiver in delight from the touch. "I don't think I could deal with it. I honestly don't know how I would act, but I know I'd be taking it a lot worse than you."
Tony faked another gasp and continued to rub his belly. "Steven! How could you? Here I am, trapped in this rather well-designed and energy efficient tower—"
, she did turn me back into this to make it 'easier' for me—" He again used finger quotes on the word 'easier.'
Steve laughed a little. "Honey, you're not. You're…" He hesitated and scratched at his forehead. "Actually, you're kind of on the
Tony arched an eyebrow at him. "With your girlfriend?"
"No, I— I know they do," he said, though he didn't sound like he believe what he was saying.
"Oh, no, it was—
Steve seemed to understand what hadn't been said. "Really?"
Thor nodded, Mjolnir still in hand. "That is precisely why I called for you. I understand, Mistress, you sought nothing more than to aid in the bond between the Captain and what you perceive to be his bonded, but I must ask you to remove the spell you have lain upon the mighty Man of Iron."
"Oh, god!" someone said. "You're not having one of
"Are you kidding?" he asked but didn't elaborate, insinuating that Steve should fucking
"We didn't talk smack about you."
A site he was sure he would be visiting by himself for many, many years.
"What was that about?" Tony asked as the band went through the last few bars of the standard they'd been playing.
"But you're in pain."
"We?"
Barnes just looked between them, eyes squinted in confusion, before he said, "Am I…dead? Is this a dream?"
the ones that spoil her."
happen to me let alone would. Hell, I didn't even have anything to safely grow it in until Space Elsa twitched her little nose and bippity-boppity- boo, here we are.
OK, so Tony had had some…issues…with Captain America over the years — namely, that Howard was more concerned with finding his dead friend than he was parenting his own kid. And whenever Tony fucked up, it was always—
Besides, it was worth a decent amount. He could sell it and donate the proceeds to charity.
"Honey, I know that, but that's not an option right now."
Rhodey just looked between the four assembled there then turned his attention to Steve and said, "Wait, you're robbing the cradle? How are you the one robbing the cradle?"
Tony snorted a laugh and, after finishing his recalibrations, ran an equation to see if it was possible to increase the power of the thrusters without increasing the drain on the reactor.
He shot a wary glance at her hand and said, "You're not casting another fertility spell on me, are you? I literally just gave birth, like, a month ago, and I love Steve, and I love my daughter, but I am
Tony made another 'hmm' sound and said, "Yeah, let's have this conversation again when
Tony glared at him, unsure of what he was about to say but too into his discussion with Steve to care, and Bruce shrank back a little and said, "Never mind," allowing Steve and Tony to continue.
But Natasha just squeezed her eyes shut like she couldn't bear witness to Tony's delusion any longer, and she murmured a quiet and sad, "
move on mother nature's part.
to…" He swallowed and stole a quick glance at Tony. "Tony has to see this through to the end if he wants to live."
"Yeah, but I didn't think—" he started to say, and Tony's face began to fall like he suddenly realized he'd completely misread the earlier situation, but Steve shook his head and amended, "— nothing. Never mind."
Anyway, so Steve was a good artist, even if Tony got the feeling he was sometimes a little… unsure of his own abilities, and Steve, when it came down to it, really had no problem showing Tony whatever it was he was working on.
Tony closed his eyes and grimaced, and he groaned a little and pressed he heels of his palms into his eyes. God, he always felt so funny afterward whenever she did that.
"Really?"
"You people have abysmal taste in television viewing, but glad you mentioned 'wedding,'" Tony said and grabbed Steve's hand to pull him beside him. "Clear your schedules for tomorrow, guys and dolls. Steve and I are getting married."
"Yeah," Steve said. "I guess. I think the you I talked to said it was Olivia L—"
"What?" she asked again, and Tony realized then that they were alone, that Bruce and Barnes had gone somewhere else in the time he'd been dealing with the contraction.
"Oh," he said and felt a hot, painful blush spread from the apples of his cheeks to the tips of his ears. "I didn't— I mean I wasn't trying to—"
"What?"
"What? That maybe you did it on purpose? That you'd finally gotten me as you'd actually be able to accept me? That you knew I'd have to stay like this if you got me like that?"
"You keep calling her a 'he.' Why?"
…I really just want to be here."
Tony screeched as Steve went for all his weakest and most vulnerable spots — his ribs and under his arms and behind his knees. He squirmed and squealed and tried to fight him off, but his laughter betrayed him, and somehow, he found himself on his back against the spread of pillows, Steve over top of him, looming over him as he methodically hit every single one of Tony's weakened defenses.
Tony just waved him off again. "That's what I have you for. You can give me the Reader's Digest version of things. Now, get out of here before I make you sit down here and help me."
"Do you? Who's the one that has to come rescue you when you've been down here for over three days without food or sleep?"
Steve looked between Sam and Bucky, and he stuttered out a few confused non-replies before he all but sputtered, "
Steve stared at Tony a moment, and he chastised himself for thinking that Tony was acting kind of moody — like he had in the later months of pregnancy — only because his first thought was to wonder if Tony was pregnant again.
"Hmm? Oh, nothing. Just thinking out loud. Don't mind me. Geniuses do it all the time."
Steve stroked his hands over Tony's face and murmured a soft, "I'm sorry," and Tony shook his head and said, "
Steve picked his head up again and raised an eyebrow. "Anthony Stark or Natasha Carbonell?"
"Two?" the entire room chorused, and Thor continued to grimace at them.
Tony just glared at him. "I'm ashamed for you that you even feel the need to ask that." He pointed to someone two rows behind him. "You."
He swallowed but didn't falter because he couldn't dare take that chance. "Then why are you still here?"
Tony burst out laughing at this.
"I guess it couldn't hurt," he mused as Steve's phone buzzed, and he watched as Steve sat up, pulled it out of his pocket, looked at it, then frowned and sighed a little.
"Hmm?"
Oh, that was something to file away for another time.
He just swallowed and nodded, but as he drew his attention to his core and felt his way through that achy, sad feeling in his chest, he realized one very odd, very important fact.
He grunted out a moan and said a breathy, "Steve. Steve, please. Please get in me." He could feel Steve's cock hard and hot against his ass, and he thought for just a moment that maybe that would be OK, too, if they had some lube. But if his pussy wasn't serviced by a certain super solider sometime soon, he was going to fucking
looking at me like that! You know, we're in trouble if you ever turn evil, because if you asked me to burn the Earth to a charred cinder with that look on your face, I'd do it in a heartbeat."
Steve stepped back out of the bathroom, slight grimace on his face as he rubbed the back of his neck.
"Yeah?" He let his hands trail down to Steve's waistband, slipping his fingers in between the fabrics of his trousers and his dress shirt. "I'm feeling pretty good now."
Tony thought about playing it casual, but instead, he said, "Honestly? No. I am so fucking horny I don't know what to do with myself, and I had a horrible dream where I was raped by some fucking machine and forced into some life of pregnancy slavery where I was bound and gagged and told that I was good for nothing more than breeding little super soldiers."
over it. And you've stayed in fancier places than this. I know it's not much, but I have a few dollars to my name, and I thought—"
to know you're telling the truth, right? And, look, any of them start to ask anything nasty, all Steve has to do is give them that look that he has, and it'll shut them up quick."
He went to protest this, but Olivia chose at that moment to pipe up, "Papa, c'n I have another piece?"
Steve didn't seem to get the joke, and he frowned a little but said, "No,
"Come on, Steve!" Tony tried to reason one evening three weeks away from what he'd set in stone as his due-date when it was just the two of them and a child that had yet to settle down for the night. He rubbed his hand over his restless belly and said, "They just want to do something nice for us. It wouldn't be one of those stupid frilly ones, either. Really, it would just be a party where they give us stuff like cribs and diapers and those little outfit-things you put on them. All we have to do is show up, and they
Natasha tweaked a light smile at him. "Pretended to be healthcare workers. No one thought to verify their credentials."
"That you're too old for me."
"I'm not finished!" He ran a frustrated hand through his wet hair. "I can't do this again. I can't do this unless I
"So, she really is spoiled? Not just by us, but by—"
"Are you saying I have a fat face? Steve! He's telling me I have a fat face."
He struggled to his feet and cleaned himself up in the bathroom — Steve, evidently, had turned the shower water off at some point — and he yawned and rubbed his belly and made his way into the kitchen—
you're not going to leave, that you're not going to make the important decisions for us again without at least
"Welcome to Tony's church," he told Barnes, who just looked around like he wasn't sure what to make of the place and was ready to bolt at a moment's notice.
Progress, at any rate.
Tony frowned and watched as Steve yawned and went to grab his running clothes. "Uh, what did I just say about you
He blinked and shook his head. OK, maybe he'd been thinking about it more than he'd wanted to.
"Forty," he breathed out quietly.
He strolled on over to the atrium, casually, like he was just patrolling the area like he did every night at this time. Pepper was talking with a representative now, one that was most gladly going over floor plans and seating arrangements for the size and style of wedding that Pepper was planning. Steve was sure Pepper was being taken for a ride — price-wise, anyway — but the CEO of Stark Industries could afford it.
"Anything happens," he murmured, his gaze boring into Tony's, "JARVIS'll alert me. OK?"
"Don't call me 'the man with the plan' for nothing." He nudged Tony some and said, "Look, supper's getting cold, and I went to a lot of trouble to get JARVIS to order it up for me, especially considering that I could tell he was kind of mad at me."
"Doesn't look the same, does it?"
"Just keep in mind," Esmeralda said, sounding bored and like she was short on time, "this is the last time I'll see you for quite a while." She smiled a little and added, "Though, if I leave you like this, I suppose I won't have to come back for even longer, now will I?"
"Yeah? What do you hear?"
, sometimes it was nice to have that extra bit of room—
"Nah," he said with a shake of his head. "Which is why he's not allowed to give the battle reports on the Hulk to Bruce anymore. He's still the one that writes them up because he thinks anything that goes on the record should be as factual as possible—
Not something he felt comfortable telling Bucky at the moment though.
Natasha's face folded into sadness. "Tony—"
"Yeah, but I don't now."
it, but he didn't
Steve chuckled a little and squeezed him one more time, and he kissed his forehead and said, "I'm sorry, honey. You know, maybe that's what Esmeralda was? Some manifestation of that?"
"It just is. I didn't, uh, I didn't really get a chance to talk to Steve much. I mean, I guess I did but—"
Bruce shrugged. "If it's in his semen, it's in her DNA."
"I think you're having more fun than she is," he muttered and stacked a pile of clothing boxes atop each other. "How did she knock all this stuff down in the twenty seconds we weren't watching her?"
"It's
Barton rolled his eyes like he couldn't be bothered with the information while Wilson said, "Oh, hey, I remember that commercial! They used to show it when I was a kid."
about anything, all right? I'm not mad or sad or angry or— I'm
Tony just stared at him, trying to process what he'd been told and coming up only with error messages. "I'm sorry. Are you trying to freeze us out?"
He really wished Jarvis could have met Steve.
"Like what?"
old. Humans ordinarily cannot sense it, but if any humans could sense the bond, it would unquestionably be you two. You haven't had any recollections yet, have you?"
Tony liked the idea of it.
"The Tower? They left the building?"
Natasha just shrugged. "Maybe," she replied as Hill showed up with two packages in her hand.
Tony stopped pushing against him to gawk instead. Had he really just said—
He rolled his eyes. "Yeah, lady, maybe to you. But here on Earth, there's a lot to be said about identity and sex and gender."
he was expected to lead a team he himself had not chosen. He'd personally chosen all his Commandos. He'd trusted them, believed in them, knew they'd have his and each other's backs as much as he had theirs.
I can have you charged with. State law. Federal law. International law. Intergalactic law. I don't care."
"No! That can't— There's barely anything in here!"
He pushed forward with it. That was it. That was the breach in the armor. That was the hole in the dam. There was no possible way, if it was 2015, that Tony would talk as though they were still in any way relevant.
"This is Cap's baby," he continued. "Now, you don't think every Hydra fiefdom would love to get their hands on Captain America's baby? And trust me, there's a
He clamped his mouth shut and shook his head, and when he next started talking, it was as though he had changed the subject.
He went to ask what a 'deadbeat dad' was, but Tony continued on.
"You know," Tony said, getting off-topic for a second, "I'm sure JARVIS recorded the footage if you wanted to see… What? What's that—?
. I would have figured that being turned back into a man would totally negate this whole thing."
Tony's smile broadened, warm and maybe even a little flirty. "You could say that."
"Good, because I'm not sure I really got through to him before."
Rhodey just clicked his tongue and said, "You know, I
Bucky was the only one that he'd felt comfortable enough to share that with, and Bucky had made it his life's mission after that to get him set up with the 'right' kind of girl that would banish all those thoughts from his head.
"Mostly the ribbons," Steve said as he scanned over the mess beside him. "Who's all this stuff from, anyway?"
"Yep," he heard Tony say, "and that's why you're going down for a nap."
the man behind the image, all right? Actually, at that time, the man behind the image was sort of, kind of
"I was
But Steve shrugged and looked at his plate, pushing a strand of spaghetti around with the tines of his fork. "Wouldn't be the same. I used to…listen to the radio broadcasts coming from all those clubs. Like the Café Rouge, which was in the Hotel Pennsylvania, or…what was the one in the New Yorker? The Terrace Room, I think."
She huffed and rolled her eyes. "But I wanna be a flower girl again! Was a good flower girl, Papa?"
(And not just biologically. Thanks to the Hulk, adoption was out of the question, too.)
"That it's time you got over that guy no matter what he's telling the press."
that killed my parents."
Steve just nodded and finished fastening his helmet before he jumped, sans parachute, and Tony ran over to the open loading hatch and yelled after him, "
And yet, how crazy was it that his mother was not there, but her killer was?
He took a breath and nodded for Tony to hold out his left hand. He did so, and Steve very gently took hold of his hand to steady it and slid the band of gold down to the hilt of his ring finger. He made sure it was secure and then pulled Tony's hand up to his mouth and kissed the ring, gently brushing his lips over Tony's knuckles after he'd done so.
"What do you think it is? I'm going to go with at least nine inches. Sadly, Howard's notes were not as detailed as you might think. And girth. I hear a lot of people talking about girth. I mean, what the fuck good is nine inches if it's as thick as a standard No. 2 pencil? I mean, I'm just gonna assume it's thick, too. Thick and long. I mean, you've seen the rest of his limbs, right? Guy's a fucking tree — one of those big oaks or maples, not some spindly sapling. And a lot of people would probably assume given the time he comes from that he's uncut, but I'm gonna go against that. I'm gonna say he's cut. Why? His mother was a nurse. Plus, he was in the army during the war, and I think they did it to you regardless if you joined the service because it was supposed to cut down on infections and shit like that. What? Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Sure, babe," he said and patted Steve's very firm abdomen. "You keep telling yourself that."
Somehow, Steve knew not to encourage Tony's utterances, but it was hard not to at least crack a smile at the annoyance. Some of it was genuine, he was sure, but he was also certain that a lot of it was for show. Whether it was a general appearance Tony was accustomed to putting on for everyone or it was a special performance just for him, he couldn't say. The only thing he could say for absolute certain was that Tony was just…something else, something wonderful, something he never wanted to give up.
