"Okay," Cas agrees. "But perhaps we should put on pants first."
By the time Cas pulls his fingers out, his hand and Dean’s chin are both sloppy with spit.
Sam’s voice booms through the crypt and Dean and Cas startle apart, though they don't have the time to get very far.
“No, it’s…it’s good,” Dean says. Because it
"I got my ears pierced,” Dean says. "Cas thinks it's hot."
Dean smiles. “I want to make you
Dean grits his teeth and breathes in harshly, gripping tightly at the knife in his pocket. That, at least, is real. He’s real. It doesn’t feel like he’s taking in real air, but Dean can feel his lungs expand, can feel his chest rise and fall with the motions of breathing. He puts his left hand over his heart, curling it over the edge of his jacket. His heart beats beneath his palm.
Dean doesn’t know if it’s a conscious choice on Cas’ part, to have his body react like a human’s, like
Dean groans and throws his head back, fucking Cas’ fist on instinct.
Dean had scoffed grumpily at him, but he is thinking that it might be nice to take Cas out after, maybe to some place better than a diner or a bar. Not that it would matter to Cas. Maybe they'll just find a nice deserted place to fuck in the Impala.
“Just because I have access to all pop culture does not mean I remember every reference,” Cas grumbles. “I had to think about it.”
"You wouldn't understand," Dean says. "It's a gay thing."
“Hello, Dean.”
? What is wrong with him?
Dean knows it isn’t Cas, that something else is controlling him, because even though Cas had betrayed them, it had never been like this between them. Cas has always been intense, righteous even when he’s wrong, he’s always looked at Dean like he was staring at Dean’s soul, and hell, maybe he was.
Cas shifts and lays his head on Dean’s shoulder. “Thank you, Dean,” he says, like last time.
Gradually, things start to change. It’s as if the air, or lack of it, that Dean is moving through has started to thicken. Each step feels heavier, more difficult. Abruptly, Dean is exhausted. His very soul feels like it’s been drained. The urge to lie down is strong, too strong.
Cas doesn’t say anything, just keeps running his hands up and down Dean’s sides and trails his mouth over to kiss behind his ear.
“That’s different!” Sam insists. “Come on, Dean, stop playing dumb.”
Dean clings to him and tries not to cry. It’s stupid, it doesn’t hurt, and it’s
“I am, I am,” Dean pants.
Dean catches himself on his own knees, curling his hands into the worn denim. “Cas?” he calls back. It had sounded like Cas,
“Cas?” he calls out. He says it, thinks it, calls to Cas with his voice and his thoughts, a plea, a prayer.
Cas slips his finger across Dean’s tongue, runs it over his teeth, catches his lower lip, pulling it down before leeing it pop back up, Cas’ finger continuing its way over Dean’s chin, down his throat, leaving a warm trail of Dean’s own spit.
It’s nice, that freedom to be a little selfish.
“Come on, Cas, I know you’re in here,” Dean says. “Don’t-don’t ignore me, okay, just ‘cause…just ‘cause I couldn’t…” His throat feels thick, closing on the emotions, on the regret, that Dean couldn’t say more in the moment, that what he did say had sealed Cas’ fate. “Cas, please.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam says. He stands up, Jack going with him. “We’ll give you two some time, yeah?” he says.
By the time Cas is back to Dean’s hips, kneading at the muscles of his ass, nibbling at the base of his spine, Dean is arching for it, panting into the pillow, too turned on to think too hard about Cas’ gentleness, at his attentions on Dean’s ass.
“I’m sorry, I only meant to come to you, I didn’t know Dean would be here.”
“Nothin’,” Dean says. He can’t resist the temptation to reach out and touch Cas, to run his hand up and down his skin, to watch his hand leave gooseflesh in its wake.
Cas still looks upset as his hand makes contact with Dean’s face, and it’s excruciating, just the pressure of it, for half a second and then there’s the warm rush of Cas’ grace, familiar and completely unexpected.
“We’ve
Cas groans, deep in his chest. “Are you going to fuck me, Dean?” he asks.
Cas hums, and Dean can
Dean’s never really thought about the weather as its own thing before, only how it would affect a hunt or a drive. If the rain would wash away evidence and make things even harder to see. If Baby could make it through a snowfall. If the sun would cast their shadows at just the wrong angle and give them away.
Cas removes his fingers and Dean whines.
“’M here,” Dean murmurs, unable to resist the temptation to lick at the line of Cas’ stubble where it spills over his chin and down his throat.
Dean’s own smile is hesitant, unsure. “Well, thanks for comin’,” he ends up saying.
“What?” Sam says. “When? With who?”
Dean lifts his hand, broken and then healed by Cas, cupping his jaw. Cas’ stubble is rough against his palm, and the callouses on Dean’s thumb catch on the dry skin of his lips.
Cas obeys, sliding back and snatching the lube from Dean, pouring more on his own hand before wrapping it around Dean’s cock.
“If you don’t want-” Cas starts, but Dean stops him with a pinch to his waist.
“I won’t be,” Dean says. “The empty doesn’t keep humans. Jack said.”
“You’re amazin’,” Dean slurs, groaning as he stretches his body out.
Benny looks at him curiously, but he doesn’t say anything further. Eventually Dean is able to get his breathing back under some semblance of control. He’s anxious, waiting for Benny to try and talk about it, but he never does, and eventually Dean is able to relax into some semblance of sleep.
Cas makes another breathy sound and kisses Dean again, mimicking him, sliding his hands under Dean’s t-shirt and dragging them up his spine.
“What will it do to me?” Dean asks. Part of it is because he’s supposed to. It’s hard to care overmuch about what might happen to him. He doubts there’s any kind of eternal celestial torment that could be worse that the hole Cas ripped open in his chest.
Dean does laugh then.
“You sayin’ I shouldn’t distract you?” Dean says, teasing, as he runs the pads of his fingers up Cas’ hardening cock.
"You're welcome," she says, smiling.
Dean shrugs. "Not my first time being stabbed," he says.
The discomfort vanishes in an instant, healed by Cas, but Dean hardly notices it in the first place. The mug is gone one instant later anyways, and he can press himself fully up against Cas, from mouth to knee as he slots his leg between Cas’.
It's weird. Dean isn't nervous. He feels...excited. It hits him then, that getting his ear pierced isn't something that the Dean Winchester who Chuck wrote about would do. It's not something John Winchester would have ever raised him to do. It's unexpected. It's freeing. He looks over at Cas and grins.
And he'd had those thoughts, but he shoved them away under mountains of denial and excuses. Of "but he's an angel" and "he's my bestfriend" and "he's family". He'd admired Cas' face, his strong jaw, his check bones, the blue of his eyes the same way he had the width of his shoulders, the charm of his messy hair. He had put it aside to place he had filed away the way Cas looked at him sometimes, and the way he had looked at Cas in return. Buried it beneath years of practice at denying himself his happiness. Buried it beneath the denial. Cas was a man, or at least, he inhabited one, and Dean couldn't afford that. The tricks he used to turn had been for money, money for Sammy, and the few boys his own age that he had kissed, they had been practice, curiosity. Benny had been desperate companionship at the edge of the world, they had needed each other, needed the connection to stay sane. There were no excuses for his feelings about Cas, so he had pretended.
Dean gapes openly. There’s three pairs of wings, the topmost pair the largest of the three, arcing over the other two. They’re black, at least at first look, but the next second they’re shimmering, shifting, like an oil slick, Dean thinks, a black so deep that it’s reflecting rainbows, reds and purples, greens and blues.
They should all get up, probably, the four of them kneeling in a mess of papers scattered from the rush of the portal, spattered with Dean’s blood, but before anyone can move Jack is pressing against Dean’s chest, arms spread in an awkward kind of four way hug, and Dean finally, finally, exhales.
Dean’s breath leaves him in an “oof”, but he doesn’t mind. Cas is warm and solid, even if he’s fucking heavy. Dean just keeps petting his hair.
Cas flaps them again in response, a little bit harder this time. It ruffles their hair, the sheets, the weapons on the wall.
"Awesome,” Dean says.
Cas smiles in that way he has when he thinks he’s been clever. “I thought a joke might relax you,” he says. And then, with no further pause, he swallows Dean’s cock.
Cas’ wings flutter as he smiles.
“C’mon,” he says, voice low and rough, almost a match to Cas’ own.
Cas doesn’t jerk back, instead he tilts his left wing closer to Dean’s questing hand. It feels the same way it had earlier, smooth, warm, light. It’s hard for Dean to describe, to understand really, the miracle of what he’s seeing, experiencing. And if this is just an approximation…he thinks he can understand why people who see angels in their true form lose their minds.
He pulls out slowly, making every inch of it count, making Dean feel it, really feel him, adjust to him, before shoving back in.
Oh. That’s something Dean can understand. “It’s fine,” he says. “I closed my eyes.”
“Yeah, yes,” Dean says into Cas’ mouth, and it’s torture to let go of him for long enough to get his arms out of the sleeves. Then Dean’s flannel is on the floor and his hands are back at Cas’ hips, dipping into his waistband, pulling out his shirttails and running his hands up under Cas’ shirt, fingers grasping at warm skin.
"That's why I said 'lover' and not ‘fuck buddy’,” Cas continues, still smirking.
It feels huge. It feels fucking terrifying.
Cas flinches. “Dean,” he says quietly.
It’s like living a video of his own life. It’s very weird.
Dean shrugs. It's not like he's given it that much thought. But now that the idea is in his brain, he kind of likes it. "It's a thing," he says. "For, you know, guys like us.”
Cas gets up and leans over to peer at Dean's ear as Jessica moves to his other side.
Dean shivers. He’s done this before, to a few of the more adventurous girls he’d been with, but he’s never had anyone do it to him. He’s glad that it’s Cas.
Dean sits down on the table and smiles at Jessica.
Jessica’s touch is swift and professional, and soon enough she's poking at his ears with a marker. "There,” she announces. "Take a look and tell me what you think.”
Dean’s hands clutch around the sheets where they’re resting under his pillow.
Then there was Cas. Cas who made him laugh who made him smile. Who made Dean's stomach swoop in ways too terrifying to examine. Cas who Dean couldn't breathe without. He hadn’t meant to fall in love with Cas, hadn’t even really noticed that he had until it was too late.
He gasps into Cas’ mouth, opening his mouth to Cas’ tongue, which sweeps in, flicking against Dean’s, running across Dean’s teeth, the roof of his mouth, everywhere, like Cas can’t get enough of Dean’s mouth.
He can’t see himself with Aaron. He can’t picture what it would be like to bend down and kiss him, can’t picture what it would be like to cup his face and lean in close, can’t picture what it would be like to press his body against Aaron’s.
“I…I do not
Cas looks over his shoulder in the dream and smiles at Dean.
“It was you,” Cas says. “You broke the connection. Naomi couldn’t make me kill you because you love me.”
“Dean!” Sam says, and now he sounds genuinely affronted. “You shouldn’t call yourself that! And…well you are kind of freak, but not because of
"You wouldn't," Cas says confidently, sitting in the chair Jessica directs him to, and Dean is distracted.
“Dean,” Cas says.
Then Cas gets his mouth around Dean’s right nipple and Dean arches hard, a cry escaping him. Maybe he
Cas startles a little, and stumbles closer.
Sam shoves him. "Cas, you have terrible taste in men," he says.
Cas growls in response and slips the fingers of his other hand under the band of Dean’s jeans. It’s a tease, nowhere near enough contact.
Dean wants to laugh, it’s weird, hearing Cas talk that way, but it also goes straight to his dick, twitching against his sheets. “Yeah,” he pants. “Yeah, Cas, you can eat my ass.”
Dean sighs into Cas’ neck. He lets Cas’ sense of peace sink into him, relaxing even further.
"You know you're only like, one hallway away from your room, right?"
“Oh,” is all Cas says.
“But I’m not like that,” Sam says. His tone is so plaintive that he’s one step away from whining. “I’m not Dad.”
Dean laughs. “It worked, didn’t it? Got us back?”
Jessica smiles at him. "Wanna take a look?"
When Dean lifts his head, the room is clean again, papers back in place, blood gone. Cas is still resting with his head on Dean’s collarbone, breaths even. Sam pulls back a little, smiling at Dean, giving his shoulder a little shake.
Dean growls a little and drags his teeth up the column of Cas’ throat. Still, the only thing they’ve gotten off is Cas’ coat and his tie and this is already likely the hottest experience of Dean’s life.
Cas bites at his lips and then fucks Dean’s mouth with his tongue.
Cas looks back over at him then, down his nose, imperious, looking for all the world like the other pompous, sticks-up-their-asses angels Dean’s met.
“Uh, yeah, it kind of does,” Sam says. “You kissed
“Hm,” Cas says, and Dean can picture him squinting.
Dean takes several hurried steps forward, head turning, searching. “Cas!”
“I’m trying,” Cas complains, his voice low.
Like the rest of them, Dean chooses to ignore it. But the longer they’re with Cas, the more pointed the looks become. Every time Cas and Dean stare at each other a little too long, a little too intensely, every time their touches linger, every time they stand a little bit too close together.
Dean nods and tilts his head so his forehead meets Cas’ fingers.
, and Dean groans, pushing back into it.
Cas nuzzles at the crook of Dean’s knee again and then rests his head against it. “May I touch you?” he asks.
Jessica was right. Dean feels the pressure build at the top of his ear, and he feels it when it breaks through.
“I’ll come back,” Cas promises. He seals it with a kiss, a hard, quick press of his mouth to Dean’s, before there’s the rush of air and the sound of wings and Cas is gone.
“Something like that,” Cas agrees. “My core is energy. It is easiest for the human mind to translate that as fire. The wheels are…rings. Circling manifestations of intent, of thought, of direction.”
“Nice to meet you Dean,” Jessica says, holding her hand out to shake. "I'm going to be piercing you today.”
Sam does know him, at least in some ways.
“Cas!” Dean repeats louder. He steps closer to him, reaching his hand out. His heart pounds wildly. “Castiel! You turn around, and you fucking look at me!”
Cas settles his hand on the handprint again.
“Why?” Cas asks. He must have put the tablet somewhere, the pockets of his coat, or a pocket in the dimensions or whatever, because his hands are suddenly free, his left spread out across the center of Dean’s chest, his right coming up to cup Dean’s face.
Cas’ eyes spark and he nods, lips parting, tongue sweeping out and across them.
Dean doesn’t deserve it. He knows he doesn’t. He’s just…a human. A fuck up. Daddy’s blunt little instrument, and he hadn’t even been good at that. He’d fucked up so many times, at everything, at keeping Sammy safe, at keeping the world safe, at keeping Cas safe. He can hear the echo of his own voice, cruel and harsh, sending Cas away, snapping at him, yelling at him.
Cas shrugs. "I think he's charming. And his skill in bed makes up for his unfortunate humor."
“You are beautiful,” Cas says, simple, earnest, the way he’s been the whole time. “It is a privilege to see you so.”
Cas seems to like that, fucking harder, faster.
“Great,” Dean says with false cheer, clapping his hands together. “Let’s do this thing.”
Cas presses back into the fingertips, gasping quietly. “Dean,” he says.
He takes another step.
Dean hardly thinks. Emotion overwhelms him. His mind is a riot of relief and fuckin’ joy, just as seeing Cas. After a year of Purgatory, of washed out forests and Leviathans, and scavenging survival, after a year of prayer, Cas in here. He doesn’t have enough thought left to be embarrassed about the way he wraps himself around Cas, full-bodied and desperate.
“Yeah, Cas, come on, like that, just like that. Fuck me, really fuck me. Come in my ass, Cas.”
He drags his fingers down, slowly, and Dean outright moans when he drags them against his prostate. “Oh, fuck, Cas,” he says.
“Dean,” Cas says, and just Dean’s name in his voice sounds wondering, rapturous. It just makes Dean’s heart pound harder,
, they’re saying.
“Um," Dean says, feeling stupid. Fuck, he should have looked this up first. "The normal one?"
“It’s just a little blood,” Dean says. “I’ll be fine.” And then he cuts. He cuts deep enough, precise enough that the blood starts pouring from the veins in his arm, thick and red, iron and earth and human. He steps closer to Cas and smears his arm across Cas’, making sure to get it on the bared skin of Cas’ hand. He wraps his bleeding arm around Cas’ neck and doesn’t let go.
When they’re not actively engaged in sex the connecting is less overwhelming. Like this, Dean is mostly flooded with the sensation of Cas’ love, all-consuming and intense yes, but also Cas’ happiness, warm and light and peaceful.
Cas takes the unpierced cartilage of Dean’s right ear in his teeth gently.
“Yeah, with
“What does that mean?” Dean asks, crossing his arms over his chest. He feels vulnerable, open to Cas’ piercing gaze and the warmth of his presence in his mind.
Cas is quick about it, and this time when he slides two fingers into Dean’s ass, it’s smooth and easy. Dean rocks his hips into Cas’ fingers before lifting up on his knees to properly fuck himself on them.
“Dean,” he moans, like he’s helpless to do anything else. His hands come up too, roving restlessly, petting through Dean’s hair, tracing across the tips of his ears, his brow. There’s no reason for it, but the gentle sweep of Cas’ thumb across Dean’s eyebrow makes his heart clench in a fit of emotion.
“We had a deal,” the Empty says, voice everyone’s, and no one’s, at once.
Dean's so used to driving for days at a time that this drive, even the three hours that it was, seems short. He parks Baby on the street in front of an eclectic collection of storefronts. There's a second-hand clothes store, a tea shop, and an office supply store between them and the unassuming facade of the piercing parlor.
"Left,” Dean says. He likes the idea of looking two different ways.
Dean breathes hot, wet air through the fabric of Cas’ boxers, just to hear another groan.
“Sounds good,” Dean says. It all sounds very careful. He kind just thought she would stab him.
“I broke the lamp,” Cas says.
Cas’ fingers stroke across Dean’s shoulder, up to his neck, pressing lightly.
Dean frowns at him. “Why...why would I forget something?” he demands, voice going harsher than he intends in a sudden rush of adrenaline. “Who...what...did something to my mind?”
“Dean,” Cas groans. “Oh, Dean.”
Cas pulls back a bit to frown at him.
Before Dean can think about it too much, there’s another shift of the air, and the touch against his fingers disappears. The air settles, the energy dissipating, the pressure returning.
Dean can’t wait to see if it’s turned his nose pink.
Dean lifts his hand and traces the shape of Cas’ ear.
“Dean,” Cas says.
“Because!” Sam says, throwing his hands up in exasperation. “You’ve never done that before!”
“I enjoy pleasing you,” Cas says, then demonstrates, crooking his fingers.
“Will you turn over for me, Dean?” Cas asks, eyes dark and intense.
Cas pets through the back of Dean’s hair. It’s nice, and Dean feels himself relaxing into the sensation, floating somewhere between wakefulness and sleep.
Cas’ blade clangs to the floor and he picks up the tablet.
Dean groans and tosses his head back as he’s filled with Cas’ perfect fucking cock.
Dean loves Cas, and he's not afraid of it.
Dean exhales and lets his body relax to Cas. This is different, at least for sex, for Dean. Time had always been an issue with and Dad and Sam around, with another case to work, with a monster on the loose. Dean’s partners had by and large gone straight for it, for his mouth, his cock, his ass, with the occasional detours to places like his nipples, his hips, his balls. But Cas…Cas is simply pressing kisses up the line of Dean’s spine, from his midback all the way up to the spot between his shoulder blades, where he presses his teeth gently against the skin.
“Why is he
“Oh my god, his
Cas makes a pleased noise, muffled of course by Dean’s ass, and Dean’s next breath is stuttery, broken.
There’s no response.
Cas shakes his head, his hair tickling Dean’s chin. “I didn’t need you to,” he says.
Cas shakes his head. “I made a deal.”
“Do you know where we’re going?” Dean asks.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “I mean, you know.” He tries shrugging, anything to make him feel less exposed and raw. “I was into you. I, uh, am. Into you. So I thought about you when I was…you know.”
Cas pulls back a little and instead turns his focus on giving Dean a hickey on his right ass cheek.
Cas tilts his head again. "Guys like us?"
Cas hides his own sniggers against the skin of Dean’s neck.
“Ah, um, it’s okay,” Sam says awkwardly. “Can you, uh, fix it?”
“I love you, and I’m going to fuck you,” Cas says, deep and firm.
It builds, and builds, the tension growing, building.
“I’m glad,” Cas says. He fucks Dean easy and slow with his fingers, long thrusts in and out, until there’s barely any resistance. The third finger is thicker than Dean is used to and it makes him gasp.
"You really like the earrings huh?"
“That’s not what I meant,” Sam interrupts.
Cas tilts his head into the touch. “You shouldn’t be here,” he says.
“Oh,” Dean says. “Well, you make me forget,” he accuses, leaning in to kiss Cas again.
Dean’s heart and stomach lurch in his chest.
Cas nudges him with his shoulder in signal for Dean to pull back enough for the two of them to slide off their barstools without colliding. Cas takes Dean’s hand once they’re standing, and Dean pretends like it doesn’t make his heart beat faster and his chest feel warm.
Benny seems to drop after that, a reprieve which Dean is grateful for. So long as he doesn’t say anything, Dean can keep ignoring the significant
Cas lets Dean lead this time, lets Dean stick his tongue in his mouth, tasting more of him, glorying in the fact that he gets to kiss Cas now, that he hadn’t lost the change. That all those could-have-beens, those maybes, are in the past.
“This alright?” he asks. “It don’t hurt or nothin’?”
Dean snorts, but it’s not amused, it’s harsh and ugly. “What-the-fuck-ever,” he grumbles. “Thought you were supposed to be smart.”
“No,” Cas says. “I found the experience…quite pleasurable.”
Jessica stands, lining up with the top of Dean's ear. "Deep breath in," she says.
“Cas,” he gasps, and Cas responds by fucking him harder with his tongue. Relentless wet pushes, in and out, wet and warm. Cas’ tongue is firm but it has give, lets Dean clench around it.
He stops walking and clenches his left hand around the edge of his jacket. He doesn’t deserve Cas’ love or his devotion. He knows that. Has known that.
Dean exhales to calm his racing heart and presses his lips to Cas’ hair. “I’m the one who didn’t say it back,” he points out. “The first time. I’m sorry, Cas, I should have.”
Cas pulls his hand back, but Dean’s fingers are still wrapped around his wrist, just like Cas’ are wrapped around Dean’s no longer broken one.
"Lover' makes it sound like we're fucking," Dean grumbles.
“Then what?” Cas prompts. He runs his big warm hands up Dean’s torso, his touch curious, all wandering palms and undefined patterns. “I would know if you had been injured.”
“But I should have,” Dean says. “Because…it’s true.”
“What the fuck,” Dean grumbles. He thought for sure that Sam was going to make himself scarce for a while yet. If there’s another apocalypse already Sam can handle it by his damn self.
Dean smiles into the pillow. “Yeah, but, I want-” He swallows. He’s never asked for it before. It had been expected from the tricks, when Dean had been young and pretty and willowy. His face heats at just the thought of it, humiliation swirling in his gut.
Cas simply says, “You slept well?” and looks satisfied when Dean nods.
Cas pushes on his hip and Dean obeys, stumbling backwards.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, his voice all gravel. He’s staring at Dean again, but this time, with the nice easy haze of an orgasm still hanging around him, it’s easier to accept. He meets Cas’ gaze easily. “Thank you,” Cas says.
“Uh, right, okay,” Dean says stupidly, because now Cas’ cock is there, long and red, standing up against his stomach, leaking already. He’s tried so hard, so fucking hard not to imagine Cas’ cock before, has failed as often as he’d succeeded. He wants it, badly. He wants
“Yes.”
“I love you,” Cas sighs, breathing the truth into Dean’s skin.
“Later,” Jack says, with a smile. The he’s gone, just like that.
“Yes,” Cas says again.
Cas starts glowing, bright, so bright that Dean has to shut his eyes and turn his face. The light from Cas expands, explodes around the room and Dean is sure that this is it.
Dean steps closer to Cas, wanting to wipe the guilty look off his face. “I forgive you,” he says.
Dean swallows. “No, not too sensitive,” he manages, voice raspy. “Yes, you can.”
“Opening it isn’t the same as
Dean gasps and crumples the sheets further in his hands. Cas’ tongue is just licking, tasting the skin around Dean’s asshole, the skin below it, his chin and his stubble scraping against the underside of Dean’s balls when he angles his face a certain way. It’s already almost too much, and Cas’ tongue isn’t even in his ass yet. Dean really, really hopes that Cas likes how he tastes. Oh, god, when’s the last time he showered?
Cas stands behind Dean and puts his hand on his shoulder. "They do suit you," he says, voice low, before he kisses the space behind Dean's newly pierced right ear.
Dean would hide his face by flinging an arm over it, but that would mean he’d have to stop touching Cas, and he can’t bring himself to do that.
Dean gasps.
It’s not how he pictured them reuniting.
“Everything okay, Cas?” Dean asks, watching him. Cas seems...anxious about something.
“I wanted to talk to you about something,” Jack says. “I can come back later.”
Cas chuckles and gives Dean a small smile that Dean is slowly realizing is one Cas gives when he thinks Dean is being cute. He’s been doing it for years.
“Of course," Dean says, fishing out one of his fakes. He really needs an identity that isn't dead or wanted for murder. Maybe if Sam ever nuts up and gets Eileen a ring they can all become Leahys.
“I’m not injured,” Dean assures him, because he doesn’t want Cas to worry. He doesn’t want to see the little furrow between his eyebrows when he pulls his face out of the pillow. He keeps up his petting of Cas’ thigh. “I’m just…”
“Good boy,” Cas says quietly and Dean shivers all over. Cas kisses his back again and fucks him mercilessly, dragging his fingers out slowly before shoving them in again, aim dead on to Dean’s prostate.
“I didn’t know,” Cas says. “I didn’t know, and Naomi couldn’t understand. What I feel for you. What you feel for me. She couldn’t prepare me for it.”
Dean’s never been touched like this before, but it’s not unpleasant, so he lets Cas do as he likes, tasting the sweat on Dean’s skin, exploring the textures of it, Dean thinks. Cas’ hand rubs around the ball of Dean’s ankle, gently soothing, as he bites experimentally into the meat of Dean’s calf.
Cas continues to kiss down Dean’s arm, lifting his right arm as he does, until he gets to Dean’s hand, where he drops a kiss on the center of his palm, and then moves onto each fingertip.
“Hey,” he says, relaxing back into Cas’ hold. “You know if you really wanted to you could use your mojo to heal it up so you can bite my ear like you so obviously want to.”
“I should go,” Cas says, looking down at his empty hands. “I need to protect the tablet.”
But it’s worth a shot.
Dean would know it was a dream even without having been told. The forest surrounding them is impossible; trees too tall to have leaves within grabbing height, too large to be so close together, yet Cas and Dean are surrounded by it all, the trees around them thankfully full of color and life, green moss underfoot and equally green leaves above, in touching distance even though they shouldn’t be.  The trees crowded together to create a comforting shelter of bark.
“Good,” Dean says, feeling warm and sappy and stupid.
Dean tugs at his tie, ruffling Cas further, before he shifts on his knees, stretching up and over Baby’s front seat. And it is a stretch, to reach the glove box where he keeps a tube of lube, and Cas takes the opportunity to paw at Dean’s hip, his ribs, where his shirts have ridden up to expose his skin.
Dean feels himself go warm, but not hot in the humiliated way. He feels...seen. Recognized. It's a nice feeling.
Mornings with Cas have become their own sort of routine. Cas sleeps now, just like he eats and shits (and hadn't that been something of a shock to all of them, even Cas, who had shot up out of his chair and disappeared into the bathroom, fast as if he'd found another apocalypse in there. Dean had just been grateful that Cas had already done a stint as a human and hadn't been completely unprepared.)
Dean raises an eyebrow, but Cas stares calmly back, lifting his own hand to Dean’s mouth.
“I’ve got ya,” Dean says.
before, the desire to see if they can press close enough that they wouldn’t have to separate again.
“I hate you, fucking bitch,” Dean says.
“Cas, what’re you doing?” he asks, his voice rough.
sexual urges. That Cas has spent time fantasizing about sex with
Sam snorts. "Alright, cool guy," he says.
“You intended to find me,” Cas says, nodding. “And now, we intend to leave.”
Dean exhales shakily to match. “Cas,” he sounds, his voice breaking again. He buries his face into Cas’ hair and tries to hang on.
“I know you’re in there,” Dean says. He doesn’t know what’s happened, why Cas, Dean’s Cas, the real Cas, with his soft smiles and deep eyes has gone, but he’d been there before, in Purgatory, and he’d been there in their shitty motel room, when he looked at Dean and admitted his fear of Heaven. He’s there, Dean just has to reach him. For Cas’ sake as much as his. “I know you can hear me,” he continues. His right hand is still throbbing, broken, and captive by Cas’ iron grip, but Dean reaches out with his left.
Dean shrugs. "Do you think it would look hot?"
get hard again. He definitely feels like his whole body is on fire, bright sparks chaining just under his skin, lighting him up from the inside out everywhere Cas touches.
Jessica smiles over at him. "I like to do this in front of customers, so you can see,” she says. "You can see me open the packages, and see me clean them as well."
“Dean! Dean?”
Dean yelps and can’t help bucking into Cas’ throat. It doesn’t seem to matter though, because Cas has apparently decided that what he wants is to go straight to deep throating.
Cas runs his fingers through the strands of hair it leaves fluffed up, smiling something small and gentle.
It’s nice enough, Dean thinks, the soft brush of the water hitting his skin, the cool feeling it leaves behind. The smell of the wet air and the wet earth. The warmth of Cas’ hand in his.
He's not sure what this bright young thing with already glittering ears must think of him, in his forties and clueless, but her smile is warm and friendly.
“I’ll make you walk,” Dean threatens, but the banter is making his muscles relax.
Dean nods eagerly, his excitement returning.
, the way he carries himself, the way he speaks, the tilt of his head and the quint of his eyes.
Then Cas’ fingers open and his blade falls to the floor with a clatter. Cas blinks and lets go of Dean’s arm.
Dean groans and feels himself go boneless, relaxing under Cas.
“What?” Dean murmurs against the thin skin under Cas’ jaw.
Benny blinks, still so close that Dean could count his eyelashes. He absolutely does not.
Cas picks his head up and smiles at Dean, slow and sweet.
Cas gasps.
“Dean,” Sam says, in his serious voice.
It's as clear a declaration of love as the words themselves. Dean’s heart pounds in reciprocation.
Dean grunts. He goes back to cutting through the brush, frustrated that it doesn’t part for him. He’s frustrated at the conversation, that Benny would talk about the things he’d rather not, and frustrated at his own stupid feelings bubbling up inside him. He shoves them aside. There’s no time for that, not now. “Don’t got any other friends,” he grumbles instead, careful to continue avoiding eye contact.
“Sounds cool,” Dean says, because, well, it does. It’s hard to imagine, especially because he’s so used to Cas, used to seeing him as he appears to Dean. Sometimes it’s easy to forget that Cas is a being of magnificent celestial power. He’s just…Cas. Dean’s Cas. “Wish I could see you without losin’ my eyes.”
Then Cas kisses him and Dean’s eyes slide shut again. He puts his hands on Cas’ hips and opens his mouth and lets himself be kissed.
Cas cups his hands in the space behind Dean's ears and kisses back, sweet and excited.
Cas pushes forward kissing him again, and this time, it’s wet and real.
Benny gives him another one of his
“Dude,” Dean objects.
Benny had been right.
“I can feel it,” Cas says. “I have…manifested my wings in an approximation of their true shape.”
Dean grins at him. “Told ya, Sammy.”
humming deep in his chest as he runs his big, warm hands up Dean’s stomach. Dean’s abs aren’t as cut, as defined as the used to be, softened by time and beer and a steady supply of food, but Cas doesn’t seem to mind, switching to leading with his nails, scraping them down through the light hair on Dean’s stomach, leaving red lines in their wake.
“Jesus, Cas,” he says, heart racing. “I thought we trained you out of doing that.”
“Dean, Dean, Dean,” Cas is chanting, breathy against Dean’s mouth.
“I feel it when you call for me,” Cas says.
“They are more…integrated with my true form,” Cas says. “I do not, technically speaking, have a back. My wings are intertwined with the rest of my body.”
“I’m…not sure,” Jack admits. “The Empty isn’t bound by physical laws. He could be anywhere.”
Dean groans again, deep in his chest.
“Fuck you too,” Sam calls, but it’s good-natured.
And if Dean can’t take care of him, well, hopefully an angel can. It does feel like begging, it feels like something dark and sad, to be praying to Cas when he’s not even sure Cas is listening. If whatever is going on to make him seem so off makes him not care.
Dean gasps and tries to stay very still and not dislodge Cas.
“Okay,” Cas says agreeably, and then his hands are between them too, tangling with Dean’s as he opens Dean’s jeans. Cas shoves Dean’s pants and underwear to his ankles with one firm push, and then he’s grabbing handfuls of Dean’s bare ass again.
Cas kisses back, open and inviting.
There’s a million things Dean could say in response, swagger, and pride, but what comes out is an earnest, “Thanks.” He would be embarrassed, but he’s too turned on, overwhelmed, by the scent of Cas, by the taste of him, by how Cas’s hips feel cupped in Dean’s palms, by the tug of Cas’ fingers in Dean’s hair, by the breathy, pleased noises Cas keeps making.
But Cas had given it to him anyways. The least Dean can do is repay him for it.
“Even when I’m not prayin’?”
“Gorgeous,” Cas murmurs lowly, and Dean shivers. He runs a finger down Dean’s spine, following the dip all the way to the top of Dean’s ass. He fans his hands out across the top of it, pressing into the muscle before he drags them up to Dean’s waist.
Cas pinches his thigh.
it, both his vocalization, pressed together as they are, but also the feeling of his grace, sweeping out across him. Beside them, the lamps repair themselves and click on again, glowing softly.
Cas is looking at him in that intense way he has, like he’s looking into Dean, into his core, seeing who he really is. Fuck, maybe with his angel mojo that’s exactly what he’s doing.
But Cas is pecking at his lips, ridiculous just a little bit, short sweet presses and Dean doesn’t want to remember anyone else, only wants to think about Cas’ stubble, only wants to think about the way Cas tastes, deep and bright all at the same time. Like liquor with lemon in it, or…something. Dean’s never been so poetic, even in his head with anyone else, but Cas is making his mind buzz, his blood thrum and sing.
Luckily the kid doesn't seem to be about to kick his old ass out. "A lobe piercing?" she asks, flicking one of the rings in her own ear.
"He can come back with us," Jessica says kindly.
It’s Benny who pushes Cas, prods him into admitting that he’d fled on purpose, out of a misguided attempt to protect Dean. Dean overrides both their objections to his plan. So what if Cas is some kind of leviathan beacon? It all feels so much easier now that Cas is back at his side. Dean feels confident, sure, and he dismisses both Benny’s and Cas’ doubts easily.
Cas lifts his head. “Please do not speak about Jack during sex,” he says, deadpan.
Cas steps away a moment later and Dean remembers to exhale.
There’s a burst of light, so strong that Dean could swears he feels the waves of it. He closes his eyes instinctively, and throws his arm over them as the light pierces through his eyelids. It’s golden, and warm, and makes Dean’s heart pound and his breath catch in his chest. The air feels heavy with it, charged, powerful, but not scary.
He opens her door for Cas, stepping aside so Cas can slide in first.
Dean nods.
“You do,” Cas says, and Dean can tell he means it.
“It’s not direction that matters,” Cas says again. “It is intent.”
Dean’s breath stops in his chest, watching his angel come on top of him, because of him, and then Cas is kissing him and Dean forgets who he is, where he is. All he knows is that he belongs to Cas, that Cas belongs to him.
Dean can feel himself relax against Cas' chest. "We talking about Baby?” he asks. "Or you?"
“Come on, Cas, I don’t know what game you’re playing, but I don’t like it,” Dean snaps, striding towards him. He stops just short of coming into contact with Cas, afraid, so afraid, that he’ll disappear when he does.
“Holy shit,” Dean says. “Cas…they’re…wow.”
Dean spins around, stumbling again.
“I know, you’re very particular about that point,” Benny says. “‘S why I’m askin’.”
"It's the right ear then,” she says with a smile.
This close he’s treated to the up close and personal view of Cas’ throat working as he swallows, as he talks to the bartender.
Dean blinks up at Cas, who is currently yanking his shirt off, and throwing it aside. “I want you naked,” he says, shoving his own pants and underwear down.
He’s patient tonight, probably because Dean made him come no less than three times earlier (Dean is occasionally wildly jealous of Cas’ angel refractory period), content to hold onto Dean’s waist and nuzzle at his jaw and ears.
He doesn’t sleep well. It’s not a surprise; he’s never slept well. Not here in Purgatory, there’s something about it that makes him much too alert, as if he were on a hunt. Even though he’s the one being hunted. But Purgatory isn’t special. He didn’t sleep much topside, but even so, he’d slept more than he does down here.
and oh. Dean stops in the middle of the road, Baby humming beneath him, struck dumb by his own realization.
Sam laughs outright at that, the little bitch.
He also feels something hit his shoulder where it’s tilted up, not quite solid, but not like air either. Gently, moving slowly, Dean moves his arm more, brushing against it. It’s like touching static, crackling energy, but at the same time it’s warm, like the heat coming off of a comforting fire, and soft, soft beyond even the softest fur or the finest silk. He knows instinctively that he’s touching Cas’ wings. He’s never thought about it, never even wondered, not really. Cas’ wings had always seemed like something…other, something not allowed. And then, after Cas had lost them, Dean hadn’t wanted to ask him about it, about how it had felt to have his grace and his powers, to have everything he was, stripped from him. He knows well enough what it’s like to have your sense of self torn, he didn’t need to hear it from Cas.
But that was…something else completely, something utterly different than the way Cas is looking at him, like Dean is some deep, unfathomable thing worthy of an angel’s attention.
He hisses in pain when Cas grasps his arm, fingers slipping through the blood coating it. But the next second a wave of warmth washes over him, and the sting in his arm disappears, along with the ache in his back and the pounding in his head.
. Every. Single. Time!” Dean explodes, anger overtaking him. “Every time that something happens…or someone says something, you…you say I’m overcompensating. Or you fuckin’…give me shit about the fairies. You fuckin’ teased me about shit face Dick Roman! Fuck, Sam, I tried! You brushed me off when that golem guy…when I thought he was hitting on me.
,” Cas says, a little bit of a whine, a pout in it.
Dean heart does a bunch of stupid flips, like he’s a teenage girl holding his crush’s hand for the first time. Cas’ hand is big and warm and it feels
“Askin’ what?” Dean says, starting to bristle.
anything,” Jack had said. But going in would be, pulling Cas out would be, which is why it’s going to be Dean instead.
Benny brings it up again almost a full day later, when he and Dean are struggling through some tough underbrush. “So, what about your angel?” he asks.
“Mm,” he manages intelligently.
Cas kisses his spine again and stills, waiting.
“I know,” Cas says, then waits, like he expects Dean to elaborate.
that he was getting from Cas, he can’t do anything if he can’t even find the guy.
“Dean,” Cas says softly. “Why?”
“Cas, c’mon,” Dean murmurs, pulling back just enough to speak. “I love you, we just went through this. I’ll find a way to kiss you even when you’re all firey energy.”
Cas pulls himself back, making Dean loosen his legs, stretch them more. “So fucking distracting,” Cas says, tracing Dean’s lips with a finger.
Dean exhales harshly. It’s not an answer. Or, at least, it’s the wrong one. Because Sam had thought it funny. “Whatever,” he says.
He feels Cas’ desire for a kiss, so he leans forward and kisses him. Cas tastes like the beer they drank, like the rain outside, like static electricity and power and ozone and everything that makes up the world around them. It should sound stupid and overly romantic, but Dean can feel that Cas is flattered. He can feel that Cas doesn’t find him ridiculous, because he’s right. Cas tastes like the universe because he helped build it.
“I just don’t understand why you wouldn’t
“Cas, it’s
Cas loves him.
“Ah!” Cas says, tipping his head back. “Dean.”
“Oh,” Dean says. “That’s...um...I’m sorry?”
Cas ducks his head a little. “I do not, usually,” he admits. “I have only ever had them about you.”
Dean swallows down his fear, his sense of wrongness. Cas. He’s doing this for Cas.
"Yeah. Gay guys, you know? Queers.” It's not until it's out of his mouth that Dean realizes he's never said it before. It had bounced around in his brain for years, but Dean had just shoved it aside. He had time to worry about monsters, and about Sammy, and anything else he had pushed to the side. Girls were easier. Girls were expected and he liked girls fine, he really did.
Jessica’s piercing station has a padded table, like a doctor's, and a whole shelf of things like cotton balls and swabs and rubbing alcohol. She has a little metal tray on a stand that reminds Dean of a dentist, except on it are packaged needles and the jewelry Dean had picked out, and a few of the industrial rods in different lengths.
Cas is dropping kisses wherever he can reach, Dean’s knees, his thighs, contorting himself to drop kisses across Dean’s chest.
“I learned from the best.”
She smiles back. “I know that this is your first piercing, so I’ll tell you what I’m doing. But you let me know if you have any questions," she says.
Cas looks at him, all piercing intensity. “You are a very good kisser,” he says. Then he moves, fast, so fast, grabbing Dean’s bare hips and spinning them, so it’s Dean who gets shoved down onto the mattress.
“But it’s okay that it did,” Dean says. “Right? I mean, it didn’t like, hurt you, or anythin’, right?”
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, and fuck, his voice sounds
"I'm going to clean your ears, then make a mark in pen where the piercing will go. You can take a look and tell me if you like it. Once you're satisfied I'll go ahead and put the jewelry in, alright?"
“Dean, come on,” Sam says. He reaches out to touch Dean’s arm and Dean smacks his hand away.
“Dean, what are you doing?”
A knocking at the door interrupts them.
Cas shifts, pushing Dean’s knees back so he can kiss him properly. He cries out into Dean’s mouth as Dean feels him come. The room itself seems to shudder with him, the air rippling as Cas shakes, as he pants into Dean’s mouth and floods his ass with come.
Cas and Sam are propping him up, one on either side, Jack kneeling between them.
It’s a shock. It takes Dean’s breath away. Cas’ lips feel like they’re made of static, tingling and untouchable and powerful.
“Sammy,” Dean sing-songs back.
Cas works at that spot for several long moments, until he’s apparently satisfied and pulls back. He lifts Dean’s foot off the bed and kisses the arch of it, light and gentle before putting it back down on the bed.
It seems to work, because Cas’ eyes go all bright and interested the way they do when he’s curious about something. “You did?” he asks.
Dean’s heart leaps in his chest.
“Shit,” Cas says. “The empty is awake.”
“I assume it’s frowned upon to accidentally blind your partner during sex,” Cas says.
Dean can only gasp and try not to do anything too embarrassing like cry, his left hand digging into Cas’ shoulder and his right clutching desperately at Cas’ bicep.
There’s no flow of grace this time, but Cas’ touch still makes Dean feel warm.
Cas’ smile grows. “I enjoy being in your mind, Dean,” he says.
“Dean, Dean, Dean,” Cas chants, like a prayer, like a benediction. The world shimmers around him, a blue-yellow glow. “Close your eyes!” he gasps, tugging Dean’s face into his shoulder by his hair.
Dean manages an “Um,” confused.
He feels Cas’ free hand stroke up the back of his neck before threading through the short hairs at the back of Dean’s head. Cas presses gently, a request for Dean to tip his head down.
It turns out there's a lot more places to pierce an ear than Dean thought.
“It’s calming,” Cas continues.
Cas groans, and Dean can feel the vibrations of it. He presses his face forward, just a little, impossible bit closer to meet the roll of Dean’s hips.
Dean opens his mouth for Cas, easily. Cas keeps it slow, languid, and Dean feels it in his head, in his heart, his blood rushing, pounding, unable to handle it.
Cas presses his teeth harder into Dean’s skin, nipping, sharp little pricks of teeth before he trails his mouth up to suck at the knob at the top of Dean’s neck.
wrapped around Dean’s. They stumble together down the hallway, both trying to lead and follow, bumping into each other. Each time their hips bump Cas looks over at Dean and smiles and Dean is helpless to smile back.
Like right now, he’s sitting next to Cas at a bar, warm and flush from the celebratory drinks and Cas’ company. Mostly from Cas’ company, if he’s being honest. Dean has a high enough tolerance that a night of beers can’t quite touch him. But they do give him an excuse to tilt his weight against Cas’ shoulder, to laugh too hard at Cas’ jokes (because he likes seeing Cas’ eyes crinkle in satisfaction when Dean laughs), to stare at Cas for too long. Cas, for his part, is matching Dean drink for drink, even though it does even less for him than it does Dean.
Cas comes without warning, just a cry and a rush of air around them, a physical force that rattles the bed and all the things Dean has up in his room.
Dean snorts at that. “Nah, you were a smartass when we met.”
Jack is smiling.
Cas’ eyes move from Dean’s, looking down at the tablet in his hands, and then back up to Dean. “You,” he admits. “I did not want to hurt you.” He looks down again, and Dean realizes that this time he’s not looking at the tablet, but at Dean’s blood, still smeared across his knuckles.
It’s exhilarating.
Dean's stupid brain pauses again, confused over the sudden hostility. Then it clicks. She doesn't know. This girl has never met him before. She doesn’t know that Dean is brushing his fingertips against the back of Cas' hand deliberately, and she doesn't know that he's spent his life as a plaything of a god, that this is his first toddling step of freedom. "No, fuck, no,” he says quickly. "I don't mean, wait, no, I do mean." he stops and starts over. "I mean that I'm, uh...” He trails off again. The word feels weird in his mouth. He takes Cas' hand in his and lifts them so the girl can see. "I want the gay ear," he says, which is, frankly, nonsense. But the girl's demeanor relaxes immediately.
They’ve been standing like this for too long, lost staring at each other.
Cas shifts just enough that his nose brushes through the hair at the base of Dean’s cock.
“Dean,” Cas says, pulling away, their lips brushing against each other. “Dean, you have to breathe,” he says yet again.
The car rocks, their skin slaps, and Cas makes a soft sound of punched out pleasure every time their hips meet.
knew that I…that I liked…and Charlie! You laughed your way through that one too.” Dean pants when he’s done speaking chest heaving and heavy.
“Cas,” Dean gasps, closing his eyes, overwhelmed by the gesture.
“Spectacular? Amazing?” Dean suggests, grinning down at Cas’ head.
fucking."
Cas leans in this time, mouth soft and sweet on Dean’s lips before his tongue sweeps out, hot and wet.
Dean loses the battle against his blush. “Shuddup,” he grumbles but he doesn’t mean it.
Cas kisses the base of his skull, where his hairline starts. It’s so sweet and unexpected that Dean makes a soft, vulnerable noise into the pillow that he hates immediately.
“Stay,” Dean says, very quietly.
Dean blushes, and is immediately embarrassed by the blush. His hands twitch on Cas’ shoulders, fighting the urge to cover his face.
Dean grins, feeling warm and pleased with himself, content to nuzzle at Cas’ skin while Cas takes care of the tab. Other than the stubble on his face, dipping down over his jaw onto his neck, Cas’ skin is smooth, soft. Dean’s own stubble leaves it pink in his wake, and it never fails to drive Dean to distraction.
. Dean
“Fuck,” Dean says, and, humiliatingly, his voice cracks.
Cas leans down and presses his forehead against Dean’s. “I cannot take your pain,” he says. “But I will replace it. With me. With pleasure.”
“It’s late,” Cas says, petting the skin of Dean’s shoulder.
Jessica grins and Dean hears a snort beside him that is clearly the girl trying not to laugh.
“Your cock,” Cas clarifies. “You will not be too sensitive?”
“Yeah,” Dean pants. “Oh, fuck, Cas.”
Dean nuzzles at the line of Cas’ stubble, enjoying the catch and rub of it against his own skin. Cas pets the back of Dean’s neck, fingers warm and comforting.
Cas rolls his eyes. "I already find you hot,” he says. "The amount of jewelry in your ears will not change this fact.”
“I could show you an approximation,” Cas says. “A…projection, of what they look like. Tailored for the human mind.”
“Yeah?” Dean says. There’s a serious note in Cas’ voice that makes him feel anxious.
“Yes,” Cas says.
Dean swallows again so he can feel his throat work against Cas’ finger.
checking,” Sam points out. “There’s no one following us. And you’re not getting out of this conversation.”
“My true form has four heads,” Cas says, straight-faced and serious.
He can tell without looking that Sam is pouting. “Why didn’t you say anything?” he presses. “I had no idea you even liked dudes.”
Dean groans. “It’s not very polite to comment on noises that you may happen to overhear!” he snaps at Sam.
His third finger pulls out and Cas goes back to fucking Dean with just two. He fucks him deeper with them, up to his last knuckle, and crooks them.
“What is it?” Dean asks, even though he thinks he knows. He’s afraid of it. Of knowing. Of saying it, of thinking it. It’s too big. If he ignores it, it stays tucked away, safe forever.
Cas kisses Dean’s skin again. “I know,” he says. There’s the quick, cool press of teeth as he smiles.
“Good,” Cas says and slides home.
“Okay,” Dean agrees softly.
Dean can’t stop the rocking of his hips, pressing his ass into Cas’ tongue, trying to rock his hips forward into some kind of friction on his cock. But there’s none to be found, just the sheets, already sticky and clinging, unsatisfying even at this level of arousal.
Cas is panting into Dean’s mouth, clearly just as far gone.
Jessica smiles at him. "That's because I do care,” she says. "Now." She turns to Dean. "I'm going to measure your left ear for the industrial. "
He reaches for Dean’s face, cupping it gently.
Dean blinks at him. “Um, pretty sure I should be thankin’ you,” he manages.
Sam looks on worriedly as Jack opens a portal with a
“Cas,” Dean calls.
“I couldn’t hurt you,” Cas says, barely a whisper.
“What?” Dean smiles against the skin of Cas’ neck.
Dean thumbs at the head of his cock, just to see Cas’ hips flex, the muscles in his thighs bunch. “So fuckin’ pretty,” he drawls.
“That’s not true,” Cas says, frowning.
It’s Cas this time, right in Dean’s ear.
"I already find you aesthetically pleasing," Cas says.
Cas flexes his wings a bit, separating the three of them, letting Dean slip his fingers over the feathers, through them, in between the wings themselves. They’re thick, and
Dean groans into the kiss and yields to it, to Cas’ questing tongue, to the fingertips likely leaving bruises over his ribs, to the arms pushing him back to lay on the bed.
Dean’s not even sure what noises he’s making into the pillow anymore, desperate, garbled sounds of pleasure and he tries to fuck his hips back even harder, tries to thrust his cock against the sheets but he’s held fast by just Cas’ one hand.
"I hold a high opinion of your face," Cas tells him.
“This is a big deal, Dean!” Sam is insisting.
“Feel good?” Dean asks, his lips moving against Cas’ warm skin.
. Dean can wake up for him. “Wa’sup?” he asks, lifting his head up and opening his eyes blurrily.
Cas puts one hand on Dean’s left shoulder, right where he used to wear Cas’ brand, and lets his other rest between them, on Dean’s chest over his t-shirt, over his heart. Dean has no doubt that Cas can feel it, pounding away as it is.
“You stopped,” Dean reminds him.
Cas makes a soft noise in his throat. His eyes are locked on Dean’s now, and Dean can’t look away either. He doesn’t want to.
“S’alright,” Dean slurs sleepily. Jack must be busy now, and well, he gave Dean the chance to save Cas. And he’s
Dean takes his hands away from his face, and Sam looks so earnest, eyes big and open, his whole body open towards Dean, and fuck, he hates how hard it is to stay mad at Sam. His Sammy. “Whatever,” he says. “Just stop being weird about it.
“By taking my pants off,” Cas says.
Dean steadies his dick in one hand and Cas’ hip in the other and then Cas is sinking down, onto his cock, and Dean moans, something from deep in his chest, at the shock of it, of having Cas around him, surrounding him, of being inside of Cas.
Cas pulls his fingers out and puts his dirty hand on Dean’s right hip, and that’s all the warning he gets before he’s being flipped over, so hard that he bounces on the bed.
“Love you, Cas,” Dean says, looking into Cas’ blue, blue eyes as Cas gasps and shudders, thrusting minutely into Dean’s fist.
Dean elbows him in the ribs. Cas is right, damn him. "I like this one," Dean says, tapping the image a rod that goes through the top of the ear and out the other side. It's labeled "industrial”.
Dean groans into Cas’ mouth. It feels so right to finally be kissing Cas, tasting him, breathing him in.
Dean swallows. They’re very close. He can smell Cas, the bright spark of ozone that seems to follow him around, the sensation of electricity in the air around him. “You couldn’t hurt me,” Dean echoes. “Why not?”
It makes it easier for Dean to convince his fluttering, stupid heart that it’s fine. “Yeah? Well, so am I. I didn’t know you…had thoughts like that.”
“It’s alright,” Cas says, his voice low. Dean can feel the vibrations of his voice through where his head is pillowed on Cas’ chest.
"Do you want both ears pierced, Dean?" Cas asks.
Dean tilts his head into Cas’ soft hair and breathes. This close, Cas smells a bit different too than humans, that same kind of bright electricity clinging to his skin, his hair, as Dean breathes him in.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas says, almost wondrous.
Dean’s heart beats a little harder. He squeezes Cas' hand and resists the urge to start making out with him.
“What the hell just happened?” Dean asks, confused.
“I apologize,” Cas says.
Dean grins at him. “Then I’ll kiss all of them,” he says, before taking this head of Cas’ and kissing it.
“What?” Dean interrupts. “You wouldn’t have made fun if you’d known I was a fuckin’ faggot? Making fun is only something you do with other normal people?” Once his anger has control of him it’s hard to stop, always has been. Dean keeps his eyes firmly on the road. Can’t wreck Baby.
In the mirror, Dean can see his new piercings catch the soft bathroom light. He doesn’t look that different from the morning, just a day’s worth of scruff on his face and the little glints in his ears. He’s exactly who he was all those hours ago, technically. Dean’s been through more self-altering experiences than anyone should have to, not the least of which involved being remade completely by the angel currently draped over his back like a cape. By all rights today was simple. But, Dean realizes with a shock, it had been for him. He’d wanted it, so he’d done it, and not for the world, or for Sam, or Cas, but just for him.
fucking stretch. Dean rocks back to meet him, sinking down until Cas is knuckle deep in him.
"Did you do it?" Dean asks, instinctively lifting his hand to feel. He thought it would be...more.
getting hard for the second time tonight.
"Just like that,” Jessica says.
Cas trails down to Dean’s navel, sucking and tonguing at Dean’s bellybutton, which makes Dean snort a little and squirm a bit. He can feel Cas smile against the soft skin of his stomach. Cupping his hands around Dean’s hips, Cas noses at the hair at the base of Dean’s cock again, and, what do you know, Dean
Dean looks at them. The industrial rods all seem to be fairly simple, straightforward steel rods. The studs sparkle a bit, especially the ones that look like diamonds.
Dean tilts his head up again for another kiss, kicking off his boots, then his pants. It’s awkward to take his socks off with his toes, but he’s done it before, and Cas had said naked, so like hell Dean is going to fuck him with his socks on.
He must forget to breathe again, because when they break apart he finds himself gasping and Cas chuckling against his cheek.
He pulls over and puts his head in his hands.
Cas moves his hand and Dean opens his eyes.
Dean gasps in air he’d forgotten he’d needed again.
“Then perhaps you should cut your hair,"mCas suggests. "Or dye it purple."
“Don’t hurt yourself,” Dean says. “It’s not always good the first time.”
Cas’ hand comes up, tracing idle patterns on Dean’s chest, running through the cooling come there.
Cas breaks his arm easily, as though Dean’s bones and muscle were no more than toothpicks to him.
sad. Dean knows. Dean can feel it.
“Of course,” she says. She taps a rainbow flag pin stuck to her collar and winks.
Cas groans and it’s Dean’s turn to grin. “You like making me incoherent, huh?” he pants.
Cas, still blank, still cold, stiff and silent and wrong, so wrong, raises his angel blade.
Sam rolls his eyes and Cas' look fails to be disproving enough.
Cas moans, unashamed into Dean’s mouth and puts one hand on his face again, cupping it once more.
Dean really loves him, fuck.
It’s raining outside. Not the kind of downpour that would have them running for the shelter of the Impala, but a steady rainfall, the kind that feels like it hasn’t made up its mind about growing into a storm yet or not. Cas stops once they’re free of the bar’s awning and tilts his head back to meet the rain. He does it a lot, Dean’s noticed, just stands outsides and feels the weather, whatever it may be. Dean wonders if there’s something different in it for him, if being an angel gives Cas some kind of knowledge of every raindrop, of each gust of wind. He tilts his own head back too, trying to feel what Cas must.
“Dean,” Cas say. "We
“Wanna make you feel good,” Dean says, his voice low and gentler than he means it to be.
“I want you to fuck me, Cas,” he manages.
“Good?”
“It’s really okay that you like Cas,” Sam continues, all earnest puppy face. Then he grins. “Was that your first kiss with him?”
Dean elbows him again. "That's not all of it though,” he says. Were like...I don't know. You said you loved me, man."
But there’s no room to deal with it now. There are still Leviathans on their trail, and they need to get out of Purgatory as soon as possible. When they’re safely on the other side, Dean will think about it.
They break apart. Dean looks at Cas, who scrunches up his face in confusion.
Dean nods, and she holds up a few rods before deciding on one. She lines it up with t the needles on the tray and changes her gloves once more before turning to Dean.
Dean grins. That’s more like it. “Good. So did I.”
"You better shut up before I dump your ass," Dean threatens.
Dean shakes his head, trying to adjust. “Uh, thanks,” he says, because he remembers saying it before. He feels stupid about the compliment. It’s just a fantasy. Just some woods.
"Good,” Cas says decisively.
“You are
, like there’s a mystery in them, like he can’t understand why Dean is bringing up his age.
“But Cas is a
Cas is always so
,” Cas says.
Dean stands in the bunker kitchen, blinking in the harsh lights. The mug of coffee is still warm between his hands. His head is spinning, pounding from Cas’ info dump. He shakes it a little to clear it.
, and Dean wants this. There’s no reason it should be so overwhelming, why it should bring tears to his eyes.
mind.”
Cas obliges, dipping down to kiss Dean, pushing his legs back up to his chest. The stretch burns, but it’s not bad, it adds to everything. Dean wraps his legs around Cas’ waist and digs his heels into his ass, trying to get Cas closer to him. Their cocks rub together and it’s so fucking good. Dean groans into Cas’ mouth and thrusts, bucking his hips hard.
“Yes, Cas,” Dean says in return.
He gets it, and he rewards Cas by slipping his hands under Cas’ waistbands. Cas lifts his hips helpfully, so Dean can tug his pants down under his ass and free his cock.
Cas groans again, shameless. Ever since Dean kissed him, Cas has been nothing but open and honest about sex, about his pleasure, about how much he wants, and fuck if Dean doesn’t find it fucking hot. He sits up enough to slip his coats over his shoulders, leaving him in just the thin white dress shirt he still wears, the fabric stretched over his broad shoulders, his deceptively strong arms, his pecs.
Dean hums happily and wriggles around a bit, making himself comfortable on top of Cas. He tucks his head in between Cas’ shoulder and neck, mouthing lazily at the skin there. He loves the way Cas always shivers and tilts his head to give Dean more room.
“Hey, it’s worked so far,” Dean points out.
Dean clenches his jaw and takes another hard turn. “Does that matter?” he asks tightly.
’s spit.
Still with his odd stiffness, and his silence, Cas stoops and picks up the angel tablet.
Cas cries out, digging his fingertips into Dean’s skin as Dean sets the rhythm, fast and deep.
Dean gapes at him. “
It’s hard to think about that.
“I-oh!” The press of Dean’s teeth makes Cas shiver. “You are very good at this,” he pants.
“Can’t wait to have your fat cock in my tight ass,” Dean continues. He plucks the lube from where it’s rolled to rest against Cas’ throat. With his other hand he opens his own pants and shoves them down his thighs. It’s tight, with his legs spread wide over Cas’ hips, but it just makes his arousal spark higher. He loves this. He likes all kinds of sex, especially with Cas, and as much as he loves being fucked thorough and slow and lovingly, there’s something
“Yes, please, Cas,” Dean gasps.
"Heya, Sammy," Dean says, pulling away from Cas.
His lips
“Dean?” It is Sam’s voice, accompanying another round of knocks. “Please tell me that was you guys.”
Cas is the one to break the kiss, and when he does Dean finds himself sucking in air. Fuck. Had he forgotten to breathe?
"Now exhale slowly."
“Can you feel it all?” Dean asks. “Since these’re, what d’ya say? Projections?”
, and Dean comes, like a fucking teenager, all sudden and shocking and bright. He clutches at Cas’ hair and rocks his hips into his mouth, and Cas just
Dean flicks his tongue out, unable to help it, impatient for just a taste of Cas. Cas always tastes like the force of nature he is, like static electricity is clinging to him at all times, like crisp air after the weather shifts.
“Cas, you gotta fuck me,” Dean says. “Now.”
Dean sighs, and looks over.
, spilling out over Dean’s bed and across his floor. Dean spreads his fingers out, catching more of Cas’ feathers in his fingers.
Cas reaches behind them with his spare hand, opening Dean’s door. They stumble in together, Cas pushing the door closed behind him with his foot as Dean pushes Cas’ coat down off his arms.
Dean can practically hear Sam’s bitchface.
“You’ve never told me what you look like,” Dean murmurs. He digs his nails in a little bit at the base of some of the feathers, and gets them to fluff up again. It seems like Cas likes that. “Bet you’re hot.” He drags his gaze back to Cas’ face to wink at him.
Dean mouths at Cas’ neck again so he can hide his face there. Cas has said that before. Has promised Dean not to die, not to sacrifice himself. It’s always been a lie.
But then he takes another breath, and the crypt is dark again. He blinks his eyes to refocus, sees Cas standing above him again, holding the tablet and looking down at Dean.
"Yeah, that," Dean says, grateful.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever you want,” Dean agrees easily, pulling his shirt up over his head.
“Unfettered access to my mind would render you comatose,” Cas says matter-of-factly. “Or mad.”
Benny kissing him in Purgatory catches Dean by surprise. He pulls back and gapes at Benny before blurting out, “I’m not into guys.”
The sight always takes Dean’s breath away, as beautiful as it is inconceivable. In the back of his mind Dean can feel Cas, calling his attention back to their physical bodies. Dean does, but he’s immediately distracted again.
Cas plants his feet on the seat for leverage, tipping Dean farther forward.
It eats at him the way very few things have ever done. The feeling of Cas’ hand leaving his...it sticks with him.
Jack smiles at him, all earnest enthusiasm, and fuck, but Dean’s heart warms at the sight.
Dean tries to speak but ends up just gasping.
“I am going to fuck you now,” Cas says, staring into Dean’s eyes.
, he thinks, hoping it’s loud enough.
Dean shrugs, unaccountably embarrassed. “I was thinking about you,” he says, reaching up to scratch at the back of his neck on instinct.
“Go slow,” Dean says, running his own hands up and down Cas’ sides, mimicking what Cas had done to him earlier, slow, broad, sweeping touches.
“Suck,” he says, though he doesn’t have to. Dean’s mouth had dropped open from the first press of Cas’ fingers to his lips.
Dean groans, which Cas seems to take as a sign, because next he’s back between the cheeks, licking, flick, flick, flick, and then pressing his tongue in deep, briefly, before pulling back out.
Dean blinks his eyes hard. He never…he…he’d…he’d tried, after Dad…after Dad had sent him away all on his own for his birthday and left Dean to cry by himself behind a crumbling church, the burnt bones of two women who had loved each other beside him. Dean hadn’t known back then how Dad had even known, still doesn’t, so he’d been quiet, careful afterwards, even more than he already had been. Only when Dad was far away, and only when they were desperate, when Sammy’s stomach had started rumbling. He doesn’t know if he’d started slipping, once Sam had left them and his dad had spent more and more time away. Doesn’t know if he’d started slipping more once Dad was dead. But men in bars had always known. And those two imposters…at that weird fucking convention…they’d felt
Dean catches his smile in the mirror and laughs. "Nah, don't think I'm that desperate." He tilts his head a bit, considering. It's another cliché but..."Maybe I should pierce my ear,” he says out loud.
“Yeah?"
Dean stiffens immediately. “Why?” he asks, chest constricting around his heart.
Holy shit. Is Cas being…self-conscious? Dean doesn’t think that even once, in their entire acquaintance, Cas has worried about his appearance.
him, that’s what it means, he loves Dean with his hair sticking up weirdly, and it’s all really starting to hit Dean again, that this impossible being has chosen him.
Dean works him gently through the aftershocks, kissing the skin under his lips until Cas’ hips stop twitching and his hands relax in Dean’s hair.
“Cas,” Dean murmurs back.
“Just because you didn’t see it doesn’t mean it didn’t happy, Sammy,” Dean says. He stares hard at the road, but when he lets his eyes drift ever so slightly to the side, he sees that Sam is gaping at him.
The sound makes Dean grin, but just nuzzling Cas’ cock isn’t all he had planned. Undoing pants with his teeth is one of Dean’s best party tricks, and Cas doesn’t disappoint, gasping and then moaning brokenly as Dean pulls his zipper down with his teeth.
“You probably will not have much time,” Jack says, looking at Dean, a bit worried, serious lines around his young face. “The Empty isn’t meant to hold humans.”
Cas wants this, biting his lips red, throwing his head back. “Dean,” he says, rapturously. “Oh, Dean.”
Cas’ eyes seem glued to Dean’s hand on his thigh. He licks his lips and Dean’s stomach swoops. “I imagined your cock,” Cas says. “I have never taken a cock. I would like to take yours.” He meets Dean’s eyes again, dark and intense.
Cas kisses the hinge of Dean’s jaw. He inhales, and then exhales shakily.
“What would you think,” Cas asks, licking the shell of Dean’s ear and making him shiver, “if I got a piercing?”
"It looks good," Sam says nicely. "You did it just to impress Cas?"
Cas’ eyes are wide. “Dean,” he says, but Dean just pulls him close.
Cas smiles. “I know. You said that you need me.”
"Yeah, "Dean says. The excitement making his blood pump is lighter them the dread he's so used to. It makes him feel almost wilder.
"I'm his lover," Cas says.
“You’re waking up,” Cas says, soft. “It’s okay, Dean.”
Dean’s back twinges a bit, but as soon as he notices it, Cas’ hand is there, big and warm as he rubs up and down Dean’s spine. There’s the warm rush of grace and Dean’s muscles go liquid, the sticky come between them disappearing along with any tension in his body.
Cas gets his wings back, Dean gets his ass fucked. Everyone's a winner.
"Mid-life crisis," Cas repeats.
“Would you like me to leave?” Cas asks, with a challenging eyebrow.
“Wha’?” Dean asks, more interested in sucking on Cas’ pulse point than talking.
Dean groans and arches his back into the touch, and so Cas keeps doing it. Fuck, Dean is going to have scratches up and down his back. It’s thrilling. He’d had Cas’ mark once before, he wants more of them, all of them, he wants to belong to Cas in every way possible, human or angel.
Cas’ hands are everywhere, clutching at Dean, pulling him closer, even though they’re already pressed together from chest to foot. Cas grabs a fistful of Dean’s flannel at his waist and tugs on it.
“C’mon, Cas, this isn’t funny.”
“W-what?” Dean asks shakily. They’re at the edge of the bed now.
“I am,” Dean says. He likes it, the easy, slow build. It’s…comfortable. He’s never felt comfortable during sex before.
It sets Dean off again in his own round of sniggers. When he finally recovers, Cas is looking at him, staring.
Dean can’t help himself; he starts sniggering. It had been hot as fuck to see Cas lose control like that, flattering that it had been Dean’s hands on him that had caused it. In the warm afterglow, Dean feels
The Empty bubbles around them. It’s angry, hissing almost. Dean is sure it’s taken the form of one of his many ghosts, but he keeps his eyes shut. “Fuck off, he’s mine,” he says.
Dean nods. “Fuck yeah," he saygs. It's weird, to be so happy, so thrilled, with a decision of his. To not be calculating the consequences.
He hates thinking about it now.
“You told me in the crypt that we are family,” Cas says. “Thank you. I value that, more than I can express.”
He's aiming for charming, but he must miss, because the girl just looks alarmed.
Just one ghost hadn’t warranted the entire cavalry, so it’s just Dean and Cas today.
Cas though, Cas obviously experiences the rain for itself. Dean wants that. He wants to see the world the way Cas does, delight in rain and honeybees and the miracle of the world spinning around them. So he shuts his eyes and tries. Focuses on the paths the raindrops make down his face. Takes in a deep breath and fills his lungs with petrichor.
Dean scowls. “Are you readin’ my mind?”
” Sam says significantly.
“Oh,” Dean says, taken aback. He shrugs. “It’s nothin’ special.” He’s not smart, not like Sammy or Kevin or Charlie, he wonders sometimes what it must be like, to have a mind that can do such things, but his mind seems content to only conjure up forests.
“Jerk,” Sam says affectionately. Then he sighs. “You know, you’re right. I really should have figured it out. Cas is the only one who can put up with you.”
Dean looks back at him, looks at the line of him, of Cas’ body, flushed but not sweating, human and not, at the same time. He’s riding his fingers in earnest now, hips rocking, wrist flicking, eyelids fluttering. Dean can’t bear to not be a part of it anymore. “Let me,” he says, putting his own fingers on Cas’ wrist.
Flirting with Cas is fun. It’s easy for them to get swept away in each other, to get lost in the world-altering, god-shattering depths of their feelings. Sometimes, Dean thinks that his love for Cas will drown him. He’s more than happy to let it, but this is nice too, flirting with Cas in a bar over the top of a beer bottle. It feels lighter. There’s not so much pressure on Dean and Cas, just two guys at a bar, the way there is on Dean Winchester and Castiel, hunter and angel.
Dean feels like his mind stops, except it can’t have, because Cas is still in it, inspecting the stupid trees it’s conjured up. “You...what?"
Cas does, and then his warm breath and his tongue are gone, but his hands remain, thumbs rubbing small circles into the meat of Dean’s ass. Dean can tell from the touch, soft as it is, that he’s definitely bruised, deep, throbbing bruises in the shape of Cas’ hands.
He’s helpless to not reach out, to not reach his hand and grip the edge of Cas’ coat in his spare hand. It tangles them together more but Dean doesn’t care enough to let go, even it means it takes them longer to get to his room, even if they look ridiculous. With his door in sight he stops fighting the urge to kiss Cas, smiling into it, something strange and joyous bubbling up in his chest. He can’t remember the last time he was excited to have sex like this, happy about it.
Dean hits something solid and gasps, wind knocked out of him by the fall and Cas’ weight on top of him.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sam asks, sounding hurt.
Cas smiles at him and wraps his fingers around Dean’s cock, pumping slowly, fingers long and strong.
“I am flattered,” Cas says, face easy and relaxed now.
He’s never heard that before being fucked either.
“Got ‘im,” Dean says.
not to be self-sacrificial.”
Cas presses another kiss to the inside of his knee as he starts rocking his hips.
More knocking.
"Aesthetically pleasing," Dean mimics.
“Oh, god.”
Cas’ eyes are still eerily empty as he hits Dean again. He doesn’t make a single sound.
Dean grins at him, and Jack grins back.
Cas hums thoughtfully. “Not directly,” he says.
Eventually Cas rouses himself enough to start laying lazy kisses on the skin nearest his mouth.
Dean is helpless against the urge to smile, though he tries to bury it in the pillow. “It’s, uh, not that,” he says.
Cas wraps a palm around Dean’s hip and Dean lets Cas shift him, guide him. When Cas presses Dean follows, sinking down slowly onto Cas’ cock.
It’s comfortable, familiar.
The Empty is…well Empty. Dean had known it would be, had been prepared for it, or at least, he thought he had been. Instead the utter blankness, the suffocating lack of…anything, presses uncomfortably on him the moment he enters.
"Great, "Dean says. "And, uh, Thank you. For the help."
“Don’t wanna,” Dean grumbles nonsensically, dipping his head to bury his face in Cas’ neck, mark his skin up with his stubble. He gets his mouth around the hinge of Cas’ jaw and sucks on it.
“So, this ‘Naomi’ has been controlling you since she got you out of Purgatory?”
They don’t break apart until the burning in Dean’s lungs becomes hard to ignore. He’s going to have to work on breathing through his nose, because stopping to breathe when he’s busy kissing Cas is unacceptable. He tilts his head back and moans at the feeling of Cas’ lips on his jawline. Cas presses closer, flat chest and a bulge in his pants to match the one in Dean’s, the scrape of stubble against Dean’s skin where he noses at it.
Dean does so, opening his eyes to find Cas right there, inches in front of him, close enough that Dean could count the little droplets clinging to his eyelashes.
. Dean clambers to his feet, reaching a hand out for Cas.
“Yes,” Cas says, voice deep and serious.
Cas and Dean come together. Finally.
“Mmm,” Cas says. Then, “I was going to say something.”
Cas nudges at his temple with his forehead before pulling back again.
Dean laughs a little and then he stares. Because Cas’ eyes are staring into his, earnest and dark. “Oh,” is all he can say, stupidly.
, Cas mouths to Dean.
"Aw, don't be homophobic, Sammy."
“Nice,” the girl says. She puts the tray back and grabs some packaged jewelry.
Cas pulls back, eyes dark and glittering. His wings shift behind him, fluttering, restless. “Dean,” he says.
She hands it to an older woman who’s stepped around the partition. “Jessica, this is Dean, your next client,” she says.
“Shut up,” Dean says, turning back to the road, getting Baby rolling again.
“No,” Dean says on instinct, realizing that Cas is going for the ruined side of his face. He’d thought…Dean had been sure that it was Cas he’d been looking at, that Cas had come back to him, right on time, as always. “Cas, Cas,” he tries, flooded with fear. If he’s lost Cas he’s lost everything.
Cas moans though, and starts shoving his hips back. “Dean,” he calls. “Dean, Dean, Dean.”
“Shh,” Cas says. His hand comes back quickly, slick and cool with even more lube, and then three fingers are sliding into Dean’s ass.
Cas flirting back is much more intoxicating than the beer, the way he licks his lips, the way his eyes darken whenever they make eye contact, the way he unsubtly stares at Dean, at Dean’s own lips, his eyes, his throat, his crotch. His sly smiles and the pleased expression on his face. He wears that one a lot more now.
“Alright, Cas, I’m comin’,” Dean says, taking a step forward. It doesn’t feel like there’s anything beneath his feet, just like it doesn’t feel like he’s walking through anything. It’s just…cold, but not a chill, just the absence of any heat.
Dean can barely see out of his swollen, bloodied left eye, but he still seeks out Cas’.
, he projects at Cas.
Cas looks up at him, eyes wide and dark.
Cas is staring at him, eyes wide now, gaze dissecting, searching.
“I can also sense longing,” Cas says, and he says it so simple, but it’s shattered Dean’s whole world wide open. He longs for Cas, he can admit that much to himself. He longs for his presence, his friendship, for his intense stare and odd touches, longs for the way he just puts himself in the spaces that Dean can’t quite invite anyone into.
Before he can lose himself in it again, Cas pulls back. “Dean,” he says, as if he can’t get enough of saying Dean’s name.
"All done," Jessica says, stepping away with a smile. She switches her gloves again and grabs a cotton ball, dabbing gently. “Now, the aftercare fairly straight forward.”
Dean tries not to get choked up.
But his face isn’t blank anymore. His brow is furrowed and his eyes…they look like Cas’ eyes.
There’s a rushing filling his senses, not unlike the rushing that he used to associate with Cas’ sudden appearances. It blows past Dean, and he can feel it ruffle his hair, the ends of his jacket.
Dean goes, listens, and even through his closed eyelids he can see the flash of light, feel the buzz of power, the hum of sound that explodes around them as Cas comes into Dean’s palm, across his wrist, up his arm, onto his chest.
“Mm,” Cas agrees. He raises himself up and then fucks himself down, gasping with the shock of it.
It makes Dean shiver and pant. “C’mon, Cas, fuck me.”
Dean shifts again, shuffling backwards on his knees, until he can bend down closer to Cas’ crotch. It costs him the feeling of Cas’ hands on him, but he gets Cas’ stuttery moan in exchange when he brushes his cheek against the bulge of Cas’ cock, nuzzling.
“Why was it so funny, Sam?” Dean demands, willing his voice not to break.
Dean keeps himself still and tries not to react. It's only now occurring to him that he can't remember the last time someone other than Sam or Cas or Jack had touched him without trying to kill him.
Cas chuckles a little, and Dean kicks him in the shin. Gently.
"Where?" Cas asks, but he's smiling, letting himself be pulled.
Dean and Cas are still on the floor, Cas practically in Dean’s lap. Dean wants desperately to hold him close like this forever, still not quite believing that it worked, that Cas is back here, with him.
"Would you like to see the diagram of possible piercings?” the girl asks.
“Stay?” Dean asks against his cheek.
"You clearly take great care," Cas says.
Cas runs a finger up and down Dean’s chest.
“Fuck,” Cas says, and there’s a rushing sound and the wings are gone.
Cas steps closer. “I’m so glad you’re okay,” he says softly.
“It wasn’t,” Sam says. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” he says.
Usually, Dean can handle this. He’s friendly, but he’s uninterested. This time, Aaron makes him think of Benny, and of Cas, and Dean gets tongue-tied, starts stumbling over his words and into tables. It’s stupid. Aaron isn’t even Dean’s
finds it embarrassingly charming that Cas had gone all supernova angel during his orgasm.
His ears are red in the mirror, standing out. But glinting in the light is the metal. It's subtle, but they're there. Dean is changed, marked, and it was his choice this time. "It's great," he tells Jessica fully meaning it. "Thank you."
Well, at least I'm actually more than eighteen years old, Dean thinks. He'd lied about that too, back in the day, though it had been a hard sell. His dad had grumbled about Dean's pretty face, but there wasn't anything to be done about Dean's face. At least Cas finds it "aesthetically pleasing".
Dean groans. The stretch feels good this time, and Cas loosens his hand a little, letting Dean fuck himself on his fingers. “Oh, fuck, yes, Cas,” Dean gasps.
Dean sinks down to his knees as Cas’ fist collides with his face. Against his cheek. His eye. His temple.
Cas stares at him as he passes - it’s not how they usually do this, but Dean has a
And then Cas leaves. Again. It doesn’t matter that Dean’s brain is still fixated on the feeling of
“Yeah,” Dean says.
Dean stares at him, trying to understand. “The…lamp?”
Cas moves his head so he can nose aside the stretched fabric of Dean's shirt and press a kiss to his skin. "What are you thinking about?"
"Jerk!" follows them down the hall, but Dean feels light, still holding onto Cas' hand, tripping over Cas' feet.
“That one is good,” Dean says, pointing to a rod that’s silvery and shiny. It reminds him a bit of Cas’ angel blade, but that thought he keeps to himself. “And uh, this stud here. That matches.”
“Yeah, just-” Dean pants some more, trying to get his body and his cock back under control. “I was about to come.”
Cas sits up in bed, gently taking Dean with him. Dean props himself up on one elbow while Cas rolls onto his knees, facing Jack. Dean has the sense that there’s something more to their communication right now, something he’s too sleep-slow or too human to understand.
“When we kiss,” Cas says, still looking stupidly fond. “You have to breathe while we kiss.”
"Yeah,” Dean mumbles. “It's stupid."
“What-what are you saying?” Dean demands. His heart is starting to race. This feels
“Liked it too,” Dean says.
“There’s a lot of work to do,” Jack says, turning to Cas. “I could use some help.” He extends his hands, fingers overing in the air between him and Cas. “Will you help me?” he asks.
Cas nods. “Your feelings for me right now. The longing, the desire, the love, it’s calling to me, pulling me close.”
“Which ear?" she asks writing "lobe" on the form.
Jack in bouncing a little on the balls of his feet. “I want to fix things,” he says. “I don’t want to do things the way Chuck did, I want to do them
Dean thinks that he would be content to stand here and kiss Cas forever.
Jack nods. “There are things I have to take care of,” he says. “But I’ll be back. I have to ask you something, Castiel.”
“Yes,” Cas says, and Dean knows him so well, loves him so much, he can picture the small half smile Cas probably has.
“Cas,” Dean says. “Can you hear prayers in here? C’mon, man, wake up.”
Dean grins and goes to sit up, but Cas’ hand on his sternum stops him.
“Okay,” Cas says. “Where do we go?”
When Dean throws a punch at Cas, it’s half-hearted. He knows Cas is stronger than him, faster. But he has to try. Go down swinging.
“What?” Dean asks. “What’s that face for?”
Dean feels the pressure once more and then it's over.
“Fine!” Dean says. “Fine! I never told you because I learned real quick to shut up about it. You ever heard of a gay hunter? You wonder why?”
Dean rides Cas hard, fucking himself on Cas’ cock with abandon. He loves the way it stretches him, opens him up and then fills him, just like Cas has always done, with Dean’s life, his heart. Dean loves the way Cas’ eyes glitter, dark with arousal but still shining with little pinpricks of grace and power, loves the way Cas’ chest heaves and flushes with air and blood he doesn’t technically need.
. He takes an unexpected left, turning Baby hard.
or if it’s a natural, instinctive mimic. He’s just glad he gets to see it. He likes knowing that Cas is into it, that he’s affected by the sex, even though there’s never been much room for doubt on that front. Cas turned out to be a horny fucker in bed, down for it after nothing more than a glance or a smile. He’s never been anything enthusiastic and willing in bed, and he fucks like he’ll be able to fuse them together if only he could get just a bit deeper.
He treats Cas’ fingers like he would his cock, alternating soft sucks with long ones, hollowing his cheeks for suction, flicking his tongue at the bottom of Cas’ fingers, wrapping it around the sides.
It’s scary, organ swooping, breath quickening terrifying, to be faced with Cas like this now, all the force of his love, his attention, his lust. Wasted on Dean. Dean gasps a little again and rubs at the rumbling feeling in his chest. Cas doesn’t think it’s a waste, he reminds himself as Cas bends over to take off his dress shoes and his socks before stepping out of his pants. Cas is an angel, he can’t be tricked, not by Dean, not by Dean who wasn’t ever trying to trick him.
alive, because it’s a pat of Cas.
“I do not think we should have sex on the library floor,” Cas says.
“Yeah, sorry,” Dean says. He looks away from Cas, words tumbling out, too fast, too graceless, too obviously a coverup. “Human bodies. Get old and stop workin’ an’ shit.”
“No, stay,” Dean says, too quick, too instinctual, too desperate, tightening his grip on Cas’ coat.
Dean grunts and groans into it, but he adjusts quickly, sighing in time with Cas’ thrusts.
Dean shivers a little and just keeps kissing Cas, focusing on him, on his hot mouth, the warm skin of his waist under Dean’s hands.
“It’s human blood. The Empty can’t hold humans; it should reject us if we’re saturated with too much human.”
“Never,” Cas says, always so honest. “But I do not want you to be…stuck here.”
It’s a sloppy kiss, Dean thrusting his tongue mindlessly against Cas’ as he tries to remember how to breathe.
Another blow, and Dean feels blood spray into his eyes. His left eye is swollen shut, and the whole left side of his face is on fire, swollen and tight. It doesn’t matter. There’s no use fighting against Cas, he’s too strong. There’s no use winning against Cas, because it would be a loss in itself. If Dean can’t get through to Cas then they have lost, there’s no coming back from it.
Cas squeezes back as they take off.
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam says, and they leave the crypt at a run, Dean’s lips still warm from Cas’.
“I’m fine,” Dean assures him. “And I forgive you.”
They’ve been driving in tense silence since fleeing the crypt, eyes flicking to the mirrors, making sure they’re not being trailed.
Dean knows that. He tightens his grip on Baby’s steering wheel. “He was bein’ controlled,” Dean tells Sam. “Some angel bitch got ‘im out of Purgatory and fucked with his head. They’re after the tablet too.”
“Fuck your deal!” Dean says. “Come on, Cas, what’s wrong? Do you not…you don’t want to come with me?”
It’s such a silly little thing. Making out with his boyfriend in the rain. Dean’s never done anything like it before. The rain is cool and sweet on Dean’s hot checks, warmed from both Cas’ own cheeks and his attention. Cas’ mouth, however, is warm and sweet against his, familiar and wet. Cas is an intense kisser; he dedicates himself fully to the act of kissing Dean, like it’s the only worthwhile way for an ancient celestial being to spend his time. It never fails to make Dean flush hot, embarrassed by his own reaction, because he
Cas smiles back at him. He closes his eyes and then when he opens them six great wings unfurl from his back.
Dean slides a hand up his back, rubbing up Cas’s spine, flattening over where his wings would be if they were corporeal. “Your wings felt cool,” he says, because he’s still enough asleep to say so. “Cool” seems like such an inadequate word for what it had felt like to feel something so otherworldly, but he’s not a poet, or even smart with his words, like Sam, so all he can do is hope Cas understands him anyways. “Could I see ‘em?” He remembers vividly every single time he’s seen Cas’ wings, projected onto the walls behind him, light cracking, shining. Even the time he saw them as burnt impressions in the ground, fallen, gone, dead, just like Cas had been. Dean wishes he could forget that one, but, well.
“Sorry, Sam,” Cas says, once it’s clear that Dean isn’t going to get a hold of himself.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas says. “You…”
"Sure," the kid says easily, grabbing a form. "What type of piercing do you want? On which ear?"
“It’s me, Cas,” Dean says. His fingertips brush Cas’ coat, and it feels
Cas seems unconcerned with Dean’s unraveling sanity. He rides out the buck of his hips, humming in a pleased sort of way as he works his throat around the head of Dean’s throat.
“You have
But Cas ignores his cock for now, moving onto Dean’s hipbone, and lifts Dean’s right leg so he can lick a long stripe up the underside of Dean’s thigh, flicking his tongue against the bend of Dean’s knee.
“Kids,” Dean says, teasing, sitting himself up a bit more so he can nuzzle his head against Cas’ shoulder. He feels a bit ridiculous, sappy, doing so, but Cas is warm and he runs his fingers through the hair on the back of Dean’s head. “How d’you feel?” Dean asks. “All mojo’d up again?”
“I am hot,” Cas says. “My core is made up of fire.”
And then he does.
From the way Cas pulls back and beams, he thinks it is.
Cas shifts, pressing a kiss to the tip of Dean’s dick, before he sits up and crawls over Dean’s body again. He sticks his hand out and suddenly there’s a bottle of lube in it, and Dean has to huff a laugh.
Dean shakes his head, and then he nods.
“Exploring,” Cas says simply, biting gently at one of Dean’s earlobes. “Do you not like it?”
Dean just hangs on.
. It’s a lot to take in. “I, uh, took some liberties with your form too,” he admits, hoping it will make the guilty expression on Cas’ face go away.
, a broken, fucked up man, with blood staining his hands and his arms and his whole being, somehow, because he finds Dean to be worthy of it.
“We’ll start with the easier one," Jessica says, crossing to Dean's right. "You're going to feel a little pinch. Now breathe in."
“Feels good,” he says.
“No men’s room?” he asks as Cas tugs them to the door.
“Good,” Cas says, kissing Dean’s cheek. “I am glad.”
“He’s
Still clearly upset and shaken, Cas reaches out again, this time gently taking Dean’s forearm and pulling him to his feet. His hand flutters a bit once Dean’s standing, before ultimately letting go. “There’s an angel,” he says, “named Naomi. She’s the one who got me out of Purgatory.” Cas pauses and looks around, as if getting his bearings. “She…she has tools. To get into my mind. She was telling me what to do. I…I was not in control of my actions, Dean.” Cas’ eyes flick around, from Dean’s face, to the tablet in his hands, to the crypt around them.
“I know,” Cas says, something like a sigh in his voice. “I want to rim you, Dean. I want to stick my tongue in your ass.”
Gently, carefully, he leans forward and presses his lips to the arch of Cas’ lowest wing.
