"I'll leave soon," Mrs Hudson frowned before she kissed his cheek. "Sherlock, you listen to me. This is not your fault. We love you all so much so don't be so sad."
"An easy decoy." He smirked. "I wasn't going to do that. No reason to, if I had neuclear weapons I'd probably end up blowing myself up. No, no, I filled up what's her name, the little one. Rosie? Rosie was it?" He asked taking a few steps towards Atlas who nodded once. "Ah yes, the assassin's and war doctor's child. And the fat one. You call him the government. Yeah.Well, I filled their tank with water. Probs dead." Atlas looked at him like he was the most hateful person in the world. Behind her back, her hands began the fiddly untieing of her ropes, one hand quickly released. However, she kept it behind her back, eluding him and his wife to her still being locked up.
"Oh," Rosie said quietly. "I didn't know." And then she got to her feet and walked to Atlas. She pu her arms around her neck as Atlas cried. "I'm sorry, At. I'm really sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." And now Rosie was crying too.
"Of course we will." John said before dragging the teenager into a hug. "Alright, be safe, message us or ring us and come home as soon or as late as you need. Your home is with us. We obviously need to speak with your mum and work out the guardianship but, if you'll have us, come home."
On another note, I can't find a place to end this book. Its a while until it can easily conclude and at least ten chapters until I can pull it all together.
"Alright," John said before Atlas just looked at the blank TV screen. "You guys go, I think me and Atlas might go out for a little walk in a bit."
"Myc?" She asked sweetly. "Will you read to me?" She gave him the eyes and at first when everyone thought he was going to say no he let her climb up with her book and he read it to her. He took on all the voices causing her to giggle as he read to her. They were smiling with each other.
"It's one thing to mess with me. Another thing to mess with a Holmes." Lestrade muttered, giving a small smirk to Donovan. Sherlock and John wouldn't admit it, but they were growing fond of her everytime they saw her. She'd stopped saying freak and started being nice and actually helpful.
"And you learnt it from your aunt," Xerxes signed to Sammy who nodded. "And you learnt it from Sammy like Atlas, but Atlas could watch three YouTube videos and know how to speak it." He looked at her. "You polyglot."
"Sherlock, the college has rung." John said, it sounded like he was packing up his things in his office.
"When I was six, dad overdosed on purpose, I found him, called our neighbour and they administered CPR." Atlas whispered, directed at John.
"I don't want to alarm you." Sherlock said as he looked up from his hunched over position on the bench. "And this is going to be the least robotic and most human like thing I'm ever going to say."
"No, I know your worried about missing all your classes today and tommorow but no homework, essay's or
ALL Sherlock, John, Atlas and Rosie wanted to do was have a nice day out at the science museum. It was early December and the group had become rather restless with the slow flow of cases. Even John would admit that he was. Lestrade wasn't able to get any cases and he knew that that would mean Sherlock would turn to drugs. All it took was a phone call with a certain Atlas Holmes and they had drawn up a list of 'Things to do with Sherlock Holmes to keep him off the sweets.'
"I'm sorry," John sobbed and he felt strange. The roles should be reversed she should be crying on his shoulder, not the other way around.
"Yeah," Atlas groaned before she say up, looked at him, frowned then smiled and threw her arms around John's neck. "I love you."
Once outside, his legs ran and ran and ran and ran until he felt like his lungs were about to burst. He ran until all he could hear in his ears was the rhythmic tap of his feet hitting the pavement. His heart rate was through the roof and he couldn't see for tears as he kept running and running and
I just want to say that I am not a doctor. And before the diagnosis is revealed, I want to set out a disclaimer that I don't mean to do the disorder any injustice. It is a serious disorder that affects a small number of people and part of my desire to write about it is to just spread the word. I probably get all of the meanings wrong etc. but please, please, please look up FND and look into it to spread awareness.
bringing Atlas back down to earth with a painful reminder that John hadn't adopted her. Soon, Sherlock, John and Rosie would all be Watson-Holmes and she'd still be Holmes. Just Holmes. Atlas nodded once, before collecting her bag and issuing no goodbye to John as she left. Just a sad, sorry smile that left John confused and upset. Had something happened he hadn't seen? Then he supposed it was probably because she was mad at him.
"Sherlock?" A voice asked in disbelief, Sherlock knew it was John. The bedside light was switched on and now Sherlock was faced with a very confused looking John. "Jesus christ."
"In fact, do you want to sit with us?" Xerxes signed, Sammy speaking. "We can stop watching Glee and just chat."
"I know. I'm just an absolute wuss." John remarked and Atlas gave a quiet giggle as John gave another little cry.
"No." Atlas said sharply, before looking up at the woman. "They don't, Alison." There was an unsettling pause. "I'm sorry for your loss."
"Oh, love," John said as he opened his arms and Atlas leaned against him. "Your allowed to be upset about it. There's a lot that comes with FND and more symptoms you might get. But no matter what happens sweetheart, I am here for you and your dad will be here for you. Alright?" Atlas nodded before she sobbed. "Okay, oh, love."
"What if he doesn't get better Red?" Atlas asked as she stroked his head and watched the world go by from the window. The dog nudged her hand before sighing and then going back to her book.
John's stomach coiled, he was sure his heart was breaking. Getting to his feet he just stood, with his head down, fists clenching and unclenching in an off beat rythmn. He couldn't believe what he'd done. Had he just ruined their relationship? How could he have been so-
"After period two, so break time." Atlas replied, looking up momentarily as he put coffee in the coffee maker then onto the hob.
"I don't want her to die, John. I don't want her to..." Sherlock whimpered as he looked at John. "I don't want her to die. And I'm not ready."
"This is a good one." Atlas smiled before handing it over to him. He looked at it before nodding once, a hand to her shoulder.
Sherlock kissed her head before rubbing her arm and deciding on just sitting there with her. He didn't pressure her to speak, or anything as she remained swaddled under her dark blue blanket. An arm came across his stomach, Atlas placing an ear over his chest like Rosie did as a young child. In fact, as Atlas did as a young child as for that is where he had first used the heartbeat method to relax a child or send them off to sleep.
"She's...I...it was...she...for...for years it was...was...just...me and her...and...I can't...I lo..I'm not..." Sherlock managed to sob out between ragged breaths.
"Yeah. Only, Grandma Wanda and Grandad Timothy are coming into the city. Their staying with Mycroft and Eurus for three or four nights." Sherlock said, smiling slightly as he looked at a confused John. "They only rang late last night." John's face made an
"Two hours. Two and a half hours." The nurse said in reply. "Atlas, we have questions we need to ask. In a while, when you feel better."
"Everyday when I spoke to him. He said he wished he could have remembered you. Just as I wish I had met
"Yes but that's only because I restrict how much coffee you and Atlas consume," John laughed. "Heaven forbid you drink too much of the stuff."
"DO I see my eldest child helping?" Josephine said, shocked, as she entered the kitchen to see Harriet helping her Aunt Isla to bake some scones.
Throughout Greg's interlude thinking of the couple, Molly too ventured to her thoughts of them. She remembered a specific day that she spoke to John - not long after Sherrinford nearly five years ago.
Sherlock shared a look with John before giving the answer. Atlas nodded understanding, clearly Sherlock was on to who she was.
"Hey, hey, hey," Mycroft soothed, rubbing her knee. "It's not. It's okay. Your dad will be alright. He'll come back."
TWO days to go until Atlas' sixteenth and the house was unusually quiet. All it's inhabitants were somewhat peaceful except for Sherlock who was sulking on the sofa as he refused to look at anyone. Atlas, on several occasions had suggested he pick up a book and learn something new. Sherlock just said he didn't have anything new to learn, John begged to differ.
"Here," Atlas said, patting the bed as Mycroft slipped off his shoes and climbed onto it. "I was reading The Midnight Library."
"He always does," John said smiling as he glanced to the dog who was wagging his tail and turning in circles at the door. "Walk?"
"I know you don't want me to do this and I don't even want to but Atlas, I have to call an ambulance." Sherlock said, with a comforting smile.
"Yeah." She sighed before continuing. "They would...hurt me, say things to me. Sometimes I dream about them. Of course, they weren't all bad, a few were quite good like the old man who taught me to play piano or the woman who helped me learn violin. I was with the man for just over a year before he had a heart attack and died. The woman around two before she had to move away and I just couldn't go. Her money was always tight. They weren't all bad, but when I got a bad one."
"Dad or Papi?" Rosie asked as she absent mindedly coloured, ignoring Greg's faltering composure. In an instant he became extremely proud of this unconventional lunatic that he could confidently call his junkie friend.
ATLAS was giddy with excitement as she got into their land-rover. All of her stuff packed up as she smiled over to her dad who had arrived to pick her up on his own.
Atlas collected her bag from under her table before she looked over to her teachers and smirked. "Oh and my fact was that, sulfuric acid dissolves human tissue approximately 0.345% faster than hydrochloric acid."
"If it's all the same to you, Watson-Holmes is better than Holmes-Watson." John said looking at Sherlock who still looked wide eyed, before he nodded and kissed John lightly.
THE day that Atlas met the rest of Sherlock's - or rather her family was rather eventful. She had been helping with some cases and helping look after Rosie for around a month now. Somehow all this had not caught Mycroft's attention quite enough yet. He knew of Atlas but was yet to make the journey to meet her. However he had told his and Sherlock's parents and they were already on there way to see them by the time the clock hit 9am. There visit was rather unannounced and it was slap bang in the middle of a quiet day in which Atlas had insisted they do.
"A few months but me and my husband have known each other for about ten or eleven years now," Sherlock grinned as the woman nodded.
"Like PTSD, anxiety, depression and seizures. Sounds about right." Atlas laughed but it died in her throat and she quickly looked back down at the page. "We're at the final step...And then your officially my dad." There was a thoughtful pause. "That's pretty cool you know."
"It's my birthday the day after tommorow!" Rosie exclaimed sitting up and looking at her papa before looking at Atlas and her dad. She smiled before falling back against John earning an 'oof' sound. Sherlock laughed behind Atlas causing her to do the same.
"SHOOT." John said when they were in the bread aisle of Tesco's. Tesco had, in recent weeks, become the best friend of John. Cheaper than Waitrose but kept the quality. He would rather shop at Asda but he knew fine well himself that he lived with three of the most pickiest eaters this side of the galaxy and he wasn't about to enter another food shopping war with his fiancé.
"For the first time in my life." Atlas whispered. "I can't deduce what's wrong or solve the puzzle." She bit her lip in an attempt to prevent the tears from falling. She sighed taking a seat to the side of the bed, Sherlock taking one nearer.
"Atlas." She said as she tucked a piece of curly brown hair behind her ears and repositioned her glasses. Her cheeks blushed as she said her name, cursing under her breath. Atlas was supposedly a boy's name, although she's said on several occasions, it could easily fit a girl.
AN hour later and they could hear a cello being played. It was low and frankly beautiful and so slowly, so, so slowly everyone in the entire house migrated towards the living room and filed in. Atlas' back was to them whilst Sherlock faced them with his violin. He looked over the back of Atlas' head briefly before down at her. She seemed to nod her queue to him and he began to play and it was...beautiful. Sammy picked up Rosie and kissed her temple, though she was too big and John made his way over.
"I went downstairs and you weren't there and then I got confused," Sherlock smiled before coming over to lie down on the bed. "I thought you were in here." He then shuffled to sit next to his daughter before looking back at John.
"We have to be sensible." Sherlock said. "We have to choose right otherwise we might all die." John nodded before looking back up at the screen of Rosie.
ATLAS did not expect to be walking down the halls of a mental hospital. Anxious out of her mind as she walked alongside Sherlock, John walking on the other side. Her heart was so loud she could hear it thumping in her ears as they walked down the pristine hallway. All of their footsteps echoing in a contrapuntal pattern as they furthered down the hall. Sherlock had managed to bargain with Mycroft to get Atlas to come to the mental hospital.
The Queen's speech was laborious to some and exciting to others. Atlas was finding christmas rather interesting so far, she'd never really done it except for two times, one with the Stockholm family, the other with the Granger family.
"I've got this weird feeling that's making me want to jump up and down." Sherlock said flopping onto the sofa.
"Hello sweetheart," They greeted her as she pulled away from the camera and wedged herself between her siblings, Atlas putting her arm around her shoulder before Rosie got up and sat on Atlas' lap. Atlas wrapped her arms around her little sisters waist and hugged her before kissing her cheek. "Enjoying yourself?"
"See," She said, gesturing to her wrist in annoyance as it had seized forwards, fingers 90 degrees to her arm. "And it's sore too."
"Your first body." Sherlock announced before he found a brush and picked up Rosie who flailed slightly. Then sitting in his chair he placed her on his lap and brushed her hair for her. For the first time since meeting Sherlock Atlas was pleasantly surprised to find him smiling. Genuinely smiling and genuinely laughing as she gave him clips to help pull back her hair into place. Then scrambling out his lap she ran off shouting "Papi! Papi!" as she made her way to John's room.
"Yeah." Atlas sighed as she straightened up. "Just, there's a lot going on at the moment. My dad's on a mission and it's more dangerous than we've told my papa and then we're going to the spreading of the ashes of my papa's dad and sometimes it just...sentiment burns."
Only, the ladder was still inside the treehouse after Atlas had been up the previous day. Rosie scowled before looking over to where Atlas was lying in the hammock with Sammy lying in the other direction. Foot to face.
"Yeah. Really early. That's like over a whole two months. And when I was born, the cord was wrapped round my neck. Dad said something about me not breathing for ages. Although, that probably felt longer because he was...well...being a dad." Atlas smiled. "I was also too cold so they had to lay me on a heating pad with blankets over the top of me or something. He has a photo of me. In the weird incubation cot things." Atlas giggled. "I was in for ages. With the heart murmur and all that. Didn't have a seizure till I was about one and a half. I think Dad worried, still does. In the first few weeks, they monitored me in hospital because I was ill and I think I had a touch of jaundice too. And dad was scared because he blamed himself, said it was his fault because he should have kept a better eye on my mother, should have stopped her from having so much sex. He blamed
"I know I won't. Just promise that I can be there when he gets given it." Mycroft said smiling to himself as he thought about Sherlock seeing the dog he always wanted before him. He was pretty sure that he would see his brother cry with happiness at the sight before him. "Now it's your turn to lay your word."
"Tea." She sighed, hanging her jacket over the back of the armchair. Sherlock said to be at the address he'd texted by 9:30am so they had a bit of time. "How are you?" Molly asked, looking up at him as she accepted her black tea.
"I know, my love," John said before pulling Sherlock to him and kissing his temple. "And that's okay." He pulled away and looked at John with a smile. "That's why I love you. You are my everything, William Sherlock Scott Holmes."
"I'm not crying because of what you said, sweetheart," Sherlock smiled looking at her. "I just needed a moment to balance everything. I was just-"
"Alright." He huffed although he knew and she knew that he would enjoy plaiting it. Sherlock found a comfort in the way that all it was was a gentle strand ove strand pattern to create something that was arguably beautiful and it made him smile everytime.
"Hey, hey, hey." Sherlock said coming into the kitchen, he came to stand by John's side and kissed Rosie's temple. "May I?" He asked taking hold of the picture and Rosie's crying subsided enough for her to nod. He looked at the picture and studied the drawing on the paper. He smiled when his eyes tracked the picture and saw that there was a depiction of a body, drawn in black all outlined in blue. There were yellow squares around the body and Sherlock gave a smile. "She'll love it, sweetheart."
"I know this sounds like a stupid question." John said. "Are you alright? I'm not asking about physically, I'm talking about up here." He said tapping his temple with his index finger.
"Oh, she'll have been in with my partner." John smiled as he continued to massage his shoulder. There was a quiet pause. "Yeah, they come in together quite a lot, sometimes with my other daughter too. I think they buy things behind my back to use on their experiments."
"Because, it might push your teeth forward and then you might need braces, and trust me, we should try to avoid that one." Sherlock smirked.
"Okay, rate it from 1 to 10. 1 being manageable and 10 being unbearable," Dr Aduba smiled but Atlas just shook her head.
"Well, the chat we had was good and I think we've agreed...finally...that we love each other and that we forgive and...what was it she said?" Sherlock said between brushes of his teeth. "Oh yeah, forget. I don't know. Anyway...John? John!?"
"Yes. You and me can be in a team against Mycroft. He wanted to see you." Eurus smiled as they mad their way into her room. Helping her stand, Mycroft found himself engulfed in a truly unpredicted hug.
"Long," Sherlock said. "In order to discover, they had to test because despite my notes there was no definitive pattern and when they realised that they were Pseudo seizures it was like...okay...we'll try treatment and then it took that really serious seizure to discover the FND and all the puzzle pieces fit together kinda from there onwards."
"Your getting a bit old for this Rosie, love," John smiled before she looked at him then shook her head. "Alright then."
The same night Sherlock went home, reluctantly. Leaving the perfectly capable Mycroft to be there when John woke up, at least that's what Mycroft thought. Mrs Hudson wasn't far away from the hospital, she'd cancelled her time in Cornwall short to make it there. Both Atlas and Rosie had gone to their beds after seeing that he had come home, the dog had been a mess of wagging tail and slobber that certainly made Sherlock smile slightly.
"Sammy?" Sherlock asked, getting to his feet and putting his box of curry down. He walked over. "You ok?"
Just as the long song was coming to an end Atlas looked up to see John with closed eyes, still listening to the song.
"She is getting better but they're just finding out what all her symptoms are," John whispered. "I'm sorry for shouting at you earlier, that was unfair." He kissed Sherlock gently and rested a hand against his cheek, swiping under his eye with his thumb.
"A cocktail," Atlas smirked. "Just a general. I'm actually only on four but we have three different emergency medications too."
"Thank you Rosie." Rosie nodded before the pair appeared in the kitchen. Wanda was already at work cutting vegetables for the day.
"Okay." John smiled, his hand lingering on her shoulder longer than necessary - but not in an uncomfortable way. "I'll email them back."
"Sherlock. I trust you." John said putting his hands either side of Sherlock's face before pulling him in for a kiss. "I trust you."
"Yeah." Sherlock smiled before getting into his phone with a thumbprint before pulling up his games. However, he turned down the brightness and checked his volume was down. "You pick." He said, handing his phone over.
"Oh Atlas," Sammy said when he saw her face and, slipping under the covers, he pulled Atlas to him and kissed her hair. "You're ok. I'll look after you."
"I'm sure you answered as well as I could." John said and Atlas let out a breath she hadn't realised she had been holding. She immediately looked relieved, smiling slightly at John.
"No, pa," Atlas whispered. "I'm just tired of having a disorder that's not life long but will certainly come back and PTSD and heart palpitations and some of that's never going to leave me papa. I'm just tired and I like to know your there."
"I love you too, dad," Atlas smiled before kissing his cheek again and getting up to play with Redbeard again.
"I think I'll go pay them a visit." She smiled to John who told her which room it was. Disappearing through the door she found her granddaughters bedroom, knocked lightly and entered. The sight that greeted her was surprising to say the least. Atlas asleep, curled into Sherlock who was sat on the bed. His arm was draped protectively round her shoulder whilst his head lolled on top of her head. Asleep. Slowly, smiling to herself, she went back and retrieved John, just to show him.
"I'd love to." Atlas asked. "What's it about?" A pause of a few seconds. "Wait no, don't tell me. I think I want to find out."
"You can play," Sherlock smiled. "You'll not be able to." He paused and looked at her softly. "I started teaching you at four. And you were pretty impressive when you...well..."
The sound of a gun being loaded echoed through the room as her eyesight slowly came back into better vision. Let's not forget, the girl already wore glasses for reading and she secretly thanked the lord she left them at home like she normally did.
"I know. Just breathe." John said quietly pulling her forehead towards him. Her breaths remaining erratic. "Shh shh. Okay, okay."
"Yeah, cause I am too." John said, pulling away to reveal his tear stained face. Both men entering a giggling fit like they used to all those years ago. Sherlock put a tentative hand to John's cheek as their laughter drew to a close. Their lips touching, foreheads resting against each other. The world felt good.
"Shhh, shhh, okay, okay." Wanda soothed placing a hand to her back and rubbing, removing the pack of cereal from Atlas' hand. "Don't stress about that. I'm sure that if you wanted them to come home, they'd come home."
"Okay. Thank you. We should really come sit with her too." John smiled before reaching to shake Sherlock, but just before he could Sammy spoke.
He picked up the piece of paper in the bottom and inspected it. An equation that Sherlock must have snuck in for Atlas - a way to help her keep calm if she was feeling anxious. The box was packed just the way she liked it to be, everything in it's place and he supposed that he would just have to deal with it.
"I think I might go grab so-" Sherlock started but Atlas just gripped his hand and he stopped and decided to ask John to pick some up from the Costa on his way back from the toilet by text.
"Papi just got called a faggot." Rosie whispered, eyes going wide as she looked at Atlas. Her eyes were blue like her father's and her mother's from what Atlas had seen in photos. Atlas looked at John Sr in random disgust before standing.
Sammy nodded and followed Sherlock into the entryway of the small semi-detatched. Sherlock rubbed his feet and looked into the small house.
JOHN was set for release later that evening, the doctor's claiming it to be anemia. Nothing that iron tablets couldn't fix. They claimed the long lapse of unconsciousness was down to behind hit in the head when he hit the ground. He did hit the table on his way down.
AT the beginning of the day John did not expect to be sat by the hospital bed of his best friend. It was now as he sat with his own daughter on his lap and his best friend's daughter leaning against his side, that he reflected upon what had happened.
"If only more people thought like that." John said before making his way into the kitchen. "Maybe we wouldn't all have been shot barring Rosie and the dog."
"I love you," Atlas whispered in her ear and Jo didn't know what to say to that. She always thought Atlas and her dad to be more hostile than this. Atlas pulled away before hugging Isla and going back over to the fire pit and standing infront of it.
"Oh piss off." She whispered, her forehead making contact with the table with a quiet thump. Sammy and Aba sharing a smirk with one another.
"Why would someone do this to a kid?" Lestrade muttered from the sidelines as he watched two brilliant minds save another brilliant mind. And then he saw John and observed how he had changed Sherlock's life. How if Sherlock didn't have a best friend he'd be a different man, he wouldn't even be human.
A knock on the door startled the trio before John popped his head in. He watched as Rosie was in the middle of Sammy's legs that he'd had crossed. She was strumming as he manipulated the chords on the fret board. Giggles and smiles as the girls exchanged a look before they looked up.
"No, papa," Rosie insisted as she clutched Jeff with her free hand. "Uh oh. Papa, there's blood in it."
And then she was looking at them her body starting to relay against her and she fought it, they watched her. Her breathing deepened and she looked at Sherlock pleadingly.
Once he had moved away he heard the door click open and close again. He began to clean the mattress, it would need some time to air before they flipped it.
"Daddy, come quick. Atlas is sick." Rosie said before she darted off leaving the two men to look at each other, swiftly making their way through.
"I knew...I knew you wouldn't. But I was so scared that if you did. You'd never remember." Atlas whispered. "I wouldn't blame you to be honest. When Sherlock lost his memory...you all looked happy."
"No matter what," Sherlock offered with a smile. "I love you too." Atlas smiled back at him before they got up and went off to find the rest of their family.
"Eh, Atlas Watson-Holmes, watch your language," John said, looking at her pointedly, forcing himself to peer.
"Yeah...just what if papa's family don't like me?" Atlas asked quietly, looking at Sammy. "They'll like
Sherlock heaved a sigh, retracted his hand and got to his feet. Slowly, he leaned down and pecked a kiss on her forehead before resting his nose against it and slowly getting to his feet. Moving away he watched as John did the same before joining him, flicking the switch and shutting the door.
"I can't do it." Atlas gasped and she looked at John with a saddness in her eyes he don't think he'd ever seen before.
Greg didn't think anything of it, before looking up at her sharply. "Wait," Greg paused. "Are you telling me what I think you telling me?"
"Sherlock, it's alright." John said holding the other man's arms to steady him. "It's beautiful and I am so, unbelievably proud of you."
Sherlock's cheeks went scarlet as he took the picture of Rosie back and slipped it into his wallet. He pulled out his driver's license - double checking that it truly was the driver's license - and handed it over. Atlas wore a victory smirk before the keys were eventually handed over.
Then they are kissing. It is a slow deliberate kiss. Each one wanting to feel every moment, every press of lips, every quick swipe of the tongue. Arms snaked around each other. Hands fisted in clothes.
When it got so heavy, so overwhelming, John thought he might burst, he slowly pulled away, Sherlock chasing him with his lips. As John leaned over to the bedside table Sherlock peppered his chest and stomach with delicious, hungry kisses.
Tears and blood flooded her eyes. Her head hit the tile floor as she fell backward, but she didn’t stop. She leapt back in the general direction of the mayhem. She began pulling his hair, pawing for any flesh she could dig her fingernails into.
Sherlock stared, disbelieving for a moment, before his lips curled in a sneer. Without another word Sherlock turned and walked out of Mycroft’s office.
“I want to cum in your mouth. I want to cum hard down your throat and I want to watch you swallow ever drop I give you.”
BTW check out my new fic The Society Pages. It's a historic New York AU where John is a journalist and Sherlock is a high-society prat. Also staring John's mustache!
“He followed me into the bedroom. I was still naked from the shower.” Clementine was gasping. Not two seconds ago she was awash in sensation and now everything had stopped. She would do
At this, the once hard expression on the man’s face broke and a stricken look engulfed his features. He quickly recovered, a mask of pure indifference replacing his true feelings.
“Yeah. Yeah, we are still here. The power’s gone out.” The screen flipped suddenly and Clementine was greeted with John’s face, sweaty and flushed, illuminated by the light of the phone’s screen.
“How did you two meet?” John’s voice was almost casual. Sherlock was shivering where he stood. He felt more and more exposed with every button released from its place. When he didn’t answer the question John stopped his forward progress, hands just resting on the man’s chest. Sherlock began to panic slightly. Had he done something wrong? Why had John stopped? Then he remembered.
A splash of fluid sprang from between her legs and hit Sherlock in the stomach and chest. Sherlock groaned, but continued as if nothing had happened. His fingers rubbed circles over her sensitive clit as wave after wave of orgasm washed over her. Another splash of liquid hit Sherlock. This time it splashed slightly in his face.
John’s head was spinning. He couldn’t possibly remember everyone. The whole time she escorted him about the room she kept a genial smile on her face. She ended the tour by leaving John in the company of one Doctor Stapleton.
He had entered the military over ten years ago completely alone. However much he wanted someone to talk to about those difficult times, however much he wanted to unwind with a beer and a good laugh at the end of a hard week, he knew that those kinds of bonds came at a cost. It was a cost he wasn’t sure he could pay again.
“Oh, don’t be like that Sherl.” She wrapped her arms around him the way a small child would wrap their arms around someone much larger.
He didn’t look back. Didn’t even look out the window once he found his seat. If he had he may have seen a tall, lanky figure with a mop of curls standing near the station silently watching as the train pulled away.
“Yes.” Sherlock picked up the small black device from the kitchen table. “It fell out of your pocket yesterday evening when you carelessly threw your jacket to the ground.”
“Are you this dripping wet just for me?” He probed his fingers back farther running the tips right along her entrance.
Sherlock shot him a sideways grin. People had said Sherlock was an asshole, but John didn’t buy it. He knew it was more complicated than that. It was clear he could be rude and brusque, but John had also seen him brilliant, soft, and vulnerable. The more he learned about this man the more he wanted to know.
Sherlock’s eyes fell from John’s to stare at where his cock was sinking into Clementine’s slick, pink, and
Sherlock rocked his hips gently. John gripped tighter into his flesh. Sherlock moved again. And again.
Stood before him, still shirtless, feet now safely encased in rough black leather boots, was Sherlock Holmes. John’s mouth watered at the sight of the man’s bare chest. It was scuffed and dirty. John could see the red beginnings of angry bruises.
“Casino Royal is on Netflix!” Sherlock’s spine went stiff at John’s words, hollered from the living room.
It was almost ironic that the first time he had ever been in this particular A&E had been with Clementine a few months back.
Sherlock wailed in pleasure as John inserted a fourth finger. The widest section of his strong hand stretching him to the limit. Sherlock could feel John’s thumb rubbing against his perineum as he made short, machinegun jerks with his hand.
“It’s my turn to watch.” John whispered in his ear. “I want you to show me how to pleasure her. I want to learn from the expert.”
John blushed a little. Had he been presumptuous? Perhaps it had all been about sex and John had just stepped over some line he hadn’t realize existed. Clementine could see the unease on his face.
Slowly, and with much effort, Sherlock lifted his eyelids. John continued to pump his fingers into Sherlock’s body.
Just then Sherlock felt soft strong hands rub across his shoulders and a soft kiss land at the top of his head. He had not yet lifted his gaze from the spores, but he hummed contentedly at the contact.
Anyway, John was not about to let Harry sleep with his friend. She needed to get home and sleep off this drunken stupor. He picked up his pace to catch up to the women.
John woke early again the next morning. How he got stuck with a weekend clerkship was beyond him. He kissed a sleeping Clem on the cheek before heading to the kitchen to grab a quick cup of tea and some toast.
Quickly, Sherlock scrambled to reach him. They grabbed for each other desperately. Adrenaline took over the detective and he hauled John bodily back over the edge of the roof, the two of them collapsing on the ground.
John proceeded to deftly undo the buttons of Sherlock’s trousers, pulling them open and shifting them down as much as he could, given their positions. Then slowly and with the greatest of care, John reached into Sherlock’s pants and guided his hard, aching cock out into the open.
Late one evening after a particularly exciting chase across London, culminating in Sherlock handing a criminal over to the Met with all of his glorious deductions on full display, they burst through the door of 221B breathless and giddy. They practically jogged up to the flat, Sherlock throwing his jacket and scarf on the ground.
Clementine remained pressed against John’s back, peppering his shoulders with light kisses and running her fingers through the smattering of hair on his chest.
John must have either felt the same way or could tell how Sherlock himself was feeling because, before Sherlock realized what was happening, John had scooted back slightly on Sherlock’s lap and his hands were working at his trouser buttons. Once John had his buttons undone and his pants exposed he reached for Sherlock’s, pausing briefly to give him a questioning look.
Then he saw Sherlock take the pill out of the bottle and inspect it. The utter wanker! They had just found each other again and now he was going to go and kill himself? Maybe John meant nothing to him after all. Perhaps this was all just about a convenient flatshare for him. Sherlock put down the pill.
Sherlock’s face was still buried into Clementine’s neck, alternately panting against and lightly sucking on her skin. His hips rocked up into her body. He was using the force of John’s hips and thrusts as leverage for his own.
This is just a quick wrap up of the sex scene from last chapter, before we get into more plot. Sorry for any typos. I wanted to get it up tonight. (no pun intended)
Without much choice in the matter John found himself sat back on a park bench with Mike, drinking a takeout cup of coffee.
Harry tilted her head back and cackled at John’s words. Without another word she turned around, banged on the jukebox and started up the music again.
Well, I just wanted to write and apologize. I’m the one who chose to come out here. I don’t need to be putting any of this bullshit on you. Especially as you are focusing on finishing school. That being said, my first leave is coming up soon. I will be able to take a few weeks off and head back to the UK. I would really like to see you. I’d love to come to your graduation. That is, even if you plan on attending, which you should. It’s your damn PhD Sherlock. It is something to be celebrated!
John didn’t even think. He just moved. In two seconds flat he was out of the restaurant and stalking toward the soon to be very dead son-of-a-bitch who had his hands on Clem.
Sherlock could not take his eyes off of John’s hands, off of what his mad, amazing roommate was currently doing. He sucked in a sharp breath when he felt John’s hand make contact with his prick. He moaned unabashedly and without a second thought dove his hand into John’s pants, wanting to feel and see in the same way John was.
I lost my first patient today. He was a young guy. Just out of high school. His platoon had been scouting the same road I mentioned in my last letter. The truck he was in hit an IED. When they brought him into the base hospital he had already lost too much blood.
As soon as they were out of the pub their hands were all over one another. John pulled her in for a bruising kiss, tasting sweet soft lips. She desperately clung to his arms and he secretly thanked his rugby captain for taking the game so seriously. It was just a community league team, but the tough practices had kept John from getting soft, sitting around studying all day.
“He—he grabbed her. That’s why I rushed out. He had her by the shoulders and was shaking her.” John could see Sherlock’s jaw clench at his words.
“And that’s the way it went,” said Sherlock standing in the doorway to kitchen, watching the pair on the couch. He seemed irritated.
Clementine’s stomach turned. She could feel the remanence of her lunch threaten at the back of her throat.
to be quite a spectacular adventure as he was never sure how Sherlock would interpret the rules each time. Other times they spoke animatedly about medicine and biology. Sherlock was always thirsty for knowledge and John loved it. He loved how attentive he became, how vibrant his face and bright his eyes were when John explained the workings of a particular disease or deformity.
They sat there for a few moments not saying a word. Just staring at each other. Sherlock with a pleading look and Clementine with an air of irritation.
“I find it funny you are so worried about who Clem is sleeping with instead of who your boyfriend is sleeping with,” came a low growling voice behind John. Sherlock was there now, standing next to Clementine, takeout bags in hand.
John punctuated his words with a dep thrust. Sherlock howled and Clementine moaned at the sight and sound, rubbing a hand over one breast and plucking fervently at one erect nipple.
With a snarl on his lips he turned and led the group out of the room and back outside. Clementine closed the door behind them, climbed onto her bed to look out the window and watched as, one by one, they appeared back on the main lawn.
“Sherlock Holmes, it is the principal of the thing. You cannot just drop by unannounced and demand that I change my plans. I have my own life. I love you, but you have to stop this.”
John shot a startled look at her. He would be lying if he said he had never thought about it, but he didn’t want to make Clementine feel unwanted.
Three quick stinging slaps landed on Sherlock’s tender flesh. Then John was back inside him fucking him hard. Sherlock gripped the edge of the table and moaned.
“I couldn’t help myself John.” He sounded desperate and apologetic. “I saw her coming out of the shower yesterday. It was so beautiful.”
“Clementine loves very big, very deeply. Anyone who is privy to her love is exceptionally lucky. She does not give it out lightly. But with deep love comes deep hurt.”
It was hard and lacked finesse. Not the standard John Watson fare. But it was full of passion and heat and the moment John heard a soft whimper escape Sherlock’s lips he doubled his effort.
Suddenly Sherlock was sitting up. John pulled his hands away so as not to hurt him. Then John was being pushed back into a chair. Sherlock pulled off his boxers, rolled the condom on, and climbed into his lap.
“Ya know I never pegged you as a stoner Holmes,” he said, passing the joint to Sherlock, who took a short drag.
Sherlock stared at her, dumbfounded. “I—They—They wouldn’t let me see you. I tried so hard to find you. To get to you. It just—”
“Fuck. Fuck! Fuuuuuuuck!” He hollered. “He’s fucking me with four fingers. Clem, it’s so much. So much.” Sherlock was jittering, the screen shaking with his movements.
“No luck,” Sherlock inquired. John didn’t respond, just kicked off his shoes, untucked his shirt and plopped down in his chair.
This was the way to do it, he thought. He could look down for the perfect view of the gorgeous woman wrapped around his cock or look between her killer legs at the tall drink of water laid back in the arm chair.
As quickly as he pushed aside the thought of labels the memory of the previous night invaded his awakening mind. Once he had solved the mystery of the diamonds in the bags and presented his brilliant findings to the police it had hit him all at once how much he missed John. He had been completely absorbed in the case, a solid eight on his scale, and hadn’t thought once to call or text the other man. Now all he wanted was to see John’s radiant face, hear his voice, kiss his lips.
The next few weeks were a blur for John. It was hard enough keeping up with rugby practice and school, but maintaining any semblance of a relationship with Clementine and Sherlock took extra effort. Mostly because they had busy schedules too. Clementine taught two sections of organic chemistry in addition to her dissertation research. This meant she was usually cooped up in the lab, her classroom, or her office grading papers. Sherlock had been exempt from teaching after his first class. Five freshman left the class crying. The dean decided it would be best if Sherlock remained in a research-only position. And research he did. Sherlock was involved in more projects and experiments than the faculty. He always seemed to be branching out to work with the biology and the geology departments.
In any case it had been one of those rare nights where it was just John and Clementine. They had gone out for Thai, then spent the evening strolling the South Bank. It was a tourist trap to be sure, but there was something just so quintessentially London about it that they both loved. The smell of the Thames, the view of Big Ben and The Eye of London.
He focused his eyes, the delicious memory fading from view. Garrett, a triage nurse, was standing in front of him holding a clipboard. John straightened his posture in a vain attempt to appear attentive.
Reverently John began massaging the lush cheeks of Sherlock’s ass. Gripping the soft flesh between his fingers he spread him apart. Leaning down he huffed a hot breath over Sherlock’s sensitive hole. The taller man shivered at the sensation. Clementine was coming back to herself and reached up to run her fingers through Sherlock’s riotous curls.
Sherlock had always preferred having John, his conductor of light, along with him on cases since their very first case together. But, he was also used to going it alone when he had to. John, of course had his own job to attend to.
“Start of uni,” he said. “I was so excited to finally be in the big—” The chirping of his phone interrupted his story.
They tumbled onto the bed with a relieved sigh, their bodies sliding together like two missing cogs in a watch. As if time had ceased to be while they were apart and only now could they begin living again.
The figure pushed away from its position against the wall, shaking the match in his hand before throwing it to the ground. This was a man John had not met, or even seen, this evening.
John stood there for a moment not believing what he was seeing. It wasn’t until the two women had walked out the door that he was spurred into action. He nodded at the bartender, who shot him a relieved and thankful look.
This time there was no message, just a picture. John bit his bottom lip and ground down hard against Sherlock before turning the phone for Sherlock to see.
Things were different now, though, he had to admit, because when this case had come to a close the days away from his partner—
“A bit of weed isn’t ‘selling him drugs’ sweets. I’m not a fucking junkie like your mate. He chose to squat in drug dens. I’m not pimping him out for drugs or anything. He did that shit on his own.” Clem slapped Victor across the face. Victor looked sufficiently contrite.
Sherlock reached his hands past John’s waist and gripped Clementine’s hips, thrusting her into the other man. She moaned wantonly at the feeling.
“Do keep up you two. Clementine, not thirty minutes ago I sat on the couch and informed you I was going to text John and I needed your phone as that is where his number is stored.”
“I’m sure Clem would agree with you if she had all her wits about her,” Sherlock said. John gave a slight chuckle.
The two men looked at each other, fight in their eyes. John watched as their bodies began warming up. They bounced from foot to foot, rolling their shoulders, swinging arms, stretching necks. The referee shouted the rules.
With his eyes locked on Sherlock John gripped her hips and thrust home, deep inside her aching cunt. She cried out in pleasure as John pounded into her.
“She wants to take a trip to the botanical gardens,” continued his brother. Sherlock almost didn’t hear his voice above the litany of thoughts, strategies, running through his head.
By the end Sherlock walked out completely pumped, ready for a life of adventure, fighting crime and terrorism as an MI6 agent. Clementine, on the other hand, left the movie rallying against the sexist subplots and bemoaning the ending.
That would be the greater pain. He would rather make them angry with him than cause them the pain that comes with losing a loved one.
She was unbuttoning the flowery blouse that spilled over her luscious breasts and he surmised that she had propped her phone up in the coffee table that accompanied the couch.
“He is. It doesn’t matter if he is on drugs. Deep down he is still Sherlock and he needs my help.” Clem turns to Mycroft. “You have the British government at your disposal. Just give me a wire or something and put a bunch of guys outside the place so that if I get into trouble you can come in and rescue me.”
But Sherlock could not be deterred. He was going to learn how to fight. He was going to wear slick suits and use is intellect to track down the worst of the worst. He was beaming, excited.
The party her father was throwing that day, a garden cocktail party, was also one of his “family friendly” parties. This meant that all of his clients brought their snot-nosed children to terrorize the staff while their parents ignored them and got elegantly wasted.
Sherlock scrambled to grab the phone as John undid the last few buttons and pulled his shirt tails from his trousers. Sherlock slid his finger across the screen of the phone and let out a deep growl of approval. John quickly snatched the phone from his grip.
I am being medically discharged. They are sending me back to the UK with a pension. What am I supposed to do with myself Sherlock? This has been all I have known for the last thirteen years. I can’t practice medicine with a shaky hand and a bum leg.
I’m in a hospital in Germany right now. My wound become badly infected. I have been extremely ill for weeks, but things look to be on the mend. Sorry about the poor writing. I seem to have developed a tremor in my hand. Nerve damage, most likely. I must have also injured my leg somehow during it all as it has become very painful to walk.
Kate closed her eyes. She and Mrs. Ashcroft had initially bonded over a shared loss – the pain of so many unanswered questions. But now she wanted Kate to share in her good fortune. But why had Mary risked getting in contact with her parents? After all these years?
Sherlock lifted his head and smiled at John. A real smile. A scary smile. “There is the matter of punishment.”
In the end, he reserved a Ford Focus from the local car hire. No extra charge for last minute cancellations.
He pulled back and looked at Sherlock. Wished he could just walk into that mind palace and find the room where they’d both be okay with this new . . . development. Sherlock stared back, nothing on his face. John would just have to believe what came out of his mouth.
John smiled against his lips. With a mutual sigh, they relaxed against each other. All the ease that was missing from their conversation was here, in the way Sherlock’s thumb stroked John’s knuckles. Their bodies seemed to recognise one another as Sherlock’s tongue explored John’s lower lip, sucking gently as John tipped his head back and moaned. They leaned back until they were lying on the bed facing each other. Sherlock kissed him again, then rolled away and stood up. For a short second, John imagined that Sherlock had changed his mind, lost his nerve. But then he watched as he took off his jacket and hung it over the back of a chair. He slowly began to unbutton his shirt.
Sherlock closed his eyes. Bent over and rested his elbows on his knees. “Something about a bridge, crossing a bridge . . . John, another shot please.”
Sherlock woke up slowly. His head felt messy with fragments of dreams and memories, past and future, ricocheting through his head. The other side of the bed was empty and he couldn’t remember if John had ever come to bed. He rolled into a sitting position. His head was throbbing and his neck was stiff.
Sherlock looked away and took a long breath. When he spoke, his voice was thick, “I fear that I miscalculated the depth of my –” He turned back to face John and lifted his shoulders in a small shrug. “I missed you.”
She’d pick up Chloe at the airport, take her back to the hotel and propose to her. Get down on one fucking knee if she had to. She’d marry her and move to Toronto and make babies and live happily ever after. Leave Sherlock and John and Mary and Mycroft fucking Holmes to work out their own problems.
“Mycroft Holmes can take care of himself.” Greg leaned forward. “Listen, Kate, it’s complicated . . .” He shook his head. “Sod it, I’m trying to protect
They ate in silence for a bit. Kate watched John count every bite that went into Sherlock’s mouth. Greg’s phone rang twice, but he turned it off both times. She got up and was looking for champagne glasses when she heard John slam down his hand on the table.
For a brief moment he thought that maybe he’d gotten it all wrong after all. “Holmes. Sherlock Holmes.”
“When?” She knew the answer. She just needed confirmation.  Identity.  Location. And then she would find her and kill her. Sherlock would just have to get in line.
The laugh that rose from Sherlock’s chest sealed most of the remaining cracks. Sherlock’s hands against his heart took care of the rest.
“Jesus, Sherlock. Work with me here. We don’t have time for your giant ego right now.”  At the mention of time, Sherlock’s eyes went to the clock. Greg watched his silent calculation and he sighed.
The first time John had kissed Sherlock, he'd almost missed his mouth entirely, just catching the corner of it, because Sherlock had been turning to look up at the lightning storm when John leaned in. It turned out not to matter, because five awkward, embarrassed minutes later Sherlock had taken John's head in both his hands and pulled him close, kissing him hard and sure, his fingers snaking through his hair, both of them falling away from the window onto Sherlock’s bed. That night John learned Sherlock’s body by the flashes of light in the sky, in the middle of a torrential spring.
that the Regiment later claimed were staged. The detainees who died in custody. The Regiment closed ranks and no one would testify against the Corporal accused of abuse. He was never convicted.
He pulled off his jumper and trousers, lifted the sheet and slid into that familiar space, the one place he’d ever been truly happy. Sherlock sighed and said his name, and John turned and laid his palm against Sherlock’s back, rested his left foot against Sherlock’s ankle. He felt himself drifting into sleep and chose not to fight it. Later he and Sherlock would talk and argue and plan and in the end, he’d agree to whatever daft scheme Sherlock came up with. He always did. He knew now that he’d wasted months trying to make a choice that had been made a long time ago.
“You had no reason to believe that Anna Ashcroft was the shooter in Peter Goodale’s murder? Or that she continued to work for James Moriarty after he left Canada?”
“What do you think?” Kate tried to not let her irritation show. “He gave me a ride around the park and a plane ticket home.”
“Oh, I am such an idiot – yes, the baby! Anna was pregnant when she showed up. Quite far along, really.” Mrs. Ashcroft spoke softer, as if she thought someone could hear. “Apparently her husband works in counter-terrorism. He couldn’t come with her – Anna was very upset when she got here. I was quite worried. But he’ll be here soon, so it’s all going to be fine . . .”
It was Sherlock who intrigued her the most. He stood a bit apart from the others, to the left of John. Wearing one of his robes over a purple silk shirt. Which was spotless, of course. His arms were crossed in front of him and he was staring at John and Violet. With what could only be called an adoring gaze. She zoomed in again and studied Sherlock's face. Definitely adoring. Whatever had transpired at Baker Street over the last few months had changed him. She couldn’t wait to text him and tell him he’d got it all wrong. Again. She wasn’t looking at a disaster. She was looking at a family.
When Sherlock came out of the shower twenty minutes later, a towel wrapped around his waist, John was sitting on the edge of the bed waiting. Sherlock recognised the look on John’s face – John had worn the same pained expression all through Rosie’s childhood. But there was something else there he’d never noticed. John was
She went on. “I learned she had a boyfriend. None of her friends ever met him, and only one remembered his name. Even then, it was a common enough last name. This friend recalled that he worked for the government in Ottawa. Not exactly helpful – it’s a government town. I spent two weeks going through personnel records until I found him.”
“No, of course not. I was just wondering . . .” He swallowed and carded a hand through his hair. Ever since he met Sherlock, it was like he had an itch somewhere he couldn’t reach. He tried once to describe Sherlock to Harry, but he didn’t get past an awkward “it’s complicated” before changing the subject.
She stopped a block from her apartment. Collapsed onto the nearest bench and cried. Into Sherlock’s fancy South American scarf, she wept for Sarah, for herself, for the terrible waste of a beautiful life. Their beautiful life.
She’d achieved everything she’d come to London for – she’d found enough evidence to make an arrest in Peter Goodale’s murder, solved the mystery of Anna Ashcroft’s disappearance, and even extracted a promise from Sherlock to take on Sarah’s case. Most surprising, she had a girlfriend waiting in Montreal who was not only speaking to her, but throwing around the L word. Maybe the engagement ring wouldn’t end up on Craigslist after all. All that was missing was a bright red bow to tie it all together.
We both think for a while. I do it on the sofa while eating a ham and cheese sandwich from Speedy’s and he does it while dissecting an eyeball at the kitchen table.
“Are you sure? How do you know it was your daughter?” Grasping at straws of course – she knew damn fucking well it was Anna/Mary.
“You’re deflecting . . . this is not . . .” John started, but Sherlock moved forward, his hand rising to find the side of John’s face, and he caught John in the middle of a word, the middle of a heartbeat and kissed him. He kissed him as long as he could, until his thoughts began to fracture and white spots burst on the backs of his eyelids.
“Let’s go.” He bent and wrapped one arm around Sherlock’s back and under his arm and helped him stand.
Sherlock was solicitous and patient and kind. He made tea without being asked, let John use his laptop and watched crap telly with him. He managed to stay on his own side of the bed and picked up his socks. He hadn’t once dragged John into the bedroom when he was trying to write, or pushed him up against the wall, thrusting his hips into John’s erection, his tongue into John’s mouth. He’d never once let the tea get cold because he needed to fuck John that very minute or he’d never make it through the rest of the day.  He hadn’t once kissed him.
“Maybe one day. Not for a long time, though. I’ve got a lot of chores to do between now and then.” He held out his pipe and John filled it with tobacco. It was a ritual they’d started when John was barely five.  “Any more questions or do I get to smoke this pipe in peace?”
“Although I’d love to sit here all night and discuss your fucked up relationship with your brother, I have to go.” John tried the door. “Unlock the door.”
He stood when she got to the table. Pulled out her chair for her. “I ordered you a pint,” he said. “Hope that’s all right.”
John added Indian cuisine to the short list of the things he knew Sherlock liked (his list of what he
Sherlock leaned up on one elbow, staring at John. “I haven’t forgotten.” He leaned down and kissed John.
. Recreating that particular itinerary would make this trip feel a little too much like a pilgrimage, so he decided to drive.
They arrived at the church half an hour before the funeral started. John still didn’t understand why they were there. Sherlock had refused to explain, saying only that it had nothing to do with a case. Nothing to do with
Sherlock took a sip of coffee. “So what do I have to say that gets you off my back and out of here as quickly as possible?”
John stood on the pavement outside the flat, breathing hard, his heart beating loudly against his chest. He needed to get as far away from Sherlock as possible.
When the wedding invitation arrived, John set the unopened envelope on the table beside the door and forgot about it. He was surprised they had bothered to send him a formal invitation, since as best man, his presence was pretty much a sure thing. Harry had asked him minutes after she and Lauren announced their engagement at Christmas dinner. Saying yes was the easiest decision he’d made in a long time.
The hum was back. Only this time it was more than a hum – it was an electric storm that had every neuron firing.
Sally waited until he was finished reading. “Guess I’m not the only one who thinks they’re shagging.”
He closed his eyes and took two deep breaths. A stroke? Possibly, except what stroke leaves you with more function than you had before?
“Of course I’ll wait, you stupid tit.” John wondered if he and Sherlock would be like the roads in the map – with their own strange geometry – coming together and parting, over and over.
“My father was a doctor. My mother too,” he said around a mouthful of potato chips. “I don’t remember ever deciding to be a doctor, everyone just assumed, so I went along. Sherlock accused me once of always letting other people decide what I want. Not that he ever let me choose.” There was something in his expression she couldn’t read. Regret, maybe. He stood suddenly and headed down the hall. She heard the bathroom door close and the sound of running water.
"I just wish that Atlas would get better," Sherlock whispered before John lifted his head and looked at him.
"Definately," Atlas said as they finally got to the bus stop they required. "Papa?" She asked once they'd stopped. "When do me and Sam have to go back to school?"
"Neither of them have been in recently, but I think we were going to head in and see Mr Fraggerty and a few others," John smiled, Lucy signing in translation.
Her mother, Mary-Anne as she had been told she was called, was on the other side of the door. She anxiously exhaled a breath, it not going unnoticed by Sherlock who put a hand down to take hers. Squeezing it tightly the doors opened at they stepped through into the room. Between Atlas and her mother was a thick sheet of glass and she shuddered, she was so close.
"I'm not really good at this." Sherlock said quietly. "But would you like a hug? Atlas normally likes one when she's sad."
"What is war like?" Atlas asked, looking up at John. He just sighed, Rosie still sleeping against his chest. Atlas nuzzled closer into his side before looking back up. "What? I just want to know."
"I know. Just, I really liked May and Xerxes, but Aba was our glue. We don't have our glue anymore." Atlas said against John, who rubbed her back.
"And that, papa, is because your my dad," Atlas smiled. "Dad's cry at everything there daughter's do but do you know something else?" She paused thoughtfully. "So do mum's."
DOWNSTAIRS, John and Sherlock walked into 221 to the sound of music and laughter. The case had been a child, a dead child. They thought they could get there in time but it was too late. Seven and a half years old, female and dead. Before her life had even begun and John and Sherlock just wanted to see their children, who were alive and well.
"Not to me, but I've seen it happening to other girls...and I've had the bra twanging thing done to me," Atlas said with a sad smile. "All the girls get it at some point in their lives, it's worst when it unclasps and you have to go to the toilets just to right it. Also not great when it's a girl doing it to a girl either."
"We do but not a great variety, but we do have fresh mint in the garden if you'd like some fresh mint tea?" Sherlock smiled.
"Dad." Rosie said quietly. "Huggles." Sherlock sighed and leaned down giving her a hug. Then she clung to him like a monkey, him standing up and hugging her close.
"Hello." She quietly squeaked before picking up the book and shoving it back into Sherlock's waiting hands. He then continued the story in time for the rest of the family to witness.
"What did he say?" Sherlock asked as he stood by the sink, looking at John over his shoulder. John shook his head, refusing to give an answer.
"Daddy," Rosie whimpered before latching onto him aswell and he just held them. He just held his children as they cried.
"ME and your dad have been chatting." John said as he came to sit by Atlas, on the two seater sofa. "It looks like Harry and Jo need to stay a while longer-"
"RIGHT." John smiled looking at Sammy who had his rucksack slung over his shoulder. "Tickets?" Sammy produced the tickets and flashed them. "Money?" Sammy showed his wallet with a smile. "Phone?"
"Bless her. Sherlock's MIA." John sighed from the door as Sammy left the room and they continued down the hallway.
"There's a party tommorow night." Hale said as she looked around them. "We could go. I think it's only small and it's a bunch of geeks I know from the school. Do you want to go?"
"Wife recently left you. Took the kids. Living in the south of France. You don't see them. She left you because she walked in on you having a foursome - ooh bet that was awkies. Just lost your job aswell, despite what Marcella Newtsworthy here thinks of that. Your struggling mentally, particularly because the divorce papers just came through." Atlas stopped herself, realising she may have been a little inappropriate before she pulled out a piece of paper from her pocket and scribbled down a number. "Ring them, they'll help you out."
"Are you okay?" John asked quietly, Sherlock sitting up abruptly to offer him a look before leaning against him again.
"Fifteen." Sherlock croaked and John nodded for Mrs Hudson to leave them alone. She did so leaving the two men alone to hash things out. "I counted. Her birthday is the 16th of November." Sherlock's face was blank but in one way it was also withdrawn.
"She's mute and only speaks to people she is really comfortable with." Sherlock said from the kitchen as he was heard shoving something into a drawer. Silence occupied the room yet again.
"Who'd you write it for?" Gordon said looking around the room of teary eyes and already knowing the answer.
Once everyone was served and settled the conversation at the table begun. But not before Atlas laid down some rules.
"I'm bored!" He stood to his feet, the dog copying him. "Do you want to go for a walk?" He directed towards the dog who sat and cocked his head to the side before running to the door.
THE rings were, in the simplest expression possible, beautiful. And with a smile John paid for them and they left the jewellers. Outside, John's phone went off and he answered.
There were voices in the distance and she felt herself finally be able to sit up. In the distance she could see a flicker of yellow light and she held onto that viewpoint as she pulled herself to a standing position. Grabbing a nearby trunk as she nearly fell over, she tried to make her way over to the lights and the shouting and the gunshots and the wails. Trees and their branches provided excellent support as she weaved her way through the dense forest.
"I think you are too, sweetheart." Sherlock smiled as they made their way out of the room - but not before Sherlock had had a chance to stuff Whisper into his pocket.
WHEN Sherlock walked in with Harry and later John with Jo, Atlas was sitting on the cabinet chatting with Mycroft. They looked fully engaged on their conversation about the security service which, worryingly, Atlas appeared to know nearly everything about.
IN the middle of the night Atlas woke herself up, screaming until she thought her lungs might explode. Tears streaming down her face as she screamed and it was Sammy who appeared first.
"Just a little longer," Sherlock smiled. "We're too late for breakfast here but we'll go for brunch at that pancake place." She pulled away and smiled at him. "Always gets you to smile."
"How's everything with your sister, Sammy?" Timothy asked from the end of the table, looking over to the boy in question.
"I'll take him." Sally Donovan said before taking the teenager off to one side. A few moments later, Atlas heard him retching, and she closed her eyes regretfully.
"No," Atlas frowned. "But she only wanted to know why her son killed himself. That's all she wanted. And I know you or papa, whoever took the shot, had to. But she died thinking it was her fault he died."
"Everyone's going to come down to watch them from here," John said, wrapping an arm around her shoulder. "The northern lights are here so we might as well catch them while we can. If you feel okay?"
Atlas nodded once as she looked at a picture of Sherlock holding her, her mother (who did not smile anything like the goofy one painting her father's face) and then one of a couple she didn't recognise.
"Sherlock. You do realise her name is actually a boy's name. The titan who was given the punishment of holding the sky on his shoulders." John watched as Sherlock's mouth curved up slightly at the edges.
"I was just trying to protect him from it. He doesn't do well when I'm sad and I'm not sad it's just..." Atlas stopped throwing her hands around in the air.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had managed to put a sleeping Rosie to bed. He didn't bother changing her, she could potentially wake up. And besides, John had dressed her in comfortable clothing that morning. Tucking her in, he kissed her forehead, smiling whilst she slept. However, just as he was about to look away, he saw that she was stirring.
"Mycroft call an ambulance." John said after a moment or two, the weaker man rushing off to call for one. "Okay." He said soothingly as he applied a little bit of pressure, Sherlock doing his utmost to keep her conscious and keep her calm. John got to work trying to check for exit wound and other valuable pieces of information.
For so long the young girl had been shuffled from one home to the next, never quite being given what she needed. Now, many puzzle piece's missing she hoped that this would make a change.
ATLAS woke up to the sounds of guns going off in the distance at a deafening rate. Blinking her eyes open slowly she could feel the moss beneath her finger tips. She tried to push herself up but found her body was too weak to carry her wait and she felt herself fall back down onto the cool ground. The sky was dark, cast in speckled stars and she couldn't tell whether she was alone or with company. Flipping over onto her back with extreme effort she found herself falling and falling and falling and falling until she felt herself hit the ground again. Looking up she could see she was amongst some trees and as she thought about it she could feel the earth accumulating around her back and her head. She resisted the urge to cough as she blinked rapidly as she tried to flicker out of what she was seeing.
Atlas had him until she didn't, finding herself in the same situation she had put him in. The knife fell from his hands and rolled off to the side, near Atlas. She reached for it as he vision clouded again, the black threatening to arrive. She reached and she pushed and she pushed until at last she had it. In one sharp movement the knife was drawn across his throat, slipping his artery. Blood covered her clothing as he fell on top of her, her breathing ragged as she pushed him off the top of her. She looked down once at him frowning before back at Mrs Peterson. Innocent enough but still icy and she walked over, bargaining the loaded gun.
The piece of music was stunning and beautiful in ways John couldn't explain as Atlas' fingers touched the base of the cellos neck, fingers tremoring to create a vibrato.
"John." Sherlock said from the top of the stairs, the other man hurriedly leaving. Atlas left to herself, the dog and the final beep beep of the cooker alarm. She rose to her unsteady feet and put it behind her before taking the tray out the oven and looking at them. They were perfect and now she made the topping, singing more of her own songs to herself.
"Nice to meet you." Timothy smiled as Wanda began a conversation with Rosie. Sammy gave a shy smile before himself and Atlas exchanged a look.
"Hello, love," Sherlock grinned before he put her down. "You don't like it." He said to John, his face falling. "It'll grow back, I promise, it'll grow back."
"Good," Rosie replied before she put Jeff on top of his head before removing him. "Papa, can you do my hair like an elf?"
"I'm no good at formalities either." Sherlock replied still messaging on his phone and Atlas took that as yes, she could. She shuffled closer to Sherlock leaning her head against his shoulder which surprised him. Her mind suddenly became flooded with images of the strangled girl, the trafficked girl and she couldn't get them out of there head. Her throat clogged up and she felt a tear fall from her eye but she swiftly brushed it away. Another one fell and she hastily removed it before not being able to keep up.
"Do you seriously think I didn't think of that?" Sherlock asked. "Two of the guys who help out around here are going to come over and give us a hand when we're ready. But there's quite a bit more yet."
"She's up looking at the landing." Sally said from where she was helping Greg carry in some bar stools ready for the breakfast bar to be fitted later that afternoon.
"Atlas," Sammy whispered looking at her gently before pulling her to his chest. "I'll kick their asses."
"Of course you can." Sherlock smiled at her before looking at the colour. "Now, I need your help again."
ATLAS woke early, earlier than everyone else. For once Sherlock was sleeping so she slid off the bed and out the door, grabbing a glass of water from the kitchen. She stood infront of the sink.
"Okay." Quentin said before he got to his feet and went out to the ambulance to get a stretcher for Atlas.
John slowly stirred, sitting up slowly on his elbows. He saw Sherlock hunched over on the bed, head in hands. The light from outside flicked through the window and around the room, illuminating them slightly. Carefully John sat up and rubbed a large hand up and down his back.
"Can I-Will you?" Atlas asked and although it wasn't an actual question he knew what she was asking and got to his feet, toed off his shoes and hopped under the covers. She put her head against his shoulder and an arm over his stomach. "Dad?"
"We do not need wine." Timothy sighed as they watched Mycroft head in the direction of the alcohol stalls. Sherlock shared a look with John, both of them sighing. Deciding that John should maybe tell Timothy that they were engaged before they announced it to their family this evening.
John got up and stood behind Sherlock’s chair. He let his hands fall to Sherlock’s shoulders. He was thinner now, bones pressed up tight against skin.
“Two weeks after Therrien told his lawyer this story, Diorio was killed in a fight with another inmate. His lawyer expected that no one would believe Therrien, especially since Diorio was dead, so he never went to the police. I’m sorry, Kate.”
We do our “shopping” at what used to be Tesco on South Street – we trade the Hobart sisters some magazines for petrol and six bottles of homemade beer – and get back to the cottage before dark. If Sherlock is still seeing halos – sorry, parhelions – he’s not saying.
The waitress set a new glass of whisky in front of John. He quirked one eyebrow. “People don’t change.”
“Yes.  His former cellmate – Paul Diorio – had boasted to Therrien that he’d killed a girl and gotten away with it.”
“Yeah, good morning to you.” John smiled and poked Sherlock’s stomach. “You’re crushing me, though.”
Sherlock learned later that these were fairy tales. That nothing was ever that simple. That heroes were neither completely happy, nor entirely good. He learned that the fight was never fair, that the line between good and good enough shifted and blurred as the years went by.
She found his blog again and scrolled down to the last entry she’d read about the Baskerville case. She wandered around the blog, reading about their other cases (not quite convinced the stories were entirely factual), until she got to the one about John’s wedding.
There was a link to the wedding photos. The pictures all looked they were shot on the set of a cozy romantic comedy – the kind that usually starred Colin Firth and Kate Winslet. The ladies wore large hats and for some odd reason John and Sherlock were dressed identically.
“Oh come on Sherlock. It’s just human nature. People only do really crazy things for two reasons. Love and hate. Love being the primary motivation for most things, until it turns to hate, right?”
“And I said no. Christ, Sherlock, it’s going to be hard enough as it is without you writing down every bloody thing she does.” John thought for a moment he’d made a huge mistake. Raising a child with Sherlock – within fifty feet of Sherlock – was probably not a smart idea. And then he looked at Sherlock’s face. He was smiling. Smirking, really.
Sherlock could hear the excitement in Lestrade’s voice. There was no way he was getting off the phone very soon.
“Don’t answer that,” Sherlock interrupted. “I need to be in my chair for this. I can’t possibly deduce anything from this couch.” Sherlock extended a hand and waited for John to help him up. “Kate, get one of the kitchen chairs and bring it in here.” He was enjoying this a little too much. How much morphine had John given him?
An hour later, the sandwich half-eaten, the coffee gone cold, she knew the basics. Where he was born (an unpronounceable town in Denmark), went to school (Cambridge), the first newspapers he bought – a small regional broadsheet based in Bristol, and less than a year later, the struggling
“No. Not this time. I’m sick of everyone explaining why they had to lie to me.” He grabbed his coat from the hook by the door. “I can’t stay here,” John said without looking at him.
“—A local fellow will pick you up at Heathrow and take you to see him. I don’t remember his name, Le-something or other. Sounds French. A DI at New Scotland Yard.”
“Sherlock, did you see this?” John asked as Sherlock came into the kitchen. He was sitting at the kitchen table eating tomato soup and toast and reading the news on his laptop.
She took the two pictures from her bag. One of Anna, one of Mary. She’d printed them out that morning at the hotel’s business centre. The quality wasn’t great, but they’d serve her purpose. She handed them to him and waited for his reaction.
Sutton swallowed but didn’t break his stare. “The man responsible for my son’s death. The world is a very small place, indeed.”
I can’t tell yet which Sherlock Holmes this is. It’s a fair bet I’ll either be out on the street or arse up over the coffee table in a matter of minutes. I choose caution. It’s cold out.
“God, I know I’m about to sound like Mrs. Hudson, so tell me to shut up if you like. But one thing at a time. He’s home. Worry about Mary and the rest of it tomorrow.”
She sat up suddenly. The group was The Pretenders. The playlist was The Pretender. Singular. She powered up the phone again and found the playlist. Still password protected. Of course it was.
. Secondary schools should stick to Shakespeare and Andrew Lloyd Webber. The experience put me off theatre for years.
She was standing in front of a vending machine, trying to decide whether she should risk her life on either the egg or cheese sandwich when John finally appeared. “I wouldn’t. But on the plus side, you’re already in A&E.”
“He called it a dance once. What he and I did. I was so sure of myself, so fucking arrogant, that I let him lead. It was the only thing that mattered. But it didn’t matter. And then it was too late. For me. For us.”
Sherlock walked past John to the door and looked through the peephole. “You’re not getting in until you stop all that noise.”
Mrs. Hudson shook her head and gathered teacups from the tables. “Less sugar than your American donuts, dear. I used to buy them by the dozen in Florida, lovely and sticky . . . gained a stone once over a long weekend.”
Mycroft smiled. “Ah, so this is what faith looks like. It doesn’t suit you.”  He turned to leave. “Do let me know how it all turns out.”
I was right about most of it. There are still some details to work out but the basic facts are these: six months ago, Fiona Miller, the over-educated, under-employed assistant to the Shipton Building Society controller , approached the  Major Economic Crimes Unit and told them she suspected that Washburn was setting up dummy corporations and then approving mortgages for them. MECU was working with Fiona to build a solid case before arresting Washburn. Two months ago, Fiona auditioned for a local production of
Sherlock drew his legs up into the pain, moaning and twisting sideways in the chair. He held one hand against his mouth, coughing, his other arm wrapped tightly around his chest. “No hospital,” Sherlock gasped. “I can’t –”
John wished he felt as sure. Usually, when Sherlock proclaimed something, no matter how preposterous, John could be sure it was a fact. Or that Sherlock would make it a fact. This time, though – when he could actually feel his body shutting down –
Later they showered and went back to bed. John untangled the sheets and tugged them over them, and they fell asleep like that. When Sherlock woke a few hours later, John was looking at him in the dim light, gazing down at him like he was something new, like a gift he never expected.
The wind shifted and he wound his scarf a little tighter. Truth was, he was jealous of the dog, running as hard and as fast as he wanted, investigating every scent that piqued his interest. Those days were behind Sherlock, it had been years since he ran anywhere. Even walking was difficult now. Until last winter, he’d always managed the two mile hike to the village, carrying home the week’s provisions in a worn carrier bag. But in February, he fell on ice he never saw and broke his left ankle. Three hours in surgery, then three months in a wheelchair. He almost went mad from the boredom of it. Now he drove to the village in the ancient Bentley that Mycroft had thrust upon him when he moved here.
Missing Chloe had made her a romantic. She’d be embarrassed to say any of that out loud. But everyone deserved a happily ever after. John and Sherlock. Even Mycroft, if Greg was the one. She planned to propose to Chloe the weekend after she flew home – they’d drive out to Montebello, stay at the bed and breakfast Chloe liked so much. She’d fill the room with candles and cover the bedspread with rose petals like she saw on
When he finally returned, it was too late. John busted his lip, bloodied his nose, and introduced him to his fiancée. “He’s moved on,” Mycroft had told him. “He’s happy now.” Sherlock spent the next few months finding his place in this new configuration. He started to believe Gidleigh Park had all been a dream.
She was starving. She opened the fridge and weighed her choices. A few slices of dried cheddar, some eggs, three samosas from Taj Mahal, a jar of something liquid and suspiciously yellow, two brownies on a chipped saucer. “My special recipe. Brought it back from America,” Mrs. Hudson had explained. It had only taken a few bites for Kate to realise what was so special about them. She picked one up, reconsidered, and put it back on the saucer. She couldn’t get buzzed on an empty stomach.
“What if someone wants you to prove you’re as good as John writes you?” It made as much sense as anything else that had happened in the last twelve hours.
John was smiling at him, looking truly, deeply, happy and Sherlock thought it had been a lifetime since he’d seen John look quite like this. The tightness in his chest broke off and floated away.
“I always know what you are going to say. I’m just not always sure you will say it.” Sherlock stepped closer. He reached for the pin that had held the rose and pulled it out of John’s lapel.
John closed his eyes and opened his mouth, sucking the thumb onto his tongue. Sherlock sighed and John put his hands on Sherlock’s waist. Moved a hand around to his hip, noting somewhere in his mind that Sherlock’s hips were bone on bone.
The time he broke his ankle stepping off a kerb. When he ate a pound of water beetles (chocolate-covered, but still) because Sherlock bet him fifty pounds he couldn’t. Mary Morstan.  March 10, 2014.
John turned back from the window. “Sherlock, answer Kate – are you okay?” He walked over and laid a hand on Sherlock’s forehead.
John took the tea cups out of Sherlock’s hands and set them on the kitchen counter. He turned back and pointed to Sherlock’s chair. “Sit.”
His father put down his newspaper and lifted him onto his lap. John leaned his head back against the worn flannel of his father’s shirt. “She was very sick. The kind of sick that the doctors don’t know how to fix.”
John sank into the chair. He unfolded the crumpled paper and tried to focus on the words. He added blurred vision to his catalogue of symptoms.
He scrolled through them until he found the one he was looking for. Sherlock standing alone by the baptismal font, hands in both pockets, dark curls falling over his forehead, looking into the camera, smiling. John had taken it because it was the first time in days that Sherlock had been completely still. He’d been manic for weeks, solving every case that landed at his feet, searching for patterns, convinced Moriarty was still playing him. John knew Sherlock was using again but he knew better than to confront him. He left that to Mycroft.
Then Sherlock dropped to his knees in front of him and ran his hand over the front of John’s trousers and reached for the zipper. John bit his lip hard to stifle a moan. “Fuck, don’t stop.”
Sherlock’s cigarette was half gone when he stopped in mid-drag. He turned to Greg, handed him the lit cigarette and reached for his scarf.
He ran down to Speedy’s, picked up a plate of lasagna and three beers. He ate quickly and sat back in his chair, files on his lap. No, this was definitely not about Mary. This was about a girl called Sarah . . .
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I am concerned by your situation, John, not incapacitated. There is a panto of some sort this evening. The boy will be there with his mother.”
John refilled his glass and set the bottle on the floor. “To do with a case, he said. Not Mary, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
John nodded and carried the plates to the kitchen. His phone vibrated as he walked back to the table. He picked it up and swiped his thumb across the screen. He blinked and stared.  When he finally spoke, his voice was a low growl.
“You paid?” I don’t know what I am more surprised at. He paid, or he went to the door, or he just snaked a samosas out of the bag and popped it whole into his mouth.
Somewhere far away, he remembered they probably shouldn’t do this. Not on Sherlock’s first night home. He resolved to lie as quietly as possible which worked until Sherlock replaced his hands with his lips and the heat of Sherlock’s mouth on his cock sent him somewhere where he couldn’t remember anything. He felt Sherlock’s hands move up his chest, fingering his nipples and when Sherlock sucked harder and faster, he heard his own ragged moans as he came with a gasp.
It was the sound of the rain that woke him. He glanced at his phone – 10:15 – and guessed they were approaching York.  A little more than halfway.  Sometimes he felt as though he would always be a little more than halfway from where he wanted to be.  He heard Harry’s voice in his head, “Get over yourself, you big baby.” She was equal parts cheerleader and doomsayer.
All Sherlock could do, after poring over every file in every room of his mind palace, was whisper, “Hi John.”
John stood in the doorway, trying to get his breath, trying to ignore the fire raging in his abdomen. He straightened and walked carefully to the sofa.  He lay down and scrubbed both hands across his face. Maybe he should’ve stayed in hospital, bloody lot of good he was doing here. Sherlock’s phone vibrated on the floor beside him and he leaned over to pick it up. Sherlock motioned for him to hand it over but John shook his head. “It’s Lestrade,” he mouthed and answered it.
Mrs. Hudson poured a bit more whiskey into her own teacup. “Well, when you’ve seen what I’ve seen . . .”
“Oh, Johnny.” Her eyes filled and she hugged him, crying softly against his shoulder. “I’m not going soft,” she insisted between sobs, “I’m hormonal.”
She got as far as the door before she turned and headed back to the kitchen. She wrapped one of the brownies in a napkin and dropped it into her coat pocket. Nothing wrong with a little dessert.
The apartment is tiny and reminds me of the bedsits I lived in during my training at Barts. It’s clean and freshly (if inexpertly) painted. A galley kitchen, the colour of ripe bananas, opens onto a lounge furnished in what are clearly thrift store finds. An old velveteen couch, a faded floral armchair, a battered coffee table. No TV. No laptop. Two baskets filled with travel books. A drooping African violet on the small kitchen table. Heavy blackout drapes at the windows.
Two months later, he found a job with regular hours at a clinic in Holborn, and two weeks after that, a small furnished flat nearby. It was newish, the walls painted a boring beige, the furniture straight out of an IKEA advert.
“I am well within my right to defend myself in my own home. Seems a waste, though – shooting one of the world’s great intellects right between the eyes . . .”
He heard the sound of ice clinking and liquid splashing and opened his eyes to Sherlock standing above him holding out a tumbler of amber liquid. “I expect you need this.”
“Don’t worry. John is quite safe. He’ll wake up with a headache and no memory of the weekend. We’ve found this particular compound to be quite effective.”
“No, it’s fine. You should stay. You can have the room upstairs. I’ll stay with Sherlock.” His face coloured. “To keep an eye on him.”
I know this has been a long time coming...I can only blame Christmas and holidays and real life for interfering.
“Everyone has a choice. Mary had a choice. You had a choice. And you chose to lie. Over and over and over again.” John walked into the living room and turned around. “Even when you came back, you didn’t . . .” His breath came in short painful gasps. “You let me
When Sherlock didn’t answer, Molly said, “Not really. We’re continuing to narrow down the possibilities. We can only say what it isn’t.”
Kate sat on the couch, legs crossed under her, sipping her third Diet Pepsi of the afternoon, rereading a case file she’d found stuck under a cushion. To say the arrival of Sherlock and John had made her presence superfluous was an understatement.
Sherlock stood. “No. John knows nothing. Nothing. He has no idea why he is going to die a horrible, unnecessary, wasted death in less than twelve hours.” He began to pace the room. Greg stayed still in the chair. He knew better than to interrupt.
websiteunder the headline, “Local man charged in child pornography scandal.” It was dated two weeks before Griffiths’ suicide. The paper was one of Magnussen’s.
According to Google, the drive from London to Dartmoor was about four hours. He and Sherlock had chosen the train last time and picked up a hired car at the station.
She had the sinking feeling she was about to be sent back to the hotel. But then Mrs. Hudson came in with a tray of tea and cookies and she understood that he was trying to make up his mind. “You might as well have tea. Then we’ll see,” he said. “Greg, you want tea?”
John leaned over him, took the cigarette from his mouth and rested it in the ashtray. “Let’s go back to bed. We have time.” He kissed him and pulled him up from the chair.  “I’ll order you breakfast after,” John promised.
She knew she’d only have a few tries to come up with the correct password before it locked her out. She started with the obvious. M-A-R-Y. Nothing happened. Sherlock was too clever for that. But she guessed he was a fan of hiding in plain sight. She crossed her fingers and tried again. A-G-R-A.
I stand. One, because I am truly hungry and if I don’t order some food, this is going to turn into a toss over the coffee table and not in a good way. And two, because I know he’s baiting me and I need room to think.
“—to do. We located Fiona Miller for her. She is lolling about on a beach in Portugal sipping strawberry daiquiris and reading romance novels. Once you inform not-Charlotte of this happy news, we’re done. On to the next case.”
Greg pulled his phone from his pocket, tapped on the screen to show her a text. “I got this during dinner.”
Two hours later, he was standing across the street from the staff entrance at Barts. He leaned against the stone wall of the car park, smoking a cigarette and checking his phone. At six, Molly walked out, buttoning up her jacket, an oversize purse slung over her shoulder. No sign of Moriarty. She walked to the bus stop, checked her watch, then looked down the street to see if the bus was coming.
After the fog cleared, John ran his hand down Sherlock’s chest, making a half-hearted attempt to find his cock, but Sherlock swatted John’s hand away. Instead, he snugged in beside John, his head in the curve of John’s neck and whispered the words that they both needed to hear. John absently ran his fingers down Sherlock’s back and listened, letting the timbre in Sherlock’s voice fill in the remaining cracks in his resolve until he fell into a heavy, dreamless sleep.
Sutton struggled to push Sherlock away and brought his left hand above the desk. Sherlock saw the gun, a 9 mm Walther, and let go of Sutton’s collar. He stepped back from the desk.
He looked up again and saw Mary standing by the window. Her back was turned but her hands were moving, pointing left and then right. She leaned against the window sill and a figure – a man, taller and broader than John – moved in front of her. His hands came up and for a short, stupid minute John thought the man meant to attack her, but then he put his hands on Mary`s shoulders and they turned and he watched as the man pulled her into a kiss and let one hand drop, his open palm pressed against Mary`s stomach. Casually, like he’d done it a hundred times before.
Sherlock’s phone vibrated again. She looked at the text and frowned. It was from a blocked number. The message was cryptic at best
John gripped his cane tighter as the man stalked closer and closer. At this distance John could make out the handsome features of his face, a broad nose, defined cheekbones and high forehead. He was at once strong and delicate.
This took way longer than I expected. I started out wanting to write a simple outsider POV of Sherlock and John after he was shot. And it just grew (and grew) from there.
Sitting there watching Sherlock’s hands, lightheaded from the poison and his own frightened thoughts, he tried not to think about how those hands had felt buried in his hair, fingers  twisting, pulling him close  . . .
She watched him drive away and tried to fight off the sinking feeling that she was in way over her head.
John grabbed Sherlock by both shoulders. “Molly. She said all heroin is the same. But in London, it’s different. But Vic Bellamy’s was the same. The same as mine.”
Sherlock took John’s hand and pulled it close to his chest. John struggled, but Sherlock held on. John gave a token shove and dropped his head against Sherlock’s chest.
“Nevertheless, my arse.” He looked over at Sherlock. “I’ve been poisoned and the best you lot can come up with is Tommy Pearce?”
Banks set John down gently so that he was sitting on the floor leaning against the door frame. He walked around them to Sutton, leaned down, felt his neck, and turned to Sherlock, shaking his head.
I cup my hand around his neck and pull him back down. “She’s someone who wants to find Fiona but doesn’t want to leave a trail.”
He looked at her and tried to guess what had piqued her interest. “You’re awfully chatty today, Dr. Thompson. Two questions and we’re barely twenty minutes in. That’s one more than the last three sessions combined.”
“I’m not staying with him. I’m staying at his flat.” And should he really be the one lecturing her on compromising objectivity? “And it’s only for a day or two, Greg.” Kate leaned in the car window. “Until we get the rest of this mess figured out and I can go home.”
He looked confused. “Why does everyone keep asking me that? Why would I be? You’re the best thing that ever happened to her.” He hugged her quickly in case she needed proof. “I’m looking forward to tomorrow.”
"I know this is difficult for you all, but can we maybe give us some room to work?" The male ambulance man asked and they all moved away, Sammy taking Rosie to his and Atlas' room, beckoning for the dog to follow.
The next room, was a little room with not a huge amount of space, but that was most likely due to yet another en-suite.
"No," John sighed as he looked at Atlas who's head was still moving. "I don't know, the only person who'll truly know is your patient. But she's never mentioned it."
"Whatever it was over, I'm sure it can't be that bad." Mrs Hudson said, pushing the mince around her plate a little before scooping it and eating. She gave her Mrs Hudson smile, that seemed to warm Atlas through.
"I learnt it." Atlas replied. "Now if you'll excuse me I believe the timer I set up for an experiment in my bedroom is about to go off in approximately eight seconds." Swiftly she exited the room leaving the three men alone.
"I missed you too." Sammy smiled, taking her hands into his own and looking at her. "I brought my guitar
"The bomb disposal are here." Lestrade said as the team entered Atlas' room, she just wanted it to all be over. She just wanted it to end, she'd had it strapped to her chest for quite sometime now and she kept worrying that the countdown would suddenly start again. Standing in the centre of the room they began to set to work removing each section of the vest piece by piece. One hour later the vest was removed and the bomb disposal left the room. The clock read nearly midnight and Atlas sighed as she heard Sherlock send the bomb disposal men on their way along with Greg.
"Wow." He said quickly before exchanging a look with him. Atlas and him began to walk towards his house, him taking the lead. Of course, Atlas may be smart but she wasn't clever to figure out where people lived and If she were? She certainly wouldn't make a habit of it.
"No, it's alright. I have to use the bathroom yet." He replied, Atlas nodding once. She leaned back against Sherlock, looking at the book.
"Yes. I don't know why, but she always has. She probably picked it up somewhere at nursery or in a book." Sherlock said quietly, before looking over to Atlas who smiled, nodding as she understood.
"I studied the map of London, then one day while in a taxi noticed the discrepancy, went searching. Learnt that this is private land, but I did some stuff to help out the outdoor school who owns it and they said I could use it for dog walking. They were caught up in some white collar crime against them." Atlas explained, as if it was the most normal thing in the entire world. Whatever "normal " is. To the unit of four, this was normal. Some discovery and a high speed explanation was satisfactory on keeping them occupied. So far, Atlas much more preferred Timothy and Wanda over Jo and John Sr.
"Ah," He said softly. "I can't always tell if your reading, dissociating, mind palacing, having a seizure or are about to faint."
When Sherlock finally made his way through the door, tea being made by John. Some vegetable curry by the smell of it. Sammy and Atlas were laying the table and putting out the drinks, Rosie helping John add in the final few spices. She was stood on a chair, looking into the pot, John's hand resting lightly on the little girl's back.
"Your dad just texted to say look outside," John said before himself and Atlas got to their feet and went out the back door onto the patio. The cold, late autumn air nipped at their skin as they turned their heads and there, on the horizon was a hint of green.
Atlas looked away and everything was too familiar again. The smell, the words and the sound. The thunder and lightning that echoed and cast light across the room.
"Yes. But I was gifted him." Sherlock said. "A friend donated him to me as a present. Something about me liking biology."
"She's a talent," Ruth smiled before the door went again and there was the sound of laughter, boots and the padding of dog paws.
"Yes, visiting. That's what I just said." Sherlock said getting frustrated before lifting up the tape and mentioning for Atlas and John to go under, before he himself went under.
"Riff." Rosie said quietly, looking up at Sammy who gave her a little smile. The boy had been informed of Rosie's unusual speaking habits and that he should not be alarmed if she did not speak. More so if the family had conversation with her and she didn't seem to speak. His eyes went wide before settling and she looked at him directly. "Do you have a riff?"
"So, we could head to the library?" Sammy said, polishing off the mocha he had ordered. Just then, Atlas' phone pinged and she pulled it out of her pocket.
"Oh Sherlock." John whispered very quietly, pulling his chair closer and slipping an arm round his shoulder. Sherlock looked at him afraid, and then it was there. The electricity he felt everytime he saw John, thought about kissing him or any romantic affection. Little did he know, John was eager to reciprocate yet Sherlock looked away before either could make any semblance of a move.
"No," Sherlock said to her sternly but she glared at him. "We've been out for hours." He said coming around the edge of the bench. "And you need some fresh air, so, come on. We'll come back to it later."
"I love you too." Timothy smiled, rubbing her cheek before sitting in a seat. A moment later and Harry appeared, with her mum close on her heels.
"What do you observe?" Sherlock asked looking over to Atlas who seemed to have some more confidence instilled in her.
"It's quite heavy." Atlas remarked as they lifted it through into the spare room and squeezed it onto the floor. Atlas went off to get a sheet and helped fit it to the spare mattress. Together, they put a duvet on the spare mattress and towels out before they made their way downstairs to make up the soup.
"Oh Sherlock." John said round the lump that was growing in his throat. "I love you too. Are you alright? Has everything been alright?"
"I just...I did...I said something so cruel, dad." Atlas said, she sat up so as go properly face her father. She now sat crossed legged in the middle of the bed, she looked at him foggy eyed. In the doorway to the bathroom, John remained still, not wanting to disrupt Atlas or let her know he was listening. Always quick at changing, using the loo and brushing his teeth was an advantage and part of him wished he'd taken longer. But he didn't want to prolong the needed conversation. "I didn't - I don't." She sobbed her chest tightening, Sherlock putting a reassuring hand to her shoulder. Her breaths came short, her vision sent blurred and John kept holding on at the door. "I can't -" Pause, ragged breaths. "I can't believe I let that happen to Rosie, I can't believe I shot her, I can't believe-" Another strangled cry later, and John left the doorway. He made his way round the bed to sit at Sherlock's feet, near to where Atlas shook. Her hands clawed around her eyes as she continued to sob.
BEFORE them the police tape was stripped across and Atlas ducked underneath. Lestrade and Atlas shared a look before he led the way to the body. It was expected that heads would be turned as a
"She's not. What's wrong?" Sherlock asked as John could be seen putting a hand to the back of his neck.
"I am trying," Atlas complained as her right hand began to shake ever so slightly. A tremor so small that when her other hand began to also shake, no-one noticed. Or at least, no-one noticed until she removed her hands from her head and she looked at her dad. "I want to stop."
"Don't worry about it," Sherlock said. "I know that that sentence doesn't help, believe me I know. But we don't care, nor does Sam or Rosie. We're your family. We'll always be here."
"That doesn't help." John said, chuckling as he looked over to Rosie. "Was it the white haired scotsman?"
"My mum's sister. If I'd been a boy, I'd have had Robert somewhere in my name," Atlas grinned before she looked at John and leaned back against him.
ATLAS walked into the living room the next morning after paying a quick visit to the library, to see Mycroft sitting in one of the sofa chairs with Eurus, Rosie, John, Timothy and Wanda all dotted about elsewhere. She then also noticed Mrs Hudson and she walked in slowly before standing by Mycroft.
"Wh-what?" Atlas stuttered then she began to cry. "No...no...no we...no...papa's supposed to be...no..."
"My dad died in a car accident, straight off the M1 into the traffic below. Multi-car pile up. Wrecks for metres," Sammy said quietly. "I was...at home. I'd fallen out with him the day before over something or another. I'd said he wasn't my dad because in truth he was my step dad. And then he died, on impact. Fast forward a few months and my sister is told she's got end stage leukemia and dies in Manchester miles from home and I hold her, whilst my mum drinks and drinks and drinks and once Georgia goes I get the next train home to see Atlas in hospital. And Sherlock and John go to Norway, and Atlas is back in hospital and I think she's dying. But she's not obviously. And I go to school, the last time I was there, and my mum shoots herself in a hotel by the River Irvine. I'm not there, I'm here. And I stay with Atlas and then my Aunt, she tries to take custody of me. But Sherlock doesn't let that happen. And John makes pizza."
"It's just a recent thing. It's a fake case that Mycroft made up," Atlas said just as said Uncle appeared and took a seat opposite her at the table.
"Now," John said entering into the lobby. "I have been informed by Atlas I have to ask you. Would you like to sleep on a spare bed in Atlas' room? Or would you like the spare bedroom?"
"Samuel Alexander Walters. People call me Sam or Sammy." He said before Atlas took it and smiled. That was a good starting point considering She'd read nearly everything she could off this boy.
"I do," John smiled back. "I'll get Sherlock in to pack it for her, she could be out until tommorow morning."
"I think I'm afraid." John finished before just looking at her. "Your afraid that the medication not working means something serious." He looked at her before Atlas nodded, sniffing before hugging John again.
"If you and Papi get married." Rosie said quietly. "Will Jo and John Senior be invited?" She asked tentatively.
WHEN she woke up, she was greeted with the smiley face of Mrs Hudson who was holding her right hand in hers. Atlas gave Mrs Hudson's hand a gentle squeeze before opening her eyes and smiling.
"Its what I want." John admitted, lying on his side as Sherlock wriggled forward - his cold feet intertwining with John's fluffy ones. He lay his cheek near John's chest and breathed in sharply. "And I love you, Sherlock. You don't have to be scared of it not lasting because I want it to last. As long as you do to, it
"Better?" She asked looking at him. Sherlock studying it, already knowing he was going to give a nod anyways.
"You are, darling. You can do it. It's a long way. But we have to try." John said smiling as he held Atlas face between his hands. "Because me and dad, we're not ready either. But you have to keep fighting the poison."
"You. It's clear since I met you last night that you don't do emotion's or physical contact. But for some reason you do kids. Something is not adding up Sherlock Holmes." Atlas smirked as she looked at the man opposite her. She'd only known him properly (excluding the first seven years of her life, but that was a story for another day) for just over twelve hours yet she felt like she had known him for years. That's the thing with having the gift. You can trust too easily, too quickly.
"Yep." Atlas said before continuing. "But the one that says 'new formula' because the old formula makes our heads and faces itch."
"What is it? What hurts?" John asked before Atlas sat back down on the concrete and leaned against the wall.
"Don't worry. I won't mention it. Not my place." Leanne reassured before Sammy finally appeared. He wore an eccentric set of clothing and makeup that looked like a makeup artist had done it.
"Here is a present for you. I hope you enjoy. It took me some time to paint and get it right, but I really hope you like this painting. Eurus kiss kiss." Sherlock read aloud before they looked at the painting.
"Atlas." She said presenting a hand to the man before he took it. She shook it lightly while reading the man and she began to curse herself.
"Yes. I suppose I do." Mrs Hudson said. Atlas cursed herself for launching the table into uncomfortable silence.
"I do! Papa! I'm excited!" Rosie exclaimed, rolling off of John's chest onto the bed next to him. John turned onto his side, elbow keeping him up. Hand on his head.
"No you don't." Atlas replied sharply, coming out of the bedroom. "Come in. They're not going to bite you." She scowled at Sherlock who looked back at her, with the Holmes smirk.
"No, listen to me," Atlas said. "You didn't kill your son. You didn't. Everything in his life killed him."
MRS HUDSON and Atlas and Rosie decorated the tree with baubles after Sherlock had managed to get the lights on. Sherlock, however, was stood in the kitchen by the sink, watching a teabag create swirls of brown down the plug hole.
"Why don't we have a happy medium?" Sherlock mumbled, John tilting his head to one side. "We get married at the registry office with Rosie and Atlas."
"Uhh yes. At the very beginning. With the verses." Sammy replied, before Rosie clapped her hands together.
"Oh. Hey." John said as he entered the living room sitting down in his chair opposite Atlas who was sitting in Sherlock's. Atlas remained hidden behind her book as she frowned behind the book. Sherlock came in and frowned as he observed his kid.
"Okay." Sherlock replied stroking over her hair. Before exchanging a look with Wanda. Children had the best minds and if Rosie didnt like John's parents then that worried him. He knew his partner would want them at their wedding - John being a traditional man - but would Rosie's dislike win over?
"Yes please Uncle Myc," Rosie giggled as he made his way down the stairs and the rest followed excluding Eurus and Sammy.
"I heard that." Sherlock whispered, his eyes opening slowly as he looked at his mother and John. Wanda entered the room and sat by Sherlock's feet, John taking up residence in the bedside chair.
"I do." Atlas said as they continued onwards. The walk was about four miles in total but Atlas wasn't going to tell her that. The rest of the walk to the cliffs was filled with stopping to look at bugs and asking lots of questions.
"Thank you." Atlas laughed. "For doing this even though I know it's out of the lengths you should go for the people who come through the court."
"No but's," John scolded, glaring at her. "No but's, alright? Since when did it matter if people did or didn't like you?"
"Okay," Sammy whispered before he walked into the older man's embrace after handing Rosie Jeff back. "You and Sherlock are my dads too you know."
"You shouldn't worry about your grey hairs." Rosie smiled, John turning to look at them - or rather Sherlock's back. "I like grey haired people the most...except for Uncle Mycroft, Aunty Eurus, Redbeard, Nana Hudson, Molly and Andrew." Pause she looked thoughtful. "Atlas! I love Atlas. And I like Sammy too." Another pause. "I like everyone."
"Just Atlas was telling me about the time she first met John Senior and I'm worried that the rest of your family won't like me because I'm so openly gay and fully plan on taking makeup," Sammy said quickly before John put a hand to his shoulder gently.
"Tommorow." John replied before coming round the table and pouring what remained of some tea down the sink before washing the mug out.
"Money. We're millionaires in Dubai, in fact we probably all are and work. My mum's PR work is pulling her over and my dad has found a position as a crisis doctor in Iraq and will split his time." Aba sighed.
"I need some air." John said getting up and collecting his jacket. Atlas peered over her book and looked at Sherlock as if to say, go with him. Sherlock moved Rosie off his knee and he got up and went with him.
"Yeah, I'll speak to my mum, thank you," Xerxes signed before John nodded and left. "Your dad's didn't have to learn sign language for me."
"You know." Wanda supplied as she entered the kitchen. "If your struggling to get back all in one day, you can always stop off at ours on the way back." John turned around to look at the woman, who appeared to be very serious about the question. "I haven't asked Mycroft and Eurus yet, but I suspect they'll want to get away - you know what Myc is like." Wanda sighed looking over to her son, who smiled in return.
Atlas shut off her phone and looked up to meet Sammy smiling. She rolled her eyes before finishing her drink and looking at him straight.
"It's just, Ida would have had to have consumed a hell of a lot of alcohol." Mycroft introduced as well and Sherlock nodded.
"I know," Atlas sighed as she took them both and frowned. "They all help each other but the seizure medication didn't help the tremors." She paused. "It's funny how long it takes for people to be diagnosed. I was diagnosed quickly in comparison to a lot of cases."
"No." Sherlock replied quietly. "I'm really sorry." However, when John patted the empty space on the log next to him, Sherlock came down and sat next to him. His knee bouncing anxiously.
"Alright. I'll...I'll try." Sherlock replied as he looked at her. Her eyebrows raised and she nodded knowing that it was the best she was going to get.
Redbeard wagged his tail as Rosie sat back down next to him to draw another picture. When she finished that one she gave it to John leaning against his knee, smiling up at him.
"It's not her first." Sherlock replied, refusing to look at his siblings or parents. Only looking at John, who placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. "Atlas experiences Non Epileptic Seizures. Difficult to diagnose as many people with NES will be diagnosed with straight up epilepsy. NES occurs when people get exceptionally anxious or stressed or any number of things. When she was little, it primarily happened when she was overwhelmed or..." Sherlock dropped his head and his voice. "when she had a sensory overload."
"But you can have so many shortenings of it. And Samuel isn't particularly common," John said with a smile. "Not as boring as John."
"Where do you think those cookies came from at Christmas?" Atlas asked laughing, seeing that Eurus seemed to be smiling in return. They were nearly finished and it would very nearly be ready to enter the fridge and sit there a while.
"Because...I...am...autistic," Sherlock said quietly, looking John in the eyes. "I have asperger's. I'm autistic, there, are you happy? Was that satisfactory?" John opened his mouth to speak but shut it again. "Good." Sherlock brushed past his husband and left the older man with a salty taste in his mouth.
"If ever there was a room that fitted our girl, this is it." John smiled looking up at Sherlock, wrapping an arm round his waist and kissing his cheek.
"Do you feel alright?" John asked quietly, his profession of a doctor proving to be rather handy. It was the only way he managed to persuade them to let Atlas come home, through promises from John to look after her.
"Alright. Okay. It's okay. We're here." Sherlock muttered as she slumped against him, John reaching out to take her hand. He stroked the back of it gently as she closed her eyes against Sherlock.
Atlas just sighed rolled away from her dad and lay on her back and putting her hands to her eyes. Then she sat up and looked over to her dads.
ON board the van was a variety of different items to best decorate their new home. Amongst the jumble of items were the bed, the bookcase, a few boxes of sheet music, a child's bed that had been his own and would now hopefully be Rosie's, his grandfather George's violin, his grandmother Josie's standing clock, the train set his grandfather William had made him before his death and some other bits and pieces of furniture. There were other, smaller mementos too such as a first edition of 'Wuthering Heights' past through his family, the set of letters past between his grandmother Olive and grandfather George during one of the many wars - he couldn't remember specifically which and the watering can used by the Holmes family in tradition when they planted the first new seed in the garden of a home.
Earlier in the week Atlas had ordered a dog collar that was dark blue - note that it was infact the colour of Sherlock's scarf. In specific request she asked for it to come with a metal tag that had 'redbeard' engraved on it with who to call and where to find his owners. It was also around this time that Mycroft revealed that the dog was infact a large one and very similar to the one Sherlock had fantasised about having all his life.
"Alright?" Sherlock asked her. "Atlas, look at me. Are you alright?" His hands were clamped either side of her face.
"Oh, okay, well, that's okay then," Atlas said with a small smile which then dropped. "The spinal tap bloody hurt."
"I'm here, love," John said, coming over to her and kneeling infront of her, hands on her knees, rubbing with his thumb. "Just breathe."
"That's a good idea," Wanda smiled. "He'll like that. Now, my darling, I forgot to mention that I've already sewn a load of patches on my end. So you'll have, how many?"
"I know." Sherlock whispered before he sniffed against John's hair and inhaled the smell of strawberry shampoo. "I'm sorry."
"No-one's asked for your signature yet." Atlas stated plainly, knowing that if she didn't state it soon Sherlock would have likely tried to guess it anyway. Smiling goofily Sherlock faked a laugh before his eyes caught sight of something else. Atlas turned around and ended up coming face to face with Inspector Lestrade.
"It's okay papa." Atlas said as she rubbed the side of her nose against his shoulder. "It's just a bit shit, it's all just a bit shit."
"Just sit here." John said guiding his mother to on of the kitchen table seats, Sherlock following his lead with Harry, who's black eye was really starting to show.
"Hello?" Atlas asked, throatily, checking to see if anyone was in the house - despite her deductions telling her that there was no-one. "Please. Don't let me be alone." Starting to sit up, she felt her body give up and she lay back down against the cool flooring.
"About three," Atlas laughed before leaning over to hug the dog. Sherlock's hand went to Atlas' hair and he rubbed her head gently. "Thank you."
"The coast. There's a path here that we might see dolphins or seals along." She said as she looked at her father then down at Redbeard. They began to walk on the beach section of the path.
"I'll go get you some water." Sherlock said, disappearing into the bathroom and collecting the glass that was beside the sink. He came back in and handed the glass over, Atlas taking a few small, initial sips. Carefully, Sherlock took it from her and placed it on the table.
"It's alright Rosie. I'm fine." Sherlock said to Rosie as she calmed down slightly. Her protestations decreasing.
she saw him. She heard him giggling away with Rosie and engaging in casual conversation with Sammy. She wanted to scream at him. Hit him, punch him but she kept her cool, walked into the living room, saw him and made a turn for the lab. She didn't want to speak to him yet and besides, it wasn't as if he had even noticed her walk in.
"Thank you," Sherlock smiled as she left and he was looking down at his baby. This now grown up person who meant everything to him, who wasn't really his baby anymore. "My duck."
"And I won't let that happen to you again," John said as he heard Sherlock sob. "No more of that, okay? I'm here now and we,
"Of course I know that you git." John said before sitting forward and seeing Sherlock's glossy blue eyes.
"I want a hug," Rosie whispered before she leaned forward and rested her cheek against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her protectively as he had done so, so many times in his life from the day she was born.
"Just breathe." Sherlock whispered as he rubbed at her shoulder. "Just...breathe. That's good. Good."
"Papa," Atlas tried before she undid her seat belt and her pelvis began to tremor. Both legs were going wild.
"Yeah, I know love," Sherlock said as he looked at her momentarily. Atlas however, didn't reply and instead her gaze and attention was focused on her phone.
"Cloud Atlas or The Book Thief." Atlas replied with determination. "Not only does one of the titles have my name in it but they are both good. The Book Thief is heartwarming however Cloud Atlas is incredibly philosophical."
you doing?" John asked on Friday night as Atlas stood infront of where he was sat on the two seater sofa infront of the TV. He looked at her with a tilted head as he awaited her reply, lifting a hot mug of tea to his lips. Jo and Harry were sharing the other sofa whilst Sherlock and Rosie were sat together on one of the chairs off to the side.
"Try not to ask him questions and pray to God my pa gets up soon." Atlas said into Sammy's ear, before starting off for her bedroom, not even having to tell Sherlock what she was off to do.
"Pink's ew," Rosie whispered before John smiled and removed the coat from her shoulders and exchanged it for a yellow one.
"John." Mycroft said as he entered the kitchen, his face painted with concern. "Something's going on with Atlas." John looked at him confused before his face flickered in realisation and he put down the tea towel he picked up. Then he followed Mycroft through to the living room where Atlas was sat looking straight ahead, her eyes devoid of emotion. She'd been reading with Rosie, who had since gotten up and moved away from Atlas just in case. Rosie had been warned about these moments that Atlas experienced.
"I love you too, Sherl," John whispered. "You've had a hard day too though and I'm here if you need anything."
"Do you want me to just sit with you?" John asked Atlas, who gave a little smile and with her left hand reached out and grabbed his hand. She continued for scribble and John did his very best to not intrude. He rubbed her hand with her thumb before she did the Sherlockian nose crumple, then decided that it was evidently enough lyric writing for one day and put the book to one side.
She placed it firmly against the woman's stomach. Something inside her burned in anger and she looked at the woman. The gun pressed her sternum and Atlas felt her hand shake. Yet, she knew she had to do it. She always knew who the instigator was. The cycle would repeat and in the moment she felt sorry for Mr Peterson who'd been manipulated, yet it was only a brief thought. He still did it.
"Good job," John smiled as he looked at the blue almost purple coat. "We need walking boots too, but we're going to go to 'Blacks' around the corner."
"What's up sweetheart?" John asked, throwing his tea towel over his shoulder and resting his elbows on the bar.
"No, they do," Jo smiled. "They're going to love you. And your going to love them. Rosie is absolutely adorable, Sammy is charming and kind and Atlas is hilarious and so, so smart."
"Sleeping at home. With Mrs Hudson in the house." John replied putting a hand out to her head. He pushed her hair out of her face.
"Yeah, I suppose," John whispered before he smiled at her, his fingers grasping around her wrist. "Your heart rate is slowing."
"Right," Atlas signed. "Xerxes, you and me are going to start work on the batter whilst May, Sammy and Rosie can start looking out colourings, icing and other things. Baking cases too."
"I like it in here." Sammy said after he's sipped a little bit of his coffee and bitten into a Danish. Atlas was eating a croissant and sipping coffee too when he asked. She'd given him some money to buy his coffee, he'd come without any change.
"Your her dad John. She doesn't care about all that. You've seen her birth certificate, you know her birthday, her flaws, her favourite food. Your my husband, your allowed to picture her as a little girl." Sherlock assured as he smiled into John's hand. "You even talk to her about things I find positively boring. And your here...and won't leave when your supposed to."
"Thank you, Sherlock, for making me smile," John said quietly leaning back against Sherlock, his hair kissed by the cupids bow and he smiled. The reflection smiling back.
"Let me go!" Atlas screamed. "Let me go. No, no." Now she felt her limbs go weak and she felt numb. Her protestations grew less and less as the person who was holding her let go and she crawled into the corner of the room.
ATLAS had been staying with John and Sherlock for a few days when she saw another dead body. This time she had to do the same thing, only she managed to get there faster. Her mind was racing as she approached the side of the second body, her stomach lurching at the sight.
Sighing, he turned on the ignition for the car and waved as he said goodbye to his family and went off home. Rosie and Atlas had already said they were out this afternoon with Sammy so he comfortably made his way to the clinic.
"I love you too, Sherlock," John smiled as he leaned forward and pulled the younger man to his chest as he began to cry.
"Okay." John soothed as he rubbed her back and he pulled his chair out. Getting to his feet he went upstairs and Atlas followed on.
"Well thank you," John said putting his head on Sherlock's shoulder, Sherlock's arm going around him.
"Morning." Sherlock said - almost always being the first one up - walking in with his shirt and trousers.
"Is caught up in traffic, I'm afraid I'm all you've got," Sherlock smiled and she smiled back, squeezing her hands around his arms and whining at the pain.
"What will we do if he looses his memory again?" Atlas asked as John closed his arms around her. He rubbed her back.
"I'm sorry." Atlas said, confused about what she had just said to her. "Your not the only one it would seem."
"You good?" John asked quietly, Atlas looked at him. There was fear in her eyes. "Do you want to go to your bedroom for a little while?" She looked at him before nodding, she didn't want to be fussed, that could make her feel even worse. "Alright. We'll call you for tea."
"Atlas said that you needed a chat, Sam," John said before more tears were shed as Sammy held his face in his hands.
"Do you... Would you... I don't suppose?" Sherlock began. "You'd I don't know... marry me?" He was nervous, his head hung, hands clammy and lingering in his lap. John laughed before realising he had just hurt his partners feelings.
Atlas didn't know why but she found herself crawling towards her body and applying pressure to the wound.
John lifted Rosie up and Sherlock collected the car keys. Atlas stayed sitting where she was, disappointed gazes hanging in the air.
"And I'd make it so good for you too. And then I'd probably twist your neck." He said again, running a finger over her stitched again. He pushed with his index finger making Atlas gasp in pain. "Then do it all over again while your body was still warm." He grabbed her arm.
"Dad just swears a lot." Rosie giggled as Sherlock shot her a look. Rosie laughed and hugged his legs, her light brown/golden hair swinging behind her. "Love you though dad."
"It makes it easier for you and dad's work and for my...well...yeah, it's just easier,"  Atlas grinned, looking up at him. "Your not fat."
"We'll do it how you want." John said kindly. "To be honest with you, I wouldn't be surprised if we wanted the same thing."
"I'm on my period. Just started and I've got cramps." She laughed before it died and she looked at the interesting floor. "You know, instead of both looking like confused puppy's you could've asked. I'd tell you. You could've asked the last few times aswell."
"Cases with Greg." Atlas covered smoothly, or she thought smoothly before she saw John's cogs working away in his brain.
"Atlas. The least you deserve is a proper bed tonight." John smiled. "That and I can keep an eye on you. Your not looking too great."
As they neared a river Rosie and Wanda walked forward, ahead of Sherlock and Atlas. Sherlock had let Redbeard off the lead and he was now running with Rosie and playing in the river.
"I think the first thing we need to do is move her into the recovery position." Quentin said to Jen, over Atlas's shoulder.
"Yeah." Mycroft smiled. "Okay. I've got people working on it, including Lestrade and Miss Hooper, although I tried to persuade her that she needn't worry." There was a pause. "She can be remarkably persuasive."
"You've cut it. Will you let me have a look?" He asked gently as she nodded turning the other cheek to look at Sherlock again.
Apologies in advance. All these chapters are pre-written meaning this was written over the christmas period.
"It's not." John said as Atlas looked on the front cover and when realsation hit her face she couldn't quite open it fast enough. "I think that the process took longer between you and me than it did between Sherlock and Rosie. Mycroft did try to get it sorted quicker but we have a date."
"Yes, but, well, I want to be prepared," John said before he left the music landing and disappeared into his bedroom. And Atlas gave Sherlock a look as if to say
"Of course you should think about Atlas, John, don't be silly," Sammy scolded entering with a smirk. "I worry about her too, all the time."
"No shit Sherlock." He looked at his partner, before up at the screen of his daughter. "It's a murder mystery." John said, finally, the silence filling the gap. "You have to go to her." Sherlock sighed before looking back at John who was already heading for the door that would lead to Atlas.
"No, no I know that Sherlock's there." Timothy said, smiling. "But I'd say your pretty even split to being there for her. She looks at you the same way as she looks at Sherlock. She loves you."
"I know it doesn't, but do you want me to stop saying it?" Sherlock asked with a content little laugh that lit up only the back if his throat. He didn't want to stop saying it. He wanted to provide comfort to her in everyway possible.
"Sort of. That and I didn't want to end up with dad all day." Atlas laughed, John joining her as he pulled a packet of just-add-water porridge from the cupboard. Her face screwed up as he poured hot water from the kettle into the porridge.
"Yeah," Rosie said before climbing off his lap and pulling him by his hand. Latching onto Eurus at the same time and leading her through and out the room.
"Alright, I'll leave you be." Dr Aduba said before leaving the room and heading straight for the family room. He knocked before entering to see Sherlock and John sitting in different sections of the room, momentarily looking to the door.
"Rosie's hungry and Atlas brought food so we're sitting at the picnic bench and having something to eat." John said before he himself exited the car before opening the door for Rosie.
"You'll put me to sleep, John," Sherlock sighed, putting his head back against the older man's legs. "Thank you, though."
"Last year. Stroke. Then dementia, death comes to us all," Gordon frowned before Atlas smiled gently at him. "Anyway, introduce me!" He turned around and offered a hand to Sammy who was hanging in the doorway
"Your walking Red in the morning." Sherlock reminded and she shot a did-you-have-to? look at him. Then she remembered she might get paid and made her way to bed.
"If I could just get a-" Sherlock said but she pressed the barrel of the gun harder into his temple. "Okay, okay."
"What if I can't play dad?" Atlas asked looking up at him then over to where he had already taken his violin out and prepared to resin up his bow.
Sherlock opened the boot and the dog jumped in, wagging his tail excitedly. "Right, come on then." Sherlock smiled before hopping into the passenger seat, the rest of the family following and hopping in. Pulling off the drive, John put on the radio and they all watched the city pass them by.
"Okay, I may have done something." Sherlock admitted, looking at his partner in crime softly. John looked at him expectantly, awaiting explanation. "Like, tell Atlas that I would talk to you about schooling." John sighed slowly before looking over to Sherlock.
"Well done chef Rosie." Wanda applauded, the rest of them smiling and laughing with her. Then unexpectedly the young girl reached up to give a hug to Wanda, who took it. Then they all took the plates with the dish on, Rosie acting as a waitress.
"That's actually a better sign than I was predicting. Your seizure was approximately fifty minutes ago, so your capability to walk is definitely better than I was expecting. You'll still need to complete quite rigorous therapy and wear the oxygen mask from time to time when you are finding it difficult to breathe, but it looks like things might just be on the up. You've still got quite a long road, however, you can now use the toilet. So when you need to go, press the button, a nurse will come through with a wheelchair." Doctor Aduba smiled, unmoving from his spot. "I'll be by later on this afternoon."
"I think I'm going to be sick," Atlas whispered before John grabbed a hold of the basin and shoved it against her. There was a pause before John grabbed a hair bobble and tied her hair with poor practice - it was normally Sherlock's occupation. Dr Aduba came in to the room and looked at her before she threw up into the basin again and again and again and again. Her eyelids beginning to shut as she tried to stay awake.
"You guys shouldn't be so worried to talk about things like that with me." Atlas said, looking at Sherlock who was to her left and John who was opposite her. "I know its normally the responsibility of the mother but like...I don't have one. Me and Rosie, we need you guys to talk to us about those things. It's not awkward. I don't care. So long as you try."
"Rosie, Ro, I know it's scary but you need to be quiet. Atlas needs you to be quiet," Sherlock whispered as John sat on the floor next to Atlas. "Shh, shh." Sherlock whispered before he sat down on the floor near John.
"Never," Sherlock smiled as she looked up at him before kissing his cheek and resting her head back down on his shoulder. "You know, your technically my miracle baby. One of the earliest born babies I have ever known. Maybe
"Yeah. She is that." John smiled, thinking about every single thing she did every day that made her so wise and so clever. Way beyond her sixteen years. "Sammy's nice too. He came at a time when I think Atlas really needed a friend."
"I'm fine. Thank you Mycroft." Atlas replied, everyone in the room giving immediate agreeable relapse. It was strange to see Sherlock in this light but it didn't seem to catch the attention of John and Mrs Hudson who knew that Sherlock only showed emotion and physical contact to those he really cared about. Sherlock placed a hand to his brother's shoulder, squeezing it before removing his hand.
"Mummy loves me best." Sherlock said quietly to him at one side, Mycroft giving him a look. Wanda rolling her eyes as she looked between them. What were her two boys like sometimes? Secretly she loved them all in their own unique way.
"Me and...people...don't exactly get along." Atlas explained, hoping to persuade them another way but it clearly wasn't going to work.
"I mean it's got to be good." Sammy said as he began to fast pace his way to the door while Atlas hung back. Her hands were placed firmly on Rosie's back. Just as he approached the door he stopped and looked back. "It's got to be good right?"
"Can we chat first papa?" Atlas asked as she looked up at him. He gave a little nod before looking at her.
Atlas stopped what she was doing and looked up, her eyes met those of her grandparents and she smiled before lifting a tray with a teapot, milk, sugar and an assortment of cups into the living room. She placed it on the desk before turning around where she was standing to meet eyes with her grandparents.
"You know what I miss." Atlas sighed, there was an expectant quiet before Atlas spoke again. "Walnuts."
John was sitting at the table watching his sister and mother when his mother's phone rang. As she went to pick it up, John suggested she put it on speaker considering it was his father.
"No." Sammy said, taking her hands into his. "I love you so much that this hurts like no other pain. I'm doing this because I love you and because you need time to think about you. I know about the alcohol...and I know about the men and...well...everything else." He frowned.
"Dad," Atlas whispered looking at him. And he knew that look, the fear in her eyes that seemed to come off her in waves. A fear that Sherlock hadn't seen in years.
"Oh, car accident." He replied quickly. "Five days ago. On impact." His head dipped between his shoulders and Atlas looked at him.
"Now, Atlas," Sherlock smiled. "On our way home we got some houmous, carrot sticks, fruit and..." Sherlock said, tilting his head and fumbling in the bag for something. "Walnuts!" He exclaimed brandishing the bad and handing them over to her.
"I...I know this..." Sherlock said as he picked up the instrument, turning it over several times in his hands.
"Thank you for understanding, My." Atlas smiled before Mycroft smiled back at her, before farrowing his brows.
John gave a little smile before resting his temple against Sherlock's shoulder. Atlas' eyes began to close and soon enough she entered a gentle sleep.
"You should go aswell, Sherlock," John insisted, looking up at him. "Take your tea and get some sleep. Let your brain heal a little."
"It's moments like these that I realise Sherlock isn't the arrogant arse he always makes out to be." John laughed, Wanda giving the same smile.
"She just looked a little pale, but stop worrying yourself. I'll keep a good eye on her, I promise." Wanda smiled at him.
"Bloody hell. This is alot." Atlas said as she put her hands to her knees and hung her head, taking a deep breath.
"Oh Sherlock." Mycroft said quietly, deciding whether to walk over and comfort him like his ice man heart was furiously begging him to do or as his head was demanding him to ignore.
"Yeah." Sherlock whispered, John lying a hand on his chest "I'm scared it's never going to happen, scared this isnt what you want. Scared that all this is not going to last." His momentary babble stilled before he drew a long breath. "I'm
"They told me," Atlas frowned as she looked over to where her parents were seated on the sofa. Climbing out of bed, she pulled her blue blanket around herself, sighed, before plonking herself down between them.
"Oh." Georgia said before hopping onto a chair and Leanne sat next to her. John sat down in his office chair and spun around to pull up the official results.
"Have you ever had a shaking attack before? Not a seizure, but a moment where all your limbs are shaking." Dr Young asked.
"She didn't mean it," Sherlock said again. "I used to say that about Mary-Anne and I held onto her and I tried to fix her..."
"Atlas." John said quietly, a hand reaching to her shoulder but never making contact. It lingered a thoughtful moment before dropping back to his side.
THE storm did arrive, and sure enough, Sherlock watched it eagerly from the window, his face lit by passing lightning. Rosie had jumped up and sat on the bay windowsill, watching how the rain battered the windows, the wind made the house groan and sing.
"I love you guys." Atlas sobbed before falling against John's chest, Sherlock joining up to make it a group hug.
"Exactly, anything you loose, I loose...Anything I loose you loose. And I'm not going to let us loose anything." John said, his hands holding Sherlock's face. "Just relax."
"It's alright," Someone was soothing. "Calm down, Sherlock. It's okay." There was darkness when he opened his eyes. "It's alright. I've got you. I'm here now. I've got you. It's okay."  The person didn't touch him, but he could seen them sitting there. Short and smelling of tea and biscuits a-
"Better than us." Sherlock announced. "I don't know how or why but she can tell things from pictures and photos, even if partially obscured. Even you find that difficult Mycroft."
"A little, yeah," Atlas whispered as he moved onto the joints in her thumb, rubbing with an expert hand. "Mycroft."
WHEN she woke next, it was to the sound of clattering in the kitchen and people moving around. John was moving underneath her, hand on her back reassuring.
"I'm also here to tell you about travel arrangements tommorow." Atlas explained, Mycroft assuming the current state of affairs. Atlas removed her hat, gloves and jacket and hung them on the rack before taking Mrs Hudson's.
"Medication," Dr Khris said after some time. "We're going to have some new medication for her I think. And I've had a few ideas as to a groups of types we can use to seriously reduce the amount she experiences. And mixes we can try."
"Soon Atlas, but not yet. Your still unwell. Your temp keeps spiking and every three or so days you require an oxygen mask." Dr Aduba frowned, Atlas looked to her lap.
"No." Atlas sobbed as she retracted from Mycroft's offer, tucked her legs beneath her, put her hands back over her ears and began to rock. "He'll be mad at me. He'll be so mad at me. No. Please."
Hands crumpled, body unconcious on the floor head back, arched back. Damien, luckily, had just paid a visit to the loo and being a pediatrician, was beside her in moments.
The bell rang and with ferocity the year began to collect their things as there was a round of applause for John. It wasn't so much that Atlas was embarrassed that her own dad had given her
"Yes. On the eve of one of our birthdays we sit together to...well..." John said as Atlas leaned against Sherlock's shoulder, looking at the photo he had just tried to show her. "Talk, mostly."
"Atlas!" Rosie said as she fell over, scratching her hand. She looked at the older girl who paused and thought about what she should do next. Her instincts however were overpowering and she made her way over to where the girl was on her knees beginning to cry.
"I'll answer it," She said stubbornly, her feet carrying her to the door. Whoever it was must be soaked by now and desperate at the same time.
"I know it's difficult sweetheart." John said before he huffed out a sigh and looked over to where his mum was smiling sadly at him and Harriet was gazing towards the TV.
Sherlock removed his coat and his blazer and put a shirted arm onto the pillow above Atlas' head as she turned onto her side. Then, with gentle fingers in her hair, she wriggled to the edge of the bed and reached out a hand to take John's.
"Thanks," Atlas smiled as Sherlock moved away and stood up. Atlas slowly stood up and gripped onto John's hand as he got up aswell.
"I don't want to go without her," Sammy said. "Because people are already trying to ask me about my mum or my dad or Georgia or about Atlas and I don't want to go because Atlas would tell them off if she was there and it would make it easier, but she's not so it's harder." He said without raising his head.
"Detention. With me after school. You may leave now." Mrs Pertwee said, Atlas getting to her feet and leaving her room. The hallway was packed with school children and Atlas navigated her way to her next class. And John watched from afar.
Slowly and cautiously, so as to not disturb them, she made her way down the stairs that led to the lobby. Then, she stood and watched them all singing to a song that sounded like My Interpretation by MIKA. She smiled to herself as she watched Sherlock tilt his head back and sing, only to receive a hug round his middle and peck on his cheek from John.
"It's because of everything," Atlas whispered. "My dad knows everything and I trust him and I love him and I just...it's easy. We don't have to speak and I just need to know he's there. Somedays, sometimes, that's all I need." She looked up now at the three women. "He's all I had for a very long time and I don't want to loose him again and somedays I need to be with him and somedays I can be on the other side of London. It hasn't got a pattern."
"Is she-" Dr Khris said. "Mr Watson-Holmes, I need you to step out. I need a crash cart in here now!"
"Yeah!" Rosie squealed from beside Atlas, kicking her legs against the seat. Within Angelo's, you could get little booster seats - similar to those you can utilise when you visit some cinema's - to help them reach the table. Rosie's was bright yellow and had dinosaurs on it that looked like Jeff who was sitting on the table by her orange juice.
"Okay." Atlas said quietly before sagging against John's grip. He gently laid her down to lie before pulling up a seat and holding her hand, squeezing it gently. Sammy came to sit by him and rested his head against John's shoulder. "Sammy."
"I should have told papa the truth," Atlas whispered, her hands shaking in her lap as her dad kissed her temple. "Does he get it, dad? When you have these days does papa understand?"
"Why can't I?" Atlas asked her own mind taking different pathways to analyse the situation as best as possible.
"Company sounds nice. If that's okay with you? Your already doing so much for me." Sammy smiled, the twinkle in his eyes not there.
Atlas recalled before taking Rosie's hand and watching as John was taken down the stairs, Sherlock following in quick pursuit.
They all made their way into the living space of the room and sat down, Atlas sitting next to Harry.
"Did you just call me love?" Atlas asked, somewhat smiling goofily as they arrived at some traffic lights. Sherlock tapping a weird rythmn on the steering wheel.
"William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes!" Wanda exclaimed. "You should have told me you liked a beard, I'd have known who to hook you up with all those years!"
"Just breathe," Sherlock said. "It's alright, the police officer was very nice. Alright?" Atlas nodded. "Would you like any fruit?" Atlas shook her head and sniffed again as John looked at her in the rear view mirror.
"I do remember. You were the man who never insulted her intelligence," Sherlock smiled. "And for that I am grateful."
"I don't..." John said, pausing as his throat became choked up. "I don't think I do." Sherlock looked up at him with his maddening blue eyes before smiling lightly, John returning the smile.
"What's up Ro?" Sherlock said pulling away to look the girl in her eyes. They shined back at him before darting around in search for her dinosaur, Jeff. Upon seeing it, she picked it up and cuddled it between herself and Sherlock. Suddenly a padding could be heard as Redbeard nudged the door open and came to the side of the bed.
"SO we're here to give you a little update on your treatment." Dr Young said, coming in with Dr Aduba in tow who effectively countered Dr Young's terseness. Atlas wriggled to a seated position. "So, while FND has people who recover and there are some success stories, we think that for you, we are best to approach your diagnosis from the view of management. As we believe you are at an increased chance of going through a relapse more than just a few times. We also do not want to rush." She paused. "We want to continue to put you though some strengthening therapy for your leg muscles. And we want you to have regular sessions with a mental therapist."
