Sam took a shaken breath, his heart weighed down, still heavy with guilt. He wanted to make things better, though Dean was stubborn, and nothing Sam could say would change that. “Maybe when you get back we could watch a movie,” Sam suggested, “we could rent Star Trek, or something with cowboys!”
“Yah with the mean green man, and the baby puppy,” Jack babbled. “And the man sneaks into the houses, and takes Christmas!”
Without another word Dean let the officer lead him out the door, down an empty hall and into another room, two doors over. It was just as empty as the last containing nothing but a table in the center with a chair on either side.
There’d been one time, years before, that he'd woken, hungover,  on Lee’s couch to Lee and his at the time girlfriend fighting. It had been about her being pregnant, one of them had wanted to keep the baby, while the other hadn't. Dean hadn’t been able to tell who was on what side, there was only screaming, a mix of swears and insults, only broken by the occasional thrown object.
“Sir we’re going to have to further investigate your bags could you and your family please follow me”
She shoved her pencils back into their case, then closed her binder before pushing the desk chair back in a loud screech that definitely scratched the wood floors. She’d apologize for that later, for now she needed to be away. Away from Cas, and away from fucking Dean. Away from the pretend.
From the corner of his eye Dean can see Cas’s hurt expression drop, his head tilting to the side as a crease forms between his eyebrows. “You’re breaking up with me because we wear different shirts?”
“Good,” Lee continued. “I was thinking we'd invite some people here, have a few drinks, a few lines, music, strippers.”
For a moment he considered reaching out to the other. Resting a hand on his shoulder, or pulling him into a hug, though for some reason he didn’t think that would help.
"Hey Bobby," Dean whispered. Slowly he reached his arms down and picked up the small bundle of blue; staring down at the small baby with absolute adoration. He could barely breath as he stared, not wanting to look anywhere else, nor thinking he could. The baby was so small in Dean's with his eyes shut, his nose scrunched. He was the cutest thing Dean has ever seen.
Sam took the money, glancing at it, then Dean, then back to the money, with his mouth a gap. "Really?"
Dean took another step, squeezing his eyes shut at the sudden twist in his stomach. He wasn’t going to throw up, he was too exhausted to. Only able to feel the depression that always came after cocaine's high euphoria.
It wasn’t until they pulled up to Cas’s house that Dean finally looked to the other, his gaze darting across Cas’s features, casted in shadows, though still very much visible. His sharp jawline, long hair that fell to his mid back, and blue eyes. Eyes Dean  had spent hours looking at, studying, admiring, falling for.
“Yeah!” Jack cried, pushing the elephant into Cas’s arms. He then raised the giraffe, “tis one for,” Jack began explaining, “for papa.”
He grit his teeth, as Ellie continued her glare, “Yes you do!” Dean cried back, he pointed the hairbrush at his niece, giving her a glare. “Now let me pull your fudgin’ hair back”
Dean grinned as he followed Cas out of the apartment, and into the silent hallway, only their low breaths herd. Dean watched as Cas went to his door, pulling his key out and unlocking it. It was stupid to have walked Cas out, he lived next door, but Dean wasn’t ready to say goodbye, atleast not yet. He wanted to be around for longer, hear Cas’s voice, his laugh. See his smile, the scrunch of his nose, and sparkle of his eye. Just one more conversation, one more minute together, one more chance to stare into his eyes.
“Sam,” Dean screamed. He wasn’t sure if he was sobbing, his body alive with adrenaline numbing everything out. Coursing through his veins, ringing through ears, taking away whatever air had once filled his lungs. “Sam!”
“We’re leaving,” was the only thing he could muster through his boiling anger, as he dragged Sam behind him. He knew he was being rough, Sam hadn’t done anything, though he needed out of the gym, away from Meg, away from Cas, away from the whole fucking situation.
Claire pressed her lips together, her gaze darting over her grandfather's features which sat in an unreadable expression, though definitely not a pleased one. “You don’t like him?” She finally decided.
His hand stayed firmly locked with the other’s until they reached the impala, when he turned to look at Cas. His gaze darting from Castiel’s face and down his body, the suit jacket he wore baggy, making him seem smaller than he actually was.
Cas could only give a small nod of his head. He pressed his lips in a tight line as he watched Dean listen to whoever was on the other side of the call. The grin across Dean's face only growing wider.
He wasn’t the boy John had expected, and the connection that was supposed to be so easy, seemed almost impossible.
After Cas had left the living room, Dean made his way to the couch, Lee’s eyes on him the whole time. He took a seat in the center of the couch, propping his feet on the coffee table. “Are you spending the night?” Dean asked Lee, bringing the bottle back to his lips.
Dean brought the glass cup to his lips, taking a drink of the gin he’d bought from the nearby liquor store. The alcohol burned down his throat in the best, most needed way possible, though it still wasn’t enough to calm the adrenaline that had come from driving. “Isn’t the other one Tom?”
Dean’s lips spread into a grin though before he could reply, Jack had lent away a wide grin immediately spreading across the child’s face. “That one!” Jack practically screeched a hand raised pointing to the right. Dean’s gaze quickly went to the tree Jack pointed to, a large pine that stood at least double Dean’s height, causing him to crane his neck to even get a glimpse of the top.
Even when he stood to the side of the stage, waiting for the performer before him to finish, the dread continued.
With out another word he turned and made his way through the quiet coffee shop, heart hammering in his chest, the palms of his hands still clammy with sweat.
“Dean,” Crowley said. Dean turned his head, his gaze meeting the others. For a moment Crowley didn’t continue, instead letting the silence sit around them, only disturbed by the soft gusts of wind that chilled Dean’s cheeks. “It's good so see you clean.”
A scream immediately ripped through his throat, as a nurse shifted his bloody leg, the skin shredded, torn apart from the back fire of a bomb. "Cut it off!" Dean screamed not caring that they were in the midst of a battle, only able to focus on the pain. The pain. He couldn't breathe, no matter how many times he gasped. "Fuckin cut itg off."
“And what about you?” Dean asked, Claire raising her eyebrow as he looked towards her, “got any weird interests?”
Dean was worried that one day he would be left with nothing but a broken heart for memories, and the feeling of sorrow to wash it out.
Fun and games, that’s all it was to Dean, that’s all they were to Dean. And that’s all it should have been to Cas.
Dean shoved his hands into his pocket, eyes darting across the other’s features that sat in a teasing way. A smirk across his face, eyebrows raised, as if something was incredibly funny that Dean couldn’t quite figure out. “He’s also gay,” Lee hummened, smile only growing as Dean’s face dropped.
How much more was still in his clothing at his own home. How many pockets had forgotten bags, and unused needles. Suitcases, flannels, jeans. He had meant to clean, to find anything he may have laying around, but between Cas, Jack, and being busy at the studio, he hadn't found the time.
Dean took a deep breath, the cold air filling the lungs. “Cas,” he turned at the same time the other looked up. “I- It’s gettin’ late, I should probably get goin’”
“Dean?” His heart stopped, eyes immediately looking up to Crowley, who’d stopped at the front door, one hand around the handle.“Is everything alright?”
This ended up being much longer then I had originally expected and it isn’t even that good but oh well???
Cassie pressed her lips together. “you really love him,” she said and Dean could only nod. ‘Cause he wasn’t good with words, he could barely describe his feelings to himself, never mind someone else. All he knew was he loved Cas with every beat of his heart, with every breath he took, with everything he could offer and couldn’t.
She squeezed her eyes shut, listening to the steady breathing of her dad, his hand rubbing small circles on her back as the tears slipped down her cheeks, rolling slower than before. It would hurt him, her fight with Dean, he wanted everything okay and Claire was making it anything but that.
Cas didn’t move, expression now emotionless, blank, though still there was an unease to his eyes. “I know.”
Dean nodded, pressing his lips together as he glanced across the bar they were sat in. It wasn’t too busy, with music playing above and the low chatter of people echoing against the wall, despite that things couldn’t have been quieter, the awkward silence between them thick.
Cas’s head immediately shot up, his blue eyes wide. He glanced between Donna and Dean before finally resting on Jack. “He needs to come with me.”
“No!” The man quickly cried. “I think the one you have is perfect, and even after hearing it three times I think your speech is also perfect. Now shall I ring you up?”
He’d been practising throughout the drive, the reasonings of why he should get Jack for Christmas, yet now, they all seemed blurred. A mix of thoughts that didn’t make much sense even to him.
“Oh shut up.” A smile spread across Dean’s face as the disgust was clear in Sam’s words. “I meant, why- what about Logan.”
Dean’s gaze once again locked on his gloves as Jack leant against his side, fast asleep. His own face was frozen, numb from the cold wind that had picked up after they cut down the first tree, similar to his toes, though not his fingers. They stayed warm, wrapped in the layers of frantic that made up the gloves.
Cas stared back for another moment before looking back down to his project, Dean's gaze staying on him for a moment.
Dean steers the car to the side of the road, jaw clenched as Baby comes to a stop. His foot is pressed to the gas, teeth grinding as that doesn't work, the keys are then twisted off and on, twice without any success. The whole time Cas’s stare burns against the side of Dean’s head only making the fire in his chest hotter.
“He’s coming home with his neck scratched to catch flack. Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched,” Dean rapped, the words he’d memorized falling easily. He could feel the adrenaline rising as he continued to sing, the odd noise still ringing through his head. “On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict. And she just wants to exact revenge and get back. It’s a chess match, she’s on his back like a jacket
Cas frowned, tilting his head slightly, the way he always did when he was confused. The look Dean thought was so cute, that made him want to lean in and press his lips against the other’s, see if he could kiss away that confused look. “Pardon?”
“Yes,” Crowley continued, voice never faltering, which Dean, though never would tell the other, found incredibly impressive and incredibly terrifying. “Anything else!”
The word had always felt perfect across Dean’s tongue when describing how he felt under cocaine's influence. The way it flowed off his tongue, beautiful, perfect, like blood dripping across gold. He felt euphoric, untouchable. As if he held the world in his hands.
They were best friends. They loved each other, even if the very first ground rule Dean had placed was no feelings, they weren't to be more than friends with benefits.
“You see this?” He finally mustered out, getting a small nod in response. “This is bad, this is very, very bad,”  Dean’s voice shook. He took a deep breath. “You do not want this, you don’t... it is a fucking disaster.”
She looked up, meeting his gaze. Dean had a smile across his face, one that wasn’t completely easy, more cautious as if he was trying to bargain for her trust.
Hand in hand, Dean dragged his brother behind as he attempted to put as much distance between them and the school as possible, before the cops would come. Don't get the cops involved, that had been one of the two things his dad had always asked of him. Do anything as long as the cops don't get involved, and yet Dean had failed the most simple of tasks.
“Morning,” Dean finally hummened. He sat up himself, letting the blanket fall from his chest and to his waist.
It wasn’t going bad, Sam was in fact proud of himself as he mixed the ingredients, a beige coloured dough beginning to form. Things were actually going well, that was until the bag of flour burst into flames.
Dean glanced back to his brother, as Sam let out a dramatic groan. If it weren’t for the dim lightning of the gym, Dean was sure Sam’s face would have been a bright red. “You were so cute, with your little top hat. You even had a magician name, what was it?”
Sam’s gaze went back to his friends, specifically Jason. One of his ears were pierced the black stud clear against his blond hair, would Dean let him get one probably not. Dean would probably kill him for even thinking about it.
“What?” Sams said, he stopped in the middle of the hallway and gave Dean another confused look. “You're taking Cathy shopping? Isn't she kinda old? Even for you?”
“AND THEN, THERE WAS A FUCKING RING IN HIS CHAMPAGNE!” Dean screamed, “WHAT SON OF A BITCH PROPOSES IN CHAMPAGNE?”
“Bee,” Cas hummed softly, looking back to Jack as Dean took a seat next to him. “Are you going to open your presents now?”
The moment Dean looked up his eyes fell to the woman before him, at first her face, only seconds later his gaze dropped to her chest, and then across the rest of her body. Her pale skin covered only by a white lacy lingerie, causing her bright red hair to stand out even further.  “Are you Dean Winchester?”
After pouring out the paint and grabbing a  brush he turned on his phone's music, singing along as he dipped the brush in and began painting over his white walls. “Living easy, living free. Season ticket on a one-way ride. Asking nothing, leave me be. Taking everything in my stride.”  Dean sang along, bobbing his head to the beat of the Highway to Hell.
Sam pressed one of the stoves buttons getting a high pitched beep in response. After another button responded in the same way, Sam decided to instead twist each of the four knobs on.
"Okay," The disappointment in Sam's voice was clear though Dean chose to ignore it, there was nothing he could do about it.
He took another breath before stepping back to the door, pressing his ear to the wood. He couldn’t hear much, just low muffled talking, a blur of words that Dean couldn’t make out. At least there wasn’t any screaming, no sounds of things being thrown, or the fight increasing past talking.
It was just past five pm when Dean stood in the kitchen behind Ellie. The young girl was sat on the kitchen table facing Dean, the fake fairy wings she’d worn now resting next to her.  “I don’t want to!” She cried, giving Dean the hardest glare she could muster. Causing her lips to pucker out, it would’ve been almost cute if Dean hadn't been so frustrated.
Shakingly Dean pushed himself from the bathroom floor, grabbing the bag of cocaine which he shoved back into his pocket. He gave himself once last glance into the mirror before he pulled his sunglasses on and walked out of the bathroom, and through the apartment.
He glanced across the counter, before his eyes landed on the stove, preheat the oven. Now how does he do that? It couldn’t be that hard he’d seen Dean do it over, and over, just twist one of the nobs, or did he press the buttons?
The kitchen fell in silence, only broken by Dean's shallow breath as he watched the ceiling. It was the same kind of silence that came late at night when Dean was alone in his house, regretting his most recent hookup, or to hangover to make it up his staircase. Instead the living room couch having to do. How could Sam handle it, the apartment's silence, the cold feeling as if Jess' ghost still wandered around.
“I love you too,” Dean whispers back, a small smile tugging at his lips as he flips the light switch.
“Whatever helps you sleep at night.” Before Dean could reply, Sam’s attention was quickly brought to Ellie who pulled at his sleeve, begging for a turn on the machine, which Sam agreed to. Dean watched as the game began, both kids absolutely awful as they attempted to shoot at the deer.
There was a pause, Dean greeted by nothing by a shallow breath, followed by his brother's small voice. “Dean.”
That was all that passed before Dean stood, and without hesitation through a right hook. His fist colliding with the side of Azazel's face.
As he brought the cloth along Dean’s upper back, he felt the other’s breath hitch, his hand immediately freezing. “Me, and Lee-” Dean whispered, his voice not wavering for a second. Completely neutral. “We got careless.”
It wasn’t until he’d stepped out of the car and onto the streets that he felt somewhat normal. The cold winter air, burning against his cheeks, grounding him to the present.
“Dean,” they pulled away, a smile across his face. He’d missed Benny, his closest friend following Lee, “How has New York been treating you?”
Castiel took Dean's hand in his own, running his thumb across Dean's knuckles. For a second Dean could forget his worries, the panic of Charlie's almost six week early labour, the sudden declaration for a c-section. Most importantly the dread in his stomach that something would go wrong.
“Everytime I leave him alone, it- He-” Cas’s eyes squeezed shut, a shaken breath parting his lips before they fluttered open again. “Im scared when I come back he’ll be gone.”
His right arm was wrapped around her. The skin a raw red, some places covered in bandages though most were left for Dean to see. He remembered his skin being itchy, he remembered it at times being all he could think about, though he’d never remembered actually scratching, never mind enough to cause bleeding.
Dean’s gaze once again darted across the room, an unease settling in his stomach as after the third glance he still hadn’t seen the other. No ugly trench coat. No messy hair. Only loud parents, the noise seeming to bounce through the room.
“We’re doing formula balancing,” He continued, “It’s kinda hard but I think I’ve figured it out.” Sam paused again. He hated the silence, the way it made the guilt weigh further on his chest, ringing through his head, every breath seeming too loud, every shift echoing, the wood of the seat he sat on creaking. It was uncomfortable, especially when Dean was usually so loud. “Maybe,” Sam began slowly, the uncertainty in his voice clear even to himself. “Maybe I could show you after dinner, I have a few worksheets in my bag that-”
“I know,” Cas replied, walking back to his spot in front of Dean, now in his pajamas. An old AC/DC shirt and his bee pajamas pants that Claire had bought him as a joke. “She reminds me of you.”
He can still feel the spiral of emotion coursing through him as he opens the hood and begins working on the engine. A feeling Dean no longer would call anger, he didn’t so much as burn from the inside out, but felt as if he was being torn apart, dull pain piercing every inch of him. Stabbing at his heart and tearing the air from his lungs as his thoughts continue to spiral.
Dean nodded quickly, “yah of course.” Dean gave a smile hoping to reassure the other, though Cas continued to look at Dean with uncertainty, “really it’s fine.”
By the time they pulled up to a tall building neither of them had spoken, the silence continuing as Dean got out of the car, and followed Crowley through the front entrance. Then up the elevator, and down a hallway, stopping once they reached the conference room, and pushed the doors open.
“Little darling, it's been a long cold lonely winter,” Dean continues, his voice hanging through the silent night, only broken by their footsteps as they move across the deck. “Little darling, it seems like years since it's been here.” Cas’s lips press lightly to Dean’s neck and he replies by giving Cas’s hand a gentle squeeze, it’s all he can manage. Any words would ruin the moment, nothing he could say would be as gentle as them swaying, sharing one another's warmth as the wind continues to blow.
Claire made her way to the bookshelf, shuffling through the stack of scrap books Cas had made before she took the bottom one and sat at the edge of the bed.
“Look,” He said as he turned back around forcing a relaxed expression across his face, posture much the same. He twisted the cap off and brought the bottle to his lips for a quick swig before continuing to speak. “Next time we’ll do a who’s sluttier contest, then you can win.”
His annoyance didn’t falter, as he took the elevator up to Cas’s floor, and then made his way down the hallway. He missed the other, but he didn’t want to see Cas. He didn’t want to be reminded of the ring that burned in his pocket, or of his failure to propose. He didn’t want to be reminded of his fears.
A step, then another didn’t follow as his feet came to a stop, gaze locked on the familiar head of hair that looked down to his phone as he stood next to Baby. “Cas,” Dean barely whispered, eyes lingering on the other, who was still wrapped in Dean’s leather jacket, the material hanging around his shoulders, making him look smaller than he actually was. “Cas,” Dean repeated, this time loud enough that the other looked up.
“Daddy, daddy.” He cried, he raised his arms attempting to grab one of the balls. “I wants to play!” Jack turned to Cas once again grabbing at his arm and shaking it rapidly, “like papa.”
Slowly Cas stood, Dean following suit. For a moment they didn’t move, almost chest to chest, so close Dean could feel the heat of the other, his heart hammering the way it always had when Cas was too close. Now it was different. Now Dean wasn’t sure whether it was from nerves or utter fear.
He didn’t reply, not caring for the sternness in his father’s voice. “There are people waiting to see you, could you at least pretend to be excited?”
“Yes,” Cas repeated. Despite his words Dean stayed sat up, squinting in an attempt to see better. Jack’s sobs still echoed through the suite, though they’d become slightly muffled as, Dean assumed, the child buried his face into Cas’s shoulder.
Sonny’s lips parted, wide eyed gaze darting across Dean’s features. “I’m not-” Sonny mustered, “i’m not gonna hit you.”
Dean shrugged, he slowly looked up from the ring and to the park that spread out in front of them, it was quite, something unusual for New York. It would've been the perfect night to ask Castiel, if only he wasn’t such a coward. “To another person? Cause I can’t even count all the showers.”
His eyes fluttered shut, staying closed for barely a second before they snapped back open at the knock of the door. "Coming, I'm coming."
“Or’s blind,” Dean said, causing Claire to bite at her lip, stopping the smile that tried to form. “Kinda lucky I’m not coachin’, woulda sucked to bench him.”
“You’re allowed to talk,” Billie said. “You’re allowed to tell me, and your brother, and your friends when you're hurting, you don’t have to show it.” Billie paused for a moment, the silence weighing down, heavy and thick, suffocating Dean with each passing second.
Finally Zachariah looked back to his laptop, though Dean’s own gaze stayed locked on him. “Then tomorrow you’ll be having an interview with LA Magazine,” Zachariah explained. “Talk about rehab, life now. Try to make yourself look good, talk about that kid of yours if you have to.”
Dean gave what hoped was a reassuring smile, before turning away, keeping a casual pace as he walked away. Between the women's wallet, a second wallet he'd stolen a few hours before, and whatever he could get from pawning the bracelet, there should be at least a hundred dollars. More than enough to keep Sam eating.
He probably should say something else, though instead he picked up the last fry on his plate and shoved it into his mouth.
"Worse," Dean took one last deep breath, hoping it would be enough to fill his lungs, before they started running again. The man didn't seem to be chasing him but Dean wasn't willing to risk the staying. "Cops, we need t'leave."
Dean laughed as Cas, grimaced at the memory. "We'd just moved so we'd been unpackin' and I dropped a box on my foot and broke my toe." Dean paused for a second, thinking back to the memory, they'd just moved to a small town in Ohio, Dean only ten and Sam two years younger. "My dad made me walk to the hospital cause his fucking record player was in the box and it broke.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, stopping the other just as he had reached the door. “Could you- could you stay?”
“Dean,” Sam whispered softly. Fuck. Despite the dread in his stomach Dean looked to his brother, humming in response. “Why’d you break up with Cas?”
Dean kept his head down, keeping it that way even as Sam walked over, taking a seat on the armrest. The indication that Lee was typing appeared, before it was replaced by his message, ‘I'm going to fly in on the 15th.”
“Because- you know,” Dean glances at the other, the words stuck in his throat as his gaze darts across Cas’s face then down his body, before looking back to the road.
No matter how much he wanted to, Dean didn’t argue instead, pulling into the first parking lot he could.
“I wanna hear from you, not your brother.” For the first time since he’d picked them up, Bobby looked to Dean, they're eyes meeting. They hadn’t touched either, not as much as a handshake, but at that moment Dean wanted nothing more than to pull the other into a tight hug. To squeeze  his eyes shut, and feel the other’s warmth, smell the alcohol that always clung to Bobby, and pretend everything was okay for even a second. The way he had as a child.
"Dean Winchester," Dean greeted, closing the door. He raised his hand for a handshake, which the other man took.
What would happen if John found out, Dean would be dead, if he was lucky, though he could only keep lying for so long. Eventually he'd have to admit to his dad that he was just as John expected, still a failure.
Castiel glanced down to his arm, though it was no longer casted, his gaze staying there until he began to speak. “We were returning from the grocery store, when we began arguing. Things had gotten out of hand, and I thought- I assumed he had pushed me, but at the hospital he had been so kind, and when we arrived at home he insisted I had tripped.” Cas pressed his lips in a tight line looking back to Dean, his blue eyes wide.
When John strummened one last time,a ndthe ukulele’s tune died out, Dean opened his mouth to respond, though before he could Sam cut him off.
Chuck stopped pouring the tea, his gaze immediately looking up. “Dean’s been released,” he said in a clipped tone, placing the teapot back down before he picked up his own cup. “I forgot that was happening.”
“No.” Dean took a slow breath, watching in silence as Cas put the stuffed animals down, and instead picked up Jack, who continued to sob.
Dean studied the car in his hand, the design similar to a race car, with a number four painted on the hood. “Do you have an impala?” Dean asked. He lent forward to look through Jack’s selection though most were various race cars. Jack didn’t reply and instead began rolling his toy car in circles around the coffee table, making a soft vrooming noise with his mouth.
Two weeks had passed in a blink of his eye and before Dean knew it it was the night of the winter formal, and he was parked outside of the Novak’s house. His hands still on the steering wheel, eyes on the large white house in front of him.
“No, with the other Cas,” Dean replied, lacing his words with as much sarcasm as possible. “es of course Cas, Cas.”
Jack giggled. He gave Dean smiths wide grin before turning, skipping to the Christmas tree without another word.
How long did Dean sit there, gasping, dying, five minutes, ten. Either way even when his breathing had calmed, hsi heart continued to hammer, the adrenaline coursing through his body, unsure whether to fight or freeze, from what Dean hadn’t figured it out.
“Sleeping beauty’s awake,” Dean turned his head at the sound of his brother's voice, who was stood in the kitchen, pouring himself a cup of coffee. “I thought I was going to have to get Cas to kiss you.”
“It’s unfair,” Dean replied. He looked down to their joined hands, a smile still across his voice though his tone came out more distant. “What about my dad?”
“Dean,”Cas whispers, stopping at Dean’s side. Dean clenches his jaw, gaze staying down, he doesn’t think he can look up without crying, he can barely breathe without crying, each breath coming out more shaken, more forced than the last.
“Are you a bloody idiot,” Crowley spat, voicing echoing through the large conference room, and making Dean’s hangover pound worse than before. “He’s just gotten clean and your brilliant plan is to pump him full of more drugs?” Zachariah opened his mouth to speak though before he could get anything out Crowley was screaming again. “What other of his problems would you like to continue to promote? His alcoholism? Or what about his sex addiction, or maybe his daddy issues?”
“You’ve slept with his sister, you’ve gone through debt, and therapists, and you’ve pushed him away, and torn yourself apart.” Was this supposed to be a pep talk, Dean wasn’t sure. It definitely didn’t feel like it. “Dean, he’s seen you at rock bottom, and he’s still with you, because he loves you and nothing is going to change that, He’s going to love how ever you propose, not because of how big the proposal is, or how pricey the ring is, but because it’s from you. Could you get that through your thick skull”
“I would begin by saying I love you, but that wouldn’t be enough. I love you you can say to anything, or anyone, what I feel for you is so much more. What I feel for you is every happy moment, every single sunset, and cloud watch. What I feel for you is the good moments, but not just the ones like Christmas, the small things, the grass against our feet, the smell of fresh rain, the colour of your eyes. Everything you’ve helped me through, and taught me. I love you is not enough, but for now it will have to do.”
“At least twenty three times, and it’s only been a week.” Sam replied, “when was the last time you’ve seen him?”
The rest of the drive was done in silence. The music turned up to fill the awkward silence, only being turned down when they pulled up to the school.
“The whole thing was a blur, I didn’t know what had happened until I was washing the blood from my hands,” he felt the other’s breath flare across his ear. Warm. Electric. Tearing his breath from lungs. “It really ruined dinner.”
He raised his hands, attempting to push the lid off, though the wood refused to budge. After a second attempt of pushing it off, he began banging his fist into the wood, his skin burning with each punch.
He placed his glass of wine next to the wall then began tugging off his first heel, able to hear Dean stand as he did it. The second heel soon followed.
Dean clenched his teeth together, glaring up at the women for another moment before he turned away, making as much noise as possible as he walked to the desk she’d pointed to. He dropped his bag with a loud thud, then dragged the chair out before falling into it.
“They’ve gone through enough,” Sam said. “You’re unreliable, you're being selfish. You make promises to Ellie, then break them, You ignore John.” As Sam spoke his voice raised, until it cracked at the end. “They deserve better.”
Sam at first didn't reply, only looking back with a locked jaw, and wide eyes. Though it was hard to tell through the lighting Dean hoped the glossiness of Sam’s eyes were just his imagination.
“Did I tell you ‘bout the bar yesterday?” Cas gave a small shake of his head, getting a wide grin from his friend. “There was this chick there, hot as hell, like dude, you might have even gone for her.”
When Dean didn’t make any attempt to move the officer shoved the things into his hands, before turning and walking, leaving Dean no choice but to stand. He couldn’t spend the rest of his life sat in some police station, no matter how much he wanted, no matter how much he dreaded seeing Sonny and whatever anger was to come.
Papers flew everywhere, and Dean’s mug was knocked from his hand, coffee spilling across his hand burning at his skin. “Son of a bitch,” Dean cried, gaze dropping to his hand, which now dropped in hot water, still burning no matter how many times he shook it. He clenched his jaw as the pain seared, his fingers clenching and unclenching until the pain became manageable and Dean looked back up, meeting the all too familiar eyes of Castiel.
Sam looked up, and immediately Dean could feel his chest tighten, heart ringing through his head. Sam’s expression had never looked so heartbroken, eyes wide, lips parted, then closed, then parted again, as if trying to say something, though never being able to find the words.
She doesn’t come out of her room for dinner, or when her dad comes home, or when her phone dies and the charger’s still in Jack’s room from when he’d stolen it the day before. She can’t see Dean, especially not with Cas around, and so it isn’t until eleven when she’s sure everyone will be at least in their rooms that she slides out of her own quietly walking the hallway she’s stopped by the sound of Dean and Cas’s voice.
Dean crouched down putting a few quarters into the machine, before he grabbed the other gun, “I'm so going to kick your ass,” Dean said before he hit the start button. Neither brother spoke, only Ellie’s cheers filling the silence,  as the timer began, Dean raising his gun at the same time, and beginning to shoot at the virtual deer as fast as he could; though even with his sunglasses staring at the screen was hard. Causing his head to spin as he watched the deer run across it. When the game had ended and it was clear Sam had one, maybe for the first time ever, Dean let the gun fall from his hand, and squeezed his eyes shut, in an attempt to calm the dizzy feeling.
Dean looked down to the child who stood next to him. Jack’s head tilted back to look up. “Yah kid?” He hummened. Jack didn’t respond instead grabbing at Dean’s sleeve, giving it a small tug. “Wanna hold hands?”
Cas silently followed Sam through the crowd, from booth to booth. His eyes constantly darting across the crowd, across certain people who wore fun makeup, or other’s who wore glittery outfits. He couldn’t bring himself to look anywhere else, not wanting to miss a second, of the bright colours, the fun chatter, or the crowd that seemed to buzz with energy.
“No!” Dean cried. He didn’t need Lee to finish to know what he was going to say, were you going to speedball? A drug cocktail more often than not done with cocaine, and heroine. Cocaine was a rich man's drug, and just a part of the entertainment business, something Dean quickly realized, but speedballs, they were completely different. Something only someone who’d truly given up would try. Even lee who was high more often than not, wasn't willing to do it unless Dean tried with him. “Come on man You know I don’t do that shit.”
Then the feelings came rushing back, the guilt, the turning in his stomach, the absolute dread anytime Cas stared at him with such intensity. But it was all worth it to be with Castiel for as long as he could, watching his ocean blue eyes, the way he tilted his head, and his unusual traits that must've come from being an angel. The way he would at times stand frozen, not even breathing as if just a statue, or the lack of heat that radiated from skin, but not cold either, just nothing. All the things that made Castiel so much different than anyone else.
The harshness in Dean’s voice made Sam pause, his gaze glancing across his brother, though he could only see Dean’s back. John’s old leather jacket hung loosely around his thin frame. “I stayed for chemistry.”
Sam couldn’t find an inch of Dean that wasn’t covered. Even his lips, which sat in a  lopsided grin, were split open.
Sam's face immediately dropped, and with it Dean's heart. The word seemed to hang in the air, leaving Dean no longer gasping for breaths but instead holding it. He shouldn't have said anything, maybe he should've brought his dad back to beat him one last time instead. "Dean-" Sam began, his voice soft, "I love you so much."
Dean’s vision blurred as he spoke, drawing another shaky breath into his lungs. He could barely breathe, nevermind speak, as Ellie looked at his arm with her soft gaze. “It ruins your fucking life,” Dean choked out, “it’s not... Ellie, you will never have this, promise me.”
“Dean,” Cas insisted, though there was a lightness to his voice, a tone that matched the small smile across his face. Dean wished that smile would stay forever, it wasn’t like the ones that came when Jack was around, but it was better than his usually scowl. Lighting up his face, giving a shine to his eyes that wasn’t usually there. “I specialized in zoology.”
A scream ripped through his lungs as Dean jolted awake, eyes wide, meeting the dark room in front of him. It wasn’t an uncommon occurrence, waking up screaming from nightmares, it had been every night though that never made it easier; his heart always beat, racing faster than Dean had ever thought possible, his head spinning, unsure what exactly was reality and what his mind had created.
Being angry at Dean had been simple, she knew her feelings, she knew why she had those feelings. They’d always burned from the inside out, an energy that tore through her very veins, but an understandable energy. Now there was something else, a small pain in her chest that left her awake at night. That left her gasping for breath and wishing she’d simply die.
"So what'cha you goin' to do 'bout it, beat me?" Dean glanced to the women who now stood a foot or so away from them, a harsh glare still resting across her features. "Cause I could kick you and your wife's ass."
Dean takes a slow breath, an action that seems more forced than it should have. His throat is raw and his eyes feel itchy and dry, yet the pain persists, just as consuming and raw as before. He doesn’t even want to cry anymore, he doesn’t want to scream or throw something, he just wants the pain to end.
“I should apologize.” Dean finally whispered, his words hanging in the silence. “What I did, how I did it,” he took a shaken breath, vision blurring with tears. “None of it was fair to you, I’m just-“
“Are you sure,” Dean began. “I think it’d be best if we just went home, you get some sleep, I’ll have a beer for each of us.”
Dean lent in using his free hand to give the other a side hug. “Hey man,” Dean said, as he lent in, Dean could smell a musty smoke coating his friend. His eyes glanced across Lee’s face as he pulled away,studying the red tinged that Lee’s eyes held. “thanks for lending us yer car.””
Cas tilted his head either not thinking it’s funny or maybe just not getting it. Claire was going with the first option, cause it wasn’t funny. “He looked after them often when they were children and I had worked, though I am amazed at how well he did with them,” Cas replied, “he’d even let them have candy.”
Billie cleared her throat, pressing her lips into a tight line, before speaking. “I see a hard working, independent man, who treats himself like a soldier. Who views everyone else's problems has his own, and has pushed a side his own.” She paused for a second, her words hanging heavy in the silence. “I see someone who won’t let himself recover, and who doesn’t believe he deserves it.”
“You don’t listen to my music, which I don’t blame you, it’s utter crap, but what do you listen to Led Zeppelin?” Cas shook his head, “AC/DC? Metallica? Fuck Taylor Swift?”
I post my one shots on Tumblr, AO3, and Wattpad, and currently I have different one shot posted on each account, and I'm really confused on what I've posted where, cause I swear posted this here last week.
“Yes,” Cas suddenly said, Dean’s gaze darting from the ring and back to the other, a small frown grazing his lips
Dean stared at the impala, fiddling with the sleeve of his jacket as he watched Cas lean into the car. What were they going to do. Dean wouldn't drive, he couldn’t, and there didn’t seem to be a bus stop or airport for hours. Freezing in the middle of nowhere seemed to be their only option.
Dean lent against the kitchen counter, looking from Bella to Lee, Lee’s own features sat in an unreadable expression.
“I don’t think you realize,” Crowley replied, the once light tone gone, replaced with something closer to a warning. “how absolutely done Dick is with your crap.”
Dean steps away, avoiding Cas’s gaze as he slams the impalas hood shut, “can we just get goin’” Dean says, walking back to the driver’s door. He can feel Cas’s gaze following him, though Dean refuses to meet it, he doesn’t think he could keep breathing if he did. “I’ve gotta get to work.”
He stumbled forward, dropping the stuff at the edge of the bed before he took a seat behind Dean, his stomach immediately dropping, begging him to look anywhere else. The gashes across his back were much worse, some long and precisely marked, though many became smaller, more forced, scattered without care.
He could still hear Castiel’s words ringing through his head, how have been, why are you lying to me, take care of yourself. Why couldn’t Dean admit to how fucked up he was. More importantly why was he so fucked up, why did everything hang on him so heavily. Why wasn’t he high.
For a moment Sam couldn't move, his breath stuck in his throat as he looked down Dean’s body. It was so much worse than Sam had ever expected, both of Dean's sides covered in large bruises, the same dark colour that matched his face. Dried blood stained his calves and thighs, dripping from the large gashes that covered his thighs. They couldn’t of been from knives, maybe some kind of wip. A belt?
“Sir.” He could barely hear his own voice over the hammering of his heart, beating faster with each passing second. His shaken breaths matching the pace, gasping for air, though never seeming to get enough.
The process was slower than he’d expected with having to move the ladder every second clip and swear at a fucking cat that had tried scratching Baby’s tires; Though if the owner hadn’t been watching Dean would’ve done a lot more than just swearing. Between it all he’d spent the time trying to fight off frostbite, his fingers almost burning against the cold air and his usual pale skin becoming a soft purple. Which as far as Dean knew wasn’t normal, but hell he wasn’t a doctor.
The first half of Dean's face had been done in silence, Dean looking down while Cas worked with care. Fingers barely grazing skin as if he was working on a porcelain doll, and in some ways he felt he was. Dean hadn't been the same since returning. He had become distant, spending hours alone in their room, never speaking of the pain that he felt and was feeling. It tore him down, Castiel knew that. He had felt it, hiding the pain away, letting it eat you from the inside out. At first you could feel nothing, but that only could last for so long before you felt everything. Castiel was sure for Dean that moment would come soon.
How many people had his father said there would be, two hundred, three hundred. Even fifty seemed like to many.
Dean shook his head, “No, you ain't,” he raised his voice slightly as he spoke. “Tinkerbell wears her hair in a bun.”
They stumbled back into Castierl’s apartment, Dean’s eyes constantly fluttering open and closed, relying almost completely on Cas to keep him from tripping over anything. Through the ringing of his ears he could hear music playing. Led Zeppelin possibly. Dean wasn’t sure.
As Sam brought his phone, Dean tilted his head back, eyes fluttering shut in exhaustion. For a second he was sure he could fall asleep. The exhaustion stronger than his worry, for Jack, or Cas. A  breath parted his lips, his eyes remained closed until sounds of footsteps filled the silence.
A slightly shocked looked spread across the man's face for a second before he'd quickly cleared his throat, giving a smile. “Oh-” He began, before Dean cut him off realizing where he was going.
“You won’t leave me alone with him for five minutes,” Dean replied, in the harsh voice. The other tensed slightly, posture stiff, chin tilted up, though other then he didn’t respond. “Does that seem like fuckin’ trust to you?”
Sam gave his brother another second to reply before he once again brought the cloth to Dean’s back. He’d lived with Dean long enough to know that if his brother didn’t want to talk he wouldn’t, no matter how much Sam pushed. He’d brush things off with a sarcastic comment, a lopsided grin, or quick wink, play whatever he was feeling down to nothing.
A tried smirk tugged at Dean’s lips as he watched Logan’s features drop for a second, before going back to his usual harsh look. “What?”
For a moment Sam let the smallest smile tug at his lips, before he slowly sat next to his brother. He kept his gaze on his bed sheets, studying the blue fabric. For a breath. Then another. His gaze finally looked back to Dean, his stomach twisting as he was met with Dean’s bruised face. He’d seen a bit of John’s abuse, as much as Dean would let him, though none of it, over the six years Sam had known about it, was as bad as this. Not even close.
Billie looked at him with a raised eyebrow before she looked back to her paper scribbling something out. “How often do you have these thoughts?”
That’s what Dean told himself throughout the week after Sam had dragged him from the club, in an attempt to calm his nerves. Sam was being foolish. Sam was being over protective. Sam was pushing his grief for Jess onto Dean. Dean was fine. And he continued to tell himself that until the Sunday before the kids first day back to school, when he was prepared to once again break his promise to Sam, without a second thought.
After giving Jack a tight hug, with promises to pick him up on Friday night, Dean made his way to Impala, sliding into the driver's seat as quickly as he could and turning up the heat. His frozen fingers barely bent as he unlocked his phone and found Cassie’s number.
“And you're still working at the highschool?” Garth suddenly asked, Dean’s gaze immediately darting away from Jack to the other who was leant against the wall next to him.
“Okay!” Dean called through the door, leaning slightly closer to it. He swore he could hear talking through it, or maybe a tv. “I’m going t’get goin’.” Dean turned walking back to Sam’s apartment, “It was great talkin’ to you” he mumbled to himself.
A small part of her wanting to let Dean in but that was far too aware of the pain that had caused the first time.
Cas raised a hand gently wiping away the tear that rolled down her cheek. “You were his everything,” he continued, “being your dad was the best thing that had ever happened to him.”
“‘Kay,” Dean mumbled as he walked to the kitchen counters, pulling open the first cupboard that was filled with new, mostly unopened boxes of cereal.”Do ya want Lucky Charms?” Dean asked, glancing over his shoulder to the kitchen island where Jack was sat.
"How was school?" Dean asked. He dug his fork into the mess of food, and brought it to his lips, hesitating at first to take a bite, though the hesitation was only for seconds before the hunger one, and he began eating.
As more tears silently rolled down Cas’s cheeks, Dean took a step forward, wanting to comfort the other in some way. He took another step forward, though this time Cas stepped back, instead turning to the deck railing, slowly taking a seat on the ground, letting his legs dangle through the railing bars.
"You're a bloody idiot-" Crowley sighed before continuing, "you're going to drive to New York, where you will stay with your brother, clean and sober. I'll get you an interview with Jimmy Fallon, where you will say that it's all rumors. Afterwards you will not speak to anyone, take photos with anyone or even leave your brothers apartment. You will not go to a single bar or club, and you will not sleep with anyone while you're there. Do you understand?"
“No,” Dean dropped the bag he had held, instead rolling up his jacket sleeve up, showing off  his inner left arm. The skin a pale tone, and for the first time in years, clear, only blue veins visible against it. “Clean as Elton fuckin’ John.”
Cas’s arms hadn’t moved from where they rested at Dean’s shoulders, while Dean’s own hands stayed on the other’s hips, the fabric of his button up unnoticeable to Dean’s frozen fingers. “I can’t do that.” Cas finally replied. His blue eyes wide as he looked up, tears no longer falling, though his eyes now held a red tinge to them, and his cheeks were a slight pink.
Dean’s expression was full of pain, his eyes staring up to the ceiling, looking exhausted if not completely dragged, despite that his voice came out steady. “Remember how much she’d draw?” Dean whispered, “I swear the moment she could grab a pen she never stopped. They were so shitty.”
He let his eyes flutter shut, holding her tight for another moment before finally pulling away. “I promise you can come right back,” Dean said. He spoke in a soft tone, though even if he wanted to he wasn’t sure he could speak much louder. “I just need to talk to Lee.”
The stiff atmosphere still hung. Thick, and suffocating. Seeming to pull the air further out of Dean’s lungs with each second that Cas stared at him.
Even broken up they could still have the popcorn argument. He’d explained it more then once, hell more times then Dean could count. It’d gotten to the point that he was sure Cas only did it to bother him. Cas couldn’t be that stupid.
As long as he drove slow he’d be fine, as long as he avoided the main roads, and stayed off the highways, he wouldn’t have a panic attack. Or at least he hoped.
From the corner of Dean’s eye he could see Castiel glance towards him, only for a quick second before he looked back to Jack who held his hand. Even still it was enough to make Dean’s stomach twist. Bringing a heat to his neck, and a nervousness that he never had expected to feel. It wasn’t bad, just different.
“Dean,” he hummed in response, pouring himself another glass before he brought it back to his lips. “I should apologize about Jack earlier today.”
He looks to his right, unable to stop a smile as he watches Cas finish reading, the sunlight that fell through the window warming his tanned skin. Beautiful. Add that to the list of Cas’s perfections. Kind. Thoughtful How did Dean get so lucky?
Dean didn't reply, his tears breaking into sobs as he gripped tightly onto his brother, holding on as if Sam was the only thing keeping him alive. He wished he was dead, or normal. Everything would've been easier if John had just killed him.
He could barely breathe through his hammering heart, an electricity coursing through his veins even as Cas turned away and climbed up the ladder.
There was low creaking, followed by footsteps and shuffling as Dean assumed Cas moved  around the room, putting on his boots and coat. The door was then pulled open, and closed, leaving the once unbearably loud room, in a deadly silence.
He would stay the two weeks for Sam. He’d stay clean for Sam. He’d do it for as long as Sam needed him.
“I don't know Dean!” Sam snapped. “I don’t know. Cas has talked about it a bit with me, but it's complicated.”
“They want to drop you.” Dean’s head turned from the broom he’d been watching and to Crowley, so quickly the world seemed to flip, his stomach following. He was going to throw up. “Lucky for you I'm a bloody good manager, and was able to make a deal with them. They want an album written by next year.”
“I’m going to check on Jack,” Castiel finally said in a monotone voice. Dean watched as Cas turned away walking back to Jack who’d begun playing with amp. He continued to watch as the other crouched to his son, until the worker cleared his throat, causing Dean's head to turn; and for the second time that day he was met with his album cover. The man having raised his CD to show Dean.
Sam groaned from the kitchen, turning away from Dean who was spread out across the couch, still in his pajamas, under the single blanket Sam had given him to sleep with. “I asked you to do one thing when I'm on my days off, could you please not be useless and do it.”
“Shit I missed you two gremlins, you know who else I missed,” Dean turned to his brother who raised an eyebrow in question. “Where is she?”
It was a simple case, just a salt and burn, but after John had made the connection that the ghost only killed gays, he turned it down, dragging Dean and Sam out of the city as fast as he could.
It wasn't until Dean was sure Css was gone that he stood from the bed grabbing his leather jacket from where he’d thrown it on the floor. He pulled it across his body, mind still swirling as he stumbled out of his bedroom. Heart hammering as he made his way down the hall, adrenaline racing as he stopped into the kitchen where he grabbed the impala’s keys.
Him and her were acquaintances at the best of times. Meg was Cas’s closest friend, and frankly had never thought Dean was good enough, which she was probably right about. Not that Dean would ever admit it out loud.
Dean smiled as Cas lent down using one arm to help boost Jack up, so the child stood on the ledge, usually meant for bags and tokens. Dean pulled out his wallet as Cas made sure Jack wouldn’t fall, placing a few quarters into Jack's machine and then the one next to it.
Dean lent back into the hallway, squinting slightly as he was just able to just see Jack’s small frame through the darkeness.
An eruption of flashes came and before more could come Dean turned away dragging his duffle bags to the elevator. He pressed the button then lent against the wall letting his eyes flutter shut in absolute exhaustion. He could no longer hear them, though he was sure they were still there and would still be there long into the night; hoping to be the lucky one that'd get some sort of story of Dean's sudden move, and if it was involved with his rumored arrest.
He couldn’t tell Cassie the full truth. That through the whole date he'd been thinking about his ex. About Cas’s smile, his eyes, the breathless noises he’d make when Dean kissed along his jaw. The way he tilted his head often in confusion, but occasionally when Jack did something cute or Dean made an especially bad joke in fondness. A small smile would spread across his face and his eyes would lighten up, his whole expression just warm. Or how tomorrow Cas would be on a probably much more successful date with the puppy killer Mike whatever the douchebag's last name was.
Dean looked back to the seller, the smile not dropping from his face, “I think I wanna try the first one again.”
She turned away not waiting for a response and instead walked into the hallway Jack on her heels. “I wanted a ride,” he mumbled as they turned up the staircases, and Claire rolled her eyes. Of course he wanted a ride, he also wanted them all to be happy and be a family and sing songs or some kind of buillshit like that.
“Give me your coat,” this time Dean didn’t argue, too exhausted to, and instead he pulled off his leather jacket handing it to his brother. Sam Immediately began digging through the front pockets, then when he didn’t find anything, beginning to dig through the inside pockets. “Dean,” Sam said, his voice steady, yet hollow, as he held the three small bags, all filled with white powder. “Why,” Sam asked, his mouth opened to say something else though Dean cut him off.
“Dean,” Charlie called, waving towards him from the bottom of the bleachers. Across her own face was a wide smile, though Meg, who was stood next to her didn’t hold the same excitement. Her own features sat in a deep frown, eyes glaring up at Dean, her dark gothic fashion only giving her a more angered look.
“Dean,” Sam gestured towards the woman, Dean’s eyes going from her face to down her body.  She was small, with dark brown hair that fell to her lower back, and wore a simple t-shirt with jeans. Most of her features were casted by shadows from the dsm lighting, though it was easy to see they were soft and delicate, giving her a kind look.. “This is John’s ASL teacher, Eileen.”
“I think so,” Dean finally replied. He slammed his locker shut, leaning his shoulder against it so he could face Lee. “I’ve gotta study for chem though so I might not.”
“What!” Dean cried, finally looking to Richard, “I came across the country, on a plane, for a five minute bullshit meeting?”
When no reply came a shaken breath parted Sam's lips. “You didn’t unload the dishwasher? Were walking too loud? Slammed the car door?”
The slightly confused expression that had once rested across Dean’s features grew into a wide grin. “Yah!” Dean cried.
The smallest smile tugged at Cas’s lips, a smile similar to the one that tugged at Dean’s. It suited the other, brightening his features, adding a sparkle to his eyes, and a crinkle to the corner of them.
He began restacking the papers, as Ellie stood to go back inside. "Oh wait," Dean cried, causing Ellie to quickly stop in her tracks, he pulled his phone, using his thumb to unlock it. "Do you like dogs?"
His brother didn't say anything instead he stood, and took a seat next to Dean. At first Sam hesitantly put an arm around him, but as Dean lent into the touch Sam pulled him into a tight hug. "It's okay," Sam finally whispered, "you don't have to tell me."
Dean brought the glass back to his lips, taking another drink as he watched the child continue to play. His gaze stayed on Jack until the sound of the bathroom door came, and Cas stepped out in his pajamas, his hair wet from his shower, a few strands sticking to his forehead.
“Dean?” At the sound of his name, he looked up to Sam, his brother stood in the hallway entrance, a frown across his lips. “What’re you doing?”
He then prepared a second line. The key had just been brought to his nose, when a hard knock came from the door, “Dean, we’ve got to get going!” He froze watching the door in fear, he’d locked it. He had to have, he wasn’t that stupid. Unless Sam had a key. Could Sam get in, would he? “Cas’s waiting for us!”
“Dean.” His name again. He could still taste the coffee. Strong, bitter, almost burning, for once  in his life Dean would have preferred the cocaine cravings.
The feeling's and stares only continued, for Cas, and then Benny, eyes lingering longer then they should, thoughts going places they shouldn't have. For the siren that had seemed like the perfect man, for victims they were helping and celebrities on tv.
When he heard the sound of footsteps approaching, Dean looked up, a grin immediately spreading across his face as Cas appeared in the doorway.
Dean stopped, clenching his teeth. He turned his gaze from the direction of Baby and to his house, only illuminated by the moon's light.
Dean wasn’t healthy, and he knew that. If anything he was sure, with each ticking second that passed, he was walking closer to death's grasp.
Before Benny could reply a loud screeching came from Dean’s right. His gaze immediately turned to the busy streets, his heart picking up paze, as his gaze darted across the cars, though the only sign that anything had even happened was the loud balre of a horn.
“Sorry to interrupt this episode of keeping up with the coke addicts.” Crowley hummened, his hands in his pants pockets. “But I’m here to collect Dumber?”
"I didn't take shit," Dean defended. Despite his hammering heart, Dean continued to glare up at the man, his one free hand, going from his jean pocket and slowly to his leather jacket's pocket, where he stored his pocket knife.
“Aren’t you eating with me?” Sam asked, when instead of sitting across from him Dean walked off to his duffle bag that sat on the pull couch where he was sleeping.
“You’re supposed to be smarter than me.” Dean replied, his voice, though harsh, steady, something that only made Sam’s blood boil. Why did Dean have to be so controlling, Sam was fifteen he could make his own decisions..
Another cracking noise came from above, stopping Dean’s heart. For a moment he didn’t move, eyes locked on the wood above, even if through the darkness he couldn’t see anything.
“Hi mommy!” The child smiled back. He glanced to paper he coloured on one last time before looking to Mary with a wide smile.
Anyways all I'm saying is thank you so much for such support, and the comments, and the kudos and just everything!
The handcuffs hurt. A lot. The officer being more than happy to cuff Dean’s wrists, tightening them as much as the handcuffs would allow, and then leaving Dean to sit with them, as time ticked on. For at least an hour, before Crowley had somehow fixed things. Dean assumed it was the same way he fixed every other problem Dean caused, with lots of yelling, threats, and then money. Dean was sure his paycheck would be suffering after that arrest.
He doesn’t make an attempt to wipe his eyes as his vision becomes blurry -he doesn’t think it would do any good- and instead keeps his head down. Even as the passenger door opened and closed, and crunching of Cas’s shoes followed.
“Yes Dean?” The man glanced towards Dean, his blue eyes at first going back to the path ahead though as he seemed to realize what Dean had done, his gaze was quickly brought back to dean. “Dean!”
Deans grip quickly fell the moment he realized what he had done, his own eyes looking up at Cas in the panic, “Can we talk?” Dean asked, his voice barely above. His eyes darted across Cas’s face, waiting for a response though none came, Cas only continuing to stare in the same panic, “please, I need to talk to you.”
Dean’s gaze immediately shot back to his brother who was already looking back to him. “Sam!” Dean snapped, glaring harshly at his brother. “Don’t talk about dad like that, he’s trying his hardest.”
The woman's stern look didn’t drop, though despite that she turned away, walking back to her house, Dean following behind, JAck in tow.
Sam’s mouth closed, only to open again, continuing to stare at his brother. “You and Lee-” He finally mustered, “For how long?”
Friends with benefits they’d agreed. No feelings involved they’d agree. Cas doesn’t think he can keep his end of the bargain any longer.
Dean clenched his teeth, and before anything more could be said he grabbed his brother’s wrist, pulling him to his feet. “We need to get going,” Dean mumbled, continuing to pull Sam behind him despite his brother calling a quick goodbye to Cas.
“Charlie!” Dean snapped. He looked up from the coffee machine he’d been glaring at and instead to his friend who leant against the counter next to him. Her own expression somewhere between concerned and apologetic. “I told you I was comin’, I’m not gonna miss your birthday.”
She raised a hand, and finally Dean looked back up to her face. Eyes darting across her delicate features, the smirk that grazed her bright red lips, the few strands of tight curls that fell in her face and the white halo headband she wore, matching her lingerie. Dean gently took her hand in his, giving it the smallest shake as she stepped closer.
“Dean,” Sam began slowly, expression concerned. his voice soft and hesitant, causing Dean’s stomach to twist. Dean glanced to his feet, no longer able to hold his brother’s gaze. “What did you think was going to happen after last night?”
He stopped into the main entrance, eyes glancing across the open area. He scanned it twice before beginning to turn around, taking a step back the way he came when he heard the smallest sniffle.
Mathew opened his mouth to reply, though before he could a loud crash came from behind Sam, followed by men’s laughter. The once easy look that had rested across the others face was gone, now replaced by a clear annoyance. “He’s back.”
Cas didn’t reply, and instead slowly raised his hand, Dean staying frozen as Cas brought it to his temple. The touch though soft, burned against Dean’s throbbing head the pain only blurring with the rest that controlled his body, continuing to burn until Cas lowered his hand. “You’re bleeding,” Cas whispered softly, “do you have any bandages in the car?”
His whole body alive with anxiety, adrenaline coursing through his veins. Part of him said stop there in the hallway. Throw up there and then. Get it out of him, calm the anxiety, let the nausea win. He needed it out of him.
"Dean!" After the third call Dean finally looked up his gaze falling on Castiel who walked towards them, a to go cup in his one hand. "You forgot your coffee."
“Dean?” Cas questioned. His blue eyes wandered up in down. Dean leant against the wall attempting to hide his gasps of breath, though with little success. His eyes went to Cas’s, the other man’s features soft, though that only lasted for seconds, before he pressed his lips in a tight line, straightening his posture even further.
They were so close shoulders touching, it wouldn’t take long for Dean to lean in, let his lips brush across the other’s. His hand trace the other fingers, outline his jawline, feel his skin against Dean’s.
“Sam.” He choked out, letting his eyes flutter shut for seconds. It felt so good, to be consumed by the darkness.
"He's cute." Dean hummened as Cas stopped leaning over the railing, sighing at his son's lack of listening. Cas nodded in agreement. "Did you guys adopt him?" Deans asked, "I mean if you don't mind me asking, you don't have to answer."
Dean hummened in acknowledgment, slowly bringing the pen from his lips and to the paper, keeping his eyes on the officer for as long he could. Only quickly looking away to scribble the date. "Well officer Smith," Dean brought the pen back to his lips. He paused for a second, once again letting his eyes travel across the man's body, making no attempt to hide it "maybe if you're free sometime we could-"
"I know," Cas whispered, his hot breath tickling against Dean's neck. "Is Sam going to be here soon?"
“It would have been better but the teacher had decided the indicator would have become a redy orange, not red.”
A breath parted his lips and then Castiel’s lips were against his own. And even through his drug laced mind, Dean could have sworn, it was Castiel who had lent in.
They only stayed as feelings until 2002, at the age of 23. They'd just completed a case in Arizona, him, his dad, and Lee, and maybe him and Lee had a little too much to drink, and had gotten a little to close. Their hands wandering across each other, lips connecting, then clothing was being removed, lips wandering, touch grazing. And maybe Dean knew his dad would be back soon, and that when he did he'd beat Dean until he couldn't walk for days, and maybe Dean wanted it. The reminder that the feelings had to stay away, that he was broken, and maybe that's why Sam had ran away.
He laughed bringing his fist back to his mouth, speaking into it, “and what made you choose this,” Dean looked down to her outfit, “Interesting choice?”
Dean didn’t waste a single second after detention had ended, flinging his backpack over his shoulder and rushing out of the school. The moment he pushed the front door open, he was met with the child air burning against his cheeks. His eyes darted across the entrance of the school, landing on a bench a few feet away where Sam sat, next to him Castiel.
“I think it’s y’ur turn,” Dean hummened, a smile gazing at his lips as Cas gave the bike that Dean held a worried glance.
Dean stared at her for a moment, before he looked back to the painting and quickly wiped a hand across his eyes. “Holy shit.”
“Dean, you don’t have to keep apologizing.” Dean raised his head, gaze meeting the other’s. “I understand.”
Dean glanced back in the mirror. He could see both the kids, Ellie in the middle playing on her toy camera, while John sat to her right, playing on Sam’s phone. “Security found some heroin in my bag,” Dean finally said, his grip tightening around the steering wheel.
Dean Winchester is usually good at flirting, it just doesn’t seem to be that way when it comes to Castiel
“That’s where you're wrong, angel,” Dean stepped out of the doorway and into the living, eyes still on his boyfriend, and the reindeer onesie he wore. “There’s no such thing as enough pie.”
Castiel had spoken so flatly, so filled with spite, that Dean had no response. Only able to watch as the other man walked into the lobby. Cas didn't glance back, and Dean didn't look away watching until the other had disappeared up the staircase entrance.
"Here, Dean stopped walking. He pulled the wallet from his waistband pulling out a ten dollar bill, there were a few bills left, enough for Sam's dinner and two bus tickets. "Buy each of us a burger."
“Yah?” He hummed in response. He took a step closer to the others as a child ran past him, a quite angry mother following closer behind.
Dean couldn’t help the smile that tugged at his lips, something that Sam’s expresion didn’t match, “Dude,” Dean almost laughed, “You think dad fuckin’ talked to me? It’s been what-” Dean’s voice faltered as the realization dawned on him.
Dean pulled his jacket closer as a gust of wind came, gaze dropping to his shoes just for a second before going back to Cas, who ran a hand along his son's back. He didn’t know where to look, watching Cas seemned to personal, too domestic, though watching the streets seemed awkward.
He glanced back to his brother, lips pressed in a tight line, he'd already said no once, he didn't want to do it again. "Hey Sammy," Dean called, getting his brother's attention. "Do you know how the french make mac n' cheese?"
The feeling came immediately. A minty chill that shot down his spine, the cocaine exploding across his taste buds, and with it the euphoria.
As he typed out a message, he could hear Ellie making a small mewing noise attempting to coax the dog closer. He’d just started typing, when his gaze went from Sam’s phone and to the dog that walked towards him without hesitation. The dogs brown eyes looking up as he got closer. Dean could feel his stomach drop as the dog began to whine, pressing it’s nose to Dean’s duffle bag. “Sir could I please look in your bag.”
I don't know how much I like this chapter but oh well, I slept in, this took me hours to edit, and I kinda just Ean to give up on it sooo I'm just going to post it!
Despite what Dean wants, Cas begins talking. “Dean you are brilliant, and I’m aware that me saying that doesn’t make you believe it,” Cas pauses and takes a slow breath. “But please don’t let that determine your worth, or at least determine whether you are good enough for me or not. You are more than good enough.”
Air barely leaving his lungs, hitched in the back of his throat as he waited for the burning sensation to come back up, though when it never did his eyes fluttered back open.
“A monster?” Dean repeated, unable to stop the smile that tugged at his lips, something that only grew as Jack gave him a very serious nod. “Well then how ‘bout you show me.”
He let his eyes linger there for another moment before looking up, meeting Sam’s gaze who looked back through the rearview mirror. His features once again sat in the same concern as earlier, though this time as his lips parted, Dean only wanted to punch it off. “Dean-”
“I’m terrified,” the moment the words fell his body began shaking in sobs, tears rolling down his cheeks, with no sign of stopping. Only getting worse after each gasped breath. He could feel Cas’s hands on his shoulders at first hesitant, but the moment Dean lent into the touch Cas pulled him into a tight hug. “I-I love- I love you so fuckin much, and I’m terrified of it, I’m terriefied of myself.” Another sob shook his body, as he buried his face into Cas’s shoudler
“Do ya want to tell me whats wrong?” Dean asked softly when Jack’s sobs had become small sniffles. Even still Jack’s face was buried into Dean's shoulders, his arm moving from Dean’s neck to his jacket collar, grabbing the material into his small fists.
Slowly Dean pulled his hand out, letting it fall back to his side. Still he could feel the drug burning in his pocket, tongue exploding with the familiar minty taste. The spike that would be felt through his spine, the immediate euphoria that would wash over.
Dean should have froze at the sound of his brother's voice. He should have been terrified that his brother knew, or felt at least the skip of his heart. Though all he could feel was frustration as he pulled himself out from under the cupboard. “Where is it?” Dean spat. He stood shakingly using the sink for balance.
“Tell that to your brother,” Dean clenched his teeth. He was going to kill that man, and enjoy it. A smirk spread across Logan’s face as even from a distance Dean could see the man clearly look him up and down. “Or your dad.”
“Dean,” Cas greeted. A small smile rested across his lips until he looked up, his expression immediately faltering as he met Dean’s gaze. “Are you alright?”
“Uh no-“ Dean heard Garth say from his left. He wasn’t fully listening and instead glanced towards where he’d last seen Jack playing, the child still there with Garth's daughter. “I think I saw him leave.”
“Dean,” Naomi began, looking to Dean with a stern stare, though Dean's own gaze stayed anywhere else. He didn’t have time to listen to her talk, he needed to leave so he could find Sam and walk his brother home. “You are aware our school takes any form of hate incredibly serious.”
"Fuck you," Dean spat under his breath. He turned back to the officer, though the man had quickly dropped his head, his lips in a tight line as he tried to hold back a smile. Without another look at the officer Dean scribbled his signature and initials across the paper, before pushing it and the pen across the desk.
“Uh- you know,” Dean glanced to Jack who was still fast asleep before looking back to Cas.  “Monsters.”
Dean’s expression didn’t change, staying emotionless as he stared at her and somehow that made everything worse.
He rubbed the palms of his hands against his jeans before running a hand through his hair. “For the three strike law you need some kind of violent crime, so with the assault and my thefts it was enough for me to get a twenty four years sentence.”
The waitress laughed, a wide grin spreading across her face, "Yah what would you like with them? Strawberries, Blueberries, or blackberries?"
“You just gonna stare?” Dean’s gruff voice broke the silence, forcing Sam to move despite his suddenly shaky legs.
I’m currently trying writing shorter chapters (more around 1500-2000) instead of 3000+. I think I should be able to get more chapters out more frequently and I also feel like the stories a bit more stable... but I’m not sure!
Dean continued to sing to himself as he walked, until he got to the last lyric, and then as he still had at least another twenty minutes to go he started all over. And then again, and again, until he reached his house.
“So what, you stay with someone who beats you every second day,” Dean spat, clenching his fists at his sides. “Let him tear apart your fuckin’ life!”
Slowly Dean sat up, his head turning at the sound of his name, and to Cas, who sat at his bedside. The other's face illuminated in a soft glow from the candle, making his expression, which Dean could only assume was concern, clear.
“Shit, shit, shit.” He continued to cry as he frantically wiped the side of his hand across his face, attempting to stop the nosebleed
When Sam didn’t as much as move, Dean grabbed his wrist, dragging him out the bar, stopping once they’d gotten to the sidewalk.
Dean let out a dramatic groan. He let his phone drop back into the passenger's seat, turning back to the road. “I can drive them.”
The smallest smile gazed Dean’s lips, counting to watch the scenery. His heart had calmed down, and the bleeding along the sides of his head had stopped, though there was still an uneasy feeling in his stomach. A tenseness to his muscles as he sat in the truck, his body stuck between fight or fly.
Electricity seemed to buzz under her skin, the information blurring together. It was more than she’d ever heard about Dean from anyone. She’d learned from a young age not to talk to her father about him, it only ever made Cas sad, and even when he was willing to talk about a Dean it was rarely ever much more than how much Dean loved them. It was certainly never about his arrest, or apprenalty multiple arrests.
“Cas-” Dean began turning to the other. For a second Dean couldn’t speak instead only staring at the other, he was so beautiful, slimmer than Dean had expected, but stunning. Dean continued to stare, something he usually could do forever, but now that didn’t seem like enough. He wanted to feel Cas’s skin against his own, hear his heavy breaths, bite at his lip, suck at his skin.
Dean didn’t move as Charlie spoke, lips pressed in a tight line, eyes never leaving hers, as if the moment he looked away she’d be gone.
Don’t say anything. Don’t understand. That’s all Dean could think as his boyfriend continued to stare. “Dean,” he could feel his stomach drop, threatening to throw up what little was left in it. “Are you alright?”
Dean looked up from the mug, eyes lingering on Cas who still looked to Sam. Had Sam looked at her like she was the most beautiful thing in the world. Like each glance was going to be the last. Like every detail had to be memorized.
“A boy?” Je-Cas’s voice stayed steady, his blue eyes burning against the side of Dean's head. “Yes.”
It took Sam sometime between five minutes and six hours to return. Within that time Dean had walked four circles around the deck, thrown one of his shoes off it, and a vase, to see what would happen. Much to his shock it shattered. When Sam finally returned he took a seat on one of the chairs, while Dean sat on the floor, back rested against the railing.
Dean continued to stumble off the road, and onto the grass side where he collapsed. No longer able to handle the pain that burned at his ribs.
Claire pressed her lips together. She had more questions, endless questions though they’d all become a blur, unsure which ones were more important than others, or which ones Chuck would refuse to answer.
Dean shrugged. He lifted the bottle to his lips, taking a sip before he replied, “It was just nice.”
Finally Dean looked towards his dad, another hesitant breath filling his lungs, his heart hammering against his chest. He wished he was anywhere else, still at school, buried under the covers of his bed, dead in a ditch. The last was most prefered.
Jack didn’t reply, instead continuing to cry. His sobs somehow louder than before, becoming more and more heartbroken with which passing second. Ringing through the large room, and bringing an uneasy feeling to Dean’s stomach, he wished he could cover his hear’s, or help, though he doubted Cas even wanted him listening, never mind trying to help.
The moment Dean had finished his expression dropped, watching his father’s own become anger. His one hand gripping his fork so tightly his knuckles had turned white, his eyebrows, and eyes narrowed. “What’d you say to me?”
Dean doesn’t stop Cas as the other continues reading through the first chapter, only pausing after each paragraph to explain what was happening or add his own opinions. Once or twice Dean manages to choke out a few words, thoughts -analysis as Rowena would call them- about the story that has a smile tugging at Cas’s lips. They continue that way until Dean pulls up to Cas’s house, his hand finally letting go of the steering wheel to put the car in park.
“Me?” Dean asked in a dramatic voice. Jack nodded his head, though from under his hand Dean could see the child grin. “I think it’s you.”
“Fine, maybe you don’t need time but Cas just broke up with someone he’s been with for years.” Well technically they weren't broken up yet, but Dean decided now wasn’t the time to point that out.
Dean watched, as if any movement would cause Cas to stop. He watched as Cas’s eyebrows knit together, as the pained expression across his face became distress, as his lips pressed together, and as the first tear rolled down his cheek.
“Bean,” Jack cried, letting go of Cas’s hand and running to him. The child immediately wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist squeezing as hard as he could, before looking up with a wide smile. “We haved-” Jack began slowly, looking from Dean to Cas who had just stopped a foot or so away.
Dean looked towards his brother watching as he clenched his jaw, squeezing his eyes tightly. He wanted to make him better, god that was all Dean ever wanted. For his brother to be happy, but this was out of his control and Dean hated it. Watching Sam suffer, with no way to help.
“Yah, of course,” Dean shifted a few bags from one hand to the other, making sure he didn’t give away any of Ellie’s. “Is everything alright?”
Jack grabbed the sleeve off Dean's jacket into his small fist, giving it a slight tug towards where he’d sat moments before. “We can- we can play,” he declared, still looking up to Dean with his wide eyes.
From his right, over the low chatter of people, he could hear the sound of footsteps approaching, though his gaze stayed on his boots until an all to familiar voice spoke.
When the door slammed behind him he crumbled his back pressed to the wall, head spinning. Skin on fire. The desperation. To watch the coke dissolve. See the blood fill the needle. To get rid of the depression. The suicidal thoughts. To taste the mint feeling. Feel the confidence at his fingertips. He craved it. He needed it.
“Dean,” Cas cried, Dean  only laughing in response. Cas swiped his hand across his nose in an attempt to get the paint off though he ended up only spreading, making Dean laugh more. “I’m going to wash this, you can start painting.”
Dean nodded though he only picked up the glass of water taking a small sip to please his brother. “Why aren’t you asleep?” Dean asked when he placed the glass back down, looking back to his brother whose gaze had dropped to his hands.
“Trust is like a pond of murky water: Too dark to see, mysteriously undercover. I can't jump off the high dive even though I really want to, my toes are hanging off the ledge.”
Dean didn’t look away from Zachariah, only clenching his teeth together. “You’ll have to see a psychiatrist.”
Once Castiel got out of the car, they walked across the parking lot and into the hospital lobby where Cas went to the receptionist while Dean took a seat in one of the many chairs, as far away from other people as he could. He stretched out across the uncomfortable chair, pulling his jacket further across his chest. It was only an old led zeppelin shirt though Dean suddenly relaized just how dumb he looked in blue checkered pants, as a few people give him odd looks, and one wide eyed look from a girl that couldn’t seem to stop staring.
Dean grinned, watching as Jack dropped to the floor, the child's tongue poking out from the corner of his mouth as he began opening the present. One of his hands stayed pressed to the top of the box, holding it still, while his other began carefully pulling at the tape that held the wrapping paper closed.
After the second row of buttons had been undone Dean’s hands fell back to his sides, lips puckered slightly as he looked up to Cas. “You should do it too.”
Claire took a seat next to Jack, continuing to stare at her grandfather who sat on the couch across from them. “Do you know why he got arrested?”
It happened one night a few weeks after they’d saved him from the empty, and a few days after Dean had accepted that something was truly wrong with Cas. That he wasn’t just shocked, or healing from the cut across his neck, but something that none of them could explain and Cas refused to explain. They’d both been in Dean’s bed, Cas asleep and Dean staring at the roof, inches of space between them the way it was every night; Dean had never found the strength to reach out and Cas had never shown any desire for Dean to.
Zachariah looked to his laptop, fingers sliding across the keypad as he read through whatever lit his screen. “Dean, you said it was a panic attack?”
She turned away, no longer able to hold her dad’s gaze and instead walked out of the living room, ignoring Cas as he called for her to wait. Her footsteps were heavy as she stomped up the staircase, and she made sure to slam her door before she fell across her bed and squeezed her eyes shut.
All around it turned Dean’s stomach, the whole situation burning worse then Cas’s glares ever could. He’d never hurt Jack, he couldn’t imagine laying a hand on the child, so why couldn’t Cas trust him.
Though all those thoughts crossed his mind Dean didn’t say anything, instead looking down to the mug that rested in his hands. Most if the mug was white, expect for the bottom half where a small field of flowers had been painted by Jess. She had painted all their mugs, some with small bubbles, others as sunsets. Sam had originally wanted to sell them when Dean had first arrived, though after the first one was sold he had quickly changed his mind.
Dean didn’t reply, instead looking down to the IV in his hand, letting his gaze stay there. The way it raised his skin, the tape they used to keep it down, the clear liquid that field the tube it attached to. Even when a shuffling came from his right he continued to stare at the needle, the clear liquid, the feeling of it in his arm.
Lee took a deep breath. “About an hour, he got here at eight. Dean-” He could hear the shake to Lee’s voice, the uncertainty. “He’s worried about you- we all are.”
He couldn’t find the energy to be mad, or feel guilt, all he could feel was the exhaustion. The weight of his limbs, the effort it took just to keep his eyes opened, the way with every passing blink, he swore he got closer to falling asleep, though somehow he managed to keep them open. Staring back at Sam, who held the same exhausted expression he was sure sat across his own features.
If his eyes were opened, Dean would have rolled them. "Look, I know you love the whole 'be good talk'". Slowly Dean's eyes fluttered open, meeting the living room ceiling, "but Sam already beat you to it."
About whether he really should take the final step and simply apply to renew his zoology license, something that felt incredibly wrong, almost like betrayal.
This time it’s different. The pain can almost be felt lingering through the bunker, there’s days where it becomes so thick, so evident, Dean finds even himself suffocating. Cas is there. Everything should be okay. But Cas isn’t really there. He doesn’t leave Dean’s bed, he doesn’t talk. It’d taken weeks for him to even make a noise, and when he did, it was almost worse than the silence.
She brought her glass back to her lips, swallowing whatever was left of the cider before nodding towards the exit. “Lead the way.”
“And it’s a shitty sport.” Dean let his flutter shut lips parted the slightest bit. He could feel Cas’s shoulder rise then fall, hear his shallow breaths. How had he gotten so lucky, Dean didn’t deserve him, not in a thousands lives.
He didn't speak again, instead poking his fork at his food. Logan had stood up pulling his blazer back on as he said his goodbyes, and thank yous to Sam, at first insisting he clean up his plate, but Sam had refused. Make the asshole do some work was all Dean could think, though this time he kept his mouth shut.
That thought passed Dean’s mind for less than a second before a soft meow got his attention and his gaze dropped from the kitchen and to the floor, where Atticus walked past his feet and towards Cas.
“I'm sorry hun but we can’t have him in the x-ray room, little guy cant be around that kind of radiation.”
“Oh,” she nodded. Her finger stopped for a second before beginning to trail again, the touch so light that if it wasn’t for the slight pain it would’ve been ticklish. “I have some, too!”
“Dean!” through the ringing he could hear his name, though his eyes stayed shut. He felt two fingers pressed to his neck, the touch cool against his burning skin, “Dean?”
Cas didn’t reply, instead walking out of the bedroom, leaving Dean alone, as Some Kind Of Monster began playing.
“Why would I laugh?” A bubble of emotion burns in Dean’s chest as Cas’s gaze darts over his face. He wants to cry, so bad. His failed essay. Driving Sam to soccer practise. The new book they were beginning. His two jobs. His science test on monday. It was all spiralling, crumbling no matter how much he tried to keep it together.
Cas could only give a small nod of his head. He pressed his lips in a tight line as he watched Dean listen to whoever was on the other side of the call. The grin across Dean’s face only growing wider.
He kept his hands in his hair, though his gaze went to the women, watching her walk around him, and then slowly take a seat on the floor, only a foot or so away Her expression was no longer dropped in shock, and instead she had a wide grin, one that lit up her whole face.
The man dug his hand into Dean's one pocket, pulling out his pocket knife, with a raised eyebrow. "Be careful with that," Despite Dean's words,vhe man let the knife fall to the ground, before moving onto the jacket's second pocket.
For a moment Charlie didn’t reply, her gaze darting across Dean’s features, arms pulling her jacket closed, us a gust of chilled wind came. Her own features sat in a small frown, the moonlight above casting shadows across her wide eyes.
“I like them,” Cas replied and Claire was pretty sure the rubber ducks would like to be put out of their misery.
He looked back to Ellie for another second before he looked to his shoes, Sam’s phone still gripped tightly in hand. He could feel the vibration of text, though he didn’t check it, instead continuing to study his boots. Letting a soft breath pass his lips, and then another, his heart was hammering though he couldn’t be sure if it was from the adrenaline or withdrawal.
There was a moment where Cas looked up at Dean with uncertainty, his lips parted just slightest. He started with such intensity Dean might as well have given him a life or death question, not an offer to carry a few bags. “Are you sure?” He finally asked.
The other end went silent, for a moment, and then another. The silence continued on for so long Dean wondered if his brother had hung up. “What’s the problem? Are you serious? Dean, it's Friday you’re supposed to drive the kids to school.”
Each one painted to perfection, with horrified expressions, and flailing arms. The top of the background started as a faded blue only to become an orange almost brown colour at the bottom, meant to be hells flames ready to scorch the falling species. The painting itself was held in a gold frame, as if it was something to be proud of, to hold up for anyone passing to see.
“Music therapy?” Sam said, in a raised voice, one that Dean had recognized all too well from Sam talking to Ellie. When he wanted her to be interested in something, but think it was her own choice.
“I can’t believe you still have those,” Dean grumbled as they walked along the forest path,  Claire’s gaze darting to her fathers swim shorts. They were a bright obnoxiously blue colour, covered in yellow rubber ducks, a pair he’d owned, and she’d hated for as long as she could remember.
Slowly Dean shoved his phone back into his jacket pocket, heart heavy as the candies he’d stolen soon followed, he then pushed himself from the bench, fixing his jeans before taking his first step towards the exit. Followed by a second, then a third. His legs almost shaking as he walked across the police station, and out the front door.
Cas took a shaken breath, his eyes fluttering shut for a moment before they were open again. The expression that traced his face was mostly emotionless though underlined with pain, distress. A look that made Dean want to lean in and hug other, hold him until he knew Cas was okay.
Cas immediately closed his mouth, his blue eyes wide, as he stared back at Dean, not speaking, for a moment and then another. Only staring back intensely, his face casted in shadows by the moonlight above. “I’m going to check on Jack.” Cas finally whispered, standing without another word, and walking back to the impala.
Cas’s hand dropped and without knowing why Dean reached forward, taking Cas’s hand in his own. It had been as natural as when they’d first saved him and Dean had brought him into his own room rather than the infirmary, or when Dean had given Cas his t-shirts and sweats to wear, or anything else that had happened between them since the empty.
Dean didn't wait for his brothers response instead walking past Sam and to the table, a few feet from the women.
“You are going to be introduced, then you will share a dance, and finally talk with guests,” Chuck paused. “You will be excited for the engagement and polite to anyone who asks about it, understood?”
“Because,” Dean finally whispers, taking a slow breath. Despite that the air barely fills his lungs, when did it become so hard to breathe?
By ten o'clock when Crowley’s ferrari approached Dean’s own street the nerves hadn’t calmed down, if anything they’d gotten worse. As he sat in the passenger seat, his knee bounced continuously, gaze on the passenger window, watching the familiar houses pass, much too slow for Dean’s comfort.
“It's been such a lovely night,” the woman hummed, her face spread in a dream-like smile. “And you both look so handsome.”
“You didn’t need to get me anything.” Dean said, placing the box and walkman next to him, before looking to the other.
Dean hesitated for a  moment before he stood. “Let’s head back,” he offered his hand to help Castiel help. “We’ll get some sleep then start looking again in the morning .”
He needed something, anything to stop the way his anxiety raced, the thoughts of Sam at the edge of the bridge, the thoughts of himself, the thoughts of how right it had been. He needed something to numb it out.
The shocked expression that had rested on Cas’s face became a smile as he took Dean’s hand, using it to stand. “Of course it is.”
There was a moment before the door was pulled open, an old woman wrapped in a housecoat appearing on the other side. From where Dean stood he couldn’t see Cas’s expression, only his back, too far to hear the conversation either.
Dean lent against the doorframe that led to his backyard, a beer in hand, watching as Cas sat at the pool edge, Jack in his lap, the child's giggles filling the silence. He’d come to talk to Cas, though he couldn’t bring himself to move once he saw the other playing with his son, both with smiles across their faces.
He could still remember not being able to exactly get the right angle. Fingers in the back of his throat, as tears and snot stained his face. Fingers moving, jabbing, wiggling, until he felt the acidic taste come back up, burning through his throat, and mouth.
“Yah,” Meg mumbled, loud enough that Dean could easily hear. “I’m sure he’s fuckin estatic that you’re here.”
Lee closed the cupboard, before looking back to Dean. “And that,” he said pointing the joint he had grabbed at Dean, “is what we have alcohol for.”
“Now why the hell would I do that?” Cas doesn’t reply, his lips pressing in a tight line while his gaze locks on the other, watching as Dean stands. He should tell him to sit back down, he should, Cas knew that, but instead his gaze was dropping, darting over the pale skin of Dean’s chest. He should tell the other to sit down, it was an official investigation but it was almost impossible to ignore the racing of his heart, beating faster with each step Dean took, until he was leaning into Cas, lips inches away from his ear. “I asked you a question, detective.”
He began humming softly rocking Jack back in forth, his own lips parted the slightest. “Here comes the sun dodudodo, here comes the sun dodudodo.”
Dean held the oher's gaze for only a second before he looked back down the bed, his legs both covered by a thin sheet. It didn't matter he didn't need to look. He'd seen enough bodies to know the way his skin would blister, the burn marks overlapped by scars, a mess of flesh and muscle. He didn't need to look.
Dean took a hesitant step forward so he stood at the hallway entrance. Cas didn’t look up, continuing to inspect Jack, while Logan only glanced to Dean.
Above the bell ring, indicating it was time to get to their last class of the day, though Dean didn’t make any attempt to move, Lee staying in place as well, much to Dean’s relief. Getting to biology on time was the least of his concerns, especially on a monday. “Casiel, Castiel, either way he’s a prick.”
Neither man spoke, for a moment, and then another, the living room they sat in sitting in eerie silence, until Dean finally looked up. His gaze first met the offices, then Sonny's, both men looking at him waiting for an answer, an answer Dean couldn't care enough to give.
“I sink this and you get the coke, I miss and I’ll get it?” Dean looked up at his friend, raising an eyebrow in question.
From above, just through the cracks of the old wood he could see the rays of sunlight, slowly disappearing as the coffin he layed in was buried.
Watching Dean shave had been a morning tradition. Originally because Castiel has been too tired to get up and start his day, or maybe too content, with such a pure moment. Either way when Dean had returned from his army drafting things had changed. Castiel no longer watched with a small smile, but instead a deep frown. Worried for his boyfriends health. Knowing Dean had to much pride to even accept never mind just ask for help.
Another nod of his head. His lips part, a shaken breath filling his lungs, then exiting, staying that way until he’s sure he won’t cry. “I didn’t have enough time,” Dean whispers
“Still” Dean said, his expression pained though voice somehow steady, “I was lucky, lots of people get a lot longer for a lot less.”
Much to Dean’s relief Cas doesn’t follow him out of the car and let’s him walk to the impalas hood alone. They were only a few miles out of town yet it was quiet, the only sign of life being a distant house that stood a few yards away, and even that, with its lights flicked off, seemed empty. The sky above a dull grey leaving a chill in the air.
Dean took a bite of the bite, stabbing his fork back into it. He watched as Cas turned first, placing Jack on one seat with a cup of yogurt, before he took the seat across from Dean. “I’m sorry Dean but me and Logan already have plans for the weekend.”
His gaze had yet to leave Sam’s, his brother looking back with an expression he couldn’t quite understand, he hated that. Not knowing when Sam was hurting, what Sam was thinking, he hoped Sam would be okay, he didn’t want to leave his brother alone.
"Sorry I fucked up," Dean finally whispered, when the silence was no longer bearable. Sam looked upm, his brown eyes meeting Dean's, wide, exhausted, holding a look to them that Dean couldn't quite explain.
Despite his twisting stomach, threatening to throw up the alcohol he’s drunk, Dean slid accept to call and brought the phone to his ear. “What the fuck do you wnat,” Dean spat, not carring to hide his annoyance, he was exhausted, and hungover. Very hungover, to fuckin’ hungover.
“Dean, I understand,” Cas whispered softly. He trailed a hand down Dean’s back though it did nothing to calm him. The fear still bubbled, burning through every inch of his skin, threatening to drown him in his own mind. Mixing with the self hate, the disgust.
“Dean!” Dean looked up at the sound of his name and to Ellie who’d crouched down to the dogs height, “look a puppy.”
He shifted back so he sat properly in the passenger, gaze never meeting Bobby’s, and instead looking to his hands. How long had it been since he’d last seen the other, eight, almost nine years. It had been the day before his dad’s funeral, the funeral Dean had been too high to attend.
It stayed that way as they made their way back to the apartment building, completely missing lunch and instead going directly to Cas’s apartment. Through the drive, and through the first song of Led Zeppelin III, Cas not ignoring Dean, but more avoiding, insisting he had to put Jack to bed then that he had to prepare lunch for when Jack would wake up. It seemed he’d find anything to do as long as it meant not talking. Until sometime through the second song, when at first hesitant, he began speaking to Dean. By the start of the fourth song, they both laid across the living room floor, watching the ceiling as ‘Since I’ve been loving you’ played on.
The same way he wasn’t sure if he should mention the finger like bruising around Dean’s wrist that wasn’t there the day before.
His eyes dropped to his hands, his blood covering his fingernails. Another shaken breath filled his lungs, heart still hammering, as if insisting there was danger, a danger Dean couldn’t figure out.
If Dean hadn’t been watching Castiel’s face he would’ve missed the single tear that fell from his eyes, just beginning to roll down his cheek before his hand was there wiping it away. “Adoption is a complicated process.” Cas began, his blue eyes finally looking back at Dean, though his voice still contained an almost empty tone. “Between my work, meetings with the lawyer, and paperwork I wasn't often home, or able to participate in the things Logan wanted me there for.” Cas paused the only sound breaking the silence being their shallow breaths, and the sound of footsteps from the floor above. “One day, after I had missed his work banquet, he had told me- he said, that if Jack- if he got in the way of our life too often.” Cas squeezed his eyes shut, letting out another shaken breath before they fluttered open. “He would- he would take him, and not come back.”
A small smile tugged at Dean’s lips, though it was still nothing like the smiles Claire normally saw across his face. “Claire Bear was a cute name.” He whispered
“As far as I’m aware,” Dean’s fingers itched closer to his jean’s pocket, fingers trailing against the rough material, “in the past few months you’ve been arrested for having cocaine on you, missed an interview meant to fix that, were arrested again for having heroin on you, had an overdose, and are now been accused of relapse.” Crowley paused for a moment, the silence hanging heavy in the car. “The money you make them is starting to become not worth the trouble you cause.”
He remembered falling asleep, heart still slightly faster than normal, then the nightmares that had followed.
The other line went dead, and Dean groaned, leaving his head tilted back for a second before he found the strength to push himself from the wall and walk back to Cas’s room. When he got close to the door, the sound of voice became clear, Dean’s footsteps slowing down, until he stood in the doorway, able to see Cas and Logan, who had taken a seat on the bed. One of his arms was rested around Cas’s shoulder, while the other held his left hand. They had been watching Jack who was still sat on the floor, before their heads turned at the sound of Dean’s footsteps.
“Shit kid,” Dean couldn’t stop the grin that tugged at his lips, or the way his heart raced, for once not from cocaine. “I love it.”
“Have a good day.” Dean said. He pushed the passenger seat forward and opened the door to allow John out, Ellie following her brother, though before she could step out Dean stopped her. “Ellie,” he began. “What’s wrong?”
Dean looks back to the silver ring. He knows Charlie’s right, hell the thought has been in the back of his mind since he’d begun saving, putting every extra penny or dollar won during a game of pool, aside. They could pay off almost two months of their health insurance, fix their bathroom sink, save the money for if an emergency came. Dean could think of a million different things the money could go towards. Things Cas, who was far too selfless for his own good, would want the money to go towards, yet Dean couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Good morning, here's another one shot I swear I posted here last week but apparently didn't, I think school's making me start to loose my mind...
“Jack,” Cas barely whispered before he was getting out of bed. Dean only watched, still processing the fact that he was awake, no longer in the kitchen, and most of all very hungover.
Dean brought the stick back, a breath parting his lips before he hit it forward. The tip struck the ball, and Dean watched as the cue ball collided with the eight, sending it spinning into the far left pouch.
The moment he spoke Dean felt his stomach drop, regretting his own words, the night before, every other night before that. He’d wished the overdose had just killed him, at least then he wouldn’t be causing Sam anymore pain.
“Go check on him,” Dean said, when Cas hadn’t moved, not even a shift towards the edge of the bed. “I’m fine.”
As the time rolled on and Dean fell further in love with Cas he began dropping hints to his brother. Unable to say the word himself and hoping that Sam would do it for him. He talked about doctor sexy, and the news as more states legalzied gay marriage. Anything that would get Sam's attention, so his brother could fix the guilt he always felt, tell him it was okay, make him feel better about himself like Sam always did.
The smallest smile tugged across Cas’s lips and for a moment Dean could only return it. Heart slightly lighter than before, whatever had weighed in his gut seeming to give him a moments break. Just one moment where he could watch as Cas quietly walked across the room, footsteps not making a sound as he made his way to where Dean sat.
Sam took another hesitant breath looking up to Dean, this time Dean’s own gaze dropping. He could feel his heart hammering in his chest, the chill of the October air blowing across his bare arms, though it wasn’t the reason for the cold feeling that took over. He forced down a breath, despite the lump in his throat, allowing himself one more breath before he looked back to his brother. “He looked awful, exhausted, and I don’t know it kinda just clicked after, he didn’t need to say anything, and I’m pretty sure he knew we figured it out.”
Dean didn’t reply, and instead followed Lee into the bar. Despite his arguments, he didn’t completely hate the idea of rapping. He loved to hear his voice when he was high, the way it rang through his head, and rolled off his tongue. He loved everything about it, and while rapping, he’d get to hear it a lot.
“Thanks,” he mumbled. Dean grabbed his duffle bag from the floor, even filled only with clothing the bag was heavy in Dean’s hand. He barely had the energy to carry his own weight from the sleepless nights, never mind any extra.
Every time I post I get more and more shocked that I've made it this far. It's just really shocking, cause I have zero attention span (something that's very clear on my ACNH island, sorry to my villagers), and yah I'm just kinda shocked.
Cas looked up from their daughter, Dean was guessing for the first time since he had picked her up, and looked towards Charlie. Against the bright hospital light his blue eyes were clear, still hazy with tears. "We're naming her Charlie."
He takes the turn out of town and in the direction of Cas’s house, his heart hammering in his chest, grip tight around the steering wheel. “You wear button ups,” Dean finally says, “and I wear t-shirts.”
With one hand still in the other’s Cas slid his feet across the floor, Dean doing the same next to him. The once silent halls now echoing with their laughter at each stumble of feet, and slide that almost sent one of them into a wall, or crashing into an expensive decoration. Cas’s hand never left Dean’s gripping the other tightly to keep his own balance, the smile across his face burning his cheeks.
“Come on,” Lee insisted, he began walking away, towards a bar a few stores away. Faster than Dean would have appreciated, his own legs still heavy, only getting worse with each step. “It’s our turn.”
The game continued on, Ellie trying things out, then twirling and striking poses. While Dean continued to announce, complimenting her choice in color, or style, and occasionally asking for her to explain a part of the outfit. They played the game until a few minutes before three when Dean could no longer handle being sober, and needed another line. After buying Ellie’s two favourite outfits, and stopping at the washroom for Dean, they made their way to the arcade where Sam, and Cas already were, Jack at Cas’s side, while John was already inside looking at the various games.
He pushed a few dimes into the phone, then pressed his thumb to the number's, as he brought the phone to his ear. A ringing filled his head, his heart still hammering against his chest.
“Catch a star, if you can.” Dean sang softly to himself, barely above a whisper, even if he was the only one in the room. “Wish for something special.”
Dean’s head turned to Castiel. He didn’t know when it had happened but Cas had taken a few steps away, leaving over an arms length between them.
“I know, but I’ll be there before dad gets back.” Dean finally replied, when he was sure his voice would be steady. Another breath filled his lungs. “I promise.”
Sorry it took so long, I rewrote it like twelve times, had a break down, seriously considered deleting everything I’ve ever wrote, had another break down , momentarily stepped back into my eating disorder, rewrote it again, then finally published it.
Dean got out of the car, walking around to the other side to open the other’s door, he then lent in to help Cas get his seatbelt off. “You sure you don’t need help?” Dean asked as he watched his friend struggle to get out of the car. Castiel somehow shifted Jack from his chest to his hip, while keeping this right arm from touching anything. He grit his teeth as he began getting out of the car.
Cas lent his head against Dean’s shoulder, a shaken breath filling the silence. “He is a good person,” Cas finally whispered, though from the way he spoke, the words didn’t seem intended for Dean. “He is.”
The sun glaring against Dean’s eyes, that was the only thing he could truly focus on, as the world spun around him in a mix of blues and greys.
"Then maybe you should stop acting like one. Now you better get going, if i've learned anything from touring with you i'm sure you have nothing packed."
Dean shook his head, and Claire leant in a little closer, holding her breath as she watched, trying to hear whatever would come next. Maybe some kind of explanation, something that would answer one of the million questions she had, or at least feed her growing curiosity, though it seemed neither of them wanted to continue the conversation as Cas stepped away from Dean and out of Claire’s view.
Cas pauses for a second, before he continues inspecting the small tomato plant that had just begun to sprout. “No,” Cas replies, his voice steady, though Dean can hear something else in it, hesitation, maybe worry, “do you?”
He reaches out to the light switch, his finger grazing it before he hesitates, looking back at Jack.
Together they stood up from the table, Ellie slowly following behind as Dean grabbed paper from her craft cupboard, they went out to the apartment deck. Together they sat on the deck floor, paper spread around, Dean picked one up, beginning to fold it as Ellie watched. "And just like that," Dean folded the last corner of paper before lifting the plane up, "you have an airplane!"
“And how are my favourite grandkids?” Chuck hummed his footsteps filling the silent room followed but the sound of cups being placed onto the table. The sound of her grandfather sitting down came though Claire didn’t turn instead continuing to study the photo.
“I know you won’t hurt him, but Dean-” Cas paused as a shaken breath parted Dean’s lips, his own heart seeming to pick up pace or stop all together.
“It wasn’t and you know that.” Dean insisted his words becoming more frantic the longer he spoke. Desperate to convince Cas, or give him the courage to leave, or anything, he just wanted his friend to be okay. “You told me, remember after Halloween? You said he’d threatened to before, and now he did, and he’ll do it again.”
“Uh,” Sam brought his hands to his face, pushing his hair behind his ears. “I haven't dealt with a parental abduction case recently, but I think Logan could be facing ten to fourteen years of jail.”  Sam hesitated for a second, eyes glancing across Dean in a way that Dean assumed was concern, or maybe dread. “That is if Cas chooses to press charges.”
Another breath parted Dean’s lips, his eyes wondering across Castiel’s face, his sharp jawline, and chapped lips. The space between them, the space that always was there, and always, even if it was only a foot seemed too large.
Food wasn’t always a part of Dean’s childhood, John only gave them so much money, and sometimes that would run thin, leaving only enough for Sam. Without much food around Dean had always been slim, never bony, but slimmer, something that at eleven years old, Dean realized people liked about him.
“Here.” Dean looked back down, his eyes glancing to Lee for only a second, before wondering to synrge he offered. Clear liquid filled it, swirling slightly as Dean took it in his own hand. “You know,”  Lee began, “I’ve got some heroin, we could have some fun.”
“That’s what you think,” Dean mumbled. He twisted his body to stare out the window once again, watching as the familiar LA streets whizzed by. His skin was still on fire, as his heart hammered with adrenaline. “Turn here.” Dean said. “I’m goin’ t’Lee’s.”
A grin spread across Dean’s face as he turned to the other, a small smile across Cas’s own face. His head was tilted to the side, the way he always did when he was confused or curious. It was cute.
He laced his pinky with the young girls, before pulling her into a tight hug. Holding in on for a second, and then another, only letting go when he finally stood.
“What?” That was the first thing that fell from Dean’s lips as he looked to the other. His foot still pressed on the impalas break, hands tight around the steering wheel. His grip only tightened, as if that was the only thing keeping him grounded, keeping him sat in the car, instead of running as far as he could.
His nose burned, and he knew tears would soon follow, Cas couldn’t cry, no matter how much he wanted to. It wasn’t like they were together, they slept together, they fucked.
She glanced to Dean before looking back to her dad. “I’m fine taking the bus,” Claire said, “I’m sure he’s busy.”
With his elbows on the counters, Dean covered his face with his hands. Squeezing his eyes shut in an attempt to stop the spinning , though it did nothing, the music was too loud, blaring through his head. The lights too bright even with his eyes shut.
Cas stood, walking to where Dean crouched. “You got to stay up until Dean returned, now it’s time for you to sleep.”
Dean’s gaze went to the impala, the adrenaline already beginning to race, a lump forming in his throat at just the thought of sitting in the driver's seat. Not only his own life in his hands, but Cas’s and Jack’s as well.
“Probably Some Kind of Monster,” Dean paused for a moment, lips parted. He doubted Cas would know the meaning of the song though there was something about it that left him feeling bare, exposed, weak. “Or master of puppets.”
There was a moment of silence as Cas’s eyes glanced across Dean’s fcae before he slowly nodded, “I’m available on tuesday.”
Cas looked back to the door they’d stepped through, the heavy wood closing with a low thud. The nose seemed to echo through the empty hall, bouncing along the walls, before it faded out, leaving them in silence.
"Sammy." Dean asked that night, he was sat on one of the motel beds, facing his brother who was spread across the other scrolling through his laptop "Can I talk to you?"
He must've been sitting for hours, the sky now a light shade of blue. Had he watched the sun rise from the deck, he could've sworn he had, but maybe he had been staggering around the park. Slowly he pushed himself from the railing, shuffling to the deck and door, and stepping inside the apartment.
“Cas? He breathed out, getting the attention of the other man, who had been sorting through his mailbox.
"Hey Ellie?" Dean asked as dinner came to an end, everyone's plates, including the one that had the pie, empty, "do you know how to make paper airplanes?"
“How about  we play in a few minutes.” Dean glanced up to Cas who hovered beside Jack, then back to the child, meeting Jack’s wide eyes. “Me and your dad need to talk first.”
Dean’s lips parted, and for a moment nothing came, his own fingers traveling back to his wrist, trailing the bruise stained skin. The bruises that since he’d last checked had become a darkening purple, matching the hickies that scattered his collar bones, and burned against his inner thigh. The ache that blurred out the cravings.
Cas stepped back, and for a moment Dean could only stare, across the other's face, and down his body. He still wore his beige pants, the fabric stained with blood, though now he wore a simple white top that hung loosely around his frame. Dean could stare forever, he could sit next to the other and talk forever.
This time Cas didn’t argue, only giving a small nod of his head, before he stood, beging to make his way out of Dean’s room, leaving Dean alone, in the dark.
“No.” Keeping one hand on his phone he used his other to grab the nearest bottle of scotch, twisting the lid off before he grabbed a glass from below the bar he still sat at. Each movement sent his head spinning, mind seeming unable to catch up with each motion. His eyes burning despite the billiard room sitting in darkness.
Dean placed Ellie on the bed, then began digging through her suitcase. She stood up and began bouncing on the mattress.
“Castiel Novak, would you give me the honor, for more moments, more memories, and the time to find the proper wording, by marrying me?”
He’d never found singing exhausting, especially high, though as he continued to sing through the first verse, each line seemed harder than the last. His lungs never seeming to fill with enough air, arm’s becoming just as heavy as his legs. The world seemed to spin, or fade, Dean wasn’t sure.
Sam didn’t reply, though as he let out a shaky breath he turned to face Dean. “Take off the sunglasses.”
Dean took the stethoscope from his neck, and placed it around Jack’s, helping the child place the earpieces properly into his ears. Dean then lifted the chest piece pressing it to Jack’s heart. “Do you hear it?”
"I'm tired Cas," Dean finally whispered. He wasn't sure what caused him to speak, especially about the thoughts he'd spent so long keeping to himself. The Morphine that still clouded his head? The blood loss?  "People are fuckin dying." Why wasn't he dead. Men only a few feet a head had died. Why wasn't he dead. He should have been dead. "And we're gettin' nowhere."
“I drank dish soap.” Dean replied, his gaze going down to the edge of her desk, staying there. It was much easier than looking at the women.
Another desperate gasp shook his body as Dean pressed the palms of his hands to his eyes. He was going to break. He couldn’t break, not now, not with Crowley on his way, and Lee just across the hall.
His gaze darted down the hall, the walls lit only by a few candles, and the moon light that fell through the window. If they were to walk to the right they would reach the kitchen, and to the left the castles library.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Dean screamed as he lent back against the brick building. His hands stopped at his hairline, grabbing at the longer strands and tugging at them infrustration. "Fuck me!"
Dean let his eyes linger once again down her body, before slowly raising his hand, using it to brush a strand of red her hair behind her ear. “What time should I be there?”
He heard his brother begin to say something else though this time Sam seemed to decide otherwise and instead left the car to sit in silence, something that only made the beating of Dean’s heart much more real, ringing through his ears.
Dean nodded. He glanced to Jack, the child still fast asleep, looking so innocent and happy. “Of course,” Dean replied, he looked back to Cas, a smile spreading across his face, which Castiel returned. “I can take him anytime you need me to.”
Instead of standing Dean sat, his gaze staying locked on the ring, the blue gem seeming to mock him. Even as Sam sat next to him, Dean continued to stare, studying each inch of the ring, every single detail, no matter how small. Did he even choose the right ring, how was he even supposed to propose if he didn’t.
He pulled the needle from his arm, letting it fall from his grip, before he looked up, gaze lingering around the room. Studying the way the boxes stacked on top of each other. There’d been a problem, something that had caused him pain, though he couldn't name it any longer. In fact Dean couldn’t imagine life not being perfect.
Was he even breathing, Dean wasn’t sure. All he could feel was the adrenaline coursing through his veins, the hammering of his heart, the cravings, bursting across his tongue. He could taste it, feel it across his spine, imagine the way his eyes would dilate, the calming relief that would wash over. He needed it.
The pain in his heart clouded his mind as he made his way back to the impala, continuing through the drive home, and then for the rest of the night as he laid awake staring at his ceiling above.
Once Mathew had walked into the kitchen, Sam’s gaze dropped to his boots trying to keep his thoughts distracted from the other things that pestered at the back of his mind. The guilt. The dread. The fabric of his shoes brought none of those things.
Finally Cas stood, looking back to Dean, with the same wide eyed expression. “Where were you?” He asked.
“I did but plans changed, so I'm leaving today,” Dean paused for a moment. He licked his bottom lip, eyes darting across his brother's features, and then to the ground before going back to Sam. “With Cas.”
A smile gazed Cas’s lips, though it wasn’t like his usual ones that made his eyes shine, just small, almost sad. “You don’t have to play if you don’t want to,” Dean continued.
The same way it had with Lee minutes before or with cocaine. The line between pleasure and pain so blurred it was impossible to figure out when one ended and the other began.
Cas’s head immediately turned to the door, then back to Dean, the uncertainty clear across his features.
Books were thrown to the ground and a gold brooch was shoved into his jacket pocket, followed by a few rings and a twenty dollar bill he found abandoned under the bed. Two watched were the last things shoved into his jean pockets before he left the room. Footsteps heavy and heart hammering as he frantically ran back through the house, and to the front door.
Dean attempted to pull his arm back from her grip though the woman only dug her nails further into his arm. "Why would I even want your dirty money, you bitch."
He brought his hands to his eyes, quickly rubbing at them to stop the tears that had begun to form, as a shaken breath parted his lips. Doing it was one thing, but admitting it out loud, to someone so similar, so close to his father, was a completely other. “And men.”
As another moment passed, where Sam didn't speak, Dean turned back to railing. “Wait Dean!” Dean didn’t listen instead pressing his hands back onto the railing. His heart still hammered, coursing his veins with adrenaline, seeming to shake his whole body with each beat. “I’ll go check on him.”
Dean looked to his brother, his breath hitching as he watched Sam’s expression finally drop in panic. Sam’s hand running across his lower face where his beard had begun to grow out. Dean would have to force him to shave soon.
“Wouldn’t you have done the same?” Dean whispers. his thumb begins trailing along Cas’s cheek and it was only at that moment, that Cas realizes Dean’s hand was on his face, on his face and no longer handcuffed together.
They continued talking, at some point turning so they instead stood face to face, so close their chests almost touched. The conversation soon died out, leaving them to stare at one another and for Dean to wonder if he should lean in. Close the space between them, kiss Cas like he’d wanted to for so long. They were close enough, Cas’s breaths brushing against Dean’s cheeks.
A breath parted his lips, and he pushed the needle in, his fingers going to plunger. The plastic was smooth to the touch, another breath parting his lips as he slowly pulled it out, blood filling the needle. Then another breath before he pushed it down.
Cas's lips parted gaze dropping to the waistband of Dean's jeans where he could just see the lime green colour. Yes, but that would be for another time. "I was wantin-"
“At least we agree on one thing,” Dean whispered back. “I think I’d have preferred if my dad had gotten me an arranged murder.”
“I don’t think you understand,” Castiel replied, words laced with a harsh tone. “I don’t want to leave.”
With her no longer watching, Dean quickly stuffed her wallet into his jacket pocket, before putting the rest of her items backs into her purse. "I'm so sorry again," Dean said as he stood, handing the women her purse.
“So you two broke up?” Lee hummend as he watched Dean put his things back into his locker, Dean only giving the smallest nod in response. “Are you still going to winter formal then?”
About if he truly did have a reason to fear loosing Jack. It had been a misunderstanding, lack of communication, a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding. It was a misunderstanding, so why did it terrify him so much.
His chapped lips were pressed in a tight line matching the rest of his features, not sad, but exhausted. So incredibly exhausted, from the sleepless nights, and endless nightmares, from the anxiety that seemed to only build higher in his chest. Exhausted from inside out.
"Oh" Dean looked at the closed doors he must have been standing next to for almost ten minutes, the button no longer glowing like it should. "Uh thanks, maybe i'll see you around."
Dean leans back and immediately Cas exhales through his nose. “Detective,” Dean whispers. “Do you want to know what actually happened?”
Both Cas and Jack looked up to Dean, Jack already frantically nodding his head. He let go of Cas's arm, and ran to Dean, looking up at him. "You don't have to Dean."
“Daddy, we buyed so much!” Ellie cried. She ran up to her dad, immediately sitting at his feet, and begging to pull things from her shopping bags to show him. “See, see!” she cried, lifting up a baby blue sundress they’d bought from the first store they’d gone to.
“Fuck you.” Despite his boiling blood, the words came out empty, no energy to them, steady and emotionless.
“My apologies.” The smallest smile tugged at Dean’s lips. He stuffed his hands back into his jacket pockets, attempting to warm them as a gust of chilled wind came.
At the sudden scream of his name Dean’s gaze dropped to the front window, his heart leaping out his throat, as a truck sped out in front of them from  a side road. His foot slammed on the break, his eyes closing for barely a second before opening again as the car skidded into a spin.
He looked away from Meg and to Castiel who was sat across from them, head down, writing slowly across his own poster board. He was about the same size as Dean, maybe an inch shorter, though that’s where the similarities ended. His hair was dark and tousled, his skin a warm tan, unlike Dean’s own pale tone.
"We don't have anymore!" Tears continued to roll down Jack's cheeks as he sobbed. Cas instead turned to Dean, an apologetic look across his face. "I'm so sorry," he explained, "It's past his bedtime and he's exhausted."
With his left hand still around the wheel Dean reaches his right out, eyes darting to the side just long enough to allow him to lace his finger through Cas’s. The other’s hand’s warm in his own, soft, though not giving the comfort he’d wanted.
He practically ran through the apartment halls, down the staircase and through the door that led to the apartments underground parking lot. The cocaine had begun to set in and with it the paranoia, though usual at home it would be for the cops, now it was for Sam, worried his little brother would know what Dean had done if he spent another second alone.
Despite Sam’s subtle pestering it was still the best week Dean had ever had. With Logan in Italy Cas was almost always around, whether it be shopping while the kids were at schools, or late night movies. By the end of the first week Dean had seen Cas more than the past months combined.
Dean nodded despite his father not being able to see. Before he could speak again the other line cut off, replaced by a low ringing that buzzed through hsi until he placed the phone back on its stand
“Do you mind?” Dean asked gesturing to the tray, when Cas shook his head Dean grabbed one taking a large bite. The women may not have been great at raising children, but she could bake, Dean would give her that much.
“Wait,” Dean cried stepping out of the door frame and into the hallway. “Cas,” Dean watched as the other stopped, turning in response. “Is everything good?”
So yah do with that as you will, I think this way just keeps all of us on our toes, and things interesting.
The rest of the drive was done in silence, until they pulled up to Castiel's apartment building, a tall expensive one at least triple the size of Dean’s own, when Sam pulled out his phone. “Shit,” he cried, sliding unlock, “I missed a call from work could you grab the book for me?”
“Cas-” Dean began. For a moment Dean considered raising his hand, letting it brush across the side of the other’s face, across his stubble, align his jaw line. Would his skin be warm to Dean’s touch. Would it be a comfort in his spiralling emotions. Despite his wants, Dean kept his hands at his side, instead continuing to stare at the other. “You aren’t fine.”
