“‘M gonna-” Dean broke off, as the headlights plucked the image of Cas out of the darkness, his white shirt shining out in sharp contrast to the dark suit usually masked by his trench-coat.
“Dean’s hormonal,” Castiel announced from his position, sitting on the edge of the bed, elbows resting on his parted knees, head bowed over his clasped hands. “And it’s preventing him from seeing reason.”
He broke off, rescanning the room. The cream, the same as Baby’s dash and interior. The shiny black and leather, resembled her paint job... Even the round lights, edged in chrome, looked like the headlights of his beloved car. “Huh.”
“So, this whole identifying with the Terminator thing, what’s that all about?” Dean asked through an overloaded mouthful, a few crumbs escaping along with his words.
“Doesn’t mean he’s dead,” Dean pointed out hopefully, trying to stay positive to give his angel some hope and ease the troubling vacant look from his face. “He could’ve just been being cautious.”
“It makes me uncomfortable,” Castiel admitted grumpily. Answering Dean’s unasked question as soon as they were alone.
“Our wings are a direct manifestation of our grace. With what little remained of mine stored away it was safe, in a manner of speaking, when I was cast out.
It took forever and a lot of visualizing waterfalls while running the tap, but eventually he managed a meager stream. It was only a small amount, but it was all he had, so he hoped it would be enough. He watches closely as it absorbs up to the little window, the strip darkening slightly until a little line appeared signalling that it was ready, there’s enough pee there to get a reading.
Dean nodded along disappointedly. It was never that easy. It wasn’t as if he expected all the answers they were searching for to be right there on the first page, but after what he’d been through to get the notes he reserved the rights to be annoyed when they weren’t.
“Now’s not the time, Sammy,”  he reprimanded, trying to shut down what he knew would turn into a line of questioning that he did not want to get into right now, if ever.
His Angel shouldn’t be suffering for his own fucked up issues. Cas deserved better, he deserved the truth. Failing that, he at least deserved an explanation. He makes it only halfway back to the bunker before his self loathing is overtaken by his need to do right by Cas.
“So in the last two weeks, Dean’s pregnancy has progressed a month.” Sam summarized, the sentence sounding even more improbable to him when he said it aloud. “Do you think he knows?”
“How was the date?” Sam asked cheerfully, hearing the bunker door squeak open. He heard it slam shut, a little harder than necessary. No answer to his question. He looked up.
- A jolt of excited arousal shot to his groin, making his dick twitch eagerly at just the thought.
Held between Sam’s thumb and forefinger was a grainy black and white photograph. The image hidden within difficult to make out, but Dean knew precisely what he was looking at the instant he saw it.
“You haven’t seen the best bit,” Dean stated with a beaming smile, striding towards the closed nursery door and swinging it wide open to welcome Sam inside. Watching his brother eagerly, as he crossed over to have his first look at the newly decorated room.
“What do you need, Dean?” the angel asked, snapping Dean out of his head and he glanced up to find Cas looking at him with softly concerned eyes.
He wouldn't leave Cas trapped in this endless nightmare. He could never. He had gotten Cas into this mess, and sure as hell he was gonna get him out, if it was the last thing he did.
SGsVamp xXx
“Yes.”
The tremor in Cas' voice pulled on Dean's heart strings and gave him cause to kick his brain back into gear. Enough to remember that the last time they had seen each other was while saying their goodbyes. Castiel would have seen the sun clear and assumed what that meant. The sun had set long since then and all the while Cas had been grieving, not knowing that his grief was needless.
“Because if I didn’t he would have suspected something,” Sam explained with a small shrug. “And he needed a win. Even if it was just whether or not he gets to have his coffee.”
He bent to scoop up his sleeping mate, before pausing as he remembered his promise and peered back over his shoulder at Sam. “Could you close your eyes?”
The second he opened it, he knew he'd made a mistake.
The curious tone told Dean this was another first for the Angel. He wasn’t surprised. No one who Cas had been with would have cared enough about his pleasure to do this for him. But Dean did. He wanted Cas to have the full experience, know what true pleasure was. He yearned to see Cas coming ungripped, by his hand - or well, mouth. There was slight confusion in the questioning way Cas had spoken Dean’s name, but no hesitancy, not a drop of it. Even without looking the human could tell Cas had no objections to what Dean was currently doing with his mouth and tongue. In fact if the way his breathing was hitching and the way he was twitching inside Dean’s mouth with every swipe of his tongue, he was enjoying it, a lot, even if it was new and probably unexpected for the Angel.
The angels overlapped each other's words, but Dean had no time to pay attention to either of them. He’s totally focused on Cas. Unable to believe that neither of the angels have noticed. Because there is no possible way the two torturing Cas could have missed his cursed eyes. Or seen the strain the Angel is under, struggling to keep the effects of the spell contained. It’s so clear to Dean, that even blind he would see it. Cas’ usually beautiful blues are glassy, yellowed and hooded as if keeping them open hurt too much, the whites barely visible behind the veined redness. They’ve been close enough to slice open Castiel’s face. They had to have noticed. They simply don’t care.
Cas was transfixed and no sooner did Dean swallow before his mouth was occupied by something else just as tasty.
His morning sickness seemed to have eased off, for the most part. It still lurked in the background, but he found that as long as he limited himself to the fruit and fish that he craved, the worst of the nausea stayed away. Only rearing its head if he smelt something particularly pungent. Which happened all too often as his sense of smell seemed to have taken on some kind of superhuman strength. Dean had been shocked to discover, after a quick google search, that a heightened sense of smell was actually a very common side effect of pregnancy. There was nothing celestial about it, unlike he had first assumed.
Cas had been coming to Earth, helping the Winchesters, fighting alongside them for years and yet he had rarely sampled the finer things life had to offer.
“What do you need to know, Dean?” Cas asked, his gravelly voice forced deep enough to be felt in Dean’s chest as it reverberated off the concrete walls of the dungeon. Damn, Cas was going full Jules to his Vincent. Dean was almost waiting for him to start quoting scripture, interlacing it with a few ‘mothafuckers” for good measure. Cas’ voice had always done things to him, but hearing it like this was something else, it was raw power, unburdened and hot as hell.
“So what should we do with her?” Sam lifted his chin to where Toni Bevell was still out cold on the floor.
“He requested that you not see me carry him,” Castiel explained. Immediately Sam’s expression shifted to one of barely contained amusement.
“That’s not backing me up,” Dean huffed, animatedly dropping his arms to his sides as he slammed himself back in the seat.
Spinning away from the sink, so not to catch an accidental glimpse, he paced across the small confines of the little bathroom, resting his forehead on the far wall, as far from the sink and the test as possible. He closed his eyes.
Sam wished he could go easy on the grieving Angel. Be more considerate of the inexperienced Castiel’s feelings and give him the time he needed. But the child was growing far too quickly for him to have the luxury and what sort of an Uncle would he be if he allowed their one and only remaining parent to miss any more of their childhood, short as it would be. Dean wouldn't have wanted that.
Dean frowned curiously, watching his Angel stammer. It wasn’t like Cas to get flustered, over anything. He could count the number of times he’d seen Cas struggle to get out what he wanted to say on one hand. It peeks his curiosity, he has to know. What was he told? By whom? He shouldn’t be able to do what? The questions swarm through his mind, while Cas blushes, rubbing the back of his neck nervously, before dropping his head hiding the flush of his cheeks.
Hope everyone who took part had a very happy GISHmas
He definitely didn’t want to even consider how that would go! Cas should have warned him. Even if the chance was remote a little heads up should have happened. Surely he was entitled to that much. He would cry if he weren’t so angry.
“No.”
“-Because I got news for you Buddy, maybe I would have watched what I was saying if someone had informed me of the consequences!”
“What do you think?” he asked, looking back over his shoulder at the other two. They answered with smiles that matched Dean’s own.
“Your mem-” Dean couldn’t finish. The enormousness of what he was hearing rushing upon him, all at once. All the things he’d seen, all the rooms filled with nightmares, tortures and pain, weren’t actually nightmares. He knew at least parts of some had been based in truth, but he had assumed they were some twisted turn of events leaning towards some darkened dream. To know that they had actually happened, all of it, every last thing he’d seen. They had happened to Cas...
Cas’ frown, complete with the head tilt and questioning eyes, increased and drove him to explain further.
The flirtation she threw the Angel’s way barely had a chance to hit its target before Cas’ head snapped back, staring fixed ahead of him, looking like he would be sweating bullets if he were able. Dean chuckled silently. His fierce warrior of heaven freaking out over being flirted with by a pretty face. It was like Superman’s kryptonite... or Sammy’s clowns.
And yet the thought of leaving Dean made his stomach knot up unbearably.
Castiel sighed, taking a long moment to drop his head and let Dean’s anger abate somewhat, before turning his soulful blue eyes up, meeting Dean’s in painful honesty. “You didn’t say ‘yes’ to it,” he clarified, “but even if you had, I would still have to consciously force my grace into merging with your soul, Dean.”
“Could you have done it by mistake?” the hunter wondered out loud. “Lost control for a second?”
Cas tensed, his frown encroaching inward, marginally. If Dean hadn’t been so focused on any visual clues he would have missed it entirely, but hyper-aware he was on it like a shot.
The way Cas gave him a slow look from the corner of his eye and his lips turned up in a sly smile, told Dean that ‘yes every dirty thing he was currently imagining was indeed possible’.
“Dean, this could kill you,” Cas snapped, his face a mask of fierce concern.
“I’m forcing myself to not think of it as Dean,” Cas said somberly, his eyes drifting back to the notes. “There are some interesting details in here.”
Dean stubbornly remained silent, not wanting to confirm that Sam was right. Because Dean had defended Cas, always had, always would. After everything Cas had done for the brothers over the years, he earned Deans trust and support more than anyone. The Angel had never let him down, always been there when the hunter needed him... That was what was causing such a bitter taste in Dean’s mouth. He would never have expected anything like this, not from his Angel.
Even long before he and Cas had gotten together Cas had said that he would watch over Dean when the hunter slept. Dean had rejected the offer, telling Cas that it wasn’t going to happen and that he found it creepy, because having some dude standing over you, staring at you while you were completely unaware was downright creepy, but oddly there had also been some level of comfort to knowing that someone was watching his back when his eyes were shut and his mind was off. Not that he had ever told Cas that, but it was true nonetheless. Even when Cas hadn't physically been there with him, Dean had felt his presence. It hadn’t been all the time, but on those occasions when it had, he felt like his mothers promise that ‘angels were watching over’ him was actually true.
“Can we do this back at the bunker?” Cas practically whined as he followed less than half a step behind as Dean made his way over to the small bathroom.
Positive.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lady Bevell had been awake for a while now, but she was locked and chained up securely in the bunker's hidden dungeon and Dean was far from in a rush to deal with her. It would be better in the long run to let her stew. There was nothing like letting someone sit alone with their own panic to loosen their tongue. She was trained, so she would probably be expecting the hunters to use that tactic, it was a classic after all, but the poetic justice Dean had planned she couldn’t be prepared for.
At least Dean was starting to see some form of rationality. Of the very few times Dean and Castiel had actually come to blows in the past, it had only been when Dean was under the influence and strengthened by the mark of Cain that Dean had come out on top, though that may also have something to do with Castiel’s reluctance to hurt Dean that had lead the angel into not fighting back. So even if Dean did carry out what he was threatening - which Sam wholeheartedly doubted - it would be unlikely that Castiel would come to any actual harm.
Hey look at that, quicker than normal AND a non life hanging in the balance cliffhanger this time. I'm getting better (or just less mean, at least)
Cas looked - there was no other word for it - he looked catatonic. Lips hung loosely parted, lax features, unfocused eyes zoned into nothing over Dean's shoulder.
He’d been poked, palpitated, probed, scanned, swabbed, every possible check and test the doc could think of. Some Dean suspected he had just made up, there was no way for Dean to know for sure, he wasn't a doctor, but he was sure that there were animals in cosmetic labs that got less attention. By this point, Dean was convinced that the only reason they didn’t leave him strapped down on that medical table twenty-four-seven, sedating him as and when they needed, was simply because they didn’t want to have to deal with bed sores.
“I know, Sam.” The numbness was newly edged with sadness and guilt as Cas replied. He’d let down Dean and now he was letting down their child. But he just couldn’t. His throat tightened as the threatened emotions welled up. Even thinking about it was too much. “I - I can’t...”
He woke to find himself in a clinically clean and featureless glowing white corridor that seemed to go on forever. Countless doors lined each side, further than he could see, in either direction. How was he ever meant to find Castiel in this lot?
Staring at it, Dean slumped to the floor. This couldn’t be happening. It wasn't possible... yet it was. His thoughts swirled insanely, trying to make sense of the jumbled mess, trying to recalculate what he had known, to allow what was now a reality that was so far beyond what he had believed, that it wasn't sinking in. A plethora of unanswered questions fought against one another, overtaking for first position in his mind. How had this happen? Why him? When? Why hadn’t Cas told him? How could Cas not have known? How was that possible? How was any of this possible?...What was he going to do?
“I don’t know. Somewhere in the low thousands.”
Dean gave her a nod of thanks as she set down his beer, but his eyes narrowed when she lingered over Cas’.
“Dude, I’m not joking!”
He took a deep breath. “I was sixteen when my Dad found out I liked guys. To say that he didn’t take it very well would be one hell of an understatement.”
Dean bit down on the inside of his cheeks to keep back the smile that wanted to tug his lips up into a grin when he saw the fear flash on their prisoner’s face. He didn’t blame her, he knew what it was like to be on the receiving end of Cas’ rage, he’d experienced it himself before and knew just how terrifying his Angel could be. Even after all these years, Dean still found it hard to believe how this dorky little guy, who didn’t get the reference, could turn on a dime to become this avenging Angel, hellbent on wrath and ready to smite anyone in his path without thought or remorse. Two polar opposites. Even knowing that this was just a mask right now, that Cas was just acting a role, playing a part, it still sent a shiver down his spine.
"What the..."
“Nephilim aren’t something that can be created accidentally,” Cas continues, looking down at Dean with confused yet sad and apologetic eyes.
“Alright,” Dean stated calmly, with a single nod. “I’ll go with you.”
He stared at the results window, his brow growing increasingly furrowed in disbelief. He rubbed his eyes and refocused on the little display.
“I always considered walking to be an inefficient way to travel.”
With the room back to the ordered state it had done before and their clothes neatly folded, Castiel slipped back in beside Dean in the bed, pulling the sound asleep hunter closer, until he was pillowed on the Angel's chest with his head settled in the crook of his shoulder and neck.
The intensity of Cas’ ‘you speak or I smite’ stare, coupled with his being so close Dean could feel every breath Cas spoke puff against his face seemed to draw the truth from Dean’s lips without any conscious thought. “She- Before she left with Chuck she said I’d given her what she needed most and wanted to do the same for me.”
It wasn’t even that the amount of times he had been drugged into unconsciousness since his kidnapping meant that getting some natural sleep wasn’t necessary. The pregnancy induced fatigue had meant that he was pretty much in a permanent state of exhaustion, despite the amount of sedatives forced into his system.
He watched the look in Cas’ eyes shift from sad concerned to touched wonder, lighting up with his words. Seeing the effect his open honesty had on his Angel speared Dean onwards.
Cas leant closer, close enough that they were breathing each other's breaths. But there he paused, allowing Dean a chance to pull away, to reject it or accept it, whatever he chose.
“You don’t have to do this.”
Cas struggled, pushing his head back into the padding of the head rest trying to get as much distance between himself and the drill as possible, his pleas tumbling out of his lips in sheer panic.
“Now imagine how hard it would be if you’d been born colorblind and only recently gained the ability to see them. How then would you know which is yellow?”
Letting his head fall back, Dean breathed in the hot steamy air. Maybe he was overthinking things, but if life had taught him anything it was that if something seemed too good to be true it probably was.
He had only been teasing - mostly. He hadn’t expected Cas to act on it, he honestly hadn’t, but no sooner did Cas have all the access he could possibly need that the concerned angel took full advantage.
Castiel stepped closer, wrapping one arm supportively around the hunter’s torso, but kept silent, knowing his mate wasn’t finished.
"Dean?"
When Dean found Castiel sat in the library, he was staring blankly off into space, in a way Dean wished he didn’t recognize.
(See the end of the chapter for
But that still didn’t explain the lack of reports to Dean. Two in the last hundred years was still twice as many bearers of the mark since Cain had taken it from Lucifer a millennia ago. He was about to voice his thoughts when Cas continued.
“You think I acted differently because we had sex?” Castiel’s tone was soft as a whisper, yet it cut like a hot knife through butter straight to the heart of what Dean was skimming around trying to avoid.
"I shouldn’t need to stress how difficult this was to come by, getting another would be near impossible. Once imbued it cannot be undone or transferred. So this is a one time only deal. Once in. Once out. That's all you get.”
"Okay," he breathed out, a near sigh of relief. Cas' calm reassurance helps to ease the pounding of his heart that he's sure the Angel will be able to hear, because of course he's nervous, he's never done this before. He's going to be fucked for the first time, and by an Angel no less. The whole thing is completely surreal and he was still only half sure it's actually happening and half expecting to wake up any moment.
He pushed the thought aside. He couldn’t get caught up in despair. His baby needed him to rest. He had to knuckle down, even if it wasn’t going to happen, he owed it to the child to try. He would be a better parent than any of the nephilim’s grandparents ever were to their sons.
“Never have I known an Angel as willfully defiant as you,” she told him coldly, the drill she held hovering dangerously close over his defenseless eye. “What you did damaged you. We’re trying to help you, Castiel.”
Castiel stared down at the hunter with wide eyes. Dean’s relaxed breathing became soft purr-like snores seconds later, as he slipped into sleep.
He focused on his breathing, the sound of the wind rushing by, the tranquil sway as Baby sped him towards home. Trying to soak in the soothing vibes and let them gently loll him to sleep... and it may have worked if the sound of Sam’s phone insistently ringing hadn’t disturbed him a little while after.
“We go together, or not at all.” Dean’s glare was just as fiery.
Dean nodded, he already knew that. Cas’ grace had been one of the ingredients in Metatron’s spell that cast all the Angels from Heaven.
Leaning over the littered surface, Cas waited for Sam to finish his latest phone call with as much patience as he could muster. His part of the plan (minus the spell to infuse his grace to the charm) was complete. It made waiting for all the other parts to fall into place all the more frustrating.
Dean rubbed his thumb over Cas’ knuckles, as if the subtle movement could wipe off the look of guilt that sprung up on the Angel’s face. It wasn’t Cas’ fault. He knew that and deep down Cas knew that too. Cas had been misled. He was as much of a victim in the fall as the rest of them. Not that those dicks that Cas called family had seen it that way. They wanted retribution and apparently leaving him human, penniless and alone with only the trench-coat on his back wasn’t penance enough. The Angel had made amends for his mistake. He’d literally been killed for it. As far as Dean was concerned Cas’ dues had been paid, overpaid in fact.
The hunters were scattered all over the country, some days of travel away, even if they could be freed up from their work instantly, which was unlikely. Most changed their contact numbers frequently to avoid brushes with the law, so it was a chase tracking them down in the first place, and those who Sam managed to contact had others that they might be able to enlist. Good for their numbers, but bad for the length of time it was taking to round up a group sizable enough to take on the British.
Dean met his angel’s stare, briefly, before letting the large hammer slide down to the floor to rest against his leg. Dropping his chin to his chest, he fell silent as he hitched up the hem of his shirt.
He's thumbing at a few of the unnecessary volumes when a deep, familiar voice breaks the peaceful silence.
“Neither did you,” Cas shot right back accusingly, causing Dean to open his jaw to defend himself. Only to snap it shut with an audible click, when he realized he didn’t have a leg to stand on.
I'd love to hear people's thoughts so far
Dean avoided the gaze.
His eyes narrowed to a glare as he saw who was looking in at him this time. He hadn’t seen her since he had first arrived, and he would have been happy to have not seen Toni Bevell’s smug face ever again.
“That’s a lot.” Dean sighed out.
Castiel nodded in affirmation, pulling out the punch that housed the precious crystal that was crucial to their plans to rescue Dean from his inner pocket, carefully placing it on the table alongside Sam’s papers.
“Do you regret what happened?” Cas squinted his eyes, making his already soul piercing stare all the more penetrating.
“Oh I don’t know,” Dean breathed, running his hand to the small of the Angel’s back, before dropping lower. “How about something a little less ‘Dumb’ and a lot more ‘Ass’.” He winked.
“I don’t
Of course the deep relaxation may have also been due to his and Cas’s middle of the night activities. Or it may be the embrace that he was wrapped in that made a particular Sarah McLachlan track pop into his head.
The desire to be close to Dean, he'd felt whenever in the hunter's presence, had been there for a long time. Stubbornly growing more apparent as the years went by. At first he hadn't understood what those feelings meant. Any sort of human emotion was new and unheard of for Angels, but losing his grace had shown him with crystal clarity the truth behind them and his night with April had taught him there was more to them than a simple attraction, or need for sexual gratification. Despite Dean's fierce aversion to any kind of talk about his emotion, Castiel had wanted to be honest, explain everything to him and hope that Dean could give him some level of understanding, though it may have been an awkward conversation, especially considering that Castiel was certain that Dean reciprocated those feelings, but had chosen for some unknown reason to ignore them. The next time they had been alone and Dean had asked to talk to him, Castiel had assumed that was it. Finally after years of him not understanding and the hunter dodging around the subject, this was it. But instead Dean had asked him to leave. The pain of rejection Cas had felt in that moment was unbearable and made Castiel reconsider all he thought he had come to believe.
’ - did little to lift his mood.
Dean’s head jolted up from where it had been resting laxly on his fist, propped up on his elbow on the tabletop. He’d only closed his eyes for a second... Or two... He hadn’t nodded off while Sam was talking to him. He hadn’t.
circling his hole. As it had done the night before, everything is happening so damn fast that Dean is getting dizzy trying to keep up. One of these days he’ll get his Angel to slow down...But then again, he rethinks as a finger is slipped tentatively inside and a drawn out moan escapes him, maybe he wouldn't. Cas may be eager, but he was also gentle where needed. Cas is his perfect amalgamation of hot lustful urgency, mixed with careful tender caresses. The way his finger
"Whadda ya think?" Dean asked keenly.
He chose both.
Stay safe all
“Why?” Sam asked, rubbing his chest absently. “What happened?”
As the day had passed, their group had lessened, as each of them started to realize that they were searching in vain.
He watched Cas closely, waiting to see if his angel would reject or accept what he was telling him. Hoping it would be the latter. Cas had held himself accountable for too much, for too long. He’d changed, he’d grown and Dean would tell him so every goddamned day of the rest of his life if he had too, but he hoped that wouldn’t be necessary. He hoped that Cas would give himself the break that Dean knew, deep down to his soul, that his angel deserved.
Castiel wasn’t there.
Dean was out like a shot, before he could make a mess and ruin the leather seats, ignoring Cas’ puzzled call of his name. It was too risky to speak right now. Slamming the door behind him and plonking himself heavily to the ground, using Baby as a shield. Cas didn’t need to see him spew his guts up, not if Dean could help it.
Angel, whose only crime was embracing free will and humanity.
“Are you expecting company?” he asked, listening intently at something Dean’s human hearing was not strong enough to pick up.
“Yes, Dean.”
Again, Sam wanted to argue. Wanted to grab hold of Castiel and shake him till he saw sense. Scream at him that Cas wasn’t responsible. But he held back. Knowing that wouldn’t work. It would get him nowhere. Castiel was too stubbornly set in his guilt ridden blame to see reason. He needed a different approach, one that would get his niece her much needed, only remaining Father.
“And?” Dean asked. “Did you find anything?”
“These bruises.” Cas’ fingers slid in a feather-light touch from Dean’s bicep to shoulder and back again.
Edit: Anyone wondering why this is now a chapter less, it's because I changed the prologue to be included in chapter one. On the plus side, it means the numbers giving match those I've written (which was frustrating me to no end), but on the down side it mean the comments left on the prologue were deleted. Only mentioning it, because I didn't want those who left comments there to think that I deleted them, or I didn't appreciate them. I did and I was sorry to see them go xXx
It was still early evening, but thanks to Dean’s interrupted sleep the night before, Cas had managed to coax his mate into bed without much, if any, trouble. Sam too had taken an early night, as he had forgoed sleep the night before to drive back to the bunker.
Pregnant.
“But that shouldn’t be necessary.” Cas continued, completely missing the tone of near disbelief in Sam’s voice. “At this early stage of development I should be able to end the pregnancy myself.”
“Did you bring it?”
With his eyes fixed on the breathless human below, Cas frees himself of the offending clothing, and goes to retake his position on top of Dean, but the hunter has other ideas. Seizing his opportunity, he surges up, planting his lips to Cas', pushing back against the Angel, making just enough of a gap between them so he could work the buttons of Cas' shirt open.
He hadn’t done anything wrong. He hadn’t misread, hadn’t missed a step or done them out of sequence. He’d done everything as instructed, to the letter. He had his results.
“Never change, Cas. Never change.”
“They sedated me... a lot,” he told him, keeping his tone light and trying to sound as calm and nonchalant as possible, so not to agitate his angel further. “I wasn’t exactly a willing patient.”
He couldn’t dwell on that right now. He would deal with the consequences once Cas was safe. Determined, he brought the cup to his mouth and took a deep chug, finishing the bitter brew quickly and settled down on his back next to Cas. Within moments and with a silent apology and plea for forgiveness, Dean's eyes slipped closed, head lolling to the side.
“You were surprised I didn’t gag, when I don’t eat?” Castiel asked.
Dean’s heart hammered hard in his chest. It didn’t sound like the rejection he had been expecting, far from it, but he didn’t dare hope.
“I know, I know,” Sam said, bobbing his head. “But I just wanted to say that now it’s out in the open, don’t go going all
“It shouldn’t be, I shouldn't...I shouldn’t have been able to... I was told...” he broke off, clearly flustered, struggling to find the right words.
His wild one man demolition continued until the room was just as shattered and torn up as his thoughts were, littered with broken pieces of wood, glass and other debris that had only minutes before been solid furniture and fittings.
The last two weeks of being with Dean had taught Castiel something that the Angel hadn’t suspected. Dean was affectionate. Very affectionate. Dean seemed to practically crave touch, as if he had been starved of it. Whenever they were alone Castiel would find himself being hugged, or caressed, or kissed for no apparent reason. Not that he was complaining, Dean’s embrace had quickly become addictive to the Angel also, and he relished each chance he got to show physical affection towards the hunter he longed for just as fiercely.
“So you will fly again?” Dean asked, a tiny hopeful smile bleeding up onto his lips. Although he hated to fly, in any form, that’s why he drove everywhere...well, that and he fucking loved being behind the wheel of his beloved Impala. But as much as Dean never wanted to have Cas pop him anywhere ever again, knowing that the Angel may one day be able to filled him with a kind of nostalgia.
I'd love to hear everyone's thoughts so far.
“Hello Sam,” The Angel’s voice was voided, sounding empty in a way Sam hadn’t heard since he had first met him. It lacked the fierceness and reverence it had back then, but a similarity could be drawn. Though, before, the somber tone had been due to Castiel’s lack of emotion or rather the inability to express them, not hollow in defense of them. Numbed in his desperation to avoid them. Guarded and closed off to protect himself. The pain of his grief too much for the Angel to bear.
Much love Fam
“What’s wrong?”
Cas seemed startled, but Dean couldn’t fully focus on him right now, he was too busy trying to keep whatever little was left in his stomach down, holding deep breaths. Trying to swallow down the churning nausea, that was making him a little dizzy and slightly blurring his vision.
Castiel nodded his head sadly. “Benjamin wouldn’t call for us without good cause. He was a good fighter, but he cared deeply for his vessel. They were friends. He wouldn’t put her in unnecessary danger.”
As if that was the matter settled, Dean turned to his brother, his whole demeanor brightening. “So, how was the hunt?”
All those years he’d harbored feelings for his Angel, while keeping the truth to himself and effectively friendzoning him. Now understanding how difficult it was for him to interpret human emotion he realized just how misleading his mixed signals must have been for Cas.
At the sound of Sam's voice Dean jerks back, breaking the kiss and shoving Cas away, roughly. Wiping his swollen mouth with his sleeve, his wide guilty eyes track his brother as he enters the room. With his head down, nose in a book, Sam seemed unaware of the scene he had just stumbled in on, while Dean tried to get hold of his breathing and hoped the heat rising over his head wasn't a telltale blush.
He rarely allowed himself to think about Cas the way he truly wanted to, but right at that moment, with the Angel's body pressed in so closely with his own, he indulged, just a little.
Castiel nodded in understanding. Not even a father himself yet and already he understood the lengths one would go to to protect their family. By keeping Dean and their nephilim hidden away in the bunker, shielded from heaven’s sights and protecting them from the laws that would see all three of them dead, he was taking similar actions himself and would expect no less from the hunter turned werewolf.
“That’s the point, Dean, we don’t!” Sam argued
Keeping tight grip above the bullet hole now in his upper left thigh to reduce the blood flow, Sam realized just how wrong he’d been. He had underestimated her and not wanting to make the same mistake twice, he quickly took stock of what little he knew.
Dean found himself in the second crushing shocked hug of the evening, his brother's voice coming in startled relief from over his shoulder. "We thought you were dead."
Keeping his eyes locked closed, Dean forces himself to reply, doing his best to keep his voice steady, "I'm okay," he says, tightening his grip on the others shoulder, desperately trying to keep him in place, hold him still, because the last thing he wants right now is for the Angel to move. Not until his body can adjust to the intrusion it's hotly objecting to, clenching down on Cas uncontrollably. "Just- just hold still a minute."
Staying in Dean’s personal space, Cas backed up ever so slightly, giving Dean some much needed room to breathe. The Angel dropped his head, breaking the stare. “So you believe
Dean gently breached wakefulness, feeling warm, relaxed and pleasantly achy. Memories of the night before echoed behind his eyelids and he refused to open them so he could rewatch the highlights in his own private world - The feeling of fullness, full of Cas, the power behind the Angel's thrusts and the sight of Cas' face over him, eyes tight, lips parted, teeth clenched as the Angel tensed, growling out an inhuman moan from deep in his chest, completely undone, lost in pleasure.
Sam slammed the file close and shoved it harshly across the library table, getting the offending papers as far away from him as possible.
"So I've heard," Dean replied casually, trying to keep his breathlessness from his voice.
Cas didn’t care what his own family thought about them, and here Dean was worried about being judged by a room full of strangers.
“Dean. Somethings wrong.”
Dean's boots clanged noisily as he descended the metal stairs, echoing into the heart of the seemingly desolate bunker. Smiling, he took a moment to appreciate the reality and inhaled a deep lungful. Damn it was good to be back. When he had last left with his body choked to bursting point with stolen souls, a walking, ticking human time bomb on a suicide mission, he hadn't expected to walk back through that door and even the ventilated air smelled amazing.
Waking up to the sight of Cas’ unblinking, non-responsive, staring had filled him with so much dread that even now, hours later from when it happened, he could still feel the remanence of that panic gripping his chest.
...Well, as normal as things could get for a supernatural hunter whose brother was knocked up by an Angel of the lord.
“Yes,” Cas replied, but a darkness clouded his eyes. “But my brothers and sisters will not.”
"I'm okay, man," Dean whispered into Cas' neck softly, laying a soothing hand between the Angel's shoulders, almost able to feel the relief wash through them both. "Bomb wasn't necessary."
“I thought you said that sequel’s were just poorly written cash grabs,” Cas replied, taking the ridiculously sized beverage from Dean so he wasn't struggling.
Castiel slowly placed the paper down, his brow furrowing thoughtfully. Turning his head back towards Dean, his mouth opened to speak. Only to close back up into a pout, “I have no idea,” he admitted.
From the middle of the room, Sam slowly rotated one-eighty, taking in everything that had changed in the few days he had been away. Dean had clearly kept himself busy. Gone was the dated sixties drab decor. The walls were a soft warm cream, complemented by the light from the metallic wall lights. The switches and plug points he had also replaced in silver. The thick plush carpet matched the wall color near perfectly and created a gentle canvas for the dark wooden furniture and black leather rocking chair that sat facing a space that Sam was sure Dean was keeping clear for a crib.
“Dean,” Castiel sighed out sorrowfully, his eyes saddening at the sight of so much anguish troubling his mate’s features. “You’re right. I should have recognized the risks sooner, but having you gone - being parted from you and our child... It was unbearable. I couldn’t think straight. It was only once I knew that you both were safe that I realized the danger.”
“Don’t wanna talk about it, Sammy,” Dean warned, seeing his brothers approach out of the corner of his eye.
Throwing open the trunk, he surveyed the tightly packed interior, his hands fisting on his hips as he let out a tired sounding sigh. It was a lot of stuff to haul in and he was stiff from sitting in the same position for hours. He was exhausted, but the problem was that he had arrived back in that annoying time of the day where it was too early to be up, but not enough time left in the night for sleep to be worthwhile.
“So what
Dean’s nod had a tremble. “He- He’s like catatonic in there.” Both Dean’s hands were fisting his hair, like he was trying to rip it out by the root and Sam pretended not to notice the wetness collecting in his brothers eyes or the way he was biting at his lower lips to try and hide the quiver.
Whatever it had been, it sat heavily in his unsettled stomach, but with one down, one to go, he had nestled himself against the door, Cas’ trench clenched tight in his grip and hoped that maybe his angel’s scent would ease him into a much needed sleep.
“Sam?” Castiel looked up from his own reading, sitting opposite the hunter in the bunker library. He looked just as disgusted by the subject matter than Sam did. “What’s wrong?”
“Not exactly,” Cas shrugged his shoulders, careful to keep the movement slight so not to jossel his chest. “But it was the simplest way to explain.”
He had offered to go with Dean of course, but his offer had been turned down, as he knew it would. That made him feel... he wasn't sure. Rejected? Maybe, but not quite. Though he had come to expect nothing less from the hunter and his self sacrificing nature. But he had wanted to go with him, wanted to be with him for every last possible moment that Dean had left, even though it would mean his own death. Whether that was due to loyalty and a desire to be with Dean so he wouldn't die alone, or not wanting to live in a world without Dean, he couldn't be sure. So he decided it must be an amalgamation of all of them, mixed in with the thinnest shred of hope. Hope that the hunter would find another way. Hope that his Father might be able to spare him somehow. Hope that Dean may live.
“Did they hurt you anywhere else, Dean?” he asked, raising his head to look Dean in the eye.
“No I understand. Family has to come first... Thanks Garth, I appreciate that.” Sam placed down his phone, finding Castiel waiting, eyes fixed on his expectantly. “They went after Garth and his family. He’s had to go into hiding to keep them safe,” Sam explained, “so he won’t be able to come, but he’s gonna make some calls, see if he can find anyone else who’d be willing to help.”
What he pulled out caused his eyes to nearly bug out of their sockets.
“It’s never just one with you,” Sam stated. “Look, I’ve been looking online at diets during pregnancies and yours is far from ideal. You can’t live off just fruit. You need more variety, you especially need proteins.”
Of all the unbelievable things Dean had heard that day, this was almost the hardest for him to believe. His soul could be bright enough to blind? It was ludicrous. There was no way with everything that he’d done that his soul could have the purity that his Angel claimed. People had died because of him. He had blood on his hands. He’d sold that very soul to a demon, been to hell, tortured in hell, he’d held the mark of Cain and succumbed to its influence, murdering innocent and becoming a demon himself. There was no feasible way that his soul could be anything other than a tattered, corrupted mutilated mess. But the way Castiel speaks about it, in complete honest awe, Dean knows it would be fruitless to argue with him. Beauty truly was in the eye of the beholder he supposed.
Rowena leaned closer, placing a troubled hand on his forearm. She kept her voice low, but seeped in worry as she fixed the angel with a pointed look. “Just promise me, that if this has anything to do with that twisted brother of yours, he will never know that it was me you got it from.”
There’s lips peppering kisses down his chest and cool slicked fingers
Under Cas’ gaze, and hearing the words he didn’t realize he needed so badly to hear until he heard them, Dean melted. His anger, fear and uncertainty washing out of him like sand from an hourglass. His angel understood, with only the merely mentioned concerns uttered through angered accusation Cas got all that he had barely managed to come to grips with himself. Cas saw through his protective walls right to the heart of the matter. Dean wasn’t angry, he was deathly scared. Not that he would ever show it, not fully. But with Cas he didn’t need to. His angel understood.
His ultrasound photograph.
Sam huffed. “I was saying that word from Garth is that the British have contacted more Hunters. Four in the last two days.”
No sooner was the lip freed that a long drawn out moan escaped the hunter, and reassured, Castiel gave a few more pushes in and out of Dean's opening hole, before gingerly adding his index finger also. Curling his fingers, aiming for the little bundle of nerves he knew was within.
Again Cas’ head shook. “He was screaming... and it ended abruptly.”
He couldn’t find anything.
But as his lips met skin, Cas turned. It was a tiny movement, a subtle shift, but caused Dean to miss his intended target. Stubble lightly grazes across his lips, before... For the second time since he had gotten back to the bunker, Dean was stunned into silence, not that he wanted to speak at the moment, his mouth was far too occupied with something far more enjoyable, but even if he did he knew he wouldn't be able to think of a single thing to say. He freezes, shocked into complete motionlessness, mind flung out to the stratosphere, leaving behind only one realization.
Dean tugged on Cas’ hand, pulling the Angel closer to plant a quick kiss on his temple and on a spare of the moment decision took a detour from their original path. It was not a direct route, but pie and part three of the date could wait a little longer if this was making his Angel happy.
“You’re not sick,” Cas repeated, deathly serious, eyes glued ahead, refusing to glance Dean’s way. “...You’re pregnant.”
Castiel leaned over his unconscious mate, steadying himself for what had to be done. He may not know exactly how he had gotten Dean into this condition, but somehow he had and he wasn’t going to let him stay this way. He would do anything it took to spare the human.
“Yeah, well, he should be.”
“I promised I would only go to Heaven as a last resort,” Castiel clarified, running his palms over Dean’s shaking shoulders, while he hoped the sobbing was a side effect of the hormones plaguing his mate’s system and Dean was not actually this upset with the idea of Castiel leaving. Though the thought did make Castiel himself feel like his vessel had just shrunk in size. “Meeting with them gives me the chance to possibly find out how Akobel’s mate was saved
“What happened?” Sam asked, deliberately directing his question to Cas, as it was clear the Angel was going to be the more forthcoming of the two of them. He winced as Dean hit something hard at the end of the knife and started the process of trying to hook it out of his brother's leg.
Castiel rolled his eyes to the ceiling, “A term they use only out of jealousy, Dean. You should pay it no attention,” he sighed out, sounding like he was just as insulted by the term his family had thrown at Dean often enough, despite what he was saying.
“Sam thinks it was Amara,” Dean said mostly tonelessly, but with a hint of hope. Maybe neither of them were to blame. Maybe they were just unsuspecting pawns in the dark gods plans.
Dean doesn't know how long it is, but eventually when his senses come back to him the air feels heavy and rippling with static. Cas had collapsed on top of him where his arms had finally given out. He was heavier than he looks, but it was a pleasant weight with their chest pressed so close together that Dean can feel Cas' every pounding heartbeat battling against his own.
Castiel didn't understand why. It was all too powerful, too overwhelming, too new. A muddled chaos, so confusing and required much deeper thought to process.
“And that’s a good thing?” Cas questioned, ducking into the door that Dean held open for him.
Dean screwed his eyes tight, swallowing a silent growl in expectation for the pain as he stretched open around Cas' girth.
“I know you didn’t, Cas,” Sam lets out sincerely, relocating his hand from holding Castiel back to giving him a supportive squeeze on the shoulder. The grasp does little to relieve the Angel’s soberingly mournful expression, but Sam tries anyway. Because he believes the Angel. Castiel is just as alarmed as Dean himself. Maybe even more so. The Angel looked like he was one slip away from going into shock. In his distraught state Dean won’t see it, or is unable to, which is understandable given the amount that must be going through his mind. “...And deep down Dean does too, you just have to give him the chance to realize that for himself.”
Sam pinched his lips together, to silence the chuckle as the image of his brother needing the angel’s help in order to carry out his threat, lodged itself in his mind.
But that left Dean with a bigger dilemma, because every relationship he had ever had, had gone to crap at some point. The hunter life just didn’t include a white picket fence and roses ’round the door. Domesticity and ganking demons didn't mix. You can’t go for a moonlit stroll with your honey when you know what goes bump in the night. One night stands, booty calls and quick flings were the only option Dean believed he’d ever have.
Baby?
Dismissively, Dean turned away, but Sam was right, and he knew it. Thanks to the doctor’s overzealous sedatives and forced feeding, he had no idea when he had last eaten, or slept properly, yet it wasn’t ‘til his brother had mentioned it that he noticed just how hungry and tired he felt.
With a soft sigh, Dean let himself drift off into slumber. That didn't sound so creepy anymore.
“This baby is going to be here before we know it,” Dean continued, “and this place is nowhere close to child friendly. I can’t sit around catching up with the adventures of Walter White and Jesse when there’s so much still to do.”
Jody had been the last to go, having to get back to the girls, but not before she had firmly demanded that Sam promise to take care of his brother because, in her words, Dean looked like shit. Sam couldn’t disagree.
Dean nodded in silent understanding. He knew precisely how it felt to strive to be the perfect son, only to feel less valued than the younger. It had been the story of his life up until a few years ago. Protect Sammy, that had been his mission, but no one had been there to protect him. It would have been so easy to take out his anger at the unfair situation that he had been forced into and snap at Sam, and a few times in his youth he had. But Cas had never turned against mankind, or on his Father. He had rebelled against Heaven only when forced to choose between his family and humanity. Dean specifically. It only reminded Dean of just how much Cas had already sacrificed for the man he hadn’t realized he loved at the time.
Dean wasn’t looking, but he still caught Cas’ confused frown out of the corner of his eye.
“You mean you...?” He couldn’t finish. Didn’t know how to. All endings seemed impossible.
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, not anymore, Dean had firmly decided. He was determined to make that right and tip that scale to the more pleasant end. He would never deserve Cas even if he lived for a million years, but he could at least try, right? So, that’s what he was going to do. Try and right the wrongs and tonight he had a plan.
Sam’s eyebrows twitched in question, but he remained quiet, waiting for Dean to explain.
As always any thoughts an opinions are highly encouraged. Thanks in advance. SGsVamp xXx
“-Let me guess,” Toni interrupted, sounding thoroughly unimpressed and bored, “You’ll torture me.”
He needed something to get his brother and the Angel on board with this. Needed a way to give them both some confidence in him, even if he didn’t really feel it himself. He didn’t want to fight them both on this and things would be easier if they were all on the same page.
A spell or curse would be the better option of the two. As much as he hated seeing Cas like this, chances are if this was some kind of spell or hex it could be broken, but if Cas was ‘reset’... Losing Cas that way, the Angel forgetting all that made him unique and special, that would be so much worse. So cruel for Dean to get what he needed most only to have it snatched away straight after...
Dean’s tone isn’t calm but it isn’t the explosion that Sam feared, so he pushed further. “Come on, Dean. You really think Cas would do this to you intentionally?”
“-Both myself and the Nephilim will be killed,” Cas finished.
But it doesn't come. There's a burn with the stretch, but it's a bright heat, highlighting Cas' movements as he inches in fractionally further with every carefully restrained thrust, punctuated with soft gasps falling from his lips and tight spasming beyond his control. Cas' fingers had felt good, but it's nothing -
Castiel nodded slowly, brow pinched in, telling Dean his Angel was deep in thought once again, considering the possibility and not looking at all convinced.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam had been busy since he had left, following through on the hunters side of their preparations. Lists of names and various contact information dotted the surface, most in Sam’s or Dean’s handwriting, but John Winchester’s diary was also laid open on a page depicting similar lists of names and numbers.
“Alright, Cas. Let her go.” Dean ordered softly.
His evenings were spent with Cas snuggled in their nest, the laptop propped open between them while Dean went through his favorites to broaden his angel’s pop culture knowledge. He did not want another Officer and a Gentleman incident. He now had ‘Back to the Future’ and it’s sequels under his belt. As Dean had correctly assumed on their date, Cas had made a connection to what had happened years back, but at least now he understood that reference. And happily for Dean, many others.
‘That we never got as kids’ Dean added in his head. Things he had convinced himself his whole life that he didn't really want, because he knew he couldn't have them.
“For any hint of how this could have happened, yes.”
“Alright then,” Dean double slapped the tabletop. As he snatched up the kit he had used to patch up Sam, Castiel stripped off his outer layers and perched himself on the edge of the table without hesitation, silently accepting the help without comment or complaint. Castiel leaned back, looking up with trusting eyes, as Dean nudged his knees apart with his hip, moving between them to get a closer look.
Dean scoffed, turning away. “He didn’t even warn me, Sammy,” he said through a clenched jaw. “Not one fucking word about it!”
had them on their feet and hurrying out of the library in the direction the noise had come from, rushing to find its source through the maze of passageways.
“You’ve seen what Angels can do to the human body, Dean,” Castiel said and Dean nodded along pointlessly. He’d seen them heal all sorts of injuries, remove organs, give diseases, make them fall asleep, some without even needing to touch the human. What could Cas do while literally inside of Dean?
The weight in Dean’s stomach dropped all the way down to his feet. “You said goin’ to the angels would be a last resort,” he choked out, his eyes filling and spilling over.
Dean chuckled, his Angel wasn’t letting the subject drop easily. “You know what...” Dean mused sleepily, his eyes remaining closed as he started to drift off to slumberland. “You call it whatever you want, Baby.”
The weight pressing down on him, the scent of Dean's skin and the sensation of his steady breaths against Castiel's chest was soothing for the Angel. But then, having Dean close had always felt like it was a safe zone. He petted Dean's hair away from his face in slow short strokes and started to try and process the tangled mess of powerful emotions that he, as an Angel, was not meant to experience and was not used to. It was so easy to get confused and this day had seen a barrage of emotion with such intensity that Castiel was completely overwhelmed.
“Mercy, Brother please!” Even doused in pain, Dean recognized his Angel’s voice instantly.
“I want it all, Cas,” he said softly, cupping round the back of his Angel’s neck and gently pulling him closer ‘til their foreheads rested together. “Like you said; I want all of it... with you.”
Sam watched the decision play across Castiel’s features. The Angel rocking back and forth in desperate confusion, drawn between his need to go after the enraged hunter and doing as the younger brother suggests. It's obvious Castiel wants to stay close, the Angel looks physically pained by the sight of Dean walking away while so distressed.
The mixed sensations are too much to handle.
“Is that supposed to scare me?” she scoffed dryly, rolling her eyes. “Please. Your pet Angel can’t do anything-”
“This is how I see emotions, Dean.” Cas stated, as he started pouring the paints randomly onto the bench top, working quickly as he spoke. “Angels aren’t meant to feel. Any we do we have to repress. So I have very little experience in coping with them openly. It’s been insanely confusing at times. Visualizing them as colors has helped me.” When they were all emptied, Cas pressed his palm into the mess and swirled it round.
“So the dream root worked?” Sam asked, his eyes squinted close, jaw tensed against the pain.
The brothers met each other's glances, nodding in unison. “Dungeon.”
He turned away in disgust. Even without morning sickness the look of his brother’s ‘breakfast’ would have turned his stomach. Not to mention that the pair of them being so engrossed over paperwork was just plain wrong. No one should be that eager to do research, not ever, regardless of the subject matter. It just wasn’t natural.
As if he had a choice.
Dean’s throat bobs as he swallows nervously. He’d never told anyone what he was about to tell his Angel. Never had the desire to, but with Cas he realized that for once he was holding a full house. He doesn’t have to bluff or play safe, he can lay all his cards face up on the table and go all in.
Complete rage flashes through the hunter. The urge to smash the tormentor’s face in, ram his teeth down his throat till his crapping cavities. Cas was clearly driven rabid with the curse, muted in struggle, taking away his last defense and instead of helping one of their own they threatened to cut his dick off. Fuck!
“But there were others before that,” Cas continued. “For a time I was part of a garrison whose duties included the seeking out and ending of any nephilim and their sires.”
“Wait.” Sam said gently, reaching out to catch hold of Castiel’s wrist. The younger brother’s voice was almost hesitant, but the grip on Cas’ wrist strong enough to pause the Angel, who looked up at him with questioning eyes.
The restaurant Dean had chosen for Castiel’s first ever date was bright and busy, bursting with life and color. The walls were adorned with memorabilia, staying just shy of looking cluttered. Instead giving it a warm and inviting feel. The wait staff hurried about wearing vibrant uniforms and friendly smiles to the sound of old rock buzzing in the background.
Blinking quickly, Dean tried to clear the reeling in his mind and focus on what Cas was saying. “Wha’?”
“You were Heaven’s puppet,” Dean continued, his grip getting a little tighter. “They were pulling your strings. Asking you to jump and you didn’t even have the option of asking ‘how high’... But, Cas-” Dean pulled back so he could see his angel’s face, so he could know his words were getting through to him. He’d said it all before, but he needed to know this message was driven home. “You’re not that guy anymore. You know your own mind now. You got a conscience. You feel... You found your free will, Baby.”
The bar he was being forced to wait in was a little run-down, but was busy. Lots of people gathered in small groups of two or three, a few propped up the bar drinking solo. A low rumble of intertwined conversations that drowned out over the melody that was playing slightly out of sinc from the singer on the television high behind the bar. Despite the noise people mostly were going about their own business, keeping to themselves and leaving him alone. Castiel was grateful for the peace. Human interaction would only serve to distract him from his thoughts right now, and as troublesome as his thoughts were at present he could not bear to lose focus on them. He couldn’t risk missing a prayer from Dean.
So that left him with only the second option, a Terminator double bill. The first had already finished, but they were in time to catch Judgement Day.
“You hang on in there little guy, okay?" Dean's voice cracked as he spoke, whispering softly with his head bowed as he petted his palm across his stomach. "We'll get out of this. They won't leave us here. Your Uncle... he’s the best hunter I know, so smart and resourceful. If there’s a way he’ll find it, and if not he’ll damn well figure one out. And your Father,” Dean let out a single laugh through his nose, “let’s just say, getting me out of hell is something he’s familiar with... So don’t you worry little guy, huh?”
His stomach grumbled impatiently at his indecision.
Of course this was going to be utterly shocking, even with everything they’d seen in their lives, Dean becoming pregnant would not be something either of them would have imagined in their wildest dreams or most fucked up nightmares. It just didn’t happen and yet somehow it had.
“Cas?”
“We can do that,” Dean promised. “But I wanna try something first.”
His Angel’s smile turned quickly to laughter, before it was smothered with more kisses, until all that could be heard was the sound of their lips smacking slow and gently over each others.
“They’re really not taking the hint.”
Due to his morning sickness, Dean hadn’t been in the best shape before he’d been kidnapped, and by the look of him the last two weeks hadn’t made him any better. He had definitely dropped a few pounds in weight and the bags under his eyes were threatening to become suitcases. But it was the  mental strain that Sam was most concerned with.
Cas needed to look after him, and as much as Dean didn’t want to be coddled, he wasn’t going to deny that to Cas. So instead of protesting, he flopped onto his back in an overly dramatic fashion. “You wanna kiss ‘em better?” he teased sarcastically.
echoed throughout the bunker, grabbing the attention of them both. At first they glanced at each other in confusion, until a second
Sam pulled one of his many bitch faces and sighed. “Just hear him out, okay?”
“Dean?”
“-don’t. You said - You said you weren’t going and that’s the end of it!”
“I don’t know,” Cas said looking desperately honest. “It shouldn’t have.”
“What is it?” he asked with knowing curiosity.
“What can I get ya?”
After a more successful second attempt, Cas left. Chuckling and shaking his head lightly, Dean eased himself up and faced the first problem of his day.
Reluctantly Cas pulled his hips back, parting them. Dean grumbled sleepily, not needing actual words to convey his displeasure with his Angel’s choice of actions. But his grump shifted to a sated sigh as Cas pressed against his chest, bringing the hunter closer and nuzzling into the back of his neck lovingly.
Pregnant.
"What are ya waitin' for Cas?" Dean breathes against his shoulder, interrupting Cas' inner debate, "A written invitation?"
“If you want me awake long enough to eat anything at all, you better back off the joe, alright? Back me up Cas,” Dean said, giving the angel a nudge with his elbow.
Dean huffed in annoyance and leant over, fishing out the phone from where Sam had evidently dropped it under his seat, but before he could hand it over, he caught the caller's name lighting up the screen.
Dean hid things well, but he was too expressional to hide them completely, even without being able to sense it Castiel would have seen the apprehension that had been plaguing Dean on and off throughout the course of the day, from the moment the hunter had walked into Castiel’s memory. “Hello Dean.”
Dean narrowed his eyes at his brother. “Unless you’ve been looking at ‘what to expect when you’re expecting a nephilim .com’ they don’t know shit.”
Whatever the angel had been about to say was lost, as a loud
I know, I know, another evilly placed cliffhanger.
Dean wouldn't have thought it was possible, but Cas' grip tightened further still, like he didn't want the embrace to end anytime soon. Keeping their chests pressed tight together with only the multiple layers of their combined clothing (which Dean was currently cursing) separating them. He'd love to just lose those shirts and feel Cas' skin, warm and smooth against his own. Run his hands over the Angel's bare back, finally know what's been hiding under that trench and suit all theses years and feel every inch of -
Feeling like everyone in the restaurant suddenly had their eyes on them, Dean waited on baited breath, his gaze locked on their joined hands, hearing his own pulse loud in his ear. Tentatively, he brushed his thumb over Cas’ knuckles, taking one more baby step into the testing of the waters. Waiting for some douchebag to make a comment or toss a crude insult their way.
“Please! Don’t,” Cas begged through a wavering exhale, at the same time Dean screamed “NO!” and trying to charge forwards on legs that felt like jelly. He already knew it was pointless, already knew this wasn’t real, there was nothing he could do to change what he was seeing, but unable to stop himself.
"You okay there?" Dean can't help but ask, a cheeky smile playing on his lips because he already knows the answer, even before Cas replied with a quick nod, like he can't form words around his panting breaths, wafting over Dean's overheated skin.
“We were concerned,” Sam said in agreement, glancing over at his older brother’s face pulled in with concentration, and remembering the total panicked look Dean had been sporting only that morning.
They had learnt a lot about Dean’s pregnancy from Doctor Silverman’s notes. They had already known beforehand that nephilim grew at their own pace, but now knew that that pace was a far quicker one than any of them had anticipated. Only twenty-three weeks, rather than the standard forty. They had also known that the nephilim pregnancy had caused Dean to grow a womb, but they now knew that that womb was located attached to Dean’s colon and also had a placenta and a cervix - the latter of which they had deliberately neglected to mention to the older Winchester.
He woke to a complaining bladder as a melted T-1000 was reforming on the screen. Cursing the bucket sized soda the theatre served, that he had been the only one drinking, Dean pecked his Angel on the cheek before excusing himself. Returning a few minutes later to find Cas hadn’t moved a muscle, completely glued to the movie.
The times he woke in this cell were a reprieve, a break, but one he knew wouldn’t last. Soon he would be back on that table for whatever the Doctor had thought up next.
Cas was frowning at Dean like he was a complex puzzle the Angel was trying to solve and Dean’s heart suddenly skipped a beat as he realized his slip up. Castiel had been alone when he had retaken his grace and gotten his wings back. He’d never told anyone how torn up and frail they were. Dean only knew because he had seen them in his uninvited trip into Cas’ memories. Something he had sworn he would never talk about.
“Cas!” Dean forced out in a hushed whisper, his eyes widening in dread, as the Angel stepped out from their hiding place, striding purposefully towards the woman. “Wait! Dammit!”
Castiel chuckled. “As did I, Dean. At least in the beginning.” Since his revelation in the movie theatre Dean had been adamant on proving that the Angel and Terminator were nothing alike. So much so that he was misunderstanding that Castiel was actually finding the notion of sharing similarities with the fictional cyborg somewhat comforting.
SGsVamp xXx
Dean melted into the kiss. His hands coming up automatically to pull Cas closer still, hold him against his chest, feeling that weight that he had the night before, still unable to believe that it was all real. It was really happening.
Dean hadn’t mentioned anything about either his or their nephilims wellbeing. Dean was closed off, which, knowing Dean’s nature, told Castiel one thing.
As much as he didn’t want to admit it, Dean knew the reason behind his inability to drift off to dreamland, or believed he did at least. Maybe it was the pregnancy making him needy. Maybe it was that Cas had spoiled him since they had gotten together. Always staying close while Dean had slumbered, despite the angel having no need for sleep himself.
She glared daggers at the pair of them as Dean shoulders himself into her personal space, getting in her face. “So, Julie Andrews, let's start at the very beginning.”
Sam’s lips became a thin line as he refrained from bitchfacing and kept silent. There was little point in repeating that as an angel, Castiel should have survived the explosion, or that it had been the only option they had to get Dean out. And he certainly wasn’t going to mention that once they had the charm Castiel wouldn’t take no for an answer. Dean already knew all of this, Sam had already told him, multiple times, but Dean just wasn’t going to accept it. He wasn’t accepting any of it.
With a coyly relieved smile, Castiel did just as asked, sending the hunter into another near spasm. Gauging his movements with intense cautiousness, Cas alternated between working open the tight muscle, willing it to relax more and tweaking the bundle of nerves that seemed to be driving Dean wild. The pleasured moans being pulled out of the hunter with every push into his body were encouraging and blessed to hear, but made his insides jump and taxed his control. Yet, he refused to give in to the desire that urged him onwards. He would go slow, as Dean had asked, and make sure he was ready, he wouldn't be ruled by basic lust.
The Angel that had returned Dean from Hell all those years before had stood by the fire with an expression so hollow that Sam had almost been waiting for him to climb into the flames and join his lover in death. Because this time there was no soul left to save. Dean was truly gone and there was no Angel, Reaper or crossroads deal that could change that.
He needed to vent out his fear and clear his head. It had been a day filled with a roller-coaster of emotion; fear, relief, dread, horror, panic, hopelessness, grief, guilt, relief again. The unexpected twists and ups and down were sure to make his head spin. And like usual, when Dean emotions were too raw for him to handle, he favored towards anger.
Cas gave him a bashful grin. "I'll clear it up. You should sleep, you're exhausted."
“Dean?”
Castiel couldn’t reply. He was having to focus solely on what he was hearing. Making sure he didn’t miss a single word. When the voice abruptly silenced and he blinked opened his eyes, Dean was leaning into him, a deeply troubled and panicked look dominating his handsome features.
“You look like you could use the good stuff.” The bartender was back, interrupting his broadening to place a tumbler half full of amber liquid on a napkin in front of him. Her smile seemed more genuine and laced with sympathy, though she didn’t linger before leaving him alone once more.
“Blowjob seems like a very crass expression for such an intimate act,” Castiel broke the silence moments later.
A smile tugged up his lip, as he reached out, blindly searching for his Angel.
But he couldn’t and didn’t want to think about that now, there were far more pressing matters to address. Like what did this all mean for him? How could it have happened? Cas had said that it made no difference that he was a male, but surely the baby would need certain girl parts to live and holy fuck he hadn’t even thought about how the kid was supposed to be born!
“Ask Mr ‘Can’t keep his grace in his pants’ here!” Dean snapped, stomping past his brother into the library with purposeful strides. He was too angry to explain, too angry to talk, too angry to do anything. He headed straight for the bottle, one thought in mind.
“Then explain it to me!” Sam snapped, sleep deprived from caring for an infant, solo, reducing the fuse of his temper to practically zero. “Tell me why you’re letting your daughter grow up without either of her Fathers.”
Love SGsVamp xXx
“Are you done?” Castiel repeated, nodded downwards towards Dean’s hand.
Castiel hurried away, as Dean checked her over. She was still breathing, but there was a bruise already forming where the Angel’s fist had collided with her temple. Cas hadn't been fucking around. He could have made her fall asleep with a simple touch, instead he had chosen to knock her out with a solid right hook. His Angel was pissed! He patted her down, searching for any more weapons she could have concealed about her person.
When Sam didn’t object further Castiel turned his head away from him and back to Dean, still out cold. He didn’t want to do this against Dean’s wishes, he really didn’t, but he knew so surely that the hunter would never consent to putting his life before another. But to Cas no life was worth more than the unconscious human laying before him. And at this moment what was growing inside Dean was little more than a cluster of cells. To never be born was vastly different to being killed. If he acted quick enough Dean’s life could be spared.
He could barely process anything. All consumed by an openness and vulnerability he had never experienced, but damn did it feel good. Every sensation focused on that one area, making him hyper aware of every slightest movement the Angel made. Every slow controlled push, every twist flared his sensitivity and he fisted the sheets in a vain attempt to stay on Earth, while biting his lip to stifle his wanton moans. Nothing he had experienced felt like this. He had expected it to be embarrassing and uncomfortable, and to a degree it was, but that was overshadowed by an overwhelming heat that was building rapidly in the pit of his stomach sending sensations straight to his expanding member laying heavily on his tensed stomach.
“You could have come to me,” Dean offered gently, pausing briefly to catch Cas’ eye.
Castiel thought for a while, watching Dean’s knife work into his shoulder. Strong, rough hands wielding a weapon moving so delicately. His beautiful hunter was rarely what he first seemed. The Seraph had no doubt that Dean would be able to help, the struggle was finding the most accurate description for the hunter to understand. He had chosen colors for this precise reason. He didn’t have the words.
Oh god, what were people gonna say? The hunting community was mostly based on masculinity and strength. Even the women weren’t girly. They were tough flannel wearing, beer swilling one of the guys. He’d been worrying about what they would think when they found out that Dean wasn’t as hetro as he’d made out, but this was so much worse. This wasn’t that he liked dick, this was he’d taken dick to the point of getting knocked up. Those who didn’t have a problem with Dean being with a dude may have a problem with Cas not being human. And Dean becoming pregnant would only highlight just how non-human the Angel was, despite outside appearances.
“I don’t. I- ” the Angel gasped out in mournful denial. Castiel’s head dropped, a sob catching in his throat as he forced the last few words out. “When I look at her, all I see is myself... I don’t want to look at my daughter and see the face of Dean’s killer staring back at me.”
“Serious Dude, Die-a-beat-teas!”
Now, with those long lashes resting peacefully against Cas’ cheeks, Dean could imagine he was sleeping, dreaming of their one and only perfect night together. Dean knew that wasn’t the case, but for a brief second he let himself believe it. Before he had to face the truth and let go of his long coveted Angel to save him.
Dean’s grip on the phone tightened. “What?”
His head forces back into the pillow, back arching off the bed, pressing his cock tight to Cas tensed stomach. He screams, vision gone. He loses his grip on reality as his orgasm rips through him. The last thing he feels is Cas pushing tight into him one last time, pulsing so deeply, as the Angel's cry merged with his own.
“Are you comin’ or not?”
The next door Dean tried was no better.
Sam was pacing a grove in the war room floor when Castiel got back to the bunker. His phone pressed tight to his ear as he listened intently, but he looked up as the angel entered, mouthing “did you get it?” silently, as Castiel trudged down the staircase, heavily surveying the evidence of Sam’s manhunt strewn over the table.
He hurried on. Door after door, nightmare after nightmare, calling out desperately for his Angel.
I just wanted to quickly thank everyone for their words of encouragement, patients waiting for the next chapter and also to remind everyone that although this story is packed full of angst, I do promise there really is a happy ending, as hard as that may seem at times.
Dean remembers Jessie, the little boy born half Demon. Heaven had wanted the kid dead and Cas had barely hesitated. Probably would have succeeded too if the boy hadn’t gotten the upper hand on the Angel first.
“One cup isn’t going to hurt,” Dean objected dismissively, tossing a large lump of pineapple into his mouth.
With a soft, reluctant sounding sigh, Cas pulled back fractionally. “Can I?” he asked softly, his hand gesturing downwards towards Dean’s midsection.
Swallowing, Dean willed himself to not be distracted by the miles of smooth skin and toned muscles displayed openly before him. Forcing his eyes to stay focused instead on the three small wounds, one near his left shoulder, the other two unevenly placed on either side of his Angel’s heart, where the bullets were still embedded.
Sam was right, caffeine would not be good for Dean at that time. While a single small cup may not be necessarily harmful, Dean would gain nothing beneficial from it and the drug may have served to upset his already far too sensitive stomach.
Yet the hunter would awkwardly shy away, denying himself, whenever in the presence of anyone else, looking uncomfortable in his own skin, but  Castiel felt it every time Dean brushed himself against him in a seemingly unintentional way. It saddened the Angel to know that Dean was robbing himself of what he truly wanted because he was raised to believe that it was a sign of weakness or would make him less of a man in the eyes of his long dead Father. If the Angel ever made it back up to heaven he may just seek out the soul and enlighten him to the damage his dogmatic intolerance had caused in his loving son.
It wasn't Angelic. It was only Cas.
But he let it slide as Cas pulled in a sharp breath and continued determinedly. He can ask later. When he’s got the most important answer that he needs right now.
“Alright! Alright!” Bevell shouted, “I’ll talk.”
“Everything should be in there.” He waved his hand dismissively in the general direction of where Cas’ trench had been tossed the night before.
“Well, not to go all Doctor Phil on ya,” Dean replied. He was already playing surgeon, why not add shrink to the mix as well. “But I’ve got some experience in human emotions. So, hit me. What’d it feel like?”
“There was a girl, Cas,” Dean explained, hoping it would be explanation enough. “I don’t know how he knew, whether he was watching me or had someone reporting to him. I wouldn’t put either past him. But he knew and once he was satisfied that his son wasn’t a faggot anymore he came for me. If it wasn’t for Sammy I wouldn’t have left. He never said anything. We never spoke about it. Ever... but I knew. I knew...”
“Glad I could help,” Dean replied dismissively, a touch of a blush showing up even in the darkness of the night. “Hold up. Is that why you always stare at me like that?”
Dean glanced around at the other dozen or so bags and boxes that littered the floor. ‘A little’ was an understatement.
Dean’s eyes flashed briefly up to his brothers, before returning. He knew that Sam was grasping at any subject as a distraction, and he would want to know what happened, but Dean really, really didn’t want to think about all the fucked up things he had seen in his stroll down angelic Elm Street, much less talk about it. Especially not now when he needed to focus.
Boyfriend. Dean’s stomach somersaulted, unsure what caused the reaction more. That Sam had just used that term so casually, or the fact that Dean didn’t want to object to it. Helpless to stop his lips turn upwards, without even realizing they had.
In the ten days, eighteen hours and twenty-seven minutes since he had discovered Dean had been taken, Castiel’s uneasy feeling (that had mostly vanished when they got back to the bunker and he had assumed his mate), had returned intermittently. Growing from an irritating mosquito bite, steadily worsening the longer he was parted and had now grown to unignorable levels and plagued his near every thought.
“One fly in your logic Sammy,” Dean replied grumpily, turning his eyes up to his brother. “No guy needs to be pregnant.”
He was nearly at the rooms Dean had been converting when he heard his brother’s raised voice.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment, because dammit Cas was right. Amara hadn’t conjured artificial feelings, she had only brought to the surface ones that both of them had repressed, for years.
not the one you should use as an example. I’m so messed up my issues have issues.” He started counting them off on his fingers. “I got trust issues, abandonment issues... Hell, I even got Daddy issues that should have seen me on the pole. I’m a psychiatrist's wet dream.”
His eyes slide languidly open, unveiling that impossible blue and Dean's immediately drawn in. He's been lost in Cas' gaze so many times before, but never like this. It's never been so exposeingly intimate and he'd never seen lust reflected back in dilated pupils. He keeps his gaze locked, as he slides his hands down, smoothing palms over the firm, soft skin, until he reaches the Angel's waist. Slowly, he works open Cas' belt, dropping lower to slide down the fly. Cas' arms are tense, holding up the Angel's weight, but the soft sigh he lets out encourages Dean onwards. Cas is already hard when he slips his hand in. Lightly grasping him round the base draws a staggered gasp from the Angel's mouth. Sliding effortlessly over the hard length, it doesn't take more than a few pumps for Cas' hips to start instinctively thrusting into his fist. But shortly after, Cas seems to lose patients, or needs more closeness, whatever the reason, the results are the same. He dives down, one hand grasping at Dean's hip and the other sliding up underneath and between Dean’s shoulder blades, crushing their bodies flush together and Dean had to wriggle his hand out before it got trapped in between them. The Angel's hips still in motion now grinding down against Dean's own erection. His lips clamp to Dean's own, swallowing the hunters gasp.
While the two opposite him spoke, Sam kept his head down, studying the documents laid out before him. Although he was hanging on every word said and not actually reading anything. He didn’t need to chime in with his own questions or opinions and didn’t want either to think that he was interfering with what was obviously a delicate subject for the couple.
Dean fought to hide the shiver that ran through his body as all the blood in his veins seemed to turn to ice. He didn’t want to believe what he was hearing. The British Men of Letters were dicks that much was apparent right from the beginning, but this was something else entirely. This wasn’t not being able to recognize that it was as possible to have good monsters as it was to have bad people. This was murdering good people simply because they refused to be controlled.
He swung his legs over the edge of the metal cot with the lumpy thin mattress and padded to the facilities to empty his protesting bladder. A pointedly placed sample cup stared up at him from on top of the system. Reluctantly he snatched it up, popped off the lid and filled it as he relieved himself. He hated that he was complying, but after he refused to give the first sample it had been taken via a catheter. Since then he had taken the opportunity to give it himself whenever it presented itself. He’d had that probe up his butt often enough, the least he could do was prevent his dick from getting put through the same treatment.
He swallowed thickly, needing the moment to process what he’s still only half sure he actually heard. “Is that what you want Cas?”
“That’s ours,” Dean confirmed, jumping up to quickly take their food from the waitress with the perfect timing.
“You dumbed it down for me?” Dean’s eyes flicked up brief enough to catch the start of an amused grin pull on Cas’ lips.
With a quick nod Cas did as was asked and hurried off. Dean looped the belt high on his brother’s leg, pressing the loose end into Sam’s hand. “Hold that. Keep it tight.”
All the younger brother wanted to do was have a shower and get out of his blood coated jeans, that were starting to dry and catch on the hairs on his leg, yanking at them with each movement, but first there were things that needed to be done.
As always please let me know your thoughts. Your insights really do help me, keep me focused and on carrying on
Cas’ eyes flitted open and raised up to meet Dean’s. A broad grin blooming on his face. “He’s perfect, Dean...He’s - He’s grown.”
not going to touch you. I’m not gonna lay a single finger on you...” Dean jerked his head over to the doorway, drawing her attention to where Cas stood, partly covered by shadow and going completely unnoticed until Dean pointed him out. “But he is.”
This was completely new and uncharted territory for him and Dean could see all the uncertainty reflected in those deep, unfocused eyes, hooded into slits. Cas was gone, barely holding on. He could feel it in the tremble washing through the Angel's entire body, the faltering grip on his hip.
“Precisely,” Castiel agreed with a soft sigh. He wouldn’t have worded it so blasély, given the circumstances, but Dean wasn’t entirely incorrect with his simplification. “The group of us that were called too, and Benjamin himself, were the ones who were sent to execute Akobel and his nephilim.”
“Damn!” Dean panted, trying to get back control of his breathing, his post orgasm grin was too wide and thrown at the ceiling. “You’re too good at that.”
“Of course not,” Cas objected, his brow closing in a hurt ‘you really think I would do that?’ look. With a sigh his tone softened greatly, “I didn’t tell you any of this because it wasn’t a risk. I would never have asked for a ‘yes’ and even if you gave one I wouldn’t allow it to happen anyway.”
“Why not?” the hunter asked, unable to keep the pout off his face. Which only made Castiel chuckle all the harder.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel nodded in silent understanding, before parting himself from his mate. “Stand back,” he warned.
“Oh you have believe me,” she said with a proud half grin tugging up the corner of her lips. “I said that when the rats refuse to be trained, you don’t keep trying... you call an exterminator.”
Glancing out of the impala windshield at the reunited couple, Sam sighed out in relief all the tension that he’d held in recently and smiled.
His watch beeped.
“Urm,” Castiel pondered over the menu, quickly choosing something at random. It didn’t make any difference to the Angel what he ordered, he wasn’t going to eat it anyway, it was only for appearances, but he hoped what he had chosen would be something Dean could maybe enjoy.
"Cas... Ah Cas... You have to- Oh God, you have to stop."
He snaps his eyes open, blinking in confusion as he's unwillingly forced back to reality. A reality where Cas was studying him closely. Speedily drinking in every detail of the hunters conflicted features. It wasn't the usual stare that he had gotten used to from the Angel, the fiercely concentrated one where he felt like the Angel could see into his soul and read his every thought. The one that he found so impossibly hard to break away from, that it was almost hypnotic. No, this look was nothing like that, it was brief, innocent and almost sad, before his eyes shyly dropped. "That was inappropriate. I'm sorry."
“No,” Castiel sighed, ashamed that all he felt was relief in that moment. Dean and their baby may be safe for now, but someone else wasn’t. “A friend of mine has been killed.”
“Many more years, I suspect. Maybe centuries.”
“What I have to,” Cas says bluntly, quickly unbuttoning his cuff and pushing his sleeves up to his elbow, leaving his forearm bear. “To save his life.”
Rowena could be a very powerful ally, and it would be in her own interest of self preservation if she were to assist them as the British Men of letters had been going after witches, however he and Sam had agreed from the start of their planning that the fewer people who knew about the nephilim the safer it would be for everyone. It would only take one well meaning but misplaced prayer for heaven to discover that Dean was pregnant. So while they needed all the help they could get and in this fight, those who did join them would be kept in the dark about that particular detail of the rescue.
It was all over.
“Buffy the nephilim slayer here,” Dean snapped, jerking his palm in Castiel’s direction, “got himself a howler and wants to go running off for a little family reunion.”
Dean wanted to protest, wanted to offer to help, but honestly Cas had a point, he was totally fucked out. Besides Cas had made the mess... and didn't need sleep. With a nod of agreement, Dean crawled heavily back into bed. Pulling the sheet over him, he snuggled down, his muscles relaxing and eyelids drooping heavy, sleep already calling to him.
“If you’re lucky, you won’t end up a mindless, gibbering vegetable,” Dean continued, watching Toni push herself further back in her chair, trying to create as much distance as she could between herself and Cas as he approached. “But then again you did shoot him, so he might not be in the mood to tread lightly.”
“’m gonna kick his ass...”
“No.” Cas told him, stubbornly setting his shoulders. “You have to stay in the bunker-”
“Two months I was there for. I thought he’d washed his hands of me. It wasn’t ‘til he came for me that I realized he only left me there ‘til I learnt my lesson.”
“Yeah, man,” Dean said, in a noncommittal way, rubbing his hooded eyes.
The pretty, if somewhat psychopathic, blonde didn’t appear to pose any threat. In comparison to some of the adversaries they had been up against she looked more like she was going to go horseback riding with Mary Poppins than shoot anyone.
, no matter how hard he tries to push those thoughts away.
“Cas!” Dean charged forward, swinging for his Angel’s captives. His fists passed harmlessly through them and he staggered forwards before regaining his balance. None of them reacted to Dean’s attack or even his stumbled arrival into the room, not even Cas. And Dean reminded himself for the second time, that this wasn’t a reality, just some fucked up dream world, inside Castiel’s head. Cas couldn’t actually get hurt here, but that didn’t stop him from putting himself in front of the bound Angel, shielding him in his defenselessness.
Cas gave him a meaningful side glance, heat flashing in his eyes. “Well the way you were eating that pie for one.”
As Sarah Connor’s departing words faded, and the closing theme began, the house lights came up and everyone around the couple started collecting their things and quickly leaving to avoid the rush.
Dean ignored his question, he didn’t know how much longer the African Dream tea would be in effect or how long they’d already been stuck in Cas’ nightmares for, but either way he needed to get Cas out of this and the sooner the better. “Listen man, this isn’t real. You’re not really here, neither of us are. You’re dreaming. We’re at the bunker and you've gone full lights on but nobody's home. I need you to wake up. You have to wake up.”
Sam blinked at him, refusing to rise to the bait of what was obviously a prank. He sipped his drink, before shaking his head. “Yeah, okay. Let me guess. Drilled him till his halo fell off. Ha ha Dean, very funny.”
“And the cold just keeps on coming,” Dean mumbled near silently, “So you know everything about how they’re created, but not a thing about them themselves, other than how to kill them?”
He punched his paperthin pillow, barely resisting the urge to scream into it in frustration and slammed his head back down. He just wanted a small escape from his reality, even if it was only for a short while and a dream was the best he was gonna get... Or not get, as the case was proving to be.
The stare was back. Softer and less smite worthy, but just as intense, causing Dean to stammer. “Cause I-...I knew you didn’t-”
Dean shifted uncomfortably, stealing himself and pushing his self-doubt aside. “Talk to me, man,” he softly requested, letting his thumb rub small circles on Cas’ inner thigh, hoping the small gesture could bring some comfort to his angel.
Dean presses his palm to Cas’ abs, gently pushing against Cas’ uncontrolled thrusts that started threatening to make him gag. A vibration, that sounds suspiciously like a growl, ripples through the Angel’s torso.
“Angel radio?” the hunter choked out, looking fearful of the answer.
“Come on,” Sam urged softly, gently pulling him away, and for his child, Dean reluctantly let himself be led to the waiting impala.
“That’s it?”
“It’s pointless to suffer unnecessarily.” Without anymore being said, before Dean could object, a large loving hand was on his forehead and he dropped his head back to rest on the Impala’s door, accepting the help, albeit grudgingly.
With nothing else left to smash he punches the wall, pain shooting up his arm from his knuckles that come away chapped. It hurts, but it’s a different pain from the one clouding his thoughts at the moment. So he focuses on that, letting it take his mind away from the turmoil his thoughts are swirling in.
"Are you sure this is what you want?" Dean took the opportunity to ask, breathlessly, though he can see the answer in the Angel's eyes, read it in his expression, feel it in his eagerness, but he needed to hear it out loud to put the one last shred of his doubts fully to rest.
“I dunno, Cas. Our nights together have been pretty intense. I mean, you’ve taken out the entire room, multiple times.”
Take care
Leaning against the table Dean glared down at the vacant Angel, grinding his jaw in frustration and clasped his hands together. ‘
“The focus is strong with that one,” Dean chuckled to himself, as he clambered as awkwardly as an upturned turtle out of the nest.
He saw him standing in front of a mirror, shirt pulled open. His face panic-stricken as he watched in horror as something monstrous within tried to force itself out from the Angels’ stomach, stretching the sore ridden skin unnaturally. He saw him in white scrubs, huddled in fear in the corner of a hospital room, arms clutched around his head while Lucifer mocked and threatened. He saw Cas glowing in grace, shadows of his wings showing behind him in tatters, what little feathers remained on the wounded and bloody limbs were molting heavily. He saw Cas standing in a huge open white warehouse littered with dozens of slaughtered corpses each one wearing Dean’s own face. He saw a woman, brow shrapnell’ed with glass shards, telling Cas Heaven didn’t want his help, they wanted his head. He saw him graceless, human, huddled in a doorway in an attempt to shield his shivering body against the downpour of rain.
He shoved at Cas’ chest, annoyed when the angel barely moved and stubbornly shook his head. “You can’t go, Cas.”
He was jarred back to the present, looking up to find Cas’ glancing over briefly to the couple Dean had just been staring at, before his penetrating blues met Dean’s in a worried look.
Even edged in a shocked tone of surprised delight, Cas' voice seemed to short circuit all the higher functions of the hunter's brain. The deep resonating sound heading straight south and stirring his insides, stunning him momentarily into speechlessness.
“So we’re safe?” Dean asked, looking hopeful.
The foyer is quiet, only a few groups waiting for a late night showing, as they cross to the exit hand in hand. A few glanced their way and one young woman gave them an approving look, which Dean translates in his head to mean she thinks the couple look good together. He couldn't agree more.
“Oh you didn’t think it was necessary.” Dean mocked, his voice, heavy in sarcasm and disdain, turning to thick anger. “Well, you thought wrong didn’t you?!”
It was good to be home.
Dean waited a few seconds to make sure that Sam was indeed done, before selecting a large chunk of watermelon. “So, how’s it going?” Dean asked dripping juice over the tabletop as he gestured towards the files.
Not able to convey the very subtle difference Castiel just nodded gently, trying not to jostle his pained head anymore than he had to.
“How can you not know?” Dean exclaimed huffily.
“You’re gonna have to give me more than that, Cas.” Dean said, trying not to let the Angel’s deeply troubled expression shift his resolve. “None of this makes any sense. Why didn’t you say anything, warn me? I had no clue this was even possible.”
It seemed simple enough. Unwrap, pee on the right end, leave it flat, wait five minutes, get the results.
Cas’ voice, heavily laced with fear, is the first thing he noticed. His Angel was usually so skilled at hiding it, must be completely terrified for it to be so obvious.
The Angel had never been kissed by someone who truly cared for him before.
Cas pouted thoughtfully, considering Dean’s reasoning, eventually nodding along in agreement. Leaning back he slid his hands onto his lap beneath the table, seemingly relaxed and Dean couldn’t help but mimic him, happy that Cas had accepted his explanation and dropped the subject before it went any further.
“I think it would be best if only one of us was overwhelmed at a time.” Castiel leaned up, kissing those full lips that were pouting at him so delectably it would be a sin not to.
“Skipping the foreplay and getting straight down to business I see” she said disapprovingly, with a raised brow. “Honestly Castiel, don’t you know a lady likes to be wooed before she gives up the goods. If you’re going to skip the small talk you could at the very least buy me a drink first.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas!” Dean shouted, his voice coming out muted and heavy in his ears. The room warped unnaturally and spots danced in his vision as he stepped inside. He managed one staggered step closer to the Angel he was searching for, before dizziness forced him to stop.
“That’s what I was going for,” Dean admitted. “I figured we could turn it into a family room later on when kiddos grown a bit. You know, a place for movie nights, Christmas's, birthdays... All that stuff.”
Castiel slumped with a forlorn sigh. “I
“I also said that I would do everything in my power to keep you safe.” Castiel’s voice sounded stiff, deep and gruff, but almost like he was begging. “Please, calm down and try to be reasonable.”
“I don’t care!” Dean shouted back in the Angel’s face, immediately regretting his outburst when Cas’ face dropped, crestfallen and the look sent a surge of guilt into the hunters chest like a stab wound, the Angel’s kicked puppy expression more powerful than any weapon.
“Look,”  Dean turned on his brother, jabbing his open palm into his chest, “whatever you think you know about me and Cas, you can just forget about it alright,” he snapped hotly, glaring at his brother.
SGsVamp xXx
Before Dean could reach them the drill was pressed in. Cas screamed out in pain, a blood curdling cry, legs flailing, knuckles whitening as he gripped the arms of the chair.
He didn't look good. His skin was a little too pale and clammy, but he had just thrown up, he reminded himself, so he doesn’t worry. It’s just a little food poisoning, or a stomach bug he’d picked up. It can’t be anything serious because the nausea had now subsided. Still it was strange that Cas hadn’t been able to heal him. The Angel had never had trouble with anything minor before. He didn't want to think about that though. Instead he cupped up a mouthful of water, rinsing it around his mouth and spitting it back down the sink. Splashing some more over his face, he slammed his hand down on top of the tap to turn off the flow.
He jerked his head up at the sound of his name. Cas was knelt over Sam, but instead of healing him, as Dean expected him to be, Cas was staring at his own hands, a look of bewilderment dominating his features. “What?”
Low on his abdomen, just poking above the waist of his jeans was a small bump, about the size of an egg below the skin. It was barely noticeable, but undeniably there.
The bottle shattered against the back wall, spraying glass shards and amber liquid everywhere, dripping down onto the bookcase below. Breathing heavily, Dean slammed himself into one of the chairs, head dropping to the table enclosed by his arms. Throwing the bottle hadn’t made him feel any better, but at least the temptation was gone.
Cas shook his head. “You would have known if I had. We both would have. We would have felt it.”
“Pretty sure one of them would still need to be female,” Dean replied, turning to face out of the window, as if that would put an end to this crazy motion that Castiel seemed to be stuck on.
His child, his and Cas’, would have all of them. He’d make sure of it.
A stab of empathy and guilt punched into Dean’s chest. He had never before considered how learning to feel must be for Cas. It was something people do naturally, with no thought as to why. But to an Angel it was an alien concept, completely against his nature. He should have realized how hard it was for Cas, how confusing it must have been for him. He should have been there to help him through it before now and he vowed to do so in the future, if Cas would allow him to. But for now he couldn't let Cas continue on like this knowing what he did. Knowing the reason for Cas’ confusion.
He fiddled through the manila file folder, just flicking through to keep his fingers busy and make himself look occupied. On the inside of the back cover was a half page pocket and absently the younger brother felt inside.
Dean nodded along, listening carefully as he worked. He pulled the next bullet free. “Did ya figure out what that mess was?”
She handed it over gently, her tone turning gravely serious. “This is extremely rare and volatile magic, Castiel,” she warned. “I’ve left instructions inside. You have to make sure you follow them to the letter. There won’t be any do overs if you do it incorrectly.”
He wiped his palms down his thighs, trying to get rid of the sweat that's making his hands feel damp. Why was he so nervous? He shouldn’t be nervous. Guys can’t get pregnant. This was just to shut Cas up, that’s all. That’s the only reason he was in the dingy bathroom, hovering over the test while at the same time refusing to look at it.
Dean softly cleared his throat, trying to break the awkward tension that was building between them. “So, you really feel things in colors, huh?” he asked, hoping Cas either wouldn’t notice the deliberate change of subject, or at least wouldn’t comment on it.
Cas had him in a tight hug before the first tear fell. “You promised,” he grumbled pitifully into his angel’s shoulder, which was getting damper by the second.
It wasn’t the first time Castiel had heard Dean use other names for the Angel other than his own, in full or shortened. Huggy Bear, Sunshine as well as others, but ‘Baby’? That was new and unexpected. Castiel couldn’t help but smile shyly.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean returned the greeting, as he kicked the door closed and dropped his dirty clothes into the hamper. Turning, he paused when he took in the Angel’s expression, stuck somewhere between concern and annoyance. “You okay?”
Shortly after Castiel’s unexpected, but deeply relieving phone call, Dean had demanded to drive when, in his words ‘Sam’s old lady driving was taking too long’ and not wanting to antagonize him further Sam had pulled over for them to swap places, hoping that it would at least help to calm his brother down. Dean usually looked so relaxed in the driver's seat. Completely in his element, a flawless symmetry of man and machine. Right now however, he looked as tensed as a coiled spring, ready to pop at the slightest provocation.
In this hellhole however, Dean didn’t feel that presence, he only felt lost, like a physical fist clutching in his chest.
Knowing didn’t make the answer hurt any less. Dean swallowed dryly, choking down his own feelings, focusing on what his Angel needed. “Well, then you don’t have to worry about it... What happened, it wasn’t you. That’s why it’s confusing. What you were feeling wasn’t real. It didn’t come from you.”
"No, Cas," Dean chuckled breathlessly at his Angel's panicked expression. "Nothing wrong with that," he said honestly, struggling to speak through his panting. "Nothing wrong at all, but I don't wanna tap out before the main event."
Until his patience ran out.
Dean pushes his head further into the pillow, twisting so he can see his Angel's face. Cas' eyes are clamped tight shut, lips parted, face tensed in pained pleasure.
It only took a few moments for Dean to crack. “Alright, Cas, either you’re trying to mind meld with me, or something’s buggin’ ya. So, what’s up?”
“Right now, I’m not inclined to disagree,” Cas replied grumpily, folding his arms across his chest.
“I took the quack’s notes,” Dean answered quickly. When he’d stolen the file during his rescue his only thought had been what precious little information they had about nephilim and how a detailed account of his pregnancy from a medical expert could help them. But if Cas and Sam reading over them also meant that Dean wouldn't have to illiterate everything he’d experienced in detail, then so much the better.
“Wordy name for such a simple meal.”
Sam chose not to comment on the vagueness in Dean’s rambled explanation. His brother was already struggling, not that Sam had ever assumed Dean’s coming out and admitting his feelings for the Angel would ever be easy on him, but this was a whole new level of bad. Instead he decided to focus on just the problem at hand. “We can check the lore, but if it is Amara causing this I don’t think we’re gonna find a spell strong enough. And even if we do, I doubt we’d be able to pull it off ourselves. We’d need a witch and I don’t think Rowena is going to want to go against Amara again so soon.”
His grip tightened on the handle ready to heave up the heavy tool, but before he had a chance Cas’ hand covered his own, stopping him in his tracks. Stepping up close, Cas looked up at him with a piercingly quizzical look in his eye. “Dean?” he asked softly, “what is this all about?”
“Two human males can’t, but for an Angel and a human...  it’s entirely possible.” Cas’ tone was edged with tension and guilt, he dropped his head fractionally, turning more away from Dean.
He’d seen first hand how they treated Cas, and knew all too well that they saddled Dean fully with the blame of what they saw as a corruption of one of their own. To them, Castiel had been weak and let Dean lead him astray. How much worse would it get for his Angel if the others knew they were ‘mates’?
“Says the guy with more holes in him than Swiss cheese,” Dean snorted, as he eased the first of the bullets out, dropping it on the tabletop with a thunk to emphasize his point.
Since then Hunters from all over the country had reported being approached by members of  the British Men of Letters. None of them had received the Winchester's style of greeting. Instead,  they had been offered access to all the advanced weapons and research material the British had to offer, in exchange for the Hunters doing what they were told when they were told to do it.
“Is it safe to enter?” Sam asked, his head appeared round the corner from the hallway and sparing Dean from having to respond.
Dean stood casually leaning against the doorframe, a confident smile digging into his cheeks, as his eyes flashed up to meet the Angel’s confused ones. Pulling his arm from behind his back he revealed a single flower, holding it aloft in offering to his Angel.
Getting out of the nest.
Castiel was so fascinated that he doubts he would have known Dean had spoken had he not been staring at the hunters mouth so intently.
“Clothes,” Dean reminded him.
Sam shifted his weight awkwardly, looking everywhere in the room except at the couple having a silent conversation. Feeling like he temporarily ceased to exist while they stared at each other was not a new experience for him. Usually it was irritating, but right then it gave him time to think. He hadn’t expected to come back to find the couple at each other's throats. Dean in particular looked ready to take Castiel’s head off. Even now, as he stared into the angel’s eyes, with a mournful expression haunting his face, Sam could almost feel the anger coming off his brother.  If he was completely honest with himself, Sam didn’t blame him.
Cas held a look of complete disbelief and sorrow. “Dean, you just entered my mind without any hesitation or thought to what risk you may be putting yourself in and yet you still refuse to have any faith in yourself. Still don’t see the goodness and the strength of your soul.”
There were much more limited choices with the re-showings, only two classics. Both good options, both among some of Dean’s favorites. The first option however, Back To The Future, Dean quickly dismissed. While it would be nice to have Cas finally understand that reference, there were too many similarities that Cas could mention - hell they had practically lived through that movie - and if the Angel started pointing them out in a packed movie theater it might turn a few heads.
baby oil (Dean was sure having both was counter productive), baby shampoo (that promises no tears), baby bubble bath (that was ‘soothing’ apparently), a yellow plastic baby brush (with bristles so soft, Dean was sure it wasn’t going to be able to brush anything), two packs of pacifiers and something called ‘Gripe Water’ (which sounded horrible and he was certain he is not going to be giving his baby anything that was going to make it ‘gripey’). There were wipes and tiny bags for the soiled diapers (that smelt the same as the powder). There was cream to prevent diaper rash, another to heal it up if the baby got it anyway (which was pointless in Dean’s opinion, considering the kid’s Father was Cas).
“Conceiving a Nephilim is not as simple as conceiving a human child.” Cas paused again, thinking of the easiest way to explain. “It can’t happen through copulation alone, that is only the last step in order to get the DNA from the Angels vessel and allow the human side to form.”
Letting Dean concentrate, Castiel answered. “What Dean accessed were my memories.”
Cas was far less experienced with romantic encounters then he was. Only two, as far as the hunter knew and both women had been using the Angel for their own personal gain in some way. Cas' tongue tangle with Meg and the following intrusion into his life had been because the Demon needed allies and what better ally than an actual Warrior of Heaven. Even if the Angel hadn't been fully sane at the time. And then there had been that Reaper bitch who had literally pumped him for information, before killing him.
“So,” Dean said, challengingly, “if you had them back, right here, right now, where would you take me?” He josselled his Angel’s shoulder playfully.
He gulped in a startled breath as Castiel's slicked fingers brushed against his opening, sending a jolt of intense intimacy gushing through him at the smallest of touches.
“Dean,” Cas sighed out, reaching out and wiping away Dean’s tear on his cuff.
Sam was hurt. The gunshot that he and Cas had heard just a few moments earlier had clearly found it’s target. His brother was slumped on the floor, his wounded leg stretched out in front of him, with a tight grip at the top, keeping pressure on the wound. He was alert and lucid. That was good, but the blood that was slowly pooling underneath him and the whitening of his face meant that Dean needed to act soon.
If Cas had understood his feelings correctly then the Angel was... in love with him. It sounded absurd, so unlikely that even the thought of it seemed dream-like and too good to be true. Dean had grown so used to pushing aside his feelings that he had never considered the possibility that they could be reciprocated.
Dean dipped into the first bag, pulling out and examining the contents one at a time before lining them up alongside a yellow spongy waterproof mat, with a hexagon pattern. That Sam had correctly assumed Cas would appreciate.
But for now Castiel was content to see the change in his hunter and beam in awe. His charge, so brave, so stubbornly strong headed, so human. And so admired by the Angel.
Still caught in that penetrating stare, Dean’s nod was quick but silent.
He peppered slow gentle kisses over Dean’s shoulders and neck, while his hand dropped down to cup the small mound that was growing on Dean’s belly and the life growing within. A life he was responsible for and would protect no matter the cost.
“Wha-” Dean swallowed nervously, falling back on his haunches. “What was it? Do they know?”
“Naomi,” he gasped out mournfully, stunned he didn’t think of it before. Of course his angel would doubt his own memories after everything that bitch had put him through - had done to him.
Dean’s brow lowered slowly. “The dude who’s mate survived the birth?... You were - you were part of that?”
“Yeah, she urm... she said something to me and when I got back we were acting... differently, and ... It has to be a spell or something.” Dean stammered out. His voice thick with shame. “Maybe Cas sensed it and tried to stop it or it affected him differently, or it’s a side effect, I don’t know, but it’s the only thing that makes sense.”
Giving up with a deep sigh, Dean eased himself upright with a sharp hiss. Despite the give of the cot’s lumpy mattress, sitting still made him wince. Highlighting another pain that he was trying not to recognize. He doesn’t need the reminder, doesn’t want to think about the cause of the soreness he felt. Doesn’t want to remember how vulnerable and on display he had felt with his wrist restrained and legs strapped to stirrups that forced his thighs apart. Doesn’t want to remember the pain of the stretch of the specileum that seemed to open him too far past the point of his endurance. Didn’t want to think about the stab to his insides as the sample had been taken.
With a slight shake to clear his head, Dean snapped his focus back on his brother, taking the belt from him and handing it to Cas. “Hold that. Keep it tight.” He didn’t need to elaborate. Didn’t need to express his worry at how much blood Sam had lost, Cas understood. He took the belt and with his free hand pulled the flap of denim out of Dean’s way also.
