His would-be killer didn’t know a damn thing about Sherlock, really, or the people he called his family. Between John Hughes and Judith Watson, there was no way this man stood a saint’s chance in hell of getting away with
“Actually, we did.” Stamford looked a little uncomfortable as she pulled the sheet down and reached for the closures of the body-bag beneath. “See, Doctor Watson is looking for work to do and I thought I had better introduce him to you before sending him anywhere else.”
“That’s more than anyone else has managed.” Sherlock looked strangely pensive, “Thank you, for everything you’ve done for Jude.”
“John!” He yelled for his mate. A couple of Moriarty’s goons collected him from the bottom of the stairs and dragged him out of the house, fighting mad. The bodyguards and constables were helpless to do anything but stand by, held at bay by more goons. Then, behind Lestrade’s car, he spotted someone he knew. Donovan?
Judith was relieved when she returned to base without incident following a successful, low-key patrol. It was almost dark when she pulled her truck into position at the motor-pool and set the brakes. Groaning, she kicked the door open and slipped from the seat, reaching back to fetch her gear out of the truck. Every bone in her body hurt, every muscle ached. It wasn’t that she had experienced any violence, but she was still just…tired. But she was determined to reach her bunk before she collapsed, and managed to kick the door of her quarters shut before anyone could follow her, dumping her things in a heap with a solid-sounding thunk. Downing a couple of Paracetamol with water, she gathered a towel and a bar of bland soap to take a shower. It wouldn’t be hot water, but by God did she need a shower, she hadn’t had a good one for a few days. Shedding her jacket and vest, she headed for the door that led to a small enclosure that functioned as a shower-room. One benefit that came with seniority, she had access to private shower-facilities.
“Lead on.” John let Stamford out first when they had stopped and paid the driver before heading after his old school-mate, who really wasn’t all that different from their younger days. Just a bit older and a bit thicker around the middle. They hadn’t been best friends in school, but John was very happy to see him again, especially after the conversations he’d had with Mycroft two days ago. Time to put eyes on Sherlock Holmes if they could find the man, and judge his character once and for all.
“You saved me from the bullies.” Sherlock turned her hand over in his and rubbed the lines of her palm, “I didn’t know a girl could fight dirty until that day.”
lived long enough to retire from the Agency. 006 and 007 had both retired in the past two years, settled into some semblance of domestic bliss that worked for them, and now it was his turn. John was the last of a dying breed, the last of the Old Timers dying off or being phased out and replaced by younger, more able-bodied Agents more than willing to take over the mantles of their famous or infamous predecessors.
“So, let me see if I have this right. Stephen Strange, age thirty-four, single but interested, too busy to pursue her, once the top of your field in…neurosurgery, known world-wide for your skill, lost the use of your hands in a car accident no one should have been able to survive, but you did.” She narrowed her eyes thoughtfully, “You spent everything you had trying to heal your hands and get your life back together, before something drove you to seek a different kind of healing in Kamar-Taj. Coming here, you’ve found magic, but you can’t let go completely. You’re a scientist, magic has no place in logic.”
“And you can’t ask for help, which makes it so much worse.” John sighed. He hadn’t figured out what type of water-fey the man was, but it was something. Shaking his head, he escorted the fey out of the restaurant.
“Maybe.” He scrubbed out the dog-end of the cigarette and tossed it onto the wet sand below as Greg came up, “Let’s go. And don’t say anything to Greg.”
Sherlock searched everywhere he could think of in the building, but Moriarty was in the wind. And as much as he wanted to find Moriarty, he knew that it was more important to stay with Judith. Calling an ambulance probably wouldn't be a bad idea. Retrieving his phone, Sherlock blind-dialled a number he had long ago memorized and had on speed-dial. The phone only rang twice before it was picked up. Thank God for dependability he took for granted.
“Oh, ask for Greg Lestrade, he’s in charge of the case.” Judith called after the departing groups. With a bit more room in the crowded place, Judith kicked Baxter out of his spot and made room for Donovan, who plunked down next to her and handed over a biscuit.
“Which was it – Afghanistan or Iraq?” He briefly raised his eyes to the other man’s. He just smiled.
clean, just for him. They’d lost touch a bit after he went to the Army, but Mycroft kept him informed of things and when Sherlock got out of rehab for the second time, John had been there to take him home. His flat had been cleared out and everything that they could salvage had been moved into a new place closer to family. Sherlock had railed for a bit before he realized that the family involved went well beyond his meddling older brother and hovering parents. John’s family, the family he had grown up with, was there for him. And Sherlock loved the Hughes family. Now John was ready to settle into civilian life, not necessarily a
“Before he commits violence on any of his team? Yeah, probably.” John drained his cup and unceremoniously wiped his mouth with his sleeve. Clearing his throat, he pursed his lips and whistled sharply.
“Traitor.” He muttered, giving his pet a ruffle. She made a soft noise and cracked an eye open to look at him before going right back to sleep.
“I am very fine being on it’s white-list.” He chuckled as the cloak wrapped itself around his hand. “Oh, whatever happened to Colonel Moran?”
“Probably not, and I don’t think it would make any difference if he did,” John said quietly, hands behind his back. “I promise you, she really is dead.”
“Do take care of him, Mrs Hudson.” Mycroft straightened his clothes and collected his overcoat and brolly and prepared to take his leave. “I’ll return in a few days’ time.”
“Leave it my sister to find out.” John shook his head and got him situated. Sherlock zoned out, listening to John’s voice, and was aware of a sharp prick in his arm. Something to put him to sleep, probably. Or a remedy for whatever Hope had given him before. He didn’t mind, really. He trusted John, he trusted Judith. He was home, he was safe, and the killings would stop now that they had Jefferson Hope in custody.
“My…what?” She made a face, “Oh! No, Riyah! We just met today! He’s someone Sherlock Holmes works with, from New Scotland Yard. He’s a Detective Inspector, and very good at his job, even if he and others don’t think so.”
“Uh, Ben. Benjamin. Roberts, ma’am.” He looked at her, really looked at her, and his eyes widened, “Oh!”
needed his help. But there was no sign of him in Sanctorum. Hoping to God he was in Kamar-Taj, she opened the doors to the Map Room and walked through by herself. Just as she’d hoped, there he was. He had gathered with Master Wong of Hong Kong Sanctum. There was no Master for London Sanctum yet, they were still vetting candidates. Judith knew she wasn’t expected in Kamar-Taj, but she needed help now from Stephen like she had never needed help before.
"I should've known it was too good to be true. What's the point if you can't even be arsed to pretend?"
Additional information stated he had an ID-chip with a GPS tracker installed in 2000. That was fairly late, especially considering what the handler said about him. He'd been listed as lost property between May 1996 and November 1999. He was forbidden to sign an emancipation contract until 1.1.2032, limit given for several attempted escapes and
Sherlock rose, pulled the blue tee shirt over his head and let the dark grey sweatpants along with his underwear drop on the floor before stepping out of them. He used his bare foot to lift them, gathered all the clothes in his arms and exchanged them with the floor guard for an ill-fitting dressing gown: too short, but hanging loose on his narrow shoulders.
Sherlock heard her walk away, and when she turned off the kitchen lights nothing but blackness surrounded him. Panicking he tried pushing the door, but it didn't budge. He froze when creaking sounds came from above him. He scrambled blindly on the floor, feeling the blanket on it. He crawled until he found a pillow —and hit his head against something. He felt the wooden edge with his hands, running his fingers up along it until they hit the ceiling. He flattened his palm against it, then slid his hand along the ceiling until it came to an abrupt end. Stairs, he realised. He was feeling the underside of the stairs. The noises had been Hunny climbing upstairs.
John had no idea whether it was true or not. He was pretty sure the terms and conditions usually said you had to be a natural person, which Holmes certainly wasn't. Not that he really cared if Holmes wanted to have an e-mail account. Little harm could be done with it, surely.
John threw his hands in the air and shook his head in frustration. Clearly Holmes did not want to talk about this. "Forget it. I don't want to fight with you. Just tell me if I should be worried or not."
was that he plays the violin," John fumed. "He entertains you. He serves the drinks. He gets to have a wash, is fed and sleeps in peace until morning.
The man seized his left arm, knocking over the bottle he'd slid to Sherlock's side of the table and pulled the coat sleeve up to reveal the wrist and the codes tattooed on it. "What's this?"
John drew a deep breath in an attempt to calm down. His left hand was still shaking, so he kept it curled in a fist, willing the tremor to stop.
With John gone and no permission to leave or use to the computer, Sherlock had nothing to do. Or rather, there would've been plenty to do if one were a dedicated house slave, but he had no patience for that. He entertained himself by checking on a few experiments hidden at the back of the fridge and coming up with a new one he could hide under the sink.
Even so, he explained the case for John. At first the young woman's death seemed as baffling as Lestrade had made it sound. Then Holmes pointed out the obvious detail no one else had even thought to question. With the right questions asked the boyfriend's, the original suspect's, alibi made little sense.
Holmes bowed deeply, thanked him profoundly and kissed his left hand as a sign of formal gratitude. The left because it was his dominant hand that granted these luxury items.
"Is there anything else I can do, mistress?" he inquired, standing straight, head slightly bowed, eyes cast down and hands brought together in front of him. A picture-perfect slave.
The doorbell interrupted his musings. The slave had returned. But before John could even begin scolding him, a pink suitcase was shoved into his arms.
Everything was bit of a blur after that. He remembered the loud noise, the bang when the car hit them. He remembered the seatbelt pressing against him as they spun around.
John turned. His eyes scanned the street, but he saw nothing out of the ordinary. "People. Cars. A motorcycle, couple of bicycles. A cab."
He watched them walk away, side by side, and though he could not be sure, he could have sworn he heard laughter.
For a moment he had no idea where he was. His eyes darted to search for anything familiar and he swallowed the lump in his throat as the disorientation started to fade. John Watson's flat. His latest master slept peacefully and comfortably in his bed on the other side of the room.
"You don't think a slave like me could know all those things?" Sherlock challenged. "You think because I'm a slave I must be intellectually inferior? Just a few minutes ago you were praising my intelligence."
For a moment there was such anger in her eyes that John prepared for being slapped. But as quickly as the anger had appeared, as soon it was gone. She smiled, completely calm and handed him a business card.
Yelling, shoving, threats and violence. And nothing else to do but to submit to it, to beg for forgiveness.
"I've played four times and I'm still alive and kicking. You're not playing the numbers, you're playing
He startled awake when John rested his hand on his side and tugged at the duvet. He blinked, eyes darting in the room. The lights were off, but it was John's room. Not the dark cellar shared by thirty people where the lights and music so often followed him to his dreams, giving him no escape from them. But The Oyster House was gone.
This part Sherlock hadn’t heard before, so he listened carefully what being a pension legally meant for him and his new owner.
Neither had moved for several minutes now. Sherlock still stared at the ceiling. He could feel Mycroft's eyes on him, but there was nothing either of them wanted to say. Then Mycroft stood up and walked out of the door. Sherlock remained as he was for four more minutes, lost in thought, hating the fact that his brother was right. He got up only to crouch on the floor to dig out the dirty sock under John's chair. He found an extra plate that still had a half eaten biscuit on it –and the other sock.
is!” John’s suspicion melted into something almost akin to… amusement. “Is your brother Mycroft Holmes, by any chance?”
He split his focus between Hutchinson sitting next to him, listening to the conversation John had on speaker-phone, and the busy car-park outside.
He signed off and hung up. As he headed for the interview-room, he pulled his mobile-phone from his pocket and dialed a number.
After that brief delay, they stayed together, dodging the police at what felt like every turn. It got a bit more interesting when they encountered one of the assassins posted around Baker Street. They didn’t get any answers from him, but a copy of The Sun led them to Kitty Riley. Sherlock had some strong words for that woman. Before they set off to hunt down the reporter who had tried to convince Sherlock she was a fan and a friend, when she was in truth neither, Sherlock fished the hand-cuff keys from his pocket and got them free. It didn’t take long and he left the hand-cuffs into a secure spot before he texted Judith on where to find them later.
“Because you’re handsome, you have skills I could have used years ago and would love to exploit now that I have access to them, and my brothers respect you. Love you, even.” Another head-tilt. “Mycroft respects so few people the way he clearly respects you, I’d love to know the exact details of that relationship. And Q adores you, he thinks you’re clever. Not quite savvy with technology, of course, but still one of the best men he knows.” John snorted. Not quite savvy with technology was putting it mildly.
“Hello! My name is Bryan, and I’ll be your server tonight!”He introduced himself according to standard, making eye-contact with both John and Mycroft. “Can I get you anything to drink, gentlemen?”
“Hmm, I do not think that’s true, you know him from before.” Riyah teased her hair into a wavy half-up-do braid, “From the Army?”
“I’m not your housekeeper, young man!” She scolded as Sherlock headed upstairs, John right behind him.
“Knowing what I do about your Superintendent, not very.” Stephen wrinkled his nose, “But Inspector Lestrade would have been thrilled.”
He apologized to the Billingsleys for the disturbance, they were busy with the police but promised they didn’t hold him responsible, and fetched up his phone as he left the house.
“Miss Riley, open the door or we’ll break it down!” Sally shouted. The door was flung open by Kitty Riley, who took one look at them and brightened.
“Joining me, gentlemen?” She didn’t miss how the pair she had picked up at Baker Street didn’t seem that keen on losing sight of her.
“Yes, she does. Patience of a saint, that one.” Sherlock smiled. John just rolled his eyes, deigning not to talk around a mouth full of food. It was quiet while they ate what was most likely the first proper meal either of them had eaten in far longer than bore thinking of.
him a happy birthday at all, had remembered. It showed that, in his own rather odd way, he really did care about John. It was nice to have a friend like Mycroft Holmes, even if he wasn’t always the best sort of friend to have. Locking up for the night, John shut down the flat and went through his nightly ablutions before climbing into bed. Christ knew he needed sleep if he could get any.
“Just an observation.” Judith tried not to smile, “Trust me, you would not be the first person or the last to call him a freak. No one really gets along with him, I guess John and I are special like that.”
“A few hours, max.” He ruffled Sherlock’s hair, he seemed to do a lot of that, and smiled, “You have my number, sweetheart, call for anything.”
“Told you I would.” She handed him the bag as she came around his side of the array, “Thanks for helping me out.”
“Galileo and Aristotle.” Sherlock shrugged into his ridiculous Belstaff, checking his pockets. His eyes widened and he chuckled as he removed a fuzzy bundle from the right pocket, “Who fell asleep in my pocket again.”
“My pleasure, Inspector.” John got to his feet and brushed off his hands before shaking hands with Lestrade, “And don’t worry about your sergeant, she’s far from the first person to call me a mutt.”
, but John and Sherlock had made a pact to be polite and play nice with the press, as hard as it was to do it.
“We’ve got keys to the place, it wouldn't be the first time we’ve had to make entry into a hostile situation.” Greg murmured, the sound of his Glock racking was unusually loud in the car. Judith racked her Browning, kept the safety on, and they left her car behind. She muted her radio and looked up at the first-floor windows. The sheers were drawn, and she couldn't see anyone at the windows themselves.
him still? He pulled down a pair of trousers he hadn’t worn since leaving Baker Street, finding a button-down and jumper to go with it, then dug up socks and looked for shoes he could wear.
me, you wouldn’t have to worry about that.” John smiled as he took Sherlock’s hand in his. “I’ll settle for a proper goodbye kiss, however.”
Quiet nights when they got off at reasonable hours, take-away and bad telly, snuggling with each other on the couch, making room for the cats when they got sick of being ignored. Long nights when they didn’t even leave the office, working to close a case that just wouldn’t work itself out properly. And proper nights out when they could go to Angelo’s for dinner, or he got a chance to unwind at Maroush and watch her work her magic for crowds of appreciative patrons, all while knowing she was all his, and he was the lucky son of a bitch who got to take Judith Watson home at the end of the night.
“Smart man, you are.” She took two when he gave a subtle nod, “And maybe a mind-reader. I didn’t say anything?”
“Oh, I have a few ideas for that. If I may?” Sherlock kept one hand in John’s hair, the other wandered along the waistband of his pyjama bottoms. John could never say no to that smile, those eyes.
“Sherlock, dear?” It was his dear landlady, Mrs Hudson. She wasn’t alone, though, Sherlock recognized his brother’s scent and tried to breathe around a sob.
“Well, if you insist.” She smiled and hopped from her perch. They left Sanctorum for a nearby cafe, which Stephen insisted on paying for.
“No, I can send the car back for Gregory if he requires it. I suspect I’ll be retrieving him from the office at this rate, which is unfortunate.” Mycroft looked at him, “I am sorry about Sherlock, I should have warned you.”
“Well, they can’t come this time.” Judith set Galileo on John’s chair and took Aristotle from Sherlock, “Maybe on the next run. Queenie was a bit put out when I left her behind this morning, but I didn’t think it would do to bring her along if I wasn’t sure what my schedule looked like.”
Judith has a problem. Jim Moriarty has a nonviolent solution. This will be an interesting twist to The Game.
!” Anderson was in a fit, his face red. Judith saw Sherlock flinch at being called a “pet detective”, and Judith bared her teeth. That was a pretty low blow, even for someone like Anderson.
before the incident at Saint Bart’s, but he didn’t wear it much these days. Instead, he preferred the Belstaff Panther coat John had given him. It was a lovely thigh-length leather racing jacket with a waist-belt cinch to offer a better fit and showed off Sherlock’s arse rather nicely. They walked to the end of Baker Street and hailed a taxi there, and John let Sherlock give the address of their destination. Wherever they were going, it beat out the morning in bed they had both anticipated.
“Well, I was … I mean, I was hoping you might … ” Sherlock looked almost ashamed of what he’d done, what he was asking for.
He almost wanted her to threaten them, to give them a reason to arrest her. He wasn’t disappointed. She pulled a gun from her purse but never got beyond showing it to them. John grabbed Sherlock and hit the floor, cringing as the gunshot sounded in the house. He heard the sound of breaking glass somewhere else. Hutchison and the other two were quick to react and in no time had Mary in handcuffs. A hand appeared in his field of vision and he raised his head. Hutchison had gotten to his feet and had one hand extended.
“Shit!” He almost collapsed, and that was so embarrassing. Had it really been so long since someone had done this for him that he reacted so violently? Sherlock just chuckled and gave a gentle squeeze before going down on him, sliding the condom into place using careful teeth and suction to get everything just right. It took every bit of willpower John had to stay still, it was probably the most erotic thing John had ever experienced. And it wasn’t even foreplay! Was it? When Sherlock pulled back, he was beaming like a fool on Shrove Tuesday, his face as flushed as John’s was.
“Don’t worry about it, Inspector.” She smiled and patted the rumpled lapels of his mac, “We had a layover in Germany yesterday and got enough sleep to keep us going as long as needed.”
“Everything I didn’t learn from MI6, I learned from him.” She took Jim’s hand and got to her feet, groaning as sensation and blood-flow rushed back to her legs, “Ow!” The only thing she was still connected to was the radio, and Jim plugged the ear-piece back in just in time for word to get to them that Sherlock Holmes was on-site and on his way in.
“Oh, and John, dear, the upstairs bedroom’s been made up for you! I wasn’t sure if you boys would be needing two bedrooms or not.”
“Afraid that’s not as effective these days as it used to be.” He shrugged. “But to answer your question, I
By the time back-up arrived, Judith was sitting in Greg’s car, dozing off. The minute the ambulance arrived, Greg handed her over to the paramedics and gave a full account of what
“She sure looked after us kids, that’s for sure.” Judith huffed, nibbling on the cookie, “Me and Harry and Sally, too.”
. Did I just give you the good pill or the bad pill?” The cabbie nodded at the pills on the table, “Is it a bluff? Or a double-bluff? Or a triple-bluff?”
“At least give me the courtesy of my fucking name, Mycroft! Jesus! I know you don’t like me, but this is a new low for you!” He snarled, stepping back from the desk and falling into parade-rest, a default when he was under stress, his eyes some incongruous dark colour that couldn’t quite be named. Pulling his shoulders back, hesitating a bit on the left due to the injury that had knocked him out of service and left him struggling to piece his life back together when he was finally out of the hospital, he tilted his chin and stared down the powerful man on the other side of the desk.
“Yeah. That’s  just part of it.” John tilted his head. “I had my pelt stolen by one of my old commanders, but I got it back. It was…consensual, once I realized what he’d done and why. When he was discharged from the service, he gave it back to me and I had it sent home. I think it ended up with your brother.”
“At least I found you.” He sniffled and put his arms around the sturdy, stocky doctor who had been his guiding light, his North Star, his moral compass. John Watson had been so many things at such different times for him.
“When I’m busy, which is all the time? I’ve gone seventy-two hours without food before.” She shrugged, “But if you think I’m bad, you haven’t seen the way Sherlock eats.”
seen or heard from John Watson in the last five minutes?! If you have, find the bastard, if you haven’t,
a bit!” John snickered, “You’re as bad as Sherlock!” Judith shrugged and kept herself busy until it was time to shut down the scene. Anderson had some choice words for her for letting John and Sherlock on the scene before anyone from the Yard got there and how that was against regulation and blah, blah, blah.
“Give me your keys.” John held out one hand as he got up after collecting his coat. He had his phone in his other hand as he tapped out a message to Mycroft with a specific request.
“Hang on. I can solve this real quick.” She fired off a text to Moran, received an affirmative, and heaved a sigh of relief.
“But not family or significant other.” John sighed, “I do not envy you the effort it’s going to take to find those people.”
, and it was quiet on Baker Street again. At least until the next case came up or one of Sherlock’s experiments went sideways again.
Thanking Mycroft for his assistance once they reached The Met, and promising to keep him abreast of things as needed, Judith followed Greg into the quiet but busy building. There was plenty of time before the press-conference so they retreated to Greg’s desk and closed the door to enjoy a quiet, quick breakfast. Anthea had picked up jacket potatoes with cheese and beans, a couple of scones, and two mochaccinos. Caffeine for a quick boost, carbohydrates and protein to keep them running a while longer, and the scones for a sweet treat.
“Bloody tosser. What a show off!” She rolled her eyes and looked at Palmer, who bent to her work. Stephen flat-lined, but they brought him back to normal rhythm with a crash-cart. Judith had been tracking the Astral fight and realized that shocking his physical form boosted his energy and power in the Astral Plane. So when he poked his head out again, excited, and told them to boost the charge and hit him again, she took the paddles from Palmer and looked up at Stephen before he disappeared again. He winked and vanished. As soon as the defibrillator was charged, she placed the paddles and hit Stephen’s body with a higher current. The lights flickered and all of the machines died.
As soon as he was on his way, she stood on the kerb and debated going home to Kensington or to Baker Street. She sighed and set off with no real direction in mind, and walked for what seemed like hours. No one bothered her, and she wondered if anyone actually noticed her, or if she just
“Met Police, open up!” She called out loudly. There was a commotion inside, she heard John yelling at someone, and looked at Sally, who nodded and stepped up to the door.
“I could try.” He narrowed his eyes, “If you’re not too tired or busy, could I bother you to go out and look for the source of a morse code message I thought I saw?”
“I can’t imagine why not.” She walked back across camp with Will, not saying much but enjoying a friendly moment of quiet.
“You’re running out of time anyway, Mr Hope.” Judith’s voice was calm and level. “Just give us a name and go in peace.” Sherlock was aware that Judith had seen and spoken to Hope before and wondered if she could get him to talk. He heard a soft click behind him and felt a hand on his shoulder. He got up slowly, still unsteady from the drug, and let her take his seat.
“The best part of the day was this morning and the drive to get here.” She looked at him, “Get Timo Almond behind bars ASAP, I’ll put word to the rest of his family.”
“You finish up in here, I’ve got something I wanted to give you.” John fussed with the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt, tucking it into his trousers for him. Sherlock resisted the urge to pull John closer and kiss him. Not right now. Just wait.
“Not at all.” Hutchison just smiled and they moved the ice to the boot of his squad-car. John gave his keys to Ford, who would follow behind, and got in the back seat of Hutchison’s car with Sherlock.
“Ah, so good to see you tonight, Mr Holmes! Are you going to have company?” Hakim Masoun came to his table after the set was complete and the girls had disappeared to take a short break between performances.
“Alright. Thanks, Greg.” He left the file with Sherlock and saw Greg down to the street, “And let us know if you hear anything from Mycroft?”
“Bloody mind-reader. Don’t do that, Sherlock, not nice.” She rolled her eyes at him, “Where do you expect me to sleep? Upstairs in John’s old room?”
“You know, it’s generally frowned upon for regular civilians to travel on mass-transit armed like that.” She kept her voice soft and opened her eyes to look at them, “But you’ve got those registered with the Home Office, so I can’t bother you for it, and you’ve got them out of sight. Which means you follow the rules. When it suits.” She tilted her head to one side and looked from one to the other. The pair blushed and looked at each other.
to yours.” A sharp look at his hair, which was quite a bit shorter than it had been. “I do like it, though. Still has a bit of curl to it.”
.” Sherlock muttered. The Winter Court had been more than happy to interfere on his business whenever they had a chance to do so. But with the whole trouble with Moriarty, he was grateful for it. They were probably the only reason he was still alive. Even someone as power-hungry and psychopathically inclined wouldn’t risk the fury of the Fey Courts by killing off someone like Sherlock Holmes.
“Nice cape.” She teased. He rolled his eyes as he led the way up the stairs, where they found Kaecilius gone. The Ancient One and Mordo were there, though, and Stephen confronted The Ancient One with the knowledge Kaecilius had shared with them about where she got her eternal youth from. She didn’t deny anything, but she didn’t admit to it, either. Mordo laid into them for confronting her like that, when he said they had no right. But their argument was cut short by the return of the Zealots. The following confrontation ended with the escape of Kaecilius and the Zealots, and the death of The Ancient One.
“Please don’t. I’m not a sir.” The man followed him back upstairs and John wracked his brains trying to figure out what it was that bothered him. It wasn’t the man himself, John was sure of it. It was something about his relationship with Moriarty. For the rest of the evening, he kept an eye on Moriarty’s table. He was just out of view when he heard Moriarty’s voice raised in anger and he went as close as he could without drawing notice.
“Maybe.” Mike’s expression twisted a bit, but his eyes were still quite bright. “Oh, and what about housing? Have you thought about that at all?”
“My birthday isn’t until Thursday, Mycroft.” He frowned, he was fairly sure his birthday was in three days, that he hadn’t misjudged the calendar
“Alright, alright, the both of you, knock it off.” She rolled her eyes and stepped between the two agents, “I could hear you carrying on outside. What’s going on?” She looked from one to the other.
“Oh. Right then.” She twirled the card between her fingers and stuck it in a pocket on her vest. “Jim it shall be then.”
“You did well for yourself, Loki.” She murmured, waving out the window as they passed the gates of the base.
“Hm, he will. Someone like him? He’ll figure it out.” Greg’s eyes narrowed, “How much of a threat is Mr. Moriarty to London?”
“Absolutely.” He glanced at their suspect, then back at the young man he had just rescued from worse than a few bruises. “I don’t suppose you might have anything as useful as a pair of handcuffs on you, would you?”
“Poor Henry Knight saw something out there, and I’m dead certain Sherlock saw the same thing and just won’t admit he’s scared.” John shrugged and they watched as Judith said something in a low tone to Sherlock, turned on her heel, and walked away from him. Whatever she’d said had struck a nerve, Sherlock was pale again.
“My name is not important, my willingness to pull the trigger before you can blink again, however.” He said. “Down, Lachey. Right now.”
“It’s alright, Mama.” She sighed, “Just getting my head on straight.” She looked over at the fence surrounding the build-site, “Wonder if I’ll find anything in there, yeah?” Shrugging, she put the mother back in the box, cracked her windows, and locked her car while she went back into the build-site to see if she could find anything.
He was wrong of course. Sherlock's freedom was short-lived. He was seen and immediately recognised as a slave, and promptly returned to his owners. Over and over again. He could run. He could hide. But eventually, someone always caught him and brought him back to be punished for his crime.
Sherlock bowed and returned to the bedroom with the laptop, but he didn't defy John. He cleared the browser history and put the computer away. He didn't know whether he should actually get into John's bed or not, or whether John had been referring to possible sexual activities or not. There were two ways to take the phrase "warm the bed".
He crossed the street and headed for the side road where the black vehicle awaited. He drummed the cab's back window with his palms before lowering to speak to the driver through the open front window.
"Because of Florida?" John asked, but the slave had no chance to reply as at the same moment the car's door opened again and a woman stepped outside. Still not the one from before. She had long, dark brown hair, beautiful tanned skin, brown eyes, full lips... She was absolutely stunning in a word.
"Have you ever been rented for an orchestra before?" he asked curiously and sipped his coffee. It wasn't exactly the way he liked it, but he'd bring that up some other time.
"No, no", John denied as they shook hands, despite it was true. The Mike Stamford he remembered had been...considerably thinner.
"He's just a normal slave. Since you know my name and that I have him, you should know that, too. I got him with my pension."
"He hasn't ordered me to," he blurted out. Mycroft looked at him skeptically. Sherlock couldn't blame him. He himself had thought it obvious John would want to test him the very first night he owned him. "He doesn't want to sleep with me."
John looked at the business card in his hand, contemplating whether to just throw it away. He didn't want to worry Holmes with it. He'd done some thinking after talking with Mike. Perhaps Holmes behaved the way he did because he was insecure. So many owners seemed to have abandoned or mistreated him. No wonder he didn't feel comfortable with yet another new owner. Slaves were like pets in that sense. If they were mistreated they couldn't trust their owners. Perhaps Holmes's behaviour would improve if John showed him he would be treated well and be cared for. It might make things worse if Holmes had a reason to believe John might get rid of him because he had been offered money.
Lestrade hummed in agreement. "Guy like that's bound to have some enemies. Wanna explain what happened?"
"He has his ways... His owner is perhaps the most dangerous person you'll ever meet, but neither of them are my concerns right now."
He stood up just as the first police car pulled to the front, soon followed by others, and he couldn't do anything but to stand back. He saw Lestrade and Donovan step out of a civilian car, but was stopped from approaching them. He tried to get past the officer blocking his way, arguing he needed to speak with Lestrade. It was his slave somewhere out there.
"That fucker tried some capoeira shit on us," the second man accused, boldly stepping to the doorway. His breath smelled of alcohol. John didn't budge. The man may have been taller, but his aggression didn't intimidate John.
"And I don't mean a post-it note." John felt like making it absolutely clear. "If you want to go out, you are going to need to ask for a permission. I want to know where you're going and what you're doing. And I want you back punctually. And if I deny you, then you are not leaving the flat. If I catch you leaving the flat without my permission again, I
It was the first time John heard the slave speak and he was startled by the sudden, odd question. “What?”
"I'm just going to fall asleep on the floor if you make me bow now," Holmes said between grit teeth.
"Oh, Sherlock. I'm so sorry. I will miss you." She hugged him and made him tea before going upstairs. She slept in the cupboard in the master bedroom.
He had ruined John's business for the night and perhaps for good. And for what? For something as meaningless as sex. True, the deal was no one would touch him, but what harm would it have done? John would have never known and got the money he so desperately needed.
, he needed to remind himself. Words he'd recited hundreds of times during his childhood, words fabricated to make the slaves obedient. Just a bunch of lines he'd been made to remember by heart in hopes that one day he would say them genuinely. Made to repeat until he'd believe them.
Holmes stood stoically, didn't even flinch when John's hand nearly touched his face. "I'm sorry, master. I never meant to humiliate you."
Months went by and after two years into his enslavement Sherlock had all but given up on hope for ever escaping. He knew he would
"We're not hugging," Sherlock said instantly, folding his arms and scowling at Mycroft whose eyes were devouring him for information. His brother's expression turned cold.
Guests at the Marlowe household were a common sight. Henry and Lydia Marlowe were sociable people with a large circle of friends. At least once a month a dinner for anything between three to fifteen people kept Sherlock and Hannah busy. Sometimes a guest would bring their slave for additional help. But all that had changed when their master's business began to struggle and then came to a sudden end. Sherlock didn't know the details and had learnt very quickly not to ask. A slave such as himself would not understand. Sherlock didn't agree with his master, but if master said he didn't need to know then it must have been so.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and turned in a circle, finding the bench they had been sitting on before the oysters. The stroller was there. He quickly tugged on John’s sleeve, and they both ran over to it.
John took this opportunity. He valuated over the desk, bent down, grabbed the gun that Sherlock had brought in, and shot it.
Cirada looked directly at Sherlock. “He only said; to tell Dr. Watson the results of your last home experiment.” She rested her arms on the chair, looking pleased at her job well-done, but also upset at not getting  an actual payment for her time.
The day moved on. Sherlock continued looking at things online. John started putting together a list of all the places they had dealt with Moriarty before, and trying to think of the most likely place he would hide a baby.
John recognized it, and stood up from where he had been sitting and walked over to Sherlock, cringing slightly again at the sight of the severed head. “So why would Moriarty send us..this.” He asked.
“Let’s talk.” John said, then he left the living room and made his way carefully down the stairs, Sherlock following.
Sherlock had his eyes closed now, and you could see that his eyes were moving rapidly beneath the lids.
John didn’t need to ask who ‘he’ or ‘it’ was. He shook his head. “I tried asking, he said it was to disable Moriarty’s support group.”
Mrs. Hudson let out a little huff of not being surprised, and went back downstairs to tend to some cleaning matter.
John remained standing, looking down on his friend. John had a feeling that he didn’t want to know the results of whatever bloody experiment Sherlock had been working on, but if Moriarty wanted him to know, he was even more scared.
The next week John had moved back into 221B Baker Street, with little Rosie in tow. John and Rosie were both sleeping in John’s room at the moment, but anyone who visited the flat had a feeling that it was temporary arrangement.
“Well I wasn’t able to come up with anything for the mermaid, or the birds. I supposed that the burning tower could be here, our flat. You’re the knight in these ones here with the dragon and the demon. So maybe you need to save someone from a burning tower? And as for the crowns I’m guessing that he see himself as a king, although I’m not sure why there’s two crowns.”
“So what are we going to do?” John said. “What is he going to do with this information? It’s Sherlock he’s after, isn’t he? Not me.”
John thought about the amount of calls that they had been getting from her. Normally she didn’t freak out quite this much when they disappeared for a case. But then John thought about how Moriarty knew that Ms. Hudson was one of the few people Sherlock cared most about in the world.
Moriarty continued; “his poor pet John, out of the way, the baby taken away, he’ll be so broken. He’ll have nowhere to turn. You know what can happen to him if he gets bored. Have you ever seen him heartbroken?”
Mycroft looked sideways at the pair. “I believe he thinks that he can get to Sherlock, through John.” Mycroft said, and then looked directly at Sherlock. “And he would be right.”
He knew that this wasn’t good. That having attachments would just make it easier for people like Moriarty to control him. But he knew that he wouldn’t be able to help it at this point. Anyone who knew about Sherlock Holmes knew that they could use John Watson to get to him. He thought back to Magnusson’s logic. It had almost worked for him, until Sherlock had shot him.
“Okay.” The nurse said. “But there’s a lot of people out here to see you, so I’m just going to let them in one at a time.”  The nurse then left.
He could almost see the words dancing in front of him, trying to find someplace to go. He shut his eyes, and knew that someday the perfect moment would come along; he would just have to be watching for it.
After Molly, Mycroft came in into the room. John was a little surprised by this visitor, and Mycroft was able to see that.
Thinking about Magnussen got him thinking to what had happened after that. Being arrested. Mycroft sending him away to a place he was sure to die in. And how close he had gotten to telling John. There had been so many instances now where the words had been in his throat, heavy, and weighing him down.
Sherlock raised his hands out in front of him, as Mary pulled a gun out of her coat pocket, armed it, and faced it directly at Sherlock.
“You got into a bit of trouble. You underwent some surgery, and have been moved to this room where you’ll be staying for a little bit. Just a couple more days in here and you’ll be fine.” The nurse said. “You were lucky that the bullet didn’t hit anything important.” A smile. “You have some company. Should I let them in?”
Sherlock didn’t say anything. John started to stand up, but Moriarty’s gun snapped in his direction. John stood still behind the desk.
Moving back to his room, Sherlock grabbed the top two blankets of his bed, and brought them back out. He set them carefully on John, making sure not to wake him.
“Even you?” John said standing, trying to leave the room for the second time, but finding himself unable again.
“Do you think he’s trying to build up your public image, so he can tear it down again?” John suggested.
John was late coming down to the kitchen the next morning, Rosie balanced on his hip. Mrs. Hudson had left tea and toast out, and despite it being cold John took some anyway. Sherlock was once again in the kitchen, preforming experiments.
“What have you come up with?” Sherlock asked, taking off his coat and throwing it on his chair, along with a grocery bag he had been carrying.
They both put on plastic gloves, and Sherlock carefully removed the tape holding the top of the package together. As soon as the top was opened, they both looked inside, and then recoiled.
“Is this what you meant when you said you cheated on her?” Sherlock asked. Thinking back to the day before John had moved back into Baker Street, and the last time he had seen John talking to the memory of Mary. John nodded.
They walked down a hallway, to the only door there, which had a sign that said “Madame Ciarda Collins”.
Mycroft considered the situation. He thought back to seeing his brother sitting in the waiting room. They hadn’t said anything to each other.  That had been strange. He thought a minute more.
“Yes, yes” Mycroft said “and without Sherlock’s involvement you would be in jail right now.” Mycroft said, starting to get heated. “The point is; I had to tell him. Otherwise millions of people would have died.”
“Whatever you said…” Mycroft said, and they both knew very well that he knew what Sherlock had said. “He doesn’t remember.”
Nice! Chapter 6! I'm thinking of aiming for 10 chapters right now, maybe more if I feel like it needs it. Again, if you have suggestions or ideas for what should happen in this fic, in either the next chapter, or far in the future, leave a comment and I'll decide if I want to do some fun wish fulfillment, or do just the opposite. Also, I don't know if I've addressed this or not, but there will be no smut in this fanfiction. Just fluffy cute moments at SOME point. So I don't know if that makes you want to stop reading this, or makes you more excited, but that's what I'm doing.
The market was fairly large, so it took a while to cover much ground. As the day went on the crowds started getting larger and larger, a mix of locals coming to do their shopping, and tourists wanting to see all the different colors of the stalls.
After each of the pages had been examined, and no unknown fingerprints, or other clues found, John and Sherlock worked together to pin them up on the wall. The storybook pages on one side, the bar-codes on the other.
After catching a cab out of the market, John and Sherlock found the cheapest hotel that they could inside London. They only had whatever they had brought out of Baker Street with them that morning, which wasn’t a lot; because they hadn’t thought that they might not be able to return.
“Well. That’s night right.” Said Sherlock slowly, before picking up the laptop and positioning it in a way where he would be able to maneuver the mouse, but John would still be able to see.
There was the sound of someone saying ‘no’ over and over again, and John thought he felt something being pushed against his side. It felt strong. Maybe like a hand. He wasn’t sure. John thought it odd that he couldn’t really see anything. Then he heard something that he defiantly didn’t expect to hear. Someone, the same person who had been saying ‘no’ then started saying “I love you” and “don’t leave me” and other sweet things. John thought to himself that the voice sounded very familiar, but then his hearing stopped, like his sight. And then soon feeling.
“Well that’s not gonna happen.” John said determined, and this time Sherlock did look at him. “We already decided. No secrets, none of what happened last time. We do this one together.”
John had hailed a cab, and they both got into the back together. John quickly told the cabbie the address.
There was quite a bit of them, so it took a while to get through the pile halfway. Finally, one of the officers stopped, and she gasped loud enough that the others heard her, and stopped as well. She held her palm out and there was the black pearl of the Borgias.
Quickly, Sherlock said “No! I will find another way. He will have to do something again soon, you know how he was last time.”
Finally the car pulled into a side road, which went on for a bit longer before reaching a house that looked like it hadn’t been lived in in years. The bushes were over grown, and many of the windows were dark, besides the ones on the first floor. The cop cars had stopped as soon as the long drive widened into a makeshift parking area. The car that John was in pulled right up to the front door.
“This has got to be Moriarty. The next ‘clue’ if you will.” Sherlock said. When there was no more cardboard both John and Sherlock could plainly see that the cause of death had been strangulation, as her neck was bruised, red, and cut from what looked like some sort of thick string.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, maybe to try to avoid the conversation, Sherlock himself wasn’t sure.
Now Sherlock was using one of the machines to make sure that whatever was in there wouldn’t literally explode in their faces as soon as they opened it.
Sherlock realized what John was trying to explain. He hadn’t even thought that Ms. Hudson would be put back in danger. But it had happened so many times before, so why wouldn’t she now?
“No. Neither of us were ever interested in that sort of thing with each other.” Sherlock said, in a tone that indicated that this conversation was over.
“Oh Sherlock.” He said, curling Sherlock’s name in such a way it didn’t sound quite right. “I’m not going to tell you that easily.” He laughed a bit again. “You think all you have to do it put your gun on the floor and I’ll explain the most detailed fake death ever.”
The market was located near the Thames, and the sky was blue, a rarity for London. It was still fairly early in the morning, so the covered streets were still empty, and stalls were still setting out their fresh goods.
“Yeah well, I guess with the whole blog thing and everything else that’s been going on it’s been catching up to me.” John said, setting the paper on the side table. “Have you come up with anything yet?”
Then he heard the noise of the heavy door to the roof opening, the shutting, and he spun around, moving away from the edge. He didn’t know what he had been expecting. Hopeful to see Sherlock, terrified it might be Moriarty, but instead he saw Molly Hooper. She was tugging her lab coat around her, and then she saw John.
He clicked on the first link, titled “She Knew.” Scrolling through the entry, there was a mashup of words.
Sherlock was sitting on one of the benches, watching the sharks. He knew who was entering the room now.
Finally the worker stood up and announced that the concrete was removed, and it was safe to get whatever had been placed there.
Sherlock raised his head from his hands, looking up to wear Rosie was smiling on John’s lap. Painfully, softly, and full of regret, Sherlock said “I did a DNA test.” He paused, hoping that John would be able to make a conclusion, and that he wouldn’t have to say it.
He sunk down behind the car, looking at the wound. It hadn’t hit him full on in the chest, and he knew that this type of wound wouldn’t kill him. But the loss of blood might. With the hand that wasn’t applying pressure to the wound Lestrade reached for his walkie, and informed anyone that was listening of his location, and that some of the officers were no longer friendly. A voice replied saying that reinforcement was on their way.
Lestrade blanched. He wasn’t used to this kind of action. Murder solving usually didn’t involve so much action, as usually everyone was dead.
“That’s why I brought some supplies. On my chair.” Sherlock said. He went and took the bird picture off the wall, and brought it to the kitchen.
The two officers that had been helping with the oysters, Lestrade, John and Sherlock all stood up from where they had been standing.
Sherlock looked up from where he hand been holding his head in-between his knees as he heard the footsteps of Mycroft enter the waiting room.
“I know you do.” Lestrade said, poking his head over to look through the car window, but ducked as a gunshot was heard and the window broke. “There’s probably a back door, I’ll cover you and you can try getting in that way.”
“What does that mean?” John asked. Sherlock stop up, and John followed. They left the room, John following quicker than usual, leaving the physic to accept her next customer.
Lestrade held his gun out in front of him, and looked around. Everyone had ducked behind cars. He saw one person stand up, aiming at Sherlock. Lestrade swiftly shot him in the arm, and the gun was sent flying. Some more of the traitor officers, or maybe even fake officers-Lestrade wasn’t sure- started shooting in his direction. Some of the officers Lestrade knew he could trust stood up, and starting firing as well.
Sitting here now, with a baby girl in his arms, and John leaning against his legs, he felt the words rise up again. But this time John would still be getting over the shock, and there would be no one there to hear him. But wasn’t that perfect? No one there to hear him practice saying the words out loud.
Then he thought back to Moriarty coming back into the room, and with one glance, him and John deciding that they would die together if it meant taking out Moriarty with them.
Sherlock moved away from the wall, and out into the middle of the room, and saw that John had been made to sit in a chair behind a desk.
John smiled dangerously, the smile he gave when he was very angry. “I’m really going to kill him now.” He said.
Sherlock shook his head. “Guess this is why we didn’t call Lestrade when we found the head outside our door.”
John and Sherlock walked quickly over to where the rest of the officers had gathered. Sherlock pushed ahead, and bent down to look what was there. Carefully he reached in.
“Texting somebody isn’t cheating John.” Sherlock said, certain he had reassured John of this before. “Texting doesn’t really mean anything these days.”
John nodded, or at least tried to. He stopped when his head hurt too much and simply replied with “yes.”
John pulled back the hood, and looked in the stroller, only to see that it was empty. His hands flew back behind his head, pulling on his hair.
John and Sherlock stood outside of the temporary venue that the physic was living in. There was quite a line moving out the door. Everyone from poor looking folk, to people in extremely expensive suits. Despite the range in social classes, they all had a look of curiosity and worry on their faces.
“Ugh! I couldn’t find anything! Not on any criminal websites, not on the black market. I even checked fishermen forums, and nothing seems out of the ordinary. Nothing that he would do.” Sherlock said, the went over and looked to see what John had drawn up.
“He’s trying to get you to see that being around me is dangerous, not just for the people you love, but for anyone you know. He’s doing what he did last time, and trying to isolate me from any sort of help.”
Sherlock looked around the hotel room, at the mess they had made there. How quickly it had become home base, with food wrappers on the floor, and papers spread across tables. He wondered if anyplace could become theirs so quickly, like this one had.
But instead they ended up going back home to Baker Street, shaky and wondering what was going to come for them in the future. Now he was back here, years later. Sherlock had ‘died’; John had been married, widowed, and now a father. The only thing that didn’t feel like it had changed at all was they were still dealing with Moriarty. And Sherlock still hadn’t told John.
“I say next time we see him, one of us shoots him in the head so we don’t have to deal with him anymore, and can move on with our lives.” John said, crossing his arms, and staring past a point off Sherlock’s shoulder.
Eventually they stopped, and look out the windows at each other. Not a lot of space separated them, but it was enough. Sherlock’s phone rang; looking down at it he saw it was another call from Ms. Hudson. He had been getting them all day, but had been ignoring it.
Quickly, John started walking back to find a main street, to get a cab. Confused, Sherlock followed. “Where are we going?” He asked.
“When we first met I wasn’t such a great person. You know that. But as you taught me to be more and more human…I think that I really started to actually understand what I was feeling.”
“Well, you’ve got quite an array here.” She said after looking at all of them. “They would make for an interesting reading.”
I wasn't sure if I would be able to get a chapter out this week! I'm quite proud of myself. Anyway, here's the next installment. I love getting comments from you guys, as well as the kudos. If you keep that up I'll be able to find the motivation to maybe actually finish this story! Anyway, this chapter takes off right at the end of the last one, where Sherlock tells John that John isn't actually Rosie's biological father. Enjoy!
And he had come so close to telling him after Mary’s death, when they were both standing together in 221B Baker Street, and John started expressing his guilt to his wife who was buried miles away. The words had come up again then. But this time he knew it wasn’t a good time again. Instead he stood up and pulled John into his arms, and they had stood there for a long time. Then Sherlock had reassured John that no one could ever be perfect, even him.
“So she’s been in on it since the start.” Sherlock said, wondering why he hadn’t thought about the envelope, and unexplained women’s handwriting. Maybe he had just assumed it had been the Women’s.
“Irene Adler.” Sherlock said, stepping back and taking on John’s approach to looking at the drawings.
Just then Mrs. Hudson walked up the stair, Rosie propped on her side hip. “You two really must stop leaving without warning me if I’m watching Rosie.” She said, handing John’s daughter back to him. “I’m your landlady, not your live-in baby sitter.”
Sherlock and Rosie were still in the chair which he had last seen them. Rosie was curled up in Sherlock arm, fast asleep. Sherlock too had drifted off, head lolling to one side, with his hand still lightly holding onto a book. John moved over to the sleeping pair, and took the book out of Sherlock’s hand, smiling when he saw what it was about.
John laughed. Shutting his eyes he thought of one of the last things he could remember. “What…Moriarty…is he…?” John tried.
“3, 3, 4, 2.” John said, opening one of the entries back up and counting the amount of letters in each word of one sentence. “Do the numbers mean something?”
Sherlock and John had taken down all the drawings from the wall, and preformed the same experiment with lemons and juice. Each one showed a different tarot card design and title on the back.
The name of the child that wasn’t his. Then he scolded himself for thinking that. Rosie would always be his daughter. She had done nothing wrong in this world, and deserved a home, and a father. He realized he didn’t care who her biological father was, she was his to love.
“We need you to tell us what these mean.” Sherlock said, pulling the papers out of the inside of his jacket and setting them on the table in front of them.
“Imagine how good we’d be together.” Moriarty said. “Of course there’s one thing that we would have to get rid of for that to work, now wouldn’t we.” Moriarty said, mimicking a thinking position.
“That sounds fine.” Sherlock said, moving to take the bar codes off the wall. “I’ll be back in a bit.”
Sherlock looked up from where he had been typing something on his laptop, and John looked from where he had been feeding Rosie on the couch. “What is it?” Sherlock demanded.
After cleaning themselves up as best they could, and trying their best to make the room not look like a mad scientist’s layer, they spoke about what the plans for the day would have to be.
John did so, and as Sherlock started patting the back of the page down with cranberry juice, the image started to take form. The shapes were blocky, and hard to make out, but after looking closely enough both John and Sherlock saw the upper half of a woman, standing behind a crescent shaped object. Shapes fill the area behind her, and in the bottom center the words “chariot” could be read.
Sherlock looked around, and saw the item nearest to him was a text book on the workings of the solar system. He had no idea how it had gotten there, and figured that someone must have put it there as a joke. He grabbed the book, moved Rosie in into the crook of his arm, and started reading the introduction out loud to her.
“I was going to tell you.” Mycroft said, sitting at his desk with his arms crossed looking at his brother, and John Watson across from him. He sounded almost scared.
Mary moved into the circular room.  The fish swam all around the walls in complete silence. The blue light of the water reflected around the room.
Sherlock automatically was trying to decode the message. John moved the laptop his way again, and clicked back to the main page, and then to the article below the newest. This one was titled “You Can’t Hide.” And the same random arrangement of numbers filled the page. Looking back at the titles of all the recent blog posts, John’s heart started to beat a little bit faster and faster. “I Know You Did It.” “I’ll Tell Everyone” “Wrong Wrong Wrong” and “You Thought You Were Safe.” These names kept going until John reached the last real blog post, “The Sign of Three” which Sherlock had jokingly written after his wedding.
Another silence ensued before Sherlock turned to the barcodes. “I can easily see what kind of items these belong to. However, getting them scanned somewhere might trigger alerts he has set up.”
“You text me telling me that there might be a bomb outside our door, and then you leave me for hours wondering where you’ve gone off to and if you’re okay!” She continued her rant, following Sherlock and John upstairs.
Rosie started to become unsettled with all the noises, and started to squirm around uncomfortably. Panicking a little, Sherlock started to try and sooth her.
Now he looked directly at Rosie. “I am so sorry.” He said. “I never should have taken my eyes off of you. I never will again. I promise.”
This chapter is half the length of all the other ones. This is because I wanted to end this chapter in a certain spot, and didn't have enough filler in to reach the normal length. To make up for this chapter 10 will either be published this week, or earlier than normal next week. At this point I am pretty sure that I am stopping at chapter 10, and it may be a little bit on the longer side to make up for this short one.
After dinner, John was about to head upstairs, Rosie propped on his waist, when he remembered. He had essentially torn up his and Rosie’s room to shreds earlier in the day. That had felt like ages ago. He could hardly remember it happening. Without looking at the bandage on his hand, he would have questioned if it really had happened.
“What happened after I blacked out?” John asked, not sure if ‘blacked out’ was the correct term for what had happened.
John shrugged. Sherlock moved back to the entrance where they had first entered the market, and then walked along the path they first took. John followed. Suddenly, Sherlock stopped, and looked down at the ground.
“I’ll get it fixed later. Right now we need to get inside.” He stood up, and looked over the car towards the house. “Take out the rest of the fake officers.”
“What does this mean, Sherlock?” John asked looking up from the monitor.  “Is this targeting you or me?”
Lestrade stared at it. The pearl might not have been impressive to someone who had no idea what it was, but to anyone who knew about the legend of the pearl of Borgias would have had the same reaction. Despite the fact that it was a black pearl, the color of it was almost gray, and it shined, even in the limited light provided in the room. John took it out of the officer’s hand, and was surprised at how large it actually was.
“He had help.” Sherlock told John. “I was too distracted with other things to see it. No one ever found his body on the top of that roof. That’s why everyone thought I committed suicide.  If he had been found dead on that roof as well, even Scotland Yard would begin to realize that something was a bit weird.”
And so it ends. Thank you to everyone who read, liked and commented on this story while I was updating. Thank you to anyone who might have read this after it's finished. Writing this over the past 2 months has really been incredible. Sometimes I would get stuck, and not know where to take the story. But I always knew how it would end. With Sherlock and John in Baker Street, together, where they belong.
“Oh okay, we’re playing with guns now are we? Good thing I brought mine too.” Moriarty said, taking his gun out of where he had been evidently keeping it in his back pocket. But instead of pointing it as Sherlock, Moriarty had the gun facing in John’s direction.
“I need you to stay inside the flat.” Sherlock told her. “Stay by a phone, and call me if anything starts happening. I need your cell phone, mines dead.”
Once both had assured themselves that no one was trying to murder Rosie, they were able to loosen the tension in their bodies. John carefully stepped over Sherlock, and went to pick up his daughter. She stopped crying as soon as he had changed her diaper, and then put her in hair high chair with some breakfast.
“No, Cam dialed an ambulance on his phone before I knocked him out. I didn’t realize until after you told your version of the story. I thought that I had really killed you. And I was glad.”
Ciarda wore loose fitted clothing, which made her appear larger than her actual frail body. Her hair was knotted and braided in different parts, and she wore heavy eye makeup and lipstick. She looked almost like a cartoon character, John thought.
“Now for Doctor Watson. You have the tower, which both ways means revelation, but you have it upside down, so the means a fear of change. You have the right side up devil, which means addiction and sexuality, the hermit, which both ways is a lonely card, but yours means that you are soul-searching. You also have the hanged man facing the right way, so that means lettering go, as well as sacrifice, and finally death, facing the right way which symbolizes both endings and beginnings.”
The question hit Sherlock full force. He took an unconscious, mouth opening, his body trying to get a breath.
John couldn’t figure out what he had done wrong in his life. He had saved so many people. He wasn’t a religious man, but couldn’t help but wonder if this was payback for killing Mary. After thinking about it though, he realized that Mary had slept with someone else, and gave birth to someone else’s child, before he had ever considered needing to kill her in order to save Sherlock.
John was about to step in the back of the long line, but Sherlock grabbed his arm’s coat and pulled him to the front door. There was a man waiting outside, almost like a bouncer, to take people’s money to let them in.
Then Mrs. Hudson looked even more worried, “Of course I am. Why wouldn’t I be? Where are the other two?”
“It’s a map.” Sherlock said. “See these small lines here, that are slightly darker than the rest on each of the cards? I kept moving the papers around until they all lined up, and it’s a pretty broad map of London.”
John looked down at the list, was silent for a moment, then said “do you remember, the package that you got, back when Moriarty was doing all the bombings stuff? The brown envelope?”
Once the shooting ceased someone called that the coast was clear, and they started moving towards the house. But then there was a voice from within the cab.
“Not really. Except that it was much easier to open. Of course that oyster there didn’t make this pearl though, so that makes sense.” She said.
Sherlock had ducked behind the police car that Lestrade and he had arrived in. Lestrade had also taken cover there too, and looked over at Sherlock.
“What about the titles of these entries though. ‘She Knew?’ ‘I Know You Did It?’ ‘I’ll Tell Everyone?’ what is that all supposed to mean?” John asked, almost angrily.
When the battery on Sherlock’s phone died he threw it aside, and stood up, shaking his hair with his hands.
About a week later John was allowed to return home. He hadn’t spoken to Sherlock since his first day of being conscious again.
“For Sherlock, you have the upside down chariot, which means lack of control. You have the upside down magician, which means manipulation, and poor planning. You also have the upside fool, which means naivety and foolishness. Also the upside down wheel of fortune, which means out of control, and finally the right side up lovers, which means love, union, and relationships.” Ciarda said reciting each of them like she had done a million times over.
He laid back down, knowing that he probably wouldn’t be able to fall asleep again, but he had decided to give it a go anyways. He tried to pry his mind away from what Moriarty was going to do now that he was back, but each time his mind drifted close to unconsciousness again, he was scanted back.
Sherlock didn’t reply, and wasn’t looking at the pearl. Instead he was examining the oyster which is had come out of. He looked at the officer. “Did you notice anything different about this one before opening it?”
The burning tower, was of course the Tower.  The one of the devil eating the knight was the Devil, the one of the dragon turning into the devil was the Magician, and the one of just the knight and dragon was the Fool. The mermaid was the Hermit. The puppets dangling on the string was the Wheel of Fortune. The one with the blonde lady by the pool was shown as the Hanged Man and the one with the women looking out the window was Death. The two crowns was the Lovers.
Sherlock nodded, it was a good point. But what he was most interested in was that John had decided to call Rosie his daughter. That was good for all of them.
“Dead.” Mrs. Hudson said, voice hard. This time he is defiantly dead, and you don’t have to worry about him anymore.”
“Whatever it is, you obviously don’t want to tell me.” John said. “But apparently you’re going to have to, because if he knows that you were doing it, he’s gonna know if you’ve told me or not.”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked, not questioning the choice, but making sure John was ready for it. John nodded.
Lestrade looked closely at the pearl. “We won’t know for sure until we give it the proper tests, but if I had to bet money on it, I would say it is. How did you do it, Sherlock?” Lestrade asked, peeling his eyes of the gem.
Sherlock rethought the items. If they were all connected. Perfume, lipstick, and contacts. Maybe he was hiding himself as some lady. A jellyfish stuffed animal, could be disguising himself as a mother. The only other thing that didn’t fit into this solution was the oysters.
He singled for the officers to move back. He knew John was in there, he knew Sherlock was in there. And he wasn’t going to be responsible for two of his closest friend’s deaths, even if it meant taking out London’s greatest threat.
Sherlock knew that it was highly unlikely he would find any evidence, it had been so long. And they already had all but proven that Mary had worked for Moriarty before meeting John. He didn’t know what good it would do to prove it farther, but he looked anyways. Nothing.
John maneuvered the stroller around him, so he could see as well. There was the cerement bump in the pavement he had avoided with the stroller earlier. At a closer inspection John noticed that that section of pavement was darker than the rest around it, so it had been set fairly recently. Sherlock smiled. “Call Lestrade.” He said. “We’re setting up a crime scene."
“You said he wasn’t back.” John said slowly, his pointer finger moving between the laptop and Sherlock’s face, which was still very close. “How can he be back? He blew his own brains out.” John said, quoting himself from a couple months ago.
An hour or so later, John was dressed out of his morning robe, and Sherlock had finally moved out of the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson had come up to take Rosie out with her to do the morning shopping.
The time it took was agonizing. Sherlock had insisted on watching the whole thing, but eventually lost patience, and walked over to a bench where John was sat, the stroller with Rosie in it on the other side of him.
“Don’t go anywhere.” He said. “It’s all going to be okay.” But he had forgotten that babies generally don’t understand words, and only tones of voices, and so his almost-demanding voice had the opposite effect of what he had intended. Rosie started to cry, softly.
John had been prodding Sherlock for answers on the quick walk back to 221B Baker Street, but Sherlock had not replied. It was only when they entered the flat, and Sherlock sat in his chair, hands holding his head, that he showed any sign that he had heard John.
When he got to 221B Baker Street, his friends had thrown together a little party for him coming back home. There were a couple balloons, and a cake which Rosie had snuck much of the frosting off of.
Continuing to ignore Sherlock, John moved his mouse around the webpage some more, clicking on different articles. This page is what the internet browser automatically opened up to, and he hardly visited any other sites. He was able to start typing in the google section when he realized that there was no search bar. Or address bar. He wasn’t actually online, or on his real blog.
As the sun was setting, both got out of a cab in the parking lot of the identical buildings. The cabs pulled away, and John and Sherlock walked to each other.
If anyone noticed and/or was upset that I missed a week of updating this I apologize. I was sick all last week, and had family visiting, so was a tiny bit busy. Then it took awhile to get back into the swing of whatever the heck I'm writing. Anyway, enjoy chapter 5! If anyone has any suggestions as to something you want to happen in this story feel free to leave a comment, and I'll either do some wish-fulfillment, or do the exact opposite.
Once Lestrade started telling a story however, John walked over to where Sherlock had been standing in a corner, using the crutches he had been given to get there.
“3, 3, 4, 2. It has nothing to do with the letters, those are all completely random. Did, 3, you, 3, miss 4, me, 2.
“So where is this really?” John said, looking for any distinctly shaped streets that he would be able to recognize.
John put the paper down, and walked into the kitchen, and found that Sherlock had rearranged the papers, in a seemingly completely random way. Sherlock was standing up, and looking straight down at them.
John moved to one of the windows, and pulled the curtain aside. He could see that some of the ‘officers’ had turned their guns on Sherlock, Lestrade, and some of the more confused looking officers. John’s hands clenched.
“Oh Sherlock, he’ll never know. He’ll think you died for some silly case. And then I won’t ever have to worry about him leaving me.” Mary said.
“Yes.” Sherlock said, paused, and then continued. “They do. If you don’t mind I would like to hold onto these for a bit.”
Then he heard speaking, the sound of John’s voice. He couldn’t quite make out the words though. He moved along the walls to that direction. He paused when he heard Moriarty’s voice. It had been awhile, and it felt strange to hear the words of someone he had considered dead. Someone he wished had truly died.
Sherlock held the gun that Lestrade had given him, and pointed it at Moriarty. “I can’t say I would enjoy that.” He said.
But what was on his mind now more than ever, was that “Mary” or Rosamunde, her actual name, had been working for Moriarty the whole time. He had not been told by anyone, but had come to the conclusion that Moriarty had sent her to him. Now, John was questioning if Mary had ever loved him at all. And if he truly ever loved her.
It was very clear in Roben’s reaction to the sight of Stephen pacing the hallway outside the morgue in his mystic garb, that it was the first time he’d set eyes on a legitimate sorcerer. He knew they existed, Judith’s arrest-records proved
, Greg. She lost a loyal, devoted husband.” Judith put an arm around Greg, offering a bit of support, “If she strayed because you worked too hard, then she married you for the wrong reasons.”
“Well, that’s how I met him formally.” John looked at Greg, who gave him a look. “What? I didn’t cause any trouble once you had me cuffed, did I?”
She fought dirty, which didn’t surprise Sherlock. The fight was brief and violent, and when John reeled back, claw-marks were clearly visible on his muzzle. Those would heal quickly, of course, but…Sherlock hissed and lunged. Between the two of them, they subdued Donovan. If she died, Sherlock had no regrets for her passing. The sound of bone snapping was what signalled the end, and the form between John’s jaws went limp. He dropped her in a heartbeat and shrank from full Cù-Sìth size to…well, Sherlock wasn’t certain what breed it was, but he thought John might have chosen a Utonagan. He let himself shrink as well and approached his mate as John collapsed on the pavement, nuzzling the damp fur. It wasn’t bloody anymore, but the injuries were still present. It smelled like John, and that was all that mattered to Sherlock.
“The driver forgot he had the suitcase, it was still in the car when he left here.” She looked around the dark streets, “He wouldn’t have gone far to dump it once he realized he still had it. Anywhere within five minute’s drive. Check skips and alley-ways. I’d help but…” She waved at the scene behind them.
“Oh, let me guess: I get killed.” At this rate, he wouldn't put it past someone with Jim Moriarty’s skills and resources.
“One of your neighbours called Emergency Services, Miss Riley.” Judith said calmly, “Has anyone been hurt in your house?”
“And Sherlock Holmes is arrogant, a bit more than too smart, and won’t shut up half the time. Which one is worse?”
with his time? Sherlock finished what he was doing in the kitchen and went out again, taking his place next to John, it seemed natural for him to be there. John sat down in the red armchair, Sherlock stood by him for a bit.
“Here.” Handing over a silver key. He gave John the key to his case and carefully opened John’s. Folded carefully inside and wrapped in leather and cheesecloth, was a thick, soft pelt that matched the lining of John’s coat.
Out on the pool-deck, Sherlock Holmes had not come to Camden Sports Center alone, and he didn’t come unarmed. Or unprepared. Mycroft had witnessed Judith’s kidnapping and called them after he’d heard from Greg Lestrade asking if she’d left Baker Street. Apparently, she had never made it home. Sherlock had wasted no time putting a plan into motion to get Judith back safely. And that planning had led them to this moment. To the pool-deck in Camden, with a memory-stick full of stolen plans. And a foolish hope that this wouldn't backfire on all of them and get everyone killed. John Watson and Greg Lestrade had both accompanied him, all but insisting on coming along when the explained his plans to them. And right now, Sherlock was glad to have some company.
“Perhaps.” She bit her lip as Moriarty…no, Jim, took her hand in his hand bowed to offer up a proper gentleman’s kiss.
“Unless my people see you jump.” Something in Sherlock’s chest tightened, and the words swirled in a menacing echo in every corner of his conscious mind: “You can have me arrested; you can torture me; you can do anything you like with me; but nothing’s gonna prevent them from pulling the trigger. Your only three friends in the world will die... unless…”
“Judith!” John and Sherlock were as genuinely surprised to see her as Brook. She put herself between the Baker Street detectives and their unlikely target, who was either
“How do you think? I’ve been doing this for fifteen years, Sherlock, you know I’ve seen and served with the princes at least once. Not that I recall it very clearly, but apparently someone up there does.” She finished reading the letter, “I was kind of wondering why I kept getting listed for all of those high honours when I’m barely old enough to be taken seriously.”
“Here.” Came the reply from the bedroom that had been empty earlier. John just smiled and slid open the frosted-glass door.
“Anyone who didn’t know where they were going, ’cause they were drunk or lost or new in town.” He chuckled, “Anyone I could walk through the wrong door.” Sherlock frowned thoughtfully.
“Take it easy. I’m not going to hurt you.” It was John. Sherlock looked down where they touched and then up to meet John’s gaze.
“I can think of one or two.” Hutchison said softly. John shoved the door open and got out, clutching Ford Holmes’s wallet in one hand, keeping the door between himself and the twins.
Judith wasn’t sure how long she slept, but something kept making the mattress twitch and she finally opened her eyes. Sherlock had her half-pinned to the bed, he was dead asleep. Her watch read a bit ahead of four. So much for boring sleep. She squirmed free of Sherlock and propped herself up on one arm to peer over him. On the other side of Sherlock, her brother was thrashing in his sleep. It was more of a twitch than anything truly violent, but he was clearly having a nightmare. His eyes were screwed shut, and she wasn’t sure if his face was damp because of sweat, tears, or both. His tee-shirt stuck to his skin and his skin was clammy to the touch. A nightmare for sure.
Behind them, Judith unlocked the cuff on Sherlock’s left hand and transferred it to John’s left wrist, chaining the boys together and collecting the hand-cuffs they had used to restrain John until they could get him to the street. Sherlock looked over his shoulder, watching what she was doing and where they were standing as she hooked the hand-cuffs to her duty-belt and pocketed that cuff-key.
After paying the bill, which John was not allowed to see, Mycroft took him home and made him promise to at least
with a DI who worked in CID and kept the craziest hours she’d ever seen. But now, she would keep those hours right next to him. That was nice.
“Sort of.” Judith leaned against the frame of a doorway that led to a coat-room. On one wall a cork-board was adorned with key-rings, Donovan took a set of keys from these hooks and checked the tag on the ring. She made a note in a log and pocketed the keys, turning out the lights of the coat-room and closing the door as she left.
“We’re not exactly typical siblings, and less what people expect of two doctors. For god’s sake, I’m a police-officer!”
“It never seemed important.” He shrugged. Sherlock snorted. Saying their goodbyes, John and Sherlock stopped by The Met to file formal reports on the case and then returned to Baker Street. Not quite business as usual, but damn close enough. Now all they had to do was come back from the dead. Well, Sherlock had to come back from the dead, John not so much.
“Jim? Jim from the hospital?” He began to walk alongside the deep end again. Sherlock brought up his other hand to support his aim. Not that he really needed it, it was a precaution.
“Just checking in.” He chuckled, remembering that conversation, “I guess they haven’t blown up Baker Street yet.”
“Oh, hell…three months ago? Not the same without you, though. Bloody lonely place.” John looked at him briefly, eyes misty in the ambient lights, “Mary wanted to live there, but I wouldn’t let her. Told ‘er there were too many memories, too many ghosts. But really…”
“I’m not proud of that, Mycroft. If I’d been serious about stopping him, I wouldn't have waited this long.”
“Ah.” He leaned over the back of Sherlock’s chair. “Abnormally elevated carbon dioxide levels in the blood. And you said frostbite?”
“Not a clue. I’m sure gonna keep my eyes open, though.” She wasn’t surprised when he joined her in the shower, he’d been doing that more in the few days since her promotion. They’d continued to keep their relationship quiet from their coworkers, and the only one who actually knew about it was Sally, who wasn’t about to tell anyone else. When she got to the office, there was a notice at her desk alerting her to her change of duties for today. She was on patrol for the day, her car was waiting. When she showed Greg, he rolled his eyes.
“Your brother, John, was with us for a while as he sought healing for his body.” The woman, taller and paler than Sherlock, and…hairless, smiled. She was pretty, in a strange sort of way.
“I don’t live by quite the same code of rules that you do, Mr Lachey. And really, it’s in your best interest to not detain me against my will or threaten my life further.” Sherlock hadn’t looked away from the man in front of him once, but John raised an eyebrow. He hadn’t made himself known to them, he’d been pretty subtle about following Sherlock from Leicester Square to this garage, but that didn’t mean Sherlock hadn’t noticed him.
“Hurry up, Jude!” John was already out of sight, leaving her to get her head on straight and follow him wherever he was going. She ran to catch up with him, finally tracking him down in a wide open room. The Ancient One was there, which didn’t actually surprise her that much.
“Ah. Thank you, Mr Anderson.” John smiled at the Specialist, rethinking his initial impression of the man.
“Oh, Q, you did not.” John stopped when he saw a tarp-covered shape nearby. He had no idea what was under that tarp, but he had the feeling it was expensive, highly-modified, and fully customized to the agent it was intended for.
Well, that was pretty telling. The look on Riley’s face was priceless. So much for sweethearts. Judith had to wonder what, exactly, Riley had been promised in exchange for her services.
“Of course we will be.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and hauled John into a flat that looked very much as it had that day so long ago. Nothing looked like it had been touched. A few things had been moved, a few things were missing, but nothing he couldn’t do without. The Evidence Wall was bare, the science equipment was gone from the kitchen, and he suspected the refrigerator was quite empty. But that didn’t matter a whistle. Objects could be replaced, people couldn’t. And if there was one thing Sherlock had learned during his years away from Baker Street, it was that John Watson was the most important, most valuable thing in his life.
“He likes to cuddle after a case like this last one, Jude. That’s all.” John said as he handed over his black shooting jacket and headed into the kitchen to make tea after toeing off his shoes, “But he’s a bit of an octopus, just so you know.”
it?” Greg sighed, raking shaky fingers through his hair, “You’re her teacher, yeah? The one from, uh, Kamar-Taj?”
“Um. I’m...pretty sure I’m real.” Watson was shorter than he by several inches, but he didn’t seem to have any problem making his presence felt. It was that safe, familiar feeling Sherlock remembered from their very brief encounter a few weeks ago.
“Then I choose for you, and I force it down your throat.” The cabbie shrugged, “Right now there’s nothing
, Mycroft, that’s all. Nothing more, nothing less.” She realized she had one hand on her side-arm and loosened her grip, “I’m not supposed to talk to suspects beyond taking them into custody.”
“Mhm.” She didn’t see him, but his voice was soft and deep, and she heard him move in behind her. Judith sighed and went through her shower routine. But while she hadn’t been looking, Sherlock had quietly swapped out her soap for a different type. It smelled like sandalwood and lavender. Judith smiled and soaped up, thrilled to discover it was an all-in-one. She rinsed the new soap out of her hair and added a bit of conditioner to keep things smooth out of the shower. Sherlock was right behind her as they stepped out, exchanging towels and touches and getting dried off.  Judith pulled on a pair of clean combat trousers and vest, opting to go commando for convenience. She towel-dried her hair and pulled it into a messy bun.
“Everyone’s so stupid – even you.” There was deliberate venom in those words, a baited hook. Sherlock’s gaze sharpened a little as he looked back at the man who had kidnapped him and then made what could potentially be a fatal mistake of bringing him
“Well, boys, if you can behave yourselves, I’m off to bed!” Mrs Hudson said cheerfully, “Already taken my soothers, and I’ll have earplugs in, so don’t worry about me!”
She had pulled her hamstring muscle chasing the suspect, but was damn lucky she hadn’t been shot. He
“Here on business, Mrs Hudson.” Greg murmured apologetically as they stepped into the house and he waved Judith and Sally up ahead of him.
to do them by myself, I don’t use them. But it’s with great pleasure I get to take you into custody, Mr. Costas.” She read the suspect and called for a uniformed car to come and get him. She placed a spell that kept him from using his own magic to escape at any time, stopping short of stripping him of his magic. She wasn’t strong enough for that, and without his sling-ring, he couldn't do much. As the car pulled away, she pocketed her own sling-ring and leaned against the nearby wall to catch her breath.
“He is a clanless renegade púca who cares for nought but his own skin and has no regard for those caught in the crossfires of his mischief. His power is nought to ours.” Alexandra said harshly, reaching out to take their hands, “You boys listen to me, and listen
any lights on. The curtains were drawn, but she’d be a damned fool if she didn’t think he was sitting in there and watching the street. She slowed down and leaned against the gate, trying to catch her breath and hating the weather for the ache in her thigh.
“Just talk. Nothing in particular. Please, sit.” Judith was good at charming anyone she pulled, he was curious to see if she could get Hope to cooperate. Sherlock felt a hand on his arm and knew it was John.
of his brother’s friends, they had proven themselves valuable to him many times. Making sure respective troublesome family-members were no longer a threat was a simple matter for him.
“Yeh, I know!” She gave him an elbow and snagged the bag from him, “Too hungry to miss dinner tonight.” He sent her off to The Bathhouse to take a shower. While he waited for her to come back, he took the box out, cracking it open to look at the ring.
“Lead on, then.” He waved for her to lead the way, and followed as she set off for The Mall. It was a quiet, foggy circuit past Buckingham Palace and down The Mall straight-away, there a few more people out than before, but Saint James’s Park was still very quiet.
“Hard to when you’re on the streets.” He cleared his throat and picked up his glasses and biro again.
Once she was dressed and ready for the day, she made sure she had everything and returned the car to Kensington, relieved that her one patrol had been based out of the same station she’d been working from the last six months. As she left the Kensington Police Station, Judith debated the probability of her timing in order to catch a ride in with Greg, who usually left for work right about this time. She had done it before when she would stay over at John and Sherlock’s for a night. And even without any prior warning, she hadn’t been standing on the kerb more than a minute tops before the familiar silver car pulled around the corner and stopped at the kerb.
