"Thank you!" Mr. Stark chimed in again. Steve turned around for just a moment to see him wiping crust from the corners of his eyes. "Finally, someone is making sense around here."
Steve shook his head.
“Mr. Stark has a meeting in Chelsea, and it should take an hour. I can swing by to pick you up while he’s there.”
“Because I do, Steve, and I’m pissed I needed alcohol to say it. You tell me things about Barnes, about your friends, showing me pictures of what your life was like once … And I’m too afraid to tell you how I feel even right now. It’s not fair to you.”
“Because I know you. You have a good heart, Steve. Stop isolating it. Tell him what you are afraid to tell him.”
person you let your friend date, good God.” Tony took a deep breath. “Okay, how’s my hair?”
“First date was awkward as hell. I told him about Bucky straightaway because if we were going to make it work then he had to know. Second date, I brought him pizza. He asked me about Austria, I told him I didn’t want to talk about it, he
“So you won’t see me for awhile, is what I’m saying. I leave tomorrow and get back the following … Whatever day is ten days after that.”
“Nat.”
“See you on Monday?”
"Oh!" The kid's eyes lit up. "Because he's brilliant. He does everything, invents things that would take a thousand people ten more years to think up. Tony Stark is like the sun and everything else in the world of technology revolves around him.”
Nat ignored the question.
Tony disappeared into the workshop on Tuesday. He came up for a meeting on Wednesday and when Steve tried to approach him, Tony held up one hand.
"This first one is a contract for your services, specifying the $50,000 monthly allowance, so I will need to rewrite and print a new one. This second one, which I need you to sign now, is a non-disclosure agreement."
“Feeling like shit. You?”
He pressed the call button and it rang three times before it clicked. Steve’s heart nearly fell out his ass when he heard the sleepy voice on the other end.
Pepper is literally ready to murder Tony at any point in time, with the firm knowledge she would be able to bring him back from the dead in time for that morning's board meeting.
Steve shook his head and playfully rolled her eyes. She offered her hand, which he accepted.
“You get me.”
Steve swallowed thickly and asked, “Is it?”
“How are you, Ms. Haag?”
is the best I can ask for right now.”
“You’re joking, right? That’s a joke.”
you say things like that, but that I believe you when you say them.”
great for her.”
"What do you mean?"
"How is Tony?"
“Ain’t that the truth!” Happy grinned and opened the door. “Do you want to keep your stuff with you, or put it in the trunk?”
“I was calling to let you know we plan to attend,” said Tony. “And ask about the dress code.”
found the time to mention there is a possibility you won’t even
“If past is prologue.”
Sam wondered, “When will you see him again?”
Steve laced his fingers together and twirled his thumbs as he spoke.
Steve stared at the door and wondered why. When had he decided to stop being himself? The obvious answer was that he stopped being Captain America when Bucky died. But as Steve sat there in Tony Stark’s God-only-knew-how-many-millions-this-cost penthouse, that answer didn’t feel right. Any man would’ve cried after losing his childhood best friend. Any man would mourn a lost love. But when had he stopped? Maybe that was the problem: Steve never stopped reliving that heartbreak.
Steve groaned, “I hate all of you.”
Dr. Gilbert blubbered nonsense, "Well I will not stand for ... Fairy boy ... Insult ..." but Steve could only smile harder. He dropped his hold on Tony and patted Gilbert's shoulders.
"It's rude to make me fall in love with you so fast," Tony quipped. "You're a walking Hallmark movie."
"Rhodey?! Hell, yes! My best friend, my better half, my ... Wait, no, what if you like him more than you like me? Who wouldn't? Maybe you should hide here until something goes wrong, which is always, and the Air Force calls him back."
"Who is your date, Mr. Stark?!"
“As soon as I can. I’ve put it off for months, but sometimes I get really heavy. It feels like I’ve run a marathon when I’ve barely moved ten feet. Or I can be up for three days and not know the difference. I’m … I’m scared. Either way I’m scared.”
“Really?” Steve asked, “Why do you think so?”
“It’s a compound for the joints of various pipes. I’ll use it to fix your showerhead.”
Tony walked out the door and shouted over his shoulder,
"Presents?" Steve asked, following Tony to the kitchen.
“You don’t need to be.”
"Because I wasn't only putting myself in danger, Tony; I put other people in harm's way. I wasn't thinking clearly anymore and I will never lead people unless I am capable of doing it. It became clear I could no longer serve the army in that capacity and I'm not gonna sit at a desk. They agreed to give me an honorable discharge if I left quietly."
“We were so happy once.”
"What about James?" Tony asked. "What does he do?"
“Tony Stark’s a cheap date?” Contessa Valentina Allegra de la Fontaine raised a perfectly-shaped eyebrow. “That’s a first.”
Bucky.
Steve laughed and jokingly pressed his palm to his chest and in an awful impression of a nineteenth century debutante, he asked,
“Thanks.” Tony said, rather offhandedly, “My mom would’ve loved you.”
“Steve.”
"No, I'm just trying to acclimate. This is ... harder than I thought it would be."
“Then you have your answer.”
“Well, I think you’re pretty fucking great, Steve. Tonight you’re going to take me to dinner and we will talk about Peggy. You’re going to tell me everything I need to be prepared for this, and to help you through it. Tomorrow morning, you’ll go for a run and come back to a nice, warm shower. And on August 15th the two of us will be the best-looking, most supportive couple that your girl Peggy needs us to be. Because you’re strong like that, and I will learn to be.”
“Right.”
Drinking, then. Steve felt incredibly shitty, knowing he'd driven Tony back to that point. It made Steve more determined than ever to make it right.
Steve opened his eyes and looked down at Tony to say,
Steve blushed. Tony just smiled at her and insisted,
"'Impulsive' was the word they used. It's a nice way for them to say I didn't care whether I lived or died. I threw myself into our ops, always took the riskiest approach and nearly got men killed in the process. I only met Sam because my stupid ass got trapped and he is Air Force pararescue."
"Get used to it."
“Put it in simple terms for me.”
“Oh?”
enjoy sleeping with you?”
“You’re so right, Tony. Always with the valid perspective.”
"I see the same people every week at the VA," Steve countered. "We speak about things, very personal things."
“Yes, Tony. That was a joke.”
"Hey there, big fella," the small one said. Midwestern.
Tony sipped some water then asked, "How long ago did he die?"
“It doesn’t feel like you believe me.”
"Mr. Jarvis, where is Tony now?"
"I knew your boss was Mr. Stark, but I didn’t realize …” Steve shook his head. “Please tell me what is going on."
“That title hasn’t fit for some time.”
Steve finally finds that Vanity Fair article everyone keeps talking about, and his relationship to Tony ends before it even begins.
“I don’t understand.”
"Tony, I was in love with another male soldier. I was used to it a decade ago."
Tony nudged Steve with his shoulder and asked, “You jealous, Rogers?”
Tony patted him on the shoulder and said, "Sure we are. Now, come on, I have to introduce you to some assholes."
“Monday.”
He headed to the kitchen, piled a few thick books on his table and set his phone against them. Steve closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and … decided to change his shirt.
“Anyone ever tell you how good you look in a suit, Rogers?”
“I am more comfortable here.”
"Which is?"
He was waiting for the sky to fall.
No answer, only eyes wide with fear.
"You could be the worst relationship I've ever had, and I'd still have to keep you."
It made his stomach twist, the thought of lying like that. But then, who did he have in his life to lie to? His friends were either dead, overseas, or undercover. He was not familiar with Tony Stark's life, outside of the spare moment someone left the television on TMZ or Mr. Stark's face was plastered across a tabloid cover. A man's poor personal decisions shouldn't impact the share he held in his own company. He wasn't hurting anyone; only himself. And Steve knew about self-sabotage better than most.
, then remove the shrapnel which has, apparently gotten closer to my heart instead of further away. Because nothing is ever that fucking easy. I don’t like the idea of someone messing around in my chest, Steve. It worked out the first time, I don’t think I’m lucky enough for it to work twice.”
“You couldn’t keep up.”
"I don't think you should lose that," Tony said, his voice jarringly soft. "When you haven't got anything else, hope is a nice thing to have."
His phone vibrated in his back pocket. Steve pulled it out to see an incoming call from “Subatomic Particle Overlord.” He sighed as he answered,
"He was half-asleep."
Nat challenged him with, “How did
“Right now, all I’m thinking about is you.”
“I talked to Peggy last week.”
“That’s not fun?”
"I like Tony's better," Steve admitted. He needed to change the subject. Think, Rogers. Think! “How did you meet Tony?”
"But I'm not ashamed."
“That picture was taken in London, I’d taken her to the ballet. Peggy is the sort of person who makes the universe bend around her, like you, actually. This was shortly before Bucky died, back when we were happy.”
The smile on Tony's face disappeared. He swallowed thickly and looked away, searching for a way out of this line of questioning. He grabbed Steve's hand, pulled him away and shouted,
He didn't know what to say.
Miss Potts didn't ask many questions.
“Can you turn off Captain Rogers for a minute? I need to talk to you about something and don’t want you to analyze it like that. I need to talk to
"You are a presumptuous asshole, Steve." Tony crossed his arms and leaned further back in his chair. "Everyone loses people they love, but you haven't asked who I lost or what happened to me in Afghanistan."
"You were presented with an opportunity to make your first true connection to someone outside of the military. Not only that, but this connection was guaranteed to last a full year, and perhaps even beyond. Is it really a surprise you jumped at the chance?"
Tony’s face fell.
"If you think Tony would need my help to kick your ass," Steve said, "you have greatly misread the situation."
as his boyfriend. Steve accepted this part of himself, only for it to be thrown back in his face. He shook himself out of those thoughts because this discussion wasn’t about him. It was about Tony.
“It’s exactly what you already said.”
"Then ..." Steve awkwardly cleared his throat. "How does this work? What do you need me to do?"
"Tony, if you insist on crashing this job interview, I will have to insist on ignoring you.”
Rhodes laughed and said, "I have to tell you about the time he set his bed on fire."
"Yes, you can come in."
“Can I look around a bit and see if you have anything I might—"
"I'm sure he has an oven," Steve quipped as he lifted his fingers from the handle. "You seem to know Tony well."
“His ex introduced us.”
“What did you want to say, then?”
"You're not gay."
"I'm a gentleman," Steve teased. "Dicks stay in pants on the first date."
Steve rolled his eyes. The number of people with his phone number had doubled over the previous 36 hours. Once he opened the front door, though, he could tell that the supposed “perks” of dating Tony Stark weren’t so much perks as “ridiculous opulence.”
Maria let her hand run down Tony’s face with a soft smile before playing with the hair at the back of his neck. “What is it, Tony?”
When the alpha was close enough, Maria let go of her son, trying to hold back her own emotions as she watched the couple hug each other tightly.
“Alone or with someone else?”
“Hard to say. There might be new stuff for me, but maybe not for you.” Tony shrugged. War was tough, especially on shipments of many goods. New clothing styles were a luxury, and many people simply made do with what they already had. However, the demand for omega clothing had never been higher, especially when many were mated to alphas who were off at war. Omegas demanded new clothes almost on the daily just so they would have things to keep their alphas happy and entertained when sending photographs in their letters.
Tony couldn’t say that he felt absolutely terrible for just leaving his father a note that he was headed to Czechoslovakia, but he didn’t feel great about it. He was sure Howard was attempting to get ahold of Steve, but as far as Tony could tell, Steve wasn’t answering any calls he might be getting, which Tony appreciated greatly. Besides, it seemed like Howard hadn’t noticed any of the training Tony had been doing to get ready for the mission. That was a good thing, but Tony was sure that when he got back, he was getting a stern talking to.
Walking over to Tony, the alpha smiled. "Feel better now?"
"I prefer Captain Hydra now." The blond smirked as he ran a hand down Tony chest, fingers brushing over his nipples.
“If you’re finished, my father would like to see you,” Tony spat bitterly, crumpling up the designs for Steve’s new suit in his hand.
Steve stepped out after Tony, straightening his tux jacket before offering his arm to the omega.
“You look so beautiful,” Maria said, cupping Tony’s face with her hands. “You used to complain so much about having to dress up for these parties, you know.”
“To put it simply, yes. This super soldier project we are working on is similar to experiments Schmidt was working on. He didn’t use the serum correctly, but we figured out the correct way to use it, thanks to Doctor Erskine. That’s how we got Steve to turn into what he is now.”
“Well, when I own the building, it’s easy for me to make sure I have my own personal lab...and penthouse.” Tony grinned, walking around a table and patting a robotic arm with a claw that  opened and closed at him in a surprisingly affectionate way. “Yes, yes, Daddy’s back. He brought a friend.” he then turned to pet another robotic arm that had a fire extinguisher, “I know he’s hot but no douching Daddy’s friend unless he’s actually on fire.”
Tony’s heart pounded hard in his chest when the car lunged forward, chasing down the plane and Steve. He had a moment to catch his breath, and he put a hand over his beating heart to relax, not wanting to stress too much for the sake of his baby. He admitted it was a stupid decision to come and fight, but he had to. He absolutely had to in order to prove his father wrong. When Tony’s hand was met with a strange wetness, he lowered his hand and glanced down at it briefly. Blood. That’s what it was. He was bleeding, and he hadn’t noticed it because of the coloring of his uniform. He just had to have chosen his uniform to be the same color as blood.
Steve hesitated before he answered. “Europe.”
“I suppose we can risk not being appropriate for one kiss right now.”
Steve gave a quizzical look before Tony handed him a small box. He took the decorative paper off of it, then he looked back at the brunet. “Tony…”
“I will, I promise.” The alpha pulled back, looking down at Tony with a sort of sadness in his eyes. He was going to miss Tony.
Clint hummed, “I haven’t eaten yet...can we stop for a pizza to eat on the way?”
“I think you’d get along well with Thor.” Bruce nodded with a smile.
"What in god's name makes you think that I want to be alone with you right now," Tony spat.
Pulling his mask up, Tony smirked as the shield went up around him, allowing his own bullets to shoot through but blocking the ones coming towards him. He let out a whoop of excitement as he charged forward, taking down five Hydra agents with a single sweep of his gun.
“If you have any favorites in particular, you can mention them to J. He’ll add them to your play list. I’ll admit, I don’t know much about old music. My parents listened to it but I always listened to the modern stuff.”
“And would you like me to make those, or buy them from some local place?”
Tony nodded. “In case something happens… I want to wait.”
Tony trusted her, hoping she left a note or something… or hoping that she didn’t leave any sort of note. “Okay, so where are we changing our clothes at?”
“Alright, well, if you need anything, dear, don’t hesitate to ask.” Maria pulled back and cupped her son’s face. “I love you.”
Steve kept going even after the omega had reached his orgasm, thrusting as deep as he could before his knot started to inflate, making it harder to make full deep thrusts. His knot caught a few times on Tony’s hole before it stuck inside, and the alpha let out a loud growl right next to Tony’s ear, powering to his orgasm with rough half-thrusts while locked tight in the omega. He came deep and fast, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist while his teeth nearly ached to bite down on the omega’s neck.
“No… No, it was someone else, and… you would have loved them so much.” Tony wiped his eyes as he sat back in Steve’s lap. “We… we had a baby, Steve.”
“You’re right about that. I always prefer working in my lab or going on our cute little burger dates.”
“I can do lacy underthings.” Tony shrugged, “Single omegas are very limited on what we can shop for and cute panties are one of those few things. I have a decent collection already.”
Steve gave the man a confused look as he caught his breath. “Break what?”
“Then we better get ready,” Tony said to everyone else. “We don’t have time to lose.”
Tony closed his eyes once more and curled in closer to Steve. He’d never thought of Steve being a perfectionist, but if he wasn’t, then how did he managed to score the perfect omega as his future husband?
Loads of designs suddenly filled Steve's field of vision, each one unique and accompanied by pages of digital notes, most of it mathematical equations. As if Steve couldn't already be more impressed by the omega's work, he found himself nearly speechless at Tony's own creative works. Sharp lines and smooth curves littered the designs in ways that got Steve's artistic mind working overtime.
“Then I suppose just a trim is in order. You can have your longer hair, but there’s no need for it to look unkempt all the time.”
Steve opened up the door of the car so Tony could slide in, following his omega in and closing the door behind him. He told the driver where to take them, then pulled Tony close once more.
“Nothing, Tony. You didn’t need to anything for me to want you. All you had to do was be yourself.”
“I might hold it against you.” Tony teased, kissing the corner of Steve’s lips once more.
“Amazing. Learning robots, I thought that was only a thing in sci-fi movies.”
He started to move his hips against the alpha’s closing his eyes as he stopped himself from straight up slapping Steve awake. Luckily Tony didn’t have to wait for long for Steve to finally wake up. The room was practically saturated with the omega’s scent, so it was only a matter of time before the alpha responded and woke up, wide eyed and intensely focused on his omega.
“Do dare. I like it...unless I’m dealing with the alphas on the board. Then no. I’m intimidating and in charge!”
“Be patient, sweetie. They’re here, I made sure to confirm it before we left.”
Finally, here is the last official chapter of this fic. There's a little bit of angst here, but it's mostly reunion fluff and the boys finally being back together.
Stupid scent. Only Steve was supposed to enjoy how he smelled when he got turned on by thinking about Steve and his strong arms and broad chest and--
“The suit isn’t the hard part,” Tony reassured his alpha, looking up with wide eyes. “I have everything planned out for the suit already, I just need a few nights to complete it, without my dad knowing of course. I can have it ready long before the next mission, and I’m a quick learner! I want to go through all that training.”
"Well, I'll do my best to prevent those pesky alphas from closing in on you with a twisted ankle."
“I did say ‘maybe’.” Tony nibbled his ear gently before sitting back in his seat.
“Please tell me he’s alive, Sir,” Steve nearly begged. “B-A-R--”
“See? I can get to work on it after I have those tools, as soon as you are ready! No more random clicking or squeaks in your ears. You’ll have hearing of quality.” Tony promised, petting Clint’s hair.
“You think so?” Tony looked down at the outfit on his body.
A little more silence, then Steve spoke again. “I’m gonna need a rain check on our next date.”
Caught in the middle of his thoughts, Tony didn’t hear the soft knock on his bedroom door and his mother poking her head in.
"Slow down, Cap. One new thing at a time. You've got all the time in the world right now, so just take a breather and relax."
Tony snorted. “I don’t want to dance that bad. I’ll settle for keeping myself in the corner, thank you.”
"No touching, got it," Steve confirmed with a nod.
Shifting to push himself up slightly, Tony looked back over his shoulder to find Steve’s face pressed between his cheeks, tongue lapping up slick like it was the only breakfast he would accept.
“Really? I think I could pull one off better than you could.”
Tony flushed a little. “This doesn’t sound like you’re talking about our relationship anymore.”
There was a quick vibration from the ring Tony wore, and he had to hold back his tears as he watched his alpha be carried away, unsure if he was going to come back.
"Maybe we should show them and everyone else that we're together then," Steve dared to say.
Rhodey groaned, “No knot comments at fancy gatherings, Tones.”
“Of course,” Steve replied, guiding the brunet to the bedroom.
"They just met last night and already they're obsessed with each other. Not that that's a bad thing, but we were all in a very close space." Bucky shrugged and looked down at Clint.
"Steve Rogers speaking," he said, as if answering a work phone and talking to a potential client.
"Sorry, I thought you heard me call your name. I should have knocked or cleared my throat or something." Steve rubbed the back of his neck. "Sorry…"
Tony knew what kind of barrels those were. They were rigged to explode when Steve had been through. Only a minute or two was left before they exploded, but if Peggy’s life could be saved, Tony would want her to survive. And if Tony could get away in time, he could run as far as he could to escape the blasts, because there were several more sets of barrels set up near the next gate of the base, one that had been blown wide open by Steve’s motorcycle moments previous.
“We were given specific instructions for the occasion of finding you alive in the ice,” Fury started to explain. “We admit, we didn’t think you were going to wake up when we found you. Melting the ice keeping you in suspended animation took longer than we expected. Too bad you didn’t have a machine keeping you alive.”
“Of course you’re still going to fight,” Peggy sighed, pinching her nose. “Fine, just take a break if it gets to be too much.”
“The armor in my suit should be protective enough. It’s strong enough to repel bullets. Mostly.”
Steve’s eyes widened. “I mean… I’ve not… I don’t…”
Traffic was not quite as good as Steve would have hoped, but he eventually did arrive at James’s place, ringing the doorbell near the front door so his presence could be known to his host.
As soon as their lips connected, Tony let out a little growl of his own, suddenly feeling possessive and more awake than he had been minutes before. Something in him just snapped, and he had no idea where the growl had come from. It was surprising to him, and to Steve as well, because the alpha had stopped his hips all together and looked down at Tony with wide eyes. Tony looked back with eyes just as wide, blinking before grabbing both sides of Steve’s head and pulling him into a rough, sloppy kiss.
The two fell silent again as they went on watching the party from the corner. At one point, Tony stepped closer to Steve when a slower song came on, swaying his hips gently to the beat as he watched his parents once more. They looked so happy together, but Tony couldn’t help but scowl when his father smiled. He hadn’t forgiven what the man had done to him as soon as the Howling Commandos had gotten back from Czechoslovakia. Taking away a freedom that Steve had given him was almost unforgivable.
“He got too close to an explosion and got blasted off his feet,” Peggy interrupted, looking around to make sure no more Hydra agents were around as the remaining soldiers pressed on through the hallways. “But he’s on his feet, and according to him, if he can stand on his feet, he can fight.”
Steve let out another growl, this one more possessive than before, and he shifted so his cock could rub against Tony’s hole and get coated in slick. He rolled his hips into the omega’s several times while he placed more wet kisses all over Tony’s torso.
“If you’re sure. Don’t want you to end up with a bunch of tired men who just want to go home.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes and gave a sharp swat to the back of Tony’s head with his fingertips, earning a surprised “ow” from the omega.
“I know…” Tony shook his head, looking up at his friend with wide eyes, eyebrows turned upwards. “I… I need to talk to you when we get back to London. Alone. It’s… it’s something that’s honestly scaring me a bit, and I need to tell someone.”
Steve blinked and looked at the sketches. "You like the looser style? It's not my usual style, but I do dabble in more abstract from time to time."
“Get in,” Colonel Phillips shouted at Steve over the noise that echoed off every wall in the hangar.
“You know, I kind of guessed that big galas like this would have… different music. I mean the piano classical music is nice of course, but i thought maybe there’d be a whole orchestra here.”
“I’m going to make sure you get out there fighting, if that’s what you want, of course. But this uniform will be so much better than the clown costume you wear. More comfortable too. I’ve seen how you pick at it when it gets into cracks it’s not supposed to be.” Tony smirked.
“I saw things out there, Tony,” Steve said quietly after a bit. “Not necessarily things that were scarring, but… things I don’t want to see again, but I know I have to.”
, example.”
Steve got to show off his new ring later that day to Maria and Jarvis, Tony donning a similar ring that he had claimed was a scraped design for Steve’s ring, but the scrapped one seemed to fit Tony’s finger perfectly, so Steve wasn’t going to rule out the possibility that Tony had made his own matching ring to go with his own.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and smiled. "Of course."
“Sorry, Buck, we were just talking about some things,” Steve replied, smiling at his friend.
“God, I really fucking miss him,” the omega said with a shake of his head. “Our letters are nice, but it’s not the same as taking to him in person.”
“Top center drawer of your desk, sir.” JARVIS said helpfully.
“Built like a horse too.” Tony ate another chocolate.
“Right, you want his bags in here too. I’ll go get them. Sit tight, Tony.”
“James and I met at a veterans pub,” Steve explained. “We started swapping stories and got pretty close. Eventually we just gave each other our numbers and started meeting outside of the pub.”
“Yeah, but we never know when he might get smart and surprise us. So far he hasn’t done so.”
There was silence between them once more. Only the sounds of rain, passing cars, and Tony’s sobs filled the air as the omega processed everything. He was a man of science and math, and yet relationships confused the hell out of him because of this one faulty equation Steve had given him. How the hell was Tony supposed to be okay with this alpha, who had acted like he liked him, suddenly leaving without a second thought as to how this would affect the omega? Steve even knew from the start Tony had wanted to go with him to Europe!
The rest of the car ride was silent in terms of talking, the two omegas eating their breakfast while Steve drove, scarfing down a doughnut and coffee as he drove. When they finally arrived at the base, Steve pulled out an ID card to hand to the guard who stood at the entrance to the property. His card was approved, and then the guard looked in the backseat and took note of the two omegas. He contacted someone over the radio, warning whoever was on the other side of the two newcomers. Steve thanked the guard and proceeded onto the property, the large iron gates falling behind them as the alpha drove.
“I’m not a kid…”
“So you told me this is a surprise where we’re going?” Tony said, looking up at the blond. “Can you tell me yet where exactly this date is?”
“I’ll make sure you have plenty of clean blankets then, in case you decide you need more.”
"Only you would bring a limo to pick up your date." Steve smiled and grabbed Tony's hand while they walked.
“I finished the laundry while you two were out,” Jarvis said as he slipped into the car.  “You should find your beds freshly made, and there are extra sheets and blankets on your bed, Tony.”
“Yeah, your mom was kind enough to warm up the pancakes again for me.”
Colonel Phillips came up beside Tony and Peggy as one agent came running at them, shouting, “Cut off one head, two more—”
Steve reacted almost violently to Tony’s orgasm, growling loudly and pushing Tony’s hips down into the sheets. His knot inflated and pulled against Tony’s entrance as he was locked inside, and then after a few more struggling thrusts, he himself came with his climax, biting down on his own lips as he groaned and filled Tony deep with his seed. There was no second thought to the action, just the feeling of love and appreciation for such a good omega.
Tony flushed as he was handed the top Peggy had been considering before. It looked like that night was the night to emphasize all his curves. The top buttoned up a bit like an overcoat, which Tony did like. The pants buttoned a similar way as well. Tony’s outfit was a bit like a suit with an omegan touch to it. Truthfully… Tony thought he looked fairly good in it. His watch made for a good accessory, but there still felt like there was something missing. Maybe he did need to put on some makeup…
It was mid July when Tony got a letter from Steve saying he would be coming back to the states with Howard. The letter had not only mentioned that Steve was going to come to the Stark manor to stay until he was called back to active duty, but Bucky would also be visiting at some point. He did have a sister to visit after all, so he was sure to spend some time with her, in case Bucky was called back early. If he was still in the states by the time Christmas was around, Bucky had promised to come see them. But the main point was that Steve was going to come home and stay home through the holidays unless he and Bucky were called back early.
“There’s a tent behind the medical tent that the nurses set up for him,” Peggy explained. I can tell everyone to clear the area if that would give you two better privacy.
To say Howard was pissed was an understatement. He was fuming mad, probably the angriest Tony had ever seen him. He felt bad for not telling him, honestly, surprising him at the landing strip where he had a plane ready to fly was not the best idea. But Tony hardly cared about anything but the fact that Steve was leaving him, and he didn’t know exactly how to process that as Howard continued to yell at the alpha.
“Don’t feel that way,” the blond said, reaching across the table to take one of Tony’s hands. “You belong here just as much as anyone else does. People who aren’t famous make reservations here all the time.”
“Let’s go there,” Tony said with a nod.
“You let my baby boy fight as if he’s some soldier?” She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, “Tony...what on earth have you been thinking?”
Tony had been looking at the floor, focusing on walking, but when he heard the new person come into the room, he looked up, and his eyes were almost instantly filling with tears. He slowly pulled away from the nurses, walking on his own over to the alpha who stood crying in front of him. A sob escaped Tony’s throat, and then he was throwing himself at Steve and letting out all his tears. His feet left the ground as Steve picked him up, and his legs wrapped around the alpha’s torso.
“No, you don’t understand. It
Tony shrugged. “Too bad there’s not another bullet proof shield in our possession.”
When they arrived at the camp they were performing at, Tony almost instantly felt hundreds of eyes watching him. They knew he was an omega, any alpha could tell he was, but he hoped they were decent enough to leave him alone as his body started shifting over to needs that he himself didn't want but his body couldn't help but crave. If only they could get a tent or something else to themselves. Tony really didn’t want to be around any alphas when he went into heat.
Finally Steve made his last thrust with a strangled sounding groan, pushing his hips against the back of Tony’s and effectively pushing the omega even more into the cot. The sounds coming from the brunet were small and quiet, cute almost, Steve thought to himself as he made a few small thrusts, making sure he was in a comfortable position for his expanding knot. He was filling Tony up with his knot, and god did it feel good. It felt right, it felt like this was how everything was supposed to feel. Good, satisfied, comforted.
“Got a date soon, Stevie?” Bucky smiled knowingly at his friend.
"Gas station it is then. Did you two get to choose your meals very often?" Steve glanced back in the rearview mirror at the two omegas.
“You were kissing her back! Clearly you’re ready to help any needy pretty thing that comes your way begging for you to take them.”
When he knocked, he didn’t expect to get a response. After being met with silence several times before, Howard never expected his son to respond to knocking on his door, and this time was no exception. When no response came, Howard carefully balanced the tray on one hand before opening the bedroom door and slipping inside. He set the tray down on a nearby accent table before closing the door behind him.
The door behind the woman opened again, and several armored soldiers came in with hats on their head and cords connected to their ears. Steve backed several steps away, alarmed at the preparedness the woman had for herself. The strange soldiers approached him and tried to calm him, but Steve was having none of it. He grabbed the two who tried to handcuff him and threw them through the wall. The wall gave way easily, and Steve jumped through the new hole he had created. A screen with an image of New York was set up behind the window that had been in the room.
“I knew it wouldn’t, I just thought you might like a bottle… It looks like I won’t be around for Christmas this year and I still wanted to get you something, so…”
“He did like my suit I wore to our date back in January. I could see it in his eyes.”
Maria sighed, petting Tony’s hair. “I wonder if your body is reacting to losing Steve so suddenly… Let’s keep an eye on you, and if you get worse, we’ll go to the doctor, okay?”
“Until what?” Steve asked, curious on what Tony was going to say.
“I really hate that, you know,” Tony said. “The whole caretaker thing… I don’t like that I’m required to have one. Why can’t I just be a free person?”
"Colonel Phillips," the blond greeted as he came to a stop in front of the man's desk.
“So he’s going to live?” Howard asked, looking up at the medic.
Tony's eyes lit up. His old home… "Of course! We can go back to the manor, and we can look through all our old stuff. Oh Steve, we can go back home!"
“He’s mine, Clint, not ours. He’s taking you with us because you’re my friend and wants you to have a better life, too. You’re free to look for your own alpha if that’s what you want. He said I can be free to be smart and you—you can play with weapons if you want.”
“Great! Oh, let me show you some of our other projects. Gotta make sure you have more than just a hand to pull inspiration from.”
“No,” came Tony’s simple answer. “Things are bad.”
The omega flushed. “Two months ago…”
Tony rolled his shoulders and moved to the front of the assault team, acting just as one of the commandos might. In the back of his mind, Tony wondered what rank he might be in the army if he had been an actual soldier. His mind didn’t linger on that thought for long, because his eyes caught sight of Steve pushing the motorcycle out of the plane and towards the woods. A quick tap of his ring got Steve to pause and look towards the assault group, and as soon as he spotted Tony at the front with Phillips and Peggy, he nodded, and Tony nodded back. Then everyone was heading out, moving into position for the attack on Hydra’s headquarters.
Tony’s vision got spotty as his breath started to catch in his throat, feeling lightheaded as his stomach twisted in anticipation. There was little warning when his orgasm suddenly hit him, a strangled sounding cry leaving his mouth as Steve thrust inside as deep as he could, growling loudly in the omega’s ear. There were only a few more thrusts before Steve’s knot caught on Tony’s entrance, locking them together while the alpha also suddenly hit his climax. Tony was caught off guard in the middle of his own orgasm by Steve reaching his, and that moment held too much intensity for the helpless omega, his vision going black as he passed out.
“We need to talk,” Tony said after he had settled down enough to simply hold onto Steve’s shirt and close his eyes to relax. His alpha’s scent was doing wonders to calm him, but so was the crooning that filled the room. “Somewhere else though. There’s… a lot of private things we need to discuss.”
“Right,” Phillips said as he also approached the car, jumping into the driver’s seat once the car roared to life and Tony scrambled into the back seat with Peggy.
“You rest,” Tony countered with a small voice. “Walked a long ways…”
“Howard? Are you in here?” Peggy’s voice spoke up, startling Howard a bit. She stepped into the locker room, and to her horror she saw so much blood on the floor along with Howard hunched over Tony with tears in his eyes.
Tony sighed as he stepped off the plane with his bags in tow. The states were not as happy as he remembered them. Perhaps it was because the day was drab and grey, a light but cold drizzle falling. Tony knew Jarvis would be waiting for him in the terminal of the airport he had landed in, and Jarvis was someone safe to stay with, but from the plane to the terminal, Tony was alone, just as he had been during the flight, with several pairs of alpha eyes looking at him like he was a piece of meat. He hated it. He had been used to being around Steve for so long, so he never had to worry about other alphas looking at him. Steve was Captain America, and no one was going to mess with Captain America’s omega.
Those words sent Tony flying over the edge, and the omega simply couldn’t hold on any longer. He cried out loudly and squeezed his eyes as tight as he could, his cock twitching as he came hard and fast into Steve’s hand. Even behind closed eyes, Tony could see those stars intensify and almost cause him to black out as his body shook with his orgasm, attempting to clamp down on the knot he wanted so badly.
Leaving the base together, Tony, Steve, and Bucky all headed to the Stark apartment to help the omega pack up his things. The only thing that Tony left in the apartment that belonged to him was a few towels that Howard had bought him when they had moved Tony in. They were cheap anyways. Not the best material to make a nest with. Tony had plenty of his own clothes and towels that were soft and were perfect for nest making. As they packed up the nest that Tony had created in his bedroom, the omega thought of his own nest back at home, one that was just waiting to be smothered with Steve’s scent when the chance came. It was something thrilling to think about, for Steve to finally join Tony in the nest he had spent years building up and making perfect.
“I’d let you sleep as much as you need, even if my rut stirs up again.”
“Only if you’re sure. I would hate for us to get to the store and you get sick again.”
Peggy knew they were on a tight schedule, and she didn’t have time to argue about whether Tony should stay behind or not. But that didn’t stop her from trying to talk sense into Tony. “You’re hurt, you need to stay behind. I can take you back to the plane and we’ll get you patched up.”
"I guess they do, don't they? Well, I'm sure they'd be willing to protect an omega like you as well."
“God, did your father make you stay around all those alphas? Because if he did, he’s getting stern talking to when he gets home.”
“You go take care of him, Steve,” Bucky prompted. “We’re good here now.”
They finally arrived at Tony’s personal lab, the door sliding open automatically to admit them and the lights flickering on.
“It’s still a sexual harassment lawsuit in the making.” she groaned, “I’d put a leash on him but then the press would come up with some new inappropriate scandal as to why he’s being treated like omegas in the olden days…” she shook her head.
“I know you have been busy trying to find Steve, darling, but… maybe you should take a break and go see Tony.” Maria suggested.
Bucky shrugged. “Haven’t found the right partner yet. But you have absolutely no need to tell me to get an omega when you’ve got your own to worry about. And don’t argue with me on this, because I know how badly you two want to get a room and just go at it.”
“Move out,” Phillips commanded with a shout, Tony already sprinting forward and leading the attack.
“Yeah… I’ll have to think on it.” Tony shrugged, then he yawned. “I’m tired right now, so I’m gonna grab those crackers and hit the hay. Thanks for drinking with me, Jarvis.”
“Dad, just let it go,” Tony managed to say, leaning heavily against the plane with his eyes closed.
“Thank you, Jarvis,” Tony muttered, trying not to let his tears fall as he pulled back and smiled. “We shouldn’t keep her waiting any longer. I’ve been gone far longer than I anticipated.”
“Tony, the barrels!” There was panic in Peggy’s voice.
The two remained there for the rest of the day until food was needed, which Steve took it upon himself to make. He wasn’t going to make Tony do anything that society viewed as chores that omegas usually did when a couple lived together. Tony deserved time to relax and do as he pleased while his alpha did the normal chores he usually did. After dinner, Tony cried himself to sleep with Steve curled up around him, crooning deeply to help the troubled omega fall asleep easier. They both had a rough week ahead of them, so they were determined to help each other as much as possible before they were going to be separated.
"Hydra is always looking for new tech. We'd take whatever you'd have to offer us, plus we'd give you your own work space to make sure you'd have everything you need. And no I'm not just saying this to get you to join Hydra. I speak the truth, Tony."
“These men more than most,” Peggy said, turning to look back at the two. “Schmidt sent out a force to Azzano. Two-hundred men went up against him, and less that fifty returned.”
“I made it, actually.” Tony took the ring out of the box and tapped a certain part of the ring twice. It lit up a brilliant blue, the same tint of blue that the arc reactor glowed. “It has the ability to sync up with my arc reactor. It’s got a similar shielding mechanism too… Because I wanted you to be safe when I’m not around to use my arc reactor to protect you.”
“Wait, Peggy, you know I don’t like to get all dressed up like the other omegas,” Tony tried to argue while the agent was quite literally pushing him up the stairs.
When the last of the presents had been handed out and people started to say their goodbyes, Tony sighed in relief, then yawned promptly after. He leaned against Steve as he watched the guests leave, closing his eyes for just a few seconds. He honestly didn’t notice when Steve picked him up and carried him back up to the bedroom and undressed him. It wasn’t until warm blankets were covering his body that he opened his eyes again, feeling half asleep. He groaned when he felt Steve curl up around him and kiss the back of his neck, then on the skin over his scent gland. The omega felt as happy he always did when he got to share his bed with his alpha. The holiday season had put him in a fantastic mood, however, so he was more happy than usual when Steve cuddled up to him. A happy sigh left his lips as he turned in Steve’s arms and snuggled closer. Only a few more minutes passed by of Tony being awake, and then he was lost in sleep until the next morning.
Just pure love.
“No…” Tony tried to rush forward, intending on giving the visitor a piece of his mind for ruining the holidays, but Maria quickly grabbed him and held him close, knowing how her son would react.
“It’s okay, Mom… Steve saved me.” Tony squeezed his eyes shut and shivered. Damn his heat…
“Right… I don’t know. Maybe some cheeseburgers. Small ones.”
The Stark Manor in Malibu soon came to view as Jarvis continued to drive through the cold rain. Tony felt his heart beat quicker, an old reaction that occurred naturally, because he had never really liked returning home, especially if his father was there. He knew Howard wasn’t home, but his mother was, and she hadn’t seen her son since he started going on tour with Captain America. Maria was surely ready to give Tony the biggest hug ever, though Tony would have to tell her to go easy. He had, after all, injured his rib once more.
. But you don’t care about that. You’re just worried your omega son is gonna get himself killed in a war he shouldn’t be fighting in. Well I’ve got news for you,
“Peggy, can you wait outside by the Jeep?” Steve asked, handing her his bag and shield.
“For tonight, at least, it’s all yours, alpha.” Tony said, spreading his legs out wide and elevating his hips slightly so that his dripping hole was on display. “I’m all yours.”
"Don't worry, I won't let him separate us. You're stuck with me."
For several days after, Tony had a routine of staying in his room until his growling stomach was too much to bear, then he would get the slightest bit of food he could get away with before returning to his room, and the cycle repeated for the other meals of the day. Snacks would be brought up to him, because both Jarvis and Maria knew that he wasn’t eating enough to support the baby’s health, but every snack was almost always left on the nightstand to grow cold and stale. Tony was too depressed to know what he was doing to himself, and he was growing weaker by the day. He might not have seen it, but his family did, and they were all greatly concerned.
After a bit of silence, Tony took in a shaking breath and looked up at Steve. “Can we go lay down?” he asked, a few tears finally slipping down his face.
“God, you have no idea how badly I missed you,” Tony muttered while resting his head on Steve’s chest, listening to that strong heartbeat that calmed him.
“Was your alpha with you during that heat?” the doctor asked.
Steve had a look in his eyes that wasn’t there before. It was more primal, and it was such an intense gaze that made Tony freeze and look at the alpha helplessly with wide eyes. He was at the mercy of his alpha, he couldn’t do anything unless Steve told him to. And oh god he wanted to hear that voice go rough and deep with his alpha tone.
Fury had left rather quickly, not wanting to stick around for anything the reunited couple planned to do, but Tony and Steve had hardly recognized that he had left, the two being engrossed by a rather passionate kiss that was heavy on the heavy petting. Relationships between alphas and omegas who had been apart for a long time eventually got rather physical, despite the deep pain one or both might have gone through. It was just one way that mate sickness could have been cured, and though neither of them really were experiencing the sickness that most couples dreaded, they still were feeling small symptoms of it, and even the slightest amount of symptoms were never comfortable.
“You are unfortunately right. It’s tragic.” Tony chuckled.
“Your baby could be at risk,” Peggy went on. “You almost got blown up, your baby can die so easily at this point! Oh my god…”
Steve had to hold himself back from completely taking over and having his way with Tony. The omega was truthfully the most attractive omega he had ever come into contact with, and he didn’t want to risk losing Tony as both an ally and his personal omega by taking over too quickly. Still though, he at least let himself touch Tony ‘s cock and stroke it, just to show who was the alpha in the room.
Tony stopped and thought to himself. He called Steve his alpha. The brunet smiled like an idiot as he entered the base with his father. God, if only Steve could see just how happy Tony was in that moment. Maybe he would smile and kiss Tony in front of everyone, showing Howard just how much they meant to each other. Maybe Steve would push Tony against the big table with the map on it and kiss him until he was practically lying on the table, shirt riding up while the big alpha had him trapped. Tony could almost feel just how hot he was getting, or rather how hot in his daydream he was getting. Looking up at Steve, seeing those intense blue eyes roaming over his body, stopping at the bare skin of his stomach showing, flicking back up to give Tony a look that sent shivers down his spine.
“I’m pretty sure I can handle a trip to the grocery store,” Tony said with a bit of snark.
“Really, so am I just that pretty or was it my scent that you wanted to take with you had I chosen to stay here?”
“Give me a minute! I want to know how you know hot arty guy!”
“Split up, we’ll get more that way,” Peggy suggested, already pulling Tony down one hallway with about half of the assault team following.
“Dr. Erskine said that the serum wouldn’t just affect my muscles, it would affect my cells,” he started, his voice shaking. “Create a… protective system of regeneration and healing, which means, um… I can’t get drunk.”
“Mama, I’m sorry,” Tony managed to croak out between tears.
“You really are a genius,” Bucky commented with a smirk. “I think he’s ready, Stevie. What do you think?”
The two exchanged unsure expressions, but Peggy sighed and nodded. “Okay. Just don’t let your fear consume you, especially not here.”
Steve, Peggy, and Howard all looked stunned as Tony left. The omega had never picked up a gun in his life, and seeing him shoot at Steve had set them all on edge.
Tony’s face turned bright red, “If I end up working for your Hydra people, I’ll be in the lab all the time outsmarting the alpha scientists, so obviously I’d occasionally see you to outsmart you, too.” he excused. “I’ve done enough secret hacking to know that alpha scientists can be rather stupid.”
“I know you do. I wish he didn’t have to leave as suddenly as he did. It’s unfair to the both of you. You didn’t really have time to prepare and say goodbye properly.”
"I know, but I'm pretty sure neither of us are prepared for the consequences of not using protection. Do you have any with you?"
Tony chuckled and stepped forward, popping up on his toes to kiss Steve. "I forgive you, you big dumb alpha. Just make sure I'm the only one you kiss, okay?"
Tony sighed happily. “That all sounds so good, Steve… I want it all.”
"Technically you already left, so this is more like you un-leaving."
Tony frowned and asked, "How do you know Steve?"
"Because I'm—"
"You plannin' to get up?" Steve asked.
"—but I honor my contracts."
“Yeah.”
Steve stared into the top drawer of his bedside table with rapidly increasing terror.
"Well that person didn't sit well with Peggy. She deserved better than the man I've been the past couple years."
That made Steve pause for a moment. He pulled out his remaining earbud and turned to face the kid full-on.
“I’ll stick to Captain Rogers. If I start calling you Steve then Mr. Stark will have to admit you’re going to be around for awhile. That’s gonna scare the hell outta him, so Captain Rogers will do for now.”
He walked over and stuffed his hands in Steve's back pockets.
“I ran into him at work.”
“Steve! Steve! Steve! Steve!”
He nodded and said, “You’re welcome.”
"I think I should tell you."
Steve shook his head and laughed. There was a minute of awkward silence as Steve sliced into the omelette. Tony stared at what must have been a very interesting spot on the countertop but the omelette was delicious, far better than Steve could have made for himself. Halfway finished, he put the fork down and told Tony,
it has been codified in song.” Tony had the nerve to wink at Steve then say, “This one’s for you, Cap’n Crunch.”
“Please get in the car.”
"What?"
“Of course.” She patted her papers into place then placed them toward the side of her desk. She punched something into her StarkPad and asked, “What can I do for you?”
Tony choked on his milkshake. His eyes were wide when he asked,
“Right, before you do, I made a decision.” Tony absentmindedly flipped through the pages. “I am going to give it a try. Removing the shrapnel, I mean.”
Any negative thoughts about his not-feelings for Tony were pushed aside the moment Steve opened the bathroom door. Again, a room without personality but a bathtub that looked to be over six feet long. He'd intended to take a shower to wash off the day, but he hadn't taken a bath in God only knew how long. (Truth be told, he knew exactly how long because in late 2008 he took Peggy to a place up in Norway to see the Northern Lights. Their cabin had a massive sunken tub and suffice it to say that was a very memorable bath.)
“I haven’t heard from Sam in a bit, so I hope he calls soon.”
“I don’t think this is meant to be home. It’s a place to regroup, to think, but if I’m still here two years from now, if I am still stuck this far in the past, then I don't think there is much hope for me.”
“What
"We could skip the whole thing." Tony wrapped his free arm around Steve's waist and pulled himself closer. "Just you, me, and some Mario Kart."
“Hi, Tony.”
“And what will that do to him? I swear, if you break Tony’s heart, I will blow your face off.”
“Bonnie Tyler?” Sam reasoned, “Are we talking ‘Holding Out for a Hero’ or ‘Total Eclipse of the Heart?’”
Steve shrugged and admitted, "That's all I know. Other than what Miss Potts told me at lunch. I feel, now, that I might have a difficult time fulfilling my end of the contract though."
"Tony?"
“Happy, that would be amazing. I appreciate it more than you could know.”
He looked so vulnerable. For all his billions, his skyscraper, and his infamy ... Tony Stark needed someone to detach him from all that.
Ceremony to take place in Nash Conservatory at Kew Gardens.
"That's called dating, Captain," Agent Hill chimed in. “And once you’ve done karaoke together, it’s official.”
Sam hummed, trying to keep himself from saying something he’d regret. He didn't say anything for several seconds so Steve listened to him breathe. He felt more at home on the phone with Sam than he did any other time in his apartment. Sam was his best friend, the one person in the world he trusted with conversations like this.
“Yes.” Sam grinned and turned toward Tony with an amused glint in his eyes. “Yes, I am a guest of Mr. Stark.” He offered his hand. “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
Sam hugged him back.
complicated and messy. You said you didn't want to hide anymore, but that is exactly what you're doing. You're hiding yourself away from me, from your feelings toward me, and I am selfish enough to not want you to do that."
“Looking at men, I mean
“You too, darling.”
Steve pressed his lips together then admitted, “I think you are under the impression I have more …
"No, you couldn't." Tony revealed, "We've got press to do."
Steve repeated, "What the hell am I doing here?"
“According to Google, his full title is Baron Victor von Doom, PhD. His net worth is insane and there is a virtual tour of his Latverian mansion online.” Sam tilted his phone sideways and squinted. “Is that … a mountain lion? I don’t want to know. As tempting as it would be to call myself Sergeant von Doom, US Air Force Pararescue, I don’t think it is going to work out.”
"What about you, then? How many relationships have you had, Captain?"
“When you kiss Stark, does it feel the way you thought it would feel with Barnes?”
“Steve!” Tony folded a brochure in half and stuffed it in his back pocket. “I was making conversation. You know.” He winked at the receptionist.
“Mr. Stark seemed real upset last night that your dinner ended early.”
“I’ll keep it with me.” Steve was walking away from the only solace he had since he left the army. He looked over his shoulder at his tiny apartment building and sighed. Moving on, step number one. That didn’t mean he was willing to let go of what little things he still had, even for a moment.
Tony peeked around and his face spelled trouble. He grumbled,
“Usually, I like dinner before I let men have their way with me.”
"Welcome back, Captain Rogers."
“I am in no position to tell anyone how to live their life because God knows I’ve fucked mine up many times. But you have a call to make, too.”
“I had the same reaction when I saw Nat for the first time. She’s so beautiful it kind of punches you in the face. Then she
"Why do you think I would pity you?"
"Slut," Pepper said. "He's a slut with an alcohol problem."
"Good."
“Tony.”
“Why?”
Steve laughed and Tony didn’t even hint at a smile.
“It’s a nice transition out of the service. Is this a lifetime apartment? No. But I grew up here and it felt natural to come back before starting something new.”
“Maybe.”
Tony told him not to bring a suit. Steve chose not to mention he didn't even own a suit. Hell, he didn't even own a pair of slacks. Clothes were important to Tony, though, as it separated the different parts of him. When he was acting as President of Stark Industries he was the polished professional; shiny shoes, perfectly tailored suit, not a hair out of place. Press conferences and nights out saw Tony in button-downs and pants that were slightly less fancy. Steve's favourite had to be Tony in the workshop. Not because of the clothes, just because he looked happiest down there. He wore his 80s band t-shirts, grease-stained jeans, and his hair would stick to his forehead because he was so sweaty. The smiles Tony gave him in those moments were real.
He steered them toward the diner door and asked, "Yeah, Tony, pancakes or a milkshake?" Steve looked back to see the photographers hadn't missed a beat. "This place has a great burger and fries ..."
is not a difficult passcode for people to guess when your name is Captain America.”
"Not exactly ... The HYDRA base went into self-destruct mode. There was hardly any trace left by sunrise. We rolled back into Camp Darby and that was when my life changed. They spun the narrative that I saved thirty-seven men from terrorists, which was technically true, and the story spiraled from there. People insisted I should be awarded the Medal of Honor, which I didn't deserve. You don't give that medal to someone who disobeyed a direct order, no matter how honorable the intentions. Instead, they compromised and made me a captain."
“We are both going to mess up, Tony.” Steve pressed their foreheads together and added, “We don’t know what we’re doing so let’s just do it. Take it slow.”
"Wow." Rhodes turned to look over his shoulder at Tony and said, "I can't believe you snagged this guy."
“Pepper introduced you?” asked Rhodey.
“Fine.”
“Tony.”
enough. When James died, you lost so much of yourself in your grief that no, you could not be what this Sousa person has been for her. Even if you were there physically, she was not getting Captain Steve Rogers, she was getting a shadow of the man you were. Which is why you ended it, the right decision. You made that choice together and Peggy has found a way to be happy with it. She is at peace. It is up to you to determine if you want to move forward, and if you wish to do so with Mr. Stark.”
feel that way for me?”
Steve nodded.
“I think I’ll remember,” Nat teased, “it’s on the building.”
The woman shrugged and said, “It’s Vodka. Russian breakfast.”
Steve frowned. This was a challenge he was not certain would suit him.
"I may never leave your bathtub again. The water pressure at such a high elevation—"
"NO!" Steve shouted. "Hell no, I haven't even kissed him."
"If what usually happens worked for you, I wouldn't be here."
"As long as you always let me hold your hand, Tony, I'll be fine wherever we end up."
Steve admitted, "Tonight was nice."
"I can't accept this."
Tony rolled his eyes and shouted, "That was one business meeting! I've shown more affection to robots."
“Personal suggestion, though, you could take your shirt off. That is a solid start.”
Tony grimaced. Steve didn't really know what to call it; the metal ring about four inches in diameter giving off a neon blue light.
Steve obliged her, satisfied that Tony Stark posed no actual threat. He doubted Mr. Stark could even make it from the couch to the office door. Then again, if the papers were to be believed, Tony Stark could build a weapon with one hand, a rusty nail, and a flashlight.
"We?"
"Will there always be photographers?"
Tony made for the crosswalk and asked, “Do you not want to be seen with me?”
“How did you meet Steve?”
Steve put the phone on speaker and pressed play.
“I can’t jump into it like that.”
“Maybe.”
notifications of NOT DELIVERABLE AS ADDRESSED – FORWARDED. Tony peeked around him and asked,
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and held him for awhile. They were an awkward jumble of limbs on the backseat, but it was the most comfortable Steve had been since he came home.
With great pleasure,
“What’s that?”
A reporter stepped forward to say, "We are documenting your evening for a feature in People magazine.
"His Deputy CEO introduced us."
“Let’s solve it, then.”
"Have you ever lied to me, Tony?"
Tony waved off the suggestion and insisted, “I have to do a thing.”
Oh, shit. Steve turned to face Tony and silently mouthed,
“You said … Well, you said—”
"Okay. I'll put my bag in my room and be right back."
“I thought I would get you a homecoming present.”
Eventually, Steve had enough of the quiet.
“Can you survive ten days without me?”
"Thank you, Miss Potts."
"You can try to take everything from him, and perhaps you'll succeed. But I promise there will never be a company with your name on it." Steve stepped away and took Tony's hand in his. "Have a nice night, gentlemen."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not at all,” Steve laughed. “There was always the undercurrent of what coulda been. We never spoke about it, never admitted it to each other. But I was happy with Peggy and I should have married her.”
"Then I promise not to pity you."
"Would you?"
"Tony," he offered. "Tony Stark, but you already knew that."
The phone went dark and Steve smiled at it, a little punch drunk. He’d done something nice, something
"Tony, what's his name?"
Steve swallowed thickly and took a sip of water. His fingers trembled around the glass.
“No, it’s only—”
Steve opened the door and stepped onto the sidewalk with his overnight duffel in one hand and a pizza box in the other. He smiled at the photographers then jogged past as quickly as he could. Steve flung open the front door and made a beeline for the elevator, sprinting through the straggling crowds in the lobby.
“Contessa Valentina Allegra de la Fontaine.”
"Is that why people leave?"
“Alright.” He nodded, “Alright, I think I’ve got one I can do.”
Tony scoffed, “Why have I stayed at the company with
“It was really sweet—”
And he did; walked down the hall and into her massive office. His apartment could have fit in there two times over. There was a large couch on his left with a lump of messy blankets on one end, but Miss Potts beckoned him over to the conference table on the right. There was a glass table opposite the door, with a chair and floor-to-ceiling glass windows behind it. The Manhattan skyline was there to be viewed in all its glory and it took Steve's breath away. No matter how many painful memories it held, this city would always be his home. Steve sat in the chair, spine straight, shifting so he could have a view of the door in his peripheral.
“Tony.”
“No tits.”
“We couldn’t talk at the Tower?”
"Good afternoon."
“So I did my lecture thing yesterday, you know. Because it’s what I’m here to do. Lecture. Tell people things about things that I know. I know things.
Tony flipped back around and sat cross-legged on the bed. He tugged at the blanket for a bit then folded it through his fingers as he answered.
“Speaking of which,” Steve asked, “what do you want me to get you for your birthday?”
Steve nodded.
“Natasha.”
“You dated your employee?”
“Thanks, Steve.”
Tony groaned, "Tell him to wait. My boyfr—Steve and I slept in."
“But I couldn’t wait, and I figured you wouldn’t want to.”
"I'm not a hero!" Steve half-shouted. "What I did was not heroic, it was stupid."
. Beneath the magazine logo was a blurb that read,
"No." Steve shook his head and smiled. "I am going to be the best relationship you've ever had, because if I'm not then we have quite a frustrating year ahead."
"No, hey, man, no, it's really cool, though." This girl couldn't be any more than twenty and she stumbled all over her words. "I'm majoring in computational and applied math at NYU so Tony Stark is basically my hero."
Steve stepped back inside and slammed the door shut. They had his address. They knew where he lived. There were other people in the building whose lives would be altered by this development. He thought there would be a reprieve, a moment to breathe before decisions had to be made about his living situation. Outside of the lock on the front door and the lock on his apartment door, there was no security. Was Steve putting fellow residents in harm’s way? What the hell did the photographers want, anyway? Photos of him weren’t worth much unless he was with Tony.
"Down the hall, last door on the right."
.” Sam locked eyes with Steve for a half-second then waved his hand in a subtle
There was something wrong with the mattress.
“Why not?”
"I think Captain Handsome got an upgrade."
"Good. Great. Fantastic. I should have made this our first date," Tony said. "Maybe we would have seen each other differently and you would have wanted to make this real."
"What does that mean?"
Stark's phone lit up with a text that Steve read upside-down. It was from Pepper.
"Hopefully he never figures that out."
"I don't know about optimal since this all seems a bit much for me." He reached the bottom of the stairs to find his way blocked by a glass door. "Don't suppose you could open this for me?"
“Both.”
"Okay."
“You know, I never thought about what it would be like to kiss Bucky. If I let myself think about it, I woulda done it. The first time I kissed Tony, it felt right.”
“Say it, then.”
“I can do it!” Pepper insisted, “I know the restaurants he likes, his favorite gifts, all the basics. Give me one minute to pull up his schedule—”
Steve frowned at his phone and grumbled, “What the hell?”
Tony ordered the largest bucket and grabbed two chairs for them at the back. He handed the bucket to Steve, who began throwing bits of popcorn for Tony to catch in his mouth. Steve said,
“Do you want me to be there, Peggy?”
"Either works," Steve answered with a sardonic smile. "His death cut her pretty deep, too, but brought us closer together as friends. Sam never met Bucky. It was suggested by more than one of my superiors that I resign from military duty after Bucky's death because I ..."
"History would indicate the latter, Captain."
“Money’s tight, huh?”
Nat said, “Sam’s hitting on a man over there. You see him? Louis Vuitton briefcase, turtleneck under a blazer, and about five other red flags.”
"I know everything I need to know before making a job offer. Six-figures, health and dental, frequent travel ..."
“Don’t tell me what Bucky would’ve wanted!” Steve half-shouted. “I know what he would have wanted. He wanted me to catch him and I didn’t.”
"Mr. Stark wanted to push you out of his life and you wanted to be pushed."
“I’ve been alone for a long time, and I really like you. I was terrified of being with a man because I was never allowed to be. If I so much as hinted at it, I would have lost my career. Then I met you and thought, to hell with it. If there’s going to be a guy, I want it to be
"Take as much time as you like to enjoy it. I'm here all night according to Miss Potts."
“Thank you.” Steve stood up. “For this, and for your candor.”
Eight miles later, Steve was back in his apartment. He showered and was ready for the day by seven.
“Count sheep, Steve.”
"I remember." Steve ran his thumb along the side of Tony's palm. "The short answer is that an op went very, very wrong."
“No, you’re not.”
Steve asked, a bit self-consciously, “You aren’t going to go over there and …
There it was again, the same question he asked on their first "date."
"But I signed. You are paying me an absurd amount of money and making me breakfast. I don't care about people taking my picture. I don't care about people taking my picture when I'm standing next to you, either."
," he gestured to the space between them, "after I beg those assholes to keep the company with my name on it."
"What people?"
“Pep.”
"I am not even sure what
“Tell us about him!” Nat playfully punched Steve’s shoulder. “Give us the details.”
“Then where do we go from here?”
Margaret “Peggy” Carter and Daniel Sousa
“Good advice, Nat.” Sam gave her an encouraging nod. “That was really good.”
Sleepover?
Tony chuckled.
"What the hell are you doing here?" he asked as the door fell closed behind him.
"I could get used to holding your hand."
"Cap, I'm all good. It's just ... Yeah, it's not like I let people in but you're in this for the long haul."
because it means you want to.”
Tomorrow, then.
Steve prepared the lasagna and really thought about what a future with Tony Stark would look like. Would it end in eleven months? Would it end sooner? Could it last … awhile? He had to find out. Everything with Bucky was a
“Not often enough, Romanoff.” Steve smiled and asked, “How are you?”
“Argument over, then. I forgive you.”
Ms. Haag laughed.
“Well, I want to date you. I know it’s for the cameras and the board, but … If you want to give it a shot, then let’s do it. Let’s have some fun, and you can make this into whatever you want it to be.”
"You have me sign a year of my life over to you, then send me home?"
"Right."
Steve had packed his oldest leather jacket and one of the t-shirts from his drawer, which he grabbed without looking, just prayed it didn't have a hole in the hem. The jacket was his father's, who died in the Persian Gulf when Steve was six. When he was little, he'd sleep with it tucked beneath one arm. It fit Steve far better with the added years on his shoulders.
Things were fine.
Steve turned away and prepped for his run. Both earbuds went back in and he made it two full miles before someone else stopped him. Once he completed the first loop of the park, someone cornered him at the entrance to ask for a photo. Sweat dripped down Steve's face and there was a damp patch on the front of his shirt, but he bent low into the frame and smiled. The person thanked him and Steve went back to running. He completed one more loop and was stopped twice again by fellow runners.
“KGB. CIA.”
"You know what?" He stood up and shoved his hands in his pockets. In the only lie Steve would ever tell Tony, he said, "I don't think I care."
"Where do I go?"
“Don’t be embarrassed. You said such nice things.”
good. The cuddle on the couch and play video games together kind of good. Let me make you pancakes for dinner kind of good. Fuck me in the back of this limo kind of—
“I like your answer.” Rhodey nodded and added, “I like
Steve swallowed another laugh and grumbled, “Noted.”
"I met Nat on a mission in Ukraine while she was working with the KGB. We were gunning for the same target. She and Bucky were, um, I believe the term is 'friends with benefits?'"
Tony grinned and, right before ending the call, said, “You look nice in purple.”
"My superiors claimed I was a suicide risk. That was the official assessment in November of last year, and they all knew it was bullshit. I wasn't suicidal, I was reckless.
Steve sighed, “I know.”
"Because I am not fragile."
Tony looked down at Steve on the step below and asked, “Am I keeping you from your friends?”
“I don’t understand. You
Tony drunk dialing halfway across the world like, "I love you and your shitty apartment and your shitty toolbox and your shitty t-shirts and your stupidly perfect teeth."
Nat snapped, “No.”
“You didn’t give me time to say anything. I asked you how I was meant to feel. I felt a lot of things, but I was scared. I was scared I could lose you, scared
“Nothing. It’s new.”
Steve shifted awkwardly on his feet, conscious of the high-power executives trying to glare holes through the glass. He also knew this conversation was not about the cheeseburger.
Steve: What do you want for your birthday?
Tony half-shouted as Steve’s finger hovered over the end call button.
Everyone paused.
“Steve brought up his ex-girlfriend on the first date?” Peggy laughed.
Sam pulled the card from his back pocket and placed it on the table so Nat and Sam could read it.
“I can’t help you.”
“He asked if I was going to see you again, and I told him yes. That was a week ago, and I haven’t heard from him since. It happens sometimes, and I’ve been rather busy.”
The elevator doors opened to reveal carefully controlled chaos in the main room. They were setting up for an event of some kind. Steve hiked the strap of his duffel bag further up on his shoulder and made his way over to Miss Potts.
Tony's face fell.
“Sergeant Wilson, here, certainly knows how to brighten a day. We were thinking of dinner later.”
“I watched you type
"Why, Mistah Stahk, are you propositioning me?"
Steve bit back the instinctive, "Never heard that one before." His ma said sarcasm never made a good first impression. It seemed Miss Potts did not require a response.
"You said yesterday that you became a different person."
“Shopping?”
“Chocolate chip and sugar, mostly. I’m a fan of the classics.”
“Why did you make me dinner?”
Steve didn’t answer calls on his morning run. Friday, he ran his route as usual, though someone called a third of the way through. He figured if it was urgent they would call again. He jogged up the stairs to his apartment after the run and pulled his sweatshirt over his head. He grabbed his phone from his pocket.
"Why what?"
“Pepper, I want to plan it myself, if that’s alright.”
gesture.
"Now, come on, I have to introduce you to some assholes."
“If you like him, you have to tell him. You can’t wait for him to ask.”
“In this, he certainly outpaces me.”
She smiled up at Steve and some part of him thought,
"What?"
“Will I get to meet him?”
"These people are here to help you get ready for tonight's benefit. They always take hours on me." He paused to sip from his glass. "Don't think they have nearly as much to do for you."
Tony shook his head.
you to go to any trouble. Why should you make an effort when I could buy literally whatever I want?”
“I made mistakes. Mistakes that nearly got people killed.”
Steve followed him back, wondering whether this ever got any easier. But if there was any truth to civilian life, it was that when the world got rough Thor was the one person who could set it right again. Though Steve would swear he wasn't a day over 35, Thor was 50 years old and hailed from a Nordic island called Asgard, where he may or may not have been royalty. Google was distressingly vague on that point.
"Oh, Steve, you didn't ..."
"Miss Potts informed me of her plan and I gathered the requested data."
Steve stared at it and realized the only person he could call for help was Tony.
Steve rolled his eyes and stuffed his phone in his pocket. So that was what Tony’s world thought of them. He shouldn’t have been surprised; Pepper specifically chose him because Steve represented the straight and narrow lifestyle.
Before the army, Steve laughed at the idea of morning rituals. He was a get out of bed, stumble to the bathroom, hope everything's done by seven-thirty type of person. The military punches that out of a person pretty quick, sometimes literally. Steve pulled on the same sweatpants as the day before, grabbed the BIG RED ONE shirt Sam bought for him, and plugged his earbuds into his iPhone.
"My boss has himself in a bit of a mess and I need a specific type of individual to help him clean it up. I have a plan, but I need someone capable of executing that strategy, accounting for potential scenarios, improvising when necessary, etc. That has led me to you."
"I am your Thorapist, not your friend."
Tony laughed.
Tony sat up and hopped off the bed before slowly trudging to the door. He pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes and sagged against it. He was sort of adorable like that, with his hair sticking up in five different directions and his voice gravelly with sleep.
“I know I need to move on, but I haven’t. Peggy is getting married and you have Tony
I don't have much money, but boy if I did,
Oh, God. Tony was drunk off his ass. It was, what, two in the afternoon over there? Three, maybe?
“You should reward me for my efforts.”
“Your first boyfriend?”
“Got any leftover lasagna?!”
"If you ask his deputy, he's also a slut with a drinking problem."
Steve grabbed his half-finished slice and mumbled, "Always thought I was doing the right thing," as he bit off another portion.
"You are not using me."
"Hey, Stark."
"This last question is for Steve. What is it like dating a billionaire?"
Steve laughed.
“So you haven’t slept with him.”
in him,
It is my
Steve sighed.
"Of course."
“Well that’s …” Tony stuttered. “That’s nice.”
Steve clenched his teeth together but forced himself to be calm. This woman probably had to deal with the worst of the worst of Manhattan businessmen every day, so she deserved some kindness.
The employee said, "You could probably use one of these after the week you've had, huh?" As if they were friends.
—Steve ended up outside the diner five minutes early. He pulled up short of the door because there were three people hovering outside, holding cameras with obnoxiously long lenses. Steve stuffed his hands in his pockets and walked over.
"You still haven't said I'm wrong."
"Great analysis," Steve teased. "That's why they pay you the big bucks."
"I don't know," Tony admitted. "No cause for much hand-holding in my relationships. Also very little cause for clothes."
“Okay, I could … Oh! Cornhole.”
"What did you do when you came home?"
Tony slowly pushed himself off the couch and Steve frowned. Something was off; his movements were sluggish in a way that screamed something more than fatigue.
“Snickerdoodles?”
he supposed—in a way that made sense. The bed was pushed to the side wall instead of its previous place right in front of the door. Steve discovered that Tony did, in fact, have potpourri from France in the bathroom. It was in a branded plastic bag with a bottle of oil next to it. Steve wondered what the hell sort of combination that could be. He placed them back on the countertop then sat on the edge of the tub.
"Tony?" He turned to face Miss Potts and asked, "Your boss is Tony Stark?"
“Something like that.”
“No. I tried, but couldn’t.”
Steve repeated, “A delightful surprise?”
“That’s fair. It’s also wrong, but fair.”
Sam accepted the card and stuffed it in his back pocket. Tony looped his arm through von Doom’s and pulled him away without another word.
“That’s not fair.”
"Of course, Captain."
Steve's heart dropped all the way to his stomach. He put half the pizza slice back in the box as his hunger evaporated. Better to get this done quickly and move onto a less painful topic. He took a deep breath and said,
Tony had to walk away. He paced for a moment and pinched the bridge of his nose before coming to rest once again in front of Steve.
“No. Absolutely not.”
"Thank you."
"Admit it," Tony pointed a wrench at him and said, "you just wanted to stare at my ass."
I have those problems, only that I pull myself together."
His bullshit detector blared again, but the thrill of uncertainty juxtaposed against the monotony of the past few months was more than enough motivation for Steve to walk toward the elevator. This elevator seemed rather out of the way, across the room from the others. It opened of its own accord, and when he stepped inside the topmost button was already illuminated. He waited patiently as AC/DC played in the background. The doors finally parted and Miss Potts was standing there with a tablet nestled in the crook of her elbow.
Mr. Hogan: A car is outside to bring you to the airport. License plate #: STARK3
“Who?”
“There is something I want to talk to you about.” Tony said, cutting Steve off. He paused, and right before he was about to say something, he changed his mind. “How did you manage to bake a lasagna in that tiny oven?”
"Why did you lie to Pepper?"
"You're right, it probably is."
“Then what do you want for your birthday?”
“What scares you more?”
Natasha placed her phone on the table so both Steve and Sam could see the screen. It was a picture of Nat and a man with his arm around her shoulders and Nat’s arm across his back. She was blonde in the photo, so it must have been relatively recent. The man was a bit older with short blond hair and a very intense look on his face.
"Every year on March 10th we get a reminder about Bucky's birthday." Steve's hands shook so he twined his fingers together and hoped Tony didn't notice. "When that little red number one pops up on my app I hope it's Bucky with a nice message telling me he's risen from the dead. Pretty sure my ma'd say that's blasphemy but neither she or Buck is here to give me shit about it."
Steve took another bite and grumbled, "The amount of information you and Miss Potts have gathered about my life is terrifying. And it wasn't a lie. I chose not to correct her assumption because I don't want anyone to know about it."
Steve slipped his arm around Tony's shoulders and felt them shake. Whether with rage or because he was a bit out of his element, Steve didn't know. At the moment, it hardly mattered.
"But once you leave that room your connection to those people remains behind the door. I am not talking about your favorite barista at the coffee shop or the people you see on your morning runs. If you were in trouble, Steve, is there anyone here that you would call for help?"
“And then what?”
"I was gonna take the subway," Steve said with a sigh. He looked around at everyone who had paused their journeys to stare at him, or maybe stare at the limo blocking traffic. "I'm not the limousine sorta person."
He pulled on sweatpants and a hoodie since it was still April, and the mornings weren’t any less cold than the pre-Tony part of the month had been. Steve walked downstairs and out the door, then glanced down at his watch. It had been a thoughtful gift. Not needing to pull out his phone to check the time would make the runs easier. Steve pulled the hood up and forced the sleeve down over the watch, praying no one would notice him.
“How are things with Steve?! They ask. How long will your relationship last?! Like I know. I’m an inventor not a fucking psychic! If I was psychic I wouldn’t have been captured by terrorists and have a giant magnet keeping shrapnel out of my heart. They kept asking me all these questions until I figured it out. They think you’re too good for me. And you
“I believe you would still have answers,” replied Thor, “but they would be different. Platonic. Tell me what you like about him.”
"Yes, and they remain in active military service with the exception of Staff Sergeant Barnes, who is deceased."
“I’m sorry, I really am. Leaving the army was not my first choice. It felt like I failed, and I didn’t want to talk to anyone afterward. Especially not you.”
“Are you actually kidnapping me?”
Tony laughed and said, "I don't know you well, but I doubt being my boyfriend is the most impressive thing you've ever done."
“Magic.” Ms. Haag winked. “All magic.”
“Would you see it as a failure?”
He didn't need to think twice about this change in plans. Steve turned the handles to as hot as he could bear and closed the drain. He ran to grab the duffel from the bedroom and tossed it onto the vanity. He pulled his shirt over his head, then his pants and underwear came off in one quick motion. Steve was so excited he nearly tripped out of his pants before stepping into the tub.
“Steve.”
"Apologies, Mr. Rogers. Head to the elevator over there and press the top button."
"Captain Rogers, you're a new thing. You're not someone he picked up at a club or an event; if Miss Potts saw something in you then you've gotta be special. But Tony doesn't let people in because he's afraid of losing them, so he pushes the people he loves away. The more he cares, the harder he pushes and he is gonna hate how much he likes you."
"I'll survive. Like I said, I'm not—"
because everyone knew what we’d tried to hide from. I’ve never touched a man the way I want to touch you, and I am afraid I might do it wrong.”
"Apologies," Steve spat, "that coming out to you, admitting my feelings for my dead best friend, and telling you why I left the service wasn't
“People keep telling me that.”
Tony shook his head.
“I think we all saw on TMZ that Tony is certainly no Whitney Houston, but this guy definitely has Kevin Costner vibes.”
Well, he might be a dick. Steve couldn't say for sure after knowing him for all of an hour and five minutes, but he had always been adept at reading people. Stark was more than the man presented in that article, so Steve placed it out of mind.
"Because I
"Oh." Tony sank further back into the cushion. He didn't say anything for awhile, and when he finally spoke all he said was, "Yeah."
Steve's fingers tightened around the phone.
With a phone number at the bottom. Steve didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know how to feel or what to say.
“Fifty years I’ve been here, and I’ve been around the block or two. The only things you need to make a place feel like a home are a nice tablecloth, a good set of curtains, a frame for your favorite photo on the nightstand, and two good pillows.”
They both elected to ignore him.
“You too, Cap. Nat showed up out of nowhere.”
Most of the questions were like that, softballs he and Tony did not need to think about. Steve only answered when asked a direct question, leaving most of the detailed work to Tony. Then there was,
Tony's mouth formed a thin line.
"I'll see you on Sunday, then?"
Steve shrugged and said, “I am happy with where I’m at in life.”
“We’re worried about you.”
"Of course." Jarvis paused for a very long time as the elevator climbed past the fortieth floor. "You will go straight and make a left at the end of the hall."
“How do I know you’re not press?”
“What?”
Steve shot off the couch and shouted, “Natasha!”
“And I can’t miss Thorapy.”
"Ohmahgawd," he grumbled through a mouthful. He fell backward into another free chair and said, "You have no idea how much I needed this."
"I don't need to tell you everything; you're not my Thorapist."
Everyone in Steve’s unit said he would go a bit crazy the moment he got out. Twelve goddamn years in the service plus basic, Steve had spent nearly half his life in the army. While he immediately came home and settled into a quiet, non-abrasive life, he allowed himself one luxury purchase: two pairs of black silk pajama pants. Steve tossed one pair into the duffel then turned to face the closet.
“And Steve?”
Tony finished the song and everyone clapped, while Steve hid his face in his hands. Contessa Valentina Allegra de la Fontaine nudged him with her elbow and said,
article at you."
Steve jokingly rolled his eyes and asked, “Why are you here early?”
“So,” Tony spread his arms wide and stood to do another quick 360-degree turn, “what’s wrong with this place? What needs fixing?”
"Nah, we're waiting for someone."
"Why are you here?"
From his vantage point, the only thing visible was the top of One Vanderbilt with the sky a sunset orange behind it. Steve frowned, out of place at the literal height of luxury. He tossed his duffel onto one of the chairs and moved toward the bar.
“Something ‘special.’ And for me to take my shirt off.”
"Tony, where's your date?!"
It took twenty-five minutes to get from Thor's office to Midtown. Steve checked his watch every two minutes, hoping to God that Tony wasn't busy. Once they arrived, he hopped out of the taxi and straight into the best burger place he knew within walking distance of Stark Tower.
"I won't answer questions about that," Steve snapped.
"To keep my head up." Steve wiped away the tears that built up in the corners of his eyes. "But it was hard, so I never told anyone. I was so goddamn tiny and already fighting everybody who looked at me wrong. Last thing I needed was another reason for people to kick the shit outta me."
Someone got up on the wrong side of the bed. Come to think of it ...
Tony stared resolutely at the t-shirt between his hands. He began stretching out the neckline, but said nothing for a long while. He asked,
"Since I'm making you part of my life," Tony said, "I'd like to understand yours. If you're willing, there is nothing planned for me Tuesday night or Wednesday, and I'd like to see what your life is like."
"I know that what I thought of you wasn't true," Steve replied. "People should get to see the side of you I have seen."
“What are you reading?”
Whoa. Steve's instinct was to shout back at him, but something was off. Tony's anger seemed to come out of nowhere, but it was accompanied by exasperation; like he was more tired than he was angry. This was almost spiteful. Steve took a deep breath to get himself under control before he answered,
"Only if you tell me about how the Howling Commandos managed to overtake a HYDRA tank with nothing but a grenade and a flashlight."
“Fun?” offered Steve.
“STEVE! I thought you’d died or something! I haven’t been able to get hold of you. Sam doesn’t have your address and I haven’t heard from Natasha since December. Nobody would give me your number and the army wouldn’t tell me where you’d moved. I couldn’t find you.”
“What about your dad?”
Steve sat his duffel on the floor of the guest room and said, "Wait, you dragged me all the way out here to Manhattan just to take me to Queens? I could have met you there."
"Yeah, well, you suck at video games."
"Well ...?"
"I like Brooklyn just fine, Miss Potts."
“Why?”
“Miss Potts—”
“I didn’t really wanna be found.”
"You have this very fine line in the sand between us. We are just friends, anything in public is for show because if this is real then it becomes complicated and messy. A week should be enough for you to understand that my life
"Peggy said that a lot, especially after Buck died. It never insulted me, though, as long as the fight was worthwhile. It felt like the army was what I was born to do."
"How are you holding up?"
“I want to void our contract.”
“Strange enough, I do.”
“Let’s cross that bridge when we get to it.”
“No. Nat will show up when she wants to. I’ll turn around on the street and she’s just there, like she never left. Sam only gets a couple weeks of vacation each year and he won’t spend all of it coming here to see my sorry ass.”
Steve shrugged and said, "I suppose not."
"No, I have group sessions at the VA. Alcohol doesn't help." Steve paused for a moment. "To be honest, some days the VA therapy doesn't help either." He thought back to that text.
“You look cute in that beanie, by the way.”
Nat asked, “What is it?”
Steve grimaced and looked away. Peggy insisted,
"I don't know about that, there's another photo here of you kissing him good-bye out front of his skyscraper. Because he's a billionaire who has a skyscraper."
"We are a team now, aren't we?"
"Traitor," grumbled Tony.
“You’ll need to do better than that to get into my pants, Tony.”
"That's just it, Sam. I think we're both desperate, and we both need somebody to love."
"Whatever, man, we know you got your social graces from like 1918."
"The New York Hall of Science is hosting a benefit to raise money for an interactive mathematics exhibit. Lots of mingling, hand shaking, and 'This is my boyfriend, Captain Steve Rogers.'"
“Okay.” Steve wondered if he should press the issue, but what good would it do? “Let’s go.”
But was it right?
"No," Tony snapped.
“Steve?”
Tony huffed, pulled the beanie further down his forehead, and plopped onto the seat next to Steve. Happy closed the door and the car was rolling along ten seconds later. Tony nodded to the suitcase and asked,
Thor nodded.
TW: Reference to Suicidal Ideation
Steve nodded.
“What if one day you decide that Mr. Stark benefits from the press knowing what you know?”
She offered her hand and Tony took it.
“Oh my
Steve swallowed thickly and admitted, "I almost didn't make it out, myself. The water was so, so cold. Freezing cold. The sorta cold that hits your bones before you even feel it on your skin. By the time I pushed the fourth one to the surface, I just sorta fell back ... Shed my jacket, but I still struggled to get out. Then I lost my place by the opening. I couldn't find it again, couldn't see for shit, and I was so fucking cold. At some point, I gave up. I didn't fight it anymore and stayed there. I passed out and thought I was dead until I woke up on the shore."
“Hmm.” Steve grimaced. “He’s certainly something. He’s actually coming over today, for the first time, and ...”
“Get a pair of hedge clippers. Now, an adjustable wrench …”
Which is how he ended up at lunch with Colonel Rhodes somewhere in Chelsea. The place was very quaint and homey, the perfect spot to swap war stories. The most important part of it all was how Rhodes spoke about Tony. It was how Steve spoke about Sam, how Bucky spoke about Steve, true friendship that comes from years together in the trenches. Steve answered all Rhodes's questions honestly and enthusiastically because it felt real. He was having lunch with his boyfriend's best friend.
After Steve recounted the shitshow of the past three days, Thor summed it up with,
"I don't know him," Rhodes clarified, "but he's
“You know I am right.”
"This is Steve."
"Then the man I've gotten to know this week is the man you are, and they should know it."
Steve’s entire world stopped turning. He’d put everything on the table, found something he wanted to pursue. A man he
“It’s the opposite, actually. Before I kissed you a few weeks ago, the only man I’d ever kissed was Bucky for about three seconds. It haunted me for
“Yeah, of course, Tony.” Steve pulled his chair closer to the table and asked, “What is it?”
“You aren’t wrong.” He pulled a card from the inner pocket of his blazer and handed it to Sam. “Call me for dinner.”
“But—”
Steve laughed.
"Major?"
"It isn't just about the cameras, it is about what people choose to see in the photos. It is about what they say after looking at us together."
I thought it was bullshit, but I found it at the drugstore across from one of the magazines with our faces on the cover. If chapter seven is to be believed, romance is best judged not by the sun sign, but by the moon sign. As a Libra (me) – Aquarius (you) moon pair we share ideas about fairness and respect for individuals’ differences. We advocate for open communication.”
"You can't what?"
He got out of bed at five every morning without fail. He pulled on sweatpants and a thermal shirt since April mornings in New York still stung with remnants of the winter chill. Steve liked the cold wind against his face, gradually waking up with the steady pat-pat-pat of his sneakers hitting the sidewalk.
"Twelve years."
“Because
That’s my biggest problem, Steve, if you are good for him and he makes you part of his life, then it ends.”
“Can I ask you an uncomfortable question?”
"I'll walk you out."
"I am not permitted to reveal information about Mr. Stark's actions."
"I know," Tony winked, "I just like hearing you say it."
“Steve, you’ve been staring at that piece of paper for ninety seconds. What is it?”
Steve woke up at five on Tuesday morning.
“Sousa?” asked Steve. “Yes, he’s great. I like him well enough, and—”
Steve insisted, “I was a bit out of practice.”
“Okay.”
"Steve," Tony whispered, "it's not your fault."
Tony gave him a sarcastic, “Hah hah, no, I want to see your closet. I have a bet going with Pep about how many size-small t-shirts you have.”
"Done deal," Steve answered.
He sighed and turned to face Steve, waving the wrench around as he said,
Steve's heart dropped all the way down to his stomach. Tony wasn’t supposed to know, but if Rhodes was Air Force then
"He sacrificed himself to save me." Tony turned to look at Steve with sad, tired eyes. "I will not let anyone else give up their life for me."
in it. As he brushed his teeth, Steve wondered why he slept so well. (Interruption from Sam aside.) Maybe he was truly getting old. But then, his spinal joints cracked well before he left the army. His body had been put through far more than Steve should have asked of it, and he was paying the price.
"Apparently you did."
Perfect.
Tony pulled out his phone and a familiar English voice filled the room, giving Tony directions to a place three blocks over. Steve asked,
He’d been relaxing in Tony’s penthouse and came back to ...
Thor wrote something down on his notepad then asked, “What else happened this week?”
Tony cut into the lasagna and said, “Talk, then.”
"Then tell me about them."
learned is that people see your genius for what it is. If you offered these people the chance to talk to a hundred potential investors or you, Tony, they would choose you. Because your opinion is
Stark's frown had deepened when he finally made his way back up the stairs. He tossed his coat onto the bench, followed by his sunglasses. He wore jeans, a t-shirt with the logo of an 80s hair metal band, and a tailored black blazer. His hair was messy, like he'd spent more than a few minutes tugging on it in the bathroom. Steve smiled because he'd done the same thing not an hour earlier, anxious about the entire situation. It was nice to know he wasn’t alone in that.
"You get used to it after awhile. It was all empty threats … Until I gave them some validation."
"Bruce Banner."
Thor hummed, thinking for a few moments before resuming the inquisition.
. A mutual friend gave me your number, and if you'd like to give an interview about what life is like now that you've left the army and are dating one of the most famous men in the world—Oh! Darn, I don't think I should have brought that up. Well, anyway, if you ever need a reporter with a friendly ear, give me a call at ..."
They focused on his quote about dating Tony, saying how Tony understood his grief and made Steve feel less alone. All the sappy bits Steve was happy to focus on, and not one mention of Tony’s drinking. Not one. It was all about Steve, actually, and that was what made this uncomfortable. He didn’t want to stand behind Tony, but he also didn’t want to stand in front of him. They were meant to be partners in this, side by side.
“What are you doing, Stark?”
“When’s your birthday?”
"You have a visitor."
"To a dozen people not-surreptitiously recording us on their," his voice rose dramatically in decibel, "LOW-GRADE NON-STARKTECH SHITTY ASS PHONES?"
Steve blushed. He felt his cheeks warm up and was grateful for the dim lighting. Steve knew the song immediately from the opening chords, “Be My Baby” by the Ronettes. His ma used to hear it on one of the classics stations, shifting the radio antenna until she could hear the words through the static.
“Many things.” Steve frowned. “I keep waiting for the sky to come falling down on me. Spending so long terrified of even
Tony paused to take a sip of something. Steve hoped, but doubted, it was water.
“July 4th.”
Pepper Potts smiled and said, "Just a feeling." She directed him to Tony's bedroom, "Front of the hall on the left."
"I think she knew I had history at that place. It's sort of terrifying how manipulative they can be, but I was happy to be there. It was nice to walk into a place where I have memories and make some new ones. But in the process I told him about Bucky."
“I love it!”
"I haven't lied to Miss Potts."
can send stocks plummeting, so they want him to prove he can give the company some stability. That begins in his personal life, because apparently the board believes they have authority over what Tony does in those matters. I need someone who can present a great public image while keeping him in check."
"No one ever does," Tony replied.
“This trip was booked months ago, and generally I would have a few days on either end for …” Tony grimaced. “Well.”
Tony assured him, “He can’t hear you. He’s probably listening to someone analyze the latest episode of
“So …”
“I’ve just been thinking about getting back out there again when I’m home. If you meet any more billionaires, hook me up.”
Tony slid off the edge of the bed, onto the floor, and fell back like it'd taken everything he had just to reveal this much.
Steve looked down at Tony to see actual hearts in his eyes. He smiled as the light changed and they made their way across the street.
“I don’t know.” Steve admitted, “I can’t tell you what I don’t know.”
“I’m walking.”
“Pipe dope?”
Tony grimaced and wondered, “Could you
“Hello?”
“Do you like it here?”
Steve admitted, “I can't afford the sort of places you’re probably used to. You haven't paid me yet, and I don’t want to take advantage of whatever sort of partnership this is.”
“VICTOR!”
"Then I have a proposal for you."
“I don’t know what I was expecting.”
“It was a joke, Tony.”
to be a good boyfriend.”
"I am accessible at all of Mr. Stark's properties and via his personal devices."
Steve goes to therapy. Steve gets a cheeseburger. Steve gets his boyfriend back.
"No, you don't."
"Hiya."
"I'll be okay. Thanks for the save, but what sort of event is this?"
Steve groaned when his phone rang at 3:15. His fingers grasped for it, and he dropped the phone on the floor in the process of disconnecting it. He muttered a string of expletives into the pillow before tossing his legs over the side of the bed. He picked the cell phone off the floor and didn't bother looking at the name on the screen.
at them, was always a dark secret. When I wanted to know what something felt like, I sure as hell couldn’t ask anyone to touch me the way I wanted them to. Tony
Steve stepped into the elevator and said, "Hi, Jarvis."
“You should do one.”
Natasha glanced down at the table then admitted, “I can’t stop thinking about James. Peggy has Sousa, Steve’s got Stark, you have Victor von Fuckboy and all I have is my dead boyfriend.” Her jaw clenched before she added, “I was always sort of second to him, too.”
“You used to be more fun, Steve.”
Tony: Fine then, don't. Also your lasagna is horrible and I hate you.
Steve paused.
“Well, I’ve been a bit busy myself.”
“Certainly more than Steve Rogers.”
Sure enough, the door swung open and Steve's ears were assaulted by an Iron Maiden song. He walked inside and gently kicked the door shut behind him. Tony was working on something at a table in the center of the room, surrounded by bright blue holograms and tugging at his red earmuffs. Steve placed the pizza on the table closest to the door, the only spot not covered with high-tech machinery or paperwork with post-its reading "SIGN THIS RIGHT NOW" and "Read for Thursday's board meeting."
Steve nodded.
“When?”
“The more I focus on work, the less I know what I am working for. It used to be I was working so I could see James again, and now I’m working just to keep from seeing him in my dreams. If I work hard enough, I don’t dream, so I don’t see him.”
“Have they?”
Steve frowned.
“Water pressure.”
“You are in for a long wait, Steve, but Tony has something to fight for and he needs a partner. I can’t think of anyone better than Captain America.”
Steve backed off. He busied himself rearranging the guest bedroom—
“You have got to tell me shit before it ends up on the internet!”
Steve stared intently into the popcorn bowl. It was mostly kernels and liquid butter that had begun to harden at the bottom. Tony chattered to fill the silence.
Tony shook his head and insisted, "I'm good right here."
"The one and only!" the voice boomed from the couch.
"No one makes it that far." Tony smiled then and admitted, "Nobody ever comes back after they leave, either."
“What’s his name?” asked Steve.
. You see things for what they can be, and sometimes people need help to make sense out of chaos.” Steve paused before adding, “You’re good-looking, too. It helps.”
“Not this time.”
Steve shrugged and Tony walked away. Tension came off him in waves and it was reassuring, not being the only one who hated this setup. He didn't bother picking up the menu because he hadn't been lying to Mr. Stark; the burger and fries was always good. He sat in the booth, alone, for ten minutes. Steve smiled at their waitress when she brought out the drinks: two waters and one chocolate milkshake.
"Not about you, Tony, they speak to me about their lives and about how you make them feel. I had one kid tell me you were her hero because every innovation in tech seems to revolve around something you create. People take pride in you because there is something special about you. I don't know what it is but I know damn well that Stark Industries won't survive without it."
Tony tapped his knuckles against the countertop.
“Really?” Tony blushed, and Steve counted that as a win. “You think so?”
"What changed, then? Bathroom BJ?"
Steve blinked and kept walking. He shrugged it off until he made a left turn and another person did the same thing.
Steve took a deep breath then pushed the door open.
Steve wriggled free of his grasp and Tony sighed. He gestured toward their guests with a glass of what smelled like scotch.
If he was going to move on, it wouldn't be with Tony Stark.
"Hey, soldier."
"Isn't it?"
“Feel it.”
"I didn't believe most of it, but ..."
“I know I called you, but you didn’t pick up.”
“Sex helps with that.”
to date Tony Stark.
“You’re far too pretty for him.”
“Let’s get this done, then.”
"Weird, at first."
stationed here. It was obvious things would never be able to happen with Buck, and when Peggy entered the picture I understood that whole love at first sight thing."
"And—"
“I’m looking at it right now,” replied Tony, “and I think it’s a great ass.”
“Can we talk about this in the car?”
And wasn't that the problem? Steve was stuck at an uncomfortable point in life because Bucky was everywhere. He was in the army, he was in Brooklyn, he was in the fucking diner, in Steve's closet, on Facebook ... But how much was Steve meant to let go? What was the difference between moving on and forgetting?
"You too. I'm off to work, but Stark?"
There was a brief pause before Nat admitted, “I’ve been thinking about James.”
"Steve!" Tony shouted. He hopped off the dais and flashed a brilliant smile. "You finally arrived, Cap. I missed you." His voice was much too sweet.
“I hate that I have answers.”
Steve admitted, "I never thought of it like that."
“Well, you earned your popcorn, soldier.”
Tony began to shout a bit, so Steve turned down the volume.
"When was the recycling emptied?"
on it?”
Steve bit down on his lip and groaned, annoyed he hadn't understood the difference two days earlier.
There was just enough time for Steve to brace himself before he received a hug so tight his ribs threatened to crack. His toes dangled a good two inches above the ground as he wrapped his arms around Thor's shoulders and gave him a friendly pat on the back. He croaked out,
“Tony’s great. The opposite of you in a lot of ways, but you both manage to see the good parts of me when I can’t see them myself. I was never allowed to want this sort of thing before, and Tony
"Captain America!"
The elevator doors opened to reveal the familiar hustle and bustle of the Stark Tower lobby. Steve caught sight of Sam in his Air Force t-shirt and a thick jacket, conversing with one of the businessmen on the other side of the room. Halfway to him, Steve realized it wasn’t a conversation so much as it was a “
“There has to be something.”
Steve felt the color drain from his face as he processed that information.
"But—"
“You look happy.”
Tony asked, “Is this Miss Carter?”
Steve pulled the phone closer and leaned forward.
“Absolutely. There is an entire chapter dedicated to sexual compatibility, so I have plenty of reading material.”
Steve should not have been surprised to see photographers when the limo pulled to a stop outside Stark Tower. He let his shoulders slump for a moment as he realized he had a full year of this to look forward to. Steve quickly shook it off and asked Happy,
"Because I think I should've let you hit those photographers."
Tony flipped up his welding helmet and walked over to the table when Steve was finished. He nudged Steve with his shoulder.
"Well, watch out," one of them warned. "This guy who's comin' has stolen plenty of ladies away from their dates."
Tony frowned so hard a tiny eleven appeared between his eyebrows.
“I paid for our first date, I paid for our second date, and now he’s taken me out for karaoke. Maybe he’ll pay for popcorn.”
"I would've."
"Sure, but my sexuality is an open secret, Steve."
“Would you like to go to dinner?”
“Why you’re with Stark. Is it the money?”
"I like this just fine. It's nice watching you work."
"You're not far off."
“I just drive the car, Captain Rogers.”
Tony guessed, “It’s safe.”
else.
"Elevator in the northeast corner. JARVIS will take you up."
Steve walked into Miss Potts’s office on Wednesday morning, and she greeted him with a wide smile.
Tony was quiet for awhile, staring at the PAUSED screen on the television. Steve wondered what he must be thinking.
“You would have said no.”
“Which one?” asked Tony.
“Because the surgery is complicated.”
New York City seemed to have one of just about everybody; except the one person he missed the most. Everything in Brooklyn had Bucky written on it. Steve kept watch while Bucky puked over there in those bushes. Bucky had pulled a guy off Steve in that alley after a particularly nasty fight. They even stopped in the cafe two blocks down every week when they were kids because it had a jukebox. Two dollars got them ten songs.
Steve made his way to the couch and plopped down heavily. He stared at the coffee table and numbed his thoughts until the elevator dinged open a half hour later. Tony walked through the doors with a massive smile on his face and jumped down all three steps to get to the couch. He sat next to Steve and pressed a quick kiss to his cheek.
Tony smiled and gave them all a wave before standing in front of a massive backdrop with the museum's logo plastered across it. Steve remained shell-shocked on the curb until Tony smiled and held out his hand, motioning for Steve to join him. Steve's feet led him there, though he didn't remember telling them to move.
“Um, it’s … It’s a wedding invitation.”
"I hitchhiked close to the HYDRA base, then hid myself in the back of an SUV underneath a mountain of stuff. They rolled me right inside. I found the guy with the keys, put him out of commission, freed the soldiers and we hotwired enough cars to get us back to base."
“I’ll manage,” teased Steve. “Somehow.”
"My CO had given up on them. There wasn't a way to rescue the soldiers via ground or air, so they had to 'fall back and regroup.' They said it was impossible, but I couldn't believe that. I wasn't well-versed in terrorist negotiations, but I knew hostage situations didn't usually last long enough for the negotiators to 'regroup.' Those were our men and I don't leave people behind, soldiers or otherwise."
“New assignment. I hate it. Nice place you’ve got here.”
Steve nodded.
"Who is your boss, ma'am?" Steve asked. "And what sort of mess are we dealing with that would net me a hundred thousand dollars?"
Steve chuckled, "Prepare to be bored."
"Good morning, Captain Rogers. My name is Jennifer Walters and I am a culture reporter for the
"You try'na get me to leave, Stark?"
“He hasn’t told me about Ty.”
"He's my best friend."
"Is that the truth?"
“If you’re my boyfriend then I can’t let you sleep on someone’s couch. You’re moving in.”
After a quick, cold shower, Steve toweled off and dressed. He fluffed the pillows, satisfied they were decent enough even for Tony. The one time Steve had slept near Tony, the pillows ended up as projectiles instead of their intended purpose. He placed the plain silver picture frame on his nightstand next to the lamp. Steve frowned at it, wondering which picture he should put inside. He had a few four-by-sixes that would fit, but –
Then she left to speak with someone across the lobby. All the people in this building seemed to have conversations that same way. They began and ended quite abruptly, and Steve was forgotten the moment they needed to be somewhere else. With that thought, he stepped inside the elevator and was greeted by a familiar (still a bit creepy) robotic voice.
“You were fun once, weren’t you?”
"Never found the body." Steve scrunched up his nose and forced back tears that were reserved for the focus group and his therapist. "The army has him listed as MIA. I hate the hope that comes along with it."
Nat quipped, “Stop overthinking it and fuck your boyfriend.”
"So your ... what? Your 'fans' are watching me?" He tightened his grip on Tony's hand. "They know where I live?"
"Oh, God, where the hell is my wallet? What do I owe you, eight dollars?"
The playlist restarted again.
Steve went a little pale as he said, "I wouldn't say boyfriend. It was one date."
Tony stopped slurping his milkshake and slowly put the glass back on the table. Steve stared at it and watched the condensation form a ring around the base. It never felt like Bucky was truly dead except in those moments when Steve said it out loud. Bucky never really left him; he was around every corner just waiting to be found. Sometimes, in Steve's mind, it was Bucky who left his neighbor's apartment every morning at three. Maybe he ran by Bucky on the street or just missed him on the subway.
Tony began ripping parts of his bread into tiny pieces.
"Good then. I knew I liked you." She smiled at him. "Tony is on a three-month probationary period with the board members. One bad cover of the
All three of them laughed and shook their heads.
Steve looked down at the business card between his fingers, then back up at the skyscraper in front of him.
"It is my dream to work for him," she admitted, "but he might not even have a company by the time I graduate, if that
“I can hire security for the building.”
Steve smiled and pumped his fist.
“Good.”
"Hi, Tony."
“YOUR LASAGNA IS TERRIBLE, BY THE WAY!”
"We tried to work out the logistics of it. Of marriage, a family one day ... Then Bucky died and I became a different person."
That is the last thing he ever told me.
Steve did not like running with a hood. He made it a half hour in before he pushed it back, and then people began to ask for pictures. When he had to pause at a crosswalk, he gave people a wan smile, gathered them into a group, and posed for a single picture before taking off the moment the walking figure appeared on the street signal.
"Stark is here!"
"So I made you an omelette." Tony slid a plate and silverware across the counter. "It took three hours."
“This conference takes ten days?”
“Can we talk now?”
"Peggy knew because I told her. Figured she should know the whole truth, know that some part of me was always going to wonder what coulda been. She was it, though, I never told anybody else. You know they did separate us once for about six months. Bucky was on a mission, that's where he met Natasha, and I had Peggy. Buck and I were fine, happy even. Then he came back and fuckin' died on me, so now I'm here."
Steve laughed and wrapped his arms around Tony's shoulders to pull him close. Later he would lie and say he got caught up in the moment, but Steve knew exactly what he was doing when he gently kissed Tony on the forehead.
“And forty-five dollars’ worth of butter, Steve.”
“Fine.” Tony pulled away and that all-too-familiar mask slid back into place. He picked up
"Why is that?"
"What were you going to say?"
Steve followed Pepper’s lead and ignored him.
"You should be out at bars, having one-night stands with hot blondes and knocking back enough beer to forget all the shit you saw in combat."
"Thank you," Steve nodded in gratitude and grabbed the door handle. "It was nice to meet you, Mr. Hogan."
She laughed and said, "Thank you, gentlemen. We are done."
"Yes." Steve smiled. "See, in the army we have a name for men like you. We call 'em planters."
“I do blame them.”
"Right. For the cameras."
"That's classified," Steve teased.
They were interrupted by a shutter click then a bright flash of light.
Tony glanced over his shoulder, one eyebrow raised.
He laughed.
Steve nodded.
“That is such a great fucking answer. It’s not only
"Oh."
Steve opened his eyes and used his foot to turn both handles off. He stared at the ceiling and wondered whether he would ever be able to let go of Bucky entirely. There wasn't technically anything to hold onto, just a bunch of question marks and maybes. Might-have-beens. Steve sighed and closed his eyes again, hoping to forget about it all for a single moment.
“Did you tell her I’m great in bed?”
As though that information changed everything, Tony grabbed the box and sniffed it. A smile threatened the corners of his mouth as Steve confirmed,
Steve rolled his eyes and threw a kernel at Tony’s forehead.
“I was out for a run.”
"Therapy in the morning, but nothing after eleven."
“I missed you so much I even made you dinner.”
"Still think I'm worth all this?"
Dr. Odinson referred to the VA sessions as "psychodynamic groups." Steve would quickly come to understand it was a polite way to say they were "taking things slow." The group met in Brooklyn every Saturday, nine of them working through life as a civilian with PTSD. Steve sat with his back ramrod-straight, arms crossed, hands balled into fists while Commander Hill discussed the progress she made during the week. He empathized when she admitted it didn't feel like enough.
“Out.”
Carol patted Steve on the shoulder and said, "Take care of this guy, alright?"
"Not to me," Steve said. "My fingers between your fingers is the default. If I wrap all my fingers around yours, then it's probably because I am in a hurry or it's just for show."
“Why would you say that?”
"I'm only doing this because you brought me a cheeseburger."
“Huh. It is kinda short.”
Tony was different.
"Yes, Captain Rogers?"
"Artificial Intelligence," Steve realized aloud. "Holy fuck. So do you, um, do you know about ...?" He trailed off, because he was asking a disembodied robot how much it knew about his faux-romance with Tony.
“Let me read through it later, and I’ll have it to you in the morning.”
They wouldn't kidnap him during lunch.
"I haven't been with him long enough to know him like I oughta to answer that question. But I can say I like it when he laughs. I like that he can make something out of nothing and if he's hungry he can stuff an entire slice of pizza in his mouth. I hate people taking my picture and being in the public eye, but it's a concession I am willing to make."
I'm begging you to beg me.
“What did I say, Tony?” Steve turned to face him and repeated, “What did I say?”
What was the proper attire for a first date? He hadn't dated in so long, and he showed up to his first date with Peggy in combat boots. What the hell was he thinking about, anyhow? There was no protocol for the first date with his billionaire boyfriend. Let alone his billionaire
"How the hell would you know?! How could you possibly understand what it feels like? I could have saved the person I cared about most in the goddamn world, but I was not
"I ..." He shrugged. "I'm ashamed."
"Forty men, huh?"
“I don’t want to hurt him.”
“Understood. If you can do that for me, Mr. Hogan—”
Steve laughed and asked, “How do you feel about pancakes for dinner?”
Sam asked, “What don’t you like about life with him so far?”
“Does it look bad?”
"You signed up because Tony Stark was interesting. You said so ten minutes ago, so maybe you wanted to help yourself, too. And that is fine, taking advantage of the opportunity presented to you, so consider that Stark may have been doing the same thing. Perhaps this was his way of opening up to you."
