John sighed, and lay down next to Sherlock on the ground, and one of Sherlock’s wings stretched out and wrapped around the Angel, pulling him in close to his Devil’s side. Sherlock gave a happy, sleepy murmur, and immediately fell back asleep.
. Please don’t try and find me again,” he said and, before he could crumple to the ground, turned and took off to the sky, tears dripping freely down his face, feeling as if his heart had just been torn out.
The dot’s position focused in his mind, it only took him two minutes to reach it. Sniffing about, he caught the scent of a gun and poison, and whined, following the scent of the gun into a building. It was odd, there were three people here. Sherlock’s went into the other building, as did the scent of poison, but the gun scent was older. It had clearly come here before this. This was a set up.
After a few minutes of Sherlock clutching him and John clutching the small dragon back, John let out a breathless, giddy laugh. “That was brilliant. You promised me an explanation,” John said, pulling back slightly to look down at Sherlock as the dragon gazed up at him in amusement.
“I know,” John said, reaching up and stroking Sherlock’s head gently as he entered the bathroom. He quickly peed and washed his hands, wondering at how completely normal it felt for Sherlock to be perched onto his shoulders. “And no matter how sweet you are, you’re not coming with me,” John said firmly after a glance into Sherlock’s mind showed the dragon’s plan.
Sherlock (who now looked seventeen) appeared, a grin on his face, “John!” he called happily, but his expression froze as he saw John’s face, and then noticed Harry. “What-what’s going on?” he asked, slightly less sure of himself.
“Wait!” he said, and reached under his shirt and winced slightly as he pulled out a long, white, soft feather. “Here,” he said, holding it out.
It only took a month for the media to move on, and Sherlock and John were left in peace. Sherlock took small cases from Lestrade when the DI was out of the hospital and back to his job, but as John’s pregnancy progressed, Sherlock stayed close to his mate’s side.
The third time, John returned to the flat. Well, not quite. He sat on the bench facing the flat and watched the dark flat, wanting to go in a curl up with Sherlock, but knowing that he couldn’t. He was too lost in watching the flat for signs of his Alpha to notice someone approaching him from behind, until it was too late. A hand clamped down on his shoulder and John bolted out of the seat, teeth bared in a defensive snarl that died on his lips as he realised he was snarling at his Alpha. His gaze turned down then to the side, hands clenching and unclenching at his sides.
So, frustrated, John became a doctor instead. He was exceptionally good at his job. First, he was a general practitioner, then a surgeon, and then worked at the A&E in a few hospitals before he started just going to anyone who wanted him to – no matter what they needed him to do. By this point, he’d gotten quite a reputation and had his own website. It was quite good pay, and he was happy with his work but he never quite felt right. It felt like he was missing something.
“You,” Sherlock told him, as if it was obvious, and sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed, “I peeked whilst you were in the shower.”
John soaped himself up and then rinsed off, washing his hair quickly and then heading out of the shower. As he dried off with a fluffy towel, John observed himself in the mirror. His hair was getting fluffy, and he needed to get it cut – another thing to take up with Sherlock.
Flopping back onto the bed, John breathed deeply, covering his eyes with his forearm and his breath came out as a whine. He hated these nightmares. He hated that Sherlock wasn’t here to soothe him with kind words and gentle pets as he used to do when John had had nightmares as a pup.
“Yes, Alpha,” John sighed, closing his eyes and unable to help a whimper as Sherlock slid one long finger into his wet hole.
John was exceptionally pleased, and grinned. “It was hard to find. Had to walk through the forest for about an hour to find it,” John told Sherlock.
Pleased, John looked back at the girl and grinned at her. She paled, and before he could blink, she’d transformed and taken off.
“It’s very nice,” John managed to get out as he rested his leg in the middle of the room, leaning on the cane and lifting his foot from the ground slightly to relieve the pressure on it.
John was stunned. No one had ever, ever, said anything to him that held the same amount of devotion and possession. John found that he rather loved it. John watched as Sherlock turned back to his meal and finished it off quickly.
John and Sherlock lived a long, happy life together. They solved crimes, and once they retired, they moved into the countryside and kept bees. They were together and that was all that mattered. Nothing else came between them, and that was just the way they’d wanted their lives to go – forever and together til the end.
Folding his wings away, he smiled at Sherlock, only to find him wrapped up in his wings too. Excitement coursed through him as he waited. Finally, Sherlock folded his wings away and grinned at John, and they both held out their pencils for the other.
Sherlock’s grip tightened in warning, and John went limp. This wasn’t about making love; this was about Sherlock reaffirming himself to both of them that he was John’s Alpha.
John shivered at the sound of his mate’s deep voice, a sound he hadn’t heard before today for weeks. He’d severely missed the sound of Sherlock’s voice. “Well, you haven’t properly introduced yourself to our pup yet, for one,” John said, raising an eyebrow playfully.
John’s stomach growled and his mouth watered in want. Cautiously, John slunk out of the shadows, gazing up at the human, taking in every detail for the first time. He was wearing some kind of black material to cover his skin, though his feet were bare and the material had been rolled up at his forearms. His hair was black curls, and his sharp eyes a piercing blue that seemed to see right through John and straight into his soul. His lips looked soft, and the glimpse of teeth he’d seen when the human had spoken seemed dull. His skin was pale, as if he didn’t spend a lot of time in the sun. And yet, as vulnerable as the human looked, John remembered the strength that was hidden in those wiry muscles as the human had pinned him down with ease. Of course, John had been in a lot of pain at the time and unable to move properly.
A second later, Sherlock’s eyes opened and found John, a smile crossing his lips. “Dr Watson,” he drawled, “I wasn’t expecting to see you so soon after my return.”
Sherlock’s gaze flickered, suddenly interested as he looked at John intently, and took the flower from John gently, spinning it around in his fingers as he gazed down at it, before he looked up. “Your name, Omega?” he inquired, his voice low and smooth and absolutely perfect, sending a shiver down John’s spine.
“Right, let’s go eat some lunch,” John said with a smile as Sherlock scrambled up onto his perch on John’s shoulders and they headed into the kitchen.
They spent the day together, and John wrote a letter to be sent to his parents explaining that he’d found an Alpha that wanted him and that he was going home with him and he’d send them another letter when he was settled in with his mate. Then, they packed up their things and got into the horse-drawn carriage that had come to pick Sherlock up. It was rather luxurious, but John dismissed that fact as they climbed in and cuddled together on the seat and settled in for the long ride home. John was sitting sideways on Sherlock’s lap, head pressed to Sherlock’s neck and eyes closed as they relaxed.
A finger gently pressed against the gunshot wound, and John didn’t flinch, staying still as he felt Sherlock bend to inspect it. “It was done in this form,” Sherlock murmured, “But how is that possible? You were in Afghanistan, in the army. They wouldn’t have let you return if they knew you were a werewolf. And why is your fur in such a state? It’s disgusting, John. You need a bath. And a trim.” A finger traced over one of his ribs, “And feeding.”
Sherlock woke slowly, and his arms tightened around John, pressing the Omega even closer to him for a moment before relaxing slightly as Sherlock groaned and stretched out.
With that, Sherlock leapt off of John’s shoulders and glided to the floor and quickly scurried away. Sighing and pinching the bridge of his nose, an annoyed frown creasing his face, John brushed his teeth. By the time he exited the bathroom, Sherlock was nowhere in sight.
Sherlock sped up his pace, and it wasn’t long before John was crying out with pleasure and shaking. A light coating of sweat covered him, and John felt a kind of bliss that he’d never experienced before, a shuddering sigh leaving him as his lips curled up at the sides.
Scrubbing his hands over his face, John glanced out the window. It was light. He should go for a walk, get some fresh air. Grabbing his cane, he heaved himself up and walked out the door.
John leapt to his feet, baring his teeth, ears flat against his head as he growled threateningly, taking a threatening step forward. He
Sherlock was away a lot. He left for long periods of time, and sometimes came back distracted, and forgot to feed John occasionally, until John begged for food, and then he would smell of guilt and would feed John a bit more than normal and take him out for a long run.
John brought his wrist up to his mouth once more, licking over the wound and not watching long enough to see it heal up almost instantaneously.
! You would never understand that,” he shot at her angrily, pulling away from beside her and flying up, to some distant cloud, and his sister left him alone to cry.
“No,” Sherlock told him quietly, pressing a kiss to John’s lips. “But, if I’m good, I’ll be on parole.”
the prince? Prince Holmes?” John asked breathlessly in surprise, looking back at Sherlock with wide eyes.
Putting his head close to Sherlock’s, John sniffed at Sherlock’s neck and realised what was wrong. Sherlock had shut down, nearly two weeks without any form of contact with his mate had caused his body to start shutting down slowly, believing its Omega had rejected it. It was almost like a coma, an instinct that allowed an Alpha to grieve peacefully before re-emerging into the real world. John stood, which
“Don’t worry, there’s only one person in my life right now,” John said, glancing up at Sherlock’s dark scowl with a smile.
Glancing at the window once more, John decided that he’d steer clear of the Dom that had moved in next door. It wasn’t worth the hassle.
Sherlock gave a low chuckle, and pressed more kisses against his lips. “I know, John, I know. But I have to go. But, I promise I’ll be back… sometime,” Sherlock told him as he gently extracted himself from John’s grip.
Sherlock’s arms and wings tightened around him, giving him a sleepy snarl. “Stay,” Sherlock demanded, his voice rough, but he was clearly still asleep.
“Well then, do you want to continue playing?” his Alpha asked with an indulgent smile, and John nodded his head eagerly, squirming under his Alpha.
The next time he woke, it was dark, and he was in a sleeping tent, strong arms wrapped around him, as well as a leg. Shifting slightly, he realised that his head was tucked under someone’s chin, and that the front of his body was pressed against the front of another’s. Inhaling, John recognised Sherlock’s scent and wondered for a moment how they’d ended up here like this, before he vaguely remembered the feeling of Sherlock carrying him.
, Sherlock cooed, licking and nuzzling John’s neck. His nose snuffled at the side of John’s neck, pausing for a moment before he bit down, hard, and ordered,
“I’ve just come off my heat, I’m not certain of anything of the moment except for the fact that I’m in my home in my jammies,” John snapped, watching the colour rise to the DI’s cheeks, and John stood back and waved them in.
A grin formed on Sherlock’s face, and John felt a wave of relief wash over him, and he grinned down at Sherlock in return.
Sherlock shrugged out of his shirt and stepped out of his socks and shoes and slid off his trousers and pants.
John transformed back into his human form, grabbed Sherlock’s hand and pressed it to his belly and repeated softly, “I’m pregnant, Sherlock.”
John shivered, stretching up and licking Sherlock’s jaw in thanks. He liked being so obviously claimed as Sherlock’s. It felt right, the same way that he’d felt when he’d submitted to Sherlock for the first time.
Sherlock looked at him and took the phone, but stilled for a spit-second in his typing, eyes widening minutely.
“Are you alright, John?” Lestrade asked, sounding worried, and John finally realised what it looked like.
“Let me up, Sherlock,” John asked quietly, rubbing the top of his head against Sherlock’s jaw when he saw his Alpha fight against his instincts to try and listen to John, “Please,” John added.
Sherlock watched John’s pained expression, and the Devil’s expression softened as he saw the clear desperation on John’s face. He placed a hand gently on John’s left wing, gently stroking the feathers, making John’s wings shiver. “It’s alright, John. I won’t let them harm either of us,” Sherlock murmured, and John stared up into his familiar face.
John had no doubt it would have escalated into one, if not for the human protesting underneath him, “Hey! Get this thing off of me!”
They spent the rest of the night getting John’s fur back into the perfect state that it always was when Sherlock looked after it. Then Sherlock got John to transform back, eat two servings of a large dinner (even if Sherlock didn’t eat, he always had made sure that John ate enough).
Eventually, it was Mike who convinced him to go to the Ball. Balls were held every two months, to help Subs and Doms meet, and were held at every local hall.
So, John got dressed in his best going-out clothes (the ones normally reserved for dates), including his best shoes, spent a while in the bathroom making himself look presentable, then walked out to the living room and collected his keys and phone from the table.
He reluctantly entered the flat, and even from the landing he could smell Sherlock’s worry and anger.  John didn’t want to face Sherlock after his angry outburst, and feared that he would be punished and forced to sleep at the end of the bed once more. John hated sleeping at the end of the bed – he’d become so used to sleeping by Sherlock’s side and tucked into Sherlock, that any other way of sleeping was insufficient.
Mike started forward again, determination in his set jaw, and John rushed forward, blocking him. “Mike, stop it!” John demanded.
John watched as a blonde sidled up to Sherlock and lean against him. John had to bite down on a growl. He knew Sherlock wasn’t at all interested in her and that he was just acting, but watching them made a funny feeling run through him. It was kind of like anger, but not. Frowning slightly, John rubbed at his chest, and then sneezed.
“You do this to me, John,” Sherlock said softly, eyes half-closing as he twitched his hips slightly, “Only you. It will only ever be you, John.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at that. “Do you think he’ll tell?” Sherlock asked in a murmur as John listened to his heartbeat.
He didn’t know how long they sat there, but when he re-emerged from both his thoughts and Sherlock’s stare, he licked his lips and gave a nod. “Alright,” he said, giving Sherlock a smile, which was returned by a breath-taking one from the handsome Devil –
Even thinking his name was painful. But, John pushed those thoughts away and took a sip of his drink with a grimace. Glancing over at Mike, John smiled fondly as his friend boasted about something.
“You’re a wolf, too,” Sherlock stated. “You were the one who made that stink around the murder so John wouldn’t smell you.”
“No!” John yelled, swinging out blindly, only to find himself being pushed down roughly by something large and soft.
Sherlock always made his meals, and if he knew he wasn’t going to be there, he left a meal for John in the fridge to ensure that John was eating properly.
John shrugged. “I didn’t really think about it. You’re all I ever need. Though, it would be stupid to think that I was the only one,” John admitted.
Back at Sherlock’s flat, they discussed everything. Turns out, Sherlock’s parents had basically kidnapped Sherlock and they’d gone to the other side of the world. They’d tried to marry Sherlock off to some Sub, but Sherlock had refused. They’d intercepted every one of the letters Sherlock had tried to send to John, and undermined every one of his attempts to escape. Until, one day, Mycroft had stood up to their parents and helped Sherlock escape back to London.
So, they set off in silence, John trying to control his breathing. Sherlock was turning a hundred in two days. He already had Sherlock’s present, but he supposed he couldn’t give it to him now. He’d spent
John could feel his heart melting with each word, a soft smile curling his lips upwards at Sherlock’s sweet words. Resting a hand on his belly and stroking softly, John wished Sherlock were here so that he could kiss his sweet Alpha. Not being with Sherlock was hellish, and John wasn’t sure how long he would be able to cope. Especially since he had Sherlock’s pups in his belly.
As promised, the next gift arrived the next day. When he got up in the morning, an envelope was waiting on his bedside table, addressed to:
Smiling slightly, John watched from his spot by the entrance to the tent, and moved to the side slightly so he could get a better view and to let others come in and out through the tent.
“No landlord would allow such a pet,” Mycroft said, shaking his head and pinching the bridge of his nose.
It felt natural for him to be bare-chested, and for Sherlock to be so as well. It was much easier to for them to fly away and not have to worry about breaking a shirt or jumper. Quick escape. John felt Sherlock start to guide him backwards, and John didn’t bother to open his eyes, knowing that Sherlock wouldn’t let him fall or trip.
“For sure. I best be off now,” She said, winking up at him then turned and left, glancing back at him a smiling before disappearing from sight.
Sherlock examined him intently, as if positive John was lying. “You really think so,” Sherlock stated, sounding puzzle. “That’s not what people normally say.”
Sherlock sighed, his fingers gently caressing John’s stomach. “I know. But you’re mine, and I shan’t let you go.”
Three days later, the first gift arrived. At first, John assumed that it had been sent to the wrong person. On his kitchen table, were two bags, with a sealed envelope sticky-taped to the outside of one. One bag was filled with several types of tea. Very expensive tea, he realised upon looking at them closer. Confused and curious, John looked into the second bag. It was filled with gourmet easy meals, and John frowned in confusion. Next, John carefully peeled the envelope from the bag and turned it over, surprised to find a black seal. Peering at it closely, he could see the imprint of a wolf face. Was this a family seal, or a personal one?
At twenty, he was strolling through London when he saw a dragon ahead. Surprised, John stilled and gazed at it. It was gorgeous, and a fire-red colour. At its side was a woman, her hand resting on the dragon’s neck. Curious, John shifted into the energy world and stared at it in awe. Wow. He’d never seen a dragon in the energy world before, and the colours were so bright and pure!
“Detective Inspector Dimmock,” he introduced himself flashing his badge at John, “Prisoner Sherlock Holmes has escaped. The guards told us that you were his doctor and that he seemed obsessed with you. You haven’t seen him, have you, Doctor Watson?”
Sherlock pressed into the kiss, one hand rising up and cupping John’s jaw to keep him in this position. They kissed slowly for a while, Sherlock’s hand caressing his belly until his Alpha pulled away slowly. John’s eyes fluttered open, and he licked his lips to savour the taste of his Alpha. John saw the way Sherlock’s gaze watched his tongue, and smiled slowly, loving the effect that he had on Sherlock.
wolf. You’re a human,” he told John, though he didn’t seem quite so certain, and his tight grip on John loosened slightly.
Basically, courting was the Alpha proving that they could provide the four basic things that humans needed to survive.
John’s heart pounded, and his head dipped instinctively as he always had when he wanted a pat. He couldn’t help it, he’d been doing it his entire life, and he hardly noticed he was doing so. When there was no hand in his hair after a moment as usually happened when he did so, John realised what he was doing and cleared his throat in embarrassment, glancing up to see a  smile flash across Sherlock’s face before it was gone once more.
They’d planned on renting a room in a hotel on the night of graduation (a nice hotel, and Sherlock had refused to tell him how much it would cost) and there they would have sex for the first time.
John winced, and although he knew Mike was just trying to look out for him, now was not the time. “Mike,” John protested weakly, his voice soft and still shaking from all his emotions, just like his wings.
Sherlock chuckled softly and gently tugged John up, pressing their lips together. “You will never have any reason to be jealous, John. Not ever. You are mine and I will never need anyone else,” Sherlock murmured against his lips.
know me,” Sherlock said softly, looking the picture of calm. “Otherwise you wouldn’t be so comfortable in yelling at me. You know my reputation, I suppose – everyone does,” Sherlock took a breath, and John jumped in.
It took half a day to get to Sherlock’s place, and when Sherlock gently shook him and told him they were nearly there, John looked out the window and gaped. “
clearing. Nobody else came here, that he knew of anyway. It was on the edge of Angel land, and he knew it was dangerous to be here now, but he didn’t care. Today was the anniversary of the day he had broken away from Sherlock. Every year, he came here and just remembered. His family had stopped keeping an eye on him now, and he hated them. All of them. His sister, his mother and his father. They didn’t deserve his love. He’d moved out of home, and moved as far away as possible from them, while still being near this place.
Sherlock gave a short growl. “You think that I’d let something bad happen to you?” Sherlock demanded, his eyes narrowing.
“Something wrong with that?” John asked, raising an eyebrow. He wasn’t, of course, but it was fun to tease Sherlock a little.
John bolted upright, sweating and whining in panic, hand scrambling at his injured shoulder as he panted heavily, practically gasping for air.
John couldn’t see his Alpha’s face like this, but the tight grip on his jaw loosened slightly. “A rabbit?” he didn’t sound as impressed as John had hoped. “You bolted from me for a
John blinked, silent for a few moments as he absorbed that information. “So, if,” John started, then cut himself off at the look Sherlock shot him and amended, “
Sherlock’s hand slipped up and cradled the back of John’s head, his long fingers gently slipping through his hair and calming him.
John waited until he received an affirming hum, and then slid onto the floor and stretched his legs out in front of him, bending over to touch his toes and continued, “Why? Why were you so determined to solve
Sherlock’s gaze seemed to soften somewhat. “You think that is the only reason I am courting you? No wonder you haven’t accepted,” Sherlock murmured, standing up.
What had happened to the Sherlock he knew? The sweet little boy? He was long gone, and John’s fight suddenly left him at the thought, sitting down suddenly. He suddenly felt far much older than he was. It just wasn’t
John was absolutely distraught, and had waited all night and well into the next morning. John flew home, his wings now strong enough to support him, though he couldn’t fly very far yet as he was still young, and discovered that Sherlock’s entire family had moved. The house next door was empty once more. Not even a trace of the fact that they’d lived here remained.
As promised, Sherlock woke him gently with kisses a few hours later. “I have to go,” Sherlock murmured softly against his skin.
Gently, Sherlock unwrapped the sheet from his body and guided him to the bed and under the covers, spooning John from behind and resting his large hands on John’s belly and his nose in John’s hair.
John and Sherlock had been on a case, and they were had been chasing a suspect down an alley way when the murderer had turned on them suddenly and pulled a gun, and fired a shot. It had missed John, and he’d tackled the murderer, but John had instantly frozen as he heard Sherlock give a sound of pain.
John stepped forward, and the Dom turned his head with a slight smirk, locking eyes and not looking at all surprised to see John. John flushed in embarrassment, gaze dropping and turned his head to the side, only to catch sight of his wings and was surprised to see that they had lowered submissively.
“To put it simply, I went feral. Hence the state of my fur. I reverted back to that of an average wolf. All I knew where base instincts and who you were and the knowledge that my own Alpha had kicked me out sent me wild. So, I fled to the first place I had been thinking about last – Afghanistan. I hunted animals or something. I can’t quite remember. Then, hunters found me. Wolf hunters. They tracked me for weeks, and then ambushed me in the night, tried to capture me in nets, and shot around randomly to spook me – which worked – and I fled and escaped, managing to get away with only a shot to the shoulder. My limp had slowed me down. The therapist Mike forced me to go to said it was because of the wound. But it wasn’t. I had it before then. It was because you kicked me out that I started limping,” John finished, watching the expressions pass over Sherlock’s face.
John watched unashamedly, gaze trailing over his mate’s naked form. A smile crossed his face – one of the goofy, uncontrollable kind. He had a mate. An Alpha. Sherlock was an incredibly special Alpha, and John was glad that he had snatched the Alpha’s attention.
Sherlock started humming softly, and long gentle fingers stroked over John’s wings. Giving a content trill, John relaxed almost completely, his body complete jelly and in Sherlock’s complete control. Sherlock’s chest was vibrating gently under John’s chest, and he could hear Sherlock’s soothing, steady heartbeat. The perfect melody to send him to sleep.
John hesitated a moment, well aware of what his wolf form now looked like, but before Sherlock could reprimand him or demand again, John transformed. He stood, head bent and eyes closed. Before Sherlock had kicked him out, changing into his wolf form had simply been shifting into his other skin, but now it was different. Now, he had to struggle to control himself and had to fight with his instincts.
There was a sigh from Sherlock, and John watched from the corner of his eye as Sherlock lowered his hand from his face and stared at John. “What was all that about earlier?” Sherlock asked, staring right at him, and John kept his gaze diverted.
John snarled in warning, but stepped off of the human as Sherlock gestured for him to, and Lestrade quickly restrained him.
Half way to work, he was sitting in a cab when the sharp headache attacked him. John rubbed at his temples and continued on, figuring it was just his frustration that was giving him a headache.
They fell into silence, and after quite a while of waiting, they finally saw the prisoners open the door and begin dragging in a limp body.
He’d promised to always protect Sherlock, and he wouldn’t be able to bear it if he was the cause of Sherlock getting harmed.
Sherlock paused for a moment and looked up at him, and John whimpered needily, shifting his hips eagerly. The silk of the panties feels nice on his heated skin, unlike the ‘scratchy’ material of the other clothes.
“I always thought something was missing from your story,” John told Sherlock after a pause, “There was never any motive. The newspapers said you’d gone insane. But, I never believed that.”
John whined and tossed in his sleep, clutching at the blankets as voices echoed in his ears, shouting, panicked voices, and then a gunshot and John bolted upright, panting and eyes darting around the place. His human body was covered in sweat and he groaned, the echoes of pain shooting through his left shoulder, but he ignored it. The pain in his shoulder was nothing compared to the pain in his heart.
He would call her later, when she’d finished work, John decided. Moving over to the couch, he settled the warm egg into his lap and called his boss. He informed her that he was taking a month off with annual leave, and didn’t say much about it. For some reason, he didn’t want to tell anybody about the egg until it was hatched and wouldn’t come to harm.
Climbing the stairs of the abandoned house, John’s nose itched and he rubbed at it, glancing up at Sherlock who was bounding up the stairs. Frowning slightly, John made it to the top of the stairs and to the doorway before he stopped, halted by the intense, overpowering smell. It obliterated everything else and his eyes watered. Glancing around at the policemen and Sherlock, he was confused as they didn’t seem to notice. Maybe it was only his sensitive nose that could smell it. It was a disgusting scent, one that made it hard to smell even Sherlock. In fact, that scent was the only thing he could smell.
“You play chess?” John asked, standing up as well. Sherlock was the only reason here was here, after all.
His fur was rugged and unkempt, dirty and tangled. The gunshot wound on his left shoulder had no fur covering it, and his fur was longer than Sherlock had previously kept it at.
The egg was a forest green, a gorgeous, bright colour. It had been weird, being pregnant even though he was a man, and even weirder giving birth to an egg. Sherlock had protected and treasured him throughout the entire pregnancy, spoiling him and making sure that he rested and didn’t do anything strenuous. Sherlock had even put up with the mood swings, and the cravings, never losing his temper.
“There-there are plenty of wings like mine,” John bluffed, flicking his wing away from Sherlock’s hand.
Sarah turned around, surprise, her face flushing in embarrassment at being caught. “Oh! John!” she exclaimed, glancing around.
“Mm, good boy,” Sherlock purred, the hand on John’s stomach rubbing the ejaculate into John’s skin, “Come.”
Sherlock’s expression cleared, and he moved away silently, going to his bed and slipping a hand under his pillow, retrieving the white with silver-tipped feather. He wordlessly gave it over to John, and John felt humbled by the fact that Sherlock had kept it under his pillow all these years – even though he couldn’t remember who it was from and had turned into a ruthless Devil.
John took it with a small smile and plucked another of his feathers, roughly the same size, and handed them both over to Sherlock. “Now. Tell me what you see now,” he instructed, heart pounding slightly faster.
Sherlock fell on top of him, just barely bracing himself with forearms on either side of John’s head, lowering his hips until John lay flat against the mattress.
Halfway through his preparations, soft violin music wafted into the kitchen and John paused momentarily, glancing in the direction of the noise and found Sherlock swaying softly with the violin, eyes closed and a peaceful expression on his face. Mesmerised, John watched for a few moments before turning around and continued making breakfast (or lunch – he had yet to look at a clock) with the music soothing him.
He listened behind him as Sherlock turned down an alley, then there was the sound of crashing and Sherlock exclaiming in pain. Stilling instantly, John swivelled on his heel and bolted for where Sherlock had gone, worry filling him. Had Sherlock been hurt?
“That’s very forward of you, John,” Sherlock drawled with a smirk, but started unbuttoning his shirt anyway.
“I just want to keep you happy,” Sherlock murmured softly, tilting his head down and burying his nose in John’s hair.
Cuddling closer, John sighed happily. Sherlock stirred slightly and grumbled softly, tightening his grip on John before relaxing again a moment later. It felt so right, to be here in Sherlock’s arms like this. He felt safe and content, but he was also awake now. His rumbling stomach informed him that he’d missed dinner, and he shifted around slightly, squirming so his back was too Sherlock’s chest and he blinked his eyes open and looked around, wondering if Sherlock had any food stored in his tent. John always kept food in his tent in case he got hungry or slept through a meal.
Sherlock’s threat made them hesitate, before reluctantly stowing away their weapons. Slowly, the humans began to trickle out through the entrance, until it was just him, his Alpha, a greying human, and the one under him.
John hadn’t noticed during the past weeks, but looking in the mirror now, John’s gaze was focused on his belly and the firm, round bump. Running his hand down his belly, John could feel it now. He’d just assumed that he’d gained weight. But, this bump was too round and smooth for that. Something nudged against his hand, and John yelped and his hand flew away from his belly as if he’d been burnt.
John read over the note several times, mouthing the words to himself in hopes that he wouldn’t forget. He hated that he had to get rid of these notes. He wanted to keep them, lock them up somewhere safe and make sure he would never forget these precious words and the feelings they produced within him.
Sherlock stared up at him for a few moments before slowly grasping his hands and standing by his own strength. Sherlock pressed a kiss below John’s ear and then murmured lowly, “I’ll get you out of this, John, don’t worry. I promise you’ll be back in Baker Street by the end of the week.”
Crime scenes were another matter altogether. It took a while before they started getting cases again, but when they did, Sherlock wouldn’t leave him behind. He would rush off ahead, but he would always make sure John wasn’t far behind. And he never left John at a crime scene. This was a change that John most definitely wasn’t going to bring up, and one that he quite liked to be honest. Sherlock also didn’t seem to like John being too far away from him whilst they were at crime scenes. It took a few crime scenes before John figured this one out. If John strayed too far away, Sherlock would call him back to get John to take a look at the body, or to get John to tell him what he thought happened.
“Smells great, John,” Sherlock told him with a hum, wrapping his arms around John’s waist and pressing a gentle kiss to his temple. “Mind if I feed it to you?”
Sherlock wasn’t listening, however, and with his newly regained function of his limbs, flipped them over so that John was on the bottom and started tearing at John’s clothes. He tugged down John’s trousers and pants, and rearranged a half-heartedly complaining John so that his arse was pressed up against Sherlock’s crotch.
As promised, the sun was still rising, shedding gentle light over the world as John took flight from his cloud and flew leisurely to the cave, humming happily to himself. There was no rush. He doubted Sherlock would be there yet – the only reason he was up was because of the sun, hitting his cloud and warming it up pleasantly.
John snarled and pinned the human down easily, flinching as there were several loud shouts that echoed in the spacious den. John crouched down over the human, teeth bared and hackles raised. He had no idea what was going on, but he knew that his Alpha had been trying to capture the human under him.
John nodded, and retracted his wings. “I’ve been monitoring it,” he admitted. “The longer period I am around you, than the faster it develops, but when I’m away from you, it slows.”
John quickly hailed a cab and headed back to his place. He didn’t let go of the egg as he quickly packed his few possessions into boxes and then went and hailed another cab and went to 221B Baker Street. Hesitantly, John opened the door and walked up the stairs and to flat B. He inserted the key hesitantly, half-surprised that it actually worked.
Sherlock glanced around, and John caught his gaze, blushing slightly as Sherlock winked at him before focussing back on his game.
There was a clearing of the throat, and John looked up to see Sherlock staring at him intensely, the phone extended in his hand, and John took it, carefully letting his fingers brush against Sherlock’s as Sherlock murmured, “Thank you.”
Sherlock pulled away and waved for him to sit down at the table, and John did so obediently, watching as Sherlock turned his back and served up a rather large serving of pasta, and a small serve. With an internal sigh, John assumed that the big serve was for him. John didn’t want it, though, but he would eat it to keep Sherlock happy.
John arched his back and bared his neck, and Sherlock pounced, pressing his body against John’s and licking and biting at his neck. Sherlock lapped at his scent glands teasingly, grinding his hard cock against John’s, the silk causing the most delicious sensations on his cock and causing John to moan loudly.
John pressed into the kiss and sighed happily, eyes falling closed. John whined as Sherlock pulled back, and opened his eyes in surprise when Sherlock flipped him over onto his belly, large hands gripping his hips and keeping them upright where he wanted them. John jolted in surprised pleasure as Sherlock’s hot tongue licked at his hole.
John sighed heavily, leaning into Sherlock’s side slightly as he sought comfort from his mate instinctively. Whilst John was still very much capable of taking care of himself, sometimes it was nice to have someone he could rely on to back him up and support him when he was feeling a little overwhelmed and out of his depth.
John was hurried through security, and made his way to Sherlock’s room with his medical bag, but froze before he got there as an Omega walked past him. The Omega turned and caught his eye with a glare and a frown, and John hurried on, heart pounding in fear, knowing that the Omega had smelt that he was bonded to Sherlock.
John listened for a moment to Sherlock’s heartbeat, and realised that Sherlock was asleep. Smiling fondly, John stayed still for a moment before he started squirming, needing to pee.
John managed to move all of his few things into 221B in the afternoon. And by evening he’d given his key back to his landlord and gotten everything settled. He spent most of the evening moving things around to the way that he wanted them and stocking up the fridge and cupboards with food.
Sherlock looked shocked for a moment, then puzzled. “You talk to our pup?” Sherlock asked, something that sounded a lot like awed pride in his tone.
Sherlock’s voice drifted into his ears. It was really odd, he was feeling Sherlock’s feelings, but he was also still in his body, staring at Sherlock in awe.
Finally, they passed off the egg to a young girl of about twenty, with gorgeous wide blue eyes and golden hair. He watched the awe in her gaze, and slipped her an envelope with the key for her new home. She didn’t even notice. Watching them for a moment, John sighed softly and then hugged Sherlock.
Sherlock beamed up at him, wings flapping proudly, and then they raced off, collecting twigs and nuts and whatever else they wanted to add to their pencils.
“No, no. A job’s a job, after all,” John said, containing his excitement at being able to see his Alpha again so soon.
When Sherlock got off of him, John rolled onto his belly instantly, twisting to glare at Mycroft. Whilst John would willingly bare his vulnerable parts to his Alpha, he would never do it for anyone else.
John watched as Sherlock slipped the phone into his pocket then cupped his face, the thumb of one hand rubbing against his lip and then pulled it back to show John the faint pink smear and making him grimace.
Sherlock smiled at him and tugged him down so they were sitting, backs pressed against a tree trunk, and Sherlock released his grip on John’s hand to wrap an arm around his shoulders, tugging John so he was curled into the Alpha’s side comfortably. “I like that you’re not a traditional Omega, John. It’s refreshing and nice,” Sherlock said, tilting his head and pressing his nose lightly into John’s hair.
“No!” John cried, feeling tears sting his eyes, but he blinked them away furiously. He couldn’t let them hurt Sherlock. He bit his lip. “Alright. I’ll go tell him,” he said, his voice wavering.
the dragon – Sherlock – told him, then in a swift movement, slid down his left arm, wrapping his long, sleek tail around John’s upper arm, his hind claws digging into John’s jumper and he gazed into the fridge before stretching his neck and plucking out a packet of raw steak.
Mrs Holmes looked at him and gave a nod at her husband and then smiled at him. “Of course,” she said, gently taking Sherlock from him.
John cried out as Sherlock fell backwards a step. “Mike!” John shouted, scowling, struggling to balance himself as Sherlock staggered and had to release John to gain his own balance back.
Sherlock huffed and slid down John’s arm and gracefully onto the table, his tail relocating to wrap around John’s wrist and make sure he didn’t go far. Amused, John took a seat at the table and watched.
A rumbly noise of pleasure escaped Sherlock as he brought his head back up, an expression of contented satisfaction on his face. “You smell amazing,” Sherlock hummed, “So incredibly sweet.  And yet, you have a hint of tea in your scent.”
John glanced out the window and panicked as he caught sight of Sherlock raising the pill to his lips. John snarled as he saw the finger tighten around the trigger, and lunged, knocking the sniper to the ground as the shot fired. He spared a moment to listen, to hear Sherlock’s continued breathing and the laboured breathing of the elderly man, and quickly and cleanly snapped the neck of the sniper before dragging him and the gun out the back of the building to dispose of it.
Whilst John wanted to stay awake and hear what Lestrade wanted to talk to him about, Sherlock’s fingers were so soothing, and he’d already been nearly asleep before Lestrade entered. John struggled to stay awake for another few moments, before he slipped off into sleep with a soft sigh.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, “I knew you’d say that. But, John, I’m almost finished here. Another week or two and I’ll be out. Meanwhile, you can go back to Baker Street and rest.”
“You’d never get him to stay cooped up in a flat,” Mycroft said bluntly, regaining a bit of strength back.
Instantly, John darted towards the fire, arms held out in front of him, grateful when Sherlock launched himself at him and into his arms. John pressed him close, closing his eyes and uncaring at how hot Sherlock felt.
“This is John. He’s my pet,” Sherlock said, chin tilting up in defiance, “And he just caught the serial killer you almost let get away with four murders!”
When Sherlock came to check on him next, John looped his arms around Sherlock’s neck and let himself fall backwards, bringing Sherlock down on top of him. He grinned at the startled noise Sherlock let out, muffled by the way his face was pressed into John’s neck, and caught himself with hands on either side of John’s head so he wouldn’t squash the Omega completely.
John was content to just stay like this, tucked under Sherlock’s wing, feeling safe. He knew no one could see him with Sherlock’s wing around him, and he felt protected. Sherlock was watching him, and he remembered that he was the older of them, and he shifted his wings slightly, moving to back away from Sherlock and out of the comfort of his wings. Sherlock’s wings tightened around him, pulling him even closer to Sherlock’s body. John flushed, but shook his head and backed out. It was too dangerous to get any further into this than he already was.
John didn’t know how much time passed, before Sherlock snapped the book shut, gaining John’s attention as he opened his eyes and tilted his head to look at Sherlock, who glanced at him apologetically. “Chess is about to start,” he said in explanation as he stood.
Picking up his phone, John saw that he had several missed calls from his boss, and a message from Sarah.
“Sarah,” his voice said, sounding firm and cold, “You cheated on me. Did you really think that I wouldn’t find out?”
Sherlock orgasmed, his wolf knot inflating and locking him inside of John. Sherlock gave a startled yelp, and then quickly pressed forward again, shifting his hips to grind the knot into John further.
John Watson was only young when Sherlock Holmes was born – in Angel terms anyway. He was 1 546 years old; give a few months - his birthday having passed mere months beforehand. His mother always scolded John for being so reckless and curious, but he just couldn’t help it – it was part of who he was. Angels lived up in the clouds, while Devils mostly roamed the streets of the human world, causing terror and chaos, but their main home was underground – in Hell.
Sherlock gave a frown, and his eyes watered as he looked up at his mother and began to cry. Mrs Holmes shot a look at her husband that looked a lot like ‘I told you so’. John stared at Sherlock helplessly.
John tilted his head back and opened his eyes to look at Sherlock, biting his lower lip. He was hesitant to hold onto such a promise, but John desperately needed the reassurance. “Not ever?” John asked hesitantly after a moment.
“Good,” Sherlock sighed out, sounding content. “Now, go. Before they get even more suspicious. I’ll see you soon.”
John came back with the tea and leant against the couch, placing the tea on the coffee table. “Sherlock?” John questioned softly.
Sherlock smiled down at him, and licked and nipped along John’s jaw to placate him, and murmured into his skin, “We need to stop before I lose control and bond us right this instant.”
Later, a few months after, Sherlock scowled at him as John once again pulled away from under his wings. John felt bad, but he knew that he couldn’t get that close. It was too much of a risk.
John thought that all of this was a bit ridiculous, but they were both allowed to go back to Baker Street, thankfully. For once, it was John and Sherlock in the flat, without needing to worry about police on their doorstep coming to arrest Sherlock. Most were still wary of Sherlock, and Mycroft forced Sherlock into a media meeting to clear everything up and get everything out in the open. To save John’s reputation, Sherlock told the media that John had been in on everything from the start, and that was why John had agreed to his courting and eventually bonding.
Sherlock reached for him apologetically, but John batted his hands away and scooted backwards, well aware of Mycroft’s eyes on the two of them. “John,” Sherlock started, but John cut him off.
“John,” he Alpha said commandingly, and John stilled, his growl ceasing but he kept his hackles raised and teeth bared, eyes locked onto Mycroft who had turned pale and pressed back into the sofa. “As you can see, that’s not going to happen. John is
“I’ll see you later, Mike,” John said, voice firm and Mike huffed, before spinning around and stomping off.
Sherlock burst into action, picking John up and striding into the bedroom. Sherlock gave a low moan as he smelt the strong smell of slick and release and heat that had built up in the room. He gently lay John down on the bed then turned around and shut the door and pushed the furniture back in front of it.
And now the question was whether John would accept or not. Accepting would mean he would get to drink the tea and eat the meals, and he
John blinked at him. He was still in his jammies, with only a sheet wrapped around him that Sherlock had forced on him after messing up his hair and sending him to answer the door. Quickly and subtly inhaling, John noted with relief that they were all Betas and therefore wouldn’t be able to scent Sherlock.
John could feel the slight sense of relief come from Sherlock. “Too bad, Sarah. I do not want you here. Get out of my flat and get out of my life and never come back. Understood? You. Are. Not. Wanted.”
“It’s not good for the pup, though,” Sherlock growled out lowly, moving forward and pressing his hands to John’s belly, making the Omega sigh contentedly, “Any stress caused to you affects the baby, and I will not stand for that, John.”
John was fine for the next two weeks, but on the fifth week since he’d begun feeling off, John discovered a shock. Sherlock had gone out once again, and John had padded naked into the bathroom to take a shower, but when he’d been going past the mirror, he glanced at it and then froze.
“It was kind of like anger, but… not. I didn’t want you near her. Or anyone,” John explained, twisting so he could see Sherlock’s face.
He was ushered through quickly, and soon (much too soon to have properly braced himself) he was in Sherlock’s room. Sherlock was lying on the bed, seemingly asleep, but he wasn’t strapped down now.
“I bought you a special pair of panties for your heat,” Sherlock purred, making John shiver and whine pitifully.
Held in place and unable to move, John found himself tilting his head to the side and baring his neck for Sherlock, and it felt as if he was sliding into a completely different headspace. Sherlock’s hand was tight around his cock, almost as if he was waiting, and as soon as John went limp in his hold once more, Sherlock began to slowly stroke John’s hard member.
There, in the sleek black armchair, was a man. He was tall and pale, with black curly hair and a certain elegance and sophistication around him. And those eyes. John would recognise those eyes anywhere. One of the long legs was crossed over the other, a bare ankle resting on the black slacks that covered the knee of the other leg. His long, pale fingers were pressed together under his chin, and those eyes were watching him calmly.
One elegant eyebrow lifted with clear amusement, pale pink lips spreading into a smirk. “Yes, John,” Sherlock’s deep voice rumbled from the man, and it was strange hearing it come from the seeming-human in front of him instead of a little black dragon.
John quietly walked over to Sherlock and waited until the Alpha looked up at him, and glanced at the flower in his hand before flicking to his face, seemingly disinterested. John gave a small smile, bowing and presenting the flower to Sherlock, saying quietly, “For your intelligence and your restraint.”
John stayed awake for a little while, just revelling in the comforting feel of being pressed to Sherlock’s side, and the warmth of Sherlock’s wing resting above him.
“Did he just nod?” came a shocked voice, and John glanced past his Alpha to the one that had spoken, assessing him to see if he was a threat.
John’s ears and the back of his neck were practically dripping from Sherlock’s grooming. They’d been stuck like this for a while, and John’s muscles were beginning to get stiff as they waited for Sherlock’s knot to go down.
Sherlock had been coming to work with him since that day, invisible and perched on his shoulders. One day, after several women tried flirting with him, Sherlock forced him home as soon as his shift ended, the possessive rage boiling within the dragon leaking over to John’s mind.
Sherlock turned to face John and grinned, looking wild, and shrugged out of his coat and tossing his scarf onto the ground, and unbuttoned his shirt, gaze locked onto John as the Omega squirmed on the bed.
Just as John was beginning to panic, one of the bit of wood opened, and in walked the human Alpha, smelling of delicious raw meat. His mouth watered, and John licked his lips, but was hesitant to approach, slinking behind a long object that was resting between the wall and the rest of the room. John watched cautiously as the human moved around the dwelling, placing the meat into something that was white and smelled cold, then turning and touched something that started making the bubbling noise of a fast-running stream. John was curious despite himself, but didn’t move, staying hidden in the dark and observing for now.
Curious, John wanted to get closer, to know more about this strange Alpha-like human, but he was also wary. Even if it had killed the hunters, that didn’t mean that he wouldn’t harm John.
Sherlock’s hum reached his ears, but he stayed in his slumped, defeated position. He could hear Sherlock making his way over to him, and looked up with a sigh. His wings twitched as Sherlock drew closer, and Sherlock crouched down in front of John, and produced something from his pocket. John drew in a sharp breath. It was his feather. The one he had given Sherlock when the Devil was born.
They were quiet apart from moans and noises of pleasure and the wet squelching noise of Sherlock thrusting inside of him, the love and affection pouring from one mind to the other speaking more than words ever could.
“You’re perfect. I’m going to get you out of this trap and take you home, and heal up that nasty injury of yours. You are mine from this moment on,” the human told John, his voice full of authority.
John could feel his gut squeeze with worry for the Alpha, and he licked his lips before replying, “Yes, alright. I’ll come in. I should only be an hour or so.”
John could feel the smile against his neck. “Almost. I’m close. Just a bit longer. This break away will allow me to stay exactly where I am for the time I need to take down the leader and break this ring for good,” Sherlock told him.
His playfulness and excitement waning, John whined in question. He wasn’t sure what he’d done wrong. He’d just wanted to play. His tail thumped on the ground to appease his Alpha somewhat. His Alpha who was panting and stunk of anger and possessiveness.
Four years passed since the day Sherlock abandoned him, and John – now twenty-one – was now used to fending off Doms for himself. For some reason, they thought him fair game, but a few well-placed punches and they left him alone.
Sherlock growled excitedly in his mind, pressing his cold nose against John’s entrance and then pressed his tongue inside, lapping at John’s entrance and loosening him up.
Sherlock’s chest was heaving, and his fear was so strong that John could smell it even though he was a human, but his face was twisted with rage. John whined low in his throat and leant forward, licking Sherlock’s jaw to try and calm him and assure him that he was okay.
“No, you were in heat when the last gift was delivered,” Sherlock said, frowning in thought, before smiling. “Ask Mrs Hudson, she probably put it somewhere.”
After walking a few blocks, the hairs on the back of his neck prickled and John turned his head just in time to see a tall figure slink out of view. Ah. So, Sherlock was following him? Well, whatever. As long as he didn’t mess anything up for him, John didn’t mind much. As much as John loved Sherlock, he needed a break from him every now and then. Being constantly around Sherlock drove him bonkers.
“Oh, no, John, it’s not. No, you being an Omega is simply a plus. You don’t act like a typical Omega – you walk and talk like a Beta, strong and defiant. You’re a doctor, and yet you also applied to be a soldier. No, army doctor. You are so very interesting, John,” Sherlock explained, slowly walking forward as he spoke, so slowly that John didn’t notice until he stopped talking and suddenly Sherlock was in his space.
But, only that never happened. After the ceremony for graduation, John had gone to say goodbye to his parents, and Sherlock had gone to say goodbye to his, and Sherlock had promised to meet him out the front of the school. So, John had gone and waited. And waited.
John rolled his eyes, a slight smile on his lips. He ignored Sherlock, inspecting his groin and legs before nodding in satisfaction. “You’re all good,” he declared. “Not feeling any major pain anywhere?”
Mike’s eyes widened and he reeled back slightly, obviously in shock. Then, his eyes narrowed and his wings puffed up, and he shot forward before John could react, socking Sherlock in the jaw with his fist.
John knew he should be disturbed by how easily and quietly someone was managing to break into his home and get so close to him without waking him, but he could only smile as he reached out and took the note, breaking the seal and tipping it upside down. Onto his cupped palm fell a key with a string and a small bit of paper attached which read ‘221B’ and a carefully folded note.
“Obviously, the trip wasn’t enough to deter you, so what do you want Mycroft?” his Alpha asked with a sigh of boredom, though John could smell that he was cautious.
A few hours later, John received a phone call from the prison, and he cautiously picked up, greeting cautiously, “Hello, Dr Watson speaking.”
Sherlock watched John and then took a step back, extending his hand to John and commanding, “Come. Walk with me.”
John Watson grew up as a Gifted. He could move his consciousness up and see the energy world. There were not many who could do what he could, though it used to be very common, now it was rare. John kept it a secret, as he didn’t see any point in bragging about it.  It was gorgeous, the energy world, with bright pulsing colours or dark, dull colours (depending on whether the owner was good or bad, and those that were both good and bad had a swirling mix of both).
Sherlock made a noise of disgust. “I’m not looking for someone who’ll bow down to my every wish and command. I want an Omega that’s capable of making their own choices, someone that can tell me when I’m doing something incredibly stupid,” Sherlock explained, his hand gently rubbing over John’s arm with his thumb.
“Why?” Sherlock demanded, shooting in front of him once more and stopping all his attempts to escape by grabbing John’s wrist in a tight grip.
He made his way to Sherlock room and couldn’t contain a smile as he saw Sherlock stretched out on the bed.
It looked like Sherlock had forced himself on John and bonded them together against John’s will. Groaning, John ran a hand through his hair. Well, this was going to be a bitch to get out of.
John whined eagerly, but stayed still and exactly where Sherlock wanted him. Sherlock was growling aloud, and the vibration was causing his tongue to vibrate and make John whimper and whine in pleasure at the feel of it.
He felt soft hands touch his wings, and felt a shiver run through him. Nobody had ever touched his wings before – not even his parents – but it didn’t feel bad. He could feel Sherlock pressing slightly on his wings, trying to peer over them, and John chuckled. He slowly opened his wings, and Sherlock fell forward with a soft cry. John caught him, gently placing him on his knee so that they could both see each other. Sherlock had a curly mop of black hair, that looked absolutely adorable, and he still had the same eyes, except they were trusting as they looked at John, and he had pale skin, and a lanky body.
Finally, Sherlock gave a small smile, and bent his head, pressing a tender kiss to John’s forehead. “Sleep, John,” he urged gently, “I’ll wake you when you need to leave.”
Sherlock shuddered at the memory and his hands tightened against his stomach for a moment before relaxing. “Never again,” Sherlock murmured into the back of his neck.
He stared up at Sherlock, one of his hands resting against the pale skin of Sherlock’s chest, the other resting lightly on the Devil’s clothed hip. Sherlock was quietly watching John, an unreadable expression on his face. Having known Sherlock for most of the Devil’s life, he knew most of the expressions Sherlock pulled, it was a surprise that he couldn’t tell what Sherlock was feeling. He frowned for a moment, searching Sherlock’s face for any clue as to what he was feeling.
“And I told you it was fine!” Sherlock snapped, obviously having been stewing over this for the entirety of the time in which it had taken John to make it home.
Mycroft’s eyes turned away from John and back to Sherlock. “Can’t you just leave him? Let him go back to the wild where he belongs and you can come back to London where you belong?” he suggested mildly.
After a while of creeping around, they came to a stop and Sherlock pulled him into a cupboard that was also suspiciously open. Sherlock drew him in front of him, pressed together with the door cracked open. “We’re here,” Sherlock breathed into his ear, head duck and eyes focused on the sliver of door that could be seen. “Now we just have to wait.”
When Sherlock got there, he rewarded John with a kiss, and John smiled happily, keeping a grip on her.
They stayed like that for a while, curled up with Sherlock stroking John’s arm whilst John played with the flower Sherlock had given him.
Whilst Alpha instinct driven Sherlock was lovely, now was not that time. John met Sherlock’s gaze and kept it until Sherlock blinked rapidly, intelligence once again gleaming in those eyes. Sherlock had obviously slipped into his instincts again when the stupid guards had broken into Sherlock temporary territory.
Sherlock huffed, turning his head and gazing at his flank. John followed his gaze and sucked in a sharp breath as he saw the wound. It looked like a bullet had grazed Sherlock’s side. John prodded at it carefully, frowning. “We’re going to need to stitch that up. Can you turn back?” John asked, meeting Sherlock’s gaze once more.
They found that dragons could catch their size at will – except for when they were first born. They could go from being the size of a child, to the size of one of the towers of London. Dragons were secretive, and only those that were Matched knew much about them. Still, seeing a dragon was rare.
“Hello Dr Watson, this is Lestrade,” the man – Lestrade – introduced, sounding somewhat awkward and cleared his throat before continuing, “Would you be able to come in today?”
“So you come searching my flat? How did you even find this place?” John asked, glancing around, angry.
“Well,” he said, “It seems as if you’re all good. Perhaps a bit exhausted, but some rest should fix that.” He flashed Sherlock a cheeky grin and stood, handing his Alpha the sandwich that he’d bought for him.
John had frowned but agreed, but it had still been another two days before he’d had the chance to travel back into Central London and to the prison. John was exhausted when he’d arrived, but had waved off Lestrade’s offer of coming back after he’d had a sleep. He wanted to see his Alpha again. He was thankful that he hadn’t experienced any more sickness so far, even though he was only a few weeks along.
“Let’s drop this topic. And let’s get us washed!” Sherlock said, picking up the soap and starting to run the soap over John’s body.
John peeked into the fridge and found that the lovely lady had stocked it up for him. Pleased, he took out lots of food. John planned on making eggs, bacon and French toast. Before his heat, he hadn’t wanted to eat, and now he was absolutely starving. Maybe he’d make pancakes as well.
He headed straight for the trees, then stilled, listening intently. The human was a way’s away. Perfect. Next, John sunk down in a crouch and waited. Before long, his prey darted in front of him, and John snatched up the rabbit quickly, crunching down hard and breaking its neck. He didn’t eat it yet, though. He listened again. The human was approaching the forest fast, and John was running out of time. He darted back to the rabbit and picked it up, then slunk under a bush and waited, barely resisting wagging his tail.
They did some research, and they found out that a normal wolf’s research was sixty-three days in length. Which only left them with roughly three weeks before John gave birth. Sherlock grew more protective, and John started nesting, hiding himself away in the bedroom as his belly grew bigger, and built a nest in their bed. He scrunched up their sheets into a rough circle, then placed some of their clothing in and around the sheets, and placed some pillows in their before pulling the covers on top and scattering more clothing and pillows on top. It smelt strongly of the both of them, and John spent a lot of time on and in the nest.
John smiled at Sherlock, grasping Sherlock’s hands. “Good. Because I’m not letting you go anywhere,” John told Sherlock, and was rewarded with Sherlock’s laughter.
“I love you, little one,” he caught Sherlock saying softly, his tone so soaked in love that it made John’s breath catch, “Everything that is mine, everything that I am, is yours. I will love you till the end of my days. You and your wonderful mother.”
He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, he just knew that the sun was slowly disappearing beyond the horizon.
Then, John pushed it back towards Sherlock suddenly. He shouldn’t be here. Sherlock took it with a frown, looking up at John, but he was already backing away. “Wait!” Sherlock called. “How do you know this?”
John bit his lip, debating, feeling four eyes watching him, one small and pleading, the rest just watching and waiting. Finally, he took in a deep breath. “Sure,” he said, still slightly hesitant.
is,” John chuckled, his own happiness combined with Sherlock’s making him feel slightly giddy from it.
Walking into the bathroom, John crouched beside the tub and turned on the water to a temperature which he found to be right. “You don’t need a hot bath, do you? Because I’m not sitting in a boiling tub,” John told Sherlock, glancing down at the dragon.
The human’s mouth curled into a slow smile, and he picked up a non-bloody piece and ate it as John watched. Then, those pale fingers picked up a bloody piece, and offered it to John. As hungry as John was, he was careful in taking the piece, making sure not to even accidentally nip the human’s fingers. And oh, it was absolutely delicious! John’s tail wagged happily on the floor behind him, earning a soft laugh from his Alpha. This went on for a while, the Alpha taking a piece, then feeding one to John.
For an Angel to fall in love with a Devil was treason of the highest order, and for a Devil to fall in love with an Angel. With a pang, John realised that Sherlock probably wasn’t Falling, and that meant tha the wasn’t in love with John. Sure, he loved John, but he wasn’t
“In the club, when you were with that girl, I felt… weird,” John said, curious if Sherlock knew what had happened to him.
John walked over to the bed and sat down on the edge. Sherlock clambered on fully, lying down on the bed and turning onto his side, propping his head up with his long pale hand, staring at John.
It took two days. Two days, until suddenly Sherlock bolted upright, teeth bared in a snarl and gaze flitting around.
Sherlock told him, easing back with his prize and clambering back up John’s arm gracefully and returning to his previous position, his tail staying lightly curled around John’s arm.
John and Sherlock were best friends for nearly a hundred years, before they were discovered. John had tried his best to be careful, but they couldn’t prevent everything. They made each other’s presents by hand, and each one was unique. Sherlock grew smarter and smarter, and he was a genius, but John knew he was the only one Sherlock was so open with. He told John things that he swore he’d never told anyone else, and John told Sherlock secrets that he’d never told anyone else.
Now was really not the time to be thinking about this, John scolded himself frantically, his wings twitching. He should leave. He
Sherlock grinned and walked over to the bed, his large Alpha cock hard and already leaking precome. He knelt and crawled over to John, sliding the panties onto him and then sitting back on his heels to enjoy the view.
Sniffing the air, he panicked as he smelt the metallic tang of guns. And, of course, Sherlock reacted to his panic by curling even tighter around him. John lifted his head and could feel the vibrations of Sherlock’s growl against the back of his head. Peeking at what he could see, John saw guards with shields and guns pointed at them.
“Mm. It’s just a sandwich, but I figured that it would be better than the food that you’ve got here,” John said, flushing a little and not meeting Sherlock’s soft gaze.
John spent the next few weeks examining his wings. The silver on his wings slowly started to turn to grey, just a few centimetres up from the tip. It was hardly anything, hardly anything anyone would notice, but to John, it was blatantly obvious. He became self-conscious about his wings. He only saw Sherlock once in those few weeks, and while he was away from Sherlock, the change in his wings stopped.
John was rooted to the spot for a few moments, mesmerised by the smell and the sight, before shaking his head and walking forward. The guards seemed on edge as he approached Sherlock, and John guessed that Sherlock had lashed out at others before, but he knew – instinctively – that Sherlock wouldn’t harm him.
Nine months after that, and John gave birth to the three pups – two girls and one boy. They named the two girls Charlotte May Watson-Holmes and Melody Jay Watson-Holmes and the boy was Tristan Ryan Watson-Holmes.
When he came back from the high of orgasm, Sherlock was practically purring in content, rubbing the sticky white into John’s skin with both hands.
John made a soft noise that was neither agreement nor disagreement. He hated it when Sherlock was mad at him, and whilst he didn’t feel like he’d gotten sick, it was the only logical explanation. “But werewolves don’t get sick,” John mumbled into Sherlock’s neck, eyes closed.
Sherlock purred in his mind, licking at John’s hole, causing John to twitch in surprise and then still as Sherlock growled.
Instantly, Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him and dragged him behind Sherlock, tucked between Sherlock’s wings.
Sherlock chuckled softly, and John couldn’t help a small smile. No matter how strange this was, Sherlock was incredibly handsome as a human. Sherlock shrugged. “Most dragons can change to and from human and dragon forms. How do you think we survived this long? We evolved to suit the times. This way, we can walk among humans and not be noticed. It’s great,” Sherlock told him, and then grinned, “Besides, how else do you think dragon eggs come about?”
John opened the door and stepped inside. “This is our new home, I guess,” John murmured to the egg, stroking the black shell tenderly.
“I saved some from dinner for you,” Sherlock mumbled, shifting around before settling and pet the space next to him, “Come. Your body warmth is comforting.”
Feeling happy, John went to his cupboard and took out one of the boxes of tea, and one of the gourmet meals, and put the kettle one. Humming happily, John prepared his meal and his drink and then sat at the table with both, content.
The next day, John woke from his nap behind what he’d learned to be a sofa, to the sound of an unfamiliar voice. Instantly alert, his ears pricked as he sniffed the air. It was another human, smelling of the same family as his Alpha. Littermates, then. It still made John uncomfortable that there was someone else in their territory. His eyes caught sight of his Alpha’s bare feet coming in to the room, then a pair of feet enclosed in black polished leather.
“Ah, hello,” John greeted with a smile, his voice rough from sleep and he propped himself up on his elbows and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
Sherlock examined the feathers with close scrutiny, and then his brow furrowed and looked back up at John, expression worried and shocked. “You’re Falling,” he stated, voice blank.
John took a step back out of shock. It was the pencil he had made for Sherlock. “May I?” he asked softly, looking up at Sherlock.
It was two years later when Sherlock got his first erection. Ever since that morning two years ago, Sherlock had been taking care of John’s morning erections, and every other erection that John got. Most of the erections that John got were caused in one way or another by Sherlock, and he was sure Sherlock knew that even though John had never told him. Their relationship had evolved past friendship, to include kisses and cuddling and hand-holding, and John was always amused when Sherlock got possessive in public, and if he thought someone else was trying to hit on John, Sherlock would grab the Sub and snog him thoroughly no matter where they were. And, okay, that had led to John provoking Sherlock a couple of time to get some possessive and ridiculously hot kisses, but no one could really blame him.
Then had come the day that John’s pack Alpha was killed in a fight with another pack. Their Alpha had been getting old, and it was better than he’d died fighting rather than succumbing to old age. But, the Alpha of the other pack had taken one look at John after claiming victory and the pack, and had run John off.
He cut the plastic packaging and took out all four raw steaks, placing them on the plate. They were rather large, so he cut them all in half. “You are
Together, they lived their life and faced hardships and losses, and together they stayed – though life and death.
John made his way over to Sherlock and he sat on the bed beside him. “Me neither,” he told Sherlock, pulling out his medical bag and his stethoscope, “But I got a call saying you were found sniffing around my old house.”
John wasn’t sure whether he was irritated that he thought John might be wasting his time and taking an unnecessary risk, or that he didn’t know what John was trying to tell him. “Where do you keep the feather I gave you?” he asked. When Sherlock gave him a blank look, he prompted, “The one I gave you when you were born? I highly doubt you’ve gotten rid of it.”
John turned away from the window and looked down at the current cause of his parent’s arguing – his bloody and bruised knuckles. John had gotten into a fight (again) with a Dom that had tried to make him submit to him. John had never reacted to a Dom – his wings never lowered, he never felt the urge to lower his gaze or bare his neck. If it wasn’t the fact that John
“Ta,” John said, rubbing his wrists. “I’m getting a bit on for this whole kidnapping thing,” John sighed as Sherlock released John’s feet as well.
The gun nudged him to walk, so John walked, and heard Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath. “You’ve injured him,” Sherlock said in a low, dangerous rumble.
When Sherlock did look up, he glanced around and a small frown creased his brow as when he didn’t immediately see John, then his gaze locked with John’s. Sherlock’s eyes were bright, every colour in them vivid and clear, brighter than John had ever seen them. In the next second they were back to their normal colour, so John dismissed it as a trick of the light. They stared at each other for a few moments, Sherlock scowling at him. He knew exactly what John was doing, and John knew that Sherlock knew. John raised an eyebrow at him, and Sherlock’s scowl deepened before the detective stood up and stalked over to them and corralled John back to the body by sweeping between John and Lestrade and pressing a hand to John’s back.
Hesitating for a moment, and then shrugging, John guessed that was now his place. He’d heard that the parents picked out a place for their baby and the Match so that they would have a good place.
John pulled back, pouting playfully, and Sherlock laughed at him, cuddling him close. John nestled into his embrace and stayed quiet for a few long moments, then spoke seriously, “Now that I’m on the case, you’re going to have to tell me everything.”
John shivered at the threat that was implicit in it. Again, he disposed of the note, though each one was seared into his memory.
“Why haven’t you accepted my gifts?” Sherlock questioned bluntly, his gaze (John noted that his eye had healed slightly, but he could still only properly use one) focussed intently on John.
A rough tongue licked over his wound, then the weight holding him down was gone. John was helpless as he struggled against his bindings, listening in confusion to the sound of screams and growls and gunshots.
Sherlock moved down his chest, sucking and nipping and leaving marks everywhere he could get his mouth. He licked at John’s cock through the panties, causing the Omega to whine and gasp as pleasure rolled through him.
Following the guards, Sherlock and John held hands as they were escorted to their new room (after Sherlock had put on his trousers and pants) and left alone to settle. Lestrade looked regretful to be putting John in the room, but John was okay with it.
It took quite a while, but ten minutes later, Sherlock groaned, his hand lifting off the ground before flopping back down a moment later. “You with me, Alpha?” John asked cautiously, unsure of how Sherlock would react.
For the next week, John was extremely busy, as he got call after call after call. He hadn’t had a chance to miss Sherlock, too busy to do anything but work and sleep. A few weeks later, and John received a call from the prison Sherlock was being held in to come and check on Sherlock as he was behaving unusually.
“Ta. I’ll see you later then,” John said, waving a hand and turning and going down the stairs, making sure to lock the door on his way out.
“I made your favourite pasta,” Sherlock cajoled gently after a few long moments, and pulled back slightly to stare down at John with a slight smile, though John could smell the worry coming from Sherlock still.
John raised an eyebrow. He didn’t know that Sherlock swore. “Sherlock,” John whispered insistently, stroking Sherlock’s wings slightly harder, trying to rouse the Devil.
They were both so distracted that neither of them noticed the camera in the corner swivelling and zooming in on them as Sherlock kissed John’s belly a few more times, then gently brought John’s hands away from his face and tenderly kissed his lips once more.
Sherlock flopped backwards on the bed, and John crawled up onto the bed with him, snuggling into Sherlock’s side and wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist with a blissful smile. Sherlock’s wings curled around him, keeping him close.
Sherlock pulled his fingers back and John cried out at the loss, only to be shushed as Sherlock ran his hands up and down John’s sides. John felt something blunt at his entrance, and then Sherlock was slowly pushing in and filling him so completely as John’s mind whirled with pleasure.
“A fairly gruesome one, yes,” John answered her then added gently, “So you should probably move along.”
John stabbed his pasta and took a bite before grimacing in displeasure, which confused him. This was his favourite pasta, and yet he didn’t want it for some reason. John twirled his food around his fork and dangled it in the air for a few moments, before a growl from Sherlock sent him shoving the food into his mouth.
John was a fighter and a healer of the pack. Because of his size, he was a formidable fighter, and it was easy for him to overpower most of the wolves that came to try and steal their territory for another pack, and he had scars all over his body to boast the number of battles that he had been in and survived. And yet, John had an affinity for knowing what plants were useful for healing. John was a faster healer than the rest of his packmates, and therefore never used any of the herbs for himself, but used them to make his packmates stronger.
John growled threateningly, gaze fixed on hers. She slowly got up and brushed the dirt off of her clothes.
John nodded, pleased. “Alright, down you hop, I need to undress,” John told Sherlock, and laughed at the way Sherlock instantly elegantly jumped off of his arm and onto the floor mat, sitting gracefully and staring up at John expectantly.
They loved their little puppies, and treated them well, giving them all that they could. They stayed in Baker Street even after their pups moved out. They lived a long and happy life together.
Closing his eyes, John snuggled so his face was pressed against Sherlock’s neck so he could inhale the strong scent of Sherlock with every breath.
“John? What happened?” Sherlock asked, confused, then his head snapped up and he gazed at the guards, and John saw dawning horror on his face.
Sherlock inclined his head to the left, “Sit with me a while, John.” It was more an order than an invitation, but John took it anyway, sitting down next to Sherlock.
Confused, John stood, and packed up his bag before walking out, casting a last look back at Sherlock before leaving and going back to his apartment.
Creeping forward quietly, aware that he was being watched intently, he peered over the side of the bed and his eyes widened again. “He’s
Sherlock’s face was soft and he was smiling in amusement, opening his eyes to look at John. He reached out and carded his fingers through John’s hair, which he instantly leant into. “Jealousy. You were jealous,” Sherlock explained, gently scratching his fingers against John’s scalp.
John came home, a month and a half since Sherlock had hatched, calling out a greeting, and stopped in surprise as the lazy greeting that was returned to him in that familiar voice wasn’t in his head, “Evening, John.”
Sherlock had gradually accepted John going to work until he could become invisible and tag along. John couldn’t wait for the day to come where Sherlock could turn invisible, because then he wouldn’t have to worry about leaving Sherlock home alone all day.
There was a lot still to be done, but hopefully with the both of them working on the case, they’d be able to crack it quicker. Sherlock had admitted to him quietly that he needed DI Lestrade to wake up from his coma otherwise there was a good chance that no one would let him out even if he did solve the case as no one other than the DI knew about it. John had comforted his mate silently with kisses and by pressing his belly into Sherlock’s hands and allowing his mate feel the smooth skin that will expand when their pup starts to grow.
John moaned and responded, opening his mouth and Sherlock’s hot tongue invaded his mouth and possessively stroked every millimetre. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curly hair, tugging lightly with a soft whimper.
“What caused it?” John questioned, incredibly curious as to what had given Sherlock his first erection.
“What?” John snapped defensively, wanting to curl his wings around himself to hide, but they frustratingly stayed spread and lowered.
needed to pee. John had been a frequent visitor to Sherlock’s house when they were young, and he could only hope that the layout was still the same. It had taken him an entire week to memorise every part of Sherlock’s house, because it was just so incredibly confusing!
John blinked, frowning. Was it possible for dragons to speak aloud? John hadn’t thought so, but then again, he only knew what Sherlock had told him.
“Er, hello,” John said with a slight nod, looking up at his mate with a raised eyebrow. Why was he here? Wasn’t Sherlock supposed to be undercover for this case?
“Sarah!” He shouted, pissed, fists clenching at his side, wanting to hit her. His gaze caught a flicker of black in the fire, and he knew Sherlock was safe in there so long as Sarah didn’t see her.
John suddenly felt exhausted and, as Sherlock gently lowered him onto the soft bed (really, it was almost as soft as the cloud he slept on) he knew that it was mental exhaustion, and not physical exhaustion that made him feel this way. Sherlock lay down next to him, and John comfortably snuggled into his side, and smiled at the feel of Sherlock’s soft wings brushing over his skin. He knew for a fact that Sherlock was covering him completely from anyone else’s eyes, and, if anyone walked into the room, all they would see was Sherlock. John gave a smile at the protectiveness his Devil –
Of course, when John woke up it was to the sound of the door being slammed open and Sherlock snarling as he clutched John closer. Groggy and still exhausted, John blearily opened his eyes and whined in question.
Startled, John looked back and saw other inmates, wearing prison uniform, with grim faces. Obviously, word had spread that Sherlock had a mate. It only took a second before Sherlock was on his feet in a rage and charging at the inmates.
“You can’t keep me here forever,” John snapped, fighting down panic. What if someone happened to see, and then his family came after Sherlock?
to do anything like that ever again, Omega,” Sherlock growled in a dangerously low tone, causing John to shiver and whimper. It was clear that Sherlock’s Alpha had taken over.
Sherlock glanced down at him, and his face softened. Pressing a quick kiss to John’s forehead, he explained, “John, this is Mycroft, my brother.”
It had been Mike who had encouraged him to continue his dream and study to become a doctor, Mike who would pick him up out of his depression every year and help him through the hard times, Mike who took away the alcohol and forced him to continue on living, Mike who convinced him that it was okay to fly again. Mike was a great friend, and John owed him a lot. Owed him everything, really.
Grinning excitedly, John looked back up to Mrs Holmes, and she gently held out Sherlock, and John took him carefully into his arms, cradling him close to his chest. Sherlock stared up at him with his big eyes, just watching John, and John smiled softly down at him. There was just something about him, something that called to John, and he wanted to stay with Sherlock. Looking up at the clock on the wall, he frowned. He needed to get back, or he was going to be noticed. “I should be going,” he said reluctantly, looking up from Sherlock’s sweet face to see that Mrs and Mr Holmes were in some sort of silent debate.
Sherlock paused and licked and kissed John’s back and shoulders as he waited for John to adjust to his massive length. John whined and shifted his hips backwards when the slight pain had subsided and all that remained was pleasure.
Lifting the dogtags carefully from the box, he slipped the chain over his head and smiled down at the tags as they settled against his jumper. Oh, they were absolutely perfect! John couldn’t wait until the day when Sherlock was cleared of the charges against him and allowed to walk free of jail and John would be able to display these tags proudly. For now, however, John tenderly lifted them again and slipped them under his shirt, where they rested against his chest as a cold, comforting weight. John loved them already.
Sherlock told him simply, and John huffed another laugh, stroking a hand down Sherlock’s back once more.
Slipping quietly out of Sherlock’s room, John made his way towards where the bathroom hopefully still was.
John spent the next two weeks at home, taking the egg everywhere he went, not wanting it out of sight.
John fought, wanting to sink his teeth into Mycroft’s flesh, and he quickly found himself on his back, a knee on his belly and a hand on his throat. Stilling instantly, John submitted to his Alpha.
John settled in quickly into his new home with Sherlock. As promised, he sent a letter to his parents to inform him that he was safe and sound and bonded with his Alpha. They had a few fights, but always made up (generally with sex) and it wasn’t long before John was pregnant with his first litter. Sherlock was just as excited and pleased as John was, and they spent almost an entire day making love tenderly and slowly.
John didn’t even hesitate before nodding his head eagerly. In this state, he’d do anything for his Alpha.
John opened his eyes obligingly, and was surprised by how Sherlock looked. His face was flushed red, mouth parted slightly and pupils so huge that there was barely a glimpse of his gorgeous eye-colour, and his wings were up high on display, the gorgeous dark colours causing John’s own wings to shiver and stay spread and lowered.
His father looked like he was about to protest, but Harry stepped in. “I’ll go with him,” she said, barely giving John a glance.
He was uncomfortable in the clothes, but his gaze was glued to Sherlock as he watched his human mingle and search the crowd for their murderer. Regularly, Sherlock’s gaze would sweep over to him, then he’d turn away once he was satisfied John was still in the same spot and safe.
Once John was done, John stood. Sherlock’s grip tightened on his shirt, and he yanked on it hard, causing John to stumble forward and catch himself on the bed, partially leaning forward over Sherlock, his ear by Sherlock’s mouth. He heard the guards swear and start forward, but John held up a hand to indicate they should wait.
John was sad he wouldn’t get to see what their baby looked like, but he knew that he would give it up so that someone else could have the wholeness that he felt with Sherlock.
“Oh, don’t worry. I watch a lot of crime scene shows, I’m fine,” She told John, peering around John and staring straight at the bloody murder.
He burst out the back door of the club and found Sherlock and the lady in the alley. She was pressed close to him, and John saw a flash of her claws before John raced forward and ripped her from him, throwing her against the floor and pressed his back against Sherlock’s chest, his body tensed as he snarled.
Humming happily, John glanced over and found Sherlock hunting for something in the living room. Smiling to himself, John got to cooking, hunting through cupboards to find what he needed.
“Wolf,” John blurted out, then his eyes widened and he stepped back. He hadn’t even known that he could speak like a human. But being referred to as a dog had rankled him, and his mouth had reacted before he could think.
John writhed as Sherlock teased him, licking all the slick from his legs and butt, and then fucking him with his tongue until he came with a sob into the panties. Sherlock soothed him though his orgasm, and then pulled the thin slip of string away from his arse and thrust in with no further preparation.
John smiled happily, incredibly pleased. “I’m glad you like me so much,” John told Sherlock and kissed his Alpha to show his appreciation.
He flattened out on Sherlock, letting himself put his full weight on Sherlock. Sherlock’s hand twitched again, and John continued whispering soothingly to his mate and stroking his hair and body as much as he could reach. He reassured Sherlock with his scent, voice and weight, waiting patiently for his Alpha to rouse.
Sherlock gave a soft growl of displeasure, but was instantly distracted as John shifted, his shirt and jumper lifting a bit, the Alpha’s gaze finding some lace from his panties.
John and Sherlock made up a story about adopting the kids, though Mycroft seemed incredibly suspicious when he came to see them, but was too scared to say anything different with both John and Sherlock glaring at him.
! He would always remember Sherlock, but Sherlock would forget him by the time another hundred years had passed, if not before that.
“I’m here, Sherlock,” John assured Sherlock, closing his eyes and letting out a deep breath of relief. “You scared the crap out of me, Sherlock! Don’t ever do that again!” John scolded.
The next few days flew by. Lestrade (the DI) woke up and ordered Sherlock out of the prison. The media went into a frenzy, claiming Sherlock to be an ‘Alpha dedicated to his work!’ and praising him for his faithfulness and thanking him for keeping London safe.
Growling in frustration, John slid his fingers away and out of himself and stood, ignoring the slick that was dripping down the back of his thighs and marched over to the bedroom door, locking it and pushing a chest of drawers in front of it, then moving furniture in front of the only window in his room, so nothing would be able to get in.
rescued rankled John, he had to admit that the Alpha had been taking good care of him. John felt better than he’d felt in moons, and he was grateful to the human. John would be loyal to him for taking care of him like this.
He flashed his hand – and the phone number – at Sherlock, “I do believe I’ve just gotten the phone number of our murderer.”
John kept a tight grip on Sherlock’s hand and shifted slightly so that his mouth was hovering next to the wound. He brought his wolf closer to the front, allowing his teeth to sharpen and his gaze to become better, fingernails sharpening almost into claws. After taking a deep breath to steady himself, John bit down, hard, his teeth easily slicing through Sherlock’s skin. He pulled his teeth out, drawing his free hand up and he bit down on his own wrist, causing it to bleed. He pressed his bloody wrist to the wound he’d created on Sherlock’s chest, hissing through the sting and rubbing the two wounds together . Then, he bent down and licked at the wound, the mix of saliva and blood entering Sherlock’s bloodstream as the wound healed over.
Sherlock gave a groan, and John instantly sat on the bed and grasped his hand. “Sherlock,” John whimpered. “Should I take you to hospital?”
“You won’t remember me,” John said in a soft voice, not looking up. “But, perhaps, you will remember this.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out the pencil Sherlock had made for him. He held it gently, before looking up and holding it out to Sherlock.
“Alright, then,” John said, and hummed softly, lifting his arm carefully to take the packet from Sherlock’s sharp teeth, and headed over to the cupboards and retrieved a plate and a knife.
On the third day, someone tried to enter, and John snarled at them. A Beta, his mind provided, but a male and definitely
“Mm. We understand if you wouldn’t want to work with us anymore because of that, but we really want you to check him over for us tomorrow,” Lestrade asked hesitantly.
Three hours later, and three more pups had come into the world, two girls and a boy. In total, they had three girls and one little boy. John licked them all clean, and after the after-birth had come out of him, John relaxed into the bed, exhausted.
She sounded excited to see him, moving straight on from the murder. John watched her carefully. He’d lived with Sherlock long enough to control his body to conceal things, so he smiled at her and said, “Yes, he’s going to solve it. He
They were interrupted by a knock on the door, and John opened his eyes sleepily. He’d been on the cusp of sleep; the emotions that Sherlock had filled him with had made him exhausted. Sherlock snarled lowly at the intruder, but didn’t move except to press John tighter against him.
As soon as his Alpha appeared, John leapt out, paws outstretched and panting happily. He landed right in front of the Alpha, then danced around him, yipping excitedly before dashing off again, slower this time. They’d played the game of chase around the small den before, so John wasn’t aware that anything was wrong until his Alpha caught up and tackled him. John was surprised dropping the rabbit, as this wasn’t part of the game, and then John was being snarled at and roughly turned over, his Alpha straddling his stomach and holding his neck bared by a hand on his jaw.
John was quick to discover that wood covered all of the exits, and no amount of shoving would make them budge. How did humans get in and out of these blasted things?
The Dom blinked slowly, and John was completely unprepared for the slew of words that poured from his mouth, “You’re my age, Sub obviously, you have an older sibling, your father is an alcoholic and your parents fight often – hence why you’re out here now. You’ve been avoiding me, even though your parents have already stopped over to say hello and welcome us to the neighbourhood, and at school you only interact with other Subs, so clearly you have a problem with Doms. This is due to the fact that you have a dislike of Doms as every Dom you have met has tried – and failed – to force you to submit.”
John whined aloud, then reluctantly stood and made his way back to the flat. As much as he wanted to whinge and disobey, he didn’t dare to. The fresh air was so lovely, and the flat was stuffy.
Especially that last time. The first time he’d started collecting the brochures and pamphlets, he hadn’t known that he was doing something wrong – Sherlock had, after all, always encouraged his learning of new things that John found when they were out walking or when he sent John to the shops to get food.
Sherlock frowned confusion, seemingly torn between wanting to keep demanding answers, and accepting the one that he’d been given. “You can’t be John. John is a wolf.
John blinked in surprise. But he was born from a wolf family. Pure wolves. He glanced behind him at Sherlock and saw that he looked confused too, but was better at hiding it.
Sherlock’s hand slipped off of John’s belly and covered up the skin once more, before resting on the same spot, just on top of his clothes now.
They stayed like that for a few moments, before Sherlock slid a hand up to cup John’s face, before pressing closer and licking his way into John’s mouth, growling slightly from pleasure as he pressed John as close as possible as he explored the Omega’s mouth with his tongue.
“Now,” he crooned, walking over to the dresser and rifling through it before pulling out a pair of black silk panties with a tiny crotch and hardly any back. It was more like a G-string than panties, “You’ll wear these to make your Alpha happy, won’t you?”
When he’d turned around, Sherlock had crumpled to the ground, a hand clutching at his stomach. After that, his memories were a bit of a blur. He remembered killing the murderer, then picking up Sherlock and ending up back at Baker Street. He’d lain Sherlock down on the bed, and paced at the side of the bed.
Sherlock gave him a small smile, and stood, gesturing with his hand for John to follow him, which he eagerly did. They went into the living room, and John stayed in the middle whilst Sherlock went around the room and closed the curtains and locked all of the doors. John waited with rising anticipation, until Sherlock turned to him with a smile and started stripping. John eagerly followed suit, stripping down until he was completely naked, and then transforming into his wolf form.
Sighing, John closed his eyes and nestled close to Sherlock. It would be okay, he assured himself. Even if Sherlock wasn’t in love with him, John would still spend as much time as possible with him. Maybe he was naïve in his views, but he believed that it didn’t truly matter if Sherlock wasn’t in love with John, John would continue loving Sherlock and everything would be okay.
John blinked slowly and met the human’s gaze for a few long, tense seconds, before he dropped his gaze and his tail, walking forward until he was at the human’s feet. There, he sat, and rested his head cautiously on the human’s thigh.
“Sherlock?” John asked hesitantly, tugging lightly on Sherlock’s shirt, “Please look at me,” John begged.
Sherlock chuckled softly, seemingly amused. “Well, it was easy. Exceptionally so,” Sherlock said, before bending forward and whispered in John’s ear, “And I
John pulled back and frowned up at Sherlock, “I don’t want to leave if I can’t leave with you,” John told Sherlock firmly.
John let out a soft noise, half sigh and half purr, then cleared his throat and reluctantly pulled back.
Dragon eggs all took different times to hatch, between a few days and a month. He would need to stay by its side and care for it and make sure no harm came to the precious egg in his hands.
John smiled, allowing the water in his eyes to finally spill over into tears that trailed down his cheeks. Those could be the last words that Sherlock ever said to him.
John placed his hands over Sherlock’s and sighed. “Promise to wake me before you leave?” John asked in a soft murmur, eyes already closed and slipping into sleep.
John snorted, “Of course I do. Have to let our pup know that they’re loved,” John replied, rolling his eyes even as he felt his face flush.
By lunch time, he’d bought a sandwich for Sherlock and was at the prison, trying to contain his excitement.
“I was just calling to tell you that Sherlock Holmes was found this morning around your old house and we’ve got him back in custody,” Lestrade informed him.
Snorting, John crumpled the letter up in his fist, face red, and once again soaked it in the sink and watching as it dissolved.
Some of the guards winced, and Lestrade blew out a breath. “Unfortunately, John, I do need to arrest you for associating with a criminal and possibly helping him to escape, but we can set you two up in an Alpha/Omega bonded room.”
With a few more thrusts, his knot inflated and caught inside of John, joining them together at the same time that Sherlock bit down hard on John’s scent glands and bonded them together for life.
The second time John transformed, he was a little more prepared. Sherlock had yet again been gone for a few hours, and John slipped out as the sun set, going to a different park this time, one that was further away in hope that it would deter Sherlock.
“Show me your ID,” Sherlock ordered, and even though his voice was soft, the order was hard to ignore.
“They’re gorgeous, John,” Sherlock whispered in awe, transforming into his wolf from and curling around John and the pups.
“It’s just me, John, Sherlock,” Lestrade’s voice greeted them, and Sherlock relaxed a little above him.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he said, his voice wavering. He didn’t want to do this. He’d figured out his emotions for Sherlock over the years. He
As they touched down in front of the Holmes’ mansion, it started to rain. At least that might hide his tears. Taking in a deep breath, he knocked on the door, half-hoping that there was no-one home.
John stilled and waited for Sherlock to relax before he slowly and painfully pulled himself from Sherlock’s (incredibly strong) grip. Finally, he was free and he breathed a sigh of relief.
John turned and watched as Sherlock sniffed around the flat, tail in the air, and John felt fond amusement as Sherlock leapt around the room. He watched as Sherlock’s nose wrinkled and his head turned to face the kitchen.
He’d already been here for two hours, and Mike was still talking to one female Sub with pretty chocolate wings, and John was bored. He’d already offended five Doms, punched three, and even gotten one to submit to him. John’s wings remained high in defiance, and he knew that they would only lower for one person – Sherlock.
John gazed in awe at Sherlock’s wolf form. He was large – much larger than John – with black shaggy fur that was curly, and his eyes were still the same piercing blue. John rolled onto his side, gaze watching Sherlock and his tail thumped against the bed.
“Not even you can stop everything,” John shot back. Like Falling, a small voice in his head helpfully pointed out.
Upset, John barged in the door and raced up the stairs. John’s gaze locked onto Sherlock and found that Sherlock was on the phone, pacing and talking, but he instantly stilled at John’s arrival, gaze flicking over the distress evident in his body.
“But nowhere near as interesting as you, my precious Omega,” Sherlock purred, slipping one hand underneath Sherlock’s shirt and jumper and rubbing his stomach gently.
After they were washed and dried and dressed, they headed into the kitchen after taking down the barricade John had erected. The flat was clean and tidy, heavy with the floral perfume and the Beta scent of Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock was very accommodating to John’s mood swings and cravings, but didn’t let John eat things that were extremely unhealthy, and made sure that John was healthy. Sherlock took online courses on home-birth, as they couldn’t go to a hospital.
Hackles raised, ears pricked, he heard Sherlock and an elderly male talk in the other building, goading Sherlock into taking a pill. John rushed through the halls, pausing as he located the scent of the gun. It was a sniper, ducked down low with the barrel of the gun just barely out the window, trained on Sherlock.
There was a fair chance that this heat had left him pregnant, but John didn’t care, as he knew Sherlock would love that and would be a great father.
John merely hummed, too blissed out and content to answer properly. Forming words was just too difficult a task right now.
John kept quiet, heart racing with fear. As his silence stretched, his father gave him a choice. “You either stop being friends with him, or we will go after
John closed his eyes in acceptance, taking a deep breath. He supposed he deserved this. After all, he had promised to take care of Sherlock for Mycroft, and then he had left. But he hadn’t broken his promise. He
How was he meant to get out of this one? Ah. “Everyone knows you,” he answered Sherlock, not liking how close Sherlock was getting. He wished he could trust Sherlock to not to try and kill him.
John didn’t own a phone (why would he, when Sherlock just lived next door? And besides, John was terrible with electronic devices and it was better to leave those to Sherlock) nor did he have a computer, so there was no way for his to talk to Sherlock.
“Because they were going to hurt you if I didn’t!” John said loudly, frustrated, before taking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly. “If I didn’t stop seeing you, they were going to go after you and hurt you. I couldn’t – can’t – let that happen, Sherlock, okay? I just
John was strong. He hadn’t cried when his parents had yelled at him, nor when he’d broken his arm, nor when his mother had died in a car crash, and not even when his father had died from a heart attack a year later. But, after a year, John had to face the truth – Sherlock wasn’t coming back. That broke John. John cried then. He cried and cried, and wailed at the unfairness of it all.
Sherlock didn’t respond to his words, simply nuzzled John’s hair and breathed in deeply. “It’s fine,” John mumbled after a while, relaxed into Sherlock’s hold, “But you can’t freak out every time that someone has a go at me. I am perfectly capable of defending myself.”
Was it the baby that chose? Before he could process any further, there was the large, elegant face of a dragon in his face, then an egg being pressed into his hands. Automatically, he curled his fingers around it and cuddled it to his chest. It was black in colour, and fit easily in his cupped palms. So entranced in staring at it, John didn’t even realise until he’d looked up, that the dragon was gone, leaving him with the egg and an envelope.
John crouched beside the bath once more. It was filling quickly, which was pleasing, and John waited in silence with Sherlock sitting beside him until it was filled almost to the brim. John quickly turned off the taps and scooped Sherlock up and stepped in with him, sinking down into the water with a content sigh. Sherlock settling in his lap, before shifting a few minutes later and draping across his chest, head on John’s shoulder and wings spread and floating in the water.
“Bye, Sherlock,” John mumbled, closing his eyes, and smiled at the feel of soft lips against his forehead.
The Dom in front of him blinked rapidly, as if confused, his face scrunching up adorably, though his wings puffed up with pride. “That’s… not what people normally say,” he said slowly, his voice already a deep rumble for someone so young.
“Sir, we should arrest him,” one of the guards said to Lestrade, and Sherlock snarled loudly in warning.
somehow. He’d never been truly satisfied in his pack. The Alpha there had never made John submit to him like this. This human called him perfect, and smelled possessive already, like John would be the only one. No other packmates to compete for attention. Just him, and this human of an Alpha. The thought felt good, and John’s hackles flattened, lip settling into place over his teeth. John squirmed, and this time he was allowed to do so, until he was leaning up and licking at this strange Alpha’s jaw, showing his respect. Whilst he wasn’t entirely sure that he trusted the human, it couldn’t hurt to belong somewhere, right? Even if it was with a human.
John howled in pain, and bolted backwards the second he was free. His head spun at the sudden movement, his blurry vision turning black.
For weeks, John was in a state of shock and denial, sure that any day Sherlock would turn back up and sweep him away and apologise. But, it never happened.
Sherlock didn’t laugh, but his lips twitched up in the corners in a show of amusement, his gaze focussed intently on the prisoner underneath him. A Beta, but a Beta that had threatened Sherlock’s pregnant Omega mate. John didn’t envy any of them right now, but a glance at Sherlock showed his mate was tense, but still and waiting.
Thanks for all the love and support and kudos and comments, I love every one of you! I hope you can be patient with me whilst I get back into my writing groove! Hopefully the next chapter won't take a month, but I can't make any promises as I'm doing tafe this year and may get busy... Love you all heaps, please know I love every comment and kudos I receive!
“This will hurt, a lot,” he was told, bluntly, and didn’t have even a moment to prepare himself before the human was wrenching open the teeth of the trap.
“How long have you known?” Sherlock asked, his other hand coming down and cupping the bump with both hands, tilting his head to the side slightly to encourage John’s soft kisses.
Back in the – their – flat, Sherlock shut the door behind them so Mrs Hudson wouldn’t hear and faced John, who was waiting in the middle of the room, cane long since discarded.
“Stay silent and you’ll live,” a voice hissed in his ear, accompanied by a gun to his neck, nudging him to stand. “Are you alone?” The girl asked in a yell.
“I’m Sherlock,” Sherlock declared proudly, cuddling the feather to his chest, making John smile, his heart swelling with an unknown emotion.
“Relax, I’m not going to kill you,” the human snorted, as if offended. “I’ve never seen a wolf so large before, nor one that’s lasted so long in a hunter’s trap. Nasty things, they are, you should be glad that I disposed of the hunters otherwise you’d be long dead. They keep coming here, onto
patient -), he arrived at the prison and was escorted by several guards into the best security part of the institute.
Sherlock bent down and pressed their lips together quickly before pulling back and grabbing John’s hand and started running.
The world John lived in consisted of mostly Betas, with the occasional rare Alpha or Omega. Alphas and Omegas were treasured, and an Alpha and Omega meeting was extremely rare, so the government had set up centres were Alphas and Omegas could go to meet others and hopefully mate and bond and produce more of them.
Sherlock could suck it up, as John was coming whether Sherlock wanted him to or not! Sherlock had bonded with him knowing that was a stubborn, non-traditional Omega, and John knew that Sherlock loved that about him.
The human leant forward, his eyes and scent turning dark and dangerous, as if he’d heard the direction John’s thoughts had taken. “Don’t test me,” he spoke in a low rumble that had John’s fur rippling down his spine, “I could have just as easily left you there to die. I can and will overpower you if you fight me.”
Sherlock snorted, and then his face softened, and he sighed, wrapping his arms around John and slumping into him. “You should have told me sooner. You’re
It was easy to fall back into old habits, and they fought sometimes as all couples do, but they were happy.
John had lingered outside the flat for months on end, but Sherlock never once called for him or looked for him.
Mrs Hudson. The person was silent for a few moments, before he could hear the sound of them quickly retreating.
“John.” The soft murmur roused John instantly, and he blinked his eyes rapidly, and the first thing he saw was Sherlock’s face next to him, happy and open.
Not long after, he heard footsteps behind him again. So, he’d been right. Sherlock hadn’t given up, but had instead tried to trick John into thinking that he had. Despite himself, John could feel himself getting excited. This kind of chase was thrilling and dangerous, especially since Sherlock had no idea that it was John he was chasing. And John was happy that Sherlock cared about him so much that he would chase a seeming stranger around London to get answers.
Sherlock looked up and caught John’s gaze then, and Sherlock’s eyes were filled with such love and wonder, that John couldn’t help the way that his face heated up and tears pricked his eyes. John wasn’t the most emotional of Omegas, but he knew that Sherlock wouldn’t think any less of him for this act of weakness. Anyone in his position would tear up at least a little. To have such a wonderful, loving Alpha, John was lucky. He knew Sherlock would spoil both him and their pup, and would love both of them forever.
John ran for days and days, well aware that the new Alpha was hot on his heels, and it was only when John left the territory that the Alpha turned back. John kept running. John was smart and fit, and knew how to take care of himself. He only stopped for water or food before he kept on going. He wanted to run until he reached a place where there were no more wolves, somewhere that John could be alone.
John cursed loudly as his knees gave out, and he crashed to the ground, hitting his head then everything went dark.
Hands cupped his furry cheeks and tilted his head up to meet his Alpha’s gaze. “Thank you, John,” he was told softly.
“Oh, definitely not,” she laughed quietly, then grabbed his hand and a pen and wrote her number on it, her pale cheeks flushing red.
It was yet another crime scene, this one was a particularly gruesome one, one that made even John cringe and Sherlock pause. The past four crime scenes had been spotless, frustrating and pleasing Sherlock in equal parts. But now everyone was feeling the pressure as the killer kept getting away and leaving no clues, four men in their fifties now dead. John was hanging back a bit, wanting to not have to look (or smell) at the corpse constantly. He was still in the ‘zone’ of acceptability according to Sherlock, which was good, because John was unnerved by this one. All of the men (besides their age) looked too much like himself for his comfort. John wasn’t one to be unnerved easily, but whoever was doing this was obviously sick and twisted beyond belief and John didn’t want to be anywhere near them.
“Enter,” Sherlock commanded, sounding superior and calm despite the tenseness John could still feel lingering in the Alpha’s body.
“No, but you are pregnant. I can smell it on you. Surely, police coming around and asking questions whilst you are without your mate would be upsetting?” Sherlock said with a querying hum.
John nodded and to his surprise Sherlock smiled. “So, you’re not afraid of being all alone in the woods?” he questioned, and John shook his head.
The first date John had tried to go on after Sherlock had been back for a few months, was a disaster. Sherlock had been in a sulk from the moment John started getting ready, and didn’t say a word or look at John as John said goodbye. It had bothered John, and he hadn’t stayed with his date for more than ten minutes before leaving again and picking up takeout on his way back to Sherlock. When it came down to it, John would much rather have Sherlock than go out on a date. It was fine. He could live happily as long as Sherlock was alive and with him.
Sherlock had done this to him so many times at the end of chases that John didn’t even struggle, submitting under Sherlock’s weight and tilting his head back to bare his throat to his Alpha.
“What happened to the prisoners?” John asked, diverting Sherlock’s attention as he really didn’t want to get caught having sex in a prison twice.
Sherlock’s fingers snapped together and John stood instantly, slinking out from behind the couch, every move calculated and distinctly that of a predator, his eyes not leaving Mycroft as he stalked over to Sherlock and lay down at his feet.
Sherlock must have felt his fear through their mental link, as Sherlock’s panicked voice filtered through his head.
John managed to steer clear of the family that moved in next door for two weeks, before he ran into the Dom. John had been going for a walk – needing to get out of the house and away from his parents who were yet again arguing -, when he came across the Dom stretching his wings. It was a gorgeous sight, and John stopped still where he was on the footpath. The Dom had his back to John, and his wings were completely extended and curled upwards slightly. John took a good look, entranced and forgetting that he was meant to be steering clear of all Doms. The feathers were still downy and fluffy, and they were darker at the top (almost black) whilst the bottom of the feathers were a light brown. They were absolutely gorgeous. Then, John noticed the barely-there fluffy pair of small second wings just below the first and was astounded. Only very, very powerful beings had two pairs of wings.
John greeted, trying to sound casual, and wagged his tail as he stood up and walked forward, nuzzling Sherlock.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and flopped back down onto the sleeping roll, and waved a hand imperiously towards the corner of the tent. Curiously, John crawled over and found a tray, and lifted the lid off. His mouth watered as he gazed at the food.
“I never promised to keep him unharmed,” the girl laughed deranged, “And now I have both of you! Oh, what a perfect pair! Once you’re both dead, the police will never catch me!”
He felt Sherlock huff out a breath, obviously unimpressed. Suddenly, Sherlock gave a low, keening whine and nuzzled John’s neck. Surprised by the sudden change of emotion in the small dragon, John glanced over at him and found Sherlock’s big eyes very sad.
Sarah didn’t take it well, but John hadn’t expected her to. He managed to firmly tell her that it was over, then went to bed with the egg and curled up around it under the blankets.
, John. No one else’s,” Sherlock hissed, tearing (literally) John’s clothes off of him, and his own was quick to follow until they were both naked.
“Mm, I know,” John responded, kissing Sherlock chastely before leaning against him and turning on the Telly.
Sherlock circled him, muttering to himself, before he finally snapped his fingers and John transformed back an instant later, sitting on the floor and finally looked up at Sherlock, who was frowning down at him.
“Yes,” John answered without hesitation. John trusted Sherlock completely. Sherlock was the only Dom who John had ever liked or reacted to, and John wanted him to be the only one.
John was excited to finally be able to help Sherlock out, and with a police case no less! Even though he’d been targeted earlier that day, John wasn’t fazed. Sherlock, however, always seemed to make sure that John was within grasping distance at all times without looking behind him. Sherlock’s arm would reach backwards and once he’d touched some part of John, he would be satisfied and move his arm back to his side.
“Then I won’t return. Either find me somewhere that John and I can stay, or stop bugging me, brother mine,” Sherlock said, huffing.
John waved him out, then locked the door behind them and made his way back into the bedroom. Shutting the door behind him, he looked around, calling out softly, “Sherlock?”
John had lain in bed for a while, tried to eat something, thrown it back up, then, unable to stay in the flat a moment longer, went out for a walk.
Sherlock stood, bringing John up with him, his second pair of wings wrapped firmly around John’s hips and keeping him steady and pressed against Sherlock’s front.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Sherlock grumbled, half-sitting up and rubbing at his eyes with the heel of his palm and gazing at John steadily.
“I refuse to be courted simply for the fact that I’m an Omega,” John responded, lifting his chin defiantly.
Sherlock growled lowly and cuddled John even closer. “Lestrade came and took them away, I assume that they’ll be put into isolation and questioned. No doubt they are part of the murder ring that I’m about to break,” Sherlock told him, licking John’s jaw and his tongue lingered on the Omega’s skin.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment more, a small smile twitching on his lips, before he turned and started walking, saying, “Come, John. We’ve much to discuss.”
bad. He could feel Sherlock’s sharp gaze on his face from where the Devil stood at the entrance to the cave he had shoved John into. John didn’t even know where they were, just that it was way outside where any Angel could see and hopefully help him. He really shouldn’t be here. Not with Sherlock.
John blinked in surprise as he found that his balance had changed slightly. Tottering in a circle, John stayed still as Sherlock approached. Sherlock circled him, sniffing, and when Sherlock paused by his rear, John turned and snapped at him in warning without conscious thought.
Sherlock gave a growl of pleasure in response, lowering his body until every inch of their bodies were touching, Sherlock’s erection pressing into his stomach, making John give a keening whine and arch up.
Sherlock snorted. “Mycroft doesn’t count. He’s only useful when I need favours to get in and out of high-security places such as here,” Sherlock told him, rolling his eyes, “And the Lestrade’s are useful for cases. I wouldn’t count them as friends.”
“I want you to come back to the city,” the other human – Mycroft – said bluntly, irritation colouring his tone, “You’ve had your fun, now come back and stop this tantrum at once Sherlock.”
John moaned as his nose pressed against the soft curls around the base of Sherlock’s cock, and he could both hear and feel Sherlock’s accelerated breathing.
John shivered at the words and nodded. Sherlock pulled back and kissed John’s forehead before cuddling him close. “Sleep, John,” Sherlock whispered softly, and John nodded again.
Shaking himself out from his depressing thoughts, John sighed and sat up. There was no point in trying to go back to sleep now. He was back in London, in a tiny, crappy flat, wishing he’d never even heard of war.
John’s gaze flicked up to Sherlock then down again, sulking, and his nose flared as he smelt pasta. Sherlock had obviously cooked dinner whilst John had been on his way back, and John, for once, wasn’t hungry. Although, that didn’t really surprise him as he never ate when he was upset. And John was currently upset that he’s potentially angered Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned. “You’re lying,” he said after a moment. “Why would you lie?” He sounded genuinely confused.
Tilting his head back to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder, John gazed up at Sherlock’s face. He could see the Alpha pride and the contentedness and the bliss of being new mates, but also sadness. They both knew that he couldn’t keep out of jail forever.
“John,” Sherlock snapped, his tone an order and John had no choice but to let go of Mike and step back to Sherlock’s side.
One night when John was thirteen, it had started off like every other night, and John had woken as usual with Sherlock wrapped around him tightly from behind, except it had only taken John a moment to realise that something was different. John’s cock was hard, and when John squirmed and it rubbed against the front of his pants, John couldn’t help but to gasp at the pleasurable feeling. It took him another moment to realise that this was his first erection. Squirming in Sherlock’s tight grasp, John’s head tilted back and his wings shuddered with pleasure.
John couldn’t concentrate as Sherlock started rattling off facts about the body and the murderer. It was pure torture to sit there and breathe in that scent with every painful inhale, and Sherlock didn’t notice, at first.
John tackled her and easily restrained her, snarling in her face. She fell still, and John grabbed her by her scruff and dragged her to the police station, transforming before he got there and she followed his lead. John  pulled out his phone and texted Sherlock, waiting patiently for him.
Curling on his side, John wrapped his arms around his belly and pressed his nose into the pillow, inhaling Sherlock’s scent and falling back into sleep.
Sighing, John lifted his pillow and retrieved the envelope under his pillow, curious, but knowing he shouldn’t read it. Rolling out of bed, John felt itchy. Frowning in discomfort, John shook his head and stood, hoping he wasn’t getting sick. He disposed of the note in the sink and then went and took a shower after placing the envelope for Sherlock’s landlady into his wallet (he had to fold it to get it in, but he figured that wouldn’t matter too much.
Sherlock looked pleased, and bent his head, closing his eyes as he let his nose trail along John’s neck as the Omega shivered and his eyes fluttered at the sensation and he heard Sherlock inhale deeply.
A loud rumbly noise came from the dragon’s stomach, and John chuckled softly. “Right, food. I’ll go get some,” John said with a smile, stroking the dragon once more before gently picking him up and placing him on the bed.
There was silence for a few moments, before Mrs Holmes appeared, and she smiled at John –who now looked like a 20 year old -, before she noticed Harry behind him. “Oh, dear,” she murmured, hardly audible.
John glanced away to hide his joy. Maybe there was even a chance that Sherlock still liked him? Still loved him maybe?
Sherlock glanced at him and straightened, stalking forward. John trembled slightly, but stayed perfectly still. “Tan-line, obviously,” he said, and then walked over to Mike, holding out a hand, “Can I borrow your phone?
After a lot of explaining and evading, John managed to convince Lestrade that they’d got the girl, and gotten them both back home. After stitching Sherlock up again, he tended to his own injuries and settled down on the couch.
John held down a grin. Sherlock recognised the phone! It was the phone Sherlock had given him years ago, with the inscription:
Sherlock pulled a face and made his way through, heading straight to John, looking determined. “Well?” Sherlock questioned, “What did you think?”
Sherlock hummed. “A day or two. I don’t want the police to come sniffing around and upset you,” Sherlock told him finally.
John, being young as he was, was curious as the other Angels despaired about the birth of another Holmes’, so, of course, he went to investigate. He pulled his brilliant white wings to his back and disguised himself as a human and went to go visit the Holmes’ mother in the human hospital. If his family knew what he was up to, he would be in big trouble. As a human, John looked around 10 years old (Angels bodies develop slowly – like human’s did - because they had the luxury too, while Devil bodies developed fast), and he faked a story that he was son of Mrs Holmes so that the nurses would let him in. When he slipped into the room, Mrs Holmes was lying in bed, her sleeping child in her arms as Mr Holmes and their other son – Mycroft, John recalled his name to be – were standing and watching from the other side of the bed. All of them looked up, and two pairs of sharp blue eyes flashed over to him, and one a warm brown colour.
Not so good. There was another set of wings suddenly, and John felt his heart sink further. Another one? He turned and immediately recognised Mycroft, except he looked older, and more professional.
Sherlock hummed in interest, bending down and running his nose along John’s neck, inhaling deeply. “You smell fantastic. I can smell everything in the room, the food, the water, myself. But mostly you. And your worry,” Sherlock murmured against John’s skin, his tone curious. “Oh, you smell delicious, John. Positively edible. It’s even better when it’s overlaid with my own scent like this.”
Hanging up, John got dressed – not in any of the clothes that Sherlock had bought for him – and quickly hurried out the door, taking the tube and then a cab to the prison where Sherlock was being held.
The media left them alone, and the story of Sherlock Holmes the criminal faded from the minds of Londoners.
John waved him over and waited until Sherlock joined him on the couch before speaking. “I saw a lot when I went on tour in Afghanistan,” he told Sherlock with a shrug. “Lots of violence and anger, more bodies than I can count, and supernatural beings. Freaked me out at first, but werewolves are quite frankly the most peaceful of the lot. Besides the whole marking thing, they’re easy enough to get along with.”
It had been a year since Sherlock had nearly died and been transformed into a werewolf. They’d been having lots and lots of sex. John enjoyed it, of course, he loved being so close to Sherlock and so thoroughly connected. Sherlock had been disgruntled with his knot appearing every time, until he’d realised that he could wring multiple orgasms out of John and reduce him to a begging mess.
Sherlock’s hands were rubbing his baby bump gently. “Sorry,” Sherlock’s deep voice rumbled apologetically in his ear, “I needed you and it was the quickest and easiest way.”
He’d been distracted, making sure he had everything as he walked out of the store, shopping bags in hand, as he was suddenly grabbed by the face and kissed by lips that were
“I will return,” Sherlock said, and John’s heart stopped in devastation, “On one condition. John must come with me.”
John whirled around, wings flaring, to face Sherlock, panic making him sound angry – and he should be angry, furious even! “It’s not that simple! You –
But, he knew that he needed to get rid of all the evidence that Sherlock had contact with him. Especially
Sherlock snarled again, and forced John’s head back onto the floor. “Sherlock,” John groaned in frustration, “Let me help, dammit!”
Sherlock glanced at him, and then back to his experiment. The dismissal hurt, and John averted his gaze for a moment before taking a deep breath and straightening his back.
John and Sherlock had decided to wait until they’d graduated before having sex for the first time. After all, they didn’t really want to have sex in either one of their parent’s houses, though that didn’t stop them from doing other stuff.
John was frozen with surprise and slight fear. Damn. He hadn’t been thinking and had forgotten to check if there was anyone here.
“Good boy,” the human murmured, his scent turning light and pleased, and long fingers sunk into John’s thick fur, caressing him tenderly.
John’s face flushed, wishing that Mike would shut up. He didn’t want Sherlock to know what he’d gone through in the four years since Sherlock had left him. “Mike!” John shouted over him, furious.
With a thud, silence echoed. Then, the clack of claws coming towards him. Breath on his face, then whiskers, and then he could see as he blindfold dropped away. Standing in front of him, was a magnificent wolf. Tall and lean, with dark black curly fur and vividly bright blue eyes with other colors swirling within. Sherlock’s eyes. John would recognize those anywhere.
Well, at least this explained his mood swings, cravings and increased appetite as well as tiredness. He had a pup. A small, tiny life form was growing inside of him. A being that was half himself, and half Sherlock. Perfect.
Tilting his head back, John captured Sherlock’s lips with his own and humming happily. The panties had gotten discarded at some point, and were quite possibly unable to be saved. John was so completely happy and content right now, and couldn’t bring it in him to care that he was going to need to do a whole heap of cleaning up today. For now, he just wanted to bathe in being wrapped in Sherlock’s arms and pressed against his Alpha’s body.
