Five minutes went by, and Dean still hadn’t said a word. Sam began to wonder if he might be getting the silent treatment before he noticed that Dean really didn’t look upset at all. In fact, he had the slightest smile on his face. And
He looked into those bright blue eyes, searching for Castiel’s thoughts. After a minute, he softened and nodded. Admittedly, he was curious to know the reason behind the unexpected invitation, but he wanted to make one point clear. “Are you sure? Because I won’t go if you don’t want me to. Just say the word.”
As soon as the door closed behind them, Dean crowded into Cas’s space. Their chests pressed together as they lingered close enough that Dean’s nose grazed along the side of Cas’s. He was close enough to feel the angel’s breath on his own lips, a magnetic aura, pulling them together. It was a pull that had always existed, but from this distance, was infinitely stronger. When they finally gave in to it, it was gentle and slow. Their lips just barely brushed together as their hands explored. Hips… sides… chest… neck.
Castiel clung to Dean’s neck, trying to make himself as light as possible as Dean approached the stairs. He wobbled just a bit on the first one but regained his balance quickly.
Dean was stunned silent. That wasn’t what he expected. He looked over to Cas whose head tilted slightly in confusion.
He hadn’t realized what he’d said until Sam wandered back through the kitchen doorway carrying a take-out menu. “Cas? As in Castiel? From the Roadhouse last night?”
“’Course,” Dean responded, “You said you’d have work for me in the kitchen, unless you wanna issue a reprieve.” He gave her a winning smile and she chuckled, swatting at him with a dish towel.
“Alright, alright, calm down,” Dean responded as he moved to pour a cup of coffee. Castiel laughed as he hid his pink face behind a hand.
Castiel shook his head, “Don’t you start that charming shit, Dean Winchester. I haven’t had enough coffee to fight it off yet and I have a whole day of work ahead of me.” Dean threw his head back with laughter. “Thank you for the ride. And for the coffee.”
He grabbed the man’s hands, pulling him down to the bed. Castiel crawled over him, straddling his hips, up on his hands and knees and only barely touching him. Dean ached for more contact. His hands found smooth skin under the back of Castiel’s shirt and he let out a hum when their lips finally found one another again.
“You should go ahead and hit the shower,” John said. “I’ll make you something to eat. Might save you a little time.”
Dean refused to let himself react, so he kept staring at the floor. He couldn’t look at his father’s face right now. He couldn’t speak to him. Not if he wanted to keep his resolve.
“Yeah,” Charlie agreed. “Emergency meeting. Tonight, Dean’s place. 6-ish. I’ll bring Jo, too. Can you make sure he’s there? And don’t let him cancel on Cas today, because if he starts to freak, he’s gonna try. Tell him it’s a game night.”
Castiel’s hand covered his mouth in surprise as he looked up to where John and Dean were standing side-by-side watching him.
“Yep, she’s mine.” Both men spun around to find Jody, a short-haired brunette wearing blinking reindeer antlers. “It’s good to see you,” she said as she greeted Dean with a hug and gave Castiel a kind smile. She slid into the booth beside Claire. Jody seemed friendly, though she carried the same air about her as Ellen did, giving Castiel the feeling that he wouldn’t want to end up on her bad side.
As they headed toward the Roadhouse now, Dean stopped to greet one of Ellen’s employees. The man that Dean introduced as Ash was sporting an elf-ear headband over a spectacular blonde mullet. The ears were only the tip of the iceberg as he opened his coat to show off a green tunic and candy cane striped tights.
“They don’t deserve to be so miserable all the time,” she said. Castiel hummed in agreement. “It never ends. There’s always
It fell quiet again as they simply smiled at one another until a slight cough from behind them finally broke the silence.
“I dunno. I like it,” Dean challenged with a glare, his tolerance for Ruby already dipping dangerously low, “It’s better than some douchebag name like Brady.”
“I know,” Dean cut him off. “And I get it.” Castiel could see that there was more that he wanted to say, but he didn’t seem able to get the words out yet. “I, uh—I’m gonna tell Charlie tomorrow.”
“Oh, I’m so happy to finally meet you!” She beamed, reaching for his hand. “Claire and Jack have told me all about you!”
As they stepped out of the elevator and into the lobby, sandy hair and flannel caught Castiel’s eye. Dean grinned as he approached, holding a paper bag. “Hey, Cas.”
When Cas woke up back on Earth, he had found himself in the middle of nowhere. He wasn’t sure how long it took, but he eventually found a road and managed to find a phone. Now he sat on a bench outside of a diner, waiting. When the Impala skidded to a stop in front of him and there was a fresh wave of emotion.
“Aww,” Charlie cooed from somewhere nearby, drawing the attention of the rest of the room toward the gift.
home. He didn’t date, he didn’t hang out anymore… and then… he met you. And it’s like…” She sighed and eyed Castiel as though she were studying him. “It’s like you reminded him how to live. It’s only been, what, two weeks? Cas, he’s a new man. He’s out of the closet. He stood up to his dad. He’s talking to his friends again. He’s
Castiel didn’t need to be told twice. He shifted his position, sliding his hands over the perfect curve of Dean’s ass, up to the waistband of his boxers before sliding them downward. Dean kicked them away as he worked Castiel’s boxers off as well.
The man had Gabriel’s boyish looks but Castiel’s disheveled hair and blue eyes. Combined with his scruffy graying beard, he had all the intimidation of an old cocker spaniel. Dean felt like an idiot for being so nervous to meet this man, but then again, he hadn’t exactly had the best relationship with his own father and hadn’t really bothered to meet the families of most of the women he’d dated. None of those relationships had ever been serious enough for that—even with Lisa. But with Cas, it was different.
In response, Dean surged forward, crashing his lips against Castiel’s, his fingers finding their way into the hair at the back of his neck. They pulled apart just enough for Dean to look earnestly at him.
Castiel allowed himself a quick laugh. “I’m proud of them too. And I’m glad they’ve got you and everyone else here to call family.”
Cas had decided he should start behaving more like a human after a case went awry when a wraith caught on to his lack of human habits, and ever since then, he’d become very interested in food. He’d apparently come to realize that not all molecules tasted the same, and he was always eager to test out new foods whenever he got the chance.
“Hey, the shape of the equipment doesn’t matter as long as you know how to operate it. Why have limits?” Gabriel grinned and Meg narrowed her eyes at the man. Castiel leaned on his elbow, hiding his face in his hand, just waiting for the conversation to be over.
When Dean pulled into the driveway of his childhood home, he found Sam under the hood of his pick-up with a smear of grease across his forehead. The sight pained him, just as it always did. Sam shouldn’t even be here. He should be sitting in some lecture hall or having dinner with Jess in a shared apartment, not covered in dirt and oil, miserable.
He stepped forward toward the nest—because it was clearly a nest, Dean realized. Castiel’s head was ducked in shame near the door as Dean leaned down and picked up a small, faded stuffed giraffe. He didn’t touch anything else, just tucked the toy to his chest.
His eyes tore away from Dean to follow the sound of the soft, familiar voice and landed on a prim red-haired woman.
Sam circled the block, heading back toward their childhood home. “It’s a meeting,” he said tentatively, glancing over in an attempt to read Dean’s face. “He’s sober.”
Charlie had apparently been holding back some excitement for a few minutes now, because she pounced from her chair as though it were spring-loaded and hugged Castiel.
“No, I should really get my bike back home. I’ll need it in the morning to go to work,” he said as they finally stepped apart. Castiel retrieved his helmet from the coffee table.
Dean was talking animatedly, leaning forward laughing at something he’d said. Cas leaned forward as well, smiling fondly at Dean’s amusement. Their feet were just barely touching beneath the table and neither did more than glance upward for a moment when the waitress delivered their drinks.
Dean leaned back onto the leather cushions, fixing his eyes on the ceiling. “Maybe I should just cancel…”
, that’s enough time with the in-laws for me today.” Dean had just slung his bag over his shoulder when a voice came from behind him.
That earned him a laugh and Dean pressed himself more fully against his boyfriend’s body. “Yeah, you heard me.”
“So, my fridge really is empty right now,” he said before asking in exaggerated seriousness, “How do you feel about grocery stores?”
A light rain had begun to fall when Jo pulled her silver Honda into the gravel driveway. Charlie was initially surprised to find that there were no other vehicles around, but then, it was quite possible that Dean had parked Baby inside and out of the rain.
come. He blushed as he thought about how he’d allowed himself to gush a little during Jack’s appointment this week, a reward for the progress that Jack had made with Claire’s persistent help. He hadn’t told them who he was dating and had figured that there would be no harm in it. Though, he hadn’t planned on standing face-to-face with them either.
stuck in his throat, but he wasn’t quite willing to force them out, so instead he let the silence return between them.
“I should finish packing up these books,” Castiel said, sitting himself on the edge of the bed before Dean had to ask him to stay behind. “I’ll be right here,” he said reassuringly. He gave Dean a meaningful look and a slight nod, trying to wordlessly tell him that he should at least hear John out.
Dean turned to face Castiel once more. “Would you say no to going on a date—a real one, this time—with me this Friday?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, but Charlie saw a shy smile. She carried one of her bags over to the tv and began unpacking a tangle of wires. “So, how’s he doing with John being back?” she asked. “I heard they hadn’t talked much yet.”
He left before the boys could respond, because he didn’t think he could handle hearing their voices telling him the truths that he already knew, and he hightailed it to the bar. When the bartender, Rufus, saw him walk through the door, he automatically poured a double, leaving the whiskey bottle on the counter in front of him. John sat and glared at the glass before eventually leaving it behind, untouched.
“How come I’ve never seen you here before?” Dean asked Castiel as Donna delivered his coffee and pastries.
“Y’know, just because I sleep with them… that doesn’t mean they’re what I’d call ‘my type,’” Dean rattled on, determined to set Castiel straight. “I mean, I have standards. Besides, they don’t even really know me. They just see me as this mysterious stranger that they’ll never see again and I—”
“You know, at this rate I’m never going to be able to eat good food again without thinking of you,” he said as they finished off their dessert.
“Where is it?” Dean questioned, leaning all his weight against the angel. “You know exactly what I’m talking about, Cas.”
They stood together and walked hand-in-hand back into the Roadhouse, maneuvering their way through the crowd to find their brothers at the bar. Dean raised his brows as they found Gabriel relentlessly flirting with Sam, much to Meg and Jess’s amusement.
He was pleasantly surprised to see Dean’s cheeks turn pink and he was swept with a wave of fondness and affection—
At this, Sam smiled. “You’ll see.” He exited his side of the car and walked toward the garage, Dean a few steps behind him. He opened the door and waited until they were both inside before he hit the light switch.
“I think so,” she answered, as she looked between the two worried men. “Just gotta wait for him to wake up now to know for sure.”
Castiel was oblivious to the fact that all eyes were on him, because now he was stepping closer to the center of the room, studying the way the cloth draped over the shape beneath it. Finally, he looked around the room, only just remembering that the others were even there. His eyes darted to Dean, smiling near the door and watching him fondly, before they stopped on John.
Sam shook his head. This wasn’t about the truck. “No,” he said, maybe a bit more aggressively than he intended. “I—I want to get my own car. I just—I want something that’s
He’d barely gotten the words out before Dean had hurried off, dragging Castiel behind him by the hand. Sam rolled his eyes in amusement as they disappeared into the house. He made quick work of stacking the boxes and followed behind a few minutes later.
Dean held the door for Castiel as he wheeled his chair into Holy Cannoli on the morning of New Year’s Eve. He’d had an annoyingly early appointment in his own department of the hospital, the first of many physical therapy sessions to come, though he had, at least, been given the clearance to use his crutches for short outings. Castiel thought heading into the bakery would be a good chance to try them out, but Dean objected. Ultimately, it was Dean’s fear that the crutches would slip on an icy patch that lost Castiel the battle.
Dean wiped his face with his hand, shaking off some of the sleep before making a second attempt to look at the paper in his hand. It was a black and white photocopy with large letters across the top.
“Indeed, we have,” Gabriel said, winking flirtatiously at Sam. “Cassie, can I have this one? He’s a whole lotta… mmph.” That statement was rewarded with a smack to the back of the head from Meg, a deep blush from Sam, and uncontrollable giggles from Jess.
Dean laughed. “That’s it, huh? You just want me for my memory foam.” Castiel made a face as though he were deep in thought. “Shut up, you like me,” Dean said with the most adorable crinkled eyes.
“Castiel.” John nodded. “Well, you’re right, Castiel. Right about everything.” Without another word, John clapped a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, then stood to leave. He shoved his hands in his jacket pockets and walked to his pickup without turning back. Castiel stayed seated on the bench and watched the truck pull out of the parking lot and down the road.
“Boy, you don’t worry about your dad’s problems. If he wants to keep running off to God knows where and drive himself to an early grave, then that’s on him. Don’t let him hold you down. You’re better than that life. Both of you boys are. You don’t deserve the shit lifestyle he’s tried to shove on you for years now.
“I don’t know where his head’s at,” Bobby admitted, his voice revealing the disbelief behind his words. “I don’t know what he’s tryin’ to accomplish. I just… don’t know. Now, I’m not excusin’ what he’s done. He’s wronged you boys and he’s wronged me, too. And I’ve tried, damn it, I’ve tried gettin’ through to him. I’ve given him every chance, I’ve—” He rubbed his eyes tiredly, giving up on his thought.
The road was smooth and empty, the sun was out, and the asphalt was dry. He’d been right when he’d thought that it would be a good day for a ride. As they cruised on, he felt Dean sitting closer, shifting from a nervous grip to a warm embrace. The cold bite of the air countered by the warm rush of adrenaline and the feeling of strong arms wrapped around him made Castiel wonder if this was what flying would feel like.
“Beer run,” he answered simply. “He moved my bike inside when it started raining, and I stayed here to accept the pizza and to let you guys in. He should be back soon.”
what he wanted right now. He tried to ignore the little bites currently being left along his neck and shoulder, and instead reminded himself of the weight in this moment for the man in his arms. The idea of becoming a heat-of-the-moment regret for Dean was enough for Castiel to reign it in.
deserved it.” Castiel had never seen Charlie angry, but he could see her hatred for John Winchester written all over her face. He could hear it in her tone. “He made Dean promise to look after Sam before he left them the first time—told him that Sam’s life depended on him. He was just a confused kid that had just lost his mom. And Dean being Dean, he managed for almost a year with John being mostly gone, but when he was about 15, he got caught stealing food. That’s when Bobby realized that John was M.I.A. so he started keeping an eye on them. Eventually he took them in. Even now, though, their dad—he’s got this way of getting in their heads! He had Sam convinced that he had to stay here for him, had to be the one to hold the family together, and that keeping the ‘Winchester tradition’ alive was the responsible thing for him to do.” She shook her head in anger. “Such
“Let’s go,” John said, doing his best to keep his voice level. Seeing his son panic had set him into action. “We’ll figure the rest out once you’re there. C’mon.”
“Okay, Cas. I trust you. Just… please don’t kill us,” he said apprehensively before climbing on to the black leather seat and sliding the helmet on over his head.
But it didn’t come. Sam turned his attention back to whatever website he was browsing, commenting vaguely on possible cases they could take on this week. Dean looked over to Cas who only looked back with a little twitch at the corner of his mouth.
By the time the Impala pulled into the parking lot of the Roadhouse, the building was bustling with activity. Partygoers were spilling outside, gathered in huddled groups as they smoked cigarettes and chatted. With each swing of the door, the sound of laughter and music reached the parking lot.
“The truck’s fine, Dad. It’s just a bad alternator,” Sam answered stiffly. “Gonna replace it and give the truck back to Bobby for the garage, so he can send some of the other guys out on parts runs since I’ve decided to take on a few extra classes.” Dean had ducked his head into the engine bay, keeping himself out of the conversation, but Sam could see the tension in his movements.
After a few quiet minutes, Charlie slipped in and waved Castiel toward the dining room. Once they were out of earshot, she asked, “Is he okay?”
“Thought you could convince me to tell you about my thing by calling, huh? I’m still not telling you how it went,” Dean said teasingly as he continued putting on his socks.
“Apparently outsiders aren’t welcome in friggin’ Mayberry,” Dean grumbled as they turned onto another tree lined street.
“And you thought my necklace was too much,” Castiel whispered to Dean as they managed to find their way inside.
By the time Cas had translated the remainder of the episode, the two were sitting shoulder to shoulder on the bed. Cas hugged a frilly pillow to his chest while Dean had tucked his feet beneath the floral comforter. Their laughter at Dr. White walking in on Dr. Sexy and Dr. Piccolo in the on-call room (again) died down, leaving them in an awkward silence when the credits finished rolling and the screen switched to an infomercial for some miracle fix-it product. Neither had moved and it felt like tension was radiating from the spot where their arms were pressed together.
Meg craned her neck to whisper into Castiel’s ear. “We’ll be getting somewhere ourselves as soon as we ditch this dump,” she hissed, pecking a kiss on his neck and squeezing his thigh once again. He straightened up quickly, pushing her hand away. He had to put a stop to this now.
Dean wriggled around to face the man, touching forehead to forehead. “I gotta get up, babe. Pretty sure Sam’s in my kitchen doing who knows what.”
Castiel averted his eyes as Meg walked into the cafeteria and past their table. Gabriel, of course, pointed this out, much to Castiel’s annoyance. “What’s that about, ladykiller?”
“Mornin’, sunshine. You’re looking downright chipper this morning,” Dean teased as he unloaded the coffee and breakfast in the kitchen.
When they pulled into the parking lot of the Emergency Room, Dean jumped out of the truck before John could park it. He made a beeline to the registration desk. The nurse, a woman whose name badge said Missouri, looked up calmly.
They held one another as though the world would tear them apart if they loosened their grip. It wasn’t until Dean felt Cas shivering that he finally released their hold to pull him back toward the open garage. They were both still reeling from the shock of it all when they sat against the hood of the Impala in the open doorway, huddled close. They didn’t speak, but there would be time for that later.
“So, who’re we telling we’re gay?” she asked, having overheard the boys talking while she walked up. She thought Dean would have seen her approach, but he’d seemed oddly lost in his own head.
With some hesitation, John nodded gratefully and left without another word. He’d managed to keep himself in control since then, even visiting Ellen and Bobby and telling them about the meetings. He owed them more than he could ever repay for helping Sam and Dean become the men that they were today, and if he were going to do it right this time, they needed to know.
When they finally broke apart, they took a moment to just be in the moment, Dean’s fingers still cupping Cas’s jaw as they stared breathlessly at one another.
He dared a glance at Sam whose attention was apparently on assembling his salad. Jo sat opposite Sam with a large knowing smile, and Charlie beamed.
They lay panting for a few moments before Castiel rolled off of him, leaving them both sticky and exposed. Dean eventually stood, pulling Castiel up by his hands. “C’mon. Shower.”
Dean straightened, licking his lips as he watched Castiel’s nimble fingers work the buttons through the holes of his own shirt. Once it was pushed off his shoulders, they connected once again, flesh against flesh as Castiel’s fingers traced the shape of Dean’s collarbone.
He shoved his phone back into his pocket with a little smile and a shake of the head. “If you think she’s excited now, just imagine
Being awake was difficult, and Castiel felt like he’d run a marathon already, so he once again allowed himself to be swallowed up by the fog. He didn’t know how long he’d been out of it, but later, when his body still ached but had stopped screaming in pain, a pair of voices drifted in through the mist that made him reach for consciousness once more.
“Oh. Uh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that sounds good. I, uh—I’m gonna go jump in the shower, so I’ll leave the door open for you.”
Sam took a deep contemplative breath. “I don’t think I am. I went through all this crap tonight because I want to live my life my way… so I should do that.” Jess hummed in understanding.
Castiel pecked a sweet kiss on Dean’s forehead. “Yeah, you really are. Now go call your brother.” Dean managed a chuckle and lightly shoved Castiel as he got to his feet and dialed Sam’s number. The phone had barely begun to ring before Sam picked up.
Sam caught his eye in the rearview mirror. “I, uh—I don’t know. Do—do you think he’ll come back home?”
“Oh, come on, you’re traumatizing him,” Anna scolded her father and brother before turning fully to Dean. “The doctor came in. They’re planning to move him into a room soon. He asked us to send you in.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, wrapping his arms lightly around Dean’s waist. And damn it, Dean loved the way that voice resonated through his entire body.
He paused, trying to think of the right words. How did he tell Castiel that he had become such a huge piece of Dean’s life? That he’d filled in an empty space that Dean didn’t even know was there? That it didn't bother Dean to share things that he didn't share with anyone else, because it only made sense that what was Dean's was also Castiel's? He was essential. He was everything...
Donna took a deep breath and straightened herself, “Well, anyway, I’m just glad to see my two favorite customers back again.” She gave them a kind smile and moved back behind the register.
brave.” Castiel could feel the anger bubbling in him, and he knew that he should stop, but he couldn’t stop himself.
“Are we really your favorite customers though?” Dean questioned playfully as they stepped up to the counter.
Gabriel disappeared back inside with a smirk as Dean caught up to Meg. Neither acknowledged the other, but they walked silently down the stairs together. They continued through the lobby and out the front door side-by-side before Dean finally broke the silence.
Sam didn’t answer immediately, but his face split into a wide, kind smile. His voice softened when he finally said, “I know, Dean.”
Castiel nodded to Sam. “She seems like a good person, Sam. Have a good time. We’ll see you tomorrow.”
Anna stood just enough to place a kiss on her younger brother’s forehead. “If he’s everything you’ve told me he is, then I’m happy for you.”
“Kids these days, right?” Dean commented with an amused smile, resulting in a laugh from Castiel. Dean held up one of the full beers and sat it down on his side of the table, inviting the man to sit.
When his eyes landed on his brother, holding onto Jess the same way that he held onto Castiel, he had a sudden realization.
“Yeah. Yeah, everything’s good,” Dean said, though he definitely seemed anxious. “He’s finished the project.”
Dean groaned. “Ugh, I forgot about game night.” He could hear Sam laughing on the other end of the line. “What time is Charlie gonna be invading my place?”
“No respect for a classic!” Dean called over to the man as he closed his own door and headed toward the entrance.
“He met somebody,” accused a young woman with wavy blonde hair leaning back in a nearby chair with her arms crossed over her chest. Jack’s girlfriend Claire, though tough and edgy on the outside, had never missed one of his appointments.
“Brought us some leftover lasagna, courtesy of Ellen,” Dean said, holding the bag up. “Figured it beats cafeteria food.”
“You and Sam talk?” She followed him through the front door and the pair stopped in the entrance while Jo and Sam proceeded into the kitchen.
“You were such a cute baby,” Castiel deadpanned, leaning backward to press against Dean’s chest, laying his own hands over the ones wrapped around him.
“See you soon,” Dean said, planting a quick kiss on Castiel’s lips before he pulled his helmet on and waved, leaving his boyfriend smiling in the garage doorway as he pulled off.
Having postponed the inevitable long enough, Dean made his way back to the waiting area, holding his breath as he pushed through the door. He was hit with a small wave of relief when he found only Gabriel and Meg in one corner of the room, waving him over.
Dean covered his face in laughter then shook his head. “I think my empty fridge had something to do with it, too.”
He remembered the sudden explosion of pain and the sound of his helmet hitting the asphalt, and then there was nothing. His mind was filled with a swirling fog, thick enough to block his view of reality. Peppered into the silence, he could still hear scraps of the world around him, and that was good. That meant he was alive. There were echoes of sirens. Somewhere nearby was a woman in hysterics. He heard the crackling static of radios—the kind used by the police and paramedics. And then he heard a voice, calling his name.
Bobby looked up from his plate, his face difficult to read as always. He took a long swig of his beer and heaved a breath. “Son, I’m gonna tell you, just like I told her,” he said, tipping his beer bottle neck to indicate Jo, “as long as you’re happy, I’m happy for you. But I’ll be expecting to meet this… Cas, is it?”
“Dean,” Sam called, pointing a thumb toward the dealership office, “we’re gonna go do the paperwork.” Dean nodded in response before Sam and the salesman disappeared between the rows of cars.
“Sometimes you just know.” Jess crossed her arms and tilted her head. “Look at them, Sam. Have you ever seen him so happy with anyone else?”
Dean moved to wrap Castiel up in a tight hug as the others took their turn to survey the completed project. Bobby had moved to John’s side as they discussed the build while Sam and Gabriel took turns pointing out details that they’d not been privy to until now.
Jo shrugged and killed the engine. They gathered their bags and headed up the stairs to the dry alcove and knocked on the door. To their surprise, it was Castiel that opened the door.
“Hey, Jess. Yeah, I’m okay. Just had a rough night.” He tossed clothes into the bag as he spoke, not really bothering to pay attention to what he was grabbing.
“You know what, Cas? I like the way you think,” he grinned, placing two pies on top of the beer. “Let’s get out of here.”
There were so many parts of human existence that he’d never experienced before, feelings that he didn’t understand. In the past, when his grace had been drained, he’d still ultimately been an angel at the end of the day, but this time…? No, this time he was human, through and through. His body felt heavy and ached all over. He could feel the chill of the air and the dampness of the early morning dew. But the part that dazed him was the sudden flood of emotions belatedly attaching themselves to his memories. There were so many, so different, he couldn’t pin them down. They flashed through his mind in bright, blinding colors.
“Mm. Well, someone that looks like you, laughs like you, and cooks like you is definitely some kind of heavenly creature.”
They chatted for a while, catching up after years apart. Jess and Cas got along famously, sharing a similar sense of humor. After they placed their order, Jess gave Sam a nudge with her elbow and a look that was clearly encouraging his to say something.
Sam gave him an amused look but turned on the movie. They spent the next couple hours debating lore and strategies to defeat the monsters that plagued poor Sandra and the kids. When the credits began to roll, Sam stood, tossing the remote into Castiel’s lap.
Meg’s marshmallow had caught fire and she hadn’t bothered to put the flames out. Instead, she swung the burning treat out of the fire, and Gabriel had to quickly duck out of the way before he carefully blew out the flame and slid the charred remains of the marshmallow off the stick. It made a sticky mess on his fingers, but he pulled the marshmallow in half, popping one half in his own mouth before feeding Meg the other.
Indeed, he’d been given a soul in exchange for the sacrifices he’d made to save Heaven—a thank you from Chuck, no doubt. It wasn’t that he hadn’t felt things before, but human feelings were just…
He jumped when he heard a knock at the door and hurried to answer with bare feet and untamed hair. He knew it would be Dean on the other side, but his heart still skipped a beat when he swung the door open and laid eyes on him. It was amazing how Dean could make a simple black shirt over a heather grey tee and jeans look so good, he thought. Shaking himself out of his reverie, he leaned forward to greet the man with a quick kiss and stepped aside to let him in.
“Hey,” Sam greeted. “Wasn’t sure if you were gonna make it today or not,” he teased, “you know, since you didn’t go home last night and everything.”
“Bastard!” Sam yelled, tackling his father and delivering punch after punch. Castiel had momentarily stepped back to tend to Dean but now he pulled at Sam, dragging him backward as he gasped for breath through tears.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel’s dark hair was an artful mess and his usual scruff was shaved smooth. He was pulling that slim fitting leather jacket that Dean liked over a sleek subtly-patterned black button-down with the most perfectly-fitting pair of jeans Dean had ever seen. He couldn’t help the way his eyes scanned his date from head to toe.
“Okay, what about her?” He pointed the neck of his bottle toward a curly-haired woman nursing a cocktail as she sat alone at a table.
“Heya, Cas,” he answered, moving closer, pressing himself against Castiel’s firm body. His eyes roamed his face, from bright blue eyes to soft pink lips. He closed his eyes for a moment to steady himself, still feeling a bit of a buzz. Before he opened his eyes, soft lips met his own. The kiss was sobering, and his body, numb for most of the last few hours, indulged in the sensations that traveled through him.
Sam hesitated. “I don’t know. I mean, he’s a shitty dad, but he’s not a monster. At least not when he’s sober.” He closed his eyes, allowing himself to let his own feelings settle. “But, I mean, we’re all supposed to go to Bobby’s tomorrow night. Including Cas. I think he’s gonna need us.”
Sam smiled, rolled his eyes, and lifted his newspaper to continue reading, not wanting to watch his brother make out with an angel at the breakfast table…
As they pulled out of the parking lot, Sam braced himself for Dean's I-told-you-so lecture about Ruby.
Charlie shook her head. “They’ve had to put up with a lot of crap in the past. He made them believe he was the center of their whole damn universe, then he abandoned them… and he did it over and over again. Man, they were
Gabriel chuckled and clapped both Dean and Cas on the shoulders. “I’ll let you boys have your alone time. I’ve got a nurse to ask out anyway.” And with that, he wandered off into the hospital.
It felt like hours before he finally turned onto the street where Dean lived, but just ahead of him was a pair of familiar taillights. He skidded into the driveway behind the Impala, quickly following his son toward the steel staircase.
Dean smirked at the screen as he awaited a response. He laughed out loud when he received a selfie of Castiel in black scrubs with a honeybee embroidered on the breast pocket. He was pouting at a forkful of pinkish-grey something.
Using one hand while the other continued its trek up and down Castiel’s clothed shaft, Dean tugged at the button of his own jeans. Taking the hint, Castiel hastily unfastened them, sliding them down until Dean was able to kick them off. Castiel slipped his fingers under the waistband of Dean’s boxers, hesitating before pulling back from the freckled shoulder he was kissing to look for Dean’s reaction.
“Uh, yeah. We ran into each other this morning at Holy Cannoli, and we had breakfast together,” he said casually.
He pulled himself back to his feet. After grabbing an army green bag from his closet, he began rummaging through his bedroom and bathroom, stuffing things into it. When he was satisfied that he’d collected all the necessities, he jumped into a not-quite-warm-enough shower. He was still rubbing a towel over his damp hair when he emerged back into the kitchen.
Nesting was supposed to be a pleasant phase for an angel, making a home for oneself with their mate. Castiel, however, had missed out on a few steps, having never found a mate himself. But if it meant leaving Earth—leaving the Winchesters,
echoed through Dean’s nightmares and he’d been doing his best to fill the growing hole in his chest with booze over the last few weeks.
, Castiel thought. But as the evening progressed he felt Dean relax and though he wasn’t sure if he’d just imagined it,
“I’m Dr. Hendricks. So, Castiel… he’s suffered a concussion, a pretty bad one. He did regain consciousness for a bit, which is a good thing. But he’s also got three broken ribs, a broken ankle, and some pretty gnarly road rash that’s going to need to be watched for infection, so the meds may have him out of it for a while. I know it doesn’t look like it, but he’s very lucky. His helmet definitely saved his life today. We’ll still have to monitor him for while for any internal injuries, but so far from the looks of the scans, he’s gonna be okay.”
He dropped his bag on the end of the bed, fished out some sweats and hurried into the bathroom to shower. Once behind the closed door, he leaned forward on the sink and stared at himself in the mirror.
Castiel was still in shock as he watched Dean’s contribution to the nest. “Dean—you don’t have to—I didn’t think—”
When Castiel’s brother Gabriel arrived, Sam stood and greeted him warmly before relaying the series of events that had brought them all here. He was caught off-guard when Gabriel approached to shake his hand.
“Good luck, Sam. And if you’re really sure you don’t mind picking me up from the airport, I’ll see you on Tuesday, right?”
. She’d been put back together piece by piece, each handled with care, restored and revived as old parts and new came together to become what Dean and John both had dubbed
Once convinced that John would make Dean follow through on his promise to eat and shower before returning to the hospital, Gabriel and Meg bade the rest of the group goodbye. Sam and Jess were the next to leave, promising they’d return once Castiel was settled tomorrow. When Dean climbed into the passenger seat of John’s pickup, a heavy tension settled over him.
Goosebumps spread over Castiel’s body with the praise and he turned to catch Dean’s lips with his own again. Dean had started slowly unbuttoning Castiel’s shirt with a touch so delicate that he hadn’t even realized it was there until he felt cool air on his bare chest. Letting the shirt fall to the floor, Dean laid a line of nips and kisses trailing from the curve of his neck across the top of his shoulder. The growing heat between them was only intensified by the achingly slow pace.
The possibilities, some realistic, most insane, flew through his mind dizzyingly fast. Dean was pulled from his momentary internal panic by the sound of a familiar voice.
“I’m okay, Cas,” Dean said calmly, turning those thoughtful green eyes to look at the man beside him. “This—I mean, this sucks. He’s my dad, but—”
When Dean finally turned around, he found Castiel standing near the door in a pair of blue sweatpants and a t-shirt. His hair was a wild mess. Dean was still adjusting to seeing Cas out of the trench coat, but he definitely was not complaining about it. Castiel’s eyes were wide and questioning, looking between Dean and the t-shirt that had apparently landed right in his hands.
Now that the crowd had thinned, she excused herself from the table, and perched on a stool near the center of the bar. Jo smiled as she made her way over.
Castiel wasn’t sure how it happened, but in the next moment, Dean’s hands were cradling his face and his lips were pressed firmly on Castiel’s own. Once he recognized that this bliss was Dean kissing him, he relaxed into it, wrapping his arms around the man, effectively slowing the pace. He parted his lips, welcoming his tongue, relishing the feeling of his fingers stroking the sides of his face. When Dean pulled away, both their faces flushed, Castiel wished that he could kiss this man forever.
Okay, guys, this is it! The last official chapter! I hope this wraps everything up for you all, and you can expect the Epilogue to follow soon.
“Welcome to the Rosemont Motel, gentlemen. My name is Marla. How can I help you? Are you here for the festival?”
. Over the last few days the word felt like it had a new meaning. In the past, going home meant an empty apartment and sub-par take-out with Gabriel, reading the same books he’d already read over again before climbing into a cold bed. But now, home was something to look forward to. It was kisses and home-cooked meals, laughter and shared pillows. It didn’t matter that he and Dean split their time between their separate homes—it didn’t matter where they were at all. Home was anywhere. Home was everywhere. Home was wherever they were, as long as they were together. And Castiel couldn’t wait to get home.
He chuckled as he leaned back into his seat. “Dean’s finally back. Only took him three hours to drop Cas off at his apartment that’s about 10 minutes away.”
Castiel had evidently felt the mounting pressure as well, stepping back and leaving Dean breathless as he stared with lust-blown pupils. “—Or we could just stay here.”
Every morning he went to Castiel’s apartment and every morning Castiel fought for a few extra minutes of sleep. Dean found it endearing, and didn’t mind when Castiel would get grumpy, moping around wrapped up in his blankets.
Charlie lingered for a moment. She’d met Ellen many times over the years, of course, but she hadn’t been dating her daughter then. In fact, she felt as though maybe Ellen knew a little too much about her already. Charlie wasn’t exactly shy about parading her dates through the Roadhouse, and not many of them ever made it farther than one or two dates. But this thing with Jo was different—a slow burn, friends to lovers story that had finally peaked.
He stopped at a table in the dining room to carefully arrange the food containers in his bag when he noticed Meg and Gabriel. There was another man at the table with them, and Dean’s stomach dropped into his feet. He’d never seen the man before, but there was no doubt in his mind about who it was. In fact, the first thought he’d had since Anna had arrived was that it was only a matter of time now until he’d cross paths with Castiel’s dad.
“I brought pie,” Dean said, holding up the bag in a lame attempt at a distraction, before making a split-second decision to just dive in head first. “Also, I, uh—I think I might like dudes. I mean, I do. Um. One dude… specifically.”
“For giving me a reason to finally face the truth,” he said, cutting Castiel off. “I know it’s not really what you signed up for, but I just—I just needed to say it. So… thanks, Cas.”
“C’mon.” Dean stood, patting Castiel’s knee as he did so. “I’ll take you home. I’m gonna go see Sam.”
Sam nodded glumly, running scenarios through his head and trying to prepare himself for whatever may come. In the front seat, Castiel lightly touched Dean’s arm with his fingertips to get his attention. When Dean glanced his way, Castiel tilted his head toward the backseat.
“So how did lunch with Dean go? Confirm any theories?” Jo nudged Charlie with her shoulder as they sat together on the tailgate of Bobby’s pickup.
Everyone nodded. Sam grabbed a bottled water from the refrigerator and joined them at the table, chuckling as he watched Castiel move a few pancakes from his own plate onto Dean’s.
Castiel turned to look at the man, but quickly rolled his eyes and looked back at Dean. “I believe he’s more your type than mine.”
In the kitchen, Jess and Castiel were at the table sipping coffee and chatting quietly while Dean piled two plates high with pancakes. Sam leaned against the counter while Dean folded a pancake in half and took a big bite out of it before turning his attention to his brother.
He felt red, anger and betrayal when he thought of Naomi and the way she had used him. He felt blue sadness when he recalled the unnecessary deaths of Kevin and Charlie and so, so many others. But when he thought of returning to the bunker with Sam and Dean, he felt yellow and orange and a bright flash of green. There were colors in between that didn’t have names, but each evoked a different feeling that spread through his soul.
Jess, followed closely by Castiel, descended the staircase leading into the living room, probably having heard the sound of the screen door slamming or the sound of John’s truck leaving. Jess moved in front of Sam who wrapped his arms around her without standing. He rested his head against her and closed his eyes while she gently ran her fingers through his hair.
The moments that followed were predictably comical: raised, incredulous eyebrows shifting with shocked slowness to unbridled maternal glee. Ellen let out a vaguely suggestive little “mmm” that set everyone to giggling, and then Mary was hugging both boys with a fierceness that indicated deep, deep emotion. She held them for a full minute before pulling back to simply stare back and forth between them. With a deep breath, she released them from her hold with a hurried, “Go on, then. We’ll see you at home.” Then, with a salacious grin, she added, “John and I won’t be back until at least five, by the way. The house is all yours.” Castiel was sure he had never seen Dean’s ears so red.
The smile that spread across Dean’s face then was utterly mesmerizing. He held Castiel close as he righted his world.
When this comment went unfinished, Cas prompted, “I’m guessing you’re not planning to return to Florida next week?”
“Nope,” Cas cut in. “I, too, have the power to use a cellular telephone, Mr. Winchester. I could have bombarded you with annoying texts day and night until you gave in and returned my calls, if I so chose.” He shot raised eyebrows at Dean until the man rolled his eyes in reluctant concession. “But instead I chose to be stubborn and silent and passive aggressive, so that's on me. Please allow me to insert my own apology here, and let's leave it at that. Deal?”
“Well,” he began, aiming for nonchalant. “Have you considered looking for work up north? Perhaps around Detroit? There is a reason we call it the Motor City, after all.”
That’s as far as the sentence went before it stopped. Because the speaker had made it in from the hall and was standing in the door way staring at Castiel, color draining from his face, holding what appeared to be a dice bag covered in tiny cartoon Spock faces slightly away from his body in Charlie’s direction. There was a frozen moment.
“You can’t go in the house?” And the bafflement is back, mostly because Cas has, yet again, been caught off guard.
Cas couldn’t help but grin. “I’ll let him know. But, spoiler: he’s going to be thrilled to host you.”
Through it all, every one of us listened as though it were gospel. We were all riveted, determined to soak in the tales, the tones of voice, the details remembered and the ones freshly unforgotten. We took notes, Archangel! Not of the specifics of our comrades’ experiences, but of the unique mundanities that popped out around the edges, things foreign to some while barely even thought of among others. Four H and Forensics. Farm work and Family Trips. Things taken for granted, but utterly new outside the bubble of one life. Archangel, we learned so much.
The silence persisting between them seemed to thicken as the song began to wind down. The tempo had picked up toward a rock beat, but Dean didn’t seem to register the change as he rocked them slowly. The world, to Cas, had narrowed down to fingers at his back and a pair of broad shoulders, and he could swear he felt a magnetic heat radiating into him, twin to the cascade he sent out himself. Even the thought of that was exhilarating. Terrifying. That Dean might be experiencing this same ignition of emotion? Could he afford to even imagine that possibility? Would he ever recover?
“Look. I can’t expect you to forgive me for the months of lies. You have every right to hate my fucking guts. I do too, most days. I was gonna tell you all of this tomorrow, ‘cause I couldn’t stand it anymore and Charlie read me the riot act about stringing you along now that the scholarship is over.”
In the wake of this exchange, Dean just stared at the manuscript cover, stroking it reverently. It was utterly heartwarming to see the care with which Dean regarded his work, and all at once Castiel realized that he was going to forgive this man. That he was going to look back on this entire situation with fondness someday, for the way they both lost their way with each other but still forged a bond through the tangle. And with thoughts of jonquils and jealousies firm in his mind, Castiel made a decision, and shifted from his chair over to the couch.
“Really,” Castiel assured him. “Especially if a secret was kept out of goodness.” Predictably, Dean looks poised to argue, but Castiel persists. “And then? Once I’ve told him everything? Then what? Do you really think he wants to date me?”
It’s very embarrassing. But Castiel posits that it would be more embarrassing if he were to be spotted.
It’s incongruous and strange, but somehow it isn’t ominous. Dean wonders if it is a message. Or perhaps he just hopes it is.
“I do, yeah. And I think if you really look at the facts honestly, he’s not out of your league like you seem to think.”
In the morning, Castiel returns from his walk to find several things on the front stoop: the slightly depleted container of sugar, a small plastic container full of chocolate chip cookies, and a scrap of paper with the words, “Thanks again! I owe you one – Dean” neatly printed in blue sharpie.
But last night, a door opened to that realm here in the student wing lounge of The Garden’s estate, and it felt, to me, like magic.
Dean popped his head down from the top of the stairs. “I’d quote that adage about ‘too many cooks’, but you two definitely do not qualify as ‘cooks’.”
After I had allocated the ghost hunting plot to my band of teens, I decided to give a stab at some of the other concepts my classmates inspired, as well. Why not, I decided. Some of them were so fresh and outlandish— perhaps I could find something really new and exciting in the attempt.
“Yeah, well, he’d love to make it a little more intense than that, trust me. He looks at you like tweens look at stray boy band members. And given how you wrote about him—” In a flash, Dean’s mouth snapped shut.
In any case, my meetings with Jody went quite well, and I cannot wait to see what she brings for me upon her return to The Garden at the end of May. And in the meantime, I’ll be interested to see how the personal revelations she inspired manifest in the work I undertake this winter. Self-reflection can be a useful tool, after all.
“Of course it is,” Mary argued. “Your dad has tenants in your old house, honey. Where exactly are you planning to sleep?”
For a split second, Dean looked baffled. “Cele— Oh, right… Uh. ‘Celeste Middleton’ is actually just a false identity Charlie uses online sometimes. It’s just— you sounded so sad when you wrote about how you were gonna be stuck alone in the house over Christmas. I
My Mom, back in the day, used to tell Sammy and me that angels were watching over us. It was a nice lie to play on repeat back when our lives were just painted white lines and nasty motel curtains, but I didn’t really believe in angels after the fire. Shame, too, ‘cause – celestial beings aside— Mom knew what she was talking about. Somehow, some way, she knew that after all the bullshit that came of my life after she left us, an angel would find me and pull me out. He might not like me calling him an angel…he was raised on the avenging kind who judge arbitrarily and blindly police the world. That’s not how I see it. My angel is just a man, fallible as the rest of us, but forged in lonely fire and soft to the core. He listens like every prayer is equal and worthy of care, and his pen is the blade that builds worlds and then comes back to save them. He is the guardian of my heart— he’s had it longer than he knows— and nothing could ever make me happier than that truth.
sorry for letting it go this far. I just—” He stopped himself, then, and changed tack. “That story? ‘The Society for Wayward Daughters’? I— I had been in a fog for ages, Cas. Probably since Sam left. But then Grandpa died, and Aaron and I broke up, and I was suddenly here in this huge house all on my own feeling completely lost. Reading your story was the first thing that brought me out of that at all. I was crying laughing at their antics, and little Hael reminded me of how Sam was when we finally got off the road to live with Bobby and I just… Nothing had, you know,
Meg and Bela assure me I’ll get the hang of it soon enough. But, then, Meg and Bela have already taken to texting me summons to their various rooms at all hours of the day and night rather than just walking ten steps down the hall to knock on my door. So, perhaps their level of comfort shouldn’t be my goal.
After about an hour out in the sunshine, he makes it back to the block where he now (again) lives. Having crossed the street to make space for a frazzled looking young woman walking a Golden Doodle puppy, he’s about to cross back into his own driveway when he hears a low voice calling out.
It’s not as though I expected these people to have forgotten me after a few months, but… well. I don’t have a lot of precedent with which to gauge how “memorable” I am, I suppose. Heavens, that sounds even worse when I spell it out on paper.
As I understand it, the Winchesters drifted around for the next few years. Grief did not manifest kindly in John Winchester, and he struggled to put down new roots for very long. He would do odd jobs, but after a time the combination of restlessness and alcohol-induced misbehavior would ultimately drive him on to a new town. At least, that’s how Bobby and Rufus tell it. It’s so hard to ever know the inside of another’s life, but it’s clear these two were John’s friends once, even if their concern for his sons eventually drove a wedge between them all.
I suppose what I’ve found most fascinating about all this is how tightly one’s emotional turmoil can tie in with one’s writing. Perhaps that seems obvious, and on some level, I’ve been aware of it for ages. If we write about what we know, then what we don’t know will also appear in the margins— our fears in the voids between words, our opinions in the arcs and turns that a story takes as it progresses. The choices a character makes must reflect something upon the heart of the author, even if there is no active correlation between them at all. Even if the something that is reflected is that the author abhors that character’s choices.
“You seriously think I’m going to just hand you my Baby’s keys after you dinged her door and tried to lie about it?”
With a shake of the head, Cas backed out to follow the Impala, turning his own stereo back on where the White Album had been paused, and setting off down the road toward Lawrence in a haze of soft joy.
Just as Dean’s dumping the second to last tarp-full of leaves into the street for tomorrow’s pickup, a little blue car pulls into the driveway. To no one’s surprise, out steps Lisa Braeden, still statuesque as ever, followed by the same small boy from the other night. Dean pauses with the tarp in one hand, and salutes the little boy. The boy salutes back as he and his mother head in the front door of the lovely little house. The whole scene is sickeningly adorable.
Cas himself dove into the crowd with great interest. Crowds weren’t always his favorite, but this one was wonderfully varied, an odd mix of old friends from Lawrence, new acquaintances from the weekend’s festivities, and fresh faces he had never met and might never again after today. He met a number of people about whom he had been hearing stories for years, including Pamela Barnes, Sam’s NA sponsor. She was a delight to speak with, and spent about a quarter of an hour talking to him about her work as a tattoo artist, overtly trying to convince Cas to finally take the plunge on that rib tattoo he had been considering. He re-introduced himself to Sam’s college friend Jake, who was now working in internet marketing and offered his services to Castiel’s business. He even reconnected with Jody Mills and Donna Hascum, Lawrence locals who had been good friends of his mother’s before her death. Sam had tutored their foster daughter, Claire, when he had taken his year off from college, and they were proud to share that his mentorship had helped steer Claire in a new direction. She had just finished her second year studying Psychology at Kansas State, and was apparently volunteering this summer at a women’s shelter, hoping to one day specialize in addiction recovery and domestic violence prevention.
“Me too, kiddo,” she confided, fighting back against the well of emotion behind her eyes. “Me too. What do you say we make sure she has the best damn wedding ever?”
There are some details of the evening that Castiel finds rather confusing, though. For one, the chairs in which they sit are all spaced six feet or so apart – all three of them, evenly spaced in a large triangle. He can’t figure out why Dean and Ben would need to be separated like that, given that they live together. Perhaps Dean wanted to make sure Cas didn’t feel left out, spatially? Or maybe there’s something else at play here and Castiel should stop assuming things. Probably the latter, honestly.
The door opened behind Cas, signaling the return of Charlie and Jo, who had been moving the last of the fruit back to the kitchen. Addy became rather abruptly shy around the ladies, practically burying her face in her mother’s neck as she watched them intently.
It started with some things I’ve enjoyed writing over the past year, namely the various ghost dragon iterations and their offshoots. I started toying with the idea of horror elements floating subtly over the top of a more ordinary world, where the more everyday terrors are only a small skip away from the supernatural, almost an inherent adjacency. More than that, though, I couldn’t stop thinking about the sort of lost, unseen people of the world who might devote themselves to holding such horrors at bay. It became clear to me, eventually, that such crusaders might be the children of an absent father with no home to speak of, rather like the Winchester boys once were. And, perhaps, such crusaders might be rather like my younger self, as well.
And in that moment, it didn’t occur to Dean to ask his son to bring the missing member of the family back. He was too stunned that Jack wasn’t coming home to contemplate who else wouldn’t be there.
Stopping in his walk to the door, Dean levelled Cas with a sarcastic look. “You really think I'd try to get you up without it?”
“Mom,” Dean continued, looking apologetic again, but firmly resolved. “He needed to be able to talk to his Best Man throughout this whole process. I couldn’t risk him being afraid to say the word ‘love’ in front of me.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean agreed, shaking himself a bit and moving toward the dresser. “I’ll continue with the Twenty Questions tomorrow.” But his smirk faded as he picked up his dopp kit and quietly added, “if that’s alright.”
This question made Dean wince. “That was Grandpa’s thing. He liked to correspond with the students each year. I wasn’t gonna, but – I just loved that story. I wanted to read more, but I’m shitty with words, as you know, so I… I had them change the rules to make it a one way thing. I’m sorry, Cas.”
It was a spectacular evening, clear sky and breeze whipping by to set the stage for the moonlight on the lake. Realizing with surprise that it was only 9:30, Cas opened the sliding window in their attic room and decided to sit on the balcony for a bit. He set his phone to play some soft music, and settled in to enjoy the distant water glinting in the starlight as the quiet descended.
It hit Cas, again, how significantly Dean’s life had changed in these last months, without any of the extended family knowing. He had left the last 6 or so years of his life utterly behind when he drove up here, and he had no intention of going back. It seemed unthinkable to simply pick up and go, like Dean had done, to start completely over from scratch. The mere idea of it terrified Cas on Dean’s behalf, whatever assurances the man had given. But, then, Cas had made his life in Michigan without a partner. It was entirely his own, chosen from his own heart with only logistics to consider. It had been different for Dean, and perhaps this difference was too substantial for Cas to grasp without his own form of experience.
They don’t discuss Castiel, though. Because that deal was permanent. And the hope is too addictive to ruin with talk of lost causes.
The Winchesters were his family by rights, if not by blood. Cas had grown up down the street from their house, had played at the park with the two younger boys on and off in his early youth. Then, when Mama had gotten sick, Mary had collected the Novaks. She was a notorious collector of people in their town- legend had it when Bobby Singer had lost his wife, she had given him exactly one month to wallow, then had marched down to his house with all of her boys and an enormous casserole, and thrown a makeshift dinner party in his house, whether he liked it or not. She had always been casually friendly with Ellen Harvelle, who ran the local bar, but when her husband passed, Mary simply adopted her along with her daughter Jo. It was just her way, and the Novaks were no exception.
But Cas couldn’t help watching Dean as they all parted ways for bed. Once the door to the attic room was closed, he seemed to lose focus entirely, unloading his clothes into the dresser on his side of the room without comment, clearly lost in thought. Evidently Cas had not been imagining the man’s disquiet. He was practically vibrating with unspoken thoughts at the moment.
(Heavens, I’m turning into an Austen novel knockoff again. Let’s put a stop to that before you run screaming in horror, eh?)
Cas took a moment to center himself. Then he quietly replied, “People change, Dean. Grow up. Move away. It happens.”
Slightly thrown, Cas adjusted as quickly as he could to this new line of thinking. “You haven't failed, Dean. You two were honest with yourselves and managed to walk away before it went completely to shit. And you managed it with minimal fallout. That's pretty baffling, really. Most couples just cling harder at that point, and it rarely seems to end well. You did what was right for both of you.”
“Especially now, actually,” Castiel corrected, with a small smile. “Archangel funded the project, but you actually inspired it.”
Given these truths about the clientele, there are also two regular customers who round out the Roadhouse Family. Bobby Singer and Rufus Turner can be seen at the bar just about any night of the week, wandering in for dinner there once they’ve closed up their junk yard/repair shop for the night. Both surly men in their fifties, (or thereabouts—I prefer not to assume too closely) they seem to delight in little more than trading sarcastic barbs with each other, ranting about whatever sport happens to be playing on the TV over the bar, and enjoying Ellen’s food at the end of a long day. They are delightful- charmingly without artifice, and yet never actually rude or hurtful. And on quiet nights, they’ve taken to teaching me about basic car maintenance and engine repair, which I find very generous. Bobby might call me an “idjit” rather more than the average professor would dare, but it is uttered, always, like a term of endearment—not a rebuke, but an invitation to learn. He has very sweetly (again, never tell him I called him “sweet”) offered to help me fix up one of his “junker” cars for my own personal use, and I’m very much hoping to take him up on that offer. It would be immensely useful to have my own vehicle once my program at The Garden ends, and the idea of recycling a discarded, unwanted machine for this purpose is one I find immensely appealing. Poetic? Perhaps. But also, highly practical.
Dean’s shoulders loosened slightly, but he still looked uncertain. “Hell, I don’t know where to start, Cas, that’s the problem. I get the occasional update from Mom about things in your life, but I don’t even know…” He frowned down at his hands. “I think she assumes we still talk. You know, like we used to. So, she probably leaves stuff out.” There was a silence as neither man could come up with a retort. “So, are you still in Michigan?”
The thing is, Archangel, I think being welcomed back to the Roadhouse like family opened my eyes to the reality of that particular void in my life. Looking at things with a coldly analytical eye, I have never had this sort of reception before. I never left Angel Farm for more than a school day’s length, and even if I had done, there would not have been any guarantee that the same children would be there on my return. I can’t honestly say I would expect a warm reception there. And given that my departure was so explicitly viewed as final, I’m unlikely to ever have occasion to test that theory. As for The Garden, I do receive happy greetings upon my returns here, but there is that top layer over everything, that sense of expectation, that makes the exercise feel somehow less urgent. We all knew when we left for break that we would all return again at an appointed time, so when that day arrives the reunion is no surprise. It simply is, and the impulse is to catch up rather than to rejoice particularly in the fact of the reunion.
I have to say, it was an excellent plan. You are, clearly, just as wily as I always dreamed. I really thought, for about three hours, that the package containing the over-the-top gift I attempted to send back to you had been deemed undeliverable. Indeed, that was written on the box.
Dean rolled his eyes, jumping in before Cas had even gotten the last word all the way out. “You were a low-key genius and a track star. You managed to be smart and talented without being an asshole. That’s one hell of a feat in the hell of high school, and it was cool as fuck.”
What, Archangel, could he possibly see in me that would fuel his pursuit? He knows I am inexperienced in love, so I imagine even pure lust would be tainted with the inherent risks of choosing a virginal partner. And, anyway, we are friends. Playboy history or no, I cannot imagine I would be someone he would turn to for a quick, physical fling. There are much safer options if that’s what he wants, men and women with knowledge and skill who would be much more equipped to satisfy his needs. I would not be the natural choice.
Those are the highlights for the moment, Archangel! Our “Spring” Break is coming up—always an entertaining misnomer in the Michigan education system given the inevitable snowfall during the week in question. Bela has invited us to join her at some sort of ski chalet her family seems to have rented for the month. She calls it a “cabin”. But, knowing her family, I have to imagine it holds about as much resemblance to Abraham Lincoln’s childhood home as the Taj Mahal. However luxurious it might be, I have no intention of declining the offer. Though, if she attempts to get me on a ski hill, (I’m told the Michigan offerings are distinctly “hills” rather than “mountains”) I might regret my decision to accompany her. I don’t care how “dinky and harmless” these ski hills supposedly are—coordination is not my best virtue even on solid, flat, ice-free ground. Pray for my poor fragile body, Archangel.
Baby was easy to spot amongst the cars at the top of the hill, shining in the moonlight just the way Dean liked. Cas barely resisted the urge to slide his hand along her hood as he walked around to the back, but he knew that Dean would not appreciate finger prints on his freshly waxed prize.
“Well,” Mary began, a gleam of anger clear in her eye. “Jan Moore was just chatting with Ellen and me. She wanted us to know how sorry she was that she wasn’t able to meet Lisa today, but she was very excited for her sister, and hoped we’d send out pictures of the new baby when we get them.”
Well, I should confess that I worked myself up into a bit of a “state” after I posted my last letter. I was terrified that my refusal of your sponsorship was an irreparable misstep, an affront to your generosity and an offense to you personally. I was on edge for several days. Chuck started recommending some of his preferred calming techniques completely unprompted over breakfast on the fourth day of this, so clearly, I was not hiding my panicked shame as well as I thought.
Teasing clearly evident in his face, Dean pretended to pout at this ultimatum. “Aww, but we made a double bed and everything”
Grinning, Dean got up and grabbed his toothbrush from the dresser, presumably planning to head off to the bathroom. “Ahh, yes. It'll be just like the good ol’ days,” he offered, winking at Cas in homage to pranks past. “You'll join us, right? I brought extra shaving cream if you're game to take part in some early morning Groom decoration.”
Dean looked up at his emphatic tone and began to chuckle as well, no doubt thinking back on tales of Cas and Meg’s more colorful undergraduate escapades. “Okay, fair enough”
Really, if Castiel wasn’t such a creep, he would have missed it entirely. But the sequence of events (as spotted out the upstairs front window while Castiel was half paying attention to his laptop) goes like this:
Cas grinned. “My wit is nothing if not stealthy and brutal.” That, at least, had Sam smiling. Cas patted his shoulder and started toward the kitchen. “You know,” he mused, looking back at Sam. “If you need a distraction, you could always do a little reading.”
“Well,” Dean finally says, looking away, but seeming to very casually keep Cas in his periphery. “I certainly didn’t expect to see you back around here.” There’s a breath’s pause – the sort that takes physical shape. The sort that is really a precipice. Dean barrels on, with only the tiniest tension trapped in his muscles, poised to spring back up the hill if he must. “And I certainly didn’t expect you to be about 50 times hotter. That was definitely a surprise.”
After dinner had been completed and cleared, there were a handful of brief speeches before the festivities wound down. Rick seemed unbelievably touched to have been asked to speak on his step-daughter’s behalf. He spoke eloquently of the love she had shown toward him and toward Sam, whom she had met just after her mother’s remarriage. Then Mary stood up to give a highly entertaining account of how quickly and forcefully her son had fallen for Jess, complete with a tear-jerking description of all the reasons why she, as a mother, was pleased and grateful that the two young people had found each other at just the right moment. It made for a lovely end to the evening, and as Cas rode back to the lake house with Charlie and Jo, he found himself more at peace with love itself than he had been in quite some time. He had always considered himself more realist than romantic, but every single person in that room tonight was so palpably certain that Sam and Jess had something special, and he found himself inclined to agree. It wasn’t just that Jess had been so strong for Sam when he was struggling with the worst of his addiction, nor that Sam had let her in to his most vulnerable heart at that uncertain time, though those had been beautiful truths to witness. It was something both more and underneath those actions, a deep attachment to and consideration for each other, a melding of minds and hearts without a loss of individuality. It was beautiful and wholly unique. It was everything Cas wished for, but nothing he ever expected to find. He had already found a friend like that, once. And even though that hadn’t been romantic, he wasn’t greedy enough to expect to find it a second time.
The Roadhouse’s clientele is largely comprised of locals. I’m told the occasional “Fudgie” (tourist from downstate, if you’re unfamiliar) will wander in now and again on their way to or from the various ski resorts and campgrounds, but they rarely seem to return with friends after their initial visit. Ellen is happy to report that her bar has been deemed “too eccentric” for inclusion in tourist blogs or travel books. “It’s a damn blessing,” she declared on my second evening here. “We don’t get mobbed by snooty rich folks in designer ski wear, and the locals at least have one last place to get a bite and a pint in peace.” This might not be what your average MBA would call a “strong business model”, but from what I can tell it’s just about perfect.
Cas grinned at her. “Oh, I most certainly did. You’d be surprised how your sex life opens up once you have ‘naked midnight serenade’ in your bag of tricks.” Then he turned toward Charlie and Jo to ensure they were ready, and strummed the opening chords to “Closer to Fine”.
“I’m doing well, on the whole,” Cas replied, tentatively perching on his own bed. “And you? I’m sorry to hear Lisa couldn’t make it.”
“Nah,” Dean said, quiet himself now, his trademark playfulness finally returning around the edges. “He sounds to me like a normal schlub who’s in way over his head with this whole inheritance thing. I’d bet he relates a hell of a lot better to you than to any of the wholesome preppy kids he hooked up with in undergrad.”
Dean melted almost immediately, indulging in the contact as he adjusted into Cas’s space. “Thanks, Cas.”
“I—” Dean looked baffled now, but Castiel’s insistence seemed to have stopped his argument for the moment. “Okay.”
But that very afternoon marked the arrival of the gorgeous azalea you sent, and all that certainty I had built up about your disappointment evaporated in an instant. The gift immediately earned a place of honor at the window in my room, and the effect there in the morning light with the daffodil you sent before is quite stunning. I love them both, Archangel, these little pots of blooming joy that remind me you are out there, real and human, constant and supportive even when my own choices misalign with yours. Thank you, my archangel, for understanding. And for choosing me in the first place, for that matter. It means the world to me.
Look, I know that twentysomethings ranting about their romantic lives is categorically NOT what you signed up for. And if you don’t wish to read this, that is fully within your rights. But the act of writing to you has so helped me over the past year, and I need that sort of help today. I don’t expect you to actually give me advice, of course— I have learned my lesson on that score, I promise. But I will imagine you at least reading my latest rambling, even if you actually threw the letter away unopened. I will picture you taking my thoughts in slowly, contemplating them in all your wisdom, and then beaming the right choice to me on the wind from the comfort of your easy chair. That, I fear, is the only outcome that will steer me right.
Bela has been working for a while on navigating the complicated interplay of strength and weakness, vulnerability and hardness, femininity and the way it exists inside the patriarchy. She sometimes writes characters that have what Cain has dubbed “nerves of steel”— meaning they persist in inflexibility a bit too far beyond what most actual humans can bear, emotionally bullet proof. In an effort to help her reconcile a bit more vulnerability in her strong characters, Jody is recommending Bela take a story or event from a story and deeply dive in to write it from several involved points of view. She’s suggesting some kind of multi-character situation (perhaps a family gathering), and whether or not the actual telling is from a single POV or several, she wants Bela to turn aside and dive in to all of them, even just as background writing that would never be in a final story. I think it’s a bit like what a playwright might do, or even an actor— jumping fully into each character’s head to see every facet of their vulnerabilities and motivations.
Kevin painted us a picture of the anxieties of a suburban adolescence, mired in the pressures of his race and his high-achieving family. Becky opened up about the bullying she had endured growing up, a shy and awkward tween with emotionally closed off parents. Bela enlightened us about some of the finer horrors and peculiarities of a British boarding school education, of a lavish life in the delicate world of diplomacy, of the fine but distinct line between parental approval and parental support. Garth told us about his transgender brother, currently in the midst of hormone therapy, and some of the trials their family has encountered as “one of the Fitzgerald girls” came to find himself. And Meg…well. It turns out she didn’t kill her parents, as we somewhat jokingly suspected. But I might not have blamed her if she had done.
Cas rolled over onto his back, his own mischievous grin creeping into place. “Is your mother aware that her son's wedding day might begin with him murdering the best man?”
“Of course,” he replied. It was a knee-jerk reaction. His goal this weekend was to help make the festivities run smoothly. If that meant sleeping in the attic he had shared with Dean as a child and confronting the ghosts of his crush head on, then he would just have to deal with that on his own.
Caught, Cas just surrenders his last vestige of dignity with a grimace. “Certainly caught me off guard. Not that I have a problem with whatever romantic arrangements people might have with each other. But it’s not something one expects to see out in the open in broad daylight in suburbia.”
(And, it occurs to me, I haven’t actually come out to you either… Apologies for the abruptness of that. It’s never really been anything but an open secret in my life, despite Mrs. Novak’s supposed piety. So, yes, I’m quite gay. I hope that’s not uncomfortable for you. Though, given what you know of my writing already, I rather doubt it’s a huge surprise. I can’t imagine many homophobic benefactors would read a vaguely sardonic story about a ghost-hunting collective of teenage lesbians in 2060s Detroit and immediately exclaim, “Who wrote this? I must bankroll their post-graduate studies immediately!”)
Mary wandered over as soon as Sam was safely inside, and plopped herself on the porch swing between Cas and Jess. Newly arrived Grant turned to Jess from his perch on the front steps and asked, “Aren’t you the one who’s supposed to be freaking out today, Madame Bride?”
“Dean Michael Winchester, what do you mean ‘February’?” Mary’s ability to whisper a scream was quite impressive, Cas mused wildly. He prepared to intervene again, but Dean cut in quickly. He sounded a little angry himself, this time.
After taking a moment of quietly thanking his own, less pristine, vehicle for making it through the full drive, Cas got out to schlep his bags down toward the house. The cars were all lined up along the trees, far further than usual—presumably to make room for the other guests who would be coming and going throughout the weekend.
