"Tony, I told you, don’t do that," Steve scolded without heat, and who could resist those perfectly kissable lips? So Tony tugged him by his hand, bringing his face down for a ticklish kissing session that had Steve pulling away laughing. "
"Iron Man. I’d like to welcome you into the Avengers team officially, but I’m sorry to say you are most likely in grave danger."
Steve doesn’t want to risk that. He tells himself to take deep breaths before trying again. “Yes. Yes, show me the message, please, FRIDAY.”
But Tony looks at him expectantly, a mischievous glint in his eyes, as though he has an idea of what Howard meant by
It’s a miracle, but Steve manages a chuckle as he sits on the edge of the bed. Tony is looking directly at him, as though he
you know.” Steve watches as the hologram Tony links his hands behind his neck, licking his lips the way he did when he was nervous.
He’s ready to leave, to find a way back to Peggy’s house because the Quinjet is in pieces and he-- well, he doesn’t have cash on him. If he can at least find a bike amidst the mess…
Three meetings with the Avengers team. The first time, Tony had been out scouting for HYDRA bases he thought harbored Skrulls when he’d run into Barton and Romanoff. It was on the outskirts of a small town, with a population of 1,743. Based on satellite images, the town didn’t exist; it simply popped up on the map a few weeks ago. It was in the middle of nowhere, with no resources and no electricity.
, of all things. It brought back a memory Tony could’ve gone without remembering, but oh fuck, it was already here, and he was spiraling down memory lane.
"Okay, cool, great. I’ll get to the scepter thing somehow, so can you like, just try to keep the Chitauri away meanwhile?"
The second half of their lives, as one may expect, isn’t all sunshine and rainbows. They stick with the team, reasoning it with ‘They need time to adjust. Just a little longer’ when all it’s really about is that they aren’t ready to part with all
Sharon raises her brows at that, clearly taken aback at his words. Then she laughs in a hysterical (there’s no other word for it) manner that has Steve flushing badly. “You know, Steve, you’re really bad at trying to keep secrets.”
"How is he?" His voice, too, came out wobbly. The Mandarin. The same organisation Romanoff had warned him about, but he’d forgotten afterward, the slip of paper still sitting somewhere in his pocket. If only he’d looked into the Mandarin immediately.
“Oh, that girl’s busy. Just called to apologise that she won’t be back for a few days until things in NYC is stable. What on earth happened there?”
They said third time’s the charm, and maybe it was. The third and last time before things went to shit again, they’d actually called him. Well, Stark Industries anyway, and a very confused Pepper had redirected the line to him (I hope you know what you’re doing, Tony! he could hear her frown through the phone line. StarkPhones were good like that). And surprise surprise, it was Hill who’d called.
Steve’s heart rate accelerates when he finds the front door unlocked, but it is silent when it creaks open. The lights have been flipped on, and… Ah, there Peggy is, rocking gently on a rocker, back faced to him. He can’t see her face, but there’s nothing in the direction she’s looking at. Just a plain wall (who is he to judge? Natasha also seemed to have a fascination with walls).
bring up the invasion again without good reason. Tony’s hidden it well for years, but looking back, Steve doesn’t know how he missed all the signs that the invasion had changed Tony.
side of the fence, then when Steve catches it in the act it whines and give him the look. Yes, adorable indeed.
The silence is awkward, broken first by Tony, who huffs. “So, Fury sent you here? What was oh so very important that he decided he had to send Captain America to my house and interrupt my date night?”
Short and sweet; now wouldn’t Pepper be so proud of him for biting back his snarky remarks? And then he wondered; what would she think of becoming the new CEO of Stark Industries? But first, he had to get her stamp of approval as an Avenger before the official press release by the government.
Steve always tries to come up with something to say. Now, there are no words. A dog tag to a soldier means many things. Identity. Status. Comfort. To Steve, it used to be a proud, physical proof that he’s achieved all he’s ever wanted.
They cuddled on the couch, fully clothed mind you, watching as Jasmine took Aladdin’s hand, as the familiar tune of A Whole New World started playing.
Sharon doesn’t return the greeting. Her face is grim, almost sour when she sees Steve. The door clicks behind her, and she presses her back against it, as though she wants to be as far away from Steve as possible while staying in the same room. Steve spares a quick glance in the direction of the bedroom. The door is slightly ajar, but Peggy shouldn’t be able to see or hear anything going on out here.
had recommended him to the team. The nerve of him! Tony squashed down the little bundle of joy that threatened to spread around his chest and huffed into the mouthpiece. Squashed even further down was a seed of hope that threatened to take root, hope that there was chance of reconciliation between Steve Rogers and Tony Stark. (Not as lovers, though. It’d be phenomenal if they managed a conversation.)
“Hush, J. Don’t make me mute you, buddy. I’m fine. I’m okay. It’s nothing. Just.” He clutches his arc reactor, and
Tony is preening, and Steve doesn’t have the heart to chastise him. So he just smiles. “Yes, yes, Mr. First-Name-Genius Stark.”
Please be warned that there's some canon typical violence, and some minor (again, canon typical) references to torture! Also, I added a tony centric tag because I feel that's where the fic is.
"Where’s this Loki guy? If we get him, the army will surrender, right?" Tony blasted at an alien that was charging toward him, and heard its cry as it hopefully fell to its demise.
, Steve’s used to the Tony that’s gone through the surgery, doesn’t need to rely on the core for survival, and--
He was falling; too fast, his entire body shutting down. This was probably it. He would die, and people would find out who he was, maybe be crowned a hero for a day or two? He recalled a conversation with Steve, seemingly so long ago, where they’d shared their childhood heroes. God, he missed Steve, the asshole, the liar, the
Tony’s worried, Steve realises. He’s trying to brush it off like nothing, but Steve can see it now, clear as day. They’ve parted peacefully after the Battle of New York, but Steve doesn’t recall being close enough to call Tony a friend yet. Or maybe this is just the engineer’s personality. Probably reading too much into it. Yup. Plus, Steve
They adopt two dogs - Steve gets to name one and Tony the other, it’s only fair - and a baby girl. When Tony suggests to name their daughter ‘Morgan’, Steve has to turn away and hold back his tears. Tony doesn’t ask - he
(if you're wondering how can steve be SUCH AN ASSHOLE to marry tony for the sake of it... i mean... steve has His Issues which i will happily address if i continue this)
It’s easy to break out of the jet with his super strength, and he helps Sharon out, giving orders before she can ask anything. “Go help evacuate the citizens. If you see any of the aliens, do
For Steve, well, it’s a little more complicated, seeing as he’s literally a man out of his time, his
2023 Steve can’t just stand around and do nothing. He digs through boxes for the storage device and the briefcase, sliding the tiny object back into his back pocket. He grabs the star containing his 2012 outfit and shoves it in his front pocket; a handgun from the briefcase, slides it into the holster strapped to his waist, and find the most discreet spot possible to hide anything. He chooses the largest box he sees, and clumsily stacks a dozen boxes above it. That’s how things in a warehouse should look like. He takes a moment to look at his shield, before deciding
Hey, look who managed to upload before December! Sorry this chapter took so long. Between new classes, pokemon, and my other stony fics(coughs) I hardly found time for this.
, they’d actually sent it to Sharon, who will play it off like she stumbled across the information, then spoonfeed it to Fury. “
annnnd here's a little cliffhanger. i didn't expect one scene to take up 6k words; i originally wanted to include a bit more of steve heading back to peggy's for more plot, but this seems like a good place to stop! i hope you like the subtle domesticity i slid in this chapter. pepper only agreed to give tony space because she knows tony's become part of something bigger, and instead of waiting till AoU/CACW periods to take a break, tony decides to talk about it now. all because of what steve has done in the past.
With Fury, by Pepper. Steve understands the reference. About the Helicarrier, perhaps? His co-worker passes him the coffee, which he passes to Tony. He tries for a bright smile. “I’m sorry to hear that. If it helps, I hope you have a nice day.”
“Take it easy on me, okay,” he jokes. “If anything happens, call me.” He’s been given an old flip phone of Sharon’s. It works, so he’s not complaining. Plus he’s more comfortable with it anyway.
Tony has some dilemmas about being an Avenger, some feels, a little more palladium poisoning feels, some brief bonding time, mandarin attacks, Tony is attacked (again!) and a new character makes an appearance toward the end(;
But then he’s giving Steve a pleading look, one that tells him Tony can barely convince himself, one that easily translates to
hello! very much sorry that this chapter took way longer than i thought it would. kind of hit a wall when i realised the story isn't headed where i really want it to (rip)
It’s words he’s dreamt countless times of hearing, and he’s hearing them now. Steve finds himself tiring of feeling something heavy in his chest that’s making it so hard to breathe. He turns into Peggy’s palm, mumbling into it.
“Shut up and enjoy the movie,” she threatens in a soft tone, a smile curving her lips, neither of which making her any less dangerous. “Or I’ll tell Laura to burn your Lord of the Ring figurine collection.”
Now, Tony couldn’t have that, could he? Coming from Rogers, Mr. Stark sounded mortifying… in an oddly polite way. He shook his head, fiddling with his fingers as they no longer had anything to hold onto. “Tony. Tony is fine. In fact
, and Steve because he isn’t sure this is happening, isn’t sure this isn’t an illusion cast by Loki or some other God of Mischief in existence. This is different from New York; there isn’t a life at stake, no urgency in fighting against time to pump air into a lifeless body.
. He inhaled sharply when his saw the images invading his mind. A blazer wrapped around him, warming his body, and
Data is pulled up on the screens as Steve lets himself enjoy the banter between Tony and his AI. While Vision had definitely grown to become one of Steve’s close comrade and friend he’d trust to watch his six, he and JARVIS simply shared similar knowledge and the same voice. Vision never interacted with Tony like this (neither did he and Tony, but Steve tries not to think about that).
Tony wasn’t feeling up to argue. He did feel dead exhausted. Coffee these days didn’t do much for him anyway. Probably three glasses of his juice, and a new arc reactor while he was at it. He agreed, letting her walk him to the car JARVIS already drove over.
"From the start…?" It was amazing how Tony could still find his voice, weak as it was. Steve knew about Afghanistan. The kidnapping. Did he knew about the arc reactor as well, then? Knew Tony needed it to stay alive?
Well, he doesn’t really need to think about it. Preparing himself for whatever it may mean, Steve reaches under his shirt and slaps the star against the center of his chest, and there’s only a light zap before it does whatever it’s meant to do in order to stay where Steve placed it, like hot glue. Looking at Tony, Steve’s always thought the arc reactor would be painful, uncomfortable, foreign. But he supposes… It’s alright?
Peggy smiles, this time the brightest she’s shown him, and even missing all her teeth, it’s one of the most beautiful smiles Steve has seen. “It’s yours.”
Tony turns away, again with that frown Steve wishes he knows the meaning behind, but never will. “Noit’snothing,” Tony mumbles in Tony Language, which easily translates to ’No, there’s something but I don’t think I want to tell you what’, something he and the rest of the Avengers have learnt soon after the Battle of New York. Instead he gestures to a spare tool under one of the work desks, which Steve pulls out to sit on.
Steve keeps his smile on his face. “Nothing out of the ordinary. Just some otherworldly force at work, and trying to kill humanity.”
The world tilts. Steve loses balance and slams against the wall with a grunt. Boxes come tumbling at him, and he blocks his face with his arms, but thankfully the boxes are empty and do no damage. There’s the blaring sound of an alarm as his vision flashes red. It’s light from a beacon in the corner of the storage room.
Steve nods, even though hologram Tony can’t possibly know that. It’s a force of habit, and he of all people understands how habits can be hard to kick.
And later, well, Tony would just be damned fucking glad he didn’t tell Steve all the times he’d had to leave the country he was spending time as a man in a metal tin blowing up terrorist bases like he’d very much almost done that night.
Rhodes’ own eyes are misty when he passes Tony to Steve with two hard pats to their joined hands. “Take care of my best friend.”
“It’s a great, beautiful, sunny day. The perfect weather is expected to last till the end of the month!” That’s what the weather lady said on TV. As Steve hop into the bike, he sees that it’s true. The weather is perfect. You know, one where you wouldn’t expect your friend’s mansion is about to be blown up because everyone’s holding hands and out on a picnic?
now even. And that’s the one thing that truly haunts him. Steve’s never forgotten who he really is. He never lets himself forget that he comes from a different timeline, messed this one up (too, the darkness in his mind adds) with his good intentions, and found his way to Tony (but at what cost?). That the time he has now is stolen, that one day this will all catch up to him.
It’s a group of three - a man and two young kids. A dad and his children, or maybe a man and two random kids. Who knows? It doesn’t matter; Chitauri soldiers approach them, weapons at the ready. Steve doesn’t hesitate, just jumps in their direction and holds up his shield, deflecting the beams from their guns.
"Mm. You look so young like this, y’know. Thought you were a college student when we first met. Maybe if you had a beard…" He waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
“Captain,” she smiles when she sees him, and it’s genuine, unguarded. He’s missed this; the simpler times. “Tony’s waiting for you in his workshop. Told me I should sit this one out. If he’s being difficult, please give a call and I’ll be glad to help.”
thank you for all the love! this intermission was meant to cover up to the events of TWS, but that will take a long, loooooooooooong time, with how i keep returning to the movies.
On the ride back as a jobless man, Steve buys an outfit matching what he wore in this time - plain gray shirt, a leather jacket, a pair of pants, and a baseball cap. It’s almost funny, how he has to disguise him as
Steve walks up on the next platform, because he doesn’t trust himself too close to Tony. He tries to at least get himself comfortable, but it’s hard. He can go through this infinite times and still not know what’s a good conversation starter to someone who just lost a friend.
be recognised. Steve stares at him blankly, an unexpected reunion when the world isn’t under some form of threat. Tony looks tired, behind the shades. His eyes are bloodshot. Steve wonders what he’s doing down here?
There was a split second where he thought the voices sounded familiar, and oh fuck, the realisation that he was alive, and
. Minusing how you know something’s up in New York before I did, that briefcase you’re carrying with you? That’s Level 10 clearance material. An agent knows where she stands.”
expertise on a matter regarding tech, apparently. Of course; why else would they look for him? And even more apparently,
Tony hurries away, and there’s almost a tear in Steve’s eyes as he stays where he is and laughs, so damn thankful to be able to hear
, which he knows is the key to convincing anyone who is objective and stares at numbers for a living.
“Just in case,” Tony had said. Over those last five years, he’d become a rather ’just in case’ kind of man. And just earlier FRIDAY had kindly noted and stored key information she’d picked up from Tony’s message for Steve’s ’potential reference needs’, as she had stated. Bits and pieces of Tony’s message replays in his head.
"Hey. Iron Man, right?" Tony turned to the man, looking and shy and reserved as he sounded. His eyes shone with curiosity and intelligence, reminding Tony of himself. "I was wondering if you would be willing to share a little about how the suit works?"
Tony was pretty much half gone by then. He’d already watched this once with Pepper and Happy, another with Rhodey when he returned from a mission. Possibly a dozen more times of the original version when he was still young and carried hopes and dreams in the steps he took.
"SHIELD, like you guys?" Tony deadpanned. He was starting to get annoyed. He signed the damn contract. Yinsen’s voice never left his head;
He goes by the small alleys, the underground, jumping over rooftops. Avoiding the Avengers and the mass while helping in the shadows. It’s selfish, but every one more person he can save right now, in the past? Steve will. And that? That’s his first, unofficial mistake.
Then the sun had set, the owls had awoken, and still, no Tony. Steve had paced around the field, their other retriever - E.L.L.Y (don’t ask) trotting next to him. He had been three seconds away from heading into the woods when Tony stumbled out of it, covered in mud, dried leaves, and shallow cuts. But he had been beaming, grin growing impossibly wider when he saw Steve. Becky and E.L.L.Y had barked at each other in greeting, Becky in a similar plight.
It’s happening. It was happening, karma had once again caught up to him. Tony’s sins ran so deep karma was targeting the people closest to him. He couldn’t be bothered to pull something over his tank top, just tossed himself off the bed while JARVIS started up one of his cars. Fuck, fuck,
. Well, fuck. They were Steve's colleagues. At the wedding, Romanoff had been in a blood red dress, and Barton in a suit with a bowtie, all polite smiles. They'd even shared a few jokes. Clearly it was an occupational thing.
Tony takes one exact minute to stop laughing long enough to answer in a mock serious voice, “Careful there, Sonny, or you won’t be invited to our wedding and end up being known as the prodigal son."
- and tried to look for an empty building to slam the thing into. Why were there people everywhere? New York was way too populated. “Thrust power at 100%!”
At long last Tony felt the press of the button, and his suit whirred to life, running on backup power. He could see the sky again, the wormhole nowhere in sight, and he let himself breathe as JARVIS recited the damages he would have to repair. Later. Much later. He was exhausted. Two faces came too close to his faceplate, and Tony jumped inside his suit.
One night, when Tony comes out of Morgan’s bedroom looking somewhat helpless and in awe and so full of love, Steve thinks he knows.
“How did SHIELD manage to get all this info before I did? Even JARVIS didn’t dig up some of these.” Tony actually sounds offended at the possibility that SHIELD is doing its job.
Tony would scoff if he didn’t know it’d make his head explode in pain. Was this considered kidnapping? Well, he
Tony edges closer, pressing more firmly when Steve doesn’t react negatively, and Steve relaxes as Tony mouths at him. It’s gentle, unlike anything Steve expects, but it’s… Oddly nice? Within seconds, Tony pulls away, but not completely, just enough to whisper in Steve’s ear, beard scratching his cheek,
"For what it’s worth," Steve whispered, almost to himself, "I’m truly sorry that things turned out this way." And he was gone. Just like that. Didn’t even spare a glance to the Disney plushie that was nearly ten foot tall next to the gate.
It had been hate on first sight. Or, more accurately, the worst first impression. Tony was on his (self assigned) lunch break and had been in a special mood to grab his own coffee when he’d met Steve Rogers in his favorite coffee shop just five streets down Stark Tower. Which, yes, he was the CEO of, had been for years.
The man shrugged, seemingly unfazed by the situation. Tony knew and understood the coping mechanism, but to be seeing it on someone else hurt. He had to apologise to his friends later, how did they cope with him on a daily basis?
One thing was for sure; there was no Thai food in sight. There wasn’t any building in sight; they were in an open field, in the distance trees, trees, and more trees. It was a little disappointing for Tony, who was starting to feel the effects of not having any proper meals in the last sixty hours or so. Cicadas croaked around them, to Tony’s ears sounding like a futile plea for help from those who were left behind before the seasons changed.
Tony’s last words aren’t flashy. They never are. His eyes close, and they never open again. Steve kisses the still-warm forehead, like Pepper had done oh-so-long ago.
None of that mattered when Tony heard Steve’s voice, coming from nowhere and everywhere at the same time. "We need help cleaning up the mess down 71st…."
Neither mentions Steve’s usage of language as they dance their promised dance. A day late, according to Peggy, voice wobbling, tears threatening to overflow. But Steve? He’s nearly 80 years late. And God, he missed her. Miss
,” Tony snorts as he imitates Steve, and did he actually sound a tad desperate like that? He supposes it doesn’t really matter; Tony looks more like himself now. “Fine.
2012 Rogers must still be out cold after hand-to-hand with 2023 Steve. Poor guy, suffering more than he’s supposed to because of alternate future selves. But this will enable Steve to join the search long enough to give instructions that’ll lead them in the right direction.
Black coffee. Steve accepts it with thanks, holding the warm cup in his hands. Yes, he does briefly recalled being served black coffee for weeks when he first moved into the tower. Was that all Tony? Steve doesn’t actually mind the bitter taste; he’s a man from the 40s, after all. Bitter’s something he can take.
And when something flickered in Steve’s eyes, for that blink and you miss it moment, Tony added his time serving the nation to the list of things to look into later. He might’ve felt bad if they didn’t look into him first, the sneaky little bastards.
The man nodded, jaw clenched tight, and Tony saw fire burn in his eyes for the first time. "Yeah. I’m James Barnes, Agent of SHIELD. I was with Director Fury when the whole thing went down."
was over him (they still couldn’t manage a conversation about the time he was kidnapped) and couldn’t focus on the client, and how the company stocks had suffered (naturally).
Chapter One updated 9/11/19! Just edited little details here and there, and added a short chunk of mentioned press conference above the tony-sees-alien scene, inspired by 616 canon!
Tony ended up spending some hours patching them up before a SHIELD jet came to pick them up. Iron Man once again didn’t, because he had to return to Tony Stark’s side. He only found the slip of paper much later, a single word in a messy scrawl:
that wasn’t their relationship. Then Barton had choked, not out of shock but in laughter, the real kind,
Steve hears rather than sees Peggy and Howard Stark share an embrace. Strangely enough, he doesn’t feel jealousy. Maybe because he knows they aren’t - and won’t ever be - in a relationship? Isn’t that why he’s come back? To fix things with Peggy? Steve’s tuned out the conversation happening just a few feet away, but the following words from Howard jolts him from his thoughts.
"You must be Iron Man. Thor told us about how you’d helped during the Chitauri invasion." Thor. The God of Thunder. Right, that was a more believable outcome. If someone had come into contact with Iron Man the way Thor did, it wasn’t entirely impossible to connect the suit to Tony Stark. (And wasn’t that just another concern for him on this team till his inevitable demise?)
, the space is huge, and it almost reminds him of his workspace back in the Avengers Tower and facility. There’s more touches of Tony here, Steve realises as he passes through the open door (courtesy of Pepper), seeing the paintings, photo frames, tools, cars that loitered every corner. Tony was on his stool, mumbling to himself while staring down what Steve believes is a microscope.
Others mumble their agreement as Tony not quite whispers a “Yes!” under his breath. There is a click from the transceiver as it turns silent. The power source has been turned off. With (begrudgingly) not much of a choice, Steve picks an abandoned bike on the road, and he’s on his way back to Peggy’s.
That one is easy. Steve shrugs, trying to make himself stiff and his voice one that is strictly professional. “You’re the Avengers’ official consultant. Fury decided it’d be a waste not make use of whatever resources he can get his hands on.”
"Is that so? Also, I wouldn’t do that," the other guy drawled, his accent strangely familiar. His gaze darted to a corner, where Tony could make out the small red dot of a security camera. "They said the cell’s sturdy enough to contain enhanced beings. Tried breakin’ out countless times but never succeeded."
Pepper rubs down his arm even as she manages to roll her eyes at him. “Tony, he was just here to share his project with me.” Steve can’t help but notice she looks a little pale too. He recognises the fear, the worry, and anger. “If it helps, he called it Project Extremis.”
, Cap nodded. “Not even Agent Hill, who is a Level 9, knows what Project Insight is. Right now, we’re trying to figure out if the real Nick Fury is alive, and configure a plan to take down the Skrulls and HYDRA.”
Most of the other files were uninteresting. It seemed SHIELD was a counter terrorism agency under the government. Hill’s answers generally matched the available data. Even so, there were gaps too wide, too obvious, too empty. While he had not spotted any lies, there was something SHIELD was hiding. Tony could work with that.
. He briefly wondered if it was an unnecessary trip, until a tiny rock hit his shoulder and he turned, and there Romanoff was beckoning him over.
Immediately after, there’s a flash of lightning and a clap of thunder which he recognises as Thor going home. There’s a huff from Tony. “The big guy and I can do it too. Anyway, shawarma first? I’m
Tony tilts his head almost mockingly, unimpressed. Steve knows a snarky reply is coming before he says a word, “The one-eyed jack didn’t bother stalking me further to find out that this - tonight, as per the tonights of every week - is my date night with my girlfriend?”
"Hmm, let’s just say I have a thing for looking presentable. Never know when a billionaire might take an interest in you."
They never did tell Steve the cost that comes with war, but now he’s seen. He’s lived through it. And it’s all that experience that has brought him here. He can’t lie and say this is the best outcome, the one his optimistic self has envisioned so long ago, but he’ll take what he can get. And what he can get right now is in his arms, and Steve thinks he’s pretty damn lucky, all things considered.
, he decided to leave a huge tip for the barista he assumed was in-charge of brewing Earth’s mightiest coffee. And, yes, Tony could admit the barista was well-built, but he was also likely too young, and things went to shit immediately after that anyway, for Steve had frowned at the bills Tony pulled out of his wallet, and strongly rejected the tip. Which then led to a heated argument, and the gathering of a crowd, which meant phones and video recordings and bam, Tony Stark was viral for the first time in a long
Pepper chuckles, long since immune to Tony’s baseless threats, pushing Steve gently towards the steps. “Don’t take his words to heart, Steve.”
War has never been their choice, and the world will only ever truly be at peace when something like the Avengers need not exist, but they have found home in each others’ presence, and no one is quite willing to just let go yet.
, because who even are the Avengers? All those who joined them for the second attack; Vision, Natasha, Tony, who are gone? The moment Thanos turned to dust, the moment the sounds of battle ceased, the moment Tony stopped
And then, afterwards, when they were sure the SHIELD side was clear, they’d gone for a meal together. The team, that was. In their uniforms, no less, Tony slurping his noodles in a way that would have the chef tossing him out if not for the group of people he was with.
talked about Jarvis in front of the team. Or at least when Steve was around. Everything he knows he read from files. “Jarvis… As in the human butler Jarvis?”
Peggy nods towards the dresser next to the rocker. Steve doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to Peggy referring to him like he’s a child. Like he’s younger (well, he
And Steve laughs, because now, he finally understands. He beckons Tony to join him and their two dogs on the couch, cradling him. “It’s not a competition, Tony.”
Her face changes. Softens. Steve may have seen her eyes gloss over, or maybe that’s just his own? But the agent nods, and in that split second her eyes clear, expression back to one of true neutrality. “Of course. Please follow me.”
Steve will never forget Tony’s laugh when he sees the first signs of age catching up to the super soldier in the form of a single wrinkle across his forehead. It’s one of those moments Steve captures in his sketchbook when Tony’s gone to sleep and he knows he won’t be caught in the act. This particular sketchbook is a private one, something Steve hopes he can keep to himself in this world that isn’t quite his.
"Always, Sir." The thrusters fired up, allowing Tony the advantage he desperately needed. The alien ship creaked and made a sound terrifyingly close to a wail, and he started pushing
It’s untimely, how her stomach grumbles at that exact moment. But then they break into laughter, and from behind the door Peggy shouts, “What’s going on?” and Steve thinks this is something he had wanted as Steve Rogers the man, all those years ago. Maybe some part of him still wants it today. That part, he decides, needs to be locked away.
Steve charges at the first creature he sees once Sharon is out of sight, whipping his shield from his back and slamming it into the shrieking face. The cloth rips from the impact and Steve is fine with that. Slapping the star on his chest, he flings his shield like a frisbee, slicing all in its path like butter. By the time its back in his hands, Steve looks just like his 2012 counterpart.
," her lips curled down in slight disgust, before flattening into a neutral line of professionalism, "but you’ll see for yourself soon enough."
sung praises about, a feat he thought impossible until the very moment. He fell, hard and fast, too gone to see the signs, to see the obvious, because how could anyone love someone like him?
Judging by the way the entire room (including Tony, though his eyes are bright) groans in unison, Steve thinks himself successful.
It’s, what, 2 days away from Washington? But Steve isn’t exactly a regular guy who takes the main road. His time as an Avenger has taught him sometimes, you just gotta take the shortcut.
Steve feels the vibrations as Tony hum thoughtfully. “Well, the world wouldn’t be the way it is if I wasn’t who I was. Who I am. I’d say I’m pretty okay with how this universe turned out.”
"The arm was lost durin' my time in service. Don't really remember much so it's 'kay. Here, HYDRA's been tryin’ to brainwash me into becoming their good little soldier. I’m managing so far, but resisting is getting harder. Anyhow, you were sayin’ something about the Chitauri?"
, but 2012 Rogers (it confuses even himself, at times). The super soldier serum never seems to keep him down for long. “I intercepted Loki on the 14th floor, but he managed to escape. Did the scepter give him the power to look into our heads?”
“Dammit, sneaky spies,” Tony mutters but otherwise, he doesn’t seem to mind. So Steve clears his throat, demanding his attention again. He’s an authority, he reminds himself. He’s supposed to sound like he’s here on business.
Morgan says she’s taking the private jet home, but Steve doesn’t think he can look her in the eyes as he says his farewell. He doesn’t wipe at his face when he gently sets Tony into the flashy coffin they’d jokingly picked out together years ago. Next to it is a typical brown coffin, prepared for Steve, even though they both know there’s no place for him here. Instead, he leaves a photo of the two of them stargazing; it’s Tony’s favorite.
, seemed to carry an almost physical weight. Steve and Hawkeye grimaced, and Hulk looked uncomfortable while Widow and Hill’s expression turned a careful blank. Warning alarms went off in Tony’s head, but before he could redirect them away from the topic, someone spoke up.
Tony followed the calming circles that appeared in his vision to the best of his capabilities, but he only felt more like himself when they’d reached the hospital, where he was so close to reaching Happy. A cab screeched to a halt a short distance away and Pepper flew out, her usual perfect ponytail a matching mess with her tear stricken cheeks. Before he could exit the vehicle, she had enveloped him in a tight hug.
told me not to get involved. Well, whatevers. J, could you pull up info on the Mandarin I was looking over earlier?”
"Welcome to the team. I’m Black Widow, and this loudmouth -" she pointed a thumb, elegant, at Barton, "- is Hawkeye. We’re also SHIELD agents."
“Yeah?” He thinks he understands what Tony is trying to say. There are days, really rare ones, where adrenaline is coursing through his veins and he cannot rest, his mind needing to run. Those days are when Steve allow himself to wonder, to imagine what life would’ve been like if he’d woken up in the future to learn that the war is over, he can go and live his life a free man. A common man, as common as he can be, because he’d be the weirdest thing science had ever created, and he would be fine with that.
. JARVIS, enhance that image and add it to the list. And tell Happy to watch his back, okay? I want him reporting to work at six tomorrow, no excuses.”
to fall head over heels for her. It was also one of the last things she’d ever taught him before they both died in a car crash, but hey, not the time nor place for
Seeing no other way out, he pinches Tony’s nose with one hand, and places another beneath his chin, parting his lips and closing his mouth over Tony’s for mouth-to-mouth. He blows all the air he can muster into Tony’s lungs and it better reach him, because no way he’s letting Tony die even earlier than he did in Steve’s timeline. But it’s way past the effective time frame of mouth-to-mouth, Steve knows it. He just doesn’t want to stop. He eventually does, because
So they sit in the living area, eyes glued to the screen stretching almost 2 metres long, watching The Incredibles, because they can’t deny they’re practically a family by now (also because Steve thinks he will be able to relate to Mr. Incredible, and being Tony’s boyfriend has its advantages, but no one points
you?” Her hand sneaks behind her; Steve knows it’s a gun. He’s seen her in action. And he isn’t intimidated.
So, instead of running in mindless circles, Steve had sat all of them down on the grass, and decided they should re-introduce themselves to Tony. The cowl came off, revealing messy, blonde hair, and a face Tony saw in nearly forty-three percent of his dreams.
Then Rogers accepted the bouquet with a soft “Thank you”, and Tony fell in love. Well, okay, not quite there yet, but he was definitely crushing on the man now. “I forgive you, St- Um, Mr. Stark.”
The silence was a loud enough answer if Tony ever heard one (he had). Then the engine roared to life, and Tony flinched at the thunderous sound, reminding him of less pleasant times.
It’s a holographic storage device of Tony’s - just one of his many inventions he’s never had the chance to perfect before he… you know. To be fair, he’s built it in one night. Adding on the figuring of the while time travel stuff, it’s pretty amazing. It has the capacity to store all the information of the things the Avengers have done, as a team or on their own. Their profiles. Places of interests… Etc cetera. Kind of like their own Wikipedia, Natasha had remarked with a smile.
.” It comes out in a rush, as though if he waits one second too long, the message will disappear. Self-destruct.
"I’ll be more than glad to join in for that one," Rhodes added, all serious. "I can pull some strings and figure out who he’s working for."
“Peggy--” She really shouldn’t just invite him in like this. What if he’s not him, and… Just someone else. Like Loki?
“Can you not be so loud?” Tony hissed, eyeing the empty hallway. His voice had half its usual venom, and thank his genius mind for the voice changer he’d implemented in the helmet. JARVIS had already run a quick scan of the surroundings; he was on some sort of plane, and the long stretch of hallway that looked too military-like for his tastes was empty, but Tony had lived through enough of ’things are never as they seem’.
) fall to his death, to never regret another damned decision he’d ever make in the remains of his life. So he popped aspirin conveniently left on the dresser into his mouth, waited for it to take effect, and donned the suit, instantly feeling more like himself.
Time to get back on topic. "So, SHIELD’s head is actually a bad guy? Isn’t the whole organisation screwed then?"
The lie came easier than he liked, but it did its job well, and no one mentioned about his helmet again. So that was that.
The second happened when a live broadcast flashed on his screen in his office lab, that of an attack on hostile territory. The camera panned wide, and there Barton was being shot out of the sky by a beam of light Tony prayed was not a laser that melted flesh. The reporter’s lips were moving at a rapid pace, though no sound seemed to reach Tony. He didn’t think twice before donning the suit and rushing to the scene.
What he saw was… A man? He had long, messy locks of dirty blonde, a ridiculous looking costume (he was wearing a
Steve thinks he manages a nod. Why is it hard to breathe? “Just- Can I have a private moment, agent?”
He held still as his mind pieced itself back together, and tried to recall what he could of the day prior. It had been a long day with the R&D team, and Pepper had sent him home with strict orders to rest. No, wait - he’d asked Happy to accompany him for drinks, only to be dragged away the moment he started to slur his words. Right, he’d returned to his penthouse and some weirdo who called himself
They approached a Quinjet that was darker color than the rest. The Avengers Quinjet, Hill had explained when he’d glanced at her. Barton, or Hawkeye, Tony supposed he should get used to calling, took the pilot seat. Everyone seemed to have their own assigned seats, so Tony just sat where it was empty, next to the Hulk. A steaming cup of coffee was pressed into his hands, and he tried to convey his gratitude to Hill through the helmet.
“Sometimes there isn’t a way out, Tony.” Steve doesn’t manage to stop himself from saying Tony instead of Stark. An honest mistake on his end. Thankfully Tony seems too riled up to have noticed, or to make a remark about that slip up.
Steve finally manages a shaky breath after she is gone. He just doesn’t want anyone to see him like this. Not yet, when the world still needs him to be strong. Closing his eyes and gathering whatever courage he can get, Steve turns the knob, and enters the room.
him. Tony pauses before where the recording button must be, and looks up, right at Steve, like how he did to Morgan in his other recording. This time, though, his smile looks a little grim.
It was right about when he’d decided to raise the question of why Steve held the title of Captain America that his alarm went off. And thank God for that. Tony wanted to interact with Steve as little as he possibly could; he knew he had tells, big ones, and that something would blow up for sure if they reunited as Steve Rogers and Tony Stark. As amusing as it might sound, boy did he not want to touch that can of worms.
“You did, sir,” JARVIS sounds smug to both Steve and Tony’s ears as the latter picks his faceplate up, slapping it back in place.
Their story was such a cliche, Tony Stark might’ve laughed if he didn’t also feel like someone had ripped him from inside out then fed him his own flesh.
A screen appears on top of the screen Steve’s already looking at, and he wonders if he should ask FRIDAY to record this recording, because what are the chances that Steve will be able to understand Tony’s tech language?
One year, when Clint’s car come into view and Laura and the kids step out without him, they know. They toast to Hawkeye, to one of the best men Steve has known.
From a distance away, “Tony, we can always reschedule date night. This sounds important.” Then she reappears on screen, brushing back his hair and kissing his cheek. “I’ll be here if you need me, okay?”
They stood in a small circle, for no apparent reason, Hawkeye next to Widow, Captain America (Tony was going to find out the history behind that as soon as the files were back online) to her left, then the Hulk, then Tony, and Hill. Eyes seemed to wander to Steve, somewhat expectantly, but the man had his eyes set on the overgrown grass. What the heck was up with him? Shitty was an understatement for Tony’s life the past few months, and he didn’t look like
Either way, what happened had already happened. As short as his remaining life-span might be, Tony was still a futurist, who wanted to do
Steve likes to think he’s fulfilled his promise to Pepper, to Rhodes. They’ve done everything on Tony’s bucket list (quite a feat indeed), and they’ve both aged into men with grey hair and wrinkles and dentures (Tony at least uses them, Steve still has all of his; it’s unfair, Tony will pout at least once a week).
He never forgets what really happens after New York. Not Ultron, not finding out what Bucky did and keeping the truth from Tony, not the Accords, not Siberia, not the time he spent as a fugitive in Wakanda.
), he just knew they gathered in some sort of room out in space daily to plot his demise. And he couldn’t even blame them, because the Stark family name was one that would always be associated with war and death, with their hands and body drenched in blood, both dry and wet.
but that wasn’t it. It was an alert customised for Pepper’s usage, and there were several Code Red voice messages left for him. It was four in the morning, and while Tony was used to such hours, to receive a Code Red - multiple of them - was terrifying.
On a whim that was not quite a whim, yet a kind of feeling he couldn’t describe, Tony ordered JARVIS to destroy all the file on the Avengers members, preserving only those that were critical to, what was it Avengers did,
Steve addresses the question that’s fresh in his head. “The files Fury gave me regarding the Avengers, it had your address listed in it.”
“That’s me. Look, if you want to kidnap me, can you try again tomorrow? I’ve kind of hit my quota of people for the day. Or week, I suppose. It
, his tag, the one pinned on his zero wrinkle uniform, read - and was sure his face was an embarrassing shade of red. He always rambled, it was what geniuses did since their minds worked faster than their mouths, but Tony also had his
They’d stayed hidden, waiting, observing, calculating. There was not much to work on, seeing as the townspeople did… nothing. They were there, they walked, they talked, but other than that, nothing happened. It took a few seconds for Tony to see what the weirdness he felt was - there were no signs of food. He turned to tell the two Agents that.
Steve reaches into the back pocket of his Captain America suit (he’s thankful now for Tony who insisted on including modern back pockets on his pants, “I mean, who doesn’t sneak snacks in their back pockets?”, and Steve doesn’t, he really doesn’t) and pulls out a device which resembles a child’s toy.
handsome upon closer inspection. Those baby blues and messy bed hair that screamed Too Good To Be True? Totally Tony’s type.
. It’s Tony, his face cut off, seeming to be in the midst of arguing with someone. “Pep, I’m telling you, there is no way Captain America is standing outside
“Yes. It was recorded a few days after the message he left for Ms. Morgan. Do you want to open the message, Captain Rogers?”
One of their worst fights had stemmed from fear and insecurity, of the day of parting that will inevitably arrive. It’s the knowledge that comes crashing down on the darkest days, that while they have each other, they’ll never truly belong to each other. Tony had left home after dinner, and Steve had given him the space he knows Tony sometimes need. He hadn’t worried, with one of their dogs (Becky, she’s named) accompanying the man.
He gives himself five seconds to decide whether he wants the star in his pocket, poking at him with every step he takes, or-
Tony had no idea where that came from. Okay,  he knew perfectly well where from, but he was not going to entertain that line of thought. They worked for the government, which meant they were a threat to him. He shot up purely on adrenaline, muttering coordinates for JARVIS. He had a safehouse, none too near nor too far, for moments like this, though he was thinking he'd been needing to hide there far too much recently.
Pepper, to her credit, is unaffected. “You’re fighting a losing battle.” Then, turning to Steve, “Captain, you will find us in the basement. The stairs are past the piano.”
So Tony’s hand found Pepper’s, squeezing in thanks and support, and the two of them hurried to their friend’s side. Happy had to be okay.
Black Widow’s full name was Natasha Romanoff, or, if you’re brave slash crazy (mainly that) enough like Hawkeye aka Clint Barton, you called her Nat. She was a Russian spy who got on SHIELD’s radar, and was now a valuable ally to have. She didn’t elaborate further about her life before SHIELD, and Tony was tactful enough to keep his mouth shut. He’d have their files soon enough.
was happy for the blissfully ignorant period of one married month. Great coffee, great company. Great fucking life.
, and Tony loved him a little more. He parted his feet and spread his arms as JARVIS assembled his armor, and he felt a little better once the face plate closed down, shielding him from the world. Then he saw the floating ship that was coming straight for him, watched as his sensors picked up dozens of the alien bastards it carried and muttered, "Fuck" before rushing right at it.
go. A place that is both accessible and secure. Preferably somewhere he can stay too. He pulls out the storage device again, because Tony’s live GPS tracker slash map is much better than what they have on the jet. He looks out for places for interest.
The words etched onto Tony’s first miniature arc reactor by his then friend and now wife, Pepper Potts. The image, the words, replaying in his mind, over and over. He’s never seen that before. Tony has never shown that to him, or the team for that matter. In that moment, it just made the fact that he’s
Tony hums, plucking at a loose string of the bandage around his arm. Steve swats his hand away with a disapproving frown. “About what?”
"J?" Tony’s hand slid away from the bottle of wine the same way the haze in his mind did, pacing to the windows instead. There the hole was, and smoke rising from several buildings. Something zoomed past Stark Tower, and he felt the vibrations to his toes. "Enhance visual. What are we dealing with?"
“Yes. Yes, you are.” Peggy turns to her great niece, patting her hand affectionately. “Sharon, darling, show him in, will you?”
JARVIS’ voice seems to come from every corner of the workshop, blanketing them. “Reboot complete. All systems back online. Glad to be of service, sir.”
The team, supportive in a way only they can be, congratulate the couple. They have a party, one lasting two days and three nights, however impossible it may sound. There are no tears as Steve and Tony finally retire from the Avengers team, only smiles and laughter and warmth and love.
The AI doesn’t answer, but the flat screen TV turns itself on to the local news channel, where the reporter with overly thick makeup and a look of false interest is standing next to none other than Aldrich Killian himself. The man has his cuffed hands held high, head held low as the reporter bombards him with question about the Mandarin, Project Extremis and his conspiracy with the Vice President.
And the five years he’s spent after everyone got dusted, he’s never stopped hoping, never stopped searching. For a way, for a solution, for a reason to fight.
Tony clicked his tongue. "Nuh-uh, don’t wanna hear it. It’s kill or be killed, so gimme my suit now."
Once the news reach his ears, Steve’s quit his full-time job at the warehouse. He’s not so irresponsible as to take time off not knowing when or what may happen. In his letter of resignation, he includes a list of faults in the company that should be improved to ensure happiness in employees. First hand experiences makes one want to give advice, he reasons with himself.
Hologram Tony approaches Steve, and he leans away. Sure, it’s a hologram, but he’s certain it will be more than a mildly disturbing if Tony went
"Boy," of course it’s Barton who spoke up, Tony was beginning to understand what kind of man he was, "That was awwwwwwkward. So, anyone up to try that new Thai place? We can hijack one of the Quinjets."
Steve didn’t smile back. He ended the call, hand falling to his side, still staring at Tony with the same blank expression. His heart didn’t just sink, it was falling, so close to the ground.
." Then Fury produced a pen, and Tony signed without reading past line one on page one, and slid the contract toward Fury.
The breath he inhaled was so deep, so sharp, a knife straight to his gut. Steve turned, expression blank, and Tony willed his heart to calm the fuck down. He needed to get the facts, that was just a phone call, there was no way Steve was doing anything behind his back in the name of the
“I’m a SHIELD agent.” Sharon makes a gesture with her hands, like that overrides everything. At some point in his life, Steve thought so too. Now, he values lives over everything else.
Hill patted his shoulder, “Give it up, Iron Man. Once Hawkeye set his eyes on a goal, he’s never going to stop till he gets it.”
Everything else? Steve feels powerless. He knows this trip into the portal is the beginning of everything. This Tony will suffer the same nightmares for years to come. And Steve can only watch as he disappears inside and everyone cheers, not knowing what Tony is about to go through. That he is able to meet his demons for the first time.
Now, standing outside the room of Tony Stark, who will never have the chance to step foot inside, Steve feels somewhat sick. The agent seems to empathise. “Will you be alright, sir?”
It shouldn’t be surprising, then, that Steve’s final words before goodbye are none other than, “I love you 3000 times and more.”
As it turned out, Skrull-Fury had sent out a team of Agents, most probably HYDRA, on a highly classified mission to this town. Hill caught on that something was off, and while Steve, Banner and herself stayed behind to keep the Agents at bay, Romanoff and Barton, both long term SHIELD Agents, took over the mission. It’s a good thing Skrulls don’t seem to be very smart, Hill had observed.
And - And yeah, Tony was dying. Optimistically speaking, he had three months. Minus the drinking and constant usage of the suit, that was. At this rate, one month
And then he was enveloped from all sides again, this time with a few soft whacks. "Oh, Tones, shut up. We’ve been your emergency contacts for years now, haven’t we? If that isn’t commitment, I don’t know what is."
It takes a little more than a decade before they figure a way to neutralise the effects of the Super Serum. There are risks - there’s always risks in science and experiments - but when they think about the reward and how there’s technically nothing much left to lose, they approach it light-heartedly. And maybe it’s some faraway God who takes pity on them, or maybe Tony’s just that much of a genius (Tony
And the second thing he does, it goes without saying. He goes back in time to meet the love of his life, Peggy Carter, reliving the moment Wanda had shown him all those years ago. Except, instead of a nightmare, this is a dream come true; this is reality. He touches her, and she touches him back.
meet with several important figures on a daily basis. Then, because he couldn’t help it, questions like
Steve buys himself brown contact lenses, and finds a part-time job. Sure, Peggy’s assured him that he’s not imposing, but it just doesn’t feel
And Hulk gets him, landing just a few feet away with a roar, dropping the suit of iron. Steve rushes to him, pulling that faceplate away. He can’t wait for Hulk to do that almighty roar. He has to make sure. He has to.
His husband all but snorts, sinking into Steve’s arms, absent-mindedly stroking the golden retriever’s fur. "Course it isn’t."
As he changes into the clothes he wore on this day - with a cap this time, of course (he has to hold on to his shield, because while T’Challa managed to fix it, there simply wasn’t enough time to have everything nanotech-friendly and neither are his civilian clothing), Steve notices that there’s more weapons than what he’s packed, and shakes his head even as he smiles. Fury will never admit it, but he acts like a fatherly figure. There’s even pepper spray -- Gods,
Peggy brings her hand to his cheek, and Steve closes his eyes, allowing himself to lean into the touch. So warm. So real. So
Tony willed his heart to keep it together. He had a damned arc reactor powering his heart, did he not? Not that Steve knew what it actually powered. Not yet.
back. When it’d begun to drizzle (it hadn’t, back then), Steve had wondered if he should’ve just taken his motorcycle. But that wouldn’t be fair to his 2012 self, he’d tell himself.
” about, well, about his message. Tony is probably referring to its content and not the fact that he left Steve a message, but, contrary to popular (read: Tony) belief, he is perfectly capable of improvising from situation to situation.
Steve’s grin almost made Tony want to turn his damned suit off so he couldn’t see. “But you already are a part of this. You’re an Avenger, Iron Man.”
They both take a step backwards, and suddenly, Peggy is out of reach again. But she’s smiling the entire time. When he smiles back, when he turns away, when he loses the smile, he knows she’s still smiling. A single button puts him back in the suit, and he holds in his hand the tiny bottle of Pym Particle. He knows which time he needs to return to. To make things right, even if they’re wrong.
“It’s a… jewellery box?” His statement ends as a question, because he’s not really sure. He hasn’t exactly been around civilian women much even after coming out from the ice. Still the clueless man he was back then, it seems.
“Yeah.” Tony drains his cup and sets it on the coffee table then twists his body to face Steve, the couch crumpling beneath his weight. One leg is curled over the other, his hands now pressing onto his knuckles tight enough Steve sees the skin turn red, but not knuckles gone white. Then, almost hesitantly (because Tony is a force of nature in his own way, he never hesitates on something he’s decided on), Tony leans forward, slow enough that Steve can run if he wants, but why would he do that?
"Sir, incoming." Before JARVIS finished his warning, the ship was smashed into a high-rise building. What the hell moved at this kind of speed? Actually, Tony didn’t give a damn. It could be another alien for all he cared, as long as their enemies were the same. Hearing screams, he shot towards the building where the suit detected civilians. They screamed even louder when they saw him, and Tony was
Rhodey had mentioned it once, a near decade ago, when they were still young enough to go through party after party and partied till they dropped,
There was apparently an alien species named the Skrulls that had infiltrated governments world-wide in an attempt to overtake Earth. And somehow they’d found allies in a terrorist group called HYDRA (Tony recalled hearing the name more than once during some of his cleanup missions, and filed it for intensive researching later), who aided them in assassination and impersonation. Oh, yes; Skrulls could change their appearance
Tony blinked. "Wait, you can’t possibly mean the Skrulls?" He was fairly certain he had been attacked by the Mandarin.
Steve was already on his bike, ready to take off, carrying nothing with him. The bike was his, the clothes he was wearing were his… Tony dared not look to see if Steve was still wearing his ring.
The ride in the jet is mostly silent, and just a little awkward. Sharon doesn’t ask where he’s from, how he knows Peggy, what is that large thing he’s carrying on his back, why he isn’t communicating with SHIELD like agents should, what’s his last name.
The nightmares never truly stop. Even now, albeit rarely, Tony dreams of the Chitauri, of the world’s end, of stepping into a battle 87.4% sure that it will be his end. But Steve is always there when Tony wakes, drenched in sweat and gasping for breath. He will hold Tony close, remind Tony who he is, that he’s safe, they’re here and only this is real.
“Wait!” Tony’s voice cuts in. “I got a nuke coming in. It’s gonna blow in less than a minute. And I know just. where. to. put. it.”
JARVIS was reading his vitals, his usual calm voice sounding almost panicked. It calmed Tony in an odd way, and he didn’t feel the familiar fear whenever he was submerged underwater. In fact, it was stupid, incredibly so, how the last thought he had before he blacked out was,
Tony briefly wished Rhodey was here; he was always better at handling tough situations, at the act of
“My boss.” Steve’s voice was clipped, precise. One of a soldier. “My mission has ended. There is no longer a reason for us to keep pretending.”
Barton had spotted him first, firing an arrow to get his attention. "Hey, Iron Man. Thanks for the save last time."
Steve looked momentarily taken aback, blinking those wide, baby blues before continuing. “No- But also yes. SHIELD is compromised, and we - those of us here - are undercover now, trying to distinguish who we can trust, and who we can’t.”
“Loki,” Thor’s voice booms, loud and full of anger, confusion. “Where’s Loki? Where’s the Tesseract?”
. That was an 1879. The two men who shaped Tony into who he was today laughed from somewhere in Hell. Whatever. He turned back to his shelf collection, picking out another bottle, when JARVIS spoke.
, and like the same fool he was at the tender age of fourteen, Tony listened. So he followed the crowd as they filed out of the meeting room, making small talk that anyone with half of Tony’s brain could tell was tinted with a neon shade of tension.
Then Rhodes appeared, flinging himself out of a cab, still in his pajamas and mismatched sandals. Pepper arrived not long after, Happy frowning in disapproval at Tony as he helped her out of the backseat.
It’s a little past two in the dead of the night, but neither Steve nor Tony dare to shut their eyes and go to sleep, still somewhat in disbelief that after everything, they still have each other. They lay together on Tony’s bed, loosely wrapped in each other to avoid applying pressure to the areas where they’re injured, but close enough to feel their partner’s warmth. In a rare moment of peace, Steve recalls a conversation from (not that) long ago.
for them to come to this point? They have so many flaws, but so God help him, Steve will do it all again in a heartbeat.
“That’s you, isn’t it?” Peggy murmurs from the couch where she’d decided to take a nap on. “On TV. It’s kind of crazy, how time travel is real in the future.”
(And that was why hangovers on 11 of a 10 scale were a norm now, because it was either that or the nightmares. There was no doubt about which Tony preferred to spend the remaining of his days with.)
The following days are rather uneventful, Steve supposes. Even after the events of Civil War (he thinks about that always), Steve and Natasha and Sam has always been going around, looking out for trouble. It’s just who he
Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit he jumped. He wasn’t expecting anyone; who in their right mind would put two prisoners in the same cell? He turned, and there the owner of the voice was, sitting cross-legged on the floor, the two of them separated by… bullet-proof glass?
It seemed to do the trick, and Steve  - no, Cap - straightened himself into a posture Tony was more familiar with, stepping into the centre of the circle. His gaze sought out Tony, and while Tony’s heart did a little jump when their eyes met, he knew Cap couldn’t see his eyes past the armor. As far as he was concerned, Tony was fairly certain Cap didn’t have X-ray eyes.
“Please.” Tony hands Steve a note before he can tell him the price. “Keep the change. I’m in a rush.”
“Mm, it’s good. I’m not surprised you use high quality beans.” Steve has always appreciated coffee, of course. But after working at the cafe, he’s come to understand the different types of blends, ways to brew, how to guess what kind of coffee a customer likes…
Fury, who was standing in the shadows with his arms crossed, shrugged. Something in that moment struck Tony as
, and Tony liked her a little better. She reminded him of Pepper. Ah, crap. Tony gave JARVIS a silent command to send a message to Pepper and Happy that he couldn’t make it to the company today. “So. Fury left a note saying you were unfortunately given the task of briefing me?”
Barton and Hill had shrugged their stories off, claiming it was a walk in the park compared to what they were dealing with now, which Tony agreed wholeheartedly. Still, being trained to become one of the best marksman in a circus,
A Quinjet, as it turned out, was an oddly shaped aircraft that did not look to be a type of jet capable of being developed under the government. Take it from someone who hacked into the Pentagon in high school over a dare. He did get a free cheeseburger out of it, so there was that.
Sure enough, the coordinates on screen are the same ones Steve’s entered. And according to the map, he’s in the back of the Helicarrier. The Warehouse section, or so it reads - described as an old, deserted area of the vessel no agent willingly ventures into. Steve supposes it’s true; he didn’t even know about the existence of this area of the vessel (then again, he’s always followed the rules, never venturing where he was unauthorised to). A perfect spot for Steve to temporarily hide the things he brought with him from the future.
Tony’s hand tighten around his; Steve watches his apple bob as he swallows. “Yeah-- Yeah, you’re right, Pep. It’s gonna be okay, right? God, that was so stupid. Just pretend you--”
Steve jolts when he feels a hand on his shoulder and jerks away in the most suspicious looking way. He doesn’t need to turn to know 2012 him is frowning with a confused look. Steve clears his throat and attempts to deepen his voice. “Actually, your friends… The people dressed in those Halloween looking costumes? They said they won, and they’re going to some guy named Loki…”
"You’re okay, Iron Man. You’re okay." Oddly enough, that meant nothing the same way it meant everything.
And somehow, regardless of how fucked up his life had been looking, Tony was still crept out when he returned to his penthouse one night, weeks after the alien crap, to see that someone had broken in, past JARVIS' security. The bastard was enjoying one of the most expensive views of the city.
i'm so grateful to everyone who's read the fic thus far, please have the epilogue draft i've been preparing since chapter 1. a lot of details are deliberately left out, as they would spoil the contents of the fic. i hope you enjoy!
“I had to leave before I was exposed,” Widow explained. “All I caught was something about Project Insight, which had something to do with the Avengers. I approached Hawkeye and Hill, and we decided it best to include the Avengers. Me, Hawkeye, Cap, the Hulk, and Thor. That was one week ago. Well, Thor’s still attending to Loki’s matters on Asgard, but that’s all of us.”
Tony still looks shaken, but slightly more composed. “Gods, Pep. What if he -- What if he’d tried to take you? And
He was sure his butler, Jarvis, the human one, had put in a few good words for him in Heaven, if one for humans existed, to have kept him alive thus far. He’d gotten so lucky, to have met Rhodes, who tolerated him and called him out and smiled at him and called him
“Huh.” Tony grunts as he gets himself back on feet. Steve’s still on the ground, strength not fully back. Age may just very well be catching up. “’Aight then, see you up there… Uh, where’s my faceplate? JARVIS? Hello?”
With coffee pumping through his veins, Tony had a lot more brain to spare. He folded his arms, pushing out his chest. "Try me."
“Good morning, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS greets the moment he sits up. “It is currently 11:24am, and the temperature is a warm 80 Fahrenheit. The sky is expected to remain clear throughout the day.”
Without rush, Steve goes to retrieve his suit, which still fits him to a T. He stands before the grave of his husband who shares his name, hand over the one button that will send him back where his body belongs. He’s smiling as he looks down at the band around his finger, because there
the final, final part is very much under construction, as i'm unsure where stony will bring me as i continue writing. but for now, this is it for this fic!
So he jogs freely. He’s memorised the key navigation points across the vessel from the blueprint, and throw in his super senses? Steve’s just about 100% sure he’s headed in the right direction. But he’s not exactly alone; he can hear it, the light sound of footsteps. The kind that scream “I’m a bad guy so I have to be silent when I walk” - provided you can ever hear the scream. Steve looks around for doors - any hiding spot, really - but there aren’t any. The footsteps are getting closer, and while Steve would rather not interfere where he doesn’t need to, the situation is unfortunately turning into just that.
Steve, so of course he’d wanted to make surviving their first month as a married couple the most memorable event to date.
(He totally got it; Iron Man was much more useful than Tony Stark. Iron Man could be seen as a pillar of strength, while Tony Stark was one of America’s most fucked up billionaires. It worked out for him anyway, when he recalled the announcement he’d made to the press just earlier that day. One too many people now knew his identity, and he would prefer to keep them close.)
“I’m right here, sir,” JARVIS answers from where the faceplate was tossed. One may say it’s because he’s an AI, but Steve can hear the passive aggressiveness in JARVIS’ monotone. Just like his creator. “Captain Rogers had to pull the faceplate off to perform Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation on you, sir. Seeing as you were in no condition to remove the armor, the captain-”
Steve didn’t speak, but neither did he ride away. Tony wanted to stop himself, to say it was nothing, to just turn away, or maybe give his soon-to-be ex a good beating.
He had just stood staring at where Steve had been with his bike for so long, a distress signal was sent to Rhodes and Pepper. Courtesy of a protocol Tony had set up with JARVIS. Tony loved his AI. He should extend JARVIS’ perimeter. There was no one he trusted more.
FRIDAY’s efficiency is a life-saver, and with the tap of the Search button (he just forgets that exists sometimes, because he’s used to giving commands through his mouth), Steve pulls up a blueprint slash map of Helicarrier and his current location.
he realised. No one ever asked him that, because A) he never entertained the press anymore, and B) no one knew he was Iron Man. But when asked so directly, when he was weak, Tony gave in. He stared right into the camera lens, spewed out some choice words, and dared the Mandarin to attack him at his own home in Malibu. Next to him, Pepper gasped, and he heard her asking them not to air his home address, but it was
See, the thing about Steve and Tony is that they love each other more than they hate each other, but love doesn’t cancel out hate. Disagreements and fights still happen, and even without the Avengers, seeing eye-to-eye on everything is impossible for any couple, let alone these two.
It works like a charm. Rogers’ hand is gone, and his boots crunch on the debris surrounding them. “Loki! Right, I have to get to Loki. Really, I’m very thankful for your help. Please call out to me if you ever see me on the streets, it’d be my honor to share a meal with you.”
And Tony seems to get the wrong idea, he still usually does. He stiffens in Steve’s arms, already trying to squirm himself out and away from the couch. “Uh.” Then, softly, “Fuck. You don’t?” Clearing his throat, in a louder voice, “I mean, of course you don’t. That was just a scenario y’know. You don’t have to take it seriously."
Steve had called out as Tony stood, ready to leave. His heart rate had entered the unhealthy range again, wondering if he was busted.
He’d returned to Malibu after four whole days away on a personal matter to take care of, hours before his ETA, because he was Tony Stark and he was a genius and he could do better than a private jet, and he’d bought Steve a
It was then that he saw the suitcase that was in fact the Iron Man armor in the corner of the room, with an ugly, ripped-from-a-notebook note stuck on it with cheap tape. Sucking in a deep breath, Tony stood, waited for his world to right itself, and wobbled his way to tear the offending slip of paper from his suit.
Even Steve hasn’t thought about that. “Plus, even if you don’t give me a ride, I’ll get there in my own car.”
2012 Rogers sigh, as if exasperated. He probably is. “Alright, Stark. I guess we could all use a meal first? Someone help Doctor Banner regain his senses?”
“Sir,” JARVIS’ voice is like the calm before the storm, “There is an incoming MMS from Mr. Hogan. Would you like to view it now?”
(i suddenly remembered why canon universe isnt that much fun to write from the start; god all the things to flesh out im just trying to get my babies some hurt/comfort smh)
“Shh… You don’t have to say anything, soldier. This is who you are. I wouldn’t have fallen in love with you otherwise.”
A blurry image of the back of a posh looking car appears on screen. Beneath it is a message attached: Killian’s car’s license plate number, boss. Snapped a shot as they left the company. Tony’s eyes sparkled as his lips finally splits into a grin.
He smiles back, teeth and all. Pepper has the ability to make you want to smile at her like that (and that’s probably why she is a perfect match for Tony). “Thank you, Ms. Potts.”
In hindsight, gross image, but at that moment? Yeah, that definitely summed up how he felt, down to the very last toenail.
Right. Steve nods. “I’m in your debt, Ms Potts.” Then he steps in, his heart beating uncharacteristically fast. Maybe because he’s scared to be found out? Because he is technically lying to Tony. And he’s sworn, after Siberia, that never again will he tell Tony a single lie, for his own good or not. But this
But he did not see it then, no sir. He proposed their second month together, and Steve had accepted, and they’d had a private wedding, attended by their closest confidants. There was no need for the world to know; it would just be another thing they disapproved of, and Steve didn’t deserve that. Steve, who’d been orphaned at the wee age of 10, had invited Romanoff and Barton, the first friends he’d made at the orphanage. And being the fool in love he was, Tony asked nothing beyond what he was told.)
Steve has to turn away. “I’m sorry.” For not being to do anything (again) and for asking. “He seemed like a good man.”
(or, that is to say, to make sure Tony will have the extra help if anything does happen - which is what he’s expected from the start).
her, because even though she is right here, this isn’t his timeline, this Peggy Carter isn’t his, not really. Now, the real Steve Rogers has gone under ice, where he will remain for several decades to come. His heart starts thudding hard against his chest, the same nervousness he always feels around Peggy, as the song nears its end.
And he knows what 2012 him will be doing - self reflection on that very chair, as he stares at Coulson’s blood stained trading cards. He also knows where 2012 Tony will be. He knows this is when they need the push in the right direction. So he goes to the Detention section, where Loki had killed Coulson.
And Steve had jerked away, rubbing a hand against his ear, rubbing it like he’d been touched by poison. But it wasn’t that; Steve was just ticklish on a ridiculous level, and on some days Tony’s goatee was his ultimate weapon.
“Well, coming from Captain America himself, that’s quite the compliment.” Hill’s tone was light, but Tony’s seen enough of people like that, like
A face appears on screen. Aldrich Killian. All known info about the man spreads out across the screen. “Analysis results suggest that there is a 98% chance that Aldrich Killian is behind the face we know as the Mandarin.”
. Can’t forget the hurtful words exchanged, even when (because) the Earth is already damned and there’s nothing left to lose.
"Are you sure, Sir?" JARVIS had asked, hesitation from what Tony knew was recognition of the names whose profiles he’d collected. DUM-E wheeled over to him when he gestured at the robot, claws wide in greeting before clasping in joy as its creator gave it pats. DUM-E was without doubt a dummy, but he was a good-natured one.
“If you somehow find yourself needing a safe place to hide for a bit, enter these coordinates.” Those were the words of Tony Stark to the team who travelled back to 2012 for the Infinity Stones. And those are the coordinates they entered into the device as a preset, as a failsafe of sorts. Turns out Steve’s returning to 2012 with these coordinates willingly.
It shocks him at first, how similar the layout is to Tony’s old room back the Avengers facility five years ago. Looking closely, Steve spots some differences. The kind of thing you’ll never notice unless you’re so familiar, so intimate. Photos. Softened edges that make the room children friendly. Drawings. A low, king sized bed. The room of a husband, a father.
. He wished his suit system weren’t down so he could try and dial Steve one last time, even though the number he had was no longer in use, because then at least he’d had died
There’s no answer. Tony wait all but one second. “J? Oh, yeah,” Tong curses. “JARVIS, override DateNight protocol master code zero-nine-two-seven, effective immediately. Speak to me, bud.”
Stark, like how most people do, and for some reason that made his smile more genuine than he’d intended for it to be. It didn’t help that other than his perfect physique, the barista actually looked
All of a sudden, a face pops up on the glass. It’s small and rectangular and there’s a background and oh. A screen. It was a
All three of them read through the email that’s already been sent, and Steve briefly wonders what is the point of looking back at something that cannot be undone, before he recalls that’s what he’s been doing for more than half his life.
she laughs. It’s still a little tense between them, but she’s taking it much better than Steve ever would’ve. Then again, he’s only known a world of war. It should be obvious by now that things are vastly different in this modern world.
“I’m…” Steve actually squirms under her gaze. It’s just a little awkward when he remembers he’s kissed them
"Chitauri? Invasion? When was that? I’ve been out of touch with the outside world. Been stuck here as HYDRA’s guinea pig for ’bout six months now."
Tony snorts in a say that cannot be interpreted any other way. “Well, not proud of it but seems I just had a panic attack because our guy here--” he nods at the large, smiling picture of Aldrich Killian -- “had been
Resigning to his fate, Steve turns - there’s Sharon Carter, staring at him with justified suspicions, and Peggy, on the wheelchair. She’s 88 this year, but she still looks so healthy, and she breaks into a bright, breathtaking smile when she sees him.
. Tony always knows. He simply stands there in silent support, because Steve always shares when he is ready to. And he will, even if that time is not now.
cleared to fly, called to (rightfully) scream at him for breaking his promise to stay out of trouble while she was gone, and how the deal was ruined not because of
“You don’t think it’s wise that we get ourselves in this,” Tony bites out, posture stiff again, and Steve promises himself to
, but hadn’t found the right motivation to resolve the issue. And Pepper, bless her, knew him better than he knew himself at times.
one of SHIELD’s founder.” And Steve smiles at that, because it’s true. She is. “Now, come on in, Steve.”
“Ugh, my head. Did you bring me here when I was out cold. Thank you for your help, sir. But you shouldn’t be in the city now. You need to get out of here, right now.”
Natasha, of course, calls him out on it. She’s sprawled out on the floor, massaging Clint’s calf that he’s spread on the coffee table, legs over Bruce’s. She simply applies more pressure to her ‘massage’, and Clint cries out.
when things happen. Always. At this point, he’s ashamed he hasn’t seen it coming. His hair is an intended mess of curls covering parts of his face as he sees what he hopes is the last civilian on this street safe with the authorities. Even when wrapped, the shield on his back is proving to be cause of conversation. He’s heard a few variations (at least four) of “Doesn’t he look like that dude dressed like Captain America earlier?”.
He forces his body to stop, and to turn to the agent fully, the respect he was raised to show. “Oh, um. Yes, actually.”
went wrong for Tony Stark. What did the Mandarin got up against Iron Man? Two stealth jets with military-class ammo, that’s what. The two aircrafts were identified too late, a series of missiles reducing his mansion to rubble. Tony was only saved by JARVIS and his suit on auto-pilot, sending the hostiles a taste of their own medicine, before the cliff gave way and he fell into icy waters.
had Tony twisting himself, armor whirring at his effort, to look at… Steve? Not-Steve? ’Captain America’ was dressed differently than Romanoff and Barton, in a suit slash costume the colors of, well, America. It made him look more of a performer than a secret spy agent who was also in the frontlines against alien invasions. Though, when put
Words of trust, from Tony. Things hasn’t exactly worked out the way Steve (and probably Tony) wanted it to so far, but hey. One of the ways humans improve is by improvising, right?
A thick stack of paper landed at his feet with a flop.  He blinked twice at it before raising his brows at the intruder. “What’s this?”
“If the world looks like it could use an extra pair of hands,” Steve corrects. His expressions turns serious. “He doesn’t know who you are, Sharon.”
Not forgetting Stane’s last words: "I’ve dissected the arc reactor, Tones. I know what it’s doing to you. Can’t wait to reunite with you in hell, son."
much - it feels that way, at times. It takes him nearly two months, simply because he decided to come alone. Half the time, or more, is spent travelling through air or sea, for he doesn’t come with superpowers. But because Captain America is a man of honor, he eventually completes his task.
“Hey,” Steve greets from the kitchen where he’s washing the vegetables. He thought he should cook once in a while, instead of Peggy always (it’s also because he isn’t fond of peas, but Captain America can’t possibly say that). He turns the tap off, dries his hands, and turn to face her.
Tony picks up his coffee and winks at him. “Thanks, dear. You know, you share the same last name as one of my colleagues, but I think I am liking you way more than him so far.”
. And if he was going to die anyway, why not join a super secret boy band that sounded like they could use his services? It felt nice to be needed, even when it was not as himself.
. Tony could never forget the smile he’d left the world with, to be glad the last thing he’d done while he was alive was to save one Tony Stark, then he was gone, surely on his way to reunite with his family.
At that, Steve smiled, something soft that reminded Tony of date nights, and he had to squeeze his eyes shut to erase the memory. The smile wasn’t directed at him. “Agent Hill was confident that you weren’t one of them. In all the time I’ve known her, her judgement’s never been wrong.”
“Back up there, Cap. Did you just assume I’m gonna be a part of this?” Hill gave him an unimpressed look, which Tony returned within his suit and knew she knew.
Tony turns back to look at him, a brow raised. But Steve can tell he’s amused. “Time travelling isn’t crazy enough, now you wanna talk about fiction-like alternative universes? Damn, Rogers. Didn’t know you were such a dreamer.”
“Phil Coulson was a good man,” It was Agent Hill, her tone inviting no argument. “He lost his life in an effort to subdue Loki.”
The man’s eyes widened by a fraction, posturing stiffening. “The hec’? You know about the aliens? You one of them pretending to be Stark?”
, spent two goods days convincing her it was the right thing to do, she’d be a better CEO than he ever was, he wanted to focus more on his alter ego. And she’d frowned and she’d cried and she’d screamed and she’d laughed,
He does. He helps Sharon in supporting Peggy to her room, and they lay her down on bed with some difficulty, out of breath because gosh, simply existing seems like a chore when you’re past a certain age. Sharon’s phone rings and she leaves while Steve stays. He doesn’t say anything this time, just watches Peggy softly. Everytime he thinks he’s ready to say goodbye to his best girl? Well, he’s not.
deserving of that new toy after all. His life would probably be written with the same ink that first spelt Murphy’s Law.
, but Steve doesn’t want to think too much about it and focuses on demobilizing them as he goes along.
That night, Steve lays on the couch, blue hologram shining on the ceiling as he looks at the folder detailing the relationship of Tony Stark & Pepper Potts. He’s looking, but not really
His chest tingled, a light tickle. The beginnings of an arc reactor meltdown. He ignored it. If he couldn’t find a way out of here, he was as good as dead anyway.
In just a few minutes, with information that Steve brings from the future - collated by Tony himself, they’ve reached an answer. And Steve, once again, finds himself impressed by JARVIS, meaning he is impressed by Tony. This man, his creations, the way his mind works, everything about him... is just… He’s just so
Thor grinned, and it transformed his face from this broody old man to a bright, innocent child. "You would help me stop my brother? I am eternally in your debt, Man of Iron. Trust me; I would not let anything get in your way."
, Tony didn’t know. “I’ll send a message out to any available agent. Agent Hill, can you stay and make sure no one kills each other while I’m gone?”
so happy after… what happened, and we failed to see Rogers was not who he claimed to be. I’m disappointed with myself."
"I volunteered in case they’d find out who you were," she’d explained before he could ask anything. He wondered, briefly, how nice it would be if Hill were his friend, before banishing the thoughts because he wasn’t an elementary school kid.
. Steve doesn’t know what he’ll say if - when? - he sees her. He doesn’t even know if he will be able to say anything--
In which Steve tries too hard to keep things canon compliant and screws up. Potential domino and-or butterfly effect? Totally.
"Play the latest message, J." JARVIS didn’t bother to reply, simply did as told. Pepper’s shrill voice rang from the ceiling, chilling him to the bone.
When Steve feels his feet on the ground again, he no longer feels the nauseousness that usually accompanies the time-heist. Then again, he’s seen and experienced the weirdest of things. Not to mention he’s a super soldier with a purpose. And that, he’s learnt from Bucky, “makes him an even stronger soldier than he already is”.
"Well, welcome aboard," Barton gave a mock salute, "Just missing one more guy now. He should be here soon." And it hit him.
. But what’s different is this Steve worked and earned his keep, because he wants to and not out of some form of duty.
"Don’t be," Widow said, her denemor a deadly calm. "A soldier lives on even in death when those left behind carry on the tales of his heroics."
Best to get straight to the point, right? Stick to the business, and there’s a smaller chance of him screwing this up. “It’s regarding the Mandarin.”
Steve had told him for the sake of getting the scepter. He just hopes that doesn’t come back and bite him in the ass as well.
), “I have sent the compiled information to Nick Fury’s personal email address. Here is a copy of the attached information.”
If fewer people start showing up in the following years, Steve and Tony don’t talk about that too. Instead, they talk about how Morgan’s doing in boarding school, about which corner of the world they should escape to during her next break. And sometimes, when they find the other in a corner tear stricken, they join their husband and mourn together.
“I know.” Steve gives an apologetic smile, because there’s not much he dares to say. Something tells him if he screws up here, in this divergent timeline, he’d never be able to live with himself. “You just have to trust me. That man on the screen is Captain America. And I’m just Steve Rogers.”
“Hey, Peggy.” His voice seems too loud in this house, which he now is able to see that it’s small. Smaller than what he’s grown used to, but it’s home. His steps are quiet, and when he reaches Peggy his words still seem to echo in his ears. She turns to him in slow motion, breaks into a smile. This Peggy smiles a lot. Her hair may be gray, her skin may be wrinkled, but when she says, “Steve.”, it’s like no time has been lost, like he’s never gone under the ice for eighty years.
can reschedule,” Tony whines with a pout that is, for a lack of better word, adorable. It reminds Steve of the puppy his old neighbor had, a mischievous little devil spending most of its time digging into
(It was the words, “And yet money can’t buy back the lives we’d lost can it!” that struck Tony to his core, made him hurt even now, because he of all people knew that . And he’d clamped his mouth shut, and turned to leave, leaving the money on the counter, because it was a fucking tip the barista deserved.)
Tony hums as he looks across screen to screen, article to article, picture to picture. His brows pinch together, deep in thought. Steve really hopes what he’s given is good enough. Another part of him, the part that admires the genius, thinks he may have given too much.
“Ah, JARVIS. Ever the efficient one,” Thor praises with a smile. The camera above the TV nods in greeting.
could know who he was. No one could know Tony Stark was Iron Man. He couldn’t trust anyone, not outside of Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, and his bots. No one could get their hands on the suit and weaponise it and kill more innocents. Everything hurt, but Tony’s panic triumphed the pain and he croaked out,
Steve waits. And waits. Thor lands beside him, nodding. “Close it.” He says it confidently, because he knows Tony will make it through. And there he is -- falling without slowing.
he’s living in. He reads through the in-depth profiles of his teammates, and wow, who knew Clint used to be deaf, and that one of Stark Industries’ failed experiments years back turned out to be the breakthrough needed for one of the first cures mankind had for hearing loss? Steve sure as hell didn’t.
“And, uh,” Steve clears his throat, because what he’s about to say next is a topic he doesn’t see himself getting used to,
For what Steve thinks may be the first time ever, JARVIS doesn’t answer Tony immediately. But because he’s Tony’s creation, the creator doesn’t have to repeat himself before the AI catches on. “Of course. Just one moment, Sir.”
Steve glances around his surroundings - he instantly recognises the SHIELD Helicarrier he’d spent much of his time on after he was recovered from the ice. The walls, the smell, the logo on the boxes he’s surrounded with. He feels the beginning of a panic attack when he thinks he’ll be found at any given second because
“I convinced her of it. I’m a handful, and now I’m even more dangerous to be around. Anywhere is safer than being with me now, and she
And that’s when Steve knows Tony’s wheels are turning, he’s putting the pieces together, he’s getting it.
It’s strange, how you can watch someone die twice, and feel two completely different emotions each time.
could take over about right now?” She was borderline glaring at Steve, somehow still managing to pass it as a heated stare. Steve wasn’t looking at her though; he’d found a rock to kick at, and was focused on it like it was mankind’s last hope.
another human being. But Rhodey was out on a mission for the government, and even though Tony knew he’d rush back, his friend’s allegiance was to his country first.
Instead, because he must be more masochistic than he’d thought, "...Steve, can I just know one thing?"
He (thankfully) didn’t get the chance to dwell on it for they’d arrived at their destination, disappointingly still somewhere in the States, if Tony’s tech was anything to go by. (And JARVIS, to his credit, Tony realised, had remained silent since Steve’s appearance on the Helicarrier. If he’d said anything, it would’ve taken one second to put the pieces together. There was no living soul who had JARVIS’ voice. Not a single one.)
Truth is, Steve would rather take this upon himself. To find and destroy Aldrich Killian by himself. Ignoring the fact that Steve has no idea where Killian currently
Her eyes sparkle with interest, but Steve doesn’t share her excitement. What brought him back isn’t anything he’d want to share proudly. He’s here to fulfill the final wish of a dear, dead friend.
Steve had started being actively fed current news a while before the whole Mandarin attacks thing blew up. But back then, he hadn’t known Tony would’ve gotten involved. Nobody did. Steve couldn’t do anything, because by the time news of Tony Stark having gone missing hit the papers after an attack on his mansion, he was already presumed dead. And Steve? A part of him grieved, a part of him was in disbelief, but he had gone on with his missions, because there were still things he had to do.
It was only when Thor flew, his hammer leading him, and brought down lightning upon the Chitauri, that Tony truly believed him.
“No,” Tony snaps. From his tone alone, Steve can guess he’s sulking, hand on his hip and staring with a ’I dare you to talk back to me’ look. “Shawarma first. I called ahead, don’t make me cancel on them.”
He pales almost comically; Steve bites down on his cheeks to stop from breaking into a goofy grin, while on his lap Tony just bursts out laughing. “Jesus Barton, you look ridiculous. I hope you caught an image of that, J.”
Disney plush since the big oaf seemed to like it so much, and there Steve was, by his bike in their backyard, his back to Tony and his name on Tony’s lips, and-
The machine Steve didn’t realise could move squeaks in what may be a nod, wheeling its way to the mini kitchen where three coffee maker sits. Tony scribbles something on a sticky bite, and drops the pen, turning to face Steve.
Steve’s forgotten about the transceiver in his ear he took from his counterpart until a sound close to the aftermath of an explosion has him jerking and reaching to pull the thing
So they walked, shoulder to shoulder, JARVIS scanning everything in sight and beyond, keeping Tony updated in the safety of his suit. SHIELD files and data filled his screen; he asked innocent questions and tried to match Hill’s answers to what he saw. He was on board the Helicarrier - a SHIELD aerial carrier that also acted as a ship, the way it did now. Parts of its engines seemed to be damaged,
His mind and mouth mixed the order up. Deep, frowning eyes turn to look at him. Yup, definitely should’ve gone with Stark. They aren’t close enough yet, not before Rogers meet the Winter Soldier and the Avengers begin raiding HYDRA bases together after the entire SHIELD incident. Steve tries for a polite smile when all he wants is to beam at his friend. “Hi.”
Tony only left Happy’s bedside 40 hours later, after the doctor, nurses, Pepper, and JARVIS reassured him a few dozen times that his condition was stable, and he would make a full recovery. He needed coffee, he decided.
Tony’s invention, after all, he should know himself well enough for a thousand page essay) Steve hasn’t gone through a quarter of it by the day Sharon returns, a week and two days after the invasion.
, for God’s sake. Steve spots the piano platform easily enough - as if anyone could miss it - and the spiral set of stairs leading down to a basement where Tony’s workshop surely is. There’s the clacking of heels, and a strawberry blonde head emerged.
with a bouquet and marched into the coffee shop, strides confident when he felt anything but, and there the barista was, preparing for the day, and without looking up he’d said, “I’m sorry, we’re not open for another…” The words had died when he saw Tony, eyes widening comically.
sign a contract before reading it, so probably not. No, he was not going to regret this. He had promised himself, as he watched Obie (
Steve takes on a job close to Peggy’s home. It’s a warehouse, mostly manual labor, which he’s fine with. He has the transceiver in his shirt pocket at all times, alongside the storage device (he only ever wears polo shirts with chest pockets, because that’s all Peggy’s late husband used to wear, and it so happens that they didn’t have uniforms for part-timers). On his break, when he’s munching on bread or just sitting in a corner resting, he places the transceiver in his ear, listening to nothing. Just for comfort. Something familiar.
(And because Tony couldn’t help it, he had to narrate the history part, of which Rogers - Steve, short for Steven, was his name - turned out to be the sweetest cinnamon roll who
said goodbye to her a second time. Well, more like another 70 years to her, but can he really bring himself to do this to her, to them, again? Third time’s the charm, they say. But Steve has a feeling the kind of
Steve sprints to his counterpart, and… Yeah, he’s knocked out cold, a cut under his left cheek, another across his bottom lip. Some gashes where machinery cut into his suit. Steve scans the area. Good; it seems mostly evacuated. Nobody’s here to see him carry his counterpart slash doppelganger (again, all depending on who you ask) toward the sounds of battle.
The first thing Steve does upon the solo time-heist, of course, is to return the Stones to their rightful places. There is nothing worth risking the peace they’ve already sacrificed so much for.
He and Tony stare at each other for a moment. Then Tony shrugs and waggles his armored fingers. “Need a lift?”
Steve didn’t even blink as he answered, "To keep an eye on Tony Stark. The government was concerned about whether you would be a liability after Afghanistan."
Jesus. What had Tony signed up for? He skimmed through the same file he had signed but not yet read, marking details that might be of use in the future, and moved on to the important bit - the other members.
Of course, there’s no way Steve could’ve known. How could he? The deflected beams take down some of the Chitauri, but all it takes is that one beam which breaks a lamp post. The broken half of the post falls, crashing into a Chitauri on its Chariot. The Chariot loses control, spinning till it finally explodes.
Tony is so visibly stiff as he looks at all the words, images, videos. It’s obvious it’s not the first time he’s seeing them; possibly the dozenth, at least. Steve’s certain a good percentage of what he’s looking at is confidential material, but knows by now that it’s not something worth questioning. Instead, he settles for a raised brow,
"Positive, J." Tony was sure he would come to regret this decision some day, before or after his death, but he knew. This was the right thing to do, the first step toward trust on his end.
“Don’t hold it against me,” he apologises and moves on before he starts feeling bad for them. It surprises him when he faces even more agents - what are they doing all the way back here? There’s nothing here, unless there actually
Surprisingly, Tony flops next to him as he takes the first sip of the coffee (it’s not black; Tony had added sweetener, and that’s… kinda sweet, Steve thinks). They share a somewhat comfortable moment without words. Then again Steve knows that silence never lasts long with Tony.
Peggy seems to read his mind. “Howard had retrieved it, after you were deemed… deceased. It wasn’t hard, everyone knew you were special to him. Then you showed up, and we had that dance. I never told him, but I asked him for this. Just in case. And here we are. There may be two Steves now, Steve, but this? It’s for you, who came back for our dance.”
“I love you too.” There’s tears in her eyes as she answers, and Steve almost chooses to stay. But he can’t. He won’t. He’s already made his choice. He has to do it - who else will?
As Steve gets his fingerprint scanned for exit, there’s another aftershock, likely caused by the failure of the second engine. This time, he manages to hold his ground and the door slides open. Steve is hiding behind the walls in case of any patrols, but then again, even if there were, they’re all likely headed to where the fight is.
Then Tony smiled, tried to come up with a smartass remark, failed, before finally allowing himself to let out an ugly, painful sob.
Steve’s moment doesn’t last. When he remembers what comes next, Steve doubles back to the spot he’s arrived in, digs up his stuff, and takes one of the jets.
"You need to go home and rest," Pepper told him sternly, even though dark circles were prominent under her concealer. "Rhodey is touching down in twenty minutes."
Steve taps the star on his chest and he’s back in civilian clothing, though he lost the cap. Why isn’t there a cap that makes use of nanotech, or a costume that comes with a stash of caps? Oh, right. Cause they aren’t custom made for him. Dammit. He picks up a ripped curtain and clumsily wraps his shield, dropping it at his feet.
“Cap, you okay?” Tony’s rubbing his shoulders in soothing circles, and wow, it feels good. Steve actually closes his eyes and allows himself to enjoy the sensation for a few guilt filled moments, before nodding and leaning away from the touch.
Tony woke almost peacefully. He was lying face up on cold concrete floor, the ceiling just as bland as the empty cell he was locked in. It was strangely so hospital
He looked down at his hands, only realising then that he was fiddling with his wedding band. Suddenly exasperated, Tony wiped a hand down his face. It came off greasy, because he hadn’t showered for over twenty four hours. "Really, it’s fine. It’s my fault for seeing something was wrong, y’know? Tony Stark and commitment should never be in the same sentence…"
The Hulk. That sounded familiar. Tony couldn’t quite put it together yet. Why was that again? Oh right; he had a hangover. And he hadn’t had coffee in over twelve hours. Coffee. Something about that made his mind fizzle too. Why was his heart pounding so quickly, his blood a loud rush in his ears?
is Steve’s first thought. But thinking back now, his WWII memories are getting further, replaced by newer memories. And oddly enough, he finds himself to be okay with that. “Just like old days.”
, keeps him away from the kitchen. Within 3 days of moving into the tower, Tony had equipped every working piece of machinery in the kitchen with Anti-Steve codes, making them zap when they feel Steve’s fingers curl around them (somehow, it happens even with gloves; technology is incredible).
He can never forget the first time he’s had his arms around Tony in two years, looking so thin, hollow,
“Alright. I won’t pry.” She straightens herself, hands by her side. Steve’s actually taken aback. Sharon Carter, if not anything else, is persistent. “You won’t?”
Steve slams down on the button, and there he goes. Captain America’s last chance with Iron Man. Steve Roger with Tony Stark. What was it he’d said? Oh, yeah.
He was met with silence as he steadied himself, face burning an even hotter shade of red than his suit of armor. Was that a muffled snort he heard from Hill’s direction? Probably not.
Steve, either unaware or uncaring to Tony’s state (or both), pulled a neatly folded piece of paper from his chest pocket. It didn’t take a genius mind to figure out what it was.
“Oh.” Tony seems to go complete slack upon hearing that, letting himself go limp in Steve’s arms. “Thank fuck. Thought I was gonna be rejected before I could even get out the ring.”
Tony found the turn he needed to get back to the present as Fury excused himself, and there was a physical shift in the mood as everyone seemed to relax once the door closed behind him. Tony realised the odd feeling from earlier to be tension in the way Barton had interacted with Fury. Even Captain America seemed more at ease, which begged the question of
Then his smile falters as he recalls his primary objective -- Sure, the Mandarin is surely a cause for concern, but the whole reason he’s back here? It’s to make sure Pepper’s happy with Happy, and Tony will be okay with that. Whatever it takes, even if it’s Tony directing all the anger at Steve (he can understand, really; seeing Peggy and the legacy she left behind is amazing, but knowing he was not by her side all that time kills him).
Steve reaches into his chest pocket for the SHIELD flash drive he’d inputted information on the Mandarin. It’s one of Peggy’s flash drive, actually; she’d be kind enough to help him with the tech… Because let’s face it, all the tech stuff… It was just more Tony. Steve can admit he’s not good with
. Both were dressed in full black, weapons in both hands, cuts and blood and dust covering bare skin. They looked like soldiers. Like
. Right, Steve can do that. The loud thudding in his ears cease, and there’s Tony, frowning at him. Next to him stands Pepper, looking equally concerned. Gods, he hasn’t even heard Pepper come down? What is
Tony pouts. “I don’t like that tone. J, buddy, turn on the news, will you? Let’s show the Capsicle how much of a genius I really am.”
“Takeaway. Hot coffee. Black.” He says simply. Steve doesn’t recognise him. Of course; that’s part of the reason for the disguise. To
“J, can you analyse this,” Tony points at a green lit video, “this, and this? See if the readings match up.” The rest of the stuff are cleared as JARVIS begins working. As a loading screen appears, Tony turns to Steve, and he recognises the skeptical look.
They go from waking at dawn to take walks together to waking at high noon to make brunch together. Their once active sex life slows to an eventual halt, where they are content with holding each other’s hands and watching the sunset together. Even then, they never forget.
That’s how Steve ends up spending a night in Tony’s house in Malibu, nearly ten years in the past, ten years since it’s destroyed.
2012 Rogers is trying to kick the door open. Steve rolls his eyes and pulls it open, because the door is perfectly functioning and was not locked. Trying to look anywhere but himself, Steve extends a hand and he grips himself tightly, pulling him out of the car. The moment 2012 Rogers is on his feet, Steve turns his back on him, trying to look smaller and anything but Captain America.
“Uh, hi guys,” he managed to force out as he took his first glance of the room - a small meeting room, it was. Around the table sat familiar and unfamiliar faces, paused mid conversation as their attention was on Tony. Panes of glass on the other side of the room gave them the view out at sea. “I’m Iron Man.”
Tony almost laughed in his face. He’d been in grave danger since it was decided he was to be born to one Howard Stark. He was in grave danger right now, just to himself, because he was dying, because he was accelerating his death by standing here in this moment as Iron Man. It was some form of miracle that Tony remained silent, simply inclined his head, waiting for Steve to elaborate.
after Tony was forced to kill Obi and found out he was slowly being poisoned to death from the only thing keeping him alive. This was his life now. Probably a small part of a plan that karma had for him after all the years Stark Industries had been producing destructive weapons.
“I’m not good with words, I guess y’know that by now. This is to thank you for kinda indirectly saving us from Killian, and for back then.”
Of all the things, Steve didn’t expect problems security-wise. He’s Captain America. An Avenger. Tony Stark’s colleague. Why won’t he be granted access? Because he’s from 2023 and doesn’t have the resources he’s supposed to (duh!, an image of Tony mocks him). Again, shit. Truly, he’s feeling like he’s on the top of the world. Master Tactician and Strategist, they call him. He’ll snort at it some other time.
That’s good enough for Steve. They stare at each other in silence. Tony’s eyes seem to darken over the seconds until his gaze becomes somewhat intense. Steve swallows, wondering if he should say something. As if sensing his discomfort(though that is obviously impossible; they can both see the loading bar progress), JARVIS speaks up then. “Sir, the analysis is complete.”
“Neither am I,” Steve assures. “He’s got the same blood on his hands as Loki does. But right now we’ve got to put that aside and get this done. Now, Loki needs a power source. If we can put together a list…”
Rhodes swore, a creative string of words Tony hadn’t heard since he returned from his presumed death. Pepper released a sharp breath, eyes three shades darker than he was used to.
It wasn’t old news. He liked spectators witnessing his success, but he liked surprising people he loved more. He liked making the people he liked happy. And he
And the way Rhodey’s eyes had softened, the loose smile that came to him because he was tipsy while Tony was close to toppling, made him realise
“FRIDAY, are you here?” He whispers. There’s no answer. Of course there isn’t. FRIDAY’s already told him she can’t be uploaded into this tiny, incomplete device. Steve was just hoping - the thing he does best. Have hope. When it becomes clear he’s alone, he gives the softest of sighs before navigating through the contents. Steve is adamant about ignoring the section labelled
“It’s something I call the Avengers Initiative. I’m Nick Fury, Director of SHIELD. And I would like Iron Man to join the Avengers.”
It didn’t really click in yet, even as a third person, a man in a purple shirt, spoke up in a soft voice. "Hi. Um, I guess people call me… The Hulk."
They reached the end of the hallway, stopping before a closed door that looked about as plain as all the other days. There was muffled sounds of casual conversation from the other side. Hill stepped aside, gesturing Tony forward. "The Avengers are waiting for you inside, Iron Man."
“You’re all ganging up on me!” Clint digs his face into Bruce’s shoulder. “We have the worst team Mom
Something shifts in Tony’s eyes, but before Steve can guess what, he lowers his gaze and sniffs once. “Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.” Then he backs away fully, arm’s length like they usually sit.
Tony managed a snort at that. "He’s some sort of secret government spy, Happy. I don’t think he’ll be taken down too easily."
Tony, who has been looking back and forth between them, deepens his frown. “Okay, I’m gonna have to stop you right there. Pep, honey, please hold on a moment while I try and have a conversation with the walking fossil, okay?”
But then there is a beep, and the door slides open. Seeing that, Tony turns, frown back in place. “Hey, who allowed--
“Well… If you’re seeing this, then I suppose my hunch was right in the end. I died, and the world is at peace, yeah? I mean, it better be at peace. There’s nothing else me and Nat would willingly die for, you know? What am I saying,
, but the Avengers have also made some connections with powerful news stations, who convey their blessings and swear to keep reporters off their backs. Steve thinks that’s largely thanks to Pepper, and he thinks Tony knows that too, but that’s just one of the many things they’re content with keeping to themselves.
“Tony?” His voice comes out small, like the sickly boy from Brooklyn who isn’t sure whether he’ll make it through the day. Steve doesn’t dare open his eyes, like he thinks once he does, he’ll find himself alone in a dark alley, and he can’t take that. But Tony
Remember what I said about canon compliance? Steve doesn’t seem to agree. I guess he wasn’t lying when he said he’s way past asking permission.
if there's any specific scene you amazing people would like covered, please feel free to lmk as well <3
The man slash alien stood, tossing his hammer into the air and catching it effortlessly as though it weighed nothing. "I am Thor of Asgard, the God of Thunder. Worry not; I am on the side of mankind. This is the work of my brother, Loki, and I am working with the honorable members of SHIELD to destroy the Chitauri army."
Tony walks in on his second part time job one morning - a coffee shop, because he gets to wear a uniform (the material is thick, hiding the protruding star on his chest) and cap and get intel - nearly two months after the invasion. He’s in his usual pair shades, matched with a T-shirt and pair of jeans Steve’s seen rather commonly during his stay at the Avengers tower.
Peggy opens the closet door, and while her eyes are smiling, her voice isn’t as bright as it was before. Her lips are still curled upwards as she offers Steve a hand, pulling him back out to the open. This is how it’d be if he wants to stay in the past, won’t it? Being secretive, making sure he isn’t found out.
so here is part 1 of an intermission, things that (mostly) take place BTS/weren't shown on screen. also, we finally find out what 2023 tony asked of steve! hope you enjoy chapter 3!
“Thor, man, seriously?” Moments after he says that, Steve can see - sense - 2012 him begin to stir faintly from the corner of his eyes, even as Tony manages to sit himself up with a very Tony look on his face.
Pepper nodded, cheeks flushed and eyes wet, looking so frustrated and upset Tony just wanted to hug her better. Pepper had that effect on others. "We were just so happy to see
Months of peace, calm, and planning later, news of the Mandarin has reached the people. Steve knows it’s time to act.
, he should never talk about emotions like that to someone else ever again. Even to his sweetest Honeybear, it was too high a hurdle. A damned wall, if you would.
that’s how it works. Steve hasn’t exactly been contributing or giving a say as far as aesthetics are concerned; that’s Tony’s natural element, and Steve’s more than happy to indulge his soon-to-be husband (God, his
Tony had been an Avenger for less than 24 hours, and he already wished that he was back in his penthouse when he’d found the Skrull-Fury, told him to fuck off, and enjoy his damned drink. Instead, here he was with his ex-husband who didn’t know Iron Man was Tony, and a group of people who were part of a government agency that sent Steve to him in the first place. And now he was part of said group on a mission to save said agency (and the world) from aliens. Karma, it was definitely karma for the years he’d actively participated in the development of deadly weapons.
) would take Fury on his offer, then Tony would love to shower them with cash (love), because that was something he would absolutely do. You know, before he was kidnapped and tortured and fell in love and married and divorced and killed the closest thing he had to a father figure and found out he was
"I’ve already signed the divorce papers. All the money you’ve spent on me the past few months will be transferred back to your account once we receive confirmation on the divorce."
His phone vibrates as he’s saying good-bye to Peggy. Sharon and he had decided to hire a nurse to help with her worsening condition (Steve can’t bear to see her like that, as the serum in his body keeps him so damned fit). Peggy’s lost most of her fats, leaving her with skin and bones. Similar to what he’s seen of her for the same time. He hands the nurse a sum of money, not too little, because he doesn’t know when he’ll be back. Sharon’s reply is short and sharp, no greetings, just straight to the point:
Steve swallows, lowers his head, and punches in Tony’s order. “Sorry, sir. Hot coffee, black, takeaway, yes?”
Tony had just slipped his personal phone number to the woman with wavy chocolate brown hair and a wicked smile.
) motorcycle at the entrance. At least, he thinks it’s the entrance. It looks more like a main gate into a mall more than anything. He steps before what he believes is a door, but there is no handle to push or pull. It’s not an automatic sliding door either. There is, however, a card reader. Clearly, nothing is happening until he magically has clearance into billionaire Tony Stark’s mansion.
Getting a job is easy enough with his super strength, and looks, according to to some of his interviewers. He’s never really considered himself handsome. People like Bucky, Sam are handsome in his eyes. Thor, at times. Tony, when he isn’t ruining his life.
“It’s not safe.” He’s seen the destruction the Chitauri caused. He doesn’t need to relive that knowing there’s one more acquaintance of his there.
what?" He might be a hallucination, but despite how much Tony drank that night, he knew he wasn't that drunk. The bastard turned, an eyepatch making his grumpy face seem even more miserable, and
Tony smiled, a big yet private smile behind the suit, as he chattered animatedly with the Hulk. He was clearly a man of culture. By the five minute mark, Tony was sure he’d found himself a science buddy.
"Not exactly," Widow spoke up. "Just saying, but you might want to sit down for this. It’s a little more complicated than aliens led by the God of Mischief invading New York."
Tony knew. He’d lived through it, during Afghanistan. Saw the bodies, smelled the blood. His company had been the cause of so much of
Mainly because he realises he doesn’t exactly have a plan, Steve decides to unlock the briefcase. Opening it, he sees the cushioning specially designed to contain the six Infinity Stones. They’re empty now, the Stones restored to their rightful time and place. Steve removes the cushioning to reveal a second layer - there are a few sets of clothing he’s packed for travelling where he’d needed to keep a low profile, including his old suits, which takes up nearly no space thanks to nanotech. They’re reduced to the star on his chest, similar to Tony’s arc reactor.
Videos - footages - pinged around him. People running, screaming. The largest screen, though, of a news station going Live, was a footage of New York skies, a large wormhole overseeing the city. And
meant the same thing, now he knew it didn’t). He scolded himself for going off track again, choosing one thing to focus on. "Coulson?"
And because Tony still couldn’t understand what was going on, “Uhhh, I’m usually all for breaking the rules, but I don’t really know what’s going on and -”
The Hulk turned out to be Dr. Bruce Banner, a scientist who Tony held in high regard but failed to recognise before that moment. He did look rather different from the mandatory photos on his research papers. Gamma radiation did things to people, and not good things, Banner had explained. Tony had reached for his arc reactor unconsciously, knowing exactly what he meant. At least he didn’t turn big and green, something Tony’d like to run tests on with Banner, if he had the time.
He still hasn’t really registered Tony’s words when he hears, “And yeah, that’s about all I wanted to say. It’s your choice, Cap. No pressure. No sarcasm, by the way, just in case you were wondering.”
"Sir, you heart rate is highly above normal. My diagnosis is that you are experiencing a panic attack from the news regarding Mr. Hogan. If I may recommend the 4-7-8 breathing exercise…"
Steve winces. He did know, of course. You don’t spend months reading up files and articles and journal entries on someone(s) and
That night, after a long conference call about Iron Man and another video call with Pepper and Rhodey involving a lot of mother hen-ing, was the first night Tony had a dream where no one was dying in a long time. It was terrifying, how quickly he’d let the group of strangers in. Maybe Rhodey and JARVIS were onto something after all.
Tony will try to pretend he doesn’t have feelings by acting tough. Steve will allow it, just this time. He’s missed all of these interactions more than he had been willing to admit. Things have been so hard for too long, he’s forgotten what it’s like to breathe easy. “Sure you are, Tony.”
Rather than just the usual plain white text and blue glowing edges, there are information that are greyed, some in red, some green lit. Steve recognises Tony’s (or more like international) colors; those in grey are unconfirmed theories, red are proven wrong by reliable sources, and green… Well, green obviously means Tony has some kind of master plan that involves blowing up things approved.
It was his eyes that Tony noticed first (always, it was always his eyes) and had him doubting the man’s identity. Even behind the cowl that looked suffocating at best, he could see how distant and misty Steve-not-Steve’s eyes were. Tony recognised the look, one he’d seen plenty as Iron Man; the look of someone who had lost too much. He was more than tense; shoulders hunched, jaw clenched so tight Tony could see the whites of his jawbone, and sprouting a
Tony tenses at that, sitting straighter, jaw tightening. “SHIELD’s onto Mandarin? Dammit, and Rhodey
"You do, Sir," the JARVIS that was installed in his watch had chipped in, a pleasant hum to his voice.
. Help a man out, I just fell out of a wormhole to save mankind, and I really need some air here, okay?”
. And now he needed information. No one knew for sure how long HYDRA had existed within SHIELD, and the number of agents Hill, the real Fury’s right-hand, could say she trusted with utmost confidence to be SHIELD, came down to a pitiful, realistic single digit.
“C’mon, Tony,” Steve pulls the man closer to him, setting his head on Tony’s shoulder and closing his eyes. It’s easy to forget the cuts and bruises over his body when he feels like this. At peace.  “Just imagine. If the world
private. There are lesser people here than Steve is used to, but then again, that was before everything went to shit. Compared to the last gathering he’s been around, this is… good. Better than good. It’s his wedding day, after all.
Steve takes the couch. Of course he did - Tony’s mansion is private, and there is only one master bedroom, which is somewhat of a relief to know. Even then, the couch is long and big and comfy enough that it passes as a single bed. Steve wakes up comfortable, and he notices the sun is high in the sky. Usually, he’ll be awake before dawn to check on Peggy, then head for a jog, and prepare breakfast for the both of them.
Only then did Tony take in the sight of his fellow prisoner fully. His hair had grown past shoulder length, tangled and uncared for. The upper half of his body was bare, revealing scarred skin and bruises that looked fresh. And when he turned, just at the right angle, Tony could see metal where flesh was supposed to be his left arm. "Jesus Christ. What the hell happened to you?"
Thor saves Steve the trouble. “I must return to Asgard. My father will know ways to track the Tesseract’s energy and lead us to Loki.”
“Don’t get all smart with me just cause I give you all this leeway, J. What was I thinking?” Tony adds, muttering more to himself, then almost like an afterthought, he turns to Steve, “See you up there,  Cap. Don’t take too long.” And he’s gone. Leaving Steve and his counterpart. Again.
“Steve! You’d never guess what I found!” And Tony had taken him by the hand, fingers entangled, and he was led to a clearing with the most breathtaking sight of the stars he’d ever seen since he was a boy.
hold a press conference, and it was only a matter of time before they found out the relationship between them. Better sooner than later, Tony had decided after the Avengers were finished reintroducing themselves.
“I’m Agent Maria Hill.” Pointing to what was likely a security pass with a younger version of her face on it, “Director Fury and I are the only ones with a Level 10 and 9 clearance, and the only ones in SHIELD who know Iron Man is Tony Stark. Excluding Iron Man himself, of course.”
No, Steve thinks. He can’t let Tony just walk away from him like this. The Avengers need to work together. He needs to prompt the genius out to the surface. But… How?
Steve looks up at Thor. He looks… apologetic. A little sad, maybe. But nothing close to how Thor grieved over Natasha and Tony back in 2023. That’s when Hulk roars, and Tony-- the bastard’s eyes shoot open, wide and confused as they dart around.
"Not in two more days," he answered, distracted. He stood and walked over, knocking experimentally against the transparent wall. "I’ve signed the rights over to my PA to take over the company."
He was relaxing on the chair furthest from the door, legs propped onto the table, hands behind his head. “Man, Director, you didn’t mention about the latest addition to the team?”
. That was… a lot. But then again, they were chatting while an alien army - the Chitauri, Thor called them - terrorised New York. So what if this alien shared the same name and choice of weapon as a God from human myths? Tony filtered out the useless bits, focusing on what was important. Pepper would be so proud of him. Thor was on his side, his brother was the mastermind, and there was some SHIELD organisation also dealing with the threat. Great, he could use that information.
- Tony never… they’d never… Let’s just say the faux flesh that hid the arc reactor from public eye was not something Tony wanted to explain to the hot guy he’d known for one month, thank you very much. And Steve, ever the gentleman, had never made any inappropriate moves on Tony, unknowing of the existence of the device.
"Who was that?" Tony cursed how it came out a croak, a plea. Weak. He’d never had to worry about sounding weak with Steve.
100%, apparently, because Tony is actually speaking English. Terms that a normal human - Steve - can understand. Or at least, he should, because he doesn’t. He thinks he doesn’t, because
So the next morning, he’d shown up to the coffee shop with fresh flowers in hands, because if there’s one thing his Mom taught him, it’s that the language of flowers were one of the most heart-felt things in the world. And Tony’d be damned if he didn’t listen to his mother, who managed to get
“With SHIELD,” Sharon repeats. Steve misses the Sharon he knows. His neighbor, his colleague, his friend. “
True enough, someone waited outside his room. A woman dressed in a similar fashion as Romanoff and Barton during the Chitauri invasion. When she noticed him, she straightened what was already a straight posture, nodding in acknowledgement.
His first reaction was to moan, a soft, content sound. Then he swallowed it before it could be heard by Steve, because there was no doubt the coffee was a Steve Rogers brew. Tony had flown so many places, drank so much coffee, but no one made coffee like the way Steve did. It was honestly ruining the one good thing Tony had going in his life. He had the strangest urge to crawl into a corner and cry; something to do with nostalgia, perhaps. Or pain.
Once he hits private land, Steve goes even faster, because hey, who’s watching him now? He’s still surprised when he makes record time; it’s only nightfall of the same day he’s left. To be fair, he left early. Around five thirty in the morning, when the neighborhood is still quiet, and no one will see him toss himself into the forest on a motorcycle.
Unsurprisingly, the press was waiting, crowding around his car, and as soon as he was within sights, him. Security guards from the entrance rushed to his aid, but it did nothing to stop the cameras flashing and questions flying. Tony ignored them all, except.
“And I’m recording this under the assumption that you are about to return the Infinity Stones. Like, right after seeing this. And you’re going alone, of course. If you’ve already done it, feel free to stop me now before I make a fool of myself. In fact, FRIDAY? I give you full permission to rip this message apart if that’s so. Just do it in a way that no one would be able to piece it together, okay hon?”
i have other stony oneshots in the making, and since they're oneshots, they won't leave you hanging like this!
“Come back and visit her sometime,” he says instead, because Sharon is just moving to another part of Washington.
Steve’s voice died down, and Tony went stiff within his suit. He wasn’t sure he could feel his legs. Or hands. Or his body. Then Steve spoke again.
first-hand (albeit it’s design being ugly in his eyes; he can’t deny it even as he came to call it home), but this is his private estate, where Tony actually do things in.
“Thanks, J. Daddy loves you too,” Tony answers just as drly. “Now, can you bring up all that stuff about the Mandarin for me?”
Thor is the first to sober up, his smirk fading. “Yes. Yes, of course. I’ll head up there first. Catch up as soon as you can.” Swinging his hammer, Steve watches as Thor flies to where Loki is, the Hulk leaping after him. It’s times like this that Steve wonders why the serum didn’t come with super calves that’d let him jump eighty storeys high. Or even five storeys. That’d still be better than running up and down stairs (there’s elevators now, but he may be holding a little grudge over the time back in 1940s).
“Understood.” The mail icon expands, and bursts open in a flashy way that Steve will usually roll his eyes at. Today, he manages a small smile, because he can pretend for a second that Tony is here. And then -- he is. A hologram. So real, yet… Not Tony.
- Tony, the Steve who came to return the stones… isn’t here. Or maybe he has returned the Mind Stone, just did not make it to the Tesseract. What are the chances?
, but he couldn’t quite place the feeling. Instead, he watched as Romanoff, who sat next to Barton, gave him a curt nod.
“Yes, sir.” And that was a tone Tony had never heard, so devoid of emotion. “As my latest report state, I have established that Tony Stark is not a threat to the United States of America. That is my final assessment.”
“Steve!” She sounds delighted, none of that shock when he visited her in the retirement home in 2016. This is without a doubt, the same Peggy he’d returned to dance with. Sharon leans down to her great-aunt, “You know him, aunt Peggy?”
"Sir," JARVIS begun, a screen appearing on the glass before Tony, and he felt a headache incoming. "To the best of my knowledge, there are no other words to identify these beings other than ’Aliens’."
She doesn’t ask him to stay. Instead, Morgan beams at him, looking so much like Tony it both hurt and warm Steve at once. “Have a safe trip, Dad.”
“Steve, for gosh sake,” Peggy would chastise him whenever he breaks a plate, or a cup, or whatever object is closest to him. He’ll give a sheepish smile, apologise, and she’ll shake her head, and go back to what she’s doing.
movie to watch,” Clint mutters fifteen minutes into the film as he shoves chips into his mouth. Nosily, lower lip pushed out in a pout. Like a petulant child. His head is on Bruce’s shoulders, the latter’s hand in his hair, and no one misses the irony of the situation.
what Tony expects to see, but he fails. “Jesus, Stark,” he mumbles without real heat. Before he can think better, “Where’s Pepper?”
It’s Tony who’s unable to get out of bed first, one autumn morning when Morgan had been set to be back to visit with her husband. But Steve is there, as he always is. Steve is there until Tony’s final moments, when his breathing grows shallow, and Steve’s pencil never stops moving across paper.
What did it matter that they fight? What kind of couple didn’t? Love may not cancel out hate, but love
, Steven Grant Roger’s, like how he’s in Tony’s, and not Iron Man’s. Once, they’d been unable to differentiate each other from their alter-egos.
When her breathing is even, Steve folds the wheelchair and sets it against Peggy’s bed before stepping out to the living area, where Sharon stands with her arms crossed.
is gonna sound crazy, but the Chitarui is an army led by a Norse God’s brother who wanted to subjugate Earth. I helped out a group called the Avengers to stop the invasion, and voila, it’s common knowledge that aliens exist and Earth is open for the taking now."
Steve’s by his side in a second, helping him down on a stool. Tony’s pale as a sheet. “Tony? Tony, breathe.”
The two stare at him, because how can Steve be so confident, so sure? How can he have so much faith? (Because he’s from the future). Then Pepper snaps out of it first, because of course she does, “Steve’s right, Tony. I already called Happy and made him swear to me that he’s headed home now. He’s in the city. He’s safe. I’m safe. You’re safe too, okay? We’re all safe; we’re right here with you.”
