"Do you to know that this thing only buys alcohol from a specific store in town that is probably owned by a witch? And do you know how to track it down? Admit it, Cas, it will be easier with my help. That's why you asked!"
"Woah! You guys really hate each other, dontcha?"
! I said what I said, ask your husband to explain.
He had never felt this hopeless in his entire life. He was alone, scared and miserable.
Who says you can’t outshine the spouses on their wedding day, right?
He had probably revolutionised the place, done a full 180 and gone ham on the nougat.
Out of every possibility he had thought about and calculated before they entered Death’s Realm, their current situation wasn’t on the list.
“No,” he claimed, once he had managed to somehow fix his bangs. He was definitely taking a page out of Sam’s book, letting it grow a little bit, and he was constantly blowing strands out of his face like some sort of new-age Lola Bunny. “But I heard Claire shout about Garth.”
Castiel had needed help and it was easier to get it through flattery, he was one of the good guys after all. There had had to be no truth behind Castiel’s words, right?
In the end, they both settled for a shared closet and called it quits.
Inside the house, there was an all-powerful being, a Nephilim that could do so much. It was still the Spawn of the Devil, but if Dean knew one thing, it was that you can get any child to do whatever you need to with the right education. John Winchester had taught him so, while making him his personal soldier, diligent and somewhat efficient, even when he completely fucked everything up.
His father had always insisted he slept armed, in case something happened and he had to protect Sammy. John Winchester would also run drills in the first few months after he had given the order: if Dean didn’t realize he was being watched in his sleep, then he’d die and his brother just right after him, if he had been lucky.
It was incredibly surreal, the way the Angel seemed to influence his thoughts: when he had been around, he felt lighter and confident in his work; but the minute he left, he once again began to spiral down the tunnel of self-deprecation and despair that accompanied him so often. Perhaps it was just his imagination or his dumbness, or the fact that he was attracted to him despite the clear warning that nothing could’ve happened, but Castiel had managed to calm him down and comfort him and give him more confidence in the small amount of time they had shared than his father in his entire life.
As soon as she stepped into the foyer, the girl’s eyes became pitch black and she yelled in rage, trying to move her legs but failing: “What the actual fuck?!”
,’ his father had said, after barely missing him with an empty flying bottle,
"Did you know that heroes are usually the first to die in human history and literature?" asked in an amused way the angel.
To Castiel, humans were fascinating creatures because of their deep understanding of their own emotions. They were free to feel, unlike Angels.
When Billie was around, she always told him that her most fervent wish would be to just send him away, in neither of those places. It was way too easy coming back from there and she liked for things to stay dead. Instead, she would chuck him and Sam in the middle of the Universe and just leave them there, for eternity. She would have created a limbo just for the two of them, or maybe she would have sent them into the Empty, to remain asleep and harmless to her plans.
, close enough that Dean had to simply move to the end of the bed to reach him and…. ‘
Panic began to rise in every fibre of his body. His father coming there to find that he had not killed anything yet and was nowhere in his researches, which compared to his were rather childish. Coming there to find him with an angel in his room, casually conversing and bantering.
. Just ‘cause I have a harder time getting there, it doesn’t mean I can’t. I am not as stupid as I look, you know? I can do my own research and solve my own cases. Just ‘cause Dad always assumed I was the fuck-up, he shouldn’t have picked up that habit.”
“Consent is of the utmost importance, Dean.”
“Listen up, Winchester. Hell’s got plans for dear little Sam and even you… there’s nothing you can do to stop us.” That got his attention: Dean kept on reading, rushing his words to be done with, but his mind wandered to her words. What did she mean? How did she know Sam? “Daddy dearest knows something is up… but he can’t see the whole picture. It’s all setting into motion, Winchester. Perhaps I should tell you…”
The way he said it, as if he was scared of a refusal, made Dean’s chest ache in pain, suddenly aware of all of the mistakes he had ever done with the kid. Unfortunately, there was no way of turning back in time, to avoid Chuck from messing with his head and make him say things he didn’t mean, but he could repent and ask for forgiveness. He could be better, if only Jack let him try.
He was about to reply, coming up with a plausible excuse that wouldn’t have sent them both into a psychiatric ward, when Castiel beat him to it: “My body does not suffer the alterations due to alcohol consumption as a human body would” he deadpanned, completely sober and serious.
Indeed, the caller was him. "Sir," he answered mechanically, sterning his tone.
How had he, a great warrior at Heaven’s service, become a smitten fool in love with the most amazing human being that had ever walked the Earth? But it didn’t matter, not when the time he spent with the eldest Winchester was the most important part of his entire life.
Okie dokie! I had not prepared a speech, ‘cause, why would have I needed to? I thought you guys had it covered. Which you didn’t. Really, Samantha? Boo-hoo, you got spooked by your brother’s scandalous past? Grow up! I made you watch him die over a hundred times and that didn’t shock you? Ya boring.
Slowly, through the fog and mist of his desolation, a sound carried through. Dean’s breath came out quivering and with broken sobs as he recognised it, using it to let his mind go and to get pulled back to reality.
He would have also removed himself from the hunter’s memory, yet decided against. After all, he had been incredibly helpful and it had not been awful to work alongside of him. It might be useful for someone in his position to know that the dangers of the world expanded from ‘
“Because after everything that you’ve done, you owe us, you son of a bitch!” he couldn’t keep the voice as steady as he wanted it to be, but he still hoped it would convey his message upstairs. He needed to be heard, he needed help to fix this mess, he had been a good little soldier all of his life, he knew he had earned this. At least this. “So you get your ass down here and you make this right, right here and right now,” he kept on commanding.
Dean jolted awake immediately, grabbing the gun he always had under his pillow and pointing it to his left, as he could feel a pair of eyes watching him.
Dean moved one of the strands that had fallen into his eyes, brushing softly against the warm skin under the pretence of checking his temperature, looking for a sign, for anything.
Dean stopped him with a hand: “I know what I mentioned and I know what I said,” he spoke harshly. There was no doubt in Castiel’s mind that he had replayed the scene in his mind, over-analysing his reaction and criticizing his own words. He could have not explained the reason behind his reaction, not without giving his deal away, and so he had let his hunter succumb to the dark abyss of his mind, impotent.
And, while the sight of her did bring conflicting memories, when Dean saw Meg’s face, even after all of those years, he felt calm and clear-headed. He was not going to lose his temper, not this time. Not with something as important as Castiel’s fate.
Jody, don’t worry, I know it’s idiotic. I do not have a bucket list of places to break in and out of, don’t worry!
“Why isn’t he waking up?” he whispered to no one in particular, his voice small and terrified as realisation dawned upon him.
When they had finally arrived back to the bunker, after their disastrous trip, he had gone straight for the alcohol, not even taking his bloodied jacket off,
Unless, of course, there was a change in leadership, but that wasn’t about to happen anytime soon.
Claire then explained that I might have surprised him and that was why. And it was true, he did not expect that. But after we talked about it, he said that he wouldn’t mind. And so, I started calling him Dad, which now is Pops ‘cause he is the one in charge of the popcorn on movie nights and it’s nice to see him smile at the name.
Grabbing his backpack and his jacket, he scanned the room one last time. There was a choice somewhere down the road, a nasty little whisper that made its way into his mind as he spent time with the Angel. “
guys sorry to come out like this out of the blue, but would you mind giving me a bit of a feedback on this fic?
He realised, in that tiny window of time, as he saw Castiel get out of the car towards the house, that he could lose him, if he spoke up about what he felt; that no matter what, he would not reciprocate, even when he had the ability to do so, whether because he wasn’t attracted to him or because Dean wasn’t worthy of his love. Both answers seemed correct and Dean had to force himself to remain sober that night, still on a hunt, still with work to do.
“Could you please elaborate? Why would I want to cause you any harm?” Castiel now seemed really worried, more than he had ever been during their partnership. His eyes scanned his face, and Dean betted that he was using his magic to search inside of him.
I had to have two names ‘cause the confusion was too much! I asked once for Dad to take me driving, before I actually got my license, and Castiel listened and we took his car. And I prefer to drive with Dean ‘cause he knows how to teach me. Also, the Impala is way nicer.
He threw the lighter away, at the pyre, watching it light up and burn.
“I’m not a Kraken” he said, unable to form a more coherent sentence. It was way too early for conversation and he hadn’t even had his first cup of coffee.
The angel had never felt more worshipped as when he was in his hunter’s arms and this was no exception. It was thrilling, addicting, the knowledge that such a man deemed him worthy of his prayers and of his adoration.
The light turned green once more, but he didn’t drive forward.
It had all been Dean’s fault, so it was only natural that he had been the one risking his life to bring him back to them, to the living.
Dean laughed as the bartender approached them with their glasses, eyeing them carefully. He couldn’t blame the poor guy for thinking they were already pretty gone, considering the conversation they’ve been having since their arrival.
“I already told you my name is Castiel," said the angel, tilting his head once more.
There was the man he loved, and Dean didn’t know how to react.
After all, it would do him no good to show up at school, or afterwards, with a blackened eye at best. Not that John Winchester would’ve hit him in the face, he knew better than that, but still. He needed his entire body to charm and entrance, and he couldn’t do that if he was disfigured.
By the way: Ketch and Rowena, are we doing this or what?
"It was payback, I couldn't help myself."
“Hello, Sunshine! Yeah, I’ve left the kids at the movies, I was gonna kill time grocery shopping. Do I need to add things to the list? Cute, alright. See ya later, babe. I love you!”
Dean woke up that day feeling restless and anxious, guilt creeping upon his head at the thought of failing. At the rate they were going, they would not be able to pull Cas back. And the thought paralysed Dean with fear and dread.
, not because they were alone and abandoned by their father and stranded, or because the Universe was ending, but because they were family and were trying to understand what that word meant for normal people that didn’t deal with vampires on the daily.
“That was intentional,” he said, lowering his voice as if to whisper a secret. Dean supposed it was partially true, it being a secret only between them and Jack, when he continued: “You, after everything, didn’t need to go through the paperwork, to put it nicely.”
Good thing Taylor came up with ‘
Yet, he had feelings that needed to be expressed, emotions that needed to be felt and, yes, lips that needed to be kissed senselessly.
Of course, he then did what every responsible, grown adult would do: sticking his tongue out in mockery at his husband, he immediately ducked out of the way before Castiel could catch him and capture his mouth once again, breathlessly laughing as he yelled: “Shut up, man!” and walked to the closest door of the Impala, sliding into the backseat with ease. Cas followed suit, essentially ‘
Yet he soldiered on, as he always did. He thought he was used to all the pain and the sorrow and the despair, but life seemed to always one-up itself. There was always another monster, another funeral, another. And Dean was so tired, had always been tired.
His voice wavered slightly, but he managed to stand his ground as he watched Dean slowly nod, edging him to continue with his speech.
“Dean” Castiel called, urgency in his voice. He finished the words and stared at the girl as a black mass of smoke emerged from her mouth, the motion so similar to vomiting yet so inhumane.
But his father hadn't been with him for a long time and he didn't have to worry about his brother first, although old habits die hard. "Actually, I'm kinda starving so if you'd like we could go grab a bite while we plan our next move on this demon" he surprised himself saying, but stood his ground as soon as the words came out of him.
As soon as the semaphore turned, he hit the gas and drove as fast as Baby could, sprinting on the pavement, equally excited and scared at his discovery.
“What did he say?” a voice spoke from the top of the stairs, unannounced, causing Dean to jump on his feet.  The chair fell behind him with a loud noise at the action, forcing Miracle to hide behind his knees in shelter. He was already moving to grab the nearest sword when he managed to catch a glimpse of who had just spoken.
(See the end of the chapter for
blush at something embarrassing I said! Amara pay up, I know my Squirrel!
A slow nod was the only answer he received, but that was all the encouragement that he needed to keep on going, "So tell me what it is so that I can fight her!"
Still, Dean couldn’t look at him, couldn’t witness the way emotions must have been passing over his face. He didn’t want to see hopefulness get replaced by hurt, by anger, by sadness at the knowledge of Dean’s bargain. He couldn’t. So, he kept on staring blindly at nothing and everything at all, searching for the right words to convey his message as best as he could.
“Not yet, ten more minutes,” he replied, silently laughing at the mess of hair that she had created turning around against the car seat. Her curly hair was creating a sort of halo effect all around her head and he had to resist the urge to snap a picture, his phone already filled with adorable and domestic photos of his entire family.
“Perhaps a ghost that targeted a specific set of people, rather near to your
“The quicker you go, the sooner you’ll eat,” Castiel responded patiently. It had taken the angel a while to understand the human need to bathe and clean themselves, after centuries without a permanent vessel and after a decade in the same clothes, but he had finally gotten the hang of it, even when he wasn’t human himself anymore. But still, he enjoyed the rituals and he liked keeping his body clean and fit and, after Jack gave him human taste buds to make him live life with Dean as a regular human while still maintaining his angel mojo and status upstairs, where he helped and directed the renovations, Castiel could finally enjoy food as well, not having to pretend anymore.
Castiel had not realized he had closed his eyes while savouring the small bite until he opened them once again, seeing the smug smirk on the hunter’s face alongside a mockingly raised eyebrow.
?’ or ‘
He needed to duct tape himself back together, otherwise none of this was going to work.
The Shadow simply raised a hand, silencing him on the spot with their frozen gaze: “Don’t. I don’t care about answers or excuses, those are not going to get my peace back!” They leaned back on their throne, legs crossed, and fingers twirled in the air, seemingly lost in thought.
Dean tried to speak, to apologise, to beg for forgiveness, but his voice gave out at the mere thought of whispering the other’s name. He didn’t deserve any of that, after all. And so, he kept on staring directly into Castiel’s deep blue eyes, drowning into them and holding into them at the same time.
And so, he had never dared to do anything more than wish, than hope, than pray. He knew that it was idiotic and destructive, but, imagining a Universe in which Castiel could, would, reciprocate his feelings, it was the least harming of his habits. The only one who got hurt in his musing and spiralling was his heart, after all.
drunk with an equally drunken Angel, who seemed to have lost the ability to walk, leaning with his full weight on him.
It wasn’t until a week later, once the waters had cleared and everything had returned back to somewhat normality, that Castiel realised just how mistaken he had been in his original stance towards the deal.
, terrific, ready to get murdered at the hands of the love of his life for his continuous errors and sins.
Coming there to find him undeniably attracted to the angel and rather fond of him already.
He needed to think, he needed to distract himself, otherwise, nothing would have worked. He couldn’t let himself feel the crippling pain that had already engulfed his soul. He wouldn’t.
In the end, they both caved in and Castiel agreed on joining him as some sort of chaperone. That was until Jack revealed the actual location of his hunt as Arrington, Tennessee, which made Dean jump up and decide right then and there that he’d be the one to go, after promising he wouldn’t get involved with the hunt unless Jack asked him to.
Paradise on Earth indeed.
In the meantime, I think we can all agree that we haven’t heard as many embarrassing stories as we liked about these two. Sam’s plan was good, but he got side-tracked. And I think, as Dean’s actual father, and whoever disagrees can see the end of my shotgun after this, I think that I’m very qualified for this job.
But, thankfully, that didn’t seem to be the case. “Amara is off, fixing what Chuck did to those dimensions, and she said that in the meantime I could just stay down here, live a little,” Jack said, using air quotes and a pensive face, slightly inclining his head to the side in a way that mirrored exactly Castiel’s, whenever there was something he didn’t fully understand.
of the Angel groom right here, like Meg or one of you nice angels who aren't as much of a bag of assholes, figure of speech, unlike some of the others that I personally crossed off the invitation list. Congratulations on having backbones, by the way. Does great for your postures.
One thing he liked about his Uncle, was that he didn’t drink himself to sleep almost every night. He didn’t raise his voice at them, he didn’t force them to dig graves on their fucking birthdays, he didn’t belittle them for getting a good grade, ‘cause that shit didn’t matter. But he couldn’t be with his Uncle, so he should be thankful for living the way he did. For living at all.
I propose a toast: to Fanfiction and Ao3!
“You did not believe if I felt the same way you did,” Castiel said eventually, his voice flat and heavy at the same time. It was just a matter of fact, not a question that needed to be answered, yet Dean chose to reply nevertheless, unable to stomach the complete silence any longer. He longed for the lost days in which he and the angel could just be speechless in each other’s presence. And he desperately wanted for them to come back, alongside everything he was almost certain he had lost.
“I am not used to the consumption of alcoholic beverages and I believe neither is my vessel” he answered his knowing smile, chest puffed out in pride as he managed to let himself into an upright position without stumbling too much.
, after all, just a couple of splashes in the kitchen, where he and Jack had to prepare the ingredients! All he wanted to do was finish the spell before their rabbit’s bone disintegrated and get his Angel back with him, where he belonged. Besides, his arm was beginning to ache and bother him, which he gladly took as a sign to speed up the deal.
One of the only places he felt completely safe was behind the wheel, which was still accurate from his childhood, and his Baby was still one of the best things that had ever happened to him, Cas included. Besides, he was in a much better space now than he was at 16, or at 26, or even a year prior.
I AM SORRY
That was another thing that was different, in their relationship: before they opened their hearts, Dean was always looking at life with an optimistic view, pretending to be confident in his plans and finding the better outcome for whatever situation they needed to overcome; it wasn’t until later in their relationship that Castiel realised just how wrong his initial thinking had been, for Dean’s vision of life was dark and twisted by decades of hurt and pain. He would put on a brave face for his brother’s sake and walk into whatever danger their line of life had to offer, believing that he would not survive.
It was in technicolour, magnificent.
Anyway, I’m not gonna stand here saying things like
"Alright, I brought all the gifts! We’re set for when the kids come."
He wished he could've stayed more with the other hunter. He cooked them breakfast, actually taking the time to learn their favorite dishes and what they liked or not. He taught them how to play sports, how to run leisurely and not to save their own asses for once. He taught Dean how to fix cars and Sam how to bath himself without Dean's help. Took them swimming and to the movies. He treated them like the children they were, but as soon as John was done with whatever he was busy doing, everything went back to reality.
At that, Dean turned towards the angel so quickly and violently, he had to thank the seatbelt he had just latched on to prevent him from crashing onto the angel's body. Not that he would've particularly minded. "What the fuck did you just say?"
Dean took in the moment of silence to rest his head on one of Castiel’s shoulders, a gesture that now came naturally to both parts, before he continued in his tale: “Plus Jack did an amazing job! You should’ve been there, he was so confident and gentle with the ghost, he managed to reassure them before he burned the remains and it was just so natural? I don’t know, man, I’m getting old, this new generation is far better than I was at their age.”
Thank you, Claire, for the amazing presentation! You nailed it, by the way, there wasn’t a single dry eye on sight. And that’s a lot, considering we have demons here.
He stared at it as if it could hold all of the answers in the Universe, but the angry colour simply blinked back at him as it slowly turned green.
He could drive around town running errands while let his mind wander in the meantime, trying to fix itself before he got to the farmer’s market to pick up Cas’ favourite bar of soap, cinnamon and lavender. And, for the first time in his life, he could do so without having to fear an attack in the middle of the day. Or without cops breathing down his neck as he ran away from them ‘cause all he did was grave robbing and desecration and credit card fraud. Or without leaving behind a bloody trail of destruction in his wake that meant he couldn’t sleep at night without nightmares.
Another thing that 26 years old Dean would’ve bitched about, if he only knew.
He truly appreciated the company. Without Sam and Jack and Cas, the bunker was way too empty, all the space wasted on only one person.
He was already mentally preparing himself for Castiel’s completely justified anger, for his immediate departure from his life. But, he knew, the thought of the former angel being fine and alive was more than Dean had ought to have. And, if the price for Castiel’s happiness was being out of Dean’s life, then so be it. This way, he couldn’t irremediably fuck another person up.
Cas, I don't know if I'll ever be able to call you ‘
It is a demon, just to inform you. Did your two weeks of futile research tell you that?"
It was somewhat poetic, managing to defeat God Himself and then being defeated by a rusty piece of metal, on his own terms.
Castiel had forgotten about her.
Yet, his traitorous mind tainted his vision, making doubt and shame creep over his face. That nasty voice just wouldn’t stop talking, pouring venom in his brain and torturing him from the inside.
that bitch angel had said. As if it needed to be said, he already knew all of that. Dean didn’t need the reminder, he lived his life and he knew who he was.
. He laughed darkly at that thought. Knowing his father, the existence of demons and angels would not faze him in the slightest and he probably had something that could kill them as well.
"I may have fudged reality a little?"
He could hear his blood boil inside his veins and his entire body was alight with shame, undoubtedly already showing the typical redness around his neck and ears that appeared whenever he bottled down too many emotions, all at once. But, somehow, Castiel was kind enough not to point it out.
Surely enough, the girl he had seen the prior day was there, unlocking the door and shutting it immediately behind her. A powerful smell of rotten eggs permeated the air: during their night of work, Castiel had told him that that was a distinctive trait of the specie, ‘
They had managed to make the possessed girl survive and all Castiel had to do now was wipe her memory and leave, casually omitting the small detail of her being still alive in his report. It would be extremely easy, especially after a particularly complicated mission like the one he just faced.
is an understatement", Dean felt as if that endless pit was somehow smaller, more bearable than it had been the day before.
"Geez, who knew you could be so touchy! Whatever, forget I said anything."
He immediately tensed. Too many weird things regarding the supernatural had happened in too short of a time for this to be unrelated.
The only thing he knew for sure was that he was never letting his Angel go, ever again. His future was bright and shiny, but only if Castiel agreed in sharing it with him. That was the only way Dean was getting his very well-deserved happiness.
He violently tugged at the covers, trying to untangle himself from their trap. Dean knew that there was no way his body would allow him to fall back asleep, but he could still try.
But the cold floor against his feet helped to ground him to his new reality, to the fact that they lived in a world where things might go well for the first time. That he lived while Cas didn’t.
They managed to stay in silence for a couple of minutes, before the hunter spoke.
Dean braced himself for the inevitable pain that was sure to come any minute now, his cheeks already stinging at the memory. He knew better than to cry, than to break down like the pathetic son of a bitch he was. And he most definitely knew best than to let himself go when there was company around. Years spent with his no-nonsense father and then in Hell had left their imprint on him, teaching him their lessons.
On the other hand, Dean was trying his best to avoid his gaze, feeling more and more like a miscreant child that was just trying to skip punishment from their parents for something he had done wrong, despite knowing very well that their action wouldn’t have sent them far down the path. He knew what was bound to come next, had known since he was young and stupid, believing in fairy tales and angels and kindness. And all he could do now was burying his eyes on the floor, letting them move from tile to tile to assess the damage he had done with his blood.
And downstairs, getting tortured and beaten down until you turn evil and get your revenge and eventually become a demon? Not so peachy, but doable, especially since Dean knew Hell inside and out by now, having done it all, one way or the other.
“Holy fuck” he whispered, both because of the new revelation the Angel had dropped on him and because he was terrified of said Angel figuring him out. He straightened up, rubbing the remaining sleep off his eyes that hadn’t fallen off due to the shock of seeing Castiel in such a dishevelled state. “Listen up, wings:  I haven’t had my first cup of coffee yet. Can you please drop those kind of bombs later?”
The kid had found on his own some ghost activity a couple of days prior, presenting his findings all excitedly at breakfast about what he suspected was a haunted house and all but demanding he could go, assuring his fathers that he was more than capable of doing so. It had been the first time since the whole Chuck ordeal that he asked to go on a hunt, and so both Dean and Cas were a little bit hesitant on letting him go all by himself, even when he insisted he wanted to deal with the ghost alone.
“What do you mean with ‘
If only he had the strength and energy to start cooking.
And Dean couldn’t help himself from kissing that smile again, and again, and again.
He let Cas open the radio, although the driver picked the music and shotgun shut their cakehole. He had never let Sammy chose, back down, but Cas was different. Cas knew his favourite station; he knew which cassette to put in whenever Dean was down or tired. Castiel knew him.
He stood up, briskly swatting away Sam’s hands. Just because he was getting older, by some miracle, it didn’t mean he needed help with something so mundane, he thought, brushing over his pants to make sure no debris or dried blood had stuck to the fabric. Especially the blood, it was always such a bitch to take off, even with expertise and a very well stocked laundry room!
And, whenever he needed to bitch about Karen that brought store-bought cupcakes to the PTA meeting, with her cheetah print dress and fake designer handbag and her horribly blended foundation that was three shades darker, as she passed them as homemade despite having met him at the store when she bought them, he could. And he did. To his husband, nonetheless. To his Angel husband who had then commented on her recipe with the same demeanour he once used to command armies, tasting every single bit of the additives the company put to make sure they didn’t rot on the shelves and listing them in their chemical name, as the label said were there, in front of all the other PTA ladies, publicly shaming the scammer while looking delicious doing so.
"May I know what you ordered for me?" he asked as soon as the waitress was out of earshot. The hunter merely shrugged and said "Something that you'll like. In case you don't, I'll eat it." The sheer arrogance of that short sentence made him almost want to
And Dean, I know what you think. I’ve known how your fucked up brain works for a while. I’m so happy that I can say with certainty that I think those voices got real quiet today. It’s not easy, still, today, in the year of our Lord and Saviour Amara 2021, to be like us. And you had to deal with all that crap growing up, which is awful. But you managed to be happy in spite of them all and I love you.
Probably both.
For someone who hadn’t exactly been raised to physical affection, not since he was four at least, Dean had always loved the simplicity of a hug. He could hide his face whenever the emotions overtook him, or whenever he didn’t want anyone understanding just how nice it felt to be held. It was shameful, growing up, to feel emotions outside of fear and relief, adrenaline the only hormone that was allowed in his system. John Winchester didn’t tolerate chick moments and Dean tried desperately to fall behind him in line, ever the perfect little soldier.
“The feeling’s mutual,” he said once he had reached their dais, cranking his neck up to maintain eye contact with the cosmic being that could wipe him off the face of the Universe as if it was nothing.
again, he would hold him close and never let go. He could finally say the words that clawed at the back of his throat every time he was around the angel, he could finally let himself be happy.
But the moment was fleeting. The air was too clear and it smelled too nicely, the birds were too chippy, loud enough to animate the back of his thoughts without being intrusive or lousy, and the calming scenery in front of him was too beautiful for this to be a cruel joke on him.
“Right, cause those are a thing, aren’t they?” Dean asked sarcastically, moving a few steps back. “Aren’t you, like, supposed to have chubby cheeks and puffy wings and blinding halos? Cause all I see is a 30 something dude dressed like an accountant. Not exactly angelic material.”
“Do not worry. We still have time and you deserve a… what do you humans call it? Ah, a break!”
with its messy order. But I kinda have to forgive him, cause Nathan Fillion is... Well. Ya know."
Despite his initial rigidness, he had loosened up, figuratively and literally: he seemed more comfortable around Dean, asking questions and challenging him, and he had also loosened up his tie, leaving it to hang somehow awkwardly around his neck, revealing the muscles and the veins and the flesh.
He was completely starstruck. He had found his match and wasted no time to confirm his theory.
His life couldn’t have been different: he was young and still following his father’s vengeance trail into a painful death, hiding every single aspect of his life that wasn’t appropriate for a soldier, burying himself into a work he didn’t feel like his own in a life that wasn’t his; now, he spent his days researching and updating the bunker’s records, while his incredible husband literally ran Heaven like a clock.
If only he would wake up!
The hand that wasn’t intertwined with his moved once again to his cheek, wiping the newly sprung tears out of his eyes as Dean closed them, overwhelmed, for once, in the good way.
And Dean wasted no time into knifing him down in the chest, after a small talk, of course. By the way, his expression when he realised Castiel hadn’t even flinched was priceless, I wish I had brought a camera. Now, the only place I can savour it, is in my mind!
Not bad for someone who didn’t think they’d reach 30, right?
to care, if his father was right. Who was he to tell the difference, he was only a stupid child, thankfully he had his father’s words to go by. And his father always was right, there was no room for discussion about that. There was no use antagonising his old man, because if he said something, that something was law, held higher than the Lord’s words.
"My name is Castiel, not Castor. And I would appreciate if you did not call me that. As you might not be aware, the name comes from a different mythology. And I have no idea of what you are talking about," he replied calmly, in a very stoic matter.
It wasn’t perfectly synchronised or, generally speaking, perfect by any means, with both of their breaths ragged and uneven, with the pressure of the other’s lips either too small or great, and with the lack of direction they were having. But it was perfect nevertheless, because it was Dean kissing Cas and Cas kissing Dean, and they both had waited far too long for it to be anything less of perfection.
Castiel simply stared ahead of him, wondering if he had made a mistake.
“Yeah, he told me that,” Bobby said, taking out another beer for himself. “But Jack’s in charge now and he also pulled him up here. I’ll tell you only once, that son of yours. You raised him good.”
Well, most of them anyway. He still had an angel to rescue.
He felt more then heard the seal break, too occupied with the man kissing him. But he heard the terrible sound of nothing sweeping into the room.
While Dean was certain that the experience would never leave his nightmares completely, recurring over and over to remind him of his deepest regrets, at least they were officially cut off from them, all human, to begin or finish with. Besides, knowing those in charge both upstairs and downstairs must have its privileges, right?
The only thing he needed, now, was to find him and get going.
And so he threw himself at the arms of the angel he loved, who would always catch him in his fall.
But now that they had changed owner and regime, and changed all the rules to the game?
He welcomed the way the splinters of wood dug and perforated his skin, around the bandage that was still wrapped over his injured hand. Soon enough the blood would flow again, once his wound had reopened from the constant pressure as he clutched the stool. And with that, if he was lucky, so would the contrasting, screaming voices inside his head, loud and crude and painful. His breath was coming out of pattern and he could feel his entire body shake as he tried to sit on the floor, letting the cold sweep through his clothes.
Like he had always dreamed of.
“What do you mean?”
“Do not apologize, Dean. You have done nothing wrong.”
But, still, the waiting was taking its tool.
Thankfully for him, this time, it wasn’t his father staring down the barrel of his gun, a disapproving look on his face as he claimed he had ‘been too slow’. Not so thankfully for him, for his sanity and his faked heterosexuality, Castiel was seated and patiently staring at him, presumably waiting for him to wake, not at all bothered by the gun. The Angel had discarded his trench coat and suit jacket and his hair was more dishevelled than it had been the previous day.
"...I love you too, Cas."
No, unfortunately, Dean said no strippers, but they were a nice addition to the party nevertheless!
me!” he retorted back, storming inside, Eileen in tail, looking sheepish as she signed her hello. He was visibly distraught, understandably so, yet Dean couldn’t care less. For the first time in days, he had an actual shot at getting his happiness back and, even if he loved his little brother with all his being and had always put him first in everything, he was going to ignore Sam’s little tantrum if it meant continuing his plan to get to Castiel.
Not a question, but he still demanded an answer nevertheless.
He was sure that they hadn’t seen the last of each other just yet.
, proudly presenting a fuming loaf of bread that they had baked!
"I was not talking about that,"  he said, his eyes clouding. "You have chosen a male bodysuit."
and, just as Castiel had predicted, fell immediately asleep. He must have been incredibly depleted of all energies, after all.
Just because he now could do both: drive and hold the love of his life, without refrains.
He was tired whenever he was stranded on a case, no one answering his phone calls to give him tips and help, all of them busy with their lives: Sammy off to college, living the life he deserved; Bobby furious for some reason with John, even though deep down Dean knew it had all been his fault; and John Winchester away, with a second family that wasn’t as fucked up as the first.
She had then sent some of the photos along their family group chat, with Alex making her swear she’d be asked to tag along next time they went somewhere fancy, but so far the video remained a secret between her, Dean and Jack.
Castiel nodded understandably, “I am rather aware of that. If it brings you comfort, you do not even resemble the sea creature.”
Castiel had momentarily forgotten about the host. She was not essential to the mission and his orders didn’t include her safety. He had been told to finish the demon, to terminate that abomination with the least amount of collateral damage, and that meant to simply strike both the demon and the vessel. “I suppose she will be collateral damage.”
his peace. He had earned it.
“I… we completed the mission, Dean” he quietly explained, rising up on his feet and offering a helping hand to the hunter, who gladly accepted it.
He could feel his heart begin to race once more, his breathing picked up just at the same speed he left it not long before. The only difference, as another wave of panic washed over him, was that his eyes were wide open, unmoving from the blue orbs that would undoubtedly light up and be his demise.
He picked his jacket up hastily, tossing it into the unmade bed and moving with autopilot to gather his evidence, all the traces of the work they’d done in tandem. He would usually keep it, dropping it in the storage unit he had bought for this purpose. It was all pretty important stuff anyway: it wasn’t like every day he would have an actual Angel explain the complexities of Heaven and Hell in detail.
He had done it a thousand times by now. Breaking into a monster’s lair, killing the thing and getting out as fast as he could, before everything burned down to the ground for some reason, despite him never lighting anything up.
He was hovering over the bed, basically, each word he inched closer to where Castiel was politely sitting, still cute and confused and rendering Dean’s brain useless. That seemed to be a constant in their brief partnership.
“Do you want me to fly us to your motel room?” Castiel asked quite harshly, as if annoyed.
He realised for the first time in his life, just why Orpheus had turned around: fear was taking hold of him, not just at the knowledge that he would never live again until he could see in his deep blue eyes, until he could hear his low voice, more soothing than any balm; he was terrified at the thought of wasting Castiel’s shot at a life he deserved, definitely more than him, he was terrified at the knowledge that he was bargaining with a chip that wasn’t his, with something he could never understand.
And, with Cas, he didn’t need to hide, he didn’t need to be afraid or ashamed. He could just be himself, out and proud and finally happy.
Definitely the last one.
Dean, inside and out. How could’ve he been foolish enough to forget that?
“How? I have not been able to sense her” he asked, maintaining his stoic appearance while his insides puzzled him infinitely. There was a twisted sense of shame, at not being able to properly follow his orders, linked with some sort of pride at the Hunter’s work. It was impressive, truly. He had managed to track the demon once, but twice, despite his limited knowledge in the matter.
And he had been in both places countless times, enough to know that there weren’t too big differences, especially in the bureaucracy. Demons sucked, Angels sucked, and they all had some deep agenda that somehow put him and Sam in the middle of their bickering.
"Turns out there is one more of those things to take down. I think I'll be done in a couple of days." he lied, maintaining his voice steady and feeling his heart pounding inside his throat.
They then returned to their initial position, hands linked, basking in each other’s presence.
He gave him a smile of his own, levelling his gaze with his eyes as he responded, sharing the same feeling of hope: “Yeah, I did. Can I? Or do you want me to sign official adoption papers?”
Which didn’t seem very doable, especially not when they shouted at him, causing him to stumble back on shaky legs: “Do not put yourself on the same level as me, child. I am old. And tired. Besides, do I look like I care about your excuses?”
Oh, just how foolish he had been!
Would Castiel hate him for eternity for bargaining with something that wasn’t his? Would he be able to find a spell of sorts to restore his grace, when he asked for it back?
I really do, you’re the older brother I never wanted but got stuck with. And I’m so fucking happy for you, ‘cause you and Cas are the best people in the entire world and you deserve all the happiness you can get.
“Well, you see…” he began, mouth suddenly drier than the Nevada Desert, unaware of how in the world he was supposed to tell to an All Mighty Being that he was interested. “Every time you don’t get something you tilt your head to the side in the most adorable way possible and honestly it’s not fair!”
shebang, but he was a straight cisgender man on thin ice due to all the flannels he kept on wearing, so his opinion didn’t count.
Therefore, the ring stayed hidden.
He didn’t know even where to begin to explain himself. How could he? His world had shifted on its axis more times in the previous two days than it had in his entire life. “Kinda. I don’t know, I just… I’ve always thought something, that I was wrong and bad. None of the people I work with would understand and I don’t really know, Cas. I never thought I… Since forever I’d known I’d go downstairs, ya know?”
He would rather anything other than this.
He removed his word from where it was pinned on the wall, letting the pins fall on the carpet, uncaring if they could potentially harm his bare feet as he walked around the room to pack everything up. Maybe, the pain could’ve brought him back to Earth, grounding him like it always did.
Holding tighter his backpack, he made purposeful strokes and kept his head held up high. He was Dean Winchester, hunter and slayer, and he had just aided an Angel in the destruction of a Demon. He could face whatever.
He had spent all of his life knowing that everyone would eventually leave him, getting sick of him and his bullshit, theory proven right by Sammy first and then by his father. Somehow, Castiel had stuck around the longest and Dean knew that it had been bliss, true and pure and unadulterated, the raw feeling of joy that he felt through his bones whenever the angel would remain with him, even if it was only because of work and supernatural related crap.
“Whatever.”
Dean knew, the moment when he woke up, that both he and Jack needed a win of sorts. Or, at the very least, they needed to be productive. Which was exactly why he had gathered all his fishing equipment and loaded the Impala while he waited for Jack to get up and out of bed. For someone who literally had all the power of the Universe inside of him, his kid had definitely taken up on his own old habit of hitting snooze on his alarm at least three times. Usually, either he or Sam would have to knock on his door to get the day moving, but Dean was letting him take his time.
They still had yet to reach their destination. Based on his calculation, the accommodation the hunter had chosen to stay in, due to its cheap expenses, was not incredibly far from the location of the demon's. Of course, flying them there was the most logical choice, but, due to the hunter's lack of compliance, that option seemed to evaporate.
“I had no other choice,” he calmly explained once his heartbeat had gotten back to a steady rhythm, ready to spend his last moments on Earth with the man he loved and cherished, “I was selfish, I didn’t want to waste a single moment with you. And I let you think that I didn’t want you, but I will always want you.”
Perhaps it was best that way, Dean thought. He trusted his son with his life, quite literally, and he believed he’d done an amazing job, even before seeing it.
“Are you humming Metallica?”
And he had to keep it all tightly in, Sam couldn’t see him like that. How would he be able to explain? “
Cas nodded his answer instead of speaking it, holding onto Dean’s hand tighter to convey all the words he wasn’t saying.
“I was busy!”
Where was I? Oh, right, the serious part of the speech.
The other thing about Jimmy, he didn't bandage my bruises and injuries while telling me stories of archaic civilizations that he witnessed first had, only to distract me from the pain. And he could’ve, I used to skin my knees almost everyday when I was younger. He just… wasn’t there, not like that.
It wasn’t that hard to understand, Dean thought. Besides, if his monkey brain had managed to wrap around the concept, surely all the others would catch up quickly. It was actually a good thing: all the angels and demons that had died in the crossfire during the apocalypse; Crowley, Ruby, Meg, Balthasar, Gabriel; all of them would get a chance back at life, without the two arch-dicks and without Chuck deciding for them. Sure, there were also major dicks getting out like Zachariah and the Knights of Hell, but those could be dealt with, now that their puppeteers were to sleep for the rest of Time. And, with Rowena in charge of Hell as its Queen and with Jack and Amara getting Heaven back on track, as it always should’ve been, life could finally be good. They could all be finally free, unchained.
In there, the pictures were clear as day. For the Empty was showing him Castiel’s face, everywhere, from all of the 11 and more years of friendship and partnership they had shared. Dean could recognise all of the moments that were on display for him: from the first time in the barn, when Cas had appeared out of nowhere with his celestial powers, calmly letting him know who he was despite just being stabbed; to the awful moment when he told him he was going to go on a date, shotgun in the Impala and unbuttoning his shirt after spending the afternoon together. Dean’s heart broke in that moment, never mending right, because here was Cas, finally human, finally able to have human emotions, to experience them just as much and as hard as Dean could.
He knew, rationally, that it wasn’t a normal nor a healthy reaction, but it wasn’t like he had ever had the actual time to unlearn all of the wrong messages he had been taught in his lifetime. He would have all the time in the world to unpack all of that, now that he didn’t have to fight with every supernatural being in the Universe.
That had probably been one of the worst consequences of knowing him, and it had happened twice now.
“Quite an unfortunate situation, I must say. His mission was almost compromised by. But, in the end,
There was no thinking it over, no doubt crippling his head and making him question everything. He had dreamt, especially in the last few years, of retiring, getting the guns in storage and saying ‘
It wasn’t tradition per se, having a hunter style funeral after the sun was gone, but it was nice nevertheless. Whenever they had to burn a body to kill its ghost, it was better to do so with the complicity of the dark, this way no one would disturb them too much. But burning one of their own required painstaking patience, especially nowadays, when people didn’t stay as dead as they used to.
Dean couldn’t care less if the world burned to the ground and collapsed on its axis, as long as Cas was alright, back with him.
“Is he…?” he choked, it was impossible for him to finish the sentence.
Because, now, he had the motivation to get out of bed and start on breakfast without having to worry about monsters first thing in the morning. He followed healthy routines and ate his vegetables regularly, knowing that he could arrive at an old age if he only let his body live properly, without drowning it in dirty fats and cheap alcohol. He was nowhere willing to go and do
He stopped dead on his tracks and turned around, trying to decide if he wanted to laugh or scream: “I meant minutes, Cas” he said quietly, running a hand over his face and stretching. He could feel the air over his abs, as his Metallica tee had risen up a little, but he could also feel a pair of eyes over him.
"Those are fairies and you have learnt better. Open it!"
But Dean wasn’t foolish and stupid, he knew better by now, he knew that no matter what he felt, he might not be always corresponded.
The question had been so random, that it pulled Dean straight out of his musings. He couldn’t help the laugh that escaped him, broken and uneven as his chest heaved and he leaned forward, trying to regain some slivers of dignity. Not that he ever could: around Castiel he acted like a complete buffoon, feeling at ease and at home.
“I don’t know? Orders from above? Cause the case is over and you don’t need me to remember shit anymore?” the Hunter fired back, removing violently his hand and crossing his arms at his chest. Long gone was the man that had kissed him so sweetly, Castiel realized bitterly, as he was swept over by fear and nervousness once more.
I would have dragged you both to marriage counselling myself, if I could’ve. But there was always a big, enormous threat looming over the world that apparently only Team Free Will could deal with, so I had to postpone.
And once this charade of a ritual is complete, I shall come back to you!
He would rather be angry at the kid and at the Universe than having to deal with what had happened.
Fine, you left your computer on and I snooped it. First Person POV with Y/N? I expected better from you.
Now Heaven was his oyster and he would have not wasted a single instant of his new eternity with him.
Now, I would excuse your awful pronunciation if you had a lisp. But since I could not detect any upon our encounter..."
(See the end of the chapter for
Now, even though I know Benny’s side, I am only going to speak for myself when I say that it’s a tragedy that you took so long to figure out your disgusting feelings for each other. And I’m not saying this because I am a demon and thus emotionless, but due to the fact that I am a majestic being with two functioning eyes that had to witness the absolute disaster that was your pining.
He wanted to yell back at the cosmic entity, to make them stop with whatever they were doing, but no sound came out. His throat burned and his eyes watered down, as all he could do was stay put on the cold ground, begging to whoever might be listening in this pocket of space for the pain to stop. But, Dean reminded himself, no one was listening. Not even Jack, his son, the most powerful being in the entire creation, who was behind in the bunker, whose powers were still unknown and uncontrollable, and who had absolutely no jurisdiction there.
And for the first time in a long time, he actually could. And all thanks to a hunter who saw the world for how it should’ve been.
He didn’t expect the dog to start replying anytime soon, but it was helpful, getting those weights off his chest, after they had remained on for too long. The only other being he had ever felt comfortable around enough to bare his soul, was Cas, who had never once interrupted him in those rare moments of truth. Cas, who listened without giving his input until he had the entire picture in front of him, managing to comfort him and to make him see the world through new lenses, not a dark and hopeless place anymore. Cas, who knew his soul inside and out.
Damn, those are words I never thought I’d say.
It had been hilarious, seeing him approach alcohol for the first time. While they ate, Dean had ordered beer and at the sight of the yellowish liquid, the Angel had paled. “
He got almost all of his clothes back from the kids pretty immediately after that, but it had been harder to get back what Cas had stolen.
“It’s Garth we’re talking about, he doesn’t have a bad side,” he told her curtly, before slowly easing Baby inside, parking her in her own designated spot just as Claire grabbed the remote from his hand to close the door once they were inside, “And he’s my dentist too! Can’t a man have dignity left!”
Now, his suspicions could finally be answered, he realized happily. He would see
The angel sat on a chair, opposite to him. "The normal generic demon has black eyes. That is their colour and distinguishes them from the other classes, upper ones and rather more powerful. Some might have venous blood-red eyes while the other more common would be yellow. The most ancient ones have white eyes." He spoke with such a calm voice that Dean was captivated, and not only by the interesting topic that might save his life one day.
“What would you prefer?” Castiel asked, unsure of what would be acceptable. He had no idea of how to action the electronical device the hunter had pointed at and he was confident that their work had reached his final step, which could wait a couple of hours to be executed.
Thus, he set foot in the black ring, careful not to ruin the barely dried blood on the floor. He could immediately feel the energy sweep through his body, an ancient power awakening the closer he got to the bowl.
“It’s Garth we’re talking about,” the girl parroted back at him with a mocking tone.
He would close his eyes forever, as he felt the energy leave his body for the last time, and he would meet a reaper that would escort him either up or down, depending on how he had behaved.
"Perhaps. It might ring a bell…"
And they were terribly strong, so powerful it must have been exhausting. Yet the hunter never complained, always wore a careless mask and an attitude that signalled he cared about nothing and no one. But that was also an illusion, for Dean Winchester cared and worried, perhaps too deeply, about everything.
…Balthazar, for the love of everything that is good and holy in this fucked up Universe that Amara rebuilt from scratch from Chuck’s destruction. What the actual fuck do you mean the Cartwright Twins, minor league Canadian Baseball team.
Except that he couldn’t, not this time. There was no soul duct tape, no magical cure for a broken heart. A spell could backfire, he could lose all his memories of Cas and that was a fate worse than death. He would rather have the bittersweet memories in place of a working mind any day.
They were stuck at a supermarket once, choosing the toilet paper. The memory shouldn’t have been that high on Dean’s list of his favourite moments ever, but he would rather be stuck choosing fucking toilet paper in the middle of nowhere with Cas than to be here, kneeling over his
. I can’t… I’m sorry.”
Not bad for the guy who didn’t want to live past 30.
I’m not here to complain about the wedding that could’ve been, and would’ve been awesome, if I got free reins. But, at least I threw on my own the bachelor’s party and that was lit. On fire. And we did need firefighters afterwards, otherwise the building would’ve burnt down. And I know what you might think: "Were the firefighters planned?"
’ his brain reminded him, but he was done hiding. He had kept himself hidden all of his life, always pretending to be fine, always pretending to be normal, always pretending to be straight, to not like both. He had always done whatever he had to in order to survive, in a world that didn’t look kindly at him, with a father that wasn’t nice about this sort of things.
And his little brother was looking at him, his eyes swelling as he moved, careful of the dried blood in between them, towards Dean, who flinched visibly as Sam’s hand went to rest on his shoulder, giving a reassuring squeeze. He stopped breathing, unbelieving of what had just happened, as his eyes closed involuntarily, blocking the tears in their path before they managed to escape.
“Would you please stop firing against me?” asked again the man, this time standing rather closely into his personal space, sounding mildly irritated.
And so, he forewent the slippers, uncaring of the freezing tiles. And he had no use for the robe, without anyone but the dog around to see him in his messy attire. He hadn’t even bothered getting out of his shirt the previous night, straight out falling onto the bed, searching for some sort of solace that never came.
"Hilarious. If I was indeed him, you would receive only coal for the rest of your life."
He saw Dean’s face crumble: one moment he was sleepily smiling at him, a calm expression written in his eyes as he took the image of Castiel sprawled down under him; in the next, his face shifted in a defensive scowl, eyes hardening as he hastily removed himself from their tangle of limbs.
“Hey Eileen, sorry if I don’t hug you but I’m in the middle of something and if I move, I’ll have to start all over,” he told her, bypassing his giant brother, who looked progressively more offended by the minute. She merely signed back a quick ‘
Cas had to open his eyes and ask to be shotgun on their drive back to the bunker and Dean had to begrudgingly give in to the request, not even having to think about it, but still pretending to for Sammy’s sake. He loved when Cas was shotgun, he would always toy and fret with the seatbelt as if he didn’t know what to make of it, and whenever a particular song that he knew came on the radio or on one of Dean’s tapes he would whisper all excitedly at him:
He was a pro, used to every possible scenario and ready for anything to happen.
And, for as much as Sammy pouted that their life was way too erratic and unpredictable to keep an animal, he knew deep down that this was a step into the right path. They had saved the world for the last time. They could finally write their own story, instead of following along to some lamely written garbage.
Seriously, what's with this family and fire? It truly goes beyond a kink at this point!
“That was what happened after your little plan with the new Death backfired and I took the blunt!”
Dean wasn’t very used on things working in his favour.
And, even though the majority of the angels he had dealt with turned out being major dicks, there he was always, the exception to the rule, the most beautiful and pure being in the entire creation.
Not that he’d ever be admitted upstairs, he had done too many bad things and, although stopping an Apocalypse couldn’t be seen as ‘
He had always known that
The sheer number of books about the afterlife that they had laying around the bunker was exhausting just to look at.
And, just as he had dreamed about countless times, he let his eyes close as he gently placed his lips over Castiel’s.
Like his Uncle who wasn’t really his uncle but rather an old friend of his father who miraculously was not an asshole, unlike all the other friends of his father. There was a saying that went about how people find those like them, so assholes and assholes, and saints and saints. But his Uncle was different. He was kind, he knew his favourite food and had brought him his favourite book. He listened to him talking about cars and old movies and he replied to every question he might have.
The alarm clock began his infernal noise, the constant beeping plunging him away from Morpheus’ hand and bringing him back into the real sad and pie-less world.
It was supposedly human custom to laugh whenever someone else was, but that scene did not amuse Castiel and therefore he did not partake in the action, remaining seated on his chair and scanning the room with his eyes in the search for demonic activity.
I’d say something way worse about the bastard, but he doesn’t deserve my attention. And I'm not here, today, in front of y’all, during my brother’s wedding, to talk about that poor excuse of a human being who's currently being used as Juliette's lunch.
“What does he say?”
Seriously, I can’t understand which one of you hit the higher jackpot. On one hand you have arguably the best hunter in the world and on the other you have the best angel in creation. I’d say the scale’s pretty equal, I guess. ‘Cause you both are compassionate and caring and loving and a dozen of other sweet adjectives that I will not say, especially for Dean, ‘cause his ego is already big enough!
“I love you,” he said, voice still muffled on the lapels of Cas’ jacket, uncaring if his back would start hurting soon at the weird angle his body was. He had to say it as soon as he could. He had wasted too long not saying it.
Dean was just left there, speechless, staring at his open phone before shutting it violently. White hot spots appeared before his eyes, rage and sadness and hurt closing his vision. The room disappeared, the queen-sized bed gone from his mind and so the angel. He fell into a tunnel that didn't have end, while simply standing so completely still he might've been made of stone. A human trapped by the gorgon Medusa.
He was just a kid, and he should’ve behaved as such, he then added, elbowing Claire in the side as she snorted at his words.
Dean walked back to the cabin on slow feet, dreading every step. His feet dragged on the ground. It took him almost an entire hour to finish collecting all the pieces for the pyre, but it was worth it in the end. Cas deserved it to be perfect and Dean would give him perfection, even in this.
Because now he knew that he could lay his claim on the former angel, just as Castiel had done on him all those years prior in Hell.
Dean tried to turn around on himself, but his legs were frozen, almost trapped on the ground. Yet, he didn’t think there was any ground to begin with. There was nothing there, nothing to be felt, nothing to be seen. Only the Empty.
His brother’s eyes moved carefully from him and Castiel, back and forth in a scene that would have been comedic, if it wasn’t for the heavy air that had settled around them. Not with the way the former’s angel’s gaze had yet to drop from Dean and not with the way that he was trying to shrink away into the shadows, to be unseen. He had yet to cross looks with Castiel, but he already knew what he would see in his eyes: a burning rage, sadness, disappointment. Something that Dean always saw whenever people looked at him, once they reached past the first appearance of cockiness and bravado. Once they began to know him for more than a quick hook-up or a solved hunt.
Sure, he was not the scared little boy he had once been anymore and he had actually learnt something about magic along the way, but that didn't mean anything.
Dean was speechless. They had thought that the explosion caused the Empty to just shut down, close their doors and barricade inside. No one could’ve predicted this outcome.
He knew better than to ask her questions or to talk straight after she had woken up, especially from a nap, so he just raised the volume of the radio slightly, catching the quiet notes from the music that he had turned almost all the way down to let his kids sleep peacefully. Or, at least, as peacefully as they could in a moving car.
From then on, Castiel could do no wrong to my eyes.  He did knock me out just ‘cause he and Dean “
He didn't set the kitchen on fire with Jack trying to bake me a birthday cake, which was inedible, but still wonderful and touching.
There were so many weapons scattered around the room, after all: the knife he had used to cut his hand for the rite, still speckled with his dried blood and left on a shelf as a memento of what had just happened; the chains that hung from the roof and walls, long enough to wrap around his neck in case it was necessary; the swords that were carelessly placed inside an umbrella holder next to the door, ready to be unsheathed and pierced through his hardened, painful, black heart.
“Hey Cas! I got your fav, man! Bacon double cheese---awe man!!” Gabriel exclaimed, hefting the heavy bag from the local burger joint down the road as he pushed open the door to the motel room they were currently staying in. His enthusiasm was short-lived however, as he froze on the threshold at the sight that greeted him. While his brother and his angel had done a heck of a lot of denying--something Gabriel hadn’t bought--nothing quite prepared him to come back from a food run to find his little brother’s tongue down an angel’s throat. At his announcement the two had lept away from each other like they’d been burned but it was already too late--Gabriel was sure he was going to need brain bleach to get that mental image out of his  head!
Across from him Dean is in roughly the same condition. The scratch running down his cheek is bleeding and smeared halfway across his face but aside from that and a bump on his forehead he’s relatively unscathed. He blinks slowly at his brother, “Sam?” He asks, breaking the odd moment of silence that’s fallen between the two of them.
Castiel, for all that he’d been the one to kidnap Dean, had been nowhere to be found thus far. “He’s gotta keep up appearances.” Meg had explained when Dean had asked, and as much as he didn’t want to admit it, the idea was brilliant. If Castiel was at the set when Dean was discovered missing nobody would suspect him. Dean still didn’t know how he was supposed to feel about that but whatever his thoughts had been eclipsed by Meg telling him to feel lucky. “Trust me.” She’d said, her normal tone dropping into complete seriousness. “Be grateful he hasn’t come back yet. You won’t enjoy your stay after he does!” She had left shortly thereafter, leaving Dean to stew on his own.
“You know we can’t do that.” Castiel spoke up, his voice a strangled mix of sad and frustrated. “Dean said Asmoudeus needs to be stopped and we’re the only ones who can do so. We can’t let him do to someone else what he did to you.” The ‘and me’ remained unspoken but it hung like a noose in the air between the two of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
He thought morosely as he shuffled his way towards the bathroom. It was slow-going; the chain and ankle cuff weighed him down and clinked and groaned with every step he took.
Well this was awkward, to say the least. Dean frowned as Castiel hauled him forward so Gadreel could eye him over from head to toe. It was strangely intimate, making him squirm but Dean wisely kept his mouth shut. What would he say anyway? Castiel obviously knew the guy and since he hadn’t objected to them cutting in line Dean wasn’t willing to rock the boat.
Dean scoffed; he couldn’t help it; it was such a ridiculous question! “Course I’m up for it,” he drawled in his best imitation of a thick southern accent. “I’m Jensen Ackles; I’m ready for anything!” It was a convincing performance…or would have been if he hadn’t looked like day-old roadkill.
? She wonders, not for the first time, as she gets him settled. It’s awkward; Dean’s curled up on his side with his upper half leaning heavily against the fogged glass of the shower partition part of the tub. His eyes are still closed and he looks even more washed out than he did when he was splayed out on the floor. Meg sighs as she surveys him, hands on her hips. “Castiel so owes me for this!” She declares to no one as she reaches for the hand sprayer.
He doesn’t turn back until he hears the sounds of footsteps coming closer. Lifting his head Dean is relieved at seeing Sam heading towards him, his phone still in his hand. “Dean?” He calls out when he gets closer, frowning. “What happened? You okay?”
he do about it? There weren't any cameras in the bathrooms and the one in the lounge had only shown Castiel entering and leaving the omega bathroom, nothing else. Except for Dean there was no proof that anything untoward had even happened. For all that anyone else knew Castiel had been drunk and wound up going into the wrong bathroom for a piss. Hannah had made all that abundantly clear to Dean before he'd left and had again stressed him going to the hospital. Maybe if he’d been someone, anyone, else that would have been a viable option but for Dean it wasn’t.
He asked his reflection, but like the rest of him it had no answers.
For just shy of eternity, Gabriel stared. What else was there to do? His heart beat a hard rhythm in his chest as he stared down the one person he didn't think he'd ever see again. Asmodeus, and make no mistake it was clearly him, stared back with hooded, dark eyes that made Gabriel shudder for a whole different reason. Just the weight of his gaze upon Gabe made him feel vulnerable, like the man was staring through him to his soul. The flush spreading up from his chest was humiliating along with the barely kept in check urge to look down to confirm he was still fully clothed.
Liquid fire rushes through Dean’s veins as his heart clenches in his chest. His inner omega is screaming inside him and there;s nothing he can do. Nothing will help. The bite is unending and unwanted; it’s the worst violation Castiel could have inflicted on him. The rapes had destroyed his body and mind but this? The bite destroyed Dean down to his very soul. Before he passes out fully Dean feels that deeply treasured part of him inside die, engulfed in flames . . .
Below him Dean yelps and jerks away as much as he can, which isn’t nearly far enough. A shudder rips through him; he’s revolted. Cas is clearly drunk, no big surprise there, but he doesn’t want the alpha touching him. Not here. Not like this. While it’s not like this is the first time Cas has seen his cock, Dean feels exposed in a way he’s never felt before; perverse and bone deep.
...What had he done? The stoic side of him crumpled like a house of cards as the full weight of what Castiel had just done bore down on him. He’d literally sold his soul to the devil, and what was he getting in return? A year. Three hundred and sixty five days in which to try to explain to Gabriel just why he’d done what he did.
“Why?” Sam challenges, sticking his chin in the air. As far as he’s concerned Castiel’s gotten exactly what he deserved after what he did to Dean. “He hurt you, Dean! You
Meg, for her part, doesn’t disappoint. She crouches down within easy reach and spreads her arms like Dean’s one of her pups. “C’mere,” she cooed, her light melon scent settling over Dean like a light airy blanket. Dean wastes no time. He leans forward, ignoring his injuries, and practically melts into her warm embrace.
“Oh screw that!” Gabriel spat, too wound up and raring to go to stop and think things through. Castiel had a good point, he knew, but damned if he was going to wait around for them to get their thumbs out of their asses. He’d dealt with Asmodeus before and he knew every second counted. He raised the machete he’d grabbed from the car’s trunk as he went storming up to the door. He’d barely knocked upon it before the door flung open revealing a giant bear of a man with dark hair and a beard who eyed him distrustfully before opening a mouth full of pointed teeth. Gabriel didn’t hesitate--he swung the machete for the fences and sliced through the vampire’s neck like it was tissue paper. Its body dropped as the head went rolling...only to come to a stop at the feet of Castiel and Dean, who had finally caught up to him. “About time you two showed up!” Gabriel offered up before he hopped over the body and headed down the long unlit hallway that led deeper into the club. Gabriel kept an ear out, listening to the quiet sounds of Castiel and Dean following him as they moved deeper. Despite the rows of doors lining the hallway Gabriel ignored them all in favor for the one at the very end.
From the outside looking in, Dean Winchester was a male omega who had it all: moderate fame and fortune-- thanks to the kickass television show he starred in alongside his brother Sam. All in all, it was the apple pie life and Dean appeared to be eating it up with both hands.
hurts so much it’s overwhelming. His legs, thighs, and ass are a deep throb amongst the other pain, and even without seeing it Dean’s sure he’s probably bruised down to the bone in places. Castiel hadn’t held back, that much was for damn sure. Next in line are his sides, ribs, and face which feels pretty much like he’s went several rounds at the wrong end of a pair of fists, and oh. Wait. He did, didn’t he? Remembrance hits him dead in the chest with all the weight of a freight train leaving Dean floundering and breathless.
That unusual spike of wrongness flooded through his being as he considered the long hallway before him. It was like any other hall in heaven: full of white light and multiple doors containing souls of the deceased except for the very end. There stood a massive white door that curved into a peak at the top and somehow managed to look imposing despite the fact it was simply a door. Had Dean been a lesser angel he would have turned and flown for it, risking whatever punishment would await him afterwards. Unfortunately Dean wasn’t the type to back down just because something seemed off to him. No, he was more of a keep going and punch his way through. Which is why, despite his reservations, he found himself heading towards that white door.
Sam doesn’t say anything but from the corner of his eye Dean sees him pull his phone from his pocket. Relief and some other nameless emotions bubble to the forefront as he watched Sam walk away, phone to his ear. Letting out a breath he turns back to find Castiel staring up at him.
From their position in the front seat Hannah smiled sadly up at Meg. “I will.” They promised. “Keep yourself safe until then and get out as soon as you can. I’ll be waiting for you.” They glanced into the rearview mirror at Dean for a long moment before turning back to Meg. “We’d better get going.”
he thought, though he doubted it. His problems were bigger than a simple cafeteria meal could fix.
Sam explains it all in a rush: Dean’s disappearance, Sam finding him here in the street, the way he’s so still and thin and dirty…. By the time the operator says there’s help on the way Sam feels like he’s just barely hanging on to his sanity. He crosses the few steps back towards his brother and sinks down right there uncaring of the ugly blend of smells or the cold. The voice on the phone cautioned him against touching his brother so Sam won’t but he needs to be near him.
“How about I go get us a drink? They have a highly recommended blonde ale here that I believe you’ll enjoy.” Castiel offered though he looked hesitant like he was ready to leave if Dean mentioned wanting to do so. “I can order our food as well. Did you still want to try the meatballs?”
Surprisingly it was the demon who cracked first. It tossed its vessels head back and laughed. “I like you!” It declared with a saucy grin and a wink.
Glancing at the clock again, he winced, noting the time. Bobby was going to have his head if he was much later. “Dammit!” He swore, hitting a fist against the steering wheel. As much as he hated to admit it, he didn’t have time for this! Whatever was up with Dean was just going to have to wait until he was done with work. Mind made up, he pushed the weird thoughts to the back of his mind and pulled out of the lot. Surely Dean could take care of himself for another day?
“You…don’t remember?” It’s Hannah who breaks the silence, their voice filled with trepidation. They turn wide eyes on Dean, their face set into a frown. “I found you in the omega restroom...” They begin, gaze darting from Dean to Gadreel, who pushes off the wall to come closer to the couch Dean’s laying on. “You were unconscious. I-I…
because of what he did! Why should I care? Huh?!”
He promises himself as his eyes slip closed.
He cries and trembles, mind cast adrift and refusing to connect with the rest of his body. The air in the room is stifling, the heady combination of aroused alpha and frightened omega a bitter tang against Dean’s tongue. Castiel is everywhere; on him,
Ten minutes later Dean had two takeout cups in his hands; one filled to the brim with nothing but ice and the other bubbling merrily with cola. For the longest time he just sat there and stared, his hand clutching the waxed cups hard enough to bend them.
He promised himself as he made his way to the kitchen.
“Oh.” The boy looked disappointed as Sam came up to the counter to pay. “He was in here earlier this week but he didn’t look like he was feeling good. He was shaking and he spilled coffee all over the place.” He rang up the coffee. “That’ll be $2.48.”
Sweet heaven above! Dean was startled to find the light was not a light after all, but a soul. Up close the inside of the soul stood the ghostly outline of a young man with tousled hair and piercing eyes. It was a stark contrast to the twisted evil creature the soul was becoming on the outside. It was twisted into a shape no human could ever hope to achieve with burnt, black skin hanging loosely off it. The face was barely more than a twisted skull with pitch black eyes and matching horns protruding from above its temples. There was a bloody knife held tight in one of its clawed hands and Dean found himself horrified all over again. Against his will his eyes followed the path of the knife and he felt a sharp stab of something when it dangled above an equally bloody soul bound to a slab before the soul. Dean couldn’t help it; he backpedaled. This was the soul he was here for, there was no doubt about it, but he couldn’t help being scared of the creature in front of him. It wasn’t so much the demonic appearance of the soul; he’d expected that on some level, but nothing had prepared him for seeing just how far it’d become.
“Spitfire eh? Sounds like my kinda gal!” Dean chuckled as he followed along behind Castiel. He didn’t miss the fondness of Castiel’s tone and it made him curious about what this friend of his was like, aside from being obviously feisty. He wouldn’t classify himself as jealous but there was a twinge of something there. ”Where are we going?”
This was...it was too much. Dean was beyond floored and he honestly didn’t know what to do about any of this. Bobby wasn’t wrong; becoming the leader of his own garrison of angels someday had been Dean’s dream for some time. But
Warnings: Vomit, severely depressed Dean.
Dean closed his eyes and didn’t bother with a reply. There was probably a whole host of things he could say but he just didn’t feel like it. Whatever small ray of defiance that had flared up in him was gone as quick as it’d come.
~*~*~
“Drive safe, both of you.” Meg told them, barely holding back a wave of tears that were threatening to escape. “I’ll be waiting for your call.” Then, before Hannah could see her cry, Meg turned and fled back towards the house. Behind her she heard the car start and pull out.
“Aww, poor baby!” She cooed as she drops to her knees beside him on the floor. “You’re so miserable, aren’t you?” She reaches out and gently cards her fingers through his sweaty hair, pushing it back from his face. “I wish there was something I could give you,” Meg says, and to her credit she does sound regretful, “But I don’t have anything here that would help much with this.”
The bartender had approached them slowly, carefully watching as Castiel seemed lost and was watching intensely the light reflect off the bottles. To Dean, who had just spent two days with the Angel and now knew his mannerism, it was endearing and so incredibly cute, but to a stranger, especially one used to be around drunken people, it was probably a sign that they had taken too far.
Next up is everyone's favourite trickster with a very specific rendition of a specific song that gives a certain Samuel nightmares...
He was
He was thinking back to how happy Cas had seemed just a couple of moments earlier, before that monster had decided to take him away from Dean.
They had wasted too much time pretending and pining in silence and Dean wasn’t going to make the same mistake twice.
On the non-existent walls appeared an image that made his heart ache with pain: him on his knees, staring frozen at Castiel’s corpse, wondering just what he was supposed to do now that he was gone. The memory was from a couple of years before, yet the pain was still fresh, the wound reopened recently again.
“Dean,” he started, inching closer to the circle on the floor, as if he was slowly approaching a wounded animal. He thought that the comparison wasn’t that far off, given the circumstances. “I get it, I miss him too, but if Jack’s not powerful enough to do it… It’s risky, have you really thought about the consequences? Don’t you remember what happened when Nick tried to summon someone out of there?”
It did happen once, not with Cas, and I gotta say, I am still scarred. There are things I never wanted to see and I’m gonna be the first one to try those memory erasers that scientist have been trying to make. I need to forget.
“Yeah, but I’m used to pull all-nighters with an empty stomach, so nothing to worry about” he claimed, trying to turn back to his books. A hand on his shoulder stopped his motion and he now had to face the Angel while trying to keep his head straight.
“He will live a mortal life, he will die a mortal death, the entire package deal. And the best part is that I will never see him again. Because, if I do, I will destroy your precious planet myself. Did I make myself clear enough?” the Shadow asked, pulling him out of his spiralling mind.
“I just need coffee” he yelled, his breath increasing in rapidity and his eyes blown wide in what Castiel realized was fear.
Nevertheless, he could easily drive around clearing his head during the day, while still being productive, so that his brain wouldn’t eat him up for being a lazy asshole that deserved nothing. All he had to do was letting Baby take him wherever he needed to go, trusting her with his life.
Dean, no. I know it’s your wedding, but it’s my speech and this room is already full of your massive ego, you gotta learn how to share the spotlight, man! Seriously! Do you even know how long I’ve had this thing prepared? Why do you think it took us so little to organise the wedding? I, Charlie, Garth and Kevin had had plans for a long time for this day.
his mind screamed at Castiel, for once wishing to be read. The plan actually worked as the angel was now looking at him with a perplexed and slightly hurt expression. Dean then sighed, running again a hand through his messy hair, before saying: "Listen, Cas. Never say something like that in front of me ever again or I'll stab ya. Again. I take my pie very seriously."
“You’re right. It was Chuck all along,” Dean nodded, removing himself from their shared embrace to continue pacing around the room, a wild look crossing over his wonderful eyes. “We never should’ve left Sam and Jack. We should be there with them now.” A bitter laugh came out of him, a weak sound that froze Castiel’s blood in his veins, if he was using the metaphor correctly.
ALso, He's a disaster bi it's canon
Still, he managed to stop at a random red light in the middle of nowhere. How, he didn’t know. His best guess was that whoever was keeping an eye on him had grown tired of his bullshit, of his running away from his problems. Hell, he must have crossed over a dozen red lights without noticing, speeding through the night, but for some reason this one brought him back to reality.
He extended himself out of the vehicle, removing his belt and closing the door as the hunter had done, and began walking towards the said human. He simply could not understand the concept of eating, for it was beneath him and his siblings. Every human aspect was beneath him, yet here he was, entering a room that smelled of oil and salt above all, following an insolent hunter who was now seated next to a small table and was eyeing rather aggressively a small piece of rigid paper.
“Who or what the hell are you?” he asked the stranger, who slowly looked up from his hands. His eyes were even bluer up close, Dean thought.
Cas. He had gone back into the house, to some task that Dean couldn’t remember about, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He knew that he should’ve followed, a voice in the back of his head whispered at him to do so, but he couldn’t get up.
Many considered people like him as abominations, against nature. But how could something like love be against nature, he wondered during his many restless nights. And then there was the conundrum about him being a murdered, a stone-cold death machine.
He immediately saw the hunter grab the contents of his plate voraciously, quickly biting into it as soon as the waitress left them alone. He took a few seconds to chew the contents of his mouth, closing his eyes to savour the moment. Castiel could only stare, unsure of what exactly he was supposed to do with the food and studying the hunter’s stance as he ate. It was a rather peculiar moment, one he was positive he would have laughed at, was it any one of his siblings in his place.
He started tearing at them, relying on muscle memory to guide him through the motions of something he had done too many times. Each time, he wondered what it would feel to have it done to him, what he would feel as he burned in a pyre.
“Are you saying you’d like to do this again sometime and go on an actual date with me?!”
Yet he kept his silence, for everything was better than losing him over something so stupid like romance. After all, he knew better than to risk his neck telling people how he truly felt, who he truly was and was not. Why admitting to something that might be your doom anyway, right?
Alright, people! I’m about to rock your worlds!
He had to work alone now. He would go upstairs to Sam and make the Spawn listen. He would get his Angel back, no matter what the cost.
Driving always put him in a good mood, just like it did when he was younger.
Still, he entranced in the thought of what Heaven could be like, if he was granted admission. He imagined it to be full of light and of singing and of prayers, a metaphysical place that had nothing to do with the real-life, happy and distant from all the sorrow that distinguished the human condition, populated by kind souls and angels with halos and fluffy wings, all of them singing and playing harps and violins to their hearts’ content.
"Relax Cas, I'm just joking," he said while chuckling, never taking his eyes from the road in front of them.
They maintained a comfortable silence, Dean too preoccupied in his own introspection to keep the conversation going. If it could be considered a conversation and not just a train-wreck on fire going straight towards a broken bridge standing in the middle of a 200 feet fall.
They had come across a devil’s trap in their research the previous night, around midnight. Dean had almost missed it, in the countless books Castiel had brought, too busy doubting his ability of finding a single helpful thing, when his eyes landed on the not that intricate drawing.
At least not yet. We were off to a racy topic indeed.
It was just a matter of time before his luck ran out.
Dean Winchester was too familiar with Death, he bitterly realised as the tears never came. He had spent too many years holding himself back, being presentable and staying put, never making a sound out of line. And now, now that he wanted to yell at the skies with all his might, he couldn’t.
All those he had lost.
He could feel the tension in the room rise once again. He did not understand. Usually, humans, especially after sharing an intimate moment, would not prepare to fight each other, would not stand on a defensive ground, would not refuse to acknowledge each other.
Not bad for the guy who wouldn’t live past 30, he thought, shutting off the lights.
His eyes were set on her and he studied her up and down, taking notice of her movements, as if he was torn between attraction and cautiousness towards the walking human. "
A testament that would never see the light of day, a reminder of hope and wishes shattered and lost into the capricious wills of heartless beings.
birthday, his father had gifted it to him, making up for 12 years of missed birthday and Christmas presents. His Baby was everything to him, second only to his father and brother. He cherished it like it was his own child, even more. She was an extension of his soul, a part of his body. He trusted her with his life, never betrayed him once. He felt way more comfortable cramped up in the driver seat than in any spacious room.
He just wanted peace. But, of course, he was never getting it. It was all an illusion, free will, an invisible trap that kept every human tied down, that prevented them to do anything that it wasn’t already written. Because that was Chuck’s whole ordeal, he loved to play the puppet master, the entire planet was his personal playground, no matter how much he liked to pretend otherwise.
They both deserved that, Dean thought as he watched Jack’s face light up once more, excitement visible, practically vibrating on his seat.
"Well, I do not know the difference between the two, but I can assure you, no demon has been faced by a female
“So, here’s the plan,” he explained, gesturing to the table full of books and scrambled notes, “We go to bed now, it’s getting pretty late, and, in the morning, we split all those books that I haven’t even touched yet, we get back to searching and we find a way to get Castiel back, alright? ‘Cause me and him have a little bit to talk about, with some unfinished business, to keep this PG. And then, off we go to our well-earned vacation.”
Congrats or whatever, you are gonna pay for my therapy.
Anyway, I'm pretty sure there was someone else already lined up for this spot as the ‘
?” Sam asked, the panic rising in his voice barely audible and discernible from his usual tone, to a non-trained ear. But Dean knew by heart every single change in pitch that his brother did, no matter how minimal or quiet it was, and he rushed with his reply, reassuring and calming: “I mean that the Shadow did say that, after the explosion, all of their previous occupants were now awake and so they just… removed them!”
“And… you’re mocking me right now!” he added, burying once again his face in Castiel’s neck, playfully leaving brief kisses to the exposed skin, causing the angel to shiver despite the warm weather.
Additionally, I also got Sam and Eileen and I get to watch her kick his ass at literally everything on a weekly basis, which is awesome. And, I’m just gonna say it: best Aunt and Uncle ever!
"These people, they might react badly to seeing you as a guy staying in my room with only one queen-sized bed. A lot of them are old fashioned, including the man that runs the motel, so when we go in we say that you and I work together and Imma get you a separate room. So you can stay there. You know, to keep the pretences up."
Hell, he had even told the angel how he sometimes liked to put on Taylor Swift on shuffle and just feel, only to be met with a simple nod of his head and a murmured ‘
Because if he let himself go, then he would lose his mind, and with everything going on, his mind was the only thing he could rely on.
"...what is it?"
He could still pretend, for a little longer, that this wasn’t real, that he hadn’t lost his best friend, that he wasn’t alone. If he only left the sheet on, didn’t touch it, left that cabin, that life. It would be too easy, to take Baby and just drive until the gas ran out, and to just sit there, at the edge of the world, waiting for the End. It would be peaceful, then, he wouldn’t need to fight anymore, just take in the scene and breathe, one last time.
He did not understand what the hunter was talking about, but judging by the seriousness of his speech and the gravity in his tone, he decided not to push the situation. They had lost already too much time and he was supposed to finish his mission quickly.
let me know if you manage to spot a certain quote! ;)
But, unfortunately, that seemed to have been a one-time deal. That first time, it was the Empty themselves that had spat out Cas back, just so they could go back to dreamland, just so they could take out the distracting Angel that had awoken them, causing them pain. And Jack, albeit powerful, was still learning what he could and could not do, and pulling angels out of there wasn’t amid his powers. Especially now that they were awake and incredibly pissed, even if they were confined in their own pocket of space.
s’,” he commented after his first bite of the chicken sandwich he had created out of nowhere, his ability at making seemingly satisfying food out of nothing still useful as when he was 10, deciding to forego the beer that was now sitting alone in the fridge. He needed his brain to work and the alcohol would have only clouded his judgment, making him sleepy when all he wanted to do was find the answers to his desperate request.
Or, at least, brought back from the Empty to accomplish!
It was just so easy, being there in peace. It was all he had ever dreamed of. Well, almost all.
Besides, there was a very long list of all the things that would have been better than sharing a single paradise with his brother, relieving his own happiest memories, while a knife twisted in his chest at the knowledge that Sammy’s fondest memories either didn’t picture him or were straight out of his worst nightmares.
He knew, deep down on the rational side of his brain, that Sam would’ve understood, if only he managed to talk about it. He had just lost Eileen, after all. They shared the same pain.
He playfully shoved Cas a little with his shoulder, letting his arms fall to the angel’s side to hold firmly onto his hips, hooking his fingers through the belt loops of his jeans. Another difference from before and now, was the fact that Cas wore different clothes, instead of always being in full suit and trench coat ensemble.
Chuck and Amara now seemed like a walk in the park, he thought bitterly. He and Sam had been able to defeat the greatest and most powerful beings in the Universe only by sheer dumb fortune and an insane amount of magic. There was no way in Hell or Heaven or Purgatory that he would be able to one-up himself, with only his meek abilities as a hunter.
What’s up, bitches? Are you guys having fun?
And now, he was working on his own happiness, doing what he loved with the people he loved, happily married to the love of his life and with a network of people that cared about him, not because he was a Winchester and a damn good hunter, but because he was
, as Sam always commented, and they always had each other’s backs no matter the fight, but they also found solace in each other’s presence, silently and tiredly throughout the days and nights. They drank coffee in the morning before Jack woke up, they had movie nights when they stayed huddled on the couch, sharing warmth and a blanket, they went on dates and held each other’s hand.
His mind couldn’t stop replaying the moment he realised that Castiel loved him back, just as much as he did. His words had hurt more than bullets, letting Dean know that all the time he had wasted holding back his tongue and his heart was futile. If only he had been braver, less of an idiot, he could have had the love of his life in his arms. He could’ve been happy.
“Why? I’m not gonna complain, but why?”
With his father MIA on another hunt and with his brother out of business, he was utterly alone. He was tempted to even call Bobby, but that might’ve crossed one of the lines his father had drawn with the other hunter.
but failing on the pronunciation of the last syllable?"
Dean counted each passing beat, not knowing when the axe would drop on his neck, guillotining him in the same spot his heart had already died, just a few days before. 10, 20, 30 seconds passed and with them, Dean’s heart sank, lower and lower and lower than he thought possible.
“You know,” he said, once they were back in the main room, Dean resuming his readings while Miracle laid next to him, resting his old bones, “I have always thought that I’d die young, in full guns out glory. But maybe not anymore, right?”
"Claire’s gonna love this book, we talked about it just yesterday! And a coloring one for Jack feels right, you totally were spot on. Now… where is mine?"
I mean, seriously! I got killed off! That wasn’t very LGBTQ+ friendly, if anything it was a big giant Bury Your Gays. And also misogyny to further along the man pain and plotline.
He was the one who saw him, broken edges and sarcasm, and chose to stay by his side, no matter what.
Dean was incredibly lucky he had already fallen in love with him on Earth, luckier that by some miracle his feelings might be corresponded, because he wouldn’t have stood a chance otherwise. One look at this Cas, this powerful being that radiated love and peace, and he would have combusted on the spot.
He had work to do, evils to defeat, gods to dethrone. And he needed his mind to be unclouded to survive, so he limited himself.
Would a portal appear, open up and lead him into the Empty, acting as a door to another dimension? Would he disappear and magically get transported there, wherever there was? Would he be alone, or would the Shadow take on someone’s form just to taunt him?
There had been something about the unfazed look on Castiel’s face as he calmly took the knife out of his chest, not a single drop of blood dirtying the blade, that sent Dean’s heart flying high on the sky, higher than a kite.
All those years back, Jack had awoken Cas, causing the Empty to send him back to gain their peace, but Dean doubted he’d have the same luck twice, no matter how hard he prayed.
“You’re okay? Did she mess around with your memories some more?”
"Wait, you go nothing for me?"
It was stark, the contrast with the missing tan trench coat, but it made his heart swell nevertheless.
"Not even for funzies?"
Dean looked up at them with wide eyes, terrified and relieved at the same time. He had always thought that a perpetual sleep would have been better for someone like him, with a soul weighted by as many horrors and ghosts as he was. There was mercy in oblivion.
It had been a dream of his, especially since Sammy had left to try and do just that. And it seemed possible around Castiel. But in the real world dreams were nothing.
And Dean ran, back to his room, ready to go to war with the only plot hole that remained in his story.
“You did not know anything about the supernatural when you were Jack’s age,” Castiel commented in earnest, eliciting a surprised laugh out of Dean.
Stop throwing silverware at me, you two heathens! Fine, that was my queue to leave. Anyone wants to talk?
This was definitely better than just reliving some good recollection from Earth.
“Alright, smartass, it was a figure of speech.”
It was Dean’s turn to be confused and puzzled now, even without the little head tilt. There was a body next to them. That usually meant that the job was done. They just had to salt 'n' burn it. Right?
He gingerly touched the fabric, for one last time, he could pretend that this wasn’t real, that it was him down there instead of his Angel. He wished at least.
he silently prayed, but then regretted it as soon as Castiel's expression changed once he heard his thought.
, and Dean didn’t have the heart to disagree. After all, he knew what an empty stomach during a hunt could do.
. Exasperated already at the possible childish behaviour, he cracked open his eyes and panicked immensely at the sight in front of him.
If anything, the more he learnt about the Supernatural, the more he found it all mundane.
“You do not have durable teeth, nor knees, nor intestines. Your bodies are not made to last. Fish is going to outlive humanity. A cockroach even!”
He thought about his own room, how it was one of the biggest ones in the bunker, with an ensuite and with enough space to comfortably fit a king-sized bed. They’d have to go mattress shopping in the near future, in between all the countless conversations they’d have to have eventually, but, for now, Dean couldn’t help himself but dream, allowing himself to do something he had considered forbidden for too long.
, he began to fumble account the plastic stripe. It seemed like he had somehow gotten the hang of it when he managed to unfold it.
“How? I mean, I’m not complaining, but last I heard you were in Heaven’s lockup,” he said, moving to sit in the empty spot next to the older man. It was clear that he had been there, expecting Dean to get his peachy ass up, and the knowledge warmed him deeply. After all, he knew that his father and his mother were already there, but having Bobby right there meant more to him. And he really wanted to know whether or not
So, finally, Dean took in the room they had just appeared in; no one seemed to have moved since he had left, when he disappeared right in front of them, which gave him hope that the number of days he had feared were gone by, had yet to pass. Jack was still sitting cross-legged on the cold floor, nervously chewing on the plastic ends of the strings of his grey hoodie, a hand-me-down that Dean himself had passed on the kid a few years back; his complete attention was focused on the ball of fur that rested over his lap, Miracle laying on him, seemingly asleep, as Jack petted him absentmindedly. Rowena was seated at the edge of the devil’s trap, ever the Queen, her posture perfect, outwardly unfazed by her surroundings, if it wasn’t for her gaze, fixed on the flaming bowl that Dean had lit up before vanishing off their collective sights. It was now going out slowly, being put out by some invisible force, as she watched it apprehensively. Sam and Eileen stood nearby as well, leaning against a bookcase with Sam fretting with his hands, an action that Dean hadn’t seen him do in such a long time, not since they were children anxiously waiting for their father’s return, and Eileen rubbing soothing circles on his arm and back, comforting him and silently assuring him that everything would be alright.
“You okay?” Sam asked, placing a hand over his unscarred shoulder and levelling him with his gaze that he recognised all too well. He had used the same method time and time again, checking in on his little brother, reassuring and comforting.
He hadn’t even realised that Sam had left him there, kneeling on the floor over a
Nevertheless, he soldiered on. He was a Winchester, after all, not just some random coward off the side of the road. “’Cause you’re an angel,” he began, already cursing his foolishness. Had he forgotten the tiny detail of Castiel’s new form, all due to his stupidity? “Were, sorry.”
"Now, Cassiel. Buckle up, I don't want any cops to stop me cause you're not wearing your belt."
“Jack happened,” Cas began in earnest, pride hearable in his words, “after he took on Chuck’s powers, he opened the doors of the Empty, letting all of the angels and demons leave so that they could get back to sleep.”
“Dean. I gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition,” he declared stoically, clearing his voice and head of emotions and using the tone that had commanded thousands of soldiers to battle for the glory of Heaven. “You finally have the chance to repay me,” he then added with a sad smile, knowing that the time spent together had been the most meaningful in his entire existence, in the thousands of millennia he witnessed passing.
For once in his life, Dean managed to keep his mouth shut, to bite down the retort that was just at the tip of his tongue, ready to get out and get him killed. He simply listened to their monologue, as the Shadow kept on talking, resuming a seemingly calm appearance. But he didn’t let their presence fool him, remaining vigilant to their every shift in pitch, in posture. Too many times he had forgotten just how volatile and fickle all of those cosmic entities he had dealt throughout his life were, and more than once he and his brother had risked their necks dealing with the consequences of their ignorance.
He nodded gravely, “Stinky bugs are everywhere, that’s true. But I don’t believe you!” Dean tried not to think too much about bugs and such, but it was impossible. Almost all of the crappy motels he had lived in had at least a spider infestation and he had woken up many times with something natural crawling up the walls. Monsters were easy to kill, but nothing gave him more pride than being able to throw his shoe at the wall and nail perfectly an insect that had ruined his sleep.
Sam’s eyes softened at that, as if he was just now beginning to understand Dean’s situation. He still doubted, especially with all that was unspoken between him and his Angel, but the sentiment warmed him up still. The knowledge, at the back of his head, that his brother might approve and accept him, if he only was brave enough to share his part.
At least, Sammy had found happiness again, a shining light at the end of the grim tunnel that was their lives. She understood the pain, the trauma, the waking up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat and pouring a salt ring around the bed. She understood the life and she might be what Sam needed to settle down, to help the new generation of hunters make the world a better place, to live the normal life he had always dreamed of, mixed with all the weird stuff that they had grown up with.
He must’ve been joking, right? Dean couldn’t believe it, by the slightest. He probably didn’t need him and was actually using him to amuse himself.
And, oh boy, were they interrupted! It almost felt like Sam had a radar of sorts, always walking in on them sharing a private moment filled with tension and unspoken words.
“I believe it would be best if we left this place, since she will not come back," said the angel out of the blue.
He figured that, since he was dealing with an almighty being, Castiel wouldn't treat him differently just because he was messed up in the head. He was looking down at him as if he was a mere piece of dirt and would keep on looking at him the same way, without the typical pity people had.
at the top of her lungs.
They hopped on the ground in tandem, reluctantly letting go of each other’s hand only after they shared a quick and chaste kiss. Dean briefly mourned the loss of Cas’ heat next to him, only to be reminded that he did get to have all the happiness he deserved, for eternity.
Dean couldn’t help himself from laughing, holding onto the dog and cuddling the beast. How could have he forgotten! He had taken him home once everything had settled down, forcing Sam to go and get all the necessary supplies while he and Miracle made a trip to the vet to check him out. He was terrified of another bad news, of another tragedy, but Miracle was in perfect health and acquainted himself with the bunker straight on.
Right on cue, the young waitress arrived at the table, smiling kindly and placing the plates in front of them. The content consisted of a disk of beef meat over various vegetables and some dairy cheese, closed inside two slices of levitated bread and rectangular and long shaped potatoes. Humans called each
Instead, he chose a more direct approach: “You should rest. Human brains need to recover and reset.”
or whatever that shit was called, he knew the symptoms well enough by now: his father and his brother were arguing and he was there, in the middle, trying to make them stop before someone called the cops. But he just couldn’t take it anymore.
A sudden loud crash put his mind out of the bitter memories, bringing him back to a present where John Winchester was long gone, yet his actions still weren’t. His poisonous teachings were still holding him back, his cruel words still twisted in his chest like a knife.
But that wasn’t his choice to make: years before, he had told Castiel that he would have him, cursed or not, and the sentiment still stood. Human or angel, there was no Universe in which Dean wouldn’t have loved Castiel no matter what. Who could tell if the feeling would and could be shared?
Anyway. Sorry, one of the sparks from Cas’ first entrance just got in my eye.
“Next time we meet, I’ll try to make a greater entrance,” he claimed, taking a step back to avoid the temptation to stay, “Just, please try to avoid stabbing me on our next encounter, Dean.”
“How’s little brother?” she asked, her black eyes seemed to shine as she spoke, despite the lack of light, “You know, one of our Princes has plans for him…” she continued, twisting a strand of her own hair through her fingers as if she had all the time in the world.
And Cas, bless his wonderful soul and grace, still held him like he was something precious, moved his hands to cup both his cheeks and gently caressed him. Dean leaned into the touch, unable to suppress himself any longer. He didn’t have to refrain anymore; he was finally free to do something he had waited years for.
“Oh, trust me, Cas, I believe it too. Look at your cheeks!”
But, nothing in his existence could have prepared him for the gust of energy he would feel the instant the Hunter placed his lips on his vessel’s. He could distinctively feel the warmth of his body, pressed closely to his side as he moved closer, drawn by an invisible force. The air around them seemed to electrify and he was overwhelmed by the urge to close his eyes.
“She’s coming” Castiel uttered, bringing him out of his mind, just in time for him to scatter away to a corner an disappear in the shadows as well as he could.
his mind whispered, happily for once.
He begrudgingly had to admit that the hunter had guessed correctly.
Taking one last deep breath, he went out of the door, ready to face the day again.
“You see,” they continued, adjusting themselves on the throne, looking more regal than before, even when clad in old leather with the last face a demon wore before her death, “before, it was quiet here! I could sleep all I wanted, undisturbed! Then, your little angel came and was rudely subsequentially awoken, waking me up alongside him. And I had to kick him out, hoping that afterwards, all would’ve come back as it was before. And I was mistaken. I should have forced him to fall asleep like all the others, because that pesky little friend of yours was my downfall. The new Death took the opportunity to begin her plans and, with me awake, they could do all they wanted. She used me as a hideout for the Nephilim and when shit hit the fan and her plan was ruined, they dumped him here. I took all the blunt from the impact and now almost every single angel and demon that has ever died is awake, screaming. You understand, why I am visibly upset, don’t you?”
Instead, the two of them had talked the entire time until she fell asleep, for over eight hours, about their WandaVision theories and how it would link to the rest of the previous and upcoming MCU, about the new instalments in the Star Wars Universe, about Lovecraft and Vonnegut, while blasting Led Zeppelin and blink-182 from the radio, with Jack completely engrossed on his book in the backseat.
Dean would rather just sleep until the End, no-one to tell him what to do and not a single task to deal with, just complete peace without having to move a muscle, his well-earned rest. He thought he deserved something like that, but so far nor Heaven nor Hell and neither Purgatory offered that sort of package deal.
, "Don't worry Cas, she'll get back soon!" The sudden change worried Castiel, but he didn't comment, understanding how the hunter might have modified the situation to conceal their conversation from prying ears.
But he just couldn’t take it anymore. He couldn’t stomach the belittlement and the mental games and the abandonment and the fights and the bruises and the constant needing to patch himself up.
“Please, Dean. I need to say this, now.”
But he had orders to follow. He was about to counteract that there was no ‘
“Maybe…” the angel replied, removing the piece of fabric in one swift move, despite the tiny space they were in, “If I recall correctly, we have never done anything inside the Impala…” he trailed off, laying horizontally over Dean on the backseat.
he thought to himself, shielding his mind to avoid the possibility of one of his siblings or even a mortal psychic to listen to his internal commentary.
"What a perfect explanation. Tell me, Deanna, did you study the English language in-depth?" asked the angel with a small smile on his lips.
He had tossed and turned the entire night, incapable of finding solace and, eventually, falling into a light sleep that had drained him of all his remaining energy. And he had spiralled down in a nightmare that had plagued him with all he had lost.
But, nothing came. At least, nothing harsh.
"Can we please call them '
He shot a quick text to his father, telling him that he was ready to jump into the next job. He knew that John Winchester would grill him for taking so long and would want to know everything that had happened, if only to tell Dean how many mistakes he had done. He would have to skim over some details, completely avoiding any mention of Castiel’s vessel, but he could do it.
“Yeah, so you’ve told me. And then you left, over and over. Even when you were human. I have always known I’d never be someone’s first choice, I wasn’t expecting anything at all. I should’ve known better than to get my hopes up and I didn’t want to destroy our friendship just cause I couldn’t help myself falling in love with you. And then, you said all those things before the Empty took you, knowing that I’d be too surprised to respond! Not cool, man, really not cool. So, I, I don’t know… it didn’t sit right with me that you weren’t around.”
But he had killed her, so her plan was out. He doubted the new Death would give them the same treatment, not with Jack around.
And with one last goodbye, he closed his eyes.
And now he had absolutely no idea of where he might end up. It both thrilled and terrified him to no end. For the first time in years, he wasn’t so sure of the outcome of his death.
Which, for Dean and Cas, meant giving him structure and safety and love, being the parental figure that neither of them had ever had, and, for Claire, it meant being his big sister, helping him pull pranks on their
He nodded along absently, not really sure of what he should say. Thankfully for him, though, Miracle saved the day. He moved forward from his hiding place under the table, sniffing Jack’s legs before shuffling his tail excitedly. “Jack, meet Miracle. Miracle, Jack.”
The thing is: I still have nightmares and I’m so glad I moved out of the bunker straight after Cas got back, ‘cause my brain already needs bleach from all I had to endure in the past decade, nay in my entire life. I don’t wanna risk having to claw my eyes out myself ‘cause someone forgot to put a sock on the handle.
"I do not eat, Dean."
While the demon possessed her, she had made several claims regarding the hunter and his family. But that all must have been a lie, for demons only lied.
would be his ending, his destiny was to pass away with a gun in his hand during a hunt gone south, one final blaze of glory before his final breath, a hot trail of dead monsters in his wake. And, during the years, he had died many times, screwing up all the statistics and the odds, but it never felt final.
And, with one final leap of faith, Dean let the light engulf them, Castiel carefully nested in his arms, safe and sound and where he was meant to be, at last.
“Yeah… no, right,” he stumbled over the words, as if they did not wish to leave his brain.
“Is that supposed to be an innuendo?”
, however regular a monster could be.
"So, hot wings. How do we track down the chick?"
Hell, I didn’t want Castiel in my life! I was so angry and scared and fucking traumatised. It’s a good thing that we have shifter and vampire and wraith shrinks, otherwise I’d be locked up in some asylum. Along with most of y’all!
“Well, then,” he said, removing almost painfully from their tight embrace, “If you need me, you can pray to me and I will be able to hear you.” Not many prayed directly to him anymore, humans choosing to take a direct and bold route that lead to an empty chair nowadays. But Castiel doubted he could miss the Hunter’s voice ringing in his ears if it did happen.
"Are you talking to me? Because my name happens to have a '
He was thankful that the angel was turned towards the wall of evidence and was not looking at him, so he missed the blush that creeped on his cheeks. Only Sam had been impressed with his research, and that was when he was eight.
“BLEACH! LIKE, ACTUAL FUCKING BURNING ACID DRIPPING DOWN MY EYES, I AM SCARRED FOR LIFE!” Sam continued to cry out like a banshee, but his voice was growing more distant with every new repetition of the word ‘
