“Alright. Goodnight.” Sam flicked his wrist in half a wave and ran off to bed.
“Surprisingly well.” he won’t elaborate further.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to disturb you.” Cas had said.
Dean wasn't completely convinced, but he was tired of talking in circles. They both stood up.
The cleaning supplies get squared away and Cas heads to his own room. He doesn’t need to sleep, and his bed shows it. The covers are neatly folded up and perfectly straightened. Cas never even sits on it. His room is completely bare, and it would appear that nobody lives here at all except for the few possessions it contains. One drawer holds a spare trench coat and a couple of ties. Cas’ charger and phone dangle off of the nightstand. Another drawer holds Dean’s old walkman and the mixtape that Dean made for Cas.
Our boys trailed behind him. On the computer screen in front of me, the ending Chuck showed me glowed white in the darkness of my living room. I sat, dumbfounded, for what felt like hours. What had just happened? My husband was back and he seemed to think everything was fine. It was not fine! My ex shows up out of nowhere and zaps us out of existence? I couldn’t wrap my head around it. But I didn’t have to for very long. There was another flash as Kansas swelled more and then faded altogether from my head, a sound apparently only I could hear since Rod didn’t say anything about it.
Silly, Cas. There is no longer reason to fear. Even though Dean hasn’t said it yet, he means it.
Sam pours himself a glass of water from the kitchen sink. Cas enters the kitchen. He isn’t surprised to see Sam up this early. He has seen him out the door on a jog even earlier than this before. Sam has his workout clothes on, so maybe he did just get back from running. Either that, or he is on his way out now.
Images of Kevin and Donatello and everything that happened to them flitted over my eyes.
Cas is curled up into Dean’s side. He is using one hand to comb his fingers through Dean’s hair. His other arm is enclosing his middle, holding him tight like he still fears Dean might change his mind.
Jack bargains with the empty. The angels and demons asleep there will relive only their best memories.
"Angels sent us on a wild goose chase. Kind of a long story. Oh man, you have to come back with us. I thought I would never see you again."
“Got no time for spreading roots. The time has come to be gone. And though our health we drank a thousand times. It’s time to ramble on.”
The lyrics play over and over for Castiel despite the fact that Dean has stopped singing. Love is all that I need? I need you and I love you have come to be the same in Cas’ mind. Still, it would be nice to hear it.
Dean stared solemnly into the fire they built knowing well that it could attract monsters. Both men were beyond caring.
“I’m not mad or anything.” Jack clarifies. “I care about you, and I want you to be happy. Knowing that you can’t is killing me. I really want to understand why.”
"Hey brother! What brings you to my neck of the woods?"
“In all of my years of knowing Dean, I have only heard him tell one other person he loves them. Sam. But Dean does care about you. He shows it by teaching you to shuffle cards and insisting you listen to his music. It’s subtle. But it’s there. And it’s just as full of love as words would be to you and me.”
Back at the Bunker, Sam is showing Eileen the new system he set up for hunting. He reorganized all of the FBI phones and made a database for all of the hunters and monsters on the radar.
Dean gave a gesture to indicate another long story, so Benny moves on. "Okay. So there's a lot I don't know. But I remember a Dean that flat out refused to leave this place without his buddy. And when I died again, the last tine I saw you, you were still that Dean. Still loyal and focused on all the right things. What's changed?"
I guess I’m wondering what your true happiness is, if our family, the way it is, isn’t enough.
Jauntily, Dean makes his exit which leaves Cas and Jack alone in the Bunker, everything quiet. Cas soon gets up from the table to complete his nightly routine. He checks the fridge and makes a list of all of the things he can fill up on from the twenty-four-hour gas station a couple of streets over. He likes to avoid the Gas n’ Sip even though it is closer. Seeing the freeze machines not cleaned properly or the cashiers making dumb mistakes irritates him after working there himself. Going somewhere else is easier.
Cas couldn’t ask for anything more.
“Hello. I”m Jack.” He smiled and put his hand down.
"Yeah, man. Great. We'll just plant these, water then everyday, give them some TLC, and in 90 days, after the portal's closed, we will have ourselves a flower. Fan-freakin-tastic."
Sam looked at the sight before him. Dean with a gun in his hand. Cas with several bullet holes in his trenchcoat. It didn’t take him long to put it together. “I’m going back to bed.”
"Oh thinkin’ about all our younger years
Dean was incredulous. “Oh so you’re going around inside my head, now?”
“I got a lot of this info from Garth. He put a lot of it together after Bobby died, but he is pretty much retired now and doesn’t have time.”
Sometimes he wishes that Dean could always be like this, as soft and as vulnerable as he is in his sleep. Sleep casts the shadow of innocence that was stolen from him by his father and the apocalypse and all the rest. Still, Dean wouldn’t want him to stay too long. He walks quietly out of the room, careful to not make his coat swish too much.
“I’m a friend of Sam and Dean’s,” he said. “There’s a few things I need your help with.”
At having heard this, Dean started feeling guilty. All this time Cas was helping him out, and he always got yelled at for it. When did anybody ever do anything for Cas?
“Do me a favor and try to make it five tonight? I think you’ll feel better.”
Jack finished my sentence. “You know what happens next.”
They checked the shed, but Cas wasn't there. They went around purgatory, Benny taking the lead. Night fell, so Dean and Benny made camp outside. Benny quickly fell into a comfortable sleep for the first time in years since Dean was there to keep watch.
He tilts his head up to place a kiss under Dean’s jaw. A content sigh falls from Dean’s lips. “Cas…”
But he looks around again. Sam reading. Dean cooking egg whites just because Sam asked for them. Jack smiling around his cereal spoon.
“Jack, I’m going to make a run. Do you want to come with me?”
“I better hit the sack. Memory foam here I come.” he smiles. “G’Night.”
Suddenly, Dean's relief turned to anger. "Where the hell did you go?" Against his will, a man-tear tolled down his cheek. "We just lost mom. Kevin. Jack. How could you leave when Sam and I need you most?"
That same night that he had checked on Sam, he had gone to check on Dean next. He opened the door without much care. Dean bolted upright without thinking and shot a whole clip into Cas’ abdomen. Luckily, at the time, Cas’ grace had been restored and he healed. Dean had jumped out of bed, eyes still squinting with sleep.
“Of course. You can always ask me anything.”
“Good morning, Sam. Did you sleep well?” It’s an awkward question since it’s four in the morning and they both already know the answer.
Jack looks down guiltily. “Something like that.”
“As a matter of fact, I plan to quit hunting.”
Sam smiles and looks down like a teenager that gets asked who they like in Truth or Dare. “We’re good. We’re taking it slow. How’s Dean sleeping?”
"It can't always be Cas' fault. You couldn't look me in the eye and tell me that guy over there intentionally took everything you love."
Chuck used to say endings are hard. I disagree. Chuck just wouldn’t know a good ending if it slapped him in the face. I hope this is what you wanted Jack. Becky out.
Now he looks down on Dean who is sleeping peacefully. Living in the Bunker this long has made him feel safer. There are fewer nights Cas has to stop the nightmares. His shoulders are relaxed, and his arms hang out to one side. Cas knows that there is probably still a knife or a gun under his pillow, but he doesn’t hold it all night like it’s the only teddy bear his father ever let him have.
He is so happy he feels a song bubbling up in his chest. He has not been happy enough to sing since the bar with Lee, and you know how that turned out.
“Well?” Dean doesn’t really want to repeat himself. Besides seeing visions, I can somewhat identify feelings, too. I’m not sure how. I just seem to know.
I know what you fear. I know who you love.
12 am
Dean, a little stunned, let Benny take the lead. About ten yards away from the shed was a 6ft X 5ft patch if dirt. Benny buried a seed in the loose dirt and recited the incantation "Adulesco!"  A green stem began to sprout.
Cas lets out a chuckle. He doesn’t move, though. He doesn’t hope that Dean will let him get close.
“Dean.” Jack appears behind Dean much like he did in my house a while ago.
Jack revamps purgatory. From now on, the bad monsters and angels and demons will go to purgatory when they die. Garth and Benny and any other monster, angel, or demon with a good heart will be welcomed into heaven as humans. Crowley has returned to hell to be king and rule alongside his mother. He put in a special order that permits Kevin to enter heaven.
Around this time every night, with Sam and Dean out of his way, Castiel has time to clean the Bunker. He cannot help but think of what filth the boys would be living in without him. Actually, he doesn’t have to think. His mind flashes back to old motel rooms, dirty clothes strewn over the floor, wet towels piled into corners, and fast food packages left in stacks on the meager motel-kitchenette cabinets. Of course, the boys are not as bad as they used to be since the Bunker is home and those motels were temporary. Sam doesn’t clean much, but he keeps up with his laundry better than anyone else in the Bunker. Dean cooks and does the dishes. Cas does most of the rest.
“That’s great, Eileen. I mean, if that is what you want. I would never ask you to quit just because I am.”
Isn’t too hard to see
Cas stopped checking in on Sam after that. With Sam, Cas felt too worried about his insomnia to disturb any sleep he might get, but Dean worried him. He slept hard, always seemingly plagued with nightmares and shoulders tensed with worry. He couldn’t seem to rest though he was asleep.
Normally when cleaning this room, Castiel would also mop the steps and dust a few of the nearer bookshelves, but he gives up. He doesn’t have enough cleaner left to do that anyway. He makes a mental note to add cleaner to the grocery list they keep in the Bunker’s kitchen.
“Dude we’ve been over this. It’s creepy.”
Before Cas could open his mouth to say something sarcastic or passive aggressive, Dean shut down the topic.
"I don't know, Dean. Michael didn't tell me anything that he didn't tell you." A small eye roll from Cas ended their conversation for the time being.
Dean is drying the last dish and placing it on the rack. He should have started the dishes hours ago, but Jack had brought out a deck of cards right after dinner. His hands fumbled as he clumsily half-shuffled the cards. Dean couldn’t help it. He had playfully swatted at Jack’s hands and took the cards from him.
Meanwhile, Dean has thrown the trenchcoat back into the Impala. He angrily balled it up so badly that the wrinkles will never come out. But he refuses to pray to Cas. He refuses to entertain the thought that Cas wouldn’t want to see him for any reason. Instead of thinking, he grabs the job forms off of his desk and drives them to their destination. He starts his new job as a park ranger in two weeks after a series of video training. Now he’s driving around in Baby thinking about Cas’ last words before he went to the empty. Not the “Goodbye, Dean” or the “I love you”. It is the “You are the most caring man. I cared about the whole world because of you” that he can’t seem to shake. Even if it is true, and he can’t deny that it is true that he changed Cas. Dean can’t seem to decide if it was the right thing to do. Cas has suffered so much in the last eleven years. Could all of that be attributed to Dean as well? He feels it all in his gut. Every time Cas died or felt pain or the times Dean neglected him. All the while, Cas loved him more and more. Dean feels he doesn’t deserve any of that adoration. In all of that time, what did I ever do that was good for him?
“No thank you.”
“Dean doesn’t like it when I say that to him.” Jack mumbled sleepily.
Dean breaks off his singing to kiss the top of Cas’ head and smooth down his hair. They both can’t help but laugh, because it took dying to get here to this moment. Dean sends a silent prayer to Jack, wherever he is, to thank him for the eternity of this moment ahead of him.
“Jack said you’ve been back this whole time, man.” He lets go. “Where have you been?”
“But what is it? Why can’t you have it? Besides the empty, obviously.”
And for the first time, Dean expresses his appreciation for Cas in the only way he could to get him to stay. In envelopes Cas into a kiss, soft and chaste, yet full of passion. Dean Winchester never could say "I love you" properly. Luckily, Castiel understands Dean better than anyone. He accepted Dean's kiss for everything it was. An apology. A declaration. A promise. So many problems were still before them, but for all of them, Cas would stay by Dean's side.
“I brought Cas back the moment I left you and Sam. It was the first thing I did. I’m not sure why he hasn’t returned to you.”
“Yes.”
"Again, brother.  That's life. You're in your forties. You were going to lose your parents anyway. But in all those losses you mentioned, who stuck around and put up with your ass?Made it back to you through purgatory? Through death even?"
"I know he doesn't mean it," Dean relented. " I never said he meant to do it. But should I just sit back and watch as it keeps happening?"
Dean arches an eyebrow as Cas’ cue to continue. “I don’t sleep anymore. At first I believed sleeping to be inconvenient. Now that I can’t sleep, it feels like there is so much extra time in a day. And I spend that time alone. Watching over you and Sam at least gives me the illusion of company.” He leaves out that part where he plans to not watch over Sam anymore.
Jack relents. They have arrived at the gas station anyway. “Alright.”
"He only stayed because it's part of Chuck's story," Dean said, referencing the story he told Benny earlier.
“No,” I told Jack. “If that just happened…”
"So what if he is? You said before that chuck put you in all these crazy situations but you got to choose how you act. How many times has Cas chose you?"
He’s an angry sleeper. Like a Bear.
Cas hides his smile by nuzzling his face into Dean’s chest. It is so surreal to him. Being with Dean, no fight ahead. And Dean is looking at him with all of the joy of new love. Everything he wanted and thought he couldn’t have is singing to him. It is more than what he wished for.
Back in the Bunker, Dean tiredly stomps into the kitchen to have breakfast. Cas already has coffee brewed for him. He doctors his cup and goes to sit at the table. He uses Cas’ shoulder to steady himself as he sits down.
They couldn’t see each other, but they eye rolled at the exact same time at that remark.
"Or anyone." Answered a southern accent from the doorway.
"C'mon. Maybe he went back to the shed," Benny suggested.
Dean turns toward Cas and looks him in the eyes. He pulls him into the most desperate hug they have ever shared, his right hand cradling Castiel’s head. Cas uneasily returns the hug, lightly throwing his arms around Dean’s middle. Dean pulls away a little, just enough to connect his lips to Cas’ forehead. Every word he ever wanted to say existed in that one gesture. Castiel understood Dean perfectly then. He’ll have to be patient with Dean, but Cas wasn’t alone in his feelings. The air hung silent with the words Dean meant but may never say.
“You’ve made it more awkward by making such a big deal about it.”
Cas couldn’t argue with that logic, and he was glad Claire was doing something young and normal knowing that he is the cause for her troubled and hectic life. He knows Claire isn’t actually his daughter, but sometimes it feels that way, especially since he is trying to keep his oath that he made to Jimmy.
“Exactly, and a similar fate has been shared by all men like me.” Jesus' voice was blunt. His face flooded with fear. “You would suffer that fate far swifter than
by Rise Against
Dean ran past broken stained glass windows and crumbling saint statues until he reached the chapel corridor.
Bobby froze. “What?”
“Lemme get this straight.” Bobby leaned forward, shooting Dean a confused look. “You left your brother and your car to hitch hike across the lower forty-eight with nothing but a damn duffle bag?”
“Yeah.” Sam’s voice was blunt. “That’s the problem.”
Sam hung up the phone and climbed into the Impala.
Seeing it, a lump grew in Dean’s throat. “There something you want to tell me, little brother?”  He squinted at Sam.
“Shut up!” Dean rose from the floor, stalking towards John. He stopped right at the salt line. “Shut the fuck up! You’re the one who couldn’t take care of us! You’re the one that pushed Sam away!” Dean narrowed his eyes, gritting his teeth. “I was dying and you couldn’t even be bothered to call. You were too fucking busy trying to get revenge for Mom to notice that you had two parts of her right there who needed you to be their Dad instead of their drill sergeant!”
Dean let out a gasp, sitting up with a jolt so powerful his head spun. When he opened his eyes he found himself alone, lying on a cot in Bobby’s panic room.
He made his way back into the village, passing farmers making their way to fields and olive groves. They stared at him, almost as though they had seen a ghost. When he made into the village, the women huddled around the well gave him curious looks, whispering to each other.
talk about. ”
“Joses and I got by just fine on our own,” James interjected, his voice raised. He shot Simon a look. “And without any help from you or Judah.”
of you Dean.”
” Rufus held a plate out to him, filled with fried dough balls topped with a sweet orange glaze.
“—How much of me is actually
There was nothing but a Gideon Bible that was always stashed away in motel room nightstands. They were different colors, and in different parts of the country had different stages of wear, but they were always there. Sam had managed to read the whole thing, cover to cover, at least three times without ever buying a copy of his own.
“Angels are agents of Fate, Dean,” Castiel said, almost at a whisper. He turned and looked briefly at the crucifix hanging up above the altar. “We ensure that it plays out how it is meant to.” He paused. “One way or another.”
Half the lights lit up in bright shades of green, red, blue, pink, and yellow. The other half was still dark.
Sam handed Dean the bottle of whiskey and began to thread the needle with trembling fingers.
The bruises had cracked open into wounds, ever so slightly, and were bleeding.
::  MTV Unplugged In New York is a live recording of Nirvana's performance for MTV's 'Unplugged' done in November of 1993. It was Nirvana's first album release following Kurt Cobain's death in April of 1994.
“Yeah, it is.” Dean’s voice was blunt. “I’m the Son of God, right?
Just then, Sam felt his cell phone buzzing in his jacket pocket with a phone call. He let it ring.
“What?” Jesus blinked.  He shook his head and sighed. “No. I was just trying to get away from—”
Dean didn’t answer her.
“Dean’s mission is to work miracles so that people may bear witness to him and know that he walks among them. So that they will still have faith when it is most tried.” Castiel’s words brimmed with conviction. “Victory is worth nothing if the flock is led astray.”
“Yeah. You are.” Sam pulled away from Ruby just long enough to unlock the door. As soon as it was open, he grabbed her again, pushing her into the motel room. While she stumbled out of her boots, Sam kicked the door shut behind them. He kicked his boots off and jerked his hoodie and t-shirt over his head and tossed them onto the floor. Without missing a beat, he ripped Ruby’s flannel open. Buttons flew like shrapnel while he yanked it off of her.
That morning, Miriamne and James said that they had found the tomb empty and had seen Jesus risen with wounds in his wrists and ankles. They swore he wasn’t a ghost because they could see his wounds and touch him with iron. The morning after that, Apostles spoke of the same. That Jesus had, in fact, conquered not only Hell, but Death himself. Soon they started to claim that he was always supposed to conquer death and that, in fact, that he had always spoken of it.
“I was lost out in the desert,” he explained. “But I’m home now.”
“I don’t know. I think she was just aiming at—”
. “It’s five o’clock somewhere, little brother.” A sad smile spread across Dean’s face as he toasted the flask, taking a sip from it. He went to take another sip, but closed it instead, tucking into his jacket.
Lisa didn’t have a shadow.
Dean let his duffle bag fall off of his shoulder. Crouching down, he placed the bag on the floor and opened it, pulling out a container of salt, which he used to draw a circle around himself.
“It’s Jimmy.” his voice was softer, less gruff.
“They
of a soccer player when she’s older.”
The smell of roses had dissipated.
for that matter.”
? If this is some kinda joke Cas, I’m
A vocalized ‘amen’ came out of Aleah’s mouth as both of them raised their heads. Dean gave her one last smile and kissed her forehead before he turned and left the room.
The hand wasn’t stiff or cold. The
A sad smile played at the corner of Castiel’s mouth.
Sam’s finger’s gripped tightly around the bottom of the back bumper. A moment passed before he asked quietly, “What happened to you in Hell, Dean?” This was a question Sam had both wanted and dreaded the answer to.
When the light dissipated, Uriel’s body lay motionless on the floor of the stage; a pair of charred black wings spread out under it.
Castiel didn’t reply.
“What about it?” Dean scoffed. “I told him I wasn’t gonna go all Sherman’s March on the Earth and I’m not. There’s nothing
Ruby scooted over with a lustful grin, climbing into Sam’s lap. She kissed him deeply. Sam grabbed two fistfuls of her hair, pulling her roughly to him. She moved back, removing her shirt and taking her knife out of her pocket. She ran it over the skin just above her collarbone. Bright red blood streamed down her bronze skin and Sam glanced up at her, his eyes darkening as he pressed his mouth to her skin, biting down hard against the wound.
“Should we… ya know… go talk to him?” Sam paused, swallowing hard. His eyes shifted. “Are we even allowed to do that?”
John nodded. “Dean Winchester.” The words played around in John’s mouth as he held the photo up to the light, squinting his eyes at the grainy figure of the infant within it. “I think he’s got more Campbell in him though.” He grinned as he put the photo on the nightstand. “He looks like you.”
Uriel shook his head and sighed. “And I only killed them because they refused to join me.”
The man scoffed. “Well,
A church would be warmer than an abandoned warehouse and even though he didn’t like telling people about his wounds, if a priest or a minister found him there, they’d be far more likely to recognize the wounds for what they were. They wouldn’t try to take Dean to a hospital, which would not only be fruitless, since medical care did nothing to the wounds, but would likely lead to him being stuck there for psychiatric observation.
Sam shot him a look as he put the Bible back on the table. “Alright, but I’m driving.” Sam put his jacket on as he took the keys from Dean. After refilling the gas tank with a couple of gasoline cans Bobby had lying around and picking Dean up a black knit hat, they made their way to the bar.
“From
Angry, bright red welts appeared in his palm. They quickly turned into raised yellow pockets of fluid.
“It’s okay. She’s gonna be fine now. Don’t worry.” Dean walked over to Susan and hugged her. After she calmed down, he pulled away. “Can you promise me something, though?”
A lump started to grow in Dean’s throat. He swallowed hard, his eyes beginning to gloss over.
,” he hissed. “What if your wounds start
“Don’t remind me.” Dean sighed, picking the tree back up and dragging it into Bobby’s study. He lifted it upright.
Panicking, Dean checked his hands and feet over before stumbling back into the bedroom. He grabbed the clothes from his duffle bag, fumbling as he put them on. Once he was dressed, Dean plopped himself down in the armchair at the side of the bed, wincing sharply as he tried his best to calm himself.
you did it. I mean, all of five minutes before, he tossed you clean through a stained glass window like you were a Raggedy Ann doll.” Dean pulled his silver flask out of his leather jacket and took a sip from it, wincing at the taste. He looked down at it for second before he closed it, shoving it back into his pocket. “What changed?”
Dean licked his lips “Cas. It’s-” He paused, taking a deep breath. “Well I’m glad you’re okay with it. At least.”
“No, no. I just came here for a church service. That’s it.” Dean chuckled nervously as the rest of Joel’s family and a small group of parishioners made their way over to him, their eyes wide with excitement. “I don’t know what that angel has been telling you, but I ain’t here to Rapture anybody.”
Jacob squinted. “No, you’re not. “Dean” doesn’t have the power to exorcise demons with just a few words, nor can he bring people back to life. I watched those demons stab Molly in her stomach and liver. You don't survive that. But you… you put your hand on her and suddenly she’s awake and talking? Like it never even happened?” He watched Dean for a second and then chuckled. “You know, I heard a rumor you died last year. Somethin’ about a crossroads deal. I thought it was just that. A rumor. But I guess I was wrong.”
Castiel didn’t answer him.
can’t. ” Sam’s grip tightened on the hubcap. “But I can.”
, claimed in the cradle, but instead of being
The words tried to dislodge themselves from Dean’s throat as his eyes started to gloss over. “Down there… they
Sam sighed. “Dude, it’s passed six. Everything is closed by now.”
“Right.” Sam nodded. “We’ll head to Cold Spring tonight.”
Sam was sitting in the Impala, a CVS bag full of gauze wraps resting on the seat next to him. A local rock station that he hadn’t bothered to change played Red Hot Chili Peppers’ ‘Under the Bridge’
But the angel didn’t threaten Jesus with wrath. He just nodded at him.
The first thing Dean saw when he rounded the corner were the bodies of the demons that stood in the entrance.
“How bad is it, Sammy?” Dean rasped with pained breaths, his question equal parts boggled by fear and characteristically nonchalant.
She walked over to the cell, her eyes turning black as she approached. “Hey, Dean.” She smirked. “Long time no see.”
.” His words were certain. “We’re going to be spared Hell on Earth the same way that we’re spared Hell when we die.”
“You coulda left more than two days’ worth of stuff.” Sam bit her lip. “I needed you.”
“Introduced you to Miriamne? No. She’s—”
The rustle of wings sounded, along with feet walking on wet pavement. Castiel’s head turned in the direction of his brother, one that was under his command.
Sam paused for a moment. “It’s fine Ruby,” he nodded, his expression softening. He walked over to Ruby, cupping her face in his hand. “I understand. This is my purpose.”
They were the same green eyes with flecks of honey gold hidden around the iris that had haunted him for two millennia. Green eyes that held sadness, compassion, and rage. Green eyes that Castiel remembered creasing with laughter. Eyes he had last seen bloodshot and glassed with tears and fatigue. Those same eyes were filled with terror and pain.
A hand wrapped around Dean’s upper right arm, pulling him away from the doors. “Dean we have to go!” Castiel’s gruff voice echoed through Dean’s ears. Panicked.
Bobby shook his head.
were different.
“I’m Agent Kietel,” Bobby gestured to himself and then over to Dean. “This is my partner Agent DaFoe. We’d like to speak to Detective Connolly about the Holly Thompson disappearance.”
“Awesome.” A sigh left Dean’s mouth. “I’m a
“Yeah, well I don’t exactly need the Bishop going all Saint Paul on me,” Dean replied.
“You sure you’re up for that kinda thing right now, Dean?” Sam looked up, cocking an eyebrow.
Though Jesus had returned from the desert nearly a week ago, he still hadn’t regained his former strength. He had little by way of an appetite and what food he did eat consisted mostly of bread. Wine was one of the few drinks he had any taste for. This reduced appetite, combined with the strength it took to maintain the galaxy in his ribcage, had weakened him.
A platoon of demon were standing at attention on the sidewalk. Sam faced them, his hands dripping red. Sam turned slowly, revealing a mouth caked with blood and eyes a bright shade of yellow.
by Peter Gabriel
“Oh good,” Simon nodded and smiled, his voice dripping with sarcasm. “Perhaps now you’ll
“It’s not the road that matters, Dean, it’s the destination.” Zachariah shrugged. “And you’re exactly where we need you to be.”
just needs some alone time, alright
Two days ago, a sharp twinge of pain between his fifth and sixth ribs woke him up from a dead sleep. There had been an undercurrent of fear in the back of his mind ever since.
Zachariah waved his hand, sending Dean flying off the trail and into the trees where he rolled down a shallow ravine lined with fallen trees and brush.
“It’s no problem.” Dean cleared his throat. “Just… do me a favor and keep this to yourself, okay? Me and my brother like to keep this kinda stuff on the down-low as much as possible.” Dean shot her a nervous smile as his eyes took note of the silver cross hanging around her neck.
Dean went flying out of the entrance of the chapel and back into the hallway, skidding across the floor, sucking in air, and coughing as the chapel doors slammed shut.
know."
“Peachy,” Dean winced. He limped his way over to Sam, a hand pressed firmly against his shoulder. He paused, shooting a look of confusion at his brother. “How the hell did you
“More or less,” Bobby sighed as he shut the Bible, looking at Dean. “Except there’s one problem:
, he reminded himself firmly, was in March. The date was wrong and the story that accompanied it was a lie. Christmas was hollow. Empty.
“I’m an Angel of Lord,” Castiel said evenly.
“Dean,” Castiel sighed. “Listen—”
While he paced, Castiel listened to the sounds coming from deep within the grove. The rhythmic sound of a knife sliding across a whetstone. The work of either Peter or Simon. The Zebedee brothers whispered and bickered with one another. The rest of the men were fast asleep.
“Not really.” Dean stared at the glass for a moment, running his finger over the rim before knocking the other half back, clanking the glass on the counter.
“Don’t worry Ima. Go back to the guests.” Jesus nodded reassuringly. “I’ll figure something out.”
“Abba,” Dean sobbed in Aramaic. “Why have you abandoned me?”
under your charge.”
Dean had a list.
“Dean! Run!” Castiel yelled, dodging a swing from the other soldier angel.
The last leg of Dean’s trip was on Route 60, comprised mostly of walking and sleeping under highway overpasses. The one oil truck that picked Dean up some fifty miles west of the Mississippi River let him off at a Mobil station in Murray. Instead of trying to hitchhike as freezing rain began to fall around him, Dean remembered that Jacob Miller, a Lutheran pastor who had helped John and him out on a string of hunts while Sam was at Stanford, lived in the area. He decided to walk to Jacob’s house for a visit, and hopefully, a bed to sleep in.
A sad smile quirked at the side of Jesus' mouth. “Thank you.”
Ruby walked over to him, a quart of charcoal lighter fluid in her arm. “You know, Sam.” She glanced down at the pit, tossing the bottle into the pit. “She was
Dean found himself standing on a well kept but rocky hiking trail. As soon as Dean’s feet touched the ground, he collapsed to his knees, retching and gagging.
Walking back down the hall, Dean looked down at the hand that had healed Aleah. He stared at it for a long moment before he cupped it in his other hand, pressing his thumb hard into the center of his palm.
Jesus and Zachariah had disappeared.
Dean smiled at her as tears filled his eyes. He watched her for a long moment before his voice cracked angrily. “Why did you do it, mom? You’re a hunter. Even if you wanted a normal life, you shoulda fuckin’ known better. You… you should have protected us, mom. Why did you make that deal with Yellow Eyes?”
like this before.” Dean took a deep breath. “I love you, Cas,” he whispered. “Come back.
With that Anna turned and left the stable.
Standing outside of the cell was the same angel who had confronted Dean in the abandoned church in Kansas.  The one that tormented Dean for days with visions of doubt and pain and spoke to him with a pompous swagger.
“You were quoting scripture at me,”  Castiel rasped, planting soft kisses onto Dean’s scarred forehead. “You’re filled with fire. Like a Prophet. Sanctified and Holy.” He pulled his lips away, staring into Dean’s eyes, his lips coated in a light smear of bright red blood.
Dean nodded. He unzipped his duffle bag and grabbed a pair of jeans, boxers, socks, T-shirt and flannel. “You can borrow these for now. We’ll take a trip to Wally-world later to get you some new threads.”
Castiel was standing in the middle of the road. His hand extended outward as the white light soaked back into it.
save. Why is this so radically different?”
“We’ll find ‘em, son.”
“Are you questioning Our Father’s will?”
“Mom stop!” Claire ripped herself away from Amelia. “You don’t understand.”
Sam walked out of the bathroom just as Dean was adding the eggnog to his three shots of rum. He chuckled. “You know what’s funny, Dean? We’re
. Dean.”
“How?”
“ Yes. Just leave my daughter.
“Dammit, Dean! Don’t you fucking get it?” Sam gritted out in frustration. “You’re
“Sammy. You got no idea what your buzzkill ass missed,” Dean chuckled as he shut the door behind him, leaning against it. He looked over and smirked drunkenly at his little brother who was fast asleep in his bed. “The bartender? Bangin’ hot. Literally. And they had these… shots. Apple pie in booze form, dude. You should’ve come with me instead of turnin’ in early like a chump.”
As soon as Dean got into the passenger side of the front seat, he closed his eyes, leaning his head against the window. Relief washed over him as Sam started the car. He wanted to put as many miles between him and that motel room as possible.
“Coat and shoes, Cas.”
He only read the pages once before he tossed the explanation out and he
“I’m more of a… ‘Christmas and Easter’ kinda guy.” Dean smiled awkwardly.
“About Cas.”
celebrating Christmas at the wrong time of year. It’s only a month off now as opposed to a whole season but—” Sam paused as he leaned against the door frame. “You okay? You know I’m just joking, right?”
James was already there, pacing across the room. His face was etched with worry.  He was about to speak when his gaze locked on Miriamne. “Who’s this?” he cocked an eyebrow at his brother.
Dean marched across the street to the hotel and back up to the room, slamming the door behind him. He leaned his back against it briefly before he walked over to the room’s small end table where he took the liquor, eggnog, and cups out of the bag and quickly fixed himself a drink.
The title is from
After going through the eighth full roll of gauze, Sam had started reusing the bandages. The shower rack was now draped with drying strips of cotton and the sink was stained with a red tinted ring circling the drain.
wash away.
“With everything that’s been goin’ on these last three weeks, it could be just about
“—Now,” Jesus interrupted. He narrowed his eyes. “Whatever it is, I need to know. Now.”
“Dean could become a son completely dedicated and obedient to Him and His Will some of our siblings would
He managed to eat only half of it before he put it back down on the plate, almost despite himself. Almost.
Scoring a phone number, four hundred bucks, and one hell of a good buzz, he staggered his way back into the motel room. A Thursday night well spent.
“You’re not dead Dean. Not
“Good. I’m so glad we’re finally seeing eye to eye.” Alastair smirked. “We’re gonna have so much fun together, you and I.”
by Those Poor Bastards
“Someone’s gotta do it.”
Castiel grabbed it, lifting himself off the floor. As soon as he was standing, he let go.
“Cas showed up.” Sam’s voice was as blunt as it was awkward as he climbed into the driver’s seat. “He said you were ‘participating in the Lord’s Supper’.” A little chuckle left Sam’s mouth as he dug into his jacket pocket and pulled Dean's silver flask out, handing it to him. “I don’t know what’s
Dean quickly scribbled a short note on a piece of paper. When he finished writing, he folded the note and placed it between the Impala’s wiper blades. His eyes flickered to the motel room for a second before they turned back to the Impala. Dean stared at her for a long moment before he gave her a couple pats to the hood.
Dean grew silent. He shifted his gaze to the prayer card. He picked it up from the table, holding it tight between his shaking fingers. He stared at it for a long moment.
“Cut her now, Dean!” Alastair grabbed him by the shoulders, his nails digging into Dean’s flesh. “Cut her! Cut her, or so help me, I’ll drag you back to that room and hang you back up on that fucking tree!”
He turned the shower on, taking the rest of his clothes and bandages off before lowering himself into the base of the tub. His knees pressed against his chest, the hot water stinging as it struck against his forehead and ran down his back.
The radio was
Sam squinted at it before picking it up,
stay. He couldn’t watch The Righteous Man die again when there was nothing he could do to stop it. Not again.
“Yeah. Except I’m not,” Dean mumbled.
The faces of the parishioners fell sharply at his words.
“Excuse me.” She was standing on the sidewalk across the street from the hotel. As she walked over to Dean, she looked him over him and glanced judgmentally down at the bag in his hand. “Have you ever thought about God's love for you?” In her gloved hands was a small stack of mini New Testament Bibles. She held one out to him.
“Good.” Castiel wrapped his hands around Dean’s neck, kissing him deeply before he pushed himself away, detaching himself from Dean.
He slammed the door shut as he marched out of the motel room. As he stepped onto the sidewalk, Dean stopped and looked at the bar across the street. He briefly deliberated going over there before he turned his gaze over to the far side of the building. Quiet and vacant, away from the motel patrons in the parking lot.
James froze. His eyes widened.
Dean’s blood streaked eyes had just begun to blur when he heard the office door kicked open, followed by Alastair being jerked violently away from him and hurled across the room as he collapsed onto the floor.
Not long after Jesus’ eyes grew heavy and he fell asleep.
Jesus shook his head. “No. You stay with the family. Take care of Ima, Dinah, and Joses for me.”
. Every. Single.
Even though her back was turned, Dean could see her bless the glass and quickly dip the end of her rosary into the water before she turned back around and brought it over to him.
“That’s more like it.” Dean turned the volume up as he pulled out his parking spot and down the driveway.
“It’s not
“Oh. I
(See the end of the chapter for
Silence fell between the brothers for a moment before James cleared his throat. “Well,” He looked over at Jesus. “It looks like I’m coming with you after all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The pain returned with it, vicious and ripping anew over his back in pulsing and throbbing waves. Dean collapsed, the counter breaking his fall as he tried to pull himself back up again.
Dean glanced at the scar. He bit his lip. “So what... I’m going through this just ‘cuz God told some damned angel to yank me outta The Pit?” He grabbed the shirt, putting it on with a wince. "Why?"
“Patrilineal Jews are a thing too ya know,” Dean grumbled.
“That’s mine,” he growled.
Jesus and his family had been on their way home from Shavuot when it happened. Two days into their journey to Nazareth, across the rocky Judean highland, dark clouds rolled in the west, grumbling with thunder and flashes of lightning. In minutes the storm had overtaken them, forcing the family to seek shelter at the base of one of the foothills along the road. The rain, which had been a slow drizzle for most of the afternoon, became a cascade of water, pounding down upon them all in waves.
“Good, then it’s time you returned home.”
It was The Soul. It was Jesus bar Joseph. But it wasn’t Jesus. He bore a different face and figure.  He was taller and his skin was pale and freckled, his hair a sandy brown.
The rabbi turned to Jesus. “What?” He asked, lowering the curtain back down.
As soon as Sam touched the blood-stained gauze, his hand recoiled and pain flashed across his face. He paused briefly before he touched it again.
Dean stood up from the booth. “I uh...need a smoke. I’ll be back.”  He rose from the booth, making his way quickly out of the diner, going back behind the building.
Dean paused for a second. He glanced down at the gas gauge. Half-full. He would need to get gas before leaving Sioux Falls.
He didn’t look back.
Dean shook his head. “I can’t do that.”
indication, being a Son of God ain’t a ‘
Dean just sat there.
Half an hour later, Bobby poured gasoline on to the pyre. Tears filled his eyes.
didn’t.”
. Why they keep that kid is beyond me.”
you could do, Dean,” Castiel said, sighing. He walked over to Dean, placing his hand on his shoulder. “This is not your fault.”
Dean had been circumcised as a baby. Standard American practice. He thanked Castiel for not healing that part of him when he pulled Dean out of hell.
Rufus grinned. “Exactly.” He turned his eyes over to the window, squinting. “The hell?”
Dean winced, pulling his mouth away. “Easy tiger,” he breathed.
to see you try.”
Ruby’s thighs clenched around his head and she came with a deep moan.
Jimmy groaned in pain.
“That would be good. Thanks.” Dean nodded. “How long do you think it will take?”
“I’m serious, Dean. Something’s not—”
Dean licked his lips. He nodded. “So now I can too.”
“You needed almost
“Yeah sure, we’ll just get up and leave right in the middle of the damn sermon,” Dean whispered sarcastically. “That’s real fuckin’ inconspicuous, Sam.”
Slowly, Dean opened the one eye that wasn’t swollen shut. He found himself lying on the bench of a police station holding cell, his hands cuffed in front of his body.
Jesus turned to James, “Grab Peter’s knife so we can cut the ropes from him.”
,” Zachariah spat, his face inches away from Dean’s. “All you are is a
It was a voice Castiel knew, but he couldn’t remember who it belonged to. It was an echo, a foggy, half-forgotten memory.  For an instant, Castiel saw a hill topped with wooden posts. Three of the posts had horizontal beams attached to the top of them. He heard the voice again, this time rattling from the top of one of the posts.  It rung out in a deep, rasping cry of pain in an old language he had almost forgotten, just before the memory slipped away.
“I’m sorry, baby, but I had to save John. The same way I needed to die in that fire.” Mary raised her eyes to him. “You needed to live this life, Dean. You needed to grow up a hunter. It had to happen that way, baby. You were destined for it.” She smiled. “You’ve always been the Son of God, Dean. Since the moment I felt you kick in my belly. Even before that, really.”
This time, he
Sam dragged it quickly across the flesh, creating a wound that was long and deep. He dropped the knife on to the bed as he licked his way up her thigh, capturing the streak of blood before it fell onto the bedspread.  When he reached the wound, he sucked on it viciously.
was the one who was there for him, Dad!” Dean sneered. “You don’t even deserve that title. I was more of a father to him than you ever were.”
(See the end of the chapter for
remained unanswered. He tossed his phone onto the countertop, dragging a shaking hand through his hair.
At first, Sam could barely recognize him. His voice was raspy and hushed. Quiet even.  Each word came out in a slow and labored manner.
become. Signs just like the wounds that marked his body. Though weeks had passed since the last one, Dean knew more wounds were coming, he just wasn’t sure when.
Uriel turned around, his gaze judgmental. “I didn’t try to kill Dean.” He paused, shrugging, as he walked down the steps of the pulpit. “Alastair was working with Lilith. He already wanted to kill Dean. I simply gave him the opportunity by removing those who would prevent Alastair from trying.”
On Christmas Eve, after an eleven-hour drive from Savannah to Pennsylvania to check out what Dean was hoping would prove to be demonic activity in Centralia, Sam demanded that they take a break, using the holiday as the perfect excuse for one. They had spent the last three weeks working almost nonstop all along the southern half of the eastern seaboard. Dean had become so engrossed by his quest for hunts that he hadn’t even bothered shaving.
can override.” A vicious smile spread across his face. “Let’s have a little chat, shall we? We’ve got so much to catch up on.”
Perhaps the place was Purgatory. Perhaps it was Limbo. Perhaps even Heaven. Dean hoped more than anything that it
“So why is it happening
low and desperate, through the speakers. His eyes quickly darted around the parking lot before he took a flask out of the pocket of his jacket. He tapped the mouthpiece tensely against his hand until the dregs of the cool dark red liquid dripped onto his palm. Sam licked it with a relieved sigh.
Simon took a couple steps forward, standing next to Judas. “Some have claimed that you’re a prophet and, possibly, even the Messiah.”
, having fought to take it back from those demons who had
Jesus fed the goats, patting them each on the top of the head before he headed to a covered alcove in the corner. Where a donkey would have resided in a wealthier home, were piles of wood instead. A large workbench rested against the long wall, his tools haphazardly stacked atop it. A leather tool bag rested on a hook.
Castiel quickly grabbed him, gripping on to both of his shoulders to steady him.
Pamela said.
“Well then…
Dean was not in the mood for Christmas this year. He had many reasons not to be. Sam had been in the wind for nearly seven months, since Lucifer’s release.
sure of that, huh?”
Dean’s. While it affected both his body and his mind, it was distinctly spiritual and revelatory.
Jesus would have relented and told of Sam’s addiction when pressed just as Dean had done. Though he would have spoken about it with less self-hatred than Dean did, the guilt Jesus would have carried over it would have been the same. The only real difference was that Jesus would spoke of it far sooner and with less pressing than Dean had done.
Mary paused for a moment, wishing now that she had some iron, before she walked over to the radio and shut it off.
too! You were the only one who could do it. It
Zachariah walked over to his vessel and placed a hand against his chest before snapping his fingers.
scoffing at them.”
He watched it for moment before he made his way back down the aisle.
Dean dropped the fringe and stood up from the bed. He changed his bandages and clothes before leaving the room, making his way down the stairs and into the kitchen.
abandoned our family.”  Jesus glared. “In case you’ve forgotten, I helped Ima raise all of you after Abba died and even before that.”
She nodded. “Sit wherever you want. I’ll be over in a minute to get your drink orders.”
Then he heard Castiel yell. Throaty and deep.
With that, Jesus walked over to each of the other five vats, touching them with his hand.
Bishop Tamsen shifted his eyes between Dean and Castiel. Then he shook his head. “No. You can’t be. Christ is not supposed to return yet.”
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, but how much of that is me and how much of that Jesus? I mean you guys used to argue all the time.”
any longer.”
The trickster turned his head to the side, studying her. “Michael told me you were perceptive. And
the resurrection. Jesus’ soul reborn. Dean had told Bobby that much during their fishing trip. The same was likely true of Dean.
Men who had traveled all that way had to be here for a good reason. Because of their dark clothes and the knives at their belts, at first, Jesus thought that they might be assassins, but he quickly abandoned that idea. If they were, Jesus would have been dead already.
Jesus paused for a long moment. “In every town I’ve visited, I’ve exorcized no more than one, maybe two demons. In the last fortnight that number has gone up to half a dozen. Today, I pulled out at least fifty from a single man.” He looked at Castiel. “What’s going on?
Eventually, Castiel’s musings were broken by the sound of flapping wings. “First you
“How else are you different?”
Castiel turned his gaze slowly to the Virgin Mary statue right next to the crucifix.
Just before dawn, Jesus awoke. Almost as if he had planned it all along, he packed his bag and walked away from the tent. He didn’t get over the first hill before he felt something small and hard strike him on the shoulder, followed by James hissing his name.
vessel, Jimmy Novak.
He motioned
A smell had begun to waft throughout the room. Not the smell of blood or whiskey, but of roses.
“Don’t look at me. I don’t fucking know.”
Dean rolled his eyes, running his hand down his face.
Dean stopped on the sidewalk leading up to the church door, his eyes locked on the sign:
“I mean it. You need to eat, my son. You look ill.” Mary said, cupping his hollow cheeks. She paused briefly. “And next Sabbath, promise me you’ll stay quiet in the synagogue. Just listen like you always do,” she pleaded, her face flooding with worry. “I don’t want you and your brothers getting into any more fights.”
voices. They laughed and jeered, mocking him. They also spoke Latin. Even though Dean knew the language, the words the voices spoke sounded foreign and strange to him, almost like he couldn’t understand them.
Now he was at a synagogue an hour and a half south of Rufus’ home, sitting in a rabbi’s office.
“I mean it is. He’s gone because of me.”
to have faith. In a world where monsters and demons dwelled in basements and back alleys, a world where they dwelled within
Sam grew very quiet. “You honestly think that’s going to happen?” He glared. “You honestly think I’d
His reluctance did nothing to stop the proposals, however.  By the time he was twenty; three more had come Jesus' way. He turned them all down. At first, the parents of the girls and his relatives all assumed he was just being diligent in taking of his mother and siblings, but after James and later Simon took their own trips under the canopy all that changed. Now, he was seen as peculiar at best. At worst, cursed.
His search brought him to a Psychology professor at Ohio State, Baptist church in Indiana and to an Episcopal church in Illinois, all under the guise of food and gas runs. He was thankful that aside from the occasional question about where he had run off to and if he could smell anything, Dean wasn’t prying. Instead, he was burying himself in The Job and ignoring it, just as Dean
“Humanity has spent the last two thousand years trying to answer that very question. That’s why there are so many gospels. All the writers were all trying to comprehend the incomprehensible. It’s no less difficult for you,” he mused sincerely as a worried sigh left his mouth. “A terrible darkness is on its way. If you’re
Dean marched into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him. He leaned his back against it, wiping tears from his eyes. After a moment, he moved over to the sink, pulling off his shirt and the thin layer of gauze he had wrapped around him. He tossed the wrapping in the direction of the wastebasket, keeping his shirt in hand while he turned his back toward the bathroom mirror, his eyes staring at the brutal gashes and meatball surgery stitches that covered it.
“Because you needed my help.” His voice was blunt. “This journey has become too much for you. You’ve gone as far as you can go.”
He smiled at her, waving his hand as he walked into the room. The space looked lived-in; its walls were plastered with drawings and any extra shelf space had books, Barbie dolls, and stuffed animals resting on top of them. It was obvious the girl had been in the hospital for a long time.
Dean opened his eyes to find himself sitting on Bobby’s toilet, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders and the side of his body and face pressed against the bathroom wall. Peeling himself off the wall, he could see blotches of bright red sweat had stained the green wallpaper. Slowly, he stood up and glanced around the bathroom. On the floor was a makeshift bed made out of a musty old sleeping bag and bath towels. Sitting next to it was a first aid kit and rolls and rolls of gauze.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.” Dean shook his head. “Whatever it was, it was somethin’ we haven’t come across. Ever.”
thing now?” He smiled sarcastically. “Good to know.”
Bobby froze. “You had a brother?”
“No.” Dean shook his head, pushing his plate away. “I’m just not hungry I guess.”  He said leading, downing the rest of his beer.
Jesus swallowed. “How?”
Dean froze. “Listen Joel.” He cleared his throat. His eyes shifted nervously as he glanced at the parishioners filing out of the sanctuary who had started to give him odd looks, some outright staring at him. He squatted down on the floor, right at the little boy’s eye level. “I get that you’re excited and all but you gotta tone it down a bit, okay? I’m not really here for the whole “Second Coming” thing today.”
went away. Sam, for as many times as Dean asked him about it,
Jesus paused. “That’s not the life I’m meant to have.”
“Lucifer’s got her cloaked. Same with Sam.” Dean raised his voice, drumming his hand on the steering wheel.
it. Sam, however, was not and—as far as he knew, with demon blood coursing through his veins—he couldn’t be.
Sam turned his gaze back to the waitress. “So what happened then?”
“So what was
The smell of roses was gone.
“How? It’s just motivation for you to do well.”
Dean quickly looked away from him. "Come on. There ain’t anything I could about this, Bobby.” He pursed his lips. “We both know this wasn’t gonna end pretty for me."
did all of these things, most times they seemed empty.
With a groan, Jesus rose from his mat and walked over to a shelf where a jug of water and bowl rested. He quickly washed his bony hands, the right one bruised along its knuckles, whispering a prayer while he did so.
that can remove the stigmata?” he asked.
Various people were standing in the aisles with faded smears of ash on their foreheads and most of them had half-priced packages of fish in their carts.
“Claire! Stop this!” Amelia grabbed her arm. “I’m not going through this again.”
“Dean, you’re in
He could smell it, practically taste the sulfur and iron. The Power.
Church. We’re going to be taken up to Heaven.”
“Then tell me how to do it.”
A few feet away down the path stood Zachariah and two soldier angels.
“That’s not your decision to make, Uriel.”
“…No, Dean.” Sam glared at him. “I haven’t been seeing Ruby.”
He reveled in the smoke filling his veins. He missed the blood. He craved it. He needed it. The taste of it on his tongue was better than anything Sam had ever known.
Dean nodded. “Starving.”
Zachariah blinked. “
Before she could do anything, Sam waved his hand.
“What I shoulda done
Sam sat there for a moment. He chuckled bitterly as he stood up from his bed, grabbing his jacket as he walked to the door. “Well, I’m glad you have so much faith in me, Dean. Then again,
“Don’t worry, it’s John Winchester’s kid.” Jacob gestured to Dean. “He’s gonna help us with our little problem in the basement and he needs a place to stay for the night.”
The mother nodded as she handed Dean his beanie, her eyes locking on the mess of thin bruises on his forehead. Dean quickly shoved it back onto his head as he marched back over to Sam, grabbing the hunting duffle from the living room floor.
“Awesome.” Dean sighed as he took a sip from the bottle, gritting his teeth with a guttural groan as Sam began to suture him up.
Dean’s body stiffened. He didn’t say anything.
To Bobby's shock, the gashes had turned into scars. They were no longer open wounds, jagged crevasses of torn and punctured skin, but raised purple bumps. The same was true of the wounds on Dean's wrists, ankles, and back. Even the gash on Dean's side had scarred over.
Uriel scoffed. “Dean’s mission is to
me understand,” James demanded.
For thirty years Dean had forced himself to become used to the pain; every day Alastair came up with new ways to inflict it. Day after day, year after year of endless slicing, hacking, and carving. He forced himself to endure it, to accept it. This was his choice. He may have damned himself, but he would not give in to the temptation to make the pain go away at the cost of him doing the same to another.
At first, Sam saw Dean being pulled out of Hell by an angel for what it was: a miracle. God stretched out His hand and had done what he had tried to do for months to no avail, God brought his brother back. For weeks afterward, that very fact was a source of comfort and inspiration to Sam. If Dean could be saved from Hell, then perhaps he could be as well.
Jesus only made it a few steps before two men came out from behind the back wall of the synagogue, walking over to him slowly. They both wore dark-colored tunics and rusty brown cloaks. One wore a small silver mezuzah around his neck; the other wore a silver hamsas pendant with blue glass beads with eyes inside of them.
Though Dean had never met the figure before, he knew exactly who he was.
Alastair didn’t give him an offer.
“Hello,” he said.
causin’ this.” Bobby said, raising his voice. “We just gotta figure it out.”
In an instant, the musty smell of old carpet and stale cigarette smoke changed into decay and sulfur. Dean found himself in the middle of a dark hallway covered in graffiti.
Bobby watched him as he sat down in his recliner chair before he pressed play on the VCR.
a resurrection.  After all, there was no resurrection for Jesus.  Dean
When Rufus was done, he picked the menorah up and walked over the window cill, placing it on it.
Sam would have embraced being the Son of God with open arms the moment Castiel had told him. He would have had nothing but faith in what he was, unlike the doubt that always lingered in the back of Dean’s mind.
Leaning against the door, Bobby stared at the task in front of him. He had to wash the blood off of Dean’s body. With the sheer amount of blood on him the easier thing to do would have been to put Dean in the bathtub and bathe him. Dean weighed a good fifty pounds lighter than he normally did and it would be far from Bobby’s first time moving a corpse, but a dry corpse was different from a water-soaked corpse and too much moisture would only speed up decay.
as best we can.” He sighed, frustrated, as he shifted on his bed. After a moment of silence, a morose look appeared on his face. “
He closed his eyes. Within a few moments, he was sleeping again.
—on stigmata. Why is that?” He stared briefly at the St. Francis of Assisi statue on the priest’s coffee table.
, even, for the first time in weeks.
One of the church’s officials, an older man with graying hair, narrowed his eyes suspiciously at Dean. “‘No one can see the Kingdom of God unless they are born again’. John 3:3,” he said, glaring. “Are you telling us —
The sight of this church made Dean’s stomach turn, but if he was going to tell Sam to keep an open mind, he had to do the same.
“ Are you sure this is what you want?”
The video started to shake and was filled with the sound of the boy running closer to the house, breathing heavily.
you. I can’t do this without you. I...” Dean paused. He placed his hand over his handprint scar, squeezing it, tears filling his eyes. “This isn’t easy for me to say, okay? I’m not good at this kind of stuff- I never have been- and I’ve never...
“Not exactly,” Zachariah said. “This time, your demise is going to be a bit more of a family affair.”
A loud flapping noise filled the room, followed by the sound of the floorboards creaking under the presence of body weight. Dean’s eyes lifted, his gaze locking on the trench coat sporting angel standing on the other end of the room.
Castiel listened to the chatter coming from inside the room connected to the balcony while the smell of roasted lamb and freshly baked matzo wafted around him. Eight men with thick Galilean accents laughed and joked with one another, their voices slurred by wine. Peter debated the finer points of net tying with his former fishing partners, the Zebedee brothers, and his own brother Andrew.
Sam grabbed the bandages, laying them down on Dean’s side of the nightstand. He stared at his brother for a moment before he crawled back into his own bed without a single word.
The sound of a whip.
Sam glanced around the sanctuary, now cleared out aside from the group of parishioners and them. He quickly walked over to Dean and grabbed him by the arm, pulling him down the aisle towards the door. “Come on, let’s get outta here,” Sam hissed.
Nowhere were things more different than with Dean himself.
accepted it, as much as I can anyway, and now—suddenly—that’s a
.” He was quiet as he walked back over to the Impala, making his way around to each of the tires, nudging them with his boot. “Maybe I should nickname her MacManus. Ya know… ‘And Shepherds we shall be. For thee, my Lord, for thee’?”
“How?” Dean snapped. “By turning yourself into the fuckin’
A small ripple moved under her fingers as Mary felt a nudge—loving, but powerful—against her belly. Her breath caught in her throat at the feel of it.
Dean was in pain.
Dean grimaced, swallowing down the taste of wine and blood as he lay back against his pillow, hissing sharply as he pulled and pressed against the wounds on his back.
Estelle glanced down briefly at the cards. “And what’s wrong with him?”
“Yes, it is, okay?” Dean said quickly. “I know what you’re thinking but I’m not a revenant or a demon or an angel or anything else, alright?”
“It doesn’t mean I approve of it,” Uriel replied. “The boy can barely take care of himself,
Rufus scoffed, offended. “Are you kidding me? That stuff is disgusting. Besides, it’s Ashkenaz wine. I’m Sephardi. If I’m gonna drink wine, it’s gonna be
“Dean, that wasn’t—”
Sam lowered his hand. The thumping slowed. It was over. Lilith was gone. He took in a deep breath of relief. But the relief didn’t last long. The smoke that had crept itself through his body didn’t fade. It lingered on him, like the stench of death. Putrid and rotting.
She was awoken a couple of hours later by a strong kick to her ribs.
A moment later, Ruby walked out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped around her chest. She walked over to the bed and laid down next to Sam, wrapping her arms around his waist.
“No. It’s a—” Sam shifted in his seat. He pulled a police badge out of his hoodie pocket and held it up long enough for Jean to get a cursory glance. “Missing person’s case.”
He reached down into his cassette tapes, finding an old cassette tape of Zepplin I, popping it into his cassette player. Loud guitars and feedback echoed through the cabin.
“So… I’m not just The Second Coming.” Dean’s words hung in the air. He took another deep pull from his beer, turning his gaze over to Bobby. “Turns out I was a carpenter in a previous life.”
Sam climbed out of the Impala, setting his eyes on Ike’s Place, a small bar a mile off of Interstate 70. Walking inside, Sam heard the opening cords to Lynyrd Skynyrd’s “Simple Man” —classic rock with hints of country and bluegrass—and took a deep breath. Taking in the smell of stale beer and greasy food, he went up the bar counter where an older waitress was scrubbing the countertop with a dishrag. Sam cleared his throat. “Hi. Are you Martha Johnson?”
Sam fought back terror-ridden tears as he wrapped the rest of the gauze around Dean’s feet, the blood already soaking its way through the bandages. “Please for the love God, Dean. Just hang on.
She dropped the wig onto her bed, a smile of recognition spreading across her thin face as she met Dean’s gaze. “You were at church today.”
“What was
Dean finished off his milkshake and awkwardly tossed it into the Burger King bag. “I was
could,” Dean scoffed, shaking his head.
Jesus shot James a glare. “James, why don’t you enlist the help of our brothers and have them gather up the empty jugs from the tables.”  He turned to Miriamne, “Could you help me gather up some of the jugs in here? We’ll fill them and bring them out to the wedding table.”
. Why are you so
It, too, happened on a cold night, though shortly after the feast of Purim instead of around the Winter Solstice as it was now commemorated and it wasn’t during a census, but rather a time of familial loss and mourning. Castiel was stationed around the hills around Bethlehem with Uriel, Rachel, Inias, Hester, and Balthazar. At Anna’s command, they appeared before a small group of shepherds to use them as vessels. Though they were frightened, the shepherds readily consented. While angels could manifest on Earth whenever they chose, few humans outside of prophets or possible vessels ever saw them, but they nevertheless had great respect for and fear of them.
of smell. For the first time in months, the air around him didn't reek of roses. Instead, he could smell iron, salt, and old cardboard boxes.
Sam smirked. “Fine. We’re doing this the hard way.” Sam raised his hand.
“Dean Winchester is saved!”  Castiel bellowed, floating invisible, high above the grave.
Jesus learned they were heading to the Jordan River for cleansing at the hands of a man called John the Baptizer. Jesus knew him better as his cousin, John bar Zechariah. He was supposed to become a Temple priest like his father before him, but instead joined the Essenes, a monastic order who lived near the Dead Sea. A few months later, he left the order and went down to the banks of the Jordan, preaching about the coming Kingdom of God, the end of the world and, more importantly, repentance.
under his breath.
jam! Don’t be such a square, babe.”
(See the end of the chapter for
,” Zachariah said. “All you have to do is drive down the interstate to see “you” as a blonde haired, blue eyed, gun-toting Savior of The Red States. It’s a bunch of jingoistic, revisionist drivel, but we do nothing about it because it’s good for business.”
“The Angel said you had to speak in the synagogue today?” James whispered as he and Jesus walked to the synagogue.
Dean thumbed through the books. “That’s a lotta reading.” He chuckled.
“Cas said she’s somewhere in Minnesota or Wisconsin.”
Dean let out a muffled groan, biting it back as the barbs pierced his forehead and blood flowed into his eyes.
“Joel! Leave that man alone. What have I told you about talking to strangers? ” A woman with well-coiffed brown curls marched over to them. She shot Dean a nasty look, giving his flannel shirt and faded leather jacket a once-over as she started pushing Joel away.
The mother froze instantly. Her eyes focused hard on Dean as she slowly walked back over to him, reverence flooding her face. “You’re—
Dean dreamed of whips, a crown of thorns, a heavy crossbeam across his shoulders that made him stumble onto brick pavement and sand. At one point in the dream, he felt the weight of the beam disappear as an arm wrapped tightly around his waist, holding him upright. Dean set his gaze on the man who was helping him, whom he assumed to be Simon of Cyrene. Simon shifted most of the beam onto his own shoulders, but Dean noticed he carried it with almost no effort. Dean could sense grace emanating from him. It was a grace Dean knew very well.
“I am.” The waitress nodded, looking up at him. “And you would be?”
James sighed. “The morning meal is done. You should come inside with me and eat.”
Dean stared at it for a second before he put the shirt back on. Turning around, he placed his hands firmly on the bathroom counter dipping his head down, a shaky breath leaving his mouth. He stood there for a moment, listening intently to the muffled sound of Sam’s voice talking to Bobby on his cell phone. The word ‘roses’ came from Sam’s mouth, blunt and confident.
“Not helping, Cas.”
worry.”
“About what?” Dean cocked an eyebrow. He put the bible that Sister Joan had lent him onto the pew, and crossed his arms.
It was a foggy, ancient memory. Cas-darker skinned, brown-eyed and dressed in a long wool tunic-drawing a sigil in the sand, making a slashing motion with his palm before placing it on top of the sigil.
A moment later, Dean heard the sound of flapping wings, followed promptly by a gruff voice.
Dean shrugged sarcastically. “Gee, I don’t know, maybe because you possessed one of my disciples, made him betray me and got me nailed to a tree?” He glared at Zachariah, his expression dark. “If I wasn’t handcuffed, I’d stab you in the face.”
“Dude, I don’t care,” Dean scoffed. “I’m not a saint. Even if I am one.”
Dean’s eyes quickly looked down at the now-bruises on his wrists. “I still don’t get why I was Chosen.” His chest heaved as he shook his head. “I mean, I
“Are you sure these are gonna work?" Dean cocked an eyebrow, brushing the needles from his jacket and hair. “Those lights look like they’re older than me.”
Castiel nodded.  He slid into the pew, sitting next to him. “How much of the wall has come down?” he asked.
The two men Castiel did know well were seated at the end of the table where they joked quietly with each other between sips of wine. They were brothers. The two eldest sons of a carpenter from Nazareth. The younger one was called James. The older one was called Jesus.
“Visions?”
“Ya know...” Dean cleaned his throat. “...Like did her husband mention anything strange going on in their house?  Strange smells? Lights flickering?”
They were footsteps Dean knew all too well. “Hey Sammy.” Dean turned around, his gaze following Sam as he walked the short distance down the aisle.
“Then why won’t you let me come with you?”
Nothing was there.
Castiel shook his head. “That won’t be necessary.” He placed his fingers against Jesus’ temple.
“That so?” The man chuckled as he shifted his cane between his hands. “I was with Delta 1/3. What outfit was your Old Man with?”
“What about your mission?” Judas asked. “Do you doubt that?” He handed the wine skin over to Jesus.
“Well.” Sam shrugged. “You can change water into wine. If you can do
“My powers come with the gig, Sam. I’m
Dean placed his duffle bag down on the floor in the living room. “How bad is it?”
?” Ruby paused. “
“Right. April, ’03.You and your old man saved my tail.” Jacob nodded. “So what can I do you for?”
“Someone who probably deserves to be The Messiah more than I
“Wonderful.” The wife led the two of them down the hallway to the pastor’s office. The room was empty when they walked inside. “He should be here shortly.” She smiled as she gestured to a set of chairs across from a desk that both of them sat down in. She gave them a nod and left the room.
“What the Essenes call, ‘The War of the Sons of Light Against the Sons of Darkness.’”  Castiel’s voice was low and ominous.
“Kid now isn’t-”
couldn’t,” Castiel said bluntly. He looked at Dean. “But Jesus
Dean looked away from Bobby. “I
Jesus and the Apostles were seated around a table in a small second-floor inn room, a spread of figs, hummus, and flatbread before them. Joining them at the table were Simon and Judas.
Bobby stared at him. “Well,” he sighed. “I got a bottle of Johnny Walker Blue Label Rufus gave me a few months back sitting in the basement somewhere.  How about I dig her out and we crack her open?”
of Dean?” Sam’s fists clenched. “
It was then that he saw her. Ima. Mother. Dean knew it was her. The voice in his head, the one he’d come to know so well, called her such with fear and desperation. It
Dean nodded. "Perfect."
of Gehenna comes with him.” He looked at Jesus. “And if he does come, you are the only one who can destroy him.”
Alastair grabbed Dean by the neck, lifting him slowly up off the floor. “We’re going to win, and when we do, we’ll owe it all to you, Dean Winchester. Your Father must be so proud of you.” Alastair’s grip tightened.
Dean looked over to find Bobby sleeping in the chair, his empty glass lying tipped over in his lap. “Figures,” Dean scoffed. He got up and walked over to the chair, grabbing the glass and putting it on the coffee table. He stood absentmindedly staring at the television for a while before wandering into the kitchen. Dean grabbed his jacket from back of one of the chairs and made his way to the front door. On the way, he grabbed the half-full whiskey bottle from the coffee table and walked out onto Bobby’s front porch, closing the door behind him.
“Goodnight Sam.”
Cas groans. “Jack-
“Goodnight, Cas. I love you.”
He resists the urge to run a hand over Dean’s head where his hair is sticking out of place. It would probably be ruffled again from sleep in a second, but the urge is still strong. And what would it be like to be human again?  To slip in beside him and sleep and dream. To feel warm. Being awake at night is so cold which makes him think of Sam and pity him: The human that doesn’t sleep.
“Sleep well.”
"Go on ahead. I'll meet you there," Dean told Benny. He gave Benny the daisy so Michael wouldn't smite him the minute he stepped through the door.
Cas tries to say,“Goodbye, Claire,” but she had already hung up.
“I love you, too, Jack.”
“Once I rose above the noise and confusion…”
Dean’s smile fades for a moment but returns quickly. “How we feel about each other isn’t awkward, Cas. I’m sorry it’s taken me so long to say it. But I do love you.”
Cas puts the beer in the fridge. He leaves the candy next to the coffee machine so Sam and Dean will find it easily the next morning. Jack goes to the map room to look through some books Sam and Dean recommended to him. Some of the books are for research. There is his portion of lore to get through, Sam’s Nephilim texts which Dean tends to joke are “Self Help” books. There’s also room for recreation. Dean recommends novels while Sam always offers a biography, usually about true crime.
On the floor there is a blue and green flannel tangled up in the arms of a tan trench coat. In the bed above them are their owners, also wrapped up in one another.
Finally, Jack fixes heaven. Instead of the impersonal silver cubicles Chuck designed, it’s open and much like Earth. Jack found Bobby and asked him what he thought heaven should be.
Sam ran through Dean’s door behind Cas, a demon blade in his hand. “What’s going on?”
"Everything. You weren't there, Benny. We've lost so much. Every win comes with a worse loss."
Cas picks up. “Hello, Claire.”
So it wasn’t his worst night. “How are things with Eileen?”
And he starts to sing and rub circles into Cas’ shoulder.
Jack throws his arms around Cas again, this hug even shorter than the last. “Goodnight, Cas. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
The first time Cas had watched them sleep in the Bunker, he went to Sam’s room first. Sam is a fairly light sleeper to begin with. Cas had opened the door and Sam was awake, reading a book.
Cas checks the time before putting his phone in his pocket. He wraps the cord around his walkman and slips that into his pocket as well. Around this time each night he allows himself the luxury of watching over the Winchesters.
“I don’t understand.” Sam and Dean needing my help? That didn’t seem right. Why would they need me? They had made it pretty clear that they don’t even like me.
In that moment, Jack returned all of the alternative worlds, each Sam and Dean given relative freedom, the apocalypse canceled for each one, and all of the au members in our world have been returned to their home. In one alternative world, Charlie and her girlfriend are at a table cleaning guns and eating eggs.
Dean is still driving around, cursing under his breath without realizing he is praying. “Cas, you son of a bitch.”
“It doesn’t matter, Jack. The empty said that I’ll be taken away when I have a moment of true happiness. You, Sam, Dean-You already make me happy. The joy you add to my life, Jack, is worth the sacrifice. Besides, there is only one thing that may be missing from my existence, and it is something I will never obtain. That is why I’m not worried about the empty. And I’m okay with that. You and the Winchesters are enough for me. More than enough. More than I could have ever asked for.”
Jack is still working in heaven. He smiles knowing that Cas and Dean have been reunited, that Sam and Eileen are starting the life they deserve. He looks around at the world he is working to build. He’s nowhere near done, but he’ll get there. Everyone will be exactly where they are supposed to be. No loose ends. No plot holes. And one day, old and in their beds, Sam and Dean will die and ascend to heaven. Two boys, neglected by their father, with nowhere to call home for most of their lives, found family. They always had and always will have each other, but for the first time, it feels like they are free to be more than just the family business.
Cas thinks about Dean’s life. How he was wants a child full of potential to be anything. How he grew up in the hunting life, his free will stripped from his as much as the angels. How there is always that voice in the back of his mind, gnawing at him, begging him for better. How one day soon Dean will make a very human mistake that will end his life, and there is nothing Castiel can do to stop it. Cas can see why Dean chose his favorite songs. What he cannot grasp is what Dean means by giving him this tape. The idea keeps haunting him until Jack wakes up.
Cas pulls out the walkman to play the tape. He listens to it almost every night, sometimes while he cleans. He has thought about asking Dean to make him another mixtape so that he has something else to listen to on the walkman, but that would involve complimenting Dean’s taste in music which Castiel refuses to do even though Dean’s taste IS pretty good. Dean has made fun of Castiel’s music too often to earn that kind of praise. He takes the walkman and his phone to the kitchen. Cas folds his trenchcoat under his thighs and sits with perfect posture against the chair.
Sam didn’t even put his book down. “It’s okay. Did you need something?”
Dean gets up from the table and puts his plate in the sink. The sudden absence wakes Cas from his thoughts, daydreams being the only kind he has anymore. There’s a joke somewhere about how even in the empty, he wasn’t able to sleep. Luckily he will never have to go back.
"But it's always him." Dean looked over at Cas who had wondered off a few yards. Some markings on a tree interested him. "I lost Bobby who was like a father to me. I lost my Dad twice, my mom twice. And it's his fault. People keep leaving. And Cas is part of it. Every time."
“You don’t have to go oh oh oh oh.” sings the man from the box. Cas thinks-No-He hopes-That Dean is using the song to say things he can’t himself.
He slips into Dean’s room; the cracked door makes no noise.  He positions himself on the left side of Dean’s bed and looks down on him. He tosses once onto his other side so that he now faces Cas, but he keeps his hands clenched under the pillow almost certainly clutching his gun.
I stood up from my chair to confront the figure that appeared in front of me. A boy I could only describe as golden stood perfectly still in front of me. He looked to be between the ages of seventeen and twenty-one. A gasp exited my lungs, but before I could scream for Rod to come help me, the boy raised his hand in greeting.
is it. This is the only thing they need. Each other. Their family.
"Are you okay, by the way?" Cas asked with concern. All of a sudden he was eyeing Dean as if he had an X-ray in them.
So they decided that it will be best for everyone if they'll make the wedding in a big hall outside of town, rent something for the day. And it all worked out, they picked a decent estate. It actually isn't so strange, many people had their wedding in there, according to the owner. There were also a lot of benders, but that's just a detail.
"Now you're just making that up to boost my ego," Dean returned him the look.
"Such a drama queen. Am I right, Cas?" Dean turned back to Cas, looking for backup. Cas was smiling a little, but he gave Dean an admonishing look. He still understood that Sam is right. People need to be saved and their kiss can really wait.
He got into the car, to the driver's seat, and waited for Cas to get in the passenger seat. He smiled at him, tired but immensely happy.
That is all they need.
To be exact, he doesn’t remember Dean more peaceful and cheerful than now. Happy, in fact. He always carried some enormous problem or upcoming catastrophe on his shoulders, which was sucking even the last bit of will to live out of him. It terrified Sam, every day and every moment. But he couldn’t do anything about it, because he had so many problems himself. The end of the world, hunting monsters, you name it. But even if there wasn’t any of this… What could he possibly do? It’s not like he could somehow help Dean find something that at least remotely resembles happiness.
"Wow, Cas, this got serious and philosophical real quick," he chuckled, trying to hide the tears he was fighting with a dose of humor. He certainly didn't think this quick "watching stars" break would almost bring him to his knees.
Then the ceremony started. Jody walked Dean down the aisle. Sam was already waiting, ready to perform the ceremony instead of a priest. The paperwork will be a real bitch, but it's worth it. Sam is a lot better than some stranger.
Dean shook his head. "Man... This should be illegal."
"Like hell," Dean chuckled.
hunter husbands.
While Dean waited for his bride to show, he looked at everyone in the hall, now sitting only a few meters away. Jack, Eileen, Charlie, Rowena, Crowley, Jody, Donna, Kaia... they were all here.
Castiel opened his eyes, just like many times before because he couldn’t sleep. He instantly saw a face to him so familiar. Dean was breathing regularly, a little snore once in a while broke the silence in their room. Cas smiled every time and every time he felt like falling in love with Dean all over again. In his eons on this planet, he had never seen anything and anyone more beautiful than the man lying next to him.
"Sorry," Dean apologized.
"We should probably call Sam to tow us already," Cas whispered with a smile on his lips. He was still dangerously close to Dean's.
All guests were slow dancing and Dean and Cas couldn't do any different. When Elvis Presley's
"Still with the bee?" Cas looked at him with a slight amusement.
"Ehm, which ones do you exactly mean?" Dean leant even closer so that their cheeks were touching.
He gulped, trying to pull himself together. He never knew how to react to this kind of validation. How to react to this tingling feeling somewhere inside him, like his very own soul has been stroked by another. The comfort Cas made him feel, just by being by his side and breathing.
"Come on, boys, leave some room for me!" Jody called out and snuggled up to the brothers' hug.
“Hello, Dean,“ Cas said when he appeared behind Dean. Dean turned to him and gave him a little nod with a smirk on his lips.
"I mean, I don't know... Sometimes I'm just not good with the whole talking thing. Expressing my... emotions thing, you know," Dean lowered his eyes.
you could wait a few seconds and kiss in the car."
Claire made them a powerpoint presentation. She compiled every picture she (or anybody) took of Dean and Cas, looking absolutely love sick and Dean literally sobs. Cas gently caresses him on his cheek. They stare at the close up pictures of their faces and they make fun of each other, knowing damn well they are both head over heels in love. Therefore, totally fucked.
read his mind by now. Because Cas was
"I, Dean Winchester," they started in unison, " take thee,..."
Sam (because he wouldn't let Dean drive on his wedding day) parked in front of the hall, next to some other cars. They all got out and entered the big, airy room. When Dean walked in, he almost went nuts. He never was the one to admire these kinds of things, but he had to admit that this was just flawless.
"Come on, you don't need to thank us. Just put it on and shine, baby!" Charlie cheered.
And it was also knowing each other so well that they didn't have to talk. The voice of their eyes was deeper than the ocean and more powerful than silence.
“Hey, Dean. I think I found us a case. Look, it’s near here. Two dead bodies, both without a heart. That’s worth to look into, right?“ Sam spoke to Dean, meanwhile Dean was sitting at a table, drinking a beer and looking absently forward.
"Are you sure? I don't want to by any means make Dean uncomfortable by my choice of clothes..."
"Dean, I knew it before you even started to think about it."
"You bought me a tuxedo?" Dean said, astonished.
Cas ran his free hand through Dean's hair and stopped at the back of his neck. They lost count of the time, but at that moment, it didn't matter. There were only them, their lips and nothing else. They even forgot to make space for occasional breathing, so when Cas pulled away, they were both trying to catch their breath.
And after all the preparations, Dean jumped into his Impala with Sam and Jody and drove right to the place where their wedding was planned. It wasn't in a church because... well, for starters, Crowley was invited. And a demon, the King of Hell, in a church was not something that would feel right, you know.
, regardless and because of all of it. And
The one thing Dean didn’t know, was that Sam left on purpose. He knows his brother too well and he could clearly tell that Dean was praying. And the only one he could pray to, was Castiel. So he wanted to give them a little bit of space and privacy, because he just doesn’t have to see or hear everything.
"Are you nervous?" Sam asked, returning him a smirk.
"Whew," Dean stretched his back after the effort he and Cas had to make. His look got stuck at the night sky. He didn't know what Cas was staring at a little while ago, but as he was looking at the night sky above them, he understood.
"You know I can read your mind, right?" Cas said, smiling even more now.
"Well, you know, she is a little older model now..." Cas started.
"Well, you know," Cas shrugged like it was nothing special. "Nights as an angel could've been kind of... tedious. I had to entertain myself somehow. And looking at your face never gets old. I'll never get tired of looking at you."
“You call letting Dean go out into the world like that alone “watching over him”?” Anna cocked an eyebrow. “He’s not safe.”
Castiel paused. “I heard your prayer. Your confession, Dean. Jimmy could remember it when I took control of his body.”
Sarah had been dead for nearly twenty years.  She had been the eldest daughter, the first after a string of boys.  At the age of six, two seasons after Jesus' Bar Mitzvah, she was stung by a yellow scorpion.
“Dean?” The voice echoed throughout the church.
as he is John’s.”
Ruby didn’t mutter Aramaic in her sleep when sacred vision and dream melded together in her subconscious. There was no glow that washed over her face like a halo against the flames of a burning grave in the dead of night. Angels didn’t follow her around and bend their knee to her.
by Rise Against
because she said you smell bad? I didn’t think you’d be so damn
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, I guess.” A scoff left his mouth as he kicked the boots off, wincing as he shifted on the bed.
Dean stood up again. He was silent for a moment as he glanced over to Sam before turning back to the mother. He nodded. “I am. But you gotta understand, I’m not here to—”
Dean was more stubborn, more willful, far less willing to accept his fate. Though that gave Castiel some hope, it couldn’t drive the ghost from him.
. He wasn’t even
The desperate, hopeful prayer of a little boy who lacked an understanding of mortality and wanted his mother back, the doubt-filled prayer of a young man who understood mortality far too well and longed for a cure for a young woman with a brain tumor. There were prayers that were actually intended to be conversations with a ghost and prayers that sounded more like blasphemes, but they were prayers nonetheless, even if Dean never realized it. Castiel had heard them all.
.” Dean took a sip from his coffee, watching Jimmy he couldn’t wrap his mind around the fact that the man sitting in front of him, sucking down this milkshake like it was manna from heaven, wasn’t Cas anymore. And yet everything about Jimmy was different. From the way he smiled at the simple pleasure of his milkshake, to the tone of his voice.
Sam jumped out of his chair and picked up Dean off the floor.
“I told you,” Ruby breathed, kissing him back. “It was demon business.”
“Trick you with what, Dean?” she scoffed. “A home? A family? A
Dean’s smirk faded as the whiskey burned its way down his throat, numbing him. The alcohol suppressed the weeping and gnashing of teeth he had brought with him out of the grave. It made it easier to tuck it back into a corner of his mind, though never doing so completely.
. You’re the only one with the power to prevent Lucifer’s release and you’re the only one who can fight him if our efforts fail and he
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, pulling his keys out of his pocket. “How many boxes of lights you gonna need?”
With that, Judas walked away. Castiel watched him until he melted into the crowd. When Judas disappeared, Castiel made his way to the fortress.
The Title is from
Sam nodded, quickly shaking the man’s hand before he started to make his way into the parking lot.
“It’s alright, Dean.” Castiel walked over to him. He crouched down and placed his hand on top of Dean’s hand that was holding the ax. “I know it was hard for you to say that. And I understand that it’s something you can’t...act on. Just knowing that you said it, gives me peace and happiness.”
Sam stood back up. He brushed his finger over the barbed wire cruelly pressed into Dean’s temple. “You know, that gives me an
“I have four children and a wife at home.” Simon glared at the both of them. “Judah’s wife is with child. We have our own families to care for.” He paused for a second, his gaze on Jesus. “But
In the evenings, Dean helped Jacob get rid of the rest of the demons in town and during the day he helped Susan set up the nursery. He made a toy box out of some wood crates he found in the attic. Dean left early Sunday morning, refreshed with a flask full of fresh consecrated wine, hitching a ride on a tractor-trailer headed for Chicago.
Dean collapsed to his knees as he cried out, his hands pressed firmly against his head. Blood had already started soaking through his beanie, leaving behind splotches of red against the olive green fabric.
“You’re telling me I was destined to learn how to fire a gun at the age of six? To kill a man at age twelve? To kill werewolves at fourteen? To have to watch those closest to me get ripped to shreds by monsters? And you’re telling me that was my “destiny”?” Dean snapped.
indication, you’re sure as hell not strong enough to fight her. And what happens if Lilith
James cocked an eyebrow. “What are you talking about?”
Before Dean could object any further, Castiel disappeared into the bathroom, returning with some clean clothes, towels, and an ice bucket filled with water. He placed them on the nightstand as he helped take Dean’s t-shirt off, undoing each of Dean’s wrappings before he sat himself down next to Dean, the bucket and a washcloth in hand.
The vessel Castiel was wearing was a man named Simon, from the town of Cyrene. He was far from perfect, a second or third cousin of his first vessel, and because of that he was weak, but Castiel hadn’t had a choice. Zachariah had cloaked his first vessel and his family, and Castiel didn’t have the time to go searching for them, let alone convince them to accept his possession.
“No.” Dean looked up at John. “No, Sir.” His voice shook.
Before James could say anything, Jesus stepped forward. “No,” he said confidently, “I will read it.”
Anna stood behind Uriel, Castiel’s angel sword clutched tightly in her hand.
happen was I started to bleed.” Guilt filled his voice. “I’ve healed blindness, childhood Leukemia, fuck, I’ve even brought people back from the dead.” Dean took a deep breath. “I just can't heal Sam.”
.” Dean scoffed.
“They won’t,” Dean said bluntly.
Jimmy shook his head. “No. All I remember is being suppressed. I could only hear him and then suddenly, I wasn’t and I couldn’t.”
The sound of a hammer striking hard against metal and wood filled Dean’s ears, along with an agonizing wail. Pain. Dull pain that drove itself through skin, tendon, vein, and muscle and scratched against bone.
Dean leaned back in the seat. “I just think it might be a good idea, all things considered
“Which is why
back up. I’m feelin’ the best I’ve felt in a week and I don’t wanna waste it.”
“Sam!” Dean rasped. He stumbled to his feet and ran to the chapel doors, pulling on the handles and pounding his hands against the wood.
He stacked a few wooden pallets and grabbed some scrap wood, and took it to a clearing in the salvage yard. Bobby began building a pyre, building it up with the remainder of the dead leaves from the previous fall.
“Sam?” Ruby looked up at him. “You okay?”
“You finally found a girl you like, nephew?” he slurred. “We should put the both of you under the canopy get you wed now, while there’s still time. It’s bad luck if you’re not married by thirty.”
Dean froze. “What happened?”
Castiel grew silent.
“I told you, Dean. It
He was quiet for a moment, taking a sip of his drink before he looked back up at Dean. “Listen Dean, I get why you’ve been doing this whole “going to church” thing. Really, I do.” He took a deep breath. “But why don’t you stop beating around the bush and just reveal yourself?”
“We call ourselves Legion,” the demons chuckled sarcastically. “Not that knowing that will help you much. Not unless you know each and every one of our names.”
“Well… hitchhiking, mostly.”
While in Wichita, Dean found Joyland, a derelict amusement park he vaguely remembered John taking him and Sam to when they were kids. The park was also occupied by a teenage boy named Matt. Dean had discovered—after politely declining a proposition from the boy—that he had been living out on the streets for four months. His extremely conservative parents had kicked him out following their discovery that he and his best friend were actually romantically involved. His boyfriend had been shipped off to military school while Matt had been thrown out of his home.
was always there for Sam. Not you.” Dean glared, his eyes sharp as daggers. “
“Capernaum.” Jesus shrugged.
He marched into the foyer, quickly putting on his boots, socks and jacket before running into the kitchen, where, to his relief, he found the Impala’s keys lying haphazardly on the counter.
“No! No. She’s fine—as far as I know anyway–it’s just …” Dean paused awkwardly. “It’s… a
“Yes,” Jesus said. He shrugged. “For now.”
“Is that
or if those dicks took you to Bible Camp...but...I
“But Ima would never do that.” James shook his head. “They were married in the summer. You were born the following spring.”
“Dean—”
The singer of the church’s band, a red-headed woman, stepped forward. “You can’t say that. That’s blasphemy.”
This chapter contains explicit sexual content.
Since his resurrection, Dean wouldn’t even open the drawer the bibles were kept in.
do that, Dean.”
The moment Jesus emerged sputtering from the water, the light faded and the buzzing ceased, leaving a blinding, searing heat in its wake. Hot as lightning, it coursed through his veins. A storm settled in his ribcage. It swirled in the pit of his stomach, filling him until it had worked itself into every nook and cranny of his flesh, purging any emptiness he might have had.
“A blessing,” Sam spat.
But when his feet touched down inside Alastair’s dungeon, something happened. He heard it. A voice. Desperate, anguished, guilt-ridden and weeping, it prayed—pleaded— for salvation.
Dean paused, finally taking the glass of water from Sam. “What?”
Gently, so gently, grief flashing cold through his entire body, Bobby placed two fingers to Dean’s neck. There was no pulse.
He was afraid of what would happen if he couldn’t get stronger. He was equally afraid of what would happen if he did.
also kill gods.”
He turned around to find Bobby standing a few feet behind him, holding a shotgun in his hand.
“Well, we haven’t checked in with him in a while and he’s up in bumfuck Vermont all by himself. During the Holidays. Somebody should check on him.”
Dean smiled sadly. “I guess some things don’t change.”
“Of course it is! I’m
Jesus had loved the water as well. The Sea of Galilee was one of the few places he was ever truly at peace.  It was the only place that could cool the heat in his veins and calm the buzzing in his ears. So much so that the only time he truly ever got any rest was inside a fishing boat.
Claire screamed again.
Amelia took them. “Thank you.”
“So much for leaving before the next mass,” Dean muttered to himself, head bowed, as he slid a palm frond reflexively through his fingers, feeling the slightly sharp edge of the leaf over on his calloused skin.
James quickly rushed over, glaring at his brother. “Leave him alone, Simon.”
“What?” Dean squinted.
anything, Sam,” Dean raised his voice slightly.“And I don’t
“Thanks.” Dean stood up from the table, trudging out of the kitchen and over to the stairs.
“I didn’t need to know that Bobby,” Dean grumbled, tossing his duffle bag on one of the motel room beds.
Dean nodded. “It was the same thing before with...Old Me and Old Sam.” Dean took a deep breath, putting the cup down in his lap. “Jesus was the last Sword. His little brother James was The Dragon. It just never happened because it was stopped," Dean paused. “They s-stopped with...you know...crucifixion.”
“— endless, well-intentioned, but still incredibly insulting questions like ‘Why haven't you gone under the canopy yet?’” she asked.
“It sounds to me like you need some faith in
“No.” Dean shrugged.
That fear was why Sam had been avoiding Ruby as much as possible. He hadn’t seen her since they met Anna and he wanted to keep it that way.
As far as he could see, the sun beat down upon an endless expansion sand and rock. It was oppressively hot. Desolate. Empty, and exactly what Jesus sought. But even surrounded by vast expanses of emptiness, he was never alone.
It blended viciously with the burning pressure in his lungs, radiating throughout the whole of his chest, growing more intense with each passing moment. Then suddenly, it stopped. Cold. The visions faded and the pain ceased, giving way to silent stillness.
You guys are putting all your money on a losing horse.”
,” Sister Joan said, concerned. She looked at Dean with hope instead of pity. “You’re going to need it.”
Judas didn’t say anything. He just took a sip of his wine.
The sound of wings rung out again, followed by feet moving on the carpet behind her. “Come on, that’s a
“Ideally, the Jordan.” Castiel’s voice was simple as he walked over to him. “But he’s a God of the wilderness. If you’re going to try to find Him, Dean, you’ll find Him in the wilderness.”
"Oh yeah?” Sam cocked an eyebrow. “What kind of demon business is so important that you had to leave?"
“Is that you or Abba talking?” James asked knowingly.
Sam’s eyes lowered to the ground as he shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket, blinking away hot tears.
“Night, Sammy.”
Claire being a night owl herself tends to call Cas in the middle of the night. And Cas appreciates it. It can get pretty lonely. Like spending every other day isolated from the people you love.
Jack fidgets with the seatbelt not liking the way it scratches and puts marks on his shoulder. “Cas, can I ask you something?”
"Who's Rowena?"
“We ganked that son of a bitch three days ago. We decided to spend the last night blowing off a little steam.”
Now nothing can take you away from me
Eventually, they came to a small wooden shack in the middle of the forest. They went in slowly. On their guard. There wasn't much inside. A rusted old spade. A rake with the handle sharpened to a point. A pair of dirty gardening gloves.
“I’ll bet. I texted Dean that I’m only a phone call away to join this fight. He ignored me. But C’mon! God! That’s the ultimate hunt!”
Dean plunged straight into purgatory, his home away from home, without looking back. Cas saunters begins him looking rather blank.
"I just don't want to get stuck here again." Cas urges. Dean shrugs apologetically at Benny while giving him an "I'll tell you later look."
And love is all that I need
Cas internally curses Dean for making things so difficult. “Dean doesn’t like to feel vulnerable. He shows his love in other ways.”
“When I took Chuck’s powers, Sam and Dean told me to leave him at the lake. That didn’t feel right. I came back for him and helped him find a place to live. We ended up talking for hours. It was nice to get to know him. Even if he did try to kill everyone. That part isn’t important. I asked him what he would have done differently, and he said that he should have listened to you.”
Dean leans against the Impala and crosses his legs. He looks anywhere but at Cas. “You changed me, Cas. I was fighting for free will without ever really believing in it. If I believe in it now, that is because you showed me it was possible. But mostly, I think I’ve been taking you for granted. You should do whatever makes you happy, Cas. I won’t stand in your way. Not anymore.”
Sam turns to leave, the book he was reading is still tucked under his arm, but he stops.
“Dean does a lot of things you shouldn’t emulate.” Cas responds with an equally tired expression. Jack is reluctant but complies.
For the record, he tends to video chat Eileen around five when she gets up in the morning. That is what has been keeping him. Sam would be lying if he said he still didn’t think about the demon blood, though. The power it gave him. Often on hunts he finds himself wishing he had those abilities again. Any time he gets thrown around by demon minion #4 he tries, just a little, to use his mind like he used to. It doesn’t work without the blood anymore. He almost digs out his keys and his demon blade to hunt down some defenseless demon. To calm himself down, he thinks about Crowley. Crowley’s human blood addiction that paralleled his own problems so well keeps him steady. He doesn’t want to have anything in common with Crowley despite their (friendship?) ending on reasonably good terms.
"You blamed me, Dean. You wouldn't look at me. What was I supposed to do?"
“Dean doesn’t wear his seatbelt.”
Don’t ever change.
“So, Becky, I decided to make you a prophet, my first one.” Jack smiled proudly.
I know I used to have a thing for Sam that led to some really questionable behavior, but I am so happy for him right now. From what Jack has shown me, he and Eileen are perfect together.
“That’s exactly why he didn’t call you.” he deadpans.
"My powers might be failing me, but I can still hear you."
Dean was about to give up. He turned to enter the portal when he heard Cas' voice behind him.
Cas looks at Jack with fatherly contempt. “Put on your seat belt.”
There was only you and me
“Whatever. I better get going. Kaia looks like she’s gonna be sick. Take care of yourself.”
“Cas is out of the empty?”
"Benny!" Dean went in for a hug.
“But why? Are you so unhappy? With me and Sam and Dean, I mean. I know we have Chuck to deal with but we have fun sometimes. Like tonight with poker. But the empty still won’t come for you. I guess I’m wondering what your true happiness is if our family, the way it is, isn’t enough.
Dean took in Cas’ words for a moment. He nodded his head once before sliding back into bed. He didn’t look at Cas or say anything else to him that night. In fact, they never spoke about it again, but every night after, even on the days they were fighting, Dean left his door cracked and the hinges oiled so Cas could work his angel magic without getting shot. Or stabbed. Again.
Castiel, Jack, and Dean are seated at the kitchen table. They chat idly about nothing serious for a change: music Dean wants to show Jack, Cas’ fashion choices, the endearing yet out-of-date memes Donna sends to the group chat. At some point Dean gets up from the table, lays a hand on Cas’ shoulder that rests just a beat too long, and lets out the longest and most unnecessary yawn imaginable.
Suddenly his phone starts blaring.
“Dean! I’m sorry! I-
“Sam, I have to quit hunting because I am pregnant.”
Sam beams at the news. He kisses Eileen while gently cupping her face with both of his massive hands. The kiss breaks, and Sam asks Eileen to move back into the bunker. With Chuck out of the way, she has no problem accepting.
Silently, Eileen signed back that she is proud of Sam. Sam asked her to only sign to him for a few hours so he can practice.
"That's life, brother. Wins. Losses."
“I will. I’ll stop back in when I can. There’s still a lot I need to fix. Chuck left this world in shambles, plus I need to restore the other worlds. It has occurred to me that I may need your advice from time to time. There is still a lot I don’t know.”
I skimmed Chuck’s pages. Dean dying on a piece of rebar, Sam living ambiguously in misery, Covid-19 preventing anyone from being together, even in heaven. All of this would come to pass. Chuck’s real ending. He knew he would lose, but Sam and Dean would suffer regardless. Chuck’s ending was always this way. Hopeless. The fans will hate it. The only highlight at all was a shirtless Sam scene and Dean finally overcoming his thing about dogs.
“Sure. Let me just-” Jack puts the deck of cards from earlier away no better at shuffling and dealing than before. He and Cas pile into Castiel’s  truck for the short drive.
“I’ve been in heaven, Dean. I wasn’t sure if you- I was afraid of what you would do if I came back.”
“As good as they can be under the circumstances. This thing with Chuck,” Cas sighs, “It’s so complicated.”
"Dean. Look around. Look at where you are. Who you're with.  I'd like to count myself among your losses, and I know Cas has nothing to do with that. It sounds to me like bad things happen, and the little guy takes the heat for bein' there."
“I’m glad you’re having fun.” he said honestly, dropping the topic.
I’m finding it hard to believe we’re in heaven
Dean used to complain about Cas watching him sleep. He still does on occasion saying it’s creepy or that he doesn’t like it. But Cas considers himself Sam and Dean’s guardian angel. Watching them sleep and making sure nothing happens to them is the primary part of the job.
“That’s not how you shuffle. Now watch closely.” He smoothly shuffled the cards and they made a soft puffing sound that mark a professional card player. Without meaning to, Dean had dealt the cards and suddenly they were teaching Jack and Cas the rules of poker.
“Vegas!!!” Kaia yells into the speaker phone, definitely inebriated.
“Offended? I wouldn’t say that, Cas. I think you give me too much credit.”
Cas gets defensive. “Jack, I told you we wouldn’t have to worry about that deal.”
