To his shock, Sherlock lifted a hand and ran it gently down his face, over his neck.
John nodded swiftly, letting himself relax again.
left behind, because he couldn't face people asking him questions and needing him to smile or talk like a semi capable being.
"Forgive me but… I already seem to have it," he boasted.
“I was willing to give up London and break my arm to keep you alive. No, I don’t understand why that’s so hurtful to you,” Sherlock replied. John held his
“Can I ask you something, dear?” she asked, picking a bit of lint from her pants. John swallowed, sure he wouldn't want to answer. Mrs. Hudson didn't wait
sitting at the kitchen table, staring into a microscope that even John could see had no slides. Sherlock didn't spare a glance at Mrs. Hudson or the
"The Reichenbach painting, wasn't it? It's all over the papers," she replied, looking confused now.
one.
while the man stated that he was right, the police didn't consult 'amateurs'.
flat, both standing by Sherlock. "-what happen?" he asked before he thought to speak. Greg and Donovan both looked at him askance.
his mouth slightly open, his eyes racing over John's body.
cold to be sticky. John caught Sherlock's shell shocked expression and smiled grimly, realizing it was the first question he'd asked since that late night
"I'm certain he's fine. Just case stuff," Greg lied, trying to switch gears. He could ask how she'd been; was that inappropriate with John getting tortured
an impenetrable wall around Sherlock Holmes that no one could touch, but Sherlock did not respond at all.
John sighed. James Sholto. A vastly respectable man, crushed by his losses in war. Perhaps Sherlock did have a greater point to this.
"There's no need," he replied and walked into the room.
concluded. Sherlock sighed, the urgency falling out of his movements.
There were notches in the home's door frame, where heavy objects had scraped and banged against it. A series of small notches by the top of one supporting
John stopped, halfway through the surgery's sliding doors. Right.
level of concentration to achieve. Sign language is faster and better at distance and in groups. Oh, and you're going to give me some bullocks about deaf
Sherlock scoffed, releasing a puff of warm air into the painful cold.
love him more than anything else in the world, wanted to touch John's hands, run his hands down his chest. Sherlock felt a nervous, excited feeling in his
remember their conversations, surely, after their time together, he’d know. But Sherlock could not even say what John did in the army to learn his skills
wonder if it'd be worthwhile to ask the guy's name. It didn't seem worth it, he decided, moving to sit down on one of the lab stools. He didn't want to
John tried to walk away but he couldn't just go; he wanted to
Right. John nodded. Paperwork. He'd do paperwork. That was fine.
"Mr. Wilson," Sherlock greeted easily, his voice quiet and polite.
"John," Sherlock called but John didn't pause. "I -". Emotions roiled in his stomach, mixing regret in with his fear. "I should have brought you with me."
forgotten?
that. They'd had casseroles and violin music and paper-free coffeetables.
sessions, find a way to become more approachable. Mike walked down the car ramp when he returned, confirming what John had already thought; they were below
Flowers. Sherlock snarled at himself pacing around his german hotel room. Three false shipping addresses and a favor from Molly - who no doubt thought him
air; god, he was
expression when staring down an enemy. Sherlock could imagine the man pulling his SIG out of his hip holster and shooting him right there. He felt interest
"No…Greg. Is this Sherlock?" Lestrade answered senselessly.
"How do you get on, lettin' Sherlock go and have a girl like that? I swear, the only thing she likes about him is his name. Fame, and all that," she
~~/~~
“You mourned me,” Sherlock stated, like it was the conclusion to some great puzzle.
She'd had to work by Sherlock's body. He'd have quit, for sure.
"-We -not -other -couples," John answered, aware of the group of people now staring at them, cameras flashing. Donovan was glancing between them, looking
"Oh, sometimes I send out for something if I really need it but mostly I just remember it all."
Sherlock tore himself up from his reading, sputtering.
cared, and then hadn't wanted him to confirm it.
laugh and John felt his lips twitch in a smile. Mycroft ignored them, his expression only getting more stern.
Sherlock didn't know what he was thinking, what he planned to do, but John wasn't packing up to leave with him.
him,and what would that mean – sex, no
John shook his head sharply, dispelling the voice though not the idea. This man held a gun to Mrs. Hudson or Lestrade, and compelled Sherlock to jump. It
"-Museum -don't know -that. -If -we -look -bad, -police -look -bad," John answered, shrugging. Sherlock turned and peered at Lestrade.
hateful,
felt hopeful and relieved. John ground his palm into his forehead.
distance.
John grabbed his legs again, his hands steady and warm and Sherlock wanted to pull the man against him. He let himself be pulled up from the chair, those
violent enough to be talking about searing anyone. Which left 'who can hear me' and 'you can hear me'. Tedious. Sherlock sighed heavily, heard the strange
know John was here either. Donovan and Lestrade followed him.
"I need rules, John," Sherlock growled. John looked up from where he was opening the electric bill left on his desk.
for anything he did.
off. John hesitated with the bottle, heading back, and decided to keep it to himself. Even if he did look like a tosser drinking straight from the bottle
was enjoying this project – greatly enjoying it, even. John looked at him like he was doing something right every time he corrected him. He was working and
cut off the sight of Sherlock stuck in his ‘oh’ revelation expression. “Gossipmonger. Starts with a ‘y’,” John demanded.
~//~~
the whole truth of it.
for use. Sherlock leaned against the counter in his misshapen blue sweatshirt, staring down at the linoleum floor in something that looked disturbingly
Mycroft would not stand in the way of this investigation; it would mean severing every connection they had and Sherlock was too valuable an asset. No,
Sherlock's expression darkened.
hands. "A trump card on all of the Western World."
"No, let him," John caved, frustrated.
didn't know what to do with that, other than steadily ignore it. That seemed to work well enough. As long as they didn't get this drunk too often. Although
John closed his eyes, bile rising into his throat. That body splayed on the sidewalk, blood seeping through his hair. Everything, everything that was
self-satisfied.
"I exploited the fact of our connection," he said, like that was better. John decided it was better not to get involved, though he wanted to argue the
~~//~~
John's smile melted.
Harold Yale had been a serial killer for two years before James caught up with him and began providing him with specific targets. Now he took out some of the more revolting and elusive of James's 'unprosecutables'. The drug dealing college student, guilty of four murders - who'd already been kept from trial twice; the belligerent businessman who took his anger out on prostitutes - a crime no one was investigating; the millionaire head of a ponzi scheme preying on the very old and the very young; and now, Jennifer Wilson, the last of the run. Carefully timed to John Watson's release from physical therapy into the prohibitively expensive housing market of modern London. If his recruitment plan worked, which was looking gratifyingly likely, John Watson would soon move in as a full-time bodyguard and personal physician. A truly decent man, like no full-time crook could hire, and employed for free. An acquisition definitely worth the permanent retirement of Mr. Harold Yale. Unless John refused to bite. That would render the whole long farce a criminal waste of resources though at least he'd keep Harold on for at least a few more murders.
Sherlock strode up to the special unit officers and tore open the body bag's zip before either of the men had time to react. Sally watched as the men
at least was clue enough for the man but he could never
of the dogs' tethers and the dogs started barking and whining with excitement, anticipating their meal. He dug out the dogfood pile, the winter's store of
beige flat when he'd come back from the war. Had nothing to blog about, no one to distract him from wishing himself back in a war where his skills made
~~//~~
There weren’t many options. And all of these assassins were dead. Each by a crackshot who’d never been investigated. Mycroft’s doing, Sherlock had
He'd never really thought of John as particularly smart, he thought, tilting his head at the scene John was painting of his university peers. John was
properly, John thought, huffing out a breath. He dropped his arms, disgusted with himself. "All I want from you is for you to be miserable, to regret your
He closed his eyes as the bile rose up in his throat. There was still blood on the concrete, seeping into the sidewalk. The police hadn’t gotten here yet.
Mrs. Hudson walked in hours later, during their third horrid game with John too tired to do anything but watch Sherlock play his turn, to stop short at the
rest of his beer. John gaped; he'd never seen the man drink before.
be answers there. Then he turned, walked inside the sod house, and shut the door behind him.
again. His mind was stagnating.
"I do not have a drug habit," Sherlock growled, sounding frustrated.
He couldn't move in. They both knew that. He just couldn't be sitting on Sherlock's floor, naked again. He'd had every shred of pride peeled from him. It
humiliated, not 'hurt' or 'used'," Sherlock gloated, glancing at John as if to ensure that he was following, that he understood what Janine and he had
"So what's the problem then?" he asked. Christmas was three weeks away; that sounded perfect. This time it was his turn to surprise Sherlock. The man
a loud clang and stared at John like he'd brought it all about. John glanced around the familiar flat, wondering if he'd missed any signs that Sherlock
"Why not interested?" he demanded.
Four international assassins and Mycroft asking him to watch out for Sherlock. John scoffed out a laugh as he left. Like there was any question of that. He
Damn it John,
John smiled, grabbing the cards and using his teeth to break their plastic cover. "Poker for spoons it is," he agreed and Sherlock's expression cleared.
much more he'd almost lost. He kept an eye on the horizon, though he doubted there was any more risk of starving bears in the area now. He didn't know what
Sherlock flipped next to him on the couch that evening, his hip barely brushing John's. John kept tying up his blog, glad for what had turned into an
without leaving a trace. Now, he smelled, and the illusion was broken, and he looked like a rich madman who’d taken residence in the conference rooms of
he'd already ransacked the kitchen.
told each one that the place had been recommended by a friend – Sebastian – and had so far only been pointed to a scrawny, geeky-looking man in his forties
"Is it Sherlock? Is he alright then?" she called.
“We’ll grab a pint?” he asked. John nodded.
“Yeah.”
"Yes, pity, that would have been convenient," he complained, throwing himself back onto the couch and settling in to think about darker things.
John shrugged, not caring about the pain it sent ripping through his shoulder into his back. He wanted to be in pain and he didn't want to think too hard
your penis is in when I touch your hair," Sherlock answered before snapping the microscope light back on. "And because you are wondering, yes, I will still
~~/~~
"I wondered when this would happen," he said cryptically and turned back to the ceiling.
“John,” Harry called and it sounded like an order. John pulled his attention back to her. “It’s good to see you again. Even if the circumstances are shite.
then. Was Sherlock never going to sleep?
muscles and couldn’t twist at all. He slid himself around on his seat by his feet until he was sitting toward the sidewalk and waited. Sherlock's eyes
stepping over the furs he'd trampled that morning.
“Yeah,” Harry scoffed. “I don’t get that either.”
"The feathers on her jacket. It's too good of a suit to suggest work in animal care and regardless no animal care worker would think to hold one of their
will to do so.
"We're not using Janine, I know. But have you ever thought of just asking her?" John asked, doing his best to spray half of the bottle of multi-purpose
interruption.
“A new homeless network,” he concluded aloud and Sherlock nodded. “Did they find the man?”
"Let me leave you with the brochures. There are some very nice programs," she said, and gently laid a file on the table beside Sherlock's bed.
"Why?" Sherlock asked, his eyes flickering down to look at the inspector. Lestrade blinked back and glanced at John.
himself toward the living room, frustrated, and Sherlock got out of his way. John dropped himself into his chair on his own, ignoring how that tugged at
"Err.. Er, beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions, influences and role-models," Sherlock dodged rapidly.
and Sherlock was able to focus on the question again.
John folded the skin, fur out, and shoved it under the mattress to soften, opposite of where Sherlock sat. That was his answer, then? John wanted Sherlock
Molly tapped his arm and slipped something next to his hand. Sherlock glanced down.
"You'll bloody well read my mind, that's why. It's a game of math and observation; do you really expect me to compete?"
them leaving in the morning. That was no longer true. John's eyes were hard and cold, his posture stiff and unyielding. He had only packed Sherlock's
day with Mike, known that he'd mourned him and never stopped. What more was there to hide?
"Get in," Mycroft ordered. "We're going home."
John walked across the room to flick on the overhead light and stood over his desk, staring at the maps and papers and names spread across it.
his sockets like he was trying to read off of his own forehead. John relaxed in his chair, letting his socked feet brush up against the couch. His heart
How many times had he wanted Sherlock to make a move, only to walk out of the room to avoid the temptation? He’d thought it was because of the tension
pushed down to sit on the warm concrete before he fainted. It was the only reason in the world he'd let anyone take that body from him. He'd felt for a
“Oh, Sherlock, the mess you've made!” Mrs. Hudson tutted, sounding like a mother again. She began tidying up the kitchen and John became aware of how long he'd been leaning on his leg, just before a twinge through his knee sent a more motivating reminder. If he was going to be an idiot and move in with a man who was probably a mob boss, he might as well sit down for it. Sherlock was shoving piles around on his desk, still trying to neaten up.
"Christ," he cursed, trying to think of what this would have been like, living in 221B, Sherlock's experiments stinking up the kitchen, a crime case
John laughed at himself.
“We've only just met and we're going to go look at a flat?” John demanded. He never could avoid prodding arseholes, Harry said. Moriarty glanced at Mike for a moment, looking surprised. Mike shrugged easily.
fake/ a rake. Unless he'd gotten the word break wrong – her mistake? Whore relate? - no, it'd definitely ended more open-mouthed than 'relate'. The first
Okay, so he wasn't
John thought, shame churning in his stomach. He'd tasted his gun before the end of the first week. After a month he realized Sherlock's smell had faded
“You bastard,” he said. Referring to his false suicide or something more immediate? Sherlock frowned, uncertain, and Lestrade shook his head again. “You
The waitress dropped off the cheque. Sherlock slipped his card into it and handed it back before she left and John leaned back in his chair, looking
in the world and you won't help, you'll leave, because one woman, who means nothing to me, loves me? I cannot do my job if I am concerned with the feelings
"Where's Sherl?" she asked and John scoffed out a laugh.
"I'll confirm the custody proceedings," Donovan replied, sounding resigned as she headed out after him.
“Why does everyone keep calling me that?” he asked rhetorically, before turning back to Lestrade. “What are we waiting for? If John is alive, it’s for a
"-Two -corpse." He just pointed to the stairs, not knowing the word.
"-I ask her -if -she -insult -all -people -she -think -P-S-Y-C-H-O-T-I-C, -only -you, -which?"
pounding up the steps.
"Well then," she said cheerfully, and shoved the flowers back into the vase in his hands, though she'd only finished half their stems. She left without
She led him to a grand marble home by 10 Downing. John followed her inside, guessing he knew where he was. It was easy to imagine Sherlock here. The home
They were always unpleasantly surprised by the painful, nerve-damaged wreck of skin that tingled when they touched it too softly. They wanted a war trophy and found an injury. Sherlock found it irrelevant and he'd kept his fingers running
did to calm himself of the empty bedsit.
"-Over -four -cats," Sherlock stated, walking toward them.
~~/~~
room and turning to his dresser to fetch his pajamas. Why a grown man felt the need to wear pajama bottoms she had no idea. She'd asked him when they'd
benefits? He'd take all of it and any of it, so he didn't ask. The only important question was if Sherlock would stay or if he wouldn't.
Suddenly, though, Sherlock stilled, his whole body freezing though it'd seemed so still before. His face slowly lost its color, his eyes focusing on one
comfortable, to see Sherlock proving that he understood the enormity of his previous lies, that he wouldn't hide a case from John again. John followed
thicker. They ate in silence, so very different from the way it'd been sitting across from each other in Baker Street. Something twisted in Sherlock's
It was gone in only a moment and John sighed, exhausted again. Gladstone glanced at him, his lips twitching over his canines. John pulled off his parka and
“Four,” Moriarty corrected, looking down at the street outside the window.
~~//~~
happened, John?’. So John had never had to answer. He’d never met anyone else in the world like that, and didn’t expect to.
books…or the kettle," John admitted, wondering when his idea of 'gone well' had become so dramatically skewed. "No bullets," he summarized and Sherlock
“Ah! Molly! Coffee, thank you,” Moriarty greeted happily. John listened to the click of hard heels pass behind him. “What happened to the lipstick?” John concentrated on not turning around, as Ella had insisted. He had to learn to trust again, she'd ordered. Small steps, small safe challenges.
energy.
that. Sherlock scoffed at him, like John should have guessed all that on his own.
"I suggested it, only. I admit, I expected Jim would not be so careless as to let you go before the end. Just think of the poetry, a madman in love with
and I'm frequently a wreck by his judgment; finds me attractive and relates to my sense of humor. I know the last two are true, the rest are all equally
tupperware sat clean beside a banker's box of papers on the desk, apparently the only items in the room that weren't bolted down by the landlord to keep
Ironically enough, 'Sherlock Holmes'
John had to pause it. He put a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, pushed him back slightly.
wrong way, blood flowing over Molly's table. He flipped through the next ones, photos of a tag punctured through a toe, postmortem bruising and catalogued
John stayed silent for a moment, absorbing that.
“Have you talked to the police?” John asked, unsure if he hoped for it or not. He liked to hope Scotland Yard was not overly trusting of this man but at least if the police knew about the suitcase already then John couldn't be blamed for hiding it from them.
“So what's this about? The case?”
The bruises on his nose and the fracture there had been caused after – they were blue and purple but still swollen beneath the blow. He didn't have lesions
~~//~~
"It was for a case," he confirmed, as if that would suddenly convince him to stay. John nodded slowly, as if he cared, so that Mycroft would finally leave.
"I didn't ask," Sherlock replied, adjusting the slide again. Actually putting it into focus this time, John recognized, knowing Sherlock was slowly
"We'll need a bucket," Sherlock announced loudly and got up from behind him. "Bucket shower," he muttered on his way out of the bathroom.
confused, and watched the man stick his head up through the hole he'd created weeks before. John was not planning to fix it now – he'd not brought any of
"Yoohoo,” Mrs. Hudson called, not bothering to knock as she made her way into the room, a tray of tea and what looked like crumpets in her arms. John
“Sherlock Holmes?” John guessed, wandering closer. It was a good time to meet her, really, away from Moriarty's watching eyes. She confirmed that James wasn't likely to come back.
-read -lips. I -learn -talk with you -why? -I -want -friend -talk with me -easy. -Fuck -your -work. -You -care -about -me -because -I -useful? -That -mean
"Table – also desk, but make the ASL 'd' hand," Sherlock instructed, ignoring the woman utterly as she lay down their drinks and left again.
either. Still, she broke the normal social conventions on a regular basis, it couldn't be discounted that she'd be doing the same now.
heart monitors and John’s face bare before him. John closed his eyes, not wanting to face it.
"The fact that you know it's going to happen isn't going to stop it," he pointed out. Magnussen put his empty drink down, still looking smug.
Sherlock pulled his hands through his hair. There was a time limit, based in how long John's faith in him would hold out against all evidence, and he had
Decision made, John tugged his sling tight with his teeth and sat up with a groan. Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson were having a whispered argument in the
to kill you, Johnny, I'm going to burn you. Did you see that coming? I kept repeating it, hoping one of you would understand. I'm going to burn you – to be
John headed for the door, humiliated.
~~//~~
rude. John tipped him better for it and scanned the appointment list to see who was still in the crowd.
laid its head back on its paws and closed its eyes again. "Why are you here?" he demanded.
~~//~~
still hidden in the lime green cabinets, but every trace of lab equipment was gone, which left John wondering where Sherlock had scraped up a teaching
himself exhale.
she thought, a twinge of guilt pressing through her again. The man had a wife. She'd have to find a different colleague to fuck.
Apparently he wasn't going home anytime soon. Sherlock straightened, his laptop in one hand, and shoved the couch back into place with his knee.
-everything -else. -You -need -me. -We -good -partner. -But -only -if -you -talk with me."
John practically collapsed against the brick outer wall of 221B while Sherlock unlocked it, trying not to think of the last time he'd really slept, after
close-up photos of him naked and covered in his own blood and urine. Sherlock slipped inside and sat down against the door. He closed his eyes as if
Which Sherlock promptly ruined by having a conniption. The man threw himself upright and John moved, snapping his hips up and out of the way before the man
defending anyone. “Find you, that is,” he added.
"Woah, there!" he heard Greg call out and he slammed back into someone's chest. His burns flared beneath the drugs keeping him groggy, keeping him slow -
John closed his eyes, disgusted.
sergeant led them down a wing of soldiers quarters and into a shared loo. There was a body on the floor, lying half out of a shower stall in a watered down
Might've worked if we'd listened to it," she explained. John sighed and pushed his weight into his shoulder again. His arm buckled immediately. John hissed
Oh, but he believed that. The thought made his chest ache, stirred feelings he hadn't been sure he'd had anymore. He remembered Sherlock Holmes, leaping
"-Apple -ripe -not," John put together. Sherlock beamed again.
intolerably bored. "And books, perhaps," Sherlock added cautiously.
fantasy always fell apart too quickly. Indeed, John's body was relaxed and unaffected as ever as it slid beneath the heavy furs and brushed against him.
Lestrade didn't know how to do the timing right. He took every opportunity he had to talk to Molly in person, pick up files and drop off forensic evidence, but he could be as friendly as he wanted; there was something about dropping off a desiccated disembodied foot for the morgue to identify that didn't set the mood for a dinner date. Apparently he was getting to test that one in person now.
He left, deciding
the P vs. NP problem could do to cryptography, to all its applications; Moriarty wasn't exaggerating. Modern security systems would be rendered trivial for
Sherlock stared at him, looking lost. John felt something unclench in his stomach, and nodded at Sherlock to enter the room. Sherlock waited for a moment
"That'd be where the blood came from," Anderson said quietly. Lestrade glanced at Sherlock but the man was still frozen, just staring.
"Watson tell you that a lot, then?" she asked quietly. Sherlock turned his head to scowl at her, trying to find some weakness to attack.
holding his hands behind his back, his expression taut as it always was when he felt guilty.
"The freak _ relationships. We all know _. _ involved with a psycho. Where will you be when _ _ over that body one day?"
he typed out instead. John was on his second set of exercises, already building up a sweat from the pain. There wasn't much time.
"No," Sherlock stated, as if that should be obvious. Which, given, it was. "But you've repeatedly refused to return to London."
proven over the last month that he wanted to know everything about him,
"-I -want -shower -today," John answered. Sherlock sighed.
“He’ll know,” Sherlock replied, apparently deciding not to inform her that John was awake. John had no illusions that the genius had known the moment he'd
This was Sherlock Holmes, flesh and blood before
the system. John checked his cards. He showed Sherlock the candlestick and Sherlock took another gulp of wine.
“How did you know Mike asked probing questions?” John muttered, shattering the illusion that Sherlock knew nothing of the tension between them. He heard
~~//~~
"John I abhor ambiguity. You are both attracted to me and emotionally attached to my presence and yet you have not acted on any such impulse. Why?"
John rubbed his hands down his legs, wanting to collapse into his chair but the chair wasn't there. He settled for Sherlock's chair by the desk. Sherlock
"Write it down," he ordered and John obeyed, showing him the note and wondering why lipreading seemed so difficult for the brilliant man.
James had a problem with an Armenian Sikh. Or more accurately, an Armenian Sikh had a problem with him. Five years before James had followed an international investigation into Jharkhand, knowing that where one sex trade ring was taken down another would rise to take its place - and with that disturbance came waves, confusion, changes of routine, mistakes. And where James could find a group of perverted men making mistakes, he could start a blackmail franchise.
"Did they catch her? The midwife?" he asked, happily letting himself be drawn into the story.
, John thought, turning his head to look out the window at the tall buildings beyond the hospital room. There was very little he cared to do about that.
"I am at home. This is the kitchen," Sherlock replied, to point out that this time Magnussen came to
Part II
Escaped and killed his tormentor, apparently.
example?" Sally rushed to say, to fix it. Sherlock drew himself up, arching his head proudly, back to being the smartest, least approachable person in the
down the drain and John pushed himself up on his arms, noting how they were shaking again. This bit of idiocy was going to hurt when the drugs wore off. He
something actually useful and get. me. my. release. form," Sherlock snarled, before leaning back and closing his eyes, apparently deciding he was, at last
could delete the image immediately. He’d forgotten John in the rush of it all. Remembered he’d had something precious to protect but forgotten
The woman glanced out the door John had left through. So, she'd seen the exchange.
Mike pulled the blowtorch's trigger, letting out a burst of blue flame. He nodded and cut the flame off, working a nail out of his pocket.
Sherlock walked into the living room, his pale eyes locked on John's. Truly trying to recruit him with this, John thought, sighing. And he knew he wanted
Sherlock had had some goal, up on the top of that building. Had it gone horribly wrong or had this been exactly the idea? Moriarty had shot himself,
Sherlock grinned.
Philip's shower stopped. Sally tried to sink into the bed and groaned to herself. God, but she was tired.
He wanted...something from the man, something more.
"You're doing fine," she replied meaninglessly and John felt his teeth clench and released them purposefully. More than anything, he decided, he didn’t
his thoughts, perhaps. "You raised that dog yourself, bought the others," Sherlock declared.
he heaved onto his shoulder and brought outside to bury with the rest of his winter cache. The bones were thick with flesh and fat. It was a good kill and
as a taxi pulled up to the kerb. Sherlock stepped back to let John in first, by all appearances knowing exactly where he was.
John blinked and rubbed at his chest. Other than a few quickly stifled incidents, Sherlock had displayed few of his regular dramatic spells. John would
“Four letters, first letter ‘m’, for ‘flat-topped elevation’?” John ordered, filling it in. Sherlock growled and flopped down onto his back.
His arm was mostly healed, now. His flight left in six hours.
If Sherlock was having him on, he would murder the man. He would cut him into pieces and fish with him as bait in the Thames.
The footsteps stopped at his back and John prayed the man wouldn't kick him awake, wouldn't deviate from his routine.
"So, I'm afraid Sherlock never fills me in with the details. How long have you two been together?" she asked finally, setting the water on for tea.
~~//~~
the Inspector.
He could barely remember life in Baker Street. The constant noise of buses, ambulances, and shouting drunks outside those tall windows. Mrs. Hudson, always
was attracted to this man. Sherlock's eyes furrowed. "You're attracted to me now. You've never been attracted to me before. What changed?" he demanded,
"This isn't agreeing with me. I'm going in." Mycroft turned to head back to the house. Sharing his own weakness, now? Attempting to reward him. It worked.
"-One hundred -percent?" Sherlock doubted it. John looked steadily back at him.
obvious too.
“I’m sorting north African herbivores by how easily they stack. So far, the Addax is least-stackable,” he said and John winced.
between them. They stayed silent, glancing over their menus until John put his aside, wondering why this was rapidly turning into a very bad date. He felt
He heard her throw herself into one of the side chairs.
glaring at John to tell him to eat faster was quite a bit more pleasant than the silence that'd come before it.
throwing his arms out to gesture at the room around them.
living nightmare. The light strained against his eyelids.
John forced himself to actually read the classifieds, thinking it would probably be best for Sherlock to have another case to get him through the social
John approached anyway. He'd throw out this batch. Hopefully somewhere deep down Sherlock would see that meant he cared. To his shock, the doorhandle
just to hear Sherlock’s deep voice again. Just the sound of it made him happier, made him feel like a whole world of adventure was opening up for him. He
trees, and wind here.
John thought, disgusted.
from him. John pulled his arm gently from its belly strap and picked up his fork.
“Well, she's one of the suicides. The fourth?” John asked, making it sound like he was asking for confirmation, looking only at James for it now. And of course, here came Lestrade's inevitable power play.
John froze. Mycroft was definitely not being the first to hear him say that one. John pulled the door open.
“How long?” John asked, swallowing. Greg frowned, looking concerned.
opened it up, not quite sure what to think. He'd just hope Sherlock healed within the next few weeks and the BSL would be rendered useless.
"-S-H-E-R-L-O-C-K," John spelled out, because he would have said it and he needed time. Sherlock read his fingers and shot him a derisive glance, looking
John grabbed onto the leg as it kicked him again and punched up into its owner's bullocks with all his force, raising himself onto his knees as he moved.
John rushed putting his shoes back on and walked out. There was a dull quiet hanging over the street around the block of flats. 9:23 PM – too early for the
threatened by him.
"Just checking," he grumbled and John pulled his hand away to pinch the bridge of his nose. This was going to be an interesting life.
It was a strange rule of A.A meetings that one could ask about the worst, most debilitating time of another person's life and talk about the destruction of
John mocked himself, as apparently the genius wasn't bothering.
“From the case? How could I?” Stupid was definitely the way to go. If it all went to court he could say he'd been duped by the madman – like everyone had.
front of him in his favorite dramatic gesture. No doubt he'd had pictures taken of this, in case he ever needed them for a political campaign as the doting
Surely Sherlock knew that. Without proof, the newspaperman would be slammed for libel. He'd have been imprisoned years ago. No judge would believe his
Lestrade seemed to know it too, for he sat down at the desk with a quiet sigh, Donovan beside him, and stared at the photograph on the wall without
that he would startle the man. Well, shite. He walked back a bit and stamped the
his skin. A rope burn, cut deep into his hand. They'd had to pick out the fibers, John was sure, glad he'd been unconscious. Sherlock watched him, looking
opened the door for them and Sally climbed inside, leaving Sherlock to the back of the car.
After a certain point, training didn't matter. It just wasn't that hard to kill someone, even up close. A safe capture was harder but he didn't have any
Sherlock growled at the fireplace, letting his hands dig into chair beneath him. He hated this. How was he supposed to understand anything if he was
Bit/fit/git/hit/mitt/pit/quit/sit/tit/wit/zit bike/dike/hike/like/Mike/mic/pike/Reich by/bye/die/dye/fie/guy/hi/high/lie/lye/my/pie/rye/ sigh/tie/vie/why
She'd given their names. She knew them. Not a great idea to kill in front of her. John grabbed the support beam, almost falling. Too drunk for this.
“Did you feel you could escape without killing your tormentor?” Lestrade asked.
"-Apple, -buy -landlord," Sherlock replied.
at least on the right topic, even if he had misheard.
concern. "What are the letters for then?" he asked instead and Sherlock glanced at him, looking pleased with the question.
John woke to a whispered argument.
looking concerned.
"I know, it's uncouth to mention it that way, but here's what we've discovered since then," Lestrade started.
surpassed him?
"I have to think about my patients. I have to let you go, John," she said and John forced his breath to stay slow. "It's not about the panic attacks, it's
yet? He had his pride.
John had let himself stay out of the loop for far, far too
“You told her?” That was Sherlock; he’d recognize that voice anywhere.
to grab his coat and scarf, thoroughly confusing him.
It helped her feel slightly better about having accused him. She'd had all the evidence on her side and the man could be genuinely creepy. He didn't even
without him.
John thought, glancing at the full tub. Sherlock stretched his legs out under the sink, apparently concluding they'd be there for awhile.
Lestrade, even, in case it ever became actually important what the man had to say – not terribly likely but the best case scenario meant his work continued
up quickly, giving Sherlock space to get out.
John remembered, struggling to swallow.
“No, thank you,” Sherlock replied. Greg must have left, John deduced from the silence.
be grateful Sherlock was miserable, as asked.
every damn combination his last sentence could be mangled into and shook his head.
can, no one at all," she said. John nodded slowly, propping a hand against his sore back.
“Who cares about decent? The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!”
"Don't waste water," he replied, unsure what else to say. Sherlock coughed out into his bloody rag. It sounded like he was laughing.
How was it that John had so thoroughly seen the worst of him? Just when he’d begun to want John to think the best of him. His phone vibrated against his
"Why?" he asked. His voice came out steady. John pulled gently against the plastic holding his hands. Even by cutting himself he wasn't going to pull his
spend the evening in the cold solitude of his bedsit and he did not want to have to manufacture an excuse to get back here, to see the next development.
"No mysteries in it today, I'm afraid," Mrs. Hudson commented, handing him a newspaper and starting back toward the stairs.
"-After -that -lovely -conversation; -case, -any -more -ideas?" John asked, knowing the answer, just to be saying
thought, and giggled.
Moriarty had set up. Ironic, really, the man had given him an even better puzzle just by the connection.
Lestrade lit a cigarette and Sherlock started walking forward, his smirk evident even in the dark room.
to lie to inform
"-Enough -what?" Sherlock asked and John shook his head.
swallowed. It was an effective apology. No doubt Sherlock had prepared this, looked up all the advice he could find on the subject. But John didn’t feel
"-You -go -R-A-M-C -again -maybe?" Sherlock asked. John took a bite and chewed, thinking about it.
"Two days," he commented, staring at Sherlock. Sherlock blinked, his eyes unfocusing slightly as he processed.
"Do you really believe that?" the man asked, peering at him.
figured it out.
one without needing to leave the flat. Feeling rather desperate for Sherlock to find one, John hid in the kitchen and started microwaving his very
~~//~~
"Not you, not you, not you," Sherlock was muttering, closing down windows on each of the computers without any seeming order. He was in a bunch of
Right. Tied up, then.
he told himself, trying to stay above the panic, trying to stay silent and sane.
Sherlock tossed his laptop onto the desk in the living room like it was entirely replaceable. Mycroft bought it, John remembered; of course Sherlock didn't
was just taking it that easily.
Yell, what? That Sherlock was exactly as miserable as he'd hoped, but wasn't reacting to it the way he'd expected? That was spectacularly unfair.
and turned around. Sherlock was pouring the boiling stove water into the mug without spilling a drop. Sherlock glanced at him and handed him the full mug
screaming. Sherlock ignored him.
John was just pulling on his jacket when he remembered.
John thought, deciding not to call her back and shoving the mobile back in his pocket. There wasn't much more to say than that, anyway. Sherlock crossed
"-That -word -mean -H-A-R-D," John argued, confused.
then. Sherlock reached forward, grabbing his hands to reshape his hand into the 'saw'. John blinked and retried the sign, unsure quite what
"Right, are we done?" John demanded, turning to go.
his mind tugged at him.
country. Maybe the world. And no doubt Magnussen had the exits sealed and their attempt to outflank him would destroy them. Now, they didn't need to try.
"Do you ever wonder why the hell we drink?" John complained, heading back from the kitchen. "Because I'll tell you, this is not bloody worth it," he
something.
bring them to Amir Bachir, where the Mohammad Al–Amin Mosque was situated – by all evidence John wanted nothing but his anger now. He wouldn't even
and they had won. John
, and that wasn't right at all.
That was it, wasn’t it? And that was enough.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not bothering to hide it. Why didn't people just
Sherlock typed, to only four of them. He looked puzzled by their answers and leaned down to type again.
“He’s brilliant,” John rushed to say, when he felt the heat approach his wounds again. “Was brilliant,” he corrected, and the nail touched him. John sobbed
disappointment? Would the man have left to find a better target? That was painful to think about and too late to change. Sherlock pushed the thought away,
"You've followed that madman into warzones. You've killed for him. You've mourned him. Now, what? You walk away? Look, I've been divorced. Don't walk away
he'd asked and nodded firmly.
"Come on," John asked, getting back to the game and Sherlock shook his head.
living here with Sherlock Holmes? If he could have it again, the friendship, the cases, the kitchen laboratory, shouldn’t he want to grab it? He didn’t. He
Sherlock's hands twisted slightly, spinning around and flicking out quickly. If it'd been done at his chest, it would have meant 'awful' or 'hate'.
them and wanted to punch himself.
He'd get to the bottom of it, Sherlock knew. For now, he'd continue the project.
his gaze.
was doing before Lestrade brought him his clothes. Spent all day at work. His boss, Susan? Sarah? Whatever her name, said she put him on file work, and
just ordinary spectacles."
confused by the chain of command. He'd been arresting John moments before. "Do it!" John shouted. The shouting worked too well for both sergeants ran to
Sherlock met his gaze, looking vaguely annoyed by the scrutiny.
sickness and anxiety. Not surprising. No doubt Sherlock saw it in him. Frustrated, he ate.
"Dinner?" he asked and John nodded. It'd be a relief to just get off his feet. "Chinese or Italian, there's both close by," Sherlock added.
“You have a practiced inability to think beyond yourself for longer than ten minutes at a time. How long did it take upon discovering Clara’s cancer for
"I'm not actually into torture, by the way. And I don't do anything for free. I'm not going to hurt you just 'cause I'm bored," he said around his food,
"Because you hide behind calling yourself a sociopath," she answered, smiling slightly as she leaned back in the booth chair. There was mustard there;
John highly doubted Sherlock was staying through the winter. From Iqniq's quick retreat, he gathered the man doubted it as well. Which meant John was about
pocket all the Octopus Cards, of course. At least she was efficient in
"Back on topic, would you be hurt?" he pressed.
"You should eat," John commented, feeling like he was sliding back into old habits before the words fully left his lips.
and grabbed his gun, starting back down the car ramp.
frustrated.
the snow. He pulled the door closed behind him, his face blank. Sherlock rushed to follow, stuffing himself in his insufficient coat and gloves.
John laughed too loudly and cleared his throat. Sherlock handed the brandy back and sat back on the couch, apparently deciding to wait until it kicked in.
at least he'd been understood. And he hadn't had to open his mouth while lying beneath a dumpster that had once held a rotting corpse so really he was
"Touch me when you want to," Sherlock added. John swallowed. He wanted that.
“Why?”
"And from that massively disturbing hair quote, I take it he wants you?" she asked, straightening. Sherlock swallowed. He could remember moments, before he
Her feelings would heal. John turned away, not wanting Sherlock to read him like he always did.
“Oh, don't pretend you worked that out. Somebody told you that,” Anderson scoffed.
"Anytime," Sherlock replied easily, still focused on his laptop screen. John sipped at his tea, considering that.
"Well, to be fair, all I heard was 'lets poison Mycroft'," John joked. They would have to trust Mycroft in this; he knew that. Trust Mycroft with their
"No, it's just -" she started but stopped. Sherlock waited but she did not seem inclined to tell him what it was 'just'.
wasn't just about John Watson. It wasn't for her, either, she figured, wanting to collapse to the ground at the thought that they'd arrived only to pick up
This wasn't going to work. The chain was tied around the man's neck like a single knot; it'd never get tight enough and he didn't have time.
there was something in the art sections that he’d missed.
John walked out, grateful as hell he remembered the way out on his own.
"Yes. Something he thinks he's being clever about," Sherlock replied, spinning a knife between his fingers.
his teeth, letting it pinch and cut into his wrists. He wouldn't last many more days before he lost the strength to get away.
Sherlock told himself, swallowing grimly.
"Not a discussion," he said.
John's thumb hovered over the 'send' button. If he was not very much mistaken, which he doubted, his new flatmate had just produced a dead woman's luggage from the middle of their kitchen. Somehow he hadn't thought the 'consulting criminal's' crimes would be so blatant. He'd thought he'd be sneaking into the man's financial paperwork, not staring at damning evidence before he even had a key to the flat.
to cover his eyes – probable. That was the only other thing he'd seen John do with a book. The pillow dent attested to it too – John had fallen asleep on
energy was draining through his body and out of his feet, but he took a step. And a second one.
He dragged himself to his bathroom to piss and wash his face, ignoring how his body ached. He wanted his brain to work again. John had touched him the
that had been made obvious by an expensive cellular phone ten seconds into their acquaintance and he had lived with John Watson. Anyone would have known.
"Sorry, what?" he asked.
unbuttoned. He had dressed carefully and he'd achieved his purpose. John was already hardening, watching the man crouch on the floor to pull the new loaf
smiling to himself.
knew everything, he was Mycroft that way. But Moriarty had to think he was stupid enough to think he could hide it.
man with a thick mustache and a permanent scowl. John shot him when he rounded the corner, heading toward his car. Moran jerked and moved to grab his gun,
Sherlock was not dying of
Though he couldn't quite say what he
John stared at the woman across from him, trying to decide how to answer what he’d been up to lately.
John nodded gratefully. He was damn lucky, of the apparent myriad of sadists in the world, Moriarty had chosen –
Unfortunately for Davit, he was in one of James’ three intolerable markets:
"What's wrong with the tea?" he asked. John wrote it down on the pad beside him quickly and flashed it at the man.
"Isn't it great to be working with a celebrity?" Lestrade snarked, moving toward the door.
John focused on his breathing, keeping himself from hyperventilating. He watched as Molly set Sherlock’s arm. They weren’t going to the E.R. No, Sherlock
them into a powder. Seen how quickly he could follow John down.
quiet growl, not moving from his place between John's feet and the stove. Sherlock glanced down and smirked, surprised to see the temperamental dog glaring
settled into the kitchen chair with a pained groan and rubbed his knee – sore, not frostbite, or he'd angle it closer to the fire. Sherlock held out his
"Yeah," John replied, trying to wrap his mind around the image of a woman in Sherlock's kitchen, making coffee with all the ease of a girlfriend and
"Wait, Sherlock," Lestrade ordered, grabbing Sherlock's arm before he passed. Sherlock stilled and even from behind John knew he was scowling. "What
to keep his mind off
or very ineffective self defense.
Mycroft's deductions then. Christ. What a family.
Molly held her breath, peering down the street, thinking for once she'd caught the man. She breathed in relief as John Watson walked under a streetlamp,
"-Why? -He -should -keep -these," Sherlock replied, his fingers contorting around the small box.
headed to her desk to pull up a plan of the city and a list of the condemned buildings. This was going to take a long damn time.
before him.
And there children involved. Very young children involved. James stared at his Tor Message.
"He adjusted his glasses, when he said that. I was thinking, perhaps they're something like Google Glass? A projection," John offered, trying to ignore
What the hell was he doing here?
"John! John! Wake up!" Sherlock protested, holding his neck and shaking him softly. Avoiding his shoulder, even plastered drunk. John opened his eyes and
where they were," John swore, banging up the stairs though intellectually he knew Sherlock could not hear
Sherlock wasn't sure that was enough to merit staying. His brain had ground to a halt, accustomed to the unceasing boredom now. Headaches came and went,
infinitesimal degree, and that was worth an empty hunt. Perfect, probably. And John was making tea and not even glancing at the door.
"It's not you, Sherlock," he started, pushing himself up from the bed through he didn't know where to go. He'd only just woken up, he didn't need to sleep
"Neither are you," he reflected and Sherlock tilted his head, acknowledging that. "You never have done," John added, trying to get himself to finally ask
twist of fate and he couldn't take this blow again. He couldn't
"Well, my boy, so I can tell the missus I asked, tell me about yourself," Mr. Holmes ordered. John chuckled obediently, unsure what the man wanted him to
John thought, glancing at the door, wanting desperately to turn around.
Discomfort, discontent.
Still, a whimper escaped him when he heard the blowtorch heating up the nail once more, and his back arched away from it, his toes barely scraping the
a fool but still, he liked it.
at his head. Fabric, slightly rough, slightly wet beneath the pinna, pressure almost equally applied around his outer neck, over his ear, to the opposite
"Here we are. There is a wound to the abdomen, incredibly fine," John announced.
in the so-called 'culture' you so desperately want to be part of but haven't the correct disability to achieve. It's a shame the auditory nerve doesn't
he/she/Lee can't see you," she added. Certainly referring to John, then.
"Is he very injured?" she asked.
and hospitalized so recently?
~~/~~
"No sheets," he grumbled and threw an arm over his face to block his eyes. Right. Mrs. Hudson must have packed up John's stuff, once she'd finished happily
unease balancing while he pulled up the snow claw, keeping his hand on the driving bar as John had always done.
"-Why not?" Sherlock asked, though from his smirk John knew he already understood why that was not even close to okay.
clearly seeing the same future.
feel him firm, his skull whole and unaltered.
“Well?” James probed.
John walked past Sherlock to lean against the window frame, looking down on the crowd loading onto the bus below. John Hamish Watson. A good man. He'd
thought of that, and John had a moment staring at his laptop, wondering if his best friend had been a
all. He rinsed himself with the ringed rag until there was a small puddle around his naked legs and started scrubbing the rest of himself until the small
too. Just as he could see Mycroft agreeing to do so, and holding out when he suspected Sherlock hadn't truly died. Whenever it was that he'd suspected
want to get involved in that again?
because it always frigging slipped.
this?" Sherlock snarled finally, sounding disgusted by the very idea. John put down the paper.
him. The chain synched down around Mike's throat and the man slammed himself backward. John's head cracked against the cement but he held on, glad he
focus on the smell of the dust and the congealed food beside him, but he couldn't smell it. He couldn't see the door from where he sat.
"-A-M-E-R-I-C-A-N," John replied, his fingers twisting slowly into the letters. Sherlock just stared at him, apparently still waiting and John reached for
about. Greg was snoring in a chair beside her, his head tipped back against the wall. Sherlock was peering out the window, apparently distracted by
Mike left and John spent his time chewing through more of his plastic bindings. He stopped after very little time, knowing he was not prepared to make an
"Am I acceptable to you as an intermediary?" Sherlock demanded, sounding annoyed. Magnussen looked back at him finally.
John thought, thrilled to see it directed at him.
"Sir-" he started.
Lee? You can fear tea? Unless he'd gotten the word separations wrong, still perfectly possible. He had to ignore that possibility; it opened too many
was so blind that he'd never notice the problem with that. John was just a platonic friend, after all. John wanted to punch something. He turned to leave
John thought, nodding.
"-That -why -you -go -R-A-M-C," Sherlock said, looking almost smug. John wanted to smack the man.
Sherlock swung his legs up and around to sit up on the couch, focusing fully on him now for the first time in weeks.
"About a year," John replied, remembering the smell of chlorine, his arm around a man's throat.
Sherlock jerked his head around to stare at him, visibly startled. John smirked, warm with pride. He'd forgotten what it felt like to have the arrogant
"If you'd never lied-" John started before Sherlock had fully ended his sentence.
down, keeping his back far away from it. He glanced over the room, desperately trying to find something helpful in it while he listened for Mike's
leave despite all his fury. A fury that was settling, now. Losing its edge.
innocent so let us work with him. We have to get to work here. Quickly. I want a scouting between Watson's workplace and his home, Bart's hospital, 221B
"Five cats?" John mumbled to himself, not quite believing it.
"Just trying to figure something out," she replied, wondering if John knew Sherlock was going around revealing that the doctor found him attractive. Given,
"It felt like home," he said, finally unlatching the door and stepping out. That was surely response enough. The door clicked shut behind him and the
They were dealing with a man that faked his own death for christsake. And Sally was right; Sherlock had never gone through
river ice and filled his clean buckets before emptying his slop. He never asked for Sherlock's help and ignored his offers. He ignored everything Sherlock
"Sherlock, I have only barely started-" John started but from Sherlock's expression he'd already lost him.
"Get up. I'm gonna put you two in a taxi. Managed to square thing with the uniforms on duty out here."
"How the devil could I have missed it?" he asked.
stripped from him? He looked down at his hands, thinking he'd quietly become a worse person without anyone noticing, when Lestrade had hoped so much that
John swallowed, guessing that in the absence of a case Sherlock was finding a different deduction to show off. John didn't know how to express how this
“I wasn’t your partner, not anymore, not by then,” he replied, itching to walk out of the room. Usually he’d slam a door between them, content himself with
plan for his fake death off the rooftop but they weren’t talking about that, they were talking about the life and crimes of Sherlock Holmes.
"I can't-" John started but trailed off. He didn't know what he couldn't do. He couldn't lose Sherlock again, and he couldn't be disregarded and deceived
John moved to his periphery and started signing. Sherlock nodded slightly when he finished and John turned to face the music. Lestrade and Donovan were
morning, but they'd have months to get past that. And if Sherlock stayed after the river ice broke apart and the water flowed freely downstream, when
"Material," Sherlock said and showed the sign. John copied it. "Glass. Metal. Stone -often used to say 'cement'. Rock. Brick. Street – also path or way.
"Oh!” she exclaimed, like she'd just realized something.
find him.
somewhat sickened expression that always drove him spare. "-Year -past -you -need -flat -friend -why?" he asked. Sherlock's face cleared in understanding –
“And where have you been?” Mrs. Hudson asked, scowling at John's sodden skin shoes as she drew him into a hug. “Those are not coming into my flats, you know,” she stated, wagging a finger at him. John couldn't care less. “And -who?” she asked, blinking down at the dog, apparently just noticing the huge animal by John's side. John laid a hand over Gladstone's soft head, wondering what he'd do if Mrs. Hudson rejected the animal. Live elsewhere in London? That felt impossible.
“Bit of trouble too, I bet,” Moriarty probed. Was that was he called warfare? 'A bit of trouble'?
the bread. Sherlock glanced back at him, his pupils blown wide and his smile easy.
Chapter Four
Sherlock spent a moment considering shooting the next visitor, just to see what John would do.
“No, no,” he answered, trying to remember he was replying to a question. Mike hummed to himself.
remember the moment he’d stood at the base of the hospital, recovering from a slight concussion, seeing Sherlock’s body crumpled on the concrete.
prints in the snow. It didn't look all that dangerous, despite its size. It had a thick brown coat of fur that waved in the slight breeze, making its true
"Yes, precisely. This will require something more," he agreed, sitting down at his desk and tenting his fingers in front of his face. His thinking pose,
absence.
and Greg chuckled.
John told himself. He would be leaving regardless.
as he walked past the
John brought his wrists to his teeth and started to chew on the plastic by his pinkies, where it couldn't be seen. He bent the plastic back and forth with
“Sherlock, hello,” the landlord greeted warmly, talking more like a grandmother to a beloved grandson than a murderer to her co-conspirator. But then, John figured, he had no idea what the average murderer sounded like greeting anyone.
denied him. The major glanced down at his sling, no sympathy in his eyes. "You could be a used car salesman for all I know."
“Lying,” John replied, pushing himself back up to his feet and feeling his shoulder tug badly. Yet another one-liner he couldn’t walk out on. John pushed
Sherlock stopped eating, baffled by his last thought. That made no sense. He had all the information in the world; John's ASL had improved – ghastly though
"Wet it in the sink," John suggested, pulling himself into the bath and slowly sinking down to sit on his ass as the exhaustion caught up to him. The
watch him shit a brick for all he cared. As long as Magnussen was in jail and Mycroft controlled the contents of his vaults. John had no doubt that if
did to grab the .44 out of John's holster.
home.
that they were going through this exercise because his deductions would make Sherlock look inherently stupid. A fact made lightly more palatable by the way
“And yet you treated him like that?” Sally asked and Sherlock's eyes flickered. He looked... hurt, for a moment and Sally thought over her words, cursing.
~~/~~
age of eight. I thought university would be better but was swiftly proven wrong and rectified the situation, which you also know," Sherlock recited.
two, their little remaining energy visibly draining from them.
expression, he knew. John reached for a pad of paper left beside his hand on the bed – the nurses, then.
on the corners of his mouth -hadn't been gagged, then; he was somewhere he could scream. That almost guaranteed he was in the outskirts of the city or
his face before Lestrade turned the corner into the kitchen.
Sherlock batted him away. John turned his head to see that the tub faucet wasn't even dripping.
"So, out of curiosity, is Sherlock really dead then?" the man asked, moving the chain around to lock John to the wall again. "I looked you two up last night. Great stuff."
John stood up from the pelt suddenly, catching Sherlock's attention. He crossed the kitchen to the table and climbed up onto the chair. Sherlock frowned,
John cursed himself and gulped down the rest of his beer. Sherlock was alive, he just had to wait.
Sherlock stirred. John smiled at him softly, watching Sherlock blink sleepily into the bright night.
it's a rare opportunity so it's someone who doesn't get out much. Someone for whom a known location is an exception. Has to be a unique opportunity. And
unknown message, beginning not to care if it came from an enemy or a friend if only it’d be entertaining. Facing another hour of suppressing sneezing attic
"Tea?" he asked and Sherlock grunted in the way he knew meant 'yes'. He only then remembered that Janine had killed all the mugs but the strangely shaped
"No, I don't," she said. John snorted. She'd been insisting so for years and she'd hardly seemed inclined to change her mind, even after Sherlock's jump.
"What makes you think I'd be so careless?" Magnussen asked. He looked alert, maybe even nervous. The opposite of what they were shooting for. Perhaps he
him through the home and up a grand staircase to bring him to a set of double doors at the end of the upstairs hallway. She tapped on the heavy oak door
~~/~~
The officers left at nine o'clock, when Lestrade declared that after ten hours they weren't getting anything more off the ten seconds of audio. Sherlock
was looking very nervous. Genuinely, now.
“Well, we all know he’s not staying with you,” Harry snarked, turning in her seat to glare at Sherlock. John closed his eyes, exhausted. “You should’ve
John stared out at where Peter Ricolleti was getting escorted out of his front door, trying to figure out how, exactly, he was going to get into Sherlock's
"Your usual, then, Sally?" the waitress asked. 'Sally' smiled at the woman and nodded.
rarely found them more pitiable than irritating but John just
And hell, he'd believed the man would have just left her. God, Sherlock. What would he say to the man? What the
"-No. -I -not. -That -explain -why -expression -annoying."
if his ears healed. How had he never thought of this
dying and it
Sherlock could fake courtesy; he knew that people didn't just take each other's things or wake each other up with gunshots or put eyeballs
"-She -ask -why -you -don't know -what -she -say," John replied.
his clothing, working quickly to relieve himself before his extremities froze in the sharp air.
Okay, no, she still didn't understand how John could stand to live with the man, much less want to.
got a good moderation to it really," Sherlock added helpfully. John nodded and cracked open another beer of his own.
That Sherlock still did not understand.
He opened his mouth, only to hesitate. None of that rang true. Surely, they couldn't do it all again, running about at odd hours, solving crimes and
him. Wasn’t that enough for the man?
"If you're willing," John reminded him softly and Sherlock looked down at him, swallowing audibly. Sherlock cleared his throat, clearly uncomfortable, and
The dogs were barking and jerking on their lines again. John pulled out the long tow lines, his jaw clenching as he worked against the frozen rope.
“What?” John snapped, his eyes flying open. Sherlock pushed himself up from his chair.
"Mmm, boring. Find him, find your killer. My job here is done, so get. off. me," Sherlock ordered, hissing into Lestrade's face at the end. Greg released
Useless.
"Awhile," he answered, doing his best to approximate his old harmless closed-mouth smiles.
"Drugs?" John asked too loudly and winced at his own noise.
He knew it was morning from the light coming in from the window and the sounds of a nurse’s shift changing with its usual exchange of patient information
in front of the man, and he grabbed the computer and his tea and started for his room, ignoring how Sherlock stared after him, looking
, that’s your theory?” Sherlock sneered and the room settled into an awkward silence.
"Wouldn't that be premature? I do not know how this will affect me. At the moment it means I am not distracted by the normal hospital din and I cannot hear
"With the resources of the London police force, we should be able to narrow it down," Lestrade replied. Lying, clearly. They wouldn't get anywhere. Why
"Of course it's what we're doing," he said and threw down his pen to point to a little square on the blueprint.
Sherlock wanted him there and they just had so much damn fun together. John never wanted to give it up,
were any other problem in a case that needed to be rectified, if convenient. John nodded.
John knew he was ecstatic; they had her help.
a bucket, and the slop pail from the front of the house. Sherlock hesitated, unsure of his welcome, and John yanked the door open and pushed his way into
“Would it be better if I just waited -” John suggested, beginning to move away but James lifted the police tape with authority.
"Clearly. Go and have some more," Sherlock said, stalling for time. Mycroft smiled at him. Trusting him now, now that he was listening to John? That was
. That sounded like Grade A bullshit, but it was Grade A bullshit copyrighted under 'Sherlock Holmes'. Far more unsettling was the information he found in the next search results. Birthdate: January 6
many possibilities for what he was being asked and missed the obvious one. Not that he was being particularly clear this time, John figured. "Yesterday's
"Why?" Sherlock asked, before he could stop himself. Why was he interested? That was irrelevant, it only mattered if John liked learning sign language now,
Sherlock braced himself to hear the final words
"A Christmas present," Sherlock said to imply he was giving more than Magnussen had to give.
"Physically. He frowns, stares at the ceiling, clenches his fist -"
he was allowing the man to stop if he had a hold on him and he
"I'm mapping out -"
John didn't reply, knowing Sherlock did not need his confirmation. The genius could probably read the rest of the story in his clothing, in this house, in
~~//~~
his arms strong and lift his own weight, he could avoid a good bit of the pain and permanent joint damage. So far, it hadn't seemed like Mike knew that –
"I had fun tonight," John offered, taking off his shoes. Sherlock groaned again.
"-What -you -want -eat -dinner?" John asked instead before shoving his butter-filled pan in the sink to wash later.
John had managed to kill one of the men capturing him, despite being caught by surprise. Somehow he always underestimated John, who could make himself look
Neither of which were true in his case, that was fair, which apparently made them an outlying case enough that even Lestrade came down off his victory high
~~/~~
“So I'm basically filling in for your skull?” John sputtered. That was hardly flattering.
triggers of PTSD. John smirked, elbowing his way through the shouting crowd. Apparently Magnussen was missing a few facts. Crowds were hardly his problem.
"Client!" she called too loudly. Sherlock groaned in protest. John turned around to see whoever had come knocking. The room tilted unpleasantly. He was
She didn’t know what time it was when they finally finished. Light was starting to flicker through the office windows again. Sally stared at the completed
He wouldn't move in. But he wouldn't run away. And he could bloody well accept that he'd wanted Sherlock Holmes in his arms since he'd met the man and just
"I will not stand in 221B and make tea and watch you, waiting to be useful," John continued, his voice worn thin where it should have voiced anger.
"Don't. Stop," Sherlock growled and John beamed at him. Sherlock blinked – that was good? That usually wasn't good. But John moved back over him and
and English commands. His emotions shut down slowly, dragging themselves back under control. John turned away from the gravestone.
John shifted on his seat and Sherlock noticed. God, he wanted to scream with frustration. This was
he thought and pushed himself up from the couch. Right. Useless conclusion. What did the past matter? They were both alive; that was the outcome he'd
And if so, what did James Moriarty want him as – a sharpshooter or a doctor?
John thought, wanting to groan at his own idiocy. His brain
John sat down in the chair across form Ella, wondering what he was mourning this time. Nothing that he himself hadn't thrown away.
"I would offer you a drink but it's very rare and expensive," Magnussen commented, taking a sip for himself. John was starting to get tired of the
"What do you really want?"
caught when he saw the photograph of John hanging up like hooked meat again.
one up. Sherlock shook his head. He desperately needed a case; he was officially running himself in circles.
"Should I handle it then?" Mycroft asked.
~~//~~
away with the bloody thing and trust in his strength training. Sherlock clasped his hands on his lap in that oddly schoolboy way he had.
~~//~~
"Why'd he come back?" she asked finally.
over his officers.
assaulting him. That Sherlock had to see him here, living in a way even the Inupiat had
become one of Sherlock's projects again. Still, Sherlock's eyes were locked on his, intensity shining out of them and John liked it. He cursed himself for
body.
"-T-V; -every -hotel -bedroom -have -one. -Every -person -have -pressure -point. -Something -they -want -protect. -Push, -they fall away easily," Moriarty
"John?"
head and scrambled for it, ignoring how his body spasmed as he sat up.
He turned to Sherlock to see the man digging in the refrigerator. He grabbed the man's shoulder and hauled him out.
"Yes. Perhaps there was something in the punch," Mycroft answered. Sherlock hesitated, struck by the sentence. Mycroft had known of his plan to drug them?
he noted.
"-C-U-R-A-T-O-R," Sherlock replied. "-Don't -know -word."
Running in the snow was different in kind. Sherlock tried to match John's footsteps, where the man had already packed down the light snow into something
man's back the ugly purple of settled blood. Mycroft was searching for the killer, certainly, but he'd never find him. There was nothing to work with but a
Wasn't that all he'd wanted?
around her. John looked away, feeling sick, but a moment later he was watching her kiss at Sherlock's neck, unable to keep from staring while she showed
He knew this hospital, had done his rounds here once. Had spent his breaks lounging on that roof. He knew which hallways to run down, which ‘staff only:
"We need to learn BSL," Sherlock said without looking up from his phone, as John started on rewrapping his skull.
"That must have given you a useful skillset, for dating my son," the man said and John squinted at him, trying to determine if the man was being derisive
went silent, continuing on her map, and Sherlock grabbed a handful of pins to help. Donovan worked beside him, plugging in addresses and narrowing the
"They are boring, John. There are just an almost infinite number of boring, meaningless responses a person can give. I get more proof of that daily," he
at him but didn't comment as he got up and rushed for his coat. His kit would have to get put away later, John decided, sighing as he moved after the man,
there was only one reason you kept flour and baking powder in the kitchen, the deduction was obvious."
he'd lose John.
"Well, it's the creases, innit?" the druggie explained. John turned around to see him looking rather smug. Sherlock glanced between him and John, clearly
Sherlock's shout but she didn't look particularly surprised.
John told himself, but he could not hate this mysterious, cheerful man who treated torture like another day on the job.
with me, did not think you would give up your life for me. But clearly, you lost it all the same,” Sherlock confessed. John felt the information fluttering
only now getting it back, through old fashioned police work and the help of friends on the force.
work than seemed worth it.
John grumbled to himself, snatching the kit off of the kitchen table. Well, shite, this he didn't know how to say.
actually knew him or John at all. She came back from her desk, barely a second later and thrust a note at him.
place. Every time Sherlock spoke his voice was becoming higher pitched, more of a hiss, signs that the man was rapidly breaking down to being an absolute
tipped his head against the back of his chair. She still had water damage in the corner of the ceiling. "I meant, I was tortured, I answered sexual
~~/~~
London may not have had the same motivations at all. When, though, when would he have done that? When he was taking down man after woman in Moriarty’s
dearie," she cooed. John swallowed, not sure he was reassured.
"There's only one set of footsteps in the clip," he said, closing his eyes and resting his head against the back of his forehead as he thought. Donovan
“Very good,” John said honestly. Moriarty nodded comfortably. He didn't seem a man to mince words for false modesty.
the snow where Sherlock's duffel had landed and footsteps up to the house. John exhaled slowly, trying to gather himself, trying to process what he was
felt himself frown as he hailed a cab. Mycroft had to know there was no protection someone if anyone was determined to kill him – killing people was just
