Dean felt himself blush harder and smiled as Castiel laughed happily. He swallowed thickly, shifting his hips in the seat, holding his breath as Castiel’s hand slipped even further. “You keep that up,” Dean whispered, glancing over again, “we’re never going to get back to my place.”
Dean sat on the couch to root through the box he was working on. There were only a few left, and the place was already feeling like a real home. There were pictures of pretty landscapes on the walls, some weird knick-knacks on shelves, and a huge old quilt that Castiel had pulled out of a tiny box like a magician with endless scarves. It was resting across the back of the couch. This one looked like it was filled with pictures in frames, and Dean took them out one by one, placing them on the coffee table.
"Oops... did I forget to tell you I took your place? Don't worry though, I put your name on the list next to it. I think it was... literature or something? Nerd." Dean gave his best, nasty sneer, before dragging Benny as far away from his so called brother as he could.
Dean’s head was spinning, and it had nothing to do with long fingers brushing against the inseam of his denim. As he took the exit he cracked open the window and swallowed hard, the lump in his throat refusing to leave. This was a bad idea and Dean knew it. Sleeping with his boss’ boss was just screaming for trouble. Even if it was Cas’ suggestion in the first place. Never eat where you shit, right?
“Ohh, brother, always so dramatic. You’re just upset because your boyfriend isn’t answering you.”
“Are you going to give me the nickel tour?” Castiel asked as he crowded Dean’s space, backing him up against the wall. He ran his hands down Dean’s chest and gripped his hips. Dean groaned and let his head fall back, thumping against the wall as Castiel kissed his way up Dean’s throat. His hands wandered around to grip Dean’s ass and pull them together. “How about we start with the bedroom?”
“Oh, Castiel,” Amelia said and Dean watched her arm tighten around his back, “we missed you!”
Dean’s head dropped back and he shivered under Castiel’s touch. “You’re not so bad yourself,” he whispered back, tipping his head back up and letting his eyes roam unashamed down Castiel’s bare chest to his jeans, tight over his crotch. Dean reached forward, mapping out Castiel’s chest in the same manner Cas was doing to him.
“No,” Castiel whispered and shook his head, “it’s his smile as we all crammed into the living room, his laugh as Claire tore into everyone's gifts, and just the way he seemed to fill every room in the house, even if he wasn’t in it.”
Dean attempted to disguise just how much his body reacted to the way Castiel said his name, but judging from the way the doctor was smiling, he had been unsuccessful. Still, at least he hadn’t been a bumbling fool around the guy like he was yesterday; forgetting how to speak properly, and knocking into things. This was progress, right?
“It’s probably getting late, I should get going now,” said Castiel before standing up and begun to gather his stuff. Taking a look around him, he noticed that they were the only once left. “Wait, where is everyone?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sir, I’m gonna need you to calm down!”
This chapter was a pain to write!
“Um,” Dean cleared his throat softly, “how - how are we gonna explain this?”
They sat there for hours, just talking. They had invited Charlie to join them when she was on her breaks, but mostly they were left alone.
“Oh crap!” said Bobby before taking a deep breath and looking up at the ceiling, almost like he was praying for help. Looking back at Dean, he took another deep breath before saying, “I thought about telling you. I almost drove over to your house a few times, but if I had told you would you have gone to school? No! If I had told you right away, you would have agonized over going the whole night and probably made yourself sick doing it. Then you would start worrying about going the next day and the one after that. I know you, Dean. It’s better to just rip the bandage off quickly.”
“Great, I should be done with pastor Jim’s car by then.” When the clock turned three, Dean had finished fixing Pastor Jim’s car. In fact, he had finished that car before noon and finished everything he could on a mustang had found out back a while ago as well. It was one of the more promising cars Bobby had laying around and he was well on his way of puzzling her together again. Hopefully, he would get it up and running with pieces from the other cars scattered around the yard. That way Bobby could sell it and come out in plus from once. All he needed for the Mustang was to find a working battery that fitted, but he didn’t have the time to go out back to look for one so he went to get his baby instead. Last time when he had been looking for spare parts for the mustang he had found some parts he wanted to replace in the Impala laying around. If he was lucky he would have time to put them in place before his three o'clock showed up or after depending on how long it would take to fix it.
"I... wow," Sam replied, laying the frame carefully over his lap before holding out his hand. "I - yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. I... we -"
“Dean,” Cas tried, reaching forward and pulling Dean’s arm back. “I’m sure it’s going to taste delicious. We’re going to Sam’s house, not a five-star restaurant.”
Dean's hands shake as he slides the ring onto his finger. He twines his fingers with Cas'. "I love you."
“Who?” asked Castiel, slightly shocked having heard the woman who was always so calm and happy sound so angry.
“As much as I would like to exchange Sam for my brothers, his family is a little too much for me. Too bad though, Castiel Winchester had such a nice ring to it...”
“Well, I got this strange phone call yesterday. It was some boy who wanted to take this other boy he liked out on a date but thought his car wasn’t ‘good enough’. How he got that impression is beyond me.” Bobby paused and threw the rag over his shoulder, raising his eyebrow with a smug smirk. “Anything you want to tell me?”
“They live more than seven hours away and you have
Waking up in the arms of his boyfriend, Dean decided, was the best feeling ever.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t know, don’t care.”
“That’s totally like my dad,” Claire said with a nod. “He could make you bare your
Charlie smiled, ripping the box back from Dean’s hands and tossing it onto the bedside table. She flopped on her side, facing Dean and reached for his hands. “Because, there’s only one thing left for us to do! We have to go on a mission, of course.”
Sam seemed to have noticed that Dean hadn’t gotten up from Cas’ lap and rolled his eyes. “What, now that you’re together, do you plan on being this sickeningly sweet all the time?” he asked Dean.
Amelia crossed her arms over her chest, shaking her head though Dean could see she was hiding a smirk. “What if Dean has family of his own that he wants to spend Christmas with?”
“Hey! You can’t just barge in here!” calls Jo as she gets right up in Sam’s face. Knowing his friends as well as Dean did, he knew they were all itching to do the same but were holding back because of Castiel and Gabriel.
Dean pulled Castiel down for a fevered kiss, all teeth tongue and passion, both uncaring of the mess smearing between them. Castiel broke the kiss with a nip to Dean’s bottom lip.
Breathlessly, Dean broke off the kiss and smiled at Cas. “So, tell me more about your family.” He said, and they spent a long time, just sitting there and talking about their families, completely ignoring the movie, and randomly making out. Dean had always loved cuddling and kissing just for the fun of it and that romantic side of him was currently in heaven.
“Fine, maybe I do. Now the two of you shut up,” said Charlie looking at Dean and Jo before turning her attention to Castiel. “Tell me everything!”
The clock on the wall read 5:45 when Dean walked into his mom’s cafe-shop later that day, which made him half an hour late. Detention with John had been hell and had gone on and on; Dean was completely exhausted.
Next to Charlie, Cas’ eyes widened. He was just about to say something, but slowly shut his mouth again and looked away.
Castiel’s thigh muscles burned as he pushed himself up and dropped back down over and over on Dean’s cock. Castiel moved his hands from the bed and back to Dean’s shoulders, wanting to feel his sweaty flesh beneath his palms.
“Dean and Eileen had the same taste in music, loud and screaming, lots of bass and guitar. They were on their way to a concert, one of Dean’s few free weekends in his residency. I stayed home; I got enough of loud rock music in my own house, as Eileen liked the play it while she did anything around the house.
On the fourth lap Jo was at seven and Benny was at twenty-two. If this kept happening then Benny really should just save himself the trouble and give Dean an iPod with ‘Let it Go’ from Frozen playing on repeat. Come to think of it, Charlie could probably find a rock version or something for him. Not that Dean was ever going to suggest that.
Suddenly a loud bang followed by a loud argument was heard from outside the room.
“You say that every time,” Dean sighed, leaning his head back into her hand. “and yet every time they leave, I get to hear about the million things they did to piss you off. I doubt they’ve changed.” His relationship with his grandparents was...
Doctors Winchester and Novak are caught sharing a moment in an empty corridor by none other than the head of the department.
Sam looked offended as he said, “Of course!”
While Dean had set up the movie, Benny and Ash disappeared into the kitchen to put away some of the drinks they’d brought into the fridge. They returned with a drink for everyone and Ash squinted in the space before saying, "Hey! Why don't we have the usually set..."
He follows his uncle's instructions and sure enough, the
“So,” Dean cleared his throat, shuffling his feet in the pine shavings, “wife and kids around? Getting cocoa?”
“You going to show me those trees now?” Castiel asked as Dean started up the car. “I’m excited to see which ones you deemed good enough for me to choose from.”
- Supernatural -
The first thing Dean saw as the morning sun woke him up was a 5x8 printed photo, the edges slightly worn and the tape against the wall yellowed. In it, he couldn’t be more than seven years old. His clothes were dirty, jeans ripped around a big red bruise on his knee, and he had a missing front tooth, leaving a big hole in his smile. His smile, however, reached from ear to ear as he held up a gold medal towards the camera, a football under his other arm.
“Just don’t ever do it again,” Mary whispered into his hair, taking a moment to collect herself before turning towards Castiel. Both boys pointedly ignored the tears shining in her eyes. “Sorry about that, what can I get you and your idiot of a boyfriend?”
“Need help?” Dean asked, moving up to the side of the tree. Pine needles rained down on him as the man jumped, dropping the tree so it fell back against the wooden stand with a dull sounding
His question forgotten, Dean quickly promised to never dance on top of the tables again.
He and Castiel stayed at the restaurant till closing and then the two of them drove around town for rest of the evening. Dean showed Castiel all the best places in town and told him about some of the shenanigans he and his friends had been up to in some of the places. In return, Castiel showed Dean where he lived which was in a big, nice looking house. Neither of the boys commented on the fact that they could see the Winchester house from there.
“Hi, sorry for keeping you waiting-- Cas? What--what are you doing here?” Castiel had not been one of the persons Dean expected to see today, but there he was. Looking oddly adorable, wearing the same clothes he had been wearing yesterday, with his head tilted to the side with a thoughtful look on his face.
. Crap, he was falling for this kid... He was so screwed.
Comments and kudos appreciated! Tell us what you think ♥
Castiel rolled his eyes playfully, leaning back against the bench of the seat to finish the rest of his coffee. The waitress came back with the receipt and Castiel watched Dean sign his name quickly, leaving a healthy tip before shoving his wallet back into his pocket.
Dean snorted as Claire dragged the last word out. God, he knew that feeling. “Your dad sounds like my Uncle Bobby,” he said with a soft laugh. “No matter what, that old son of a --” Dean coughed and glanced at Cas, “he, uh, always got me to talk about the ooey gooey stuff.”
Dean turned instead of giving his brother an answer and walked towards the front door. They’d already refilled the empty spots with fresh pines, and Dean had pulled two aside that he thought would work well for Castiel’s family celebration. At the end of the parking lot, just beneath the streetlamp, Dean saw a man approaching.
Amelia chuckled and nodded her head, taking a few steps forward with her hand out to shake Dean’s. “It’s nice to meet you, Dean.”
“My,” Dean’s voice cracked and came out higher pitched than he would’ve liked. He cleared his throat and tried again, “Mine’s closer.”
Thankfully Charlie wasn’t all that wet so, when Dean went upstairs to try to find some dry clothes for himself, Charlie put her slightly wet jacket and shoes near the radiator in the hall. When she joined Dean upstairs, Dean was almost fully dressed and was in the middle of putting a t-shirt on. He had already found a towel for Charlie to use to dry her hair and she accepted it with a smile.
“You’re going to be the death of me,” Dean replied with a smirk, reaching for the bottle of lube and popping the top. Dean sat up and as he warmed the lube between his fingers, Castiel shifted, balancing himself with Dean’s shoulders.
“Sorry pretty boy, you’re not my type!”
Castiel nodded and gave her a big squeeze. “Well… would your dad have liked how you were just talking to your mom?”
“Sorry about that but, you’re Castiel, right? You must be! Dean said you were the best looking guy in school.”
Dean stared blankly at her, his brain still stuck on
“Hello, Dean.”
“Sure,” answered Luc, sharing a concerned look with the other two as he stepped away from the table.
“We’re at the hospital. Dean’s hurt but they say he’s gonna be fine,” Cas said in a rush. “We don’t know exactly what happened but Dean was attacked.”
Dean chuckled, waving an arm to the side. “Well, you definitely came to the right place for a ‘real’ tree. Does she have something against the fake ones?”
something happen tonight? Did Sam do something?”
Cas scoffed softly. “You’re worried about that
While taking a deep breath, Dean quickly looked at his mom before looking away again. He decided to start with what was less likely to get her upset. “I met this guy today, that I… kind of liked.”
Charlie rolled her eyes and Dean knew that it didn’t matter if he said it outloud or not: Charlie knew him better than anyone, despite only being in his life for six months. She settled back into the mattress, fixing the covers around him. She whispered out the plan -- “You have to whisper when you’re planning a mission, dumbass!” -- of breaking in and snooping through Castiel’s second office, confident that if there were going to be any pictures of personal items, that’s the office they would be in.
“You look a lot like her. I mean, Sam gets his looks from John, but I can’t see anything from him in you. You get everything from her. Which might be why I didn’t believe at first that you two were brothers, you don’t really look alike,” said Castiel looking at Dean like he could find the answer to all the world’s problem if he just looked hard enough. “And she’s super nice, just like you! We talked for some time while I was waiting. I didn’t mention knowing you though. It wasn’t like I was trying to hide it, it just didn’t come up,” Castiel added in hurry.
When they got back to the other room, the others had already sat down. Gabriel and Benny were sitting on the larger, furthest couch with Sam and Cas on the loveseat on the opposite side of Ash’s recliner. Since Dean wanted to be as far away from Sam as possible, that meant sitting in the spot beside Cas was out of the question… Sitting next to Benny it was then!
“I know, Mom, I’m sorry! I would take it back if I could, trust me. But John and Sam already talked with the principal about this and, when I asked, Coach Turner said that this was final. Now Sam gets to do something he actually wants to do, meanwhile I’m stuck in gym.”
“Suck it up, Winchester. We’re going!” said Jo as she dragged him towards the changing rooms.
“You’re evil, both of you!” said Dean after his mom started laughing and telling Castiel how much she liked that idea.
“Uh, appetizers and shit are out. Not that they’re shit, because - oh wait, Claire is a kid, I can’t say shit like shit and-”
“Realy? Great! Thanks, let me just clean up and let Bobby know I’m leaving first.”
Dean choked back a laugh at Sam's resulting groan, and Cas looked absolutely mortified. Just then Amelia came down with her hands over Claire's ears, and glared at them all the way to the coffee machine.
“Fuck it! This doesn't change anything. I’m out! If you want to stay and help him, then stay. But I’m leaving with or without you. Get in the car guys,” said Lucifer to the others and soon Dean heard the car engine roar to life.
“I guess this is my cue to leave,” Castiel said and Dean wondered if there was really disappointment in his voice or if he imagined it. “I hope you enjoyed the pie. Bye!” And with that, Castiel was gone. He had gone over to the dark side, as Charlie would put it.
Dean, I’m going to give you to the count of 3 to take that Twilight crap back or, I don’t know, I might tell them about that thing that happened in fourth grade.
The second thing he saw was a photo of his mom and him in his nursery. He was pretty sure this was a copy of the one that his mom kept over the fireplace, the first photo ever taken of him. His uncle Bobby had always said how proud he was of how well that photo came out.
Castiel let out a shaky breath, turning his head just slightly to pin Dean with his brilliant eyes. Dean felt his heart stop in his chest, his mouth opening on a soft pant as Castiel just gazed back at him.
- Supernatural -
Castiel didn’t say anything for awhile, just sat there and watched Dean. Dean was just about to ask again when Castiel answered, “Charlie told me where I might find you. Luckily for me, this was my first stop. Have you talk to her since last night?”
“Cas knows you bat for the same team, right?” asked Ash all of the sudden.
Castiel tipped his head, encouraging Sam to go on. Dean’s self-sacrificing personality wasn’t all that abnormal for most of them working in healthcare.
“Hey now,” Dean argued, looking perfectly affronted, “I very well may make a cobbler, thank you very much.”
Dean bent down to pick up one of the balls that was on the floor next to him. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll see you tomorrow. That is, if John doesn't kill me.”
Dean didn’t know what to do. Sam’s friends had brought him to the woods just outside of town, but between his injuries and the pain in his arm, he wasn’t sure he’d make it back to town on his own. Plus, he had no idea where he even was or what direction he should go. They’d driven here, so there should be a road somewhere nearby, but he couldn’t see it through the trees from where he sat. With some difficulty, he managed to dig his phone out of his pocket only to find the screen broken and unresponsive. It must have either smashed when he hit the ground, or when they had been hitting and kicking him.
Before he could make up his mind, a knock on the door sounded moments before Mary, Bobby, and a police officer walked in.
. Yet. His friends liked to make fun of him for it, but he didn’t care. It felt nice and relaxing taking care of her. While Dean cleaned and polished, he could put all of his troubles aside for the moment, wash them away along with the dust on baby’s metal.
Cas shot him another glare. “He’s not my lover boy,” he nearly hissed, angrily.
Claire hesitated for a moment, then pushed up and came to squeeze onto the couch between Castiel and her mom, leaning heavily on her Uncle’s side.
thought Dean. Before Dean could answer him, the door next to them opened and students filled the hall. “Can we talk about this later? I don’t want to have this discussion here in school... I have a detention after school this week, but other than that I’m free.”
“Oh?” Castiel looked at Dean, his face almost looked relieved.
“Dean Winchester was brought to the Emergency Room last night after he was discovered in a remote area outside of town, after being taken against his will, and assaulted by multiple perpetrators. Given your...
“Jody is taking care of the shop for me today.” Wincing at the scratching sound caused by Dean nearly sending his pancake flying off of his plate again, Mary reached over to cut up his food. “Ohh, don’t give me that look, Dean Winchester. I’m your mother, I’m allowed to fuss over you all I want.”
He had a non-date with Castiel! And Castiel had pretty much just asked him on a date! How awesome was that! He couldn’t keep from smiling. That is how his friends found him, sitting all alone with a huge, goofy smile on his face.
I know that, I met Castiel and his brother earlier.
“Thank you, I was about to say the same thing about you,” answered Castiel, even though his eyes never left Dean’s. “You ready to go?”
“Oh, that’s cool. So just you at home?”
“Sir, all your son has been able to tell us is that he was abducted and attacked by a group of boys. Now if you could just come with--”
“You’re not so bad yourself,” Castiel mumbled Dean’s words from earlier, smiling against Dean’s lips as he helped the other man maneuver his jeans the rest of the way off, kicking them to the floor. “What do you say we take yours off now?”
“I kind of forgot a knife,” he said and Cas looked up to see his boyfriend staring down at the glass pie plate in his lap. “I remembered forks though.”
, how hungry are you?"
“John is not in love with his ex, trust me, I know!”
“I’m done,” said Dean from the doorway to the office when there were two minutes left on the clock.
The scene that greeted them didn’t really surprise them but was shocking all the same. There Dean was sitting, shirtless, on her bed with something white leaking down from his mouth and Castiel in the middle of trying to clean it up with his fingers.
“And just because
The night continued, the kids heading to bed with heavy feet and wide yawns, the adults falling off one by one... Dean was the last downstairs with him, other than Sam who was curled up on the couch already snoring, despite the tree lights still being on and casting him in its bright, pink glow. Dean reached for him at the bottom of the stairs, twisting their fingers together as he tried and failed to bite back a yawn. They stripped and redressed into clean pajamas - just in case, there were over a dozen people in the house that did not need to see them in a compromising position - and crawled under the sheets.
“Couldn't stay away huh?” asked Dean as he opened the door to -- nothing. “Hello?” Flicking the flood light on, Dean poked his head out the door and looked around, unable to see anyone outside the house or in the driveway. Had they gone already? It hadn’t taken
And like always, a huge round of applause to my two wonderful betas
“That’s good, Dean. I'm really happy we talked.”
“I think the two of you are done. Just go home already,” said Mary with a fond smile.
, was the first thing Dean thought, though luckily he managed to keep it to himself. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t curious to find out what the doctor’s house looked like, nevermind his heart jumping at the idea of spending some time with Castiel, but the man
Ronald let out a screech of excitement and practically ran from the table back into the living room. Claire chuckled but looked over at her mom. Amelia rolled her eyes and nodded her head, reaching over to take the last piece of Claire's bacon as the teenager ran after he cousin. Gavin at least got half of his breakfast down before he was asking Sam to help him out of the "big kid chair".
He nodded as Jo informed him of the male victim’s condition as well as the latest vital signs. The patient in question was screaming in agony in between begging for something for the pain. Another nurse whose name eluded Dean, was going over which medication had already been given and when. Dean shut his eyes for a moment, thinking. The patient, whose name was Chuck, should’ve begun feeling relief, even if had just taken the edge off the pain. It was obvious Chuck wasn’t feeling anything. So many ideas ran through Dean’s mind. He had to find the appropriate treatment for whatever was happening.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jo really wished she could live in the fantasy land Charlie lived in, it sounded so easy.
Dean startled slightly at Cas’ sudden voice. Moving his hands from his face, he looked up to see Cas standing in front of him, hands in the pockets of his coat. “I know,” Dean said weakly, wiping his cheeks quickly.
“That they have a cousin that lives in New York? Dean, I’ve been dating Luc for –"
and yet, you dump her like she’s nothing. She spent the last few nights in my room crying her eyes out because she thinks you hate her. Now she’s hoping you’ll take her back if she promises to stop talking to me. How is her being friends with me any different than you and Castiel being friends? At least you know she won’t be sleeping with me!” Sam hissed before turning away.
As he sat down, Dean tried his best to hide that he was hurt, but he had a feeling that Charlie had seen right through him.
“It’s not your fault. In fact, Frank never should have done that. He just keeps trying to teach his students that everything they put on the internet stays there forever and that they might not be the only one affected by it.”
, dammit. It’s not like he’s never going to see Castiel again, they work together. Sort of. Technically Dean works
“I know, right? I tried getting Castiel to read it so I could have someone to talk about it with but he thought that some of the things that happens in it are ‘too wrong’ or something.”
thought Dean as he watched John grasp what he’d just let slip.
Charlie grimaced sympathetically.
“She sounds amazing, Sam,” Castiel said, his heart already breaking for what Sam would say next. He remembered cautioning Lucifer early on in their relationship after knowing his new love interest had lost someone close, so he knew how this story ended.
Dean chuckled and followed after Claire who ran back down the hallway into the kitchen. He turned and saw Cas and Amelia watching him. “Hear that? I’m awesome.”
“It’s still going to be an ugly as fuck pie,” Dean replied. Castiel just kissed him silent.
"What the fuck is he doing here, Benny?"
“Apologize?” Dean repeated, crossing his arms. “Apologize for what exactly?”
“Dean’s-easy-what?” Yep, Charlie has finally lost it.
You’re not my friend anymore!
Dean smiled against Castiel’s swollen lips, mumbling against them. “I think Cas creampie is my new favorite kinda pie.”
"I'm sorry sir," the hostess was saying, "it's just going to be a few minutes."
“Mr. Winchester was lucky to have friends that were able to find him,” Officer Kontos replied shortly, looking over Sam.
He’s pulled into front room and Cas pushed the door closed, Dean’s back against it and Cas kisses him again.
“I think we’re on the right path.” Dean smiled and reached up, cupping the back of Castiel’s head and pulling him into a kiss. They kissed slow, the air between them hot and excited, though neither was in any rush. Castiel’s lips felt perfect against Dean’s, and he almost pinched himself to make sure he wasn’t dreaming.
"Just remember to tell Benny that." Ellen didn't  believe him for a second but she decided to let it go for now. Walking in on Dean and Benny last time, dancing to "Shake it off", had definitely put a smile on her face. Besides, she got a great video out of it, not that any of the kids needed to know that.
Rolling his eyes, Dean picked out a random movie and put it in, knowing that he had no plans on actually watching the movie. He then ignored the huge amount of space on the couch and deposited himself on Cas’ lap, wrapping an arm around his neck and resting the other on his cheek. Cas brought his arms up to wrap around Dean’s waist and looked up at Dean with those big blue eyes.
Dean stared down at him, his eyes still blown wide, his heart pounding a million beats a minute.
If Sam wanted to be a part of the community, he sure as hell had achieved it.
“Yeah, I think I could swing that.” Dean pulled him in for another lingering kiss before pushing him back and tapping his ass. “Now go, before you’re the one rushing.”
“Ha ha. Very funny, Mom,” answered Dean while looking at her reflection in the mirror over his shoulder.
“Hey, Earth to Dean! Keep up.” Jo snapped her fingers rapidly in his face.
Since someone had obviously not wanted him to know who left it for him, Dean decided not to open it until he was in his room. For all he knew it was some kind of prank. It wouldn’t be the first time.
So, not his friends then.
“Of course I can fix it. If I’m right about what it is, it will take me an hour, two tops, to fix it for you. If you want you can wait here, or we can call you when I’m done.”
“It’s a surprise,” was all he said as he got into the car, starting up the ignition as Cas settled in beside him. He saw Castiel roll his eyes and reach forward to turn up the radio. Dean simply laughed as he pulled out of the driveway.
- Supernatural -
if he wanted to. All by giving you… this look.”
“Don't sweat it doc.” Dean had a twinkle in his eye and a grin on his face. “She’ll make someone a fine wife one day, but it definitely won't be me.”
After doing just that, Dean put his stuff in the backseat and went to open the garage door so Castiel could back out. When Cas was backed the car safely out of the garage Dean quickly ran to the other side of the room and turned off the light, before closing the door and getting into Cas’s car.
They ate in a comfortable silence, watching the river rushing ahead of them. Every once in a while, Dean would point out a fish jumping, making Cas jump with every, “Oh! Did you see that one?” The sun had set completely by the time they were finished eating, but Dean had thankfully thought ahead and packed a small battery-operated lantern in their picnic basket.
“Yes and no,” Castiel answered, nodding to a tree further down. “I like the looks of that one, but there’s a little boy running to grab his parents now. We were looking at it together and he said it was ‘it’. I think,” Castiel smiled as the boy returned at the end of the aisle, tugging his father’s hand along with him, “I will let ownership of that tree slide.”
“I agree.” Dean grinned as he ran his hands down Castiel’s back, resting them just above the swell of his ass. Dean’s grin turned into a smirk as he tightened his hold on Castiel and rolled them.
,” Dean said honestly, glancing over the top of the car as Castiel moved around the front of it. “I’m worried that I won’t be able to show my face here ever again after they see this hideous pie,” Dean sighed as he followed after Castiel to the walkway.
“Ah, I see.” Castiel looked up at his doctor, and found himself mesmerised by those stunning green eyes. He was completely unable to look away, and from the look of it, Dean was having the same problem.
In between crazy working hours, I FINALLY got time to finish this chapter! I guess there is some upside to being stuck sick in bed all day.
Dean searched Cas’ eyes and licked his lower lip slowly. “I… I don’t usually kiss on the first date. Not when I’m hoping for another one.”
Dean gnaws on his lip. Bobby's right, of course. When he outlined his plan, everyone was on board. Everyone thought it was amazing. He wishes he could feel that certainty again right now.
"Hey, Dad."
“I forgot to ask before, what kept you from bringing my stuff back on time?” asked Dean while he shoved the wet clothes into his laundry basket.
He was being kidnapped! Never in his life had he ever considered this would happen. Wasn’t it just little kids or people with a lot of money that things like this happened to? Who in the hell would want to take him? Everyone in town knew his mom didn’t have any money to pay ransom, and his ‘dad’ wouldn’t even care enough to try. Maybe… maybe they got the wrong guy. That made more sense! They had been going after John Winchester’s prized son, but didn’t get all the info, so they took the wrong son! Dean didn’t know what to make of it, but he suddenly felt a strong need to protect Sam from all of this.
"Pfft. Who cares about
They had to have connections with people in high places, that was for sure. But as he glanced up at the cool gaze of the Officer before him, Sam knew it was definitely not with this officer, and that made him happy. Not for the first time, Sam wondered why he was friends with these people.
Castiel laughed but obliged, pressing the lock down on his door and walking around the back of the car to meet Dean on the other side. Dean was coming out of the back seat, pulling a large basket with him. “Can you grab the blanket?”
Dean was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow, his legs twisted with Castiel's and his arm thrown over Castiel's chest.
Dean wasn’t sure if it was the doctor or the big brother in him, but he didn’t fully relax until Luc’s laughter was heard coming from the kitchen followed by Sam telling him to shut up.
Dean slowly got up from the couch, grabbed his backpack from where he left it next to the door and made his way to his room. When he got there, he closed his door and leaned against it. For what felt like the first time that day, he had a moment to himself and he had absolutely no energy to walk five more steps to his bed. Sliding down to the floor, Dean pulled out his phone from where he had stored it in his backpack to see that he had five new messages. It didn’t surprise him that most of them were from Charlie. In fact, he was kind of shocked there weren’t more from her. Charlie had the habit off blaming herself for things that weren’t really her fault.
“I’ll help you! I pretty good at researching so if you don’t like doing research I can do all that,” offered Sam.
After one more orgasm each, they finally dressed up, and took the now empty tray back down- Dean walking in front of Cas, with Cas' arms wrapped around his waist.
The silence on the other end was so long that Castiel was about to ask if she was still there. “What-what do you mean he was
“Where is he? I mean, he didn’t get any worse, did he?” A pit of anxiety is forming in Dean’s stomach and he’s starting to feel slightly sick. First Ellen, now if Castiel has gotten worse before he got the chance to talk to him properly…
“Mom, it’s late, its been a very long day and I have to get up early tomorrow. I just want to go to bed and you should, too. You look really tired.”
Both Mary and Dean had often hinted to Bobby and Ellen that they should get together, but the pair always shut the thought down.
?” she asked in a panic. “Are you sure he’s gonna be okay? What did they say? Have you seen him? What room is he in?”
Wordlessly, Castiel lifted his left hand, holding it out and looking up to meet Dean’s eyes again.
“It’s me, I promise,” said Castiel before reaching over and kissing Dean lightly on the lips. “I have wanted to do that all day. Remind me, why haven’t we told your friends about us again?”
“God, Dean! What the hell happened?” Cas asked, worried. Before Dean could answer, pain shot up his arm. He didn’t know which one of them had grabbed him, but the person quickly let go when he yelled out in pain and brought his arm closer to himself.
“Honey. Luc convinced me that the bees in our garden wouldn’t stab me if I was covered in honey. I was a disappointed six-year-old when it didn’t work,” said Cas with a chuckle. “I swear I was sticky for weeks. Our mother was furious.”
“Claire,” he said softly, waiting until she looked up and met his eyes. From the expression on Castiel’s face, Dean knew she was either crying or was close to it. “That wasn’t fair to your mom. You know that’s not what she’s saying.”
“Castiel,” the man replied as he slipped his hand free. “I’m here looking for a tree.” He suddenly blushed scarlet and appeared interested in the tree he’d been holding, staring deep into its branches. “Which, I’m sure you are too, since we’re standing in a tree lot.”
Dean blinked hard, staring down at the page. If anything, it only made him more confused… It looked like… it couldn’t be. Whoever wrote this wanted it to look like John’s journal, but that didn’t make any sense. Whoever wrote this cared about Dean and his mom, so it couldn't be John!
Brow furrowed, he takes the note she hands over and gives his order. As she scrambles to place it and pour his coffee, he reads:
“I, uh, picked out a few trees for you to look at. I saw a couple good ones while I was restocking earlier. I figured we could grab a bite to eat first, though?” Dean asked, wiping his hand to the side to lead Castiel to the side of the building where Sam’s Jeep and his Impala were parked.
“I get to take baby?” asked Dean hoping that if he didn’t answer Bobby’s question that the older man would let it go.
Dean could remember it perfectly when he was younger and Mary had taken him to the park to play. They didn’t stay as long as they were used to because John had been there with his wife and Sam. Later that night, after he had gone to bed, Dean had heard his mom crying in the next room. He remembered going to her bed, climbing in her lap, and brushing the tears away just like she did every time he cried, then hugging her until they both fell asleep.
Cas sat down heavily. “Yeah, we had a double wedding.”
Dean pretended to look in the bottom drawer, when he felt Cas' tongue lick him from his balls to his hole. Dean yelped, not expecting the feeling, but pushed back into Cas' face, silently begging him to not stop.
“I’m not sitting at an old Volvo-table when there is an empty Mustang’s one. Come on, Cas, we are sitting over there,” said Dean as he gripped Castiel’s hand and dragged him over to the table made out of spare parts from an old Mustang.
“I hate my life!”
Beeping. Loud. Irritating. Bright. What the hell was that infernal racket? Dean swung his arm out to hit his alarm on his night stand - and fell out of the bed. There was no night stand to catch him.
“Uncle Cassie! Uncle Cassie! You and Dean need to get up, otherwise you’re going to miss the movie,” came Claire’s cheerful voice through the door right before he heard the door open. His sleep deprived mind had a slight panic before he remembered that they’d put their pajamas on before going to bed. Even though they were both fully covered by the comforter, he was glad that they weren’t about to scar the little girl for life. Especially when Dean was still trying to impress her and her uncle.
Castiel put his hand beneath Dean’s chin and lifted it ever so gently. “Dean? Dean, can you open your eyes for me?”
“It wasn’t funny at all. I had just found out my best friend liked guys! I was allowed to freak out a little bit, since I don’t know,
"There is no competition, Dean. I'd choose this coffee over you any day."
Clearly confused, the young nurse that had showed John to the room looked down to her tablet and then to the door number before asking, “Mister Winchester, is this not your son?”
"Fergus does wood working and restoration projects," Castiel supplied, giving Dean's shoulder a squeeze.
“Dude, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you look so…”
Claire licked her lips and turned, narrowing her eyes as she searched Dean’s face. “I hope you know, we’re totally cooler than any of your family.”
Are blue eyes and a gorgeous smile really worth it?
“Your what? No son of mine is going to be a fuck--”
“Dean,” Castiel waited until Dean looked up so he could look him in the eyes before continuing, “I like you too, but…” The pause that followed wasn’t all that long, but it felt like time had stopped for Dean, especially since the happy look that had been on Castiel’s face earlier had now been replaced with a far more serious one.
Dean loved his mom, he really did, but it was times like this that he wished that she couldn’t read him like an open book. Even though Mary would let him go to bed right now without saying anything, Dean knew that his mom wouldn’t sleep well. She would probably be up all night worrying about him and Dean couldn’t do that to her. He also knew that if he started talking to her, he would spill everything. About Cas, about Sam wanting to get back at him, about John’s new teaching position…
“I happen to be quite fond of cream pies,” Castiel replied straight faced as he took a sip of his coffee, enjoying the way it paired with the peppermint. “They are
“It was fine.” That is, if you don’t count the detention, but his mom didn’t need to know that John was making his life a living hell. She felt bad enough about the whole John thing already. “Do you know if a-”
The fifth rule was that no one was supposed to impose on Dean and Castiel unless it was extremely necessary. Because of that, someone had to keep Gabriel busy so he wouldn’t get in the way. Since Benny was the only one that had already met him, he got that job.
“At least he read the books!” Charlie shot back. “But that is fine. Dean just has to make Castiel watch all the movies with him. Right, Dean?”
“Hey, I’m sorry for prying,” Dean kissed him again. “Are you okay?”
“No thank you, my car is still outside,” said Gabriel as he grabbed Castiel’s shoulder. “Let’s go, Cassy. Naomi is gonna have a fit if we aren’t home soon.”
“Why? Because I won’t eat the pie which means you get
“What, Sam?” Dean demanded, proud of himself for not showing
- Supernatural -
“Castiel lives now with his father and stepmother, Naomi Novak, her two sons, Lucifer and Michael, and his older brother, Gabriel.”
“Come on, guys. Really?” Sam complained.
Standing next to Mary, Bobby started gathering his things. “Either of you boys need a ride home?”
“Not that I would be opposed to either one. I’m an equal opportunity lover. But I’m unattached.”
“You don’t need to tell me, all I need to know is if you can fix it,” interrupted Castiel.
“It’s not a date!”
Dean didn’t bother to look up from the chart he was pretending to glance over, as if her hands weren’t blocking eight percent of the page. “Yeah, and?”
Cas jerks and stops mid-sit.
It's finally here, sorry for the wait.
Castiel really didn't mean to cockblock his brother, but Sam seemed okay enough with tagging along to drop him off at his doctor’s appointment - might as well get that cough looked at - before he and Luc went on their date. If it just so happened that Castiel needed to call Luc and tell him to throw some of his stuff in a bag and bring it to him because he was being admitted, well, Luc and Sam would just have to wait to get their socks off.
“He and his brother found you and brought you to the hospital,” explained Mary. After telling him everything the doctors and cops had told her, she asked, “Do you remember anything after you got to the hospital? You were pretty out of it by the time I showed up.”
going to invite him.”
“Sure, take a seat,” Benny replied as he moved over to make room for Castiel in between himself and Dean, even though there had more than enough space everywhere else.
He was led through Cas’ house by his hand, Cas turning lights out as they went. House dim, he followed Cas upstairs and in to the master bedroom.
"Now, I have two announcements. First, who got a spot in the extra gym class. As you all know, this list is final. There will be no dropping out or changing classes; if you got into the extra gym class, you have to show up for the extra classes
“What? No! There’s no note here,” said Dean as he double check if he had missed something.
“I’m sure it won’t be long now,” answered Gabriel.,“and I don’t think you pacing will change that, so why don’t you sit down?”
smart,” said Charlie, her voice showing how impressed she was. Dean knew that not many people at school could impress Charlie with their intellect. “You’d like him if the two of you could just put everything behind you.”
Dean chuckled to himself as he turned on the hot water and stepped under the spray. The heat was doing wonders on Dean’s sore body. If Charlie wasn’t waiting for him, he might just stay there for hours and wash all of his worries away.
believe was that Castiel wanted to be there. The last few times Dean and Cas hung out, Castiel had mentioned he felt bad for excluding Sam lately. As doubtful as Dean was about this being a good idea, he didn’t want to start his relationship out by coming in between his boyfriend and his best friend. No way did he want Castiel to hold that against him.
Unfortunately, Dean didn’t get a lot of time to decide before the girl, Krissy according to Cas, came to take their order. “So, what do you guys want?”
“Best ban- What the hell did you do with that banana?” asked Charlie with her eyes wide open and a wicked smile on her lips.
Castiel told himself that all of this was merely to lift his own spirits, and nothing more, as being a patient sucked immensely, and he might have even convinced himself this was true too, if it wasn't for his reaction when the door opened and the doctor walked in. His heart sank; he tried not to show his disappointment, but evidently he was unsuccessful.
“No,” Dean agreed, shaking his head. There wasn’t much he could remember about their dad being in the service, most of the times they’d been relocated Dean was too young to remember. Most of his childhood memories came from beneath the hood of a car and playing in the office of the garage. But the way his father talked about the Marines, well, sometimes Dean felt like he’d never left the service.
“Hi, Cas! Sorry, I’m late. Detention took longer than it was supposed to,” said Dean as he sat down across from Cas. Since Dean knew that Castiel wasn’t a fan of pies he offered Castiel the cake and offered to go get something else if he didn’t want it.
own all the movies. Both the extended versions and the regular!" she finished as she passed the
A half open door she’d never really paid attention to greeted her. She hesitated, peeking into what looked like an office. In all the time she had been to the Winchesters house, that door had been firmly shut. Looking behind her to make sure nobody could see her, Charlie pushed the door a little wider.
“Oh, shut up and get lost, both of you!” Dean heard Sam say as the bell rang above him. A few minutes later, Dean turned to leave and noticed his brother leaning against a locker a little away from his.
Dean had just finished putting all the snacks on the table when the rest of the gang showed up.
Dean swallowed hard.
Claire glanced over at her mom and then shrugged. “Uncle Cas might not feel like he
Castiel couldn’t imagine what either of the brothers had gone through over that accident… both blaming themselves, Sam for not being there, Dean for not paying attention… it made him ache for them both. But he didn’t understand why that didn’t bring them closer together, let their loss and guilt and love for Eileen bring them closer…
“Or we could do it on her bed?” suggested Cas as he walked over to Charlie’s bed. To say that Dean was at a loss for words was an understatement. His innocent little angel wasn’t so innocent after all.
"You know you don’t need to do all the calculation yourself if you have put all the information in the document, right?” From the look he got in return it was clear that Bobby had not in fact known that. “Never mind, I will fix it for you,” said Dean before turning to the screen. Without looking up he added in a sarcastic voice, “By the way, thanks for the heads up about John becoming my teacher.”
Dean grumbles, picking at the edge of his coffee cup, “That’s what I keep saying.”
“Yeah, Cas, I’m okay. Just, uh-” He cleared his throat, rubbing the back of his neck with his hand.
Sam sighed as he ran a hand back through his hair. “But, Dean made an effort to curb that first instinct. He, uh… I shouldn’t really be telling you this,” Sam paused, meeting Castiel’s eyes for a moment. “If you tell him, I’ll have to kill you before he kills me.”
“Really? That’s great!” exclaimed Charlie as she made her way over and hugged Sam. “Of course I want to do it.”
Storming away, Charlie didn’t know whether she should be glad or disappointed that Sam didn’t even try to stop or follow her. As she walked down the stairs, the person she least wanted to see rounded the corner to take the stairs. John Winchester did a double take as he noticed her, before shaking his head. He seemed
"Little to the left today." Ash leers at him and winks.
“No!” Dean huffed, “How did you know I was dating Cas?”
Let me know what you think!
"I think you forgot to sign your name to this class boy. I checked! Twice."
“Explain what?” Cas asked, grabbing the first two hangers. In the back of his mind, he hoped they matched.
I’m sorry!
“I can meet you at your mom’s cafe after your detention, if you like,” offered Castiel with his head tilted slightly to the side and his eyes never leaving Dean’s. “I have some homework that I need to do anyway and I could use the change of scenery to do it. It’s way too loud at home nowadays. Gabriel recently found some rock band that he’s been playing at the highest volume just to annoy Naomi. I’m not even sure he likes the music himself,” he added with a shake of his head.
“Your grandparents are coming down here next weekend to see how you are,” his mom said as she came back and leaned against the doorframe. “They’re staying for about a month. So enjoy the time you have left while you still can.”
Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed the chapter and like always I would love to hear what you guys think!
It has been a whirlwind of a week, but Dean
“Dean! Please tell me you did not buy the car in the driveway,” came his mom’s voice from downstairs.
“Yeah, thanks for that.” Dean gave her a sincere smile and then rubbed his stomach. “Great, now I’m hungry. I’m going to check if there’s anything to eat. You want anything?” asked Dean, looking over to Charlie for an answer, “We can sit down and watch Game of Thrones or something while we snack.”
“John, I think it’s time for you to leave.”
"Good morning, Dean. Merry Christmas."
“She’s the reason I decided to become a doctor.” Dean turned his attention to the cup in front of him. He didn’t want to see the man’s face as he told the story, didn’t want to see Castiel’s look of condolence, or worse, pity.
“Castiel, tell me what happened now,” ordered John, completely ignoring Dean on the bed. Before Castiel could say anything, Dean snapped out, “Like you even care. Just-- just go away.”
“Ever since my brother passed,” Castiel started, giving Dean a knowing nod when he opened his mouth to speak, “we’ve taken turns hosting the holidays, a Christmas and Hanukkah mashup, between the four remaining siblings. This year, it’s my turn. It’s… actually my first-time hosting, and my niece made a point in telling me that I better have a ‘real tree’.”
The wall in front of him was littered with photos of him growing up. He was alone in most of them, but a few had him with his mom, Bobby, or friends. He let his eyes scan from the football game photo to the next, a picture taken the same day with him sound asleep and wearing the cap Bobby had gotten him. He’d long outgrown it, but it was still hanging up in his room.
“I really want you to meet Luc, Dean. What do you guys think about coming over for dinner this week? We can grill something up?”
Yet… someone obviously had had a change of heart and let Dean’s friends know. There was only one person that came to mind. “Jack. Talk to Jack Kline.”
“Cas, I think they gave me too much drugs,” muttered Dean, staring down at the IV in his arm with a confused look on his face. If the circumstances had been different, Cas would have thought it was adorable. “I think I just heard my-- nevermind,” Dean added and Cas could have sworn he sounded sad.
Dean stares at the walls absently while he thinks. He’d kept the distance for a reason, he was protecting Sam! But… was he truly hurting Sam more than he was helping him? It was his fault that Sam’s life was changed, his fault that Eileen had… His eyes started burning.
Gabriel could hardly contain his laughter and Cas couldn’t make sense of what his boyfriend was talking about, so he said the first thing that came to mind, “Huhh?”
Dean makes a face in spite of himself. That’s one bullet he’s pretty glad he’s dodged today. He backs away as Balthazar pushes off the desk and advances towards him.
“That’s because I’m awesome and you’re welcome, old man,” said Dean with a smirk on his face before heading to the work area.
of the problems was that Dean made the big mistake of agreeing to meet up with Castiel and Charlie at the party instead of the trio traveling together. Dean tried to talk the whole gang into showing up with him, but Charlie had been the only one that was free that night. Now he was standing outside Sam’s house, alone, looking like an idiot with Charlie running late and Castiel nowhere in sight. They hadn’t specified
“Drawer,” Dean groaned as Castiel’s teeth pressed into his throat again. “Fuck,” he whispered and forced himself to twist away, reaching over to the nightstand to pull it open. He found a bottle of lube and tossed it onto the bed, but had to blindly fumble towards the back for a condom. “Shit, last one. That’s lucky,” Dean laughed and dropped it beside the bottle before pushing the drawer shut and reaching for Cas.
, Sammy. I’m just…”
He had to turn around in bed to be able to see the alarm clock on Cas’ bedside table. The red letters on it confirmed the horrible truth, that the time was only 7:06. In. The. Freaking. Morning. He couldn’t believe it until he watched the last number turn into seven. It was way too early to be awake. Especially on a day after a major holiday.
Dean could feel the gaze of both Sam and John on the back of his head as he walked away and for a moment, he wondered if Sam knew that Dean had picked the list because he’d seen that was what Sam had wanted… No matter who was closer to him, they both knew John’s idea of what made a ‘strong, successful son’ and being in a club that wasn’t focused on some type of sport? Was not it. Dean also gave Sam an out-- he could blame Dean Winchester, the bad son, for switching his name over. John couldn’t possibly get mad at Sam for that.
Was that Cas' voice? Dean elbowed his way through the crowd waiting for seats and sidled up to Cas. "Everything okay?"
He scanned the top of the chart, Castiel Novak's name repeating in his head like a litany. Doctor Castiel Novak, he reminded himself. See. Professional.
Before he had a moment to react, Cas was pushing his shoulders backwards and pulling his hips forward so that his ass was off the counter. Dean leaned back on his elbows, enjoying the sight of Cas’ face, red and sweaty with arousal, still bracketed by his knees. Cas gave him no time to compose himself before he took Dean’s dick back into his mouth and began to suck his brains out through it.
“Oh, thank god,” his mom said, faking relief. “The five potential buyers I already have lined up would be so disappointed.” Picking up the tray in front of him she added, “You done?” Worry flashed in her eyes as she took in the leftovers on the plate. It wasn’t often that Dean didn’t clean the plate completely, especially when she made one of his favorites.
“Don’t say anything, Dean, let’s just have tonight. We’ll figure the rest out in the morning.”
Dean smiled. “Okay.  Enough stalling, gorgeous. Boots, gloves, the whole shebang.”
And really, Sam seemed like a nice kid for sticking around with Luc and making sure Castiel was settled in for an extended stay at the hospital. He would’ve liked to chat with him some more, but the glares from Luc were so intense that Castiel finally told them to get out of his hair and leave him be.
“That’s not it, Mom. I was pretty sure he might be interested but it’s never going to happened now.” When his mom went back to being confused he quickly added, “The girls invited him to movie night and since he took his best friend with him it didn’t turn out too well.”
“Oh really? I know you, Castiel. I’m willing to bet you’ve been working even though you are supposed to be resting.”
“Mary called me. Don’t worry she will be here soon,” said Bobby without taking his eyes off of Dean. “And Johnny, you better be gone when she gets here. You have done nothing to earn the right to be here. Now leave before I have them throw you out.”
Castiel smiled as the waitress set down a large slice of peppermint pie between them before topping off their coffees with a bright smile. Dean had been right about the little diner having the best burgers. The onion rings had been amazing, too, but the company was what Castiel had found himself to be enjoying the most. Dean was witty, charming, and had made Castiel laugh more this evening than he had in quite some time. Hell, he hadn’t laughed this freely since Jimmy was alive.
thought Dean as he glared at Charlie.
“You know, it’s pretty dark out there…” Dean trailed off, looking up to meet Cas’ eyes. “Walk me to my car?”
“Great, I will wait for you in the library,” Charlie said before greeting someone behind Dean. When Dean turned around to look who Charlie was talking to, he saw Castiel standing with his food tray.
Looking back up, Officer Kontos asked, “Do you know where he went?”
“Sorry, mom!” Dean apologized sheepishly as they made their way up to the counter. Dean could count on one hand how often he had seen his mom angry, and none of those times had it been directed at him.
Dean pointed again, eyebrow raised. Castiel’s feet dragging is not making this any better. “This woman is also in a wedding dress, Cas, and you’re next to her.”
“Great! Thanks, Bobby! I mean it!” Dean exclaimed, vibrating with excitement. “I’ll take super good care of her, you know I will!” said Dean with the biggest smile possible as he made his way to go get the key.
"I have no idea what that means, but I'll take it as a compliment."
"Heya, Cas." His eyes sparkle with unshed tears. His posture is perfect, but his voice wobbles on Cas' name, like he's unsure.
“Sit, Dean.”
“I’m sure your place is just fine, Dean. Here,” Castiel smiled softly as he passed the tree stand to him, “thank you for helping me.”
“I wish I could stay but I have to go meet my brother downtown. Oh and to answer your earlier question on why I didn’t go to John’s place, Sam is mad at me right now so I didn’t want to go there just yet. I was going to wait but Gabriel kept on telling me to come he-- I’m starting to think he might have known you worked here.”
“Cas,” Dean groaned out as his boyfriend started to fuck his hips up, meeting each of Dean’s downward thrusts. Sparks of pleasure were dancing their way through Dean’s lower body and he threw his head back, fingernails digging into Cas’ knees.
“So does that mean you
“Dean, wait!”
“You took me to a secluded road in the middle of the woods,” Cas commented dryly, turning his head to find Dean already watching him. “Is this where it all falls apart? Are you going to murder me in the deep back woods?”
“Yeah, that could work,” Dean agreed. “Cas and I can bring dessert.”
Dean walked them backwards, pulling Castiel against him and sealing their lips together as soon as his knees hit the end of the bed. “So,” Dean whispered, hot against Castiel’s mouth, “this is the bedroom, it's the perfect first stop for the tour.”
His narrowed eyes were faintly red-rimmed and puffy. Clearly something other than a dinner mix-up happened. Dean slid his hand down and twined their fingers together. "Come sit down with me for a second. Please?"
“Apparently, the only way to get him to come is if you go too. Castiel wants to be there, I know he does. He just doesn’t want to bail on someone if he’s already made plans. So,
Sam looks into his coffee for a long moment, breathing through the sudden swell of emotion. “I understand wanting to isolate yourself,” he starts softly, swallowing hard before he continues, “I get it, I do, but I’m just asking that you… don’t. Don’t pull away. It hurts more not having you around. If you want to wallow in it, just- can you do it and still be my brother?”
thought Charlie.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You won’t, Dean, trust me, and take a chance on this. On us. We’ll see where the night takes us, you’re in charge here Dean. You call the shots.”
my dad, he’s just the sperm donor. Second, who is
Dean got lost in the sensations, moaning and groaning, and before he knew it, Cas was three fingers deep, brushing his prostate relentlessly, and teasing him like they had all the time in the world. (The last thought sent pleasing shivers down Dean’s spine which he decided to ignore for the time being)
Dean leaned back, shivering as Castiel’s fingers dipped beneath the hem of his jeans, their eyes locked as he worked open Dean’s zipper. Castiel moved to the side to pull Dean’s jeans free and Dean shifted, his legs falling open slightly. Castiel’s eyes darkened and he crawled between them, pressing against the length of Dean’s body before finding his lips again.
His throat was still sore, so he knew he wouldn’t be shouting any time soon, but he also knew his mom was close enough to hear him nonetheless. “Mom,” he said in a raspy voice.
Dean chewed on his bottom lip before his tongue darted out to wet it. “So what you’re saying is you think I’m pretty?”
“Well,” Benny shrugged, ears just as red as his cheeks, “I figured since Dean and I had always done everything together, now that Dean was gay, I would have to get used to all the gay stuff. I mean, especially if I was going to have to be gay with him.” Benny cleared his throat and shrugged. “I think it was just temporary insanity. No big deal!”
Castiel looked at his arm, covered in snow. He looked up at Dean, who already had another snowball and a smug expression.
“And what did they say?” asked Dean, he knew better then be hopeful that he wasn't in trouble.
, the new boyfriend? Well, Dean knew he was being ridiculous.
AN: Hope you liked it :). All feed back is highly appreciated.
“It’s not?” Dean felt his eyebrow raise and he twisted his mug in his hands.
I really struggled with this chapter - these guys just did not want to let me into their private time at all. But, I got it done.. and apologies in advance for the unbeta'd chapter. All mistakes and head hopping and gross errors are my own because I have horrible mom brain. lol
Never before had Castiel seen John get so angry and he had witnessed to many,
Pushing himself off the wall, he stepped closer towards Cas, smiling at him as he leaned in to kiss him. Just as their lips brushed against each other, Dean heard a voice behind him that made his blood run cold.
How could Dean refuse a request like that.
Balthazar snaps his face in front of his face. “Earth to Winchester. Good grief, if I didn’t know better I’d say you were a teenager with a crush.”
He wasn’t quite sure
I still think Cas likes you, if that helps.
Things between him and Sam had been weird since Sam found out about Dean’s relationship with Castiel. The day after Castiel told Sam, his half-brother cornered Dean after school, telling him in his own not so charming words, that ‘as far as Castiel would ever know he was going to be a good friend and not make a big deal out of this... but Dean should
Our next chapter will be written by CoffeeandCas on September 6th!!
With a deep sigh Mary put the plate back in front of him and sat down on the bed, making sure not to disturb Dean’s legs. “Do you hate it there? If you want, you can change schools or we could take your grandparent’s offer and move closer to them.”
“Hmmm…” Balthazar said as he checked Castiel’s pulse. “You wouldn’t be lying to me, would you? After all, I’m sure you would have greatly preferred that the delectable Doctor Winchester attend you this morning, rather than me.”
He sighs. "I know, I know. I just… It's gotta be perfect."
“Dude, you can’t hold out on me now.” Smirking, Dean pushed his luck, “I mean, I could’ve gone a second round and I answered the phone instead.”
Castiel was quiet for a moment then smiled. “I am thinking that it's been quiet. Too quiet. And I’m wondering if we’re going to go downstairs to find Ryan up on the counter in the cupboard where the Oreos are…”
“At least Castiel tried. If the book doesn't have pictures in it then Dean won’t try it.” Charlie rolled her eyes and then glanced back down at the book. “So, how far in it are you?”
After getting the keys and a quick change of clothes, since there was no chance in hell he was sitting down on the leather seats in his dirty work clothes, Dean thanked Bobby again and said his goodbyes.
Hi y'all. My chapter is definitely not as long as I wanted it to be or planned for, and for that, I apologize. My roommate gave me his stupid flu, so I've been bouncing between too sick to think and high on meds. Anyhow, I hope you don't hate it too much. :-)
He rocked his hips forward, sliding his body up and down Cas’ length, his own cock bouncing between their stomachs with each jerk of his hips. “Touch me, Cas,” Dean breathed out against his lips before moving back, using both of Cas’ knees to move up and down.
Cas blinked at him. "I… I don't know? I guess… maybe a muffin? More than a bean, but definitely not a horse."
Sam snorted and pushed past Dean. “Just ask him out, Dean.”
“Well, I didn’t know that until John called yelling at me for ‘screwing you up’,” Mary interrupted him and Dean started to realize that maybe she wasn’t just angry at him. After all, if anyone could get under Mary’s skin it was John.
“Here he goes,” muttered Cas beside him.
Pain shot up his arm as soon as he had put little pressure on it and he looked down to see he’d been done up in a cast. He recalled being discharged early in the morning but he could hardly remember the trip home, just that Bobby and Ellen had showed up together to drive them. His mom had climbed into the backseat with him, supporting him during the ride and walking inside their house. Apparently they hadn’t made it all the way upstairs to his room.
“I didn’t,” Dean interrupted quicky, then immediately felt heat rise to his cheeks. God, he was doing
“It doesn’t really matter any more, but I got a message last night from an unknown number saying he was sorry. But Cas came to the garage today and we worked things out.” When he noticed the look that Charlie was giving him after that, he quickly added, “Don’t give me that look! Please don’t make a big deal out of this!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Putting the photo back down, Dean’s eye caught another nearby photo, one he’d never seen before.
Dean nodded slowly, slouching down slowly to match Castiel’s position.
“Hello,
Without getting up from his place on Cas’ lap, Dean turned to Sam and said, “After this morning, you really should know better, Sammy.” He smirked.
well built. Even though the guy was really, really hot, Dean couldn’t help but think about the photo of Castiel in the pizza delivery outfit.
They nodded together, falling silent and listening to the sounds of their family and the soft crooning of the classic Christmas music playing over Alexa.
“We have had enough of all the sexual tension between you two. This door is going to stay closed for the next hour or until you two get together!” called Charlie through the now locked door to her room.
“Sam, maybe Gabriel was right. I think there has been some kind of misunderstanding and we are not welcome here. I think we are too late to catch the movie we had planned. Maybe there something else we can see? Come on, let's just go...” Castiel trailed off and it was obvious that both he and Gabriel were really uncomfortable and had no idea what was going on.
“He will thank us later when he’s not so busy playing dumb for that geek he keeps bringing to his house,” came a voice that Dean instantly knew belonged to Lucifer.
Really, it was really only natural that he would be ridiculously attracted to the blue-eyed angel, complete with wings, in room two-oh-five. He was
“I don’t know, but I’m taking a video camera with me tomorrow just in case,” answered Jo without even trying to keep her voice low. It wasn’t the reaction that Dean wanted, but it didn’t surprise him that all his friends did was laugh when he gave them the finger.
A hacking cough racked through Castiel before he could answer, and when he was eventually able to speak again, he said weakly “Yes, doctor.”
“Oh god,” Castiel moaned as his head dropped back onto the pillow. The rough drag of Dean’s five o’clock shadow against his inner thighs and the smooth press of Dean’s tongue against his quivering pucker was driving him mad. Castiel’s cock twitched in a valiant attempt to get hard again, and if he was ten years younger he’d have been ready in no time.
As always, huge thanks to
"There's preparations for scrambled eggs and hash browns in the kitchen, if you want to make them." He called out to Gabe. He wasn't an asshole after all.
Dean glared at her taking the box from her hands and reaching in for another handful. “To confront me,” he answered. “Came up onto the floor while I was in a patient’s room.”
That made it easier to stop laughing, but the thought that John Winchester could still by in love with his mom was just so funny.
Dude! Charlie thinks you hate her now. She trying to get us to planning a flash mob to say we’re sorry. Please do us all a favor and at least answer her.
“That would have been so funny if Dean had gone back into the closet and Benny had come out at the same time, like he tried to!”
,” said John as he walked back and forth in front of the class.
“I don’t need your permission!” Dean shot back, but Sam was already halfway to the beverage table, his shoulders shaking with laughter.
“Sixty-seven,” Dean answered, glancing over to the side before looking back to the road. “I restored her with my Dad when I was a teen. She’d been in a pretty bad wreck, you could barely recognize that it was a four door from the frame damage.”
Castiel looked over their faces and promptly burst out laughing once more.
Dean snorted and shoved him gently. “Get out.”
thought Charlie and felt her eyes widen, almost comically in disbelief. Her whole life, except for the movie night incident, Sam had never so much as looked at her if she wasn’t with Dean. Now he wanted something from her and, truth be told, it scared her. A lot! Not that she would ever let him find out about that. She had long ago learned from all of her favorite games, movies, and books that you should never show your enemies your weaknesses. And you should never make a deal with the devil.
“Seriously Winchester, suck it up.” As if to punctuate how serious she was,
“Relax!” Castiel said as he opened the door. “I have no doubt you and Luc will get along.”
Castiel kept his word, moving excruciatingly slow as he worked his finger in and out of Dean’s body, pressing and twisting and teasing as his mouth moved down Dean’s chest. Dean looked down his body, groaning at the sight of Cas working in and out of his body and the flush reddened marks littering his chest and stomach. He felt like he was ready to burst, like if Cas didn’t get the fuck inside of him
Dean reached for his coffee, taking a deep sip before smirking at Castiel over the top of his mug. “You’re going to have to wait for a second date to find out the answer to that.”
want to analyze, before waving his arm out to the side to welcome them in. “Well, come on in so we can show you the rest,” said Sam, following after Castiel into the kitchen.
“Ohh. I’m sorry, but I promised that I would spend some time with my brother and--”
“What Dean forgot to say,” Amelia added, lifting her hand in a ‘come here’ gesture to her daughter, “is that Claire was being rude and all but demanded Dean come for Christmas. Though, I told her that it was up to you to invite him if you wanted him there
Hope it was worth the wait!
“Come on,” Dean said softly, “tall tree is the winner. Lets get it tied down to the car and we can bring it over to your place.”
. He made his way to the cafeteria, making a decision on the way to pick up a drink for Doctor Novak too. He must like coffee - everyone does, right? But how does he take it? Sweet… black… milky? By the time Dean reached the cafeteria he was no closer to figuring out which type he should get.
s were fucked out of him with each thrust and his mind was blissfully blank.
. He swallows hard as he sees that Bobby, Ellen, and Benny are holding
Cas reached out to touch Dean’s cheek and tried to pull him closer with a murmur.
“Well doesn’t that make me feel special?” Balthazar said sarcastically. “No preference, indeed.”
The smell of coffee, bacon, and warm cinnamon greeted them as soon as the entered the kitchen. Castiel had pulled a large folding table up from the basement, extending it off the regular dining table, and giving fourteen seats and room for the two high-chairs. Castiel was moving around one side, setting out plates and napkins, while Gabriel - thankfully having found a fuzzy, red and white robe to put over his Rudolph faced, skin tight boxers - followed after him with silverware.
Without thinking, Dean said the first thing that came to his mind, “Why didn’t you go to John’s place. I’m sure Sam could have gotten you an appointment there.”
When he had been called to the ER a few minutes after his shift had started, Dean had felt a pang of disappointment at missing his visit with Doctor Novak… Castiel, but the gravity of the situation very quickly put all such thoughts out of his mind. Now, however, Dean couldn't stop thinking about him; wondering if he was still a patient, or if he had been discharged. It wouldn't hurt to check in on him briefly, would it?
John talked the entire time while they ran the laps. Dean didn’t catch everything John said, but at times, he couldn’t help but think that John was talking about him and his friends. Every now and then the whole class would start watching them and start laughing. Thankfully, Dean quickly found a way to distract himself by counting how often his friends told him to ‘let it go’ or something along those lines.
He licked Cas clean as they both came down from their orgasms, and went easily as Cas pulled him up for a kiss. The kiss was filthy, and soft at the same time; Cas could probably taste himself in Dean's mouth. Dean felt a hand creep into his pants, and the moment Cas realized he had come in his pants was obvious. Cas broke their kiss to moan loudly, and pressed his hand around Dean's sensitive, softening dick, just on the right side of being painful.
The first thing Dean had done the day after his none-date was call Bobby and double check if he’d promised to stay longer today, which of course he had. Dean had gone on and on for nearly five minutes about how he would make it up to Bobby if he could
Castiel sounded nervous, anxious for a moment, and Dean had to bite back a laugh. Okay for a first date didn’t even come close, this place was awesome! “Are you kidding, Cas? Of course that’s okay!” Castiel beamed in response, his cheeks a bit pink in the lamp light.
"Hey, Cas! How's it hangin'?"
“Hey, Charlie! Have you killed Benny yet?” said Dean when he find her putting some books back in the shelves.
“I could be… convinced to spend the night,” Dean answered back. Castiel chuckled and answered him with a kiss.
Jo waited another moment, contemplating Benny’s expression, before launching into the story. “Benny only freaked out about Dean being gay for like half a day. Then he started freaking out about what he should do when Dean would eventually fall madly in love with him, because in his mind, that was bound to happen eventually.”
Ever since he showed up to school after the weekend, Sam’s friends had been making his life hell. Stealing his stuff, disturbing the class and then blaming him for it, and pushing him around -- into lockers, doorways, the girl’s bathroom -- when no one was looking.
Dean was just getting dressed after taking a shower when the front door opened.
Do you really want me to answer that?
Dean snorted and shook his head, cutting off another large slice and shoving it in his mouth.
He lifted his head to see Dean slip inside, a small, apologetic smile on his lips. He crossed the room, still in his sweats and a t-shirt from sleep, and climbed onto the bed.
After getting “Hell yes!” from everybody except Benny, who just grunted before restarting the game he and Charlie were playing and taking the lead for the first time that day, Jo continued.
“Us,” Dean answered with a shrug. “I mean us showing up together.”
"Yes." Cas looks around at their blended family and friends talking and joking, reaching for cups of cocoa from the platter Ash is dutifully trying not to drop. He turns and wraps his arms around Dean's waist, sighs happily when Dean returns the embrace. It's perfect.
double tulip, I know." His favorite flower. Cas buries his nose in the delicate petals and indulges in the sweet, spicy scent. "Where did you find this?"
your son! At least that what you and Sam keep telling me!” Dean spun around, giving John his back, and walked away. Thankfully this time, John didn’t follow.
When Mary came upstair twenty minutes later, she found the two of them in front of the tv having a heated, but playful, disagreement on which one was better the Marvel universe or the DC universe. Since Mary knew from experience that this could go on for hours, she decided to go make some popcorn and go enjoy the show.
“He’s through here,” said the nurse as she stopped in front of room 494. “He will be a little out of it for a few hours so try not to let it get to you. Also boys, there will be an officer coming by to talk to you and take a statement about what happened. Don’t worry, you’re not in trouble or anything. We just want to find out what happened and make sure it doesn't happen again.”
When they went on their first date - was that really only nine days ago? - Dean immediately knew Cas and his family were close. It was clear from the way he talked about them, all of them. When he found that picture on Tuesday, and then Castiel explained the double marriage situation, Dean didn’t understand how Amelia and Cas could be close and yet, strained. Cas had reassured him that the cool awkwardness over his divorce to Daphne was always just a tough topic, and that they’d worked past it, especially after Jimmy died.
Amelia laughed and shook her head. “Well, at least one of us is. Claire is nine going on sixteen, I’m pretty sure I won’t be awesome again until she’s thirty.”
“No, and I’m not going to,” answered Dean immediately. He still couldn’t wrap his head around how his friend could go behind his back like that.
“Doctor Novak,” Dean greeted him coolly.
Before he could finish, Jo stepped on his foot, grateful for the couch in front of them so that Dean couldn't see.
John looked up from a old journal he was reading and glanced at his watch. “You finished all of it?” he asked before standing up and entering the gym to take a look for himself. When he couldn’t find anything, he groaned out, “Fine, you can go. You have detention with me tomorrow as well. Meet me here after school.” Dean had barely managed a nod before John had turned and gone back inside his office, closing the door behind him.
“I can exp --”started Dean only to be cut off by Cas.
“Well, I think a drink is in order.”
Over the last year and a half, Castiel woke up every morning thankful that Dean was at his side, or that the bed was rumpled from his last sleep -- being on call or working night shift was
Dean sighed and turned to give her a look. “Are you gonna help me or just give me the third degree?” asked Dean, who had just about given up on trying to find something. His goal had been to pick something that was a little bit nicer than the things he normally wore, but not
Michael, Lucas, and Gabriel were sitting out on the deck, bundled up in their jackets with warm, mulled cider as Gavin and Ronald played in the snow. Anna and Lilly, Michael's wife, were putting down Sasha and Leigha for bed.
“Excuse me, I have to…” Dean started. “I’ll leave you two to talk.” He all but ran out of the room, leaning his head on the wall once he was round the corner.
- Supernatural -
“I know,” Cas nodded, “which is why if it’s already this nice to simply be outside with you? We should do it more.”
Suddenly, Bobby reaches out and snags his arm. "If the answer is no…."
Amelia nodded, leaning forward to kiss Claire’s forehead. “It’s okay baby, it’s okay.”
“Doctor Novak-”
Dean never found any proof that
“Oh, it’s you.” The silence that followed was deafening.
Dean finished putting the last of the weights back in their rightful place before going to get something to clean with. After years of helping both his mom and Bobby clean up at work, Dean was quite used to it, so it didn’t take him all that long to finish.
“You get to choose who you work with?” asked Sam.
here?”
He focused on the last one. This didn’t change anything! Sam still hated him and John was still a dick. No matter what the journal said, that wouldn’t change.
“The Lord of the Rings, we are going to watch the first movie tonight and the second one next time. Hope you don’t mind seeing it again,” answered Dean.
Dean really, really wanted to say, “Show up and I will take your frigging head off!” but that would imply that this was a date. Which it wasn’t. So he gave the polite answer, “Sure, you’re welcome to show up.”
Cas.” He paused, but didn’t wait for an answer. “I knew it, you are a faggot! Growing up without a real man around messed you up more than I thought. With a mom like yours, I’m not surprised,” Sam scoffed, glaring down at Dean and shaking his head, “I mean she can’t even get a guy to stay! You should--”
“Sounds good,” Sam said, then the brothers bid their goodbyes.
and they had no right to take that away from him. So screw them.
Putting his shoes of the rack, Dean walked up to Castiel, put his hands around him to pull him into a kiss. “Nothing I couldn’t handle.”
“Screw this!” With that, Dean stood up and told his friend that he was leaving. Unfortunately, John noticed him when he was just about to reach the door.
“Is this Eileen?” asked Cas as he picked up one of the photos on the mantle. Coming up behind him, Dean rested his head on his shoulder to look down at the photo Cas was referring to.
“You did a great job,” Castiel commented, “she’s absolutely beautiful.”
"Ahh,” Sam nodded and shrugged in Charlie’s direction. “You are one of the geek squad. No wonder I didn't remember you."
“That’s a lie. It’s scary how he seems to know about everything that is going on sometimes,” said Dean, thankful that Castiel was trying to cheer him up. He still felt that he owed Castiel an apology, “I really am sorry, for Saturday night and then not meeting you at school. Did Benny and Jo fill you in on everything?”
His phone pinged from one of his pockets as he went back to join Charlie. Somehow, he wasn’t surprised at what he saw on it when he had dug it up.
“The Kenningston family just got their tree. Need your help getting it up on their roof. Don’t want to make Molly help me at seven months pregnant.”
At least this news seems to have brought all of his friends back to the real world.
Claire squeals with delight and nearly knocks him down with the force of her hug. Everyone bursts into congratulations. Sam muscles his way to Dean and pulls him into a tight embrace. Gabe produces a small packet of tissues, which Ellen and Amelia immediately grab.
Aside from the sign that said “Restaurant” above the door and the few picnic tables on the lawn next to it, there was nothing that indicated that you could find a restaurant here. There hadn’t even been a sign where you got off the main road.
If the clearing of the throat in front of them was any indication, Dean might have forgotten himself a little bit when Castiel returned the favor. “Sorry, Mom.” Wasting no time, Dean quickly grabbed the tray his mom had made for them in one hand and took Castiel’s hand in the other, starting to drag him away.
, man! You have to be here on time or it's not going to work!"
His stomach fluttered in excitement. A date night with Castiel was far overdue and he couldn’t wait until Cas was there. He’d spent the last two weeks asking all of the nurses and even some of his patient’s for good spots to go for a picnic, and a few people had told him about a secluded area by the river. Dean drove by and went on the short walk down to a grassy area near the water and instantly knew that he had to bring Cas there.
“Alright, are you ready for the best burger of your life?” Dean asked, pulling the keys free and smiling as Castiel’s eyes lit up. He nodded eagerly and Dean chuckled as he let himself out of the car, stopping at the front of it to wait for Castiel.
“Pie? Why do you have pie?” asked Dean as he walked slowly back towards the table as if the pie would disappear if he went too fast.
Jo and the others (everyone except Dean, of course) had gotten set of rules from Charlie;
Castiel ordered the same thing he had had last time, which was just a regular cheeseburger. After only a moment’s hesitation, Dean ended up ordering the bacon burger but without the onion rings. Thankfully, Castiel didn’t seem to notice how Krissy looked between them and said, “Good choice!” to Dean when he asked her to skip them.
“Like,” said Dean, as he seemed to mull over every feeling he had, “like rhubarb pie.”
, the curve of his nose and neck, and --
. You’re a hero.”
Dean could fall asleep again, just… like… this…
over at Tumblr) for looking over this for me. I couldn’t do this without them.
“Sorry, Mom always told me that you don’t add alcohol to already heated circumstances.”
“I want to see my son right now!” It was no mistaking John’s voice even though it sounded a lot more worried then Cas was used to and it came all the way from the other side of the hospital wing.
“No, we’re just going to finish our coffee,” he answered, dropping his card on top of the slip and waving away Castiel’s protest. “I got it,” Dean said, meeting Castiel’s eyes and giving him a warm smile. “You can pay at our next date.”
“So you wouldn’t mind if I showed up too?” asked Benny, with an evil glint in his eyes.
“I used to think it was big enough, but how you managed to take up the whole bed is a mystery to me.”
“Let me worry about Sam. Can we please just try? Because I’m a pretty good judge of character, and even though I haven’t known you long, I know we’re going to get along.”
Dean scowled, stopping mid step and turning to face the desk his brother was sitting at. “I’m not
“Fuck me, Cas.
He had just finished brushing his teeth when the alarm went off on his phone to remind him that he needed to go if he wanted to catch the bus to work. He quickly grabbed his phone and backpack before going downstairs, put his shoes on and grabbed his jacket on the way out the door.
“Thanks, Charlie. I have an hour detention after school today, but after that I’m free whenever.”
- Supernatural -
“Don’t laugh,” Castiel smiled sheepishly, “its been
"Morning, Sammy!" Dean said loudly. "Rough night?"
“No problem,” he answered honestly.
“Hey, Mom! Hey, Mrs. Tran! How is Kevin doing?” said Dean back as he turned to flip the sign.
“It was nothing Cas, I’m fine, I promise.” Dean brought the mug up to his lips and took a sip of the too hot liquid. He flashed him a smile - the one that makes the girls in the hospital cafeteria weak in the knees - to hide the grimace.
What surprised Dean the most was that Sam seemed to be one too. At least he could answer all the questions Castiel asked him, both about the film and the books.
“Oh grap, sorry Bobby!” called Dean back before facing Castiel again with a sheepish grin on his face. “Sorry, you just caught me off guard. I can get Bobby to look over your car, if you don’t want me to do it.”
Dean takes a deep breath.
Castiel’s face fell.
“Don’t remind me. Now get out of here,” said Sam before he walked over to his car. Maybe if he was lucky he would still catch his mom before she left for the next month.
He's been meticulous about everything, down to the last detail. He went back and forth with Claire, picking out the font and colors for the letters in texts, and Donna let him use the fancy printer over at Signs Unlimited. Ellen called in a favor from her florist friend over in Kansas City to get these super special flowers, and Amelia and Gabe picked the order up on their way into town. He dug the lights out of Sam's garage, and between himself and his friends Benny and Ash, they manhandled the trees into place.
“Are you just going to stare at me all day?” Dean challenged in mild frustration as Cas sat back on his heels, looking down at Dean spread out before him. Castiel simply smiled and kept their eyes locked as he stripped himself of his clothes.
Dean grinned and spread his legs further, making a show of bending over. "I suppose I could be persuaded." He said.
“No,” Casitel shook his head, “my brother Gabriel refuses to have a real tree. She just knows that I, uh, don’t usually decorate my home. It seems… fruitless to decorate when it’s just me, and I spend the holidays away from home.”
“What the…” Castiel squeaked, disorientated at the sudden change of position. He blinked up at Dean, hissing as Dean gingerly pulled his cock out of Castiel’s sensitive hole.
“Well,” Balthazar said, standing up, “if it gets too bad, you could always transfer the git.”
“Do you think I can talk Principal Crowley into letting me change in the girls changing room from now on? Jo is the only girl in class and I know she wouldn’t mind me being there,” asked Dean.
on the cover.
Dean gave himself a moment, letting both of them adjust, and then looked down to meet Cas’ eyes. He gave a tiny nod and Cas responded by lifting his legs, planting his feet flat on the ground and shifting Dean’s hips in the process, rocking him forward. Dean moved one hand behind him, placing it on Cas’ knee and using it to lift himself before slamming back down again. Cas let out a keening sound that had Dean’s heart leaping into his throat and heat pooling in his stomach, and he wanted nothing more than to hear him make that sound again.
. I will know if you touch any of those presents, Ron! And Santa will take them back!"
“Please give us a couple of hours, Sam.” Cas said through gritted teeth, sounding all composed still, and never once stopping his thrusts inside Dean.
They walked closer to the water, the slight breeze coming off it now that the trees were gone, would hopefully keep any bugs away. Dean placed the basket down and reached for the blanket, unfolding it and promptly getting it tangled. Cas laughed but reached forward, the two of them getting it straight and flat on the grass.
“Ahh, Daddy issues. Hey, you can join our club! We are still debating on the name of it but you’re welcome to join.”
“That, uh…” Dean trailed off with a moan as Castiel's teeth nipped at his shoulder, “that’s a damn good idea.” Dean threaded his fingers through Castiel’s hair and pulled him up and into a heated kiss before smirking and grabbing him by his belt loops, yanking as he spoke, “Bedroom’s this way.”
“Just the part about your mom. He didn’t say anything worse did he?” asked Castiel, and Dean was sure that Cas had not bought it when he shocked his head no. Thankfully he let it drop.
Dean sighed heavily. “I’m sorry, too. I probably shouldn’t have been so quick to get mad. It’s just... I can’t help but care for my patients’ wellbeing. Even former ones.” He glanced over, giving Cas a small smile.
“You said you aren’t married. Are you married?” He felt sick, hurt, betrayed. He’d trusted Cas.
“Two more exits, probably ten minutes. Think you can handle that?”
When they got to the kitchen, Sam was sitting on the table with his head held in his hands, groaning.
Thanks again to the two lovely ladies,
“Who the hell asked you?” asked John but Bobby acted like he couldn’t even hear him and made a beeline to the bed.
for always being there and keeping me sane (and for all the help with this fic, of course) and to
“Are you okay?” Dean asked, worried, “Did something happen?”
“Hey,” Charlie’s voice came through the sound of the water, “Maybe you can get Castiel to bite you.”
The fourth rule was that Dean and Castiel would have to sit next to each other. Preferably, with no one on their other sides. So, no sitting on the same couch as Dean.
“Here.” Balthazar hands him a pink Post-It with some barely-legible scribbling on it. “And come to think of it, you would take off a few hours early today. Compassionate leave, we’ll call it, since your aunt is downstairs in the emergency room.”
“It wouldn’t surprise me if Benny told him that last night. You’re lucky I needed a new friend, instead of my old ones,” joked Dean.
Well, that was a big ass lie if Dean ever told one. For all Dean knew, they were planning something against
long time. In fact, from the looks of it, the Winchesters seem to invite him on most of their family trips.” Mr. Devereaux clicked away, pictures flashing by them from family photos Castiel was in, standing smiling beside Sam. “Here they are in Hawaii and… then on Iceland.” A few more photos and a close up of Sam and Castiel taking a selfie in front of Disney Castle blew up on the screen. “Here is their trip to Disneyland.”
“Deaaaan, why do you hate me?” she whined, pouting out her bottom lip. “You don’t want to drink with me, you don’t want to talk to me… Here I thought you were the Frodo to my Sam! And now I find out that I’m the… I’m the… I’m you’re freaking
wonky or is it me?" Dean squints at the lights, glances up at the sky. It's almost dusk, and everyone but Sam is here. He's handed out all the signs, made sure everyone is in position and ready. It's got to be perfect.
"Dean?"
“Next time you decide to skip school, can you at least let me know where the hell you’re going so I don’t have to worry?” demanded Mary the second she saw Dean walk through the door of the coffee shop with Castiel behind him. Thankfully, the shop was mostly empty because Dean was pretty sure his mom would have yelled at him even
Dean glanced up to see Castiel watching him and he smiled, leaning forward. “Ready to get out of here?” Dean asked as Castiel finished off his coffee and nodded, sliding his trench coat on as he stood. Dean laid his hand on Castiel’s lower back, leading him out of the diner and back to the car. He opened Castiel’s door before moving around to slide into the driver’s seat.
Cas turned to him, wide eyed, as if only just registering his presence. "It's
"But I..."
“Oh, just you wait, Winchester,” Charlie smirked and hit him on the shoulder before standing up, “after I’m done with you two?” She grinned wide and pushed up off the ground. “He’s going to be the best man at your wedding!”
Dean sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes, slowly registering he wasn’t at home and had stayed the night at Cas’. The beeping wasn’t his alarm, or even his cell phone, it was Cas’ pager. And that meant there was an emergency.
What happened in fourth grade?
“Since Crowley doesn’t want a school full of pregnant girls, and most of you are sleeping with someone, you need
Thanks to everyone that has left kudos or comments, it's always fun to see what you guys think.
The two of them talked the whole way to Dean’s house. Dean would talk about cars and Castiel would talk about bees, that for some reason he was strangely fascinated by. They talked about everything from school, to work and to friends. Everything except Sam.
“Uncle Gabe brought Kali to Christmas last year when they were only dating,” she pressed on, “so wouldn’t that mean Uncle Cas can bring
“It was a pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Singer,” Dean heard Cas say and before Bobby could even reply he continued, “Is that an Impala? I always wanted to see one! Who owns it?”
Let me know what you think, all kudos and comments are loved!
“Hmm?” Castiel stacked empty flat box on top of bubble wrap, on top of empty flat box, only half listening. He was humming something under his breath, and Dean really wished he hadn’t opened this so that he could share the mood.
“Save your excuses, boy.” Ellen’s voice, although tight with pain, rings out strongly from behind Bobby who steps aside to let Dean near her. “Is this the length I have to go to now to see my surrogate son?” She gestures down at her ankle which is swollen purple and black and definitely looks broken in Dean’s opinion. He swallows hard at the thought of how much pain she must be in.
The three other shared a looked before Jo cleared her throat and said, “I hate to be the one to tell you this, but Dean is right, sorry.”
"I brought you breakfast in bed." Dean chuckled as Cas whipped his head to the side, taking in the now cold coffee and food on the table. Cas leaned up to kiss Dean firmly, before pushing him off and downing half of the coffee in one sip with a happy groan.
Castiel smiled, lifting a hand and running his fingers through Dean’s hair. He hummed softly, letting his eyes fall closed again and settling into the warmth Dean’s body provided. They had five minutes, possibly ten if the commercials were entertaining enough, and Castiel was going to take every second he could.
Behind them they heard Bobby offering to bring anything Mary and Dean might need. After assuring Mary that it was absolutely no problem for him to pick up new sets of clothes and a couple of other things to drop off in the morning, Bobby joined them at the door.
“Embarrassed?” Dean asked, glancing back up at the camera, then further up to see Cas coming back into the room, towel around his waist.
Dean grinned and pecked Cas once more before whispering out a soft "Good morning."
"Christmas is about giving, Dean," Cas replied, winking at him. "I promise you, they're not expecting anything."
Dean had no choice but to follow the man inside.
“No, I’m serious! I think I saw something.”
Dean ran a hand back through his hair and sighed. At least he had a week to decide what the heck to do...
“In the cabinet above the sink,” the man answered. “But you don’t have to-”
“Yeah, Jo and a few of the other nurses told me about this spot. They said it was great for a night out.” Dean gave his hand a squeeze and started to lead them up the road. Even though the sun was starting to set, Castiel could make out a path just a few yards in front of them. “I thought we would do something different. It’s a nice night out and I haven’t had you all to myself in what feels like forever.”
“Probably not,” Castiel replied with a small smile. He took a look around the foyer and turned his gaze back to Sam. “Your place looks nice, please don’t let Luc ruin it.”
“Black.” Remembering his manners, Dean quickly added, “Please.”
“Wait! You never told them? How am I the only one that knows?” asked Jo, eyes wide.
Dean?
It went unnoticed by her friends when Sam followed behind her a few minutes later.
“We got an A+ for our essay,” came Sam’s voice behind her.
know her! All his life, Dean had never typed as fast as he did his next text.
“Hey, Cas?” he started tentatively leaning back to look at Cas’ face. “Will you be my boyfriend? Like all exclusive and shit?”
Sam nodded, his eyes shining and he looked up away from the screen for a moment, worrying at his bottom lip. “Luc noticed the second time he was over that I had tried to put away some photographs. I didn’t want to make him uncomfortable, you know? But he, uh, he told me that it wasn’t necessary. That she was a part of me and my life and that meant she was important to him, too. He asked me to tell him about her.”
“No, he doesn’t know yet,” answered Dean. "Castiel and I talked about it last night. We don’t want him to hear about it from someone else, so Castiel going to tell Sam about us after school tomorrow. I just have to hope Sam doesn’t kill me after he finds out.”
“Sure you are,” answered Sam and it was clear he didn’t believe that for a second. “Look, can we just forget that happened and get back to work?”
"I'm sorry, do I know you? You look kind of familiar, are we in the same class or something?" Sam asked before a smug smile broke out on his face as he looked her over. "If you like, we could
Once everyone was situation, Dean half expected it to be chaos. And while there was a multitude of paper being tossed everywhere, Gabriel taking delight in balling up the wrapping to chuck it at each of his siblings, Dean and Sam in turn, it was actually the calmest Christmas Dean had ever been in. Since it was hosted at Castiel's house, Cas became the point man, picking out a present for everyone in attendance. Even the kids were patient, waiting until everyone had a gift to open before they were given the go ahead. Dean took on the role of picture taker, and made sure to get a picture of everyone with each gift after they were opened.
Dean glanced over and Cas nodded his head, giving Dean’s hand a squeeze.
I could never hate you but I still want to see the flash mob.
“No! It’s not. I only heard the end of that he was saying and it was not alright,” Castiel argued and Dean could tell that he really meant what he was saying. But how much had Castiel heard? Had he heard about Dean liking him or just that Dean was gay? Maybe he hadn’t even heard that…
“Haha,” Dean quipped, rolling his eyes. “I would kick you if I could.”
A short while later, Cas’s car came into view as Cas drove into the garage and parked it next to the Impala.
“Ha! Like I will believe that. You’re the new kid right? Novak, Cassiel or something.”
His mom watched him with thoughtful eyes as she reached for the pills and water. “Take this but if the pain gets any worse, you
“You’re so hot like this,” Cas whispered, resting his chin on Dean’s hip so he could look up his body. He smiled as Dean met his eyes and shivered at the look he found there. Cas’ lips brushed over his cock, but left him waiting, making Dean break his resolve to stay quiet and a loud moan burst from his lips. “You’re lucky this isn’t a very public place.”
“No, Dean, don’t go! Please, just… stay. Sit, okay?”
"This is ridiculous!"
Benny didn’t really disagree with Jo’s “Because I am hot!” statement, even though they all knew that was far from being the reason for their friendship.
******
Ignoring the logical part of his brain, Dean moved towards Cas and wrapped his arms around the shorter man, his now fully hard cock resting perfectly between Cas’ cheeks, separated only by the thin layer of his sweats. Dean nuzzled the junction of Cas’ neck and shoulder and slightly sucked on the skin there.
"No!"
After looking through all the photos, he got to the next entry.
The first thing he did when he got to his room was to look for his phone. He finally found it on his desk under the pile of clothes he had been wearing the day before. The messages app was still open when he unlocked the phone.
His disappointment was fleeting, as Jo came around the corner, shoving an intubation kit into his arms. “Trauma three, Winchester! We need a tube, now!”
Dean raked his fingers through his hair, shaking his head to clear his thoughts away. Not feeling well, my ass. He’s telling Ellen that he thinks Jo’s pregnant next time he gets around to visiting for dinner.
“No, not really,” Dean answered looking up at the ceiling. It was the safest place to look. There were no photos of smiling people or worried mothers there. “I don’t really remember it. I just remember someone jumping me on my way home and being driven somewhere. And— it gets a little foggy after that,” Dean said with a far away look in his eyes, before it was overtaken with confusion. “Was Cas there?”
“No, please stay. All of you! I mean, you already changed your plans to be here,” Dean forced a smile as he looked at Sam. He had to give his brother some credit for how fast he masked his shocked expression. But Dean still saw it. Now, if only his friends could wipe the shocked looks off of their faces, that would be great. “We just weren’t expecting so many people! But it’s fine, we can make room for all of you.”
“I told Donna that you changed your mind about the contest,” said Dean as he sat down next to her.
“Better than your plan! I told you, stealing his clothes is too predictable. But yeah, she agreed. Now all I have to do is get on her good side, that way I can split her and Dean up for good. That should teach him to leave my friends alone.” Sam rolled his eyes and then remembered. “Oh, by the way, you are going to have to leave Dean alone for a while.”
A less talented driver might’ve run them right off the road, but Dean managed to keep his hands on the wheel and stay focused as Cas' hand inched up and up. He took the very next exit toward home.
“Not in those words, no,” Dean agreed, staring back at the man.
hoped that Castiel wasn’t planning on taking him to one of the restaurants in Sam’s part of town. Not only were the prices through the roof, but Dean was fairly certain that none of his clothes would fit the dress code for those places. For all he knew, they all had like five different types of forks to use during a multiple course meal and he already knew if that was the case, he would end up making a complete fool of himself when - not if, when - he used the wrong one.
“Sure thing, honey.”
“What?” he asked, shaking his head. “What does that have to do with anything?”
“Did they just lock us in here?” asked Castiel. “Should we tell them that we have been together for days?”
Lowering his voice, Dean kept his eyes on Claire as he asked, “Speaking of Jimmy. The star with his name on it, why isn’t it sitting on top of the Christmas tree?”
“Do you know where ‘The Legacy’ is?”
"Since when is your room not big enough for the five of us?" Dean asked, clearly suspicious, at the same time as Ellen said, "Fine, but no dancing on the table again, Dean!"
"Is the second
“First? He’s
Dean hangs his head sheepishly. “That Castiel is a great boyfriend, huh?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shrugged. Truth be told, he was too nervous to really enjoy a meal anyway. But helping people, making them feel better—this was what he was made for. He stood and held out his hand. "C'mon."
Mary made it to the hospital shortly after John left. She was visibly upset, even more so after they told her what happened to Dean and then with John. Once all the drugs kicked in and Dean dozed off, Mary went to track down a staff member to get more information and an explanation as to why John had been called. Waiting in the room, Bobby sighed softly and glanced back up at the clock, waiting for Mary to return. After nearly half an hour, he got up to go to find her, knowing he would have to try to calm her down as best as he could.
. "God damn it!"
Before Sam could reply, Dean continued, “Anyway, I want you to play nice and officially meet my boyfriend, Castiel.” He glared at Sam, daring him to be an asshole about it. Thankfully, Sam seemed to take the hint and grinned kindly at Cas.
Dean did as he was told, sliding into one of the chairs in front of the breakfast bar. The kitchen was large, but simple, with a rustic, homey feel that made Dean feel slightly more relaxed. If he allowed his mind to wander, he could picture himself flipping pancakes at the stove, Castiel beside him in the early morning preparing their coffee, smiling at him sleepily. The realization that Dean wanted something like that nearly knocked him off the stool, and he was grateful for the beeping of the Keurig to pull him out of the dangerous thoughts.
“I’m sure your mother can confirm that?” Officer Kontos cleared his throat.
“It’s a good job I have my good old British stiff upper lip, or I might be quite wounded by your words.” Balthazar interrupted, smiling mischievously at his friend, before using his stethoscope to listen carefully to his chest.
, Dean. You can’t be serious?” Dean pinned her with a stare, making Charlie swallow back her giggles. She coughed, then licked her lips before asking, “Did Sam say they were dating?”
“Hey, Bobby!” called Dean when he opened the door to the garage. The small area that was used as the reception was empty so Dean put his backpack behind the counter and made his way to Bobby’s office. “Bobby, you in here?” he asked when he knocked on the door before opening it without waiting for an answer.
“Looks good to me.”
When he was naked, he ran his hands back up Dean’s thighs, pushing them open so he could lay between them and lean back up to kiss Dean’s lips. “I could,” he smirked, rolling his hips and pressing their hardened flesh together. “I could stare at you for hours. But…”
She turns to Dean and smacks him lightly on the arm as he studies her chart. “And while you’re at it, you can explain why the pair of you are suddenly turning up together. You haven’t been fighting, have you?” At Dean’s shake of his head and Sam’s stuttered protest, her eyes soften and she smiles. “Then you’ve made up then. That’s good. Nothing worse than fighting with family.” She rubs Dean’s arm encouragingly, looking up at him in that warm, familiar way of hers that makes him want to hug her and not let go. “You’ve done good, Dean. Don’t be a stranger to us. We want to be here for you.”
After saying his goodbyes, Dean hung up the phone and put it away. Making his way back into the living room, he sat on the floor next to Claire. “Find anything interesting?”
“…I won’t hide who I am. I’ve tried that before and I can’t--I won’t do it again. I’m not saying that you have to go tell everybody right now, but--”
“Oh, shut up!” Sam fired at him, jerking his head to the side to add, “besides, she’s not my girlfriend.” Sam turned back towards Charlie, opening his mouth to speak, but Charlie beat him to it, cutting him off with a hiss.
Words were overrated anyways. He rest his head back on Castiel’s chest, his eyes falling closed as he listened to the sound of his heart.
Dean gave Cas’ hands a squeeze in his own, smiling at him softly. “When you remember holidays with your brother, what's the first thing you remember? Is it the tree? The food or the decorations?”
At a particularly hard thrust to his prostate, Dean groaned loudly, spurring Sam into motion as he stumbled on his huge moose feet in a hurry to get out. Sam covered his ears and shouted something on the lines of ‘LALALA I can’t hear you LALALA’ until he left the house.
"She," Dean corrected. "Her name's Baby and she's the prettiest girl in town."
Once the soup was done, he dished it into to a bowl and took it into the living room. Castiel was slumped against the arm rest, blanket slipping down one of his shoulders.
It still blew his mind that Castiel chose him and continued to choose him. Dean was a hot mess, Cas had to tell him at least twice a week to pick up his dishes or his socks, and although it was never mentioned, he was sure Cas knew that their Tupperware continued to go missing because Dean left it in his locker at work for long enough that they needed to be bio-bagged instead of washed.
Meal times with the Novak-Crowley family was unlike anything Dean or Sam had ever been a part of. It was clear from the start that the siblings were all close, Michael and Lucas arguing respectfully over nearly
Dean was so busy picturing Jo kicking Alastair’s ass that he almost missed when Coach called out, “Benny Lafitte, Lucier Novak…” Dean high-fived his best friend as he heard Sam and his friend’s congratulating Lucifer, and then Uriel, behind him. Their group got so loud that Coach actually had to stop reading off his list and tell them all to, “Sit your damn asses down and shut up before I make you!”
Now that the two teams were ready, each captain walked over to their side of the gym and started giving out positions for everyone. Benny took his time going over to his end and made it clear he wasn’t all that happy with having to be ‘alone’ on the other team. “Think anyone will notice if we just stand in one corner the whole time?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t stop him sooner. I learned some time ago that I shouldn’t be ashamed of who I am or who my family is, so I didn’t see the point in stopping him. I didn’t think about how it might affect you if he started talking about Sam and his family. Are you alright, Dean?” asked Castiel.
They’d been driving for a while when Dean figured he should try to calculate how far away from town they’d gone. At the very least, it would keep him from thinking about how screwed he was -- that wasn’t helping him at all. He figured about ten minutes had gone by since he’d been taken. They drove for about another ten before the car started slowing down and eventually coming to a complete stop. The knot that had been forming in his stomach ever since he got taken just got a whole lot bigger.
Dean looked at him for a few minutes before turning away, glancing back at him to make sure he was following, somehow finding an empty corridor. Dean leaned back against the wall, watching Cas before starting to give Cas the updates on each of the patients. Cas listened, nodding each time when Dean seemed to be following the proper procedures.
Charlie stared for a moment, then burst out laughing. “Oh come
Dean involved. But the actual prospect of doing it? Or worrying since he woke up at the ass crack of dawn and started furiously cleaning Cas’ house as if it being slightly messy would be an inflection on
Aha! Castiel definitely
For once, life was good for Dean. Of course, all good things must come to an end; without fail, it all came crashing down.
“But I-” with a sigh Dean looked over the tables in search for Castiel one more time before picking up the tray and making his way over to the booth in the back. The booth looked empty from where Dean stood and he didn’t notice anyone sitting there until he was standing right next to it.
“Next date?” Castiel clicked his tongue as he leaned forward resting his crossed arms on the table. “How do you know there will be a next date, Dean?”
As he picked up his meds, the doorbell rang. Hoping the sound hadn’t woken up his mom, Dean called out, “I’m coming,” before walking back towards the front door.
As Castiel closed the car door, snow cascaded down on him. When had it started snowing? He had been so focused on Dean during the drive he hadn’t noticed. He took a deep breath, the cold stinging his lungs as the flakes gathered in his hair. Castiel grinned as Dean grasped his hand and started to jog towards the house.
"I know, right! I would banish her from the gang if we would still have access to the Roadhouse without her," Charlie nodded her head seriously before ducking away from the pillow Jo threw at her. "Lucky for her, I
, Mommy!”
“If you have doubts, it’s not the one.” He let it fall back against the stand and then clapped the pine needles free from his hands. “Alright, moving on!” He waved his arm forward, smiling as Castiel fell in step with him, their elbows brushing as they wandered to the end of the aisle.
this perfect man had fallen into his life just two days ago. But he never wanted this to end.
It was also Dean’s fault when Uriel ran into him and ended up on the floor, gripping his leg.
Hours later,the front door closed behind him and Dean sighed, his shoulder slumping against it. He felt like he missed out on something big, something that could have been big - something more. Cas was, well, Cas was everything. He was smart, sweet, funny - everything that Dean wasn’t, and more. Yet, Dean could see himself with Cas for the long haul. He could see himself settling down and making Cas his family. He wanted to try.
“You alright? Just a couple of steps to the car.”
Uncle and whatever happens with him
She started hacking on his shoulder, muttering ‘my precious’, until the smile Dean cracked was real.
Castiel reached down and threaded his fingers through Dean’s hair gripping it tight. He rocked back trying to take Dean’s tongue deeper but Dean gripped his inner thighs tight leaving no room to question who was in charge now.
“I like this view,” Dean commented as Castiel pushed up onto his knees to backwards crawl out from under the lower branches.
The next day, while he was waiting for class to start, Dean was sitting on the floor in front of the classroom with his legs stretched out and his notebook balancing on his knees. He was slowly sketching out a symbol he had seen on a piece of paper, though he couldn’t remember where.
"Why, Dean, I was coming downstairs anyway, no need to bring me breakfast in bed, you huge flirt." He drawled with a wiggle of his eyebrows. Dean just rolled his eyes in response, way too used to Gabe's flirtations by this point, and continued his way upstairs.
“Yeah, sure.” Dean hoped he sounded more casual than he was feeling.
“I am being a great salesman, actually,” Dean argued, glaring at Sam. “I am helping Castiel pick out a tree.”
“Yes, I would love some. Your baking is very good. Thank you, Mrs. Win--” Castiel seemed to have forgotten for a moment that Dean’s mom never became Mrs. Winchester. Since he was Sam best friend, Dean figured that he must know the real Mrs. Winchester.
“Yeah, I read them each the moment they came out. I tried to get my friends to read them but they said it was enough to watch the show! Let me tell you, it was so hard to watch and be the only one that knew what was going to happen.”
Again, thanks Lotrspnfangirl for all the help.
Dean gave a small laugh, looking up at Castiel again. “Just don’t tell him I told you that.”
“That’s so unfair of them! Why shouldn’t you get to talk about what makes you happy?” Castiel sounded so disappointed.
Dean was not in a good mood by noon on Tuesday when he sat down at the end the cafeteria table next to Benny. All of his friends were already there, except for Ash -- though that was nothing new. He was probably sleeping in a corner somewhere.
“It wasn’t your fault, you know, you need to stop blaming yourself.”
“Trouble in paradise already?” Balthazar asked, ignoring Cas’ glare.
I want to start by thanking everyone that has left kudos or comments, it's always fun to see what you guys think.
Dean gave a small laugh, looking over and meeting Cas’ eyes for a moment, before feeling himself blush. He considered for a moment slowing down, but shrugged. He knew Castiel was just as eager to get back to Dean’s place, too.
“I didn’t say that.”
“I’m telling you,” Dean said between laughs, glancing over to see his date cracking up, “Sam looked
“And leave me all alone with them? You would have to take me with you. Jo can just blindfold me,” Benny joked before getting serious again, “ No, somehow I don’t think he will allow that.”
“Come on, join me in the shower” he said and without waiting for an answer, pulled Castiel towards the shower.
. She absolutely loved everything he’d ever written. Not obsessively though, like some of the other girls in this school. Becky, for example, who had just turned around in her seat to take a long look at Castiel, blue eyes blow wide and her mouth open as she stared.
“Hey, Charlie! You mind taking this back to Dean for me before his detention is over? I have to be home before my mom gets there. I left the kitchen a mess this morning and if she sees it like that? She will have my head.”
After they had eaten and put away the dishes, Cas pulled Dean onto the couch. Dean was all up for a make out session when Cas said, “Let’s watch a movie.” With a wide, gummy smile- complete with a scrunchy nose and eye crinkles. Dean already knew that he would never be able to say no to that face.
“Oh, you flatterer,” Balthazar smiled. “I know that's not true, but bonus points to you for trying. Now… rest, and maybe you will be discharged tomorrow.”
“What did you just say? Did you just say ‘you’? As in, you like me?” asked Castiel, shocked.
“Night, Cas.”
“For the millionth time, they are not underwear models!” said Charlie defensively. “They’re-- You know what, never mind. Is Chuck Shurley really his dad?
Still, it wasn't like he meant to be admitted to the hospital for a horrid infection in his lungs. It's really his overbearing, older brother Luc's fault; the elder Novak really just knew that Castiel overworked himself and was stubborn as a mule. The stubbornness ran in their family - it’s what made Lucifer such a great lawyer and allowed Castiel to rise quickly through the ranks at the hospital to become the medical director, despite still being relatively young. But, Castiel would have been fine on his own; Castiel was taking care of it! How was he supposed to know that laughing about Luc getting all bent out of shape over which tie to wear on his date with some new partner at his law firm would result in him coughing so hard he'd pass out?
- Supernatural -
Cas’ tone had him glancing back at him, inwardly cringing at the hard stare he received from Cas. Before he had a chance to reply, Cas stood up and walked away without another word, leaving Dean to watch helplessly.
They fell into silence once more, both of them enjoying the other’s presence and the calm around them. The path twisted slightly, the trees fanning and thinning out into a grassy area. Ahead of them was the river, the tide high for this time of year and the water rushing by and adding to the symphony.
After taking care of business and brushing his teeth, he made his way to join the others, only barely managing to sidestep back into the bedroom before both the boys ran into him, giggling in their excitement for the movie. As he made his way downstairs, still in his pajamas, he was met by Claire and the most wonderful smell in the world. Coffee.
friend,” he added as he sat down next to the girls and buried his face in Charlie’s hair as she hugged him. He would do anything to not have to watch Castiel walk out the door.
“Look, it’s not my place to tell you this but... I think you deserve some explanation why he said that. Just promise me not to say anything to anyone, especially Sam?”
He was going to lose his license, he would never practice medicine again. If Cas could fire him, and his older brother was a lawyer, they could definitely revoke his medical license. And for that matter, Sam is sleeping with Cas’ brother anyway - and they just got to speaking again, so Dean would be a dumbass to even fuck that up again.
“I’m not worried about
Walking towards the nurse’s station, he spotted Jo leaning against the counter and bit back the expression of fuck my life. Jo
fond of creampies?” Castiel teased, enjoying the way Dean’s pink cheeks made his freckles more prominent. “Well,” he quirked a brow, “enquiring minds want to know?”
"No." Cas' eyes snapped open and he covered Dean's hands with his own. "I was really looking forward to this."
Claire gave half a shrug, glancing across the room at Dean before nodding her head.
“Any luck?” Dean asked, giving Castiel a smile and loving the one he received in return.
Dean wiped his brow with the back of his hand, slid down the wall, and slumped onto the floor. This was his first major incident since becoming a fully-fledged doctor, and it had been an exhausting few hours. He wasn’t sure how many patients he had seen - some with minor injuries, some seriously hurt - but he had definitely saved the life of at least one, and none had died under his care. Now finally the shift was over, and Dean felt a satisfaction that the hospital had dealt with everyone professionally, and with the utmost care.
With that, Sam turned around and walked away.
“Relax, honey. Here, try these on.”
“Why are you so late? I was starting to think you were going to leave me to die of boredom all alone,” said Charlie dramatically as Dean drew his stool out from under the table.
“Guys, there is enough for everybody! Didn’t you need to leave?” asked Castiel with laughter in his voice as he put the last piece on a plate for Charlie.
year, and Dean was glad when he looked over to see Sam relaxed in his chair, cutting up Anna and Fergus' son, Gavin's, French toast while the parents were busy trying to get Sasha to eat in her high chair. At the end of the table, sitting beside Claire, Ronald was nearly vibrating in his seat, shoveling his food in as fast as he could so he could be excused to go and open his stocking.
Dean gasped, his body jerking and Cas called it, whispering, “Come on, come for me Dean. I want to feel you fall apart.”
number one, two and three: NO talking about Sam or John Winchester!
“You won’t return my calls, so if the mountain won’t come to Mohammed…” Sam interrupted. “You can’t ignore me forever, you know,” he continued, before noticing Castiel in the bed. “Oh, hey there Castiel. You’re still sick?”
“Yes, its with him and I don’t know where. It’s driving me crazy!” Dean said as he threw the shirts on the growing pile and turned to find something else.
"Let me be the judge of that." Dean remembered times like these when he was younger, driving Sam around, trying to rid his baby brother of teenage angst. God, could that kid angst. He pointed to the glove box. "Why don't you put on some tunes?"
long to answer the door... He was about to close the door when he noticed something lying on the front step.
But it wasn’t fine. The article was never published.
As they placed the final couch, Jo insisting it was for Benny to stretch out on so he wouldn’t take up too much of any one’s space while he tried to get comfortable. She glanced at the couches, knowing there would be enough room for all of them and even if Gabriel took one of the loveseats, since he didn’t know about operation D.E.S.T.I.E.L, Dean would still be able to sit beside Castiel or vice versa.
“And here I was trying to be considerate. Not all of us sleep like the dead you know,” Mary said with a sigh, “I still have nightmares from when you used to sleep in my bed.”
“AP Lit?” Charlie asked, trying to think of which classes she had with Sam. They were together in Algebra but the only class he would’ve had to sign up for would be advanced Literature…
“Oh,” Dean said, looking to her in surprise, “I… well, I don’t think so. It's a family day and I’m sure-”
His chest felt tight. He felt hot. Sweaty, clammy, shaky, He couldn’t breathe. Holy fuck, Dean was having a heart attack. He flexed his left arm, shaking the tingly feeling out of his fingers from gripping the steering wheel so hard. He worked way too damn hard to get where he was, he couldn’t jeopordise that just because he couldn’t keep it in his pants.
“Now, I don’t know why you said your mom doesn’t want me to be happy, but I can tell you first hand… Your mom and Uncle Gabe are usually the ones harassing me to date. Of course your mom wants me to be happy, just like she wants Uncle Gabe and Auntie Anna, Uncle Michael and Uncle Lucas to be, too.
“I’m not leaving until I find out what happened. So somebody better start talking.”
“This is a devil’s trap?” Dean asked, cocking the notebook to look at it from a different angle. “Huh, good to know... It might come in handy someday since I’m pretty sure some people in the school are possessed.” Dean chuckled to himself and glanced up at Castiel with a slight shake of his head. No sense in making his new friend think he’s a freak. “No, I saw it somewhere, probably in one of Jo’s books or something, and I thought it was cool.”
“Fucking Bella,” said Mary, having heard Gabriel over the phone.
Doctor Winchester. Dean Winchester, MD. He couldn’t help but touch his shiny name badge, proudly pinned to his clean pressed doctor’s coat. Man. He did it, and he’s got the student loans to prove it, but most importantly, his badge has him as a full fledged doctor now, not just a resident. He did the time, put in the work, and now he’s here, about to greet his first patient of the day.
Charlie smiled and reached over to squeeze his arm, knowing that Dean was not usually one to talk about
“Creampies, Cas,” Dean’s nails dug into the meat of Castiel’s ass, spreading his cheeks apart. “But instead of telling you
“It took me forever to come out. Our upbringing, the town we lived in, it was not really conducive to that kind of revelation. Daphne liked me, and Jimmy was besotted with Amelia. I guess I thought it would be fine. That I’d grow to love her. We had a huge family growing up, and the idea of starting a tightly knit family unit with my twin in our hometown… I don’t know, it was appealing.”
“I swear, this is the stupidest thing you’ve ever done!” Dean heard when the voices were close enough to be clear. He knew he should’ve been able to recognize who the voice belonged to, though he didn’t remember hearing it so irritated before, but his head was all foggy. “Who in their right mind drives to the middle of nowhere because they got a message from an
“What the hell are you people waiting for? Go over to your teams!”
It didn’t help that before John left, he had been a nice young man that didn’t have much, but when he came back he was a cold, rich businessman who seemed to have it all.
“And to what do we owe that smile?”
Dean didn’t know what he had been expecting when he walked into the barn, but it certainly wasn’t this. He was in heaven, or a car heaven at least. Everywhere he looked he could see some part of a car. There weren’t many tables inside, but all of them were made using car-hoods or some other spare parts, and every single chair was fashioned from old car seats. In some places, car doors were soldered together and used to add a sense of privacy around the tables. Even old headlights were used to light up the room. License plates were hung all over the walls and ‘Highway to Hell’ was playing in the background.
Claire’s eyes widened and she broke out into a wide smile, turning her head to look at her mom. “Uncle Cas has a
“So where am I heading?” asked Castiel when Dean had made himself comfortable.
Those four short words short circuited Dean’s brain. All the possibilities of what they could mean rattled around inside his head. Did Cas want to come over for a cup of coffee? A night cap? Watch a movie? Or...
Dean was quiet for a moment, thinking. Did he remember anything that actually happened? He could’ve sworn he saw his da--
Ash looked deep in thought before he said, “I still don’t get why you were looking at gay porn.”
“Doctor Winchester?” Castiel attempted nonchalance, but he was certain that Balthazar could see right through him. “I have no preference towards him or any doctor, I just want to get out of here.”
An hour after getting out of bed, he was standing in front of his mirror holding a red shirt in one hand and a white on in the other, desperately trying to figure out which one to wear. He nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard, “Who are you and what the hell have you done to my kid?” behind him.
“I’m sorry. I haven’t seen any of them... I have read the books if that helps!” Castiel gave a small smile, clearly embarrassed.
“I don’t know.” Cas couldn’t take his eyes off the bruise around Dean’s left eye. It was a lot darker than the rest of the bruises on him and Cas couldn’t remember seeing a bruise this bad since he was six and Sam had jumped down off a roof pretending to be Superman. “Do you think Sam had anything to do with this?”
“When I was a kid, we didn’t really have holiday celebrations,” Dean started softly. “Sam and I did what we could… we lost our mom when we were young, and Dad was deployed a lot until he retired. Christmases just weren’t the same without him around, and whoever we were staying with would try but…” Dean shook his head. “When he was home, Dad was too busy with the shop and Sam and I told him we didn’t need a big celebration. A good home cooked meal and having Dad home was enough for us both.
As Castiel once again turned around, he laid eyes on the only nurse that had been willing to tell them anything regarding Dean. Making a straight line towards her he asked “Anything?”
“Ellen,
“Look honey, I know you don’t remember much but--” The rumbling of Dean’s stomach cut Mary off. “Oh! You must be starving!” Pushing up from the air mattress, she reached for her purse and dug through for her phone, handing it up to Dean. ”I will go make you something to eat and in the meantime, you should let your friends know you’re awake. Your phone got smashed yesterday, so you can use mine until I can get you a new one.” She smiled and kissed the top of his head before turning for the door. “I’ll be right back.”
Finding Charlie had never been hard for Dean. He knew all of the spots she liked to hang at and knew which ones to go to depending on her state of mind. After one quick stop, he found her exactly where he thought he would. She was sitting on the floor, back up against the fantasy shelf in the library, with her knees drawn up and her sleeves pulled over her fingers. It was a sure sign that she was hurting. She was so deep into
“Absolutely not. He’s much better. In fact, I sent him home an hour ago. I got so sick of his whining and complaining that I couldn’t stand it another second.”
“Ho-how bad is it?” His heart was beating like crazy as he waited for an answer. Surely Cas and Charlie would’ve been more upset if it had been life-threatening? But what if no one had told them how bad it was yet… Sam swallowed hard and wondered if this was why his dad had run out of the house last night like a mad man. Though, for the life of him, Sam couldn’t figure out
“What do we do with him?” asked the voice on the ground next to him.
She poked her finger right against Dean's sternum and Dean fought to not wince. “What the hell are you doing keeping the Medical Director for more observation? He's ready to go home.”
