“Tony,” Rhodey cut him off, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I love you. And if you would actually talk to a therapist about anything – literally anything at all – I would buy you every Captain America poster, action figure, and lunch box ever made.”
“My team has the mission specs if you decide to join us,” May acknowledged. She inclined her head slightly toward Skye, who started packing up her equipment. “The bus leaves at 1800.”
With each successive year, the Avengers pumpkin-carving contests had gotten increasingly competitive. Tony supposed he should have seen it coming, really, given the imbalance between their team members’ fine motor skills (literally lethal) and their sense of reasonable perspective (practically incompatible with civilian life). Sure, Thor’s attention usually wandered fairly early in the game, from scooping out seeds to refilling everyone’s beer (the man was a hopeless sucker for pumpkin stout). But Steve was an artist, Bruce worked with delicate lab equipment all day, Clint could bulls-eye a gourd from the length of a football field, and Natasha was like a Renaissance sculptor with a blade.
“We could do that thing we tried last week, with the carabineers and the jump rope – or that position from last night, where you used the back of the couch to...” He illustrated with another hitch of his eyebrows. “That put me right to sleep.”
“It wasn’t for a break, Tony,” Steve sighed, a deep flush burning over his face. “I was getting you flowers.”
“Point of order,” a voice interjected, and Tony’s head whipped toward the source, because he’d be damned if that hadn’t sounded exactly like –
“And by 'take me to bed,'” Tony continued when they pulled apart. “I mean literally: do you think you could get me upstairs before I pass out? Because believe me, at any other moment I would be stripping that undersized tee-shirt off you with my teeth, but since I’m currently seeing two of those spicy little Under Armour numbers – I assume you have them custom made somewhere and then ask them to subtract an inch off of every measurement – I think maybe I should wait to ravish you until I can feel all my fingers and toes.”
“Hands on your head, Rumlow,” he snapped, all the fury he had had to contain during the interrogation flooding into his voice. He tucked Ward’s gun into the holster on his belt. “If you move a fucking muscle, I will put your face through the wall. I’m taking Tony, and we’re getting out of here.”
Tony turned, surprise flashing across his face again. And that wouldn’t do, so Steve pulled Tony gently toward him. Tony relaxed into his chest with a sigh, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist as Steve nestled Tony’s head against his chin. He traced his fingers lightly across the back of Tony’s neck and into his hair, breathing in the smell of coconut from his shampoo, the hint of motor oil that meant he’d been checking on the bots when he visited the workshop.
“So what cat has got your normally unstoppable tongue, Barton?” Tony asked Clint as soon as the team was alone. Clint glared at him for a moment, looking as if he were considering a flat denial, but then he sighed, his shoulders sagging.
“Sure, Rogers. Fine. Whatever you want. No need for the two week’s notice: don’t let the door hit you on the way out.”
Pepper laughed. She turned away from her computer and leaned her elbow on her desk. "Decisions are made by those who show up."
“What was more likely, my ass,” Tony had grumbled, earning a pat on the shoulder and a “you tell him, man,” from Clint.
“God, Tony, this is exactly what I’m talking about! I wasn’t trying to quit, and you definitely shouldn’t let me. Someone took a shot at you last week! Your
“That’s true,” Natasha confirmed. “We used to have a betting pool at SHIELD about how many field injuries Barton would rack up in a month.”
“What do you want, Romanov?” Tony continued. “Did Thor light the microwave on fire again? I told him he can’t keep demonstrating his worthiness by using the hammer to speed-nuke Hot Pockets.”
Frankly, it was a sign of how dire Tony’s situation had become that he’d noticed “morose” before “hot” — identifying the sad little wrinkle in the middle of Steve’s forehead even before he checked out how criminally good Steve’s ass was managing to look in a pair of second-hand jeans. Being attracted to your roommate was bad enough without starting to feel anxious about whether he was dreading going to this party with you. Or maybe worrying about him a
“You should have seen him getting a drink from Nat at your party,” Steve chuckled. “She was pulling out all the stops. He looked like he’d been hit by a bus.”
Tony gently shuffled the papers out of their protective sleeve, laying them flat on the table so he could snap a photo of each one with his phone. When he got to the third sheet in the pile, he came across more names to add to his notes: “Abraham Erksine,” who appeared to be the author of the notes; “Chester Phillips,” whose name Tony recognized as belonging to a colonel who had been briefly attached to Camp Lehigh; a U.S. senator named “Craig Brandt”; and a couple of private soldiers by the names of “Gilmore Hodge” and “Steven Rogers.”
There was no request that Steve had longed more painfully to hear, and to receive it now, when he was rapidly losing all power to obey, was worse than any blow the HYDRA guard had managed to land. Steve had spent months trying to imagine his way back to Tony – tracing every moment when he could have made a different choice. When the nights got long, he ran through each one in his mind like stops on a train: one millimeter closer here, two drinks braver there, and maybe the sliding doors would have stayed open, instead of slamming shut with a horrible, metallic clang.
“I’m still going to be really pissed about this when you survive,” Tony ground out, moving into place at the circuit breaker without taking his eyes off Steve.
; pretty soon it’s one, two, five minutes after the deadline, but Tony still doesn’t make a move, Steve keeps holding his hand tight, and then almost simultaneously they’re kissing again, their bodies morph into one and neither of them looks at the clock’s projection on the ceiling anymore. Eventually they fall asleep – or, better, they doze off, burned out, not having eaten anything for pretty much the whole day – Steve hugging Tony from behind, holding him tight against his body as if afraid someone might come in and snitch him away if he only let go a tiny bit.
election. Upon reading it, he shakes his head to himself: he’s scheduled to talk to each and every rally, personally introducing the President.
, he thinks, his eyes already surveying the room to spot the long counter, and it’s right in this moment that they land on another person who, just like him, looks a little out of place, indecisive whether remaining and taking the chance – of a dance, an encounter, a kiss – or going and calling it a night. The guy is quite scrawny and skinny, it doesn’t feel like he
“I’m sorry, I haven’t gotten you anything, I thought…” he starts, although he doesn’t continue because what he was about to say was something along the lines of ‘we were only having sex’, which, he realizes now, was indeed an idiotic thought to have entertained. After everything they’ve gone through? How can there possibly be sex without even just a strand of feelings attached? Steve is right, he can really be dumb sometimes.
When he finally comes around, a solid hour has gone by, but his headache gently reminds him of its presence the moment he opens his eyes, thus realizing he’s in the sick bay of their new base. He groans lowly, sitting up for a couple of seconds before carefully throwing his legs off the bed to stand up, and of course the room starts immediately spinning around him, so fast that he has to stretch a hand to the wall in order to steady himself and not fall on the floor. He does a brief scan of his surroundings, soon gathering that he’s the only one here, a realization that is accompanied by the dreadful feeling of his stomach turning upside down. His first coherent thought goes to Steve, as usual, and it doesn’t take long before images of the past night come up in his mind: the youth homeless shelter, the workshop about self-defense, and then the dark alley, the drug courier trying to recruit kids, Tony spotting him and phoning the police, only at that point other three or four thugs seemed to appear out of nowhere, managing to catch him off guard. He had tried to keep them at bay but they seemed to be
they are headed to, neither of them has any idea, but after all, what does it matter? It’s not like it would make a difference anyway. They’re not on Earth anymore. Maybe they are
Ouch. That hit home. Because of course, he’s right. Which makes it harder to admit. He doesn’t like to lose an argument,
– he really couldn’t believe how much he managed to fit inside the Iron Man this time – he didn’t stop at that, adding a few
the task is going to be. This is Steve Rogers, one of the thickest persons he’s ever known, which is only made worse by the fact that from time to time he still seems to somehow forget he’s living in the twenty-first century now, despite having been in this era for quite some time.
Steve and Tony exchange a concerned look, neither of them quite grasping the extent of what the being is implying. And for the first time, a human expression shows up in its words.
. They can have silences, it’s not awkward or a sign that things aren’t going well. If anything, it’s comforting. Here they are, on a fake date, laughing and talking and having a good time as if they were two regular friends living a regular life – something that Steve really misses at times, although he never says it out loud, not just because he doesn’t want people to take it as a weakness, but especially because it would scare him to have it in the open, a secret fantasy that cannot be transformed in reality.
The guy is about to reply something far less kind, when a familiar voice makes them both stop and turn towards her: “Tony?”
She’s not sold, of course, but pretends to be. “Okay, well, if you need anything – and I mean it – you know where to find us. Don’t be a stranger, Steve.”
Which is a masterpiece of understatement. Their camp is gone, there are flames and debris everywhere. Grabbing the hand offered, Steve manages to get back on his feet and starts calling the others on the comms, but his voice reaches Tony’s ears a bit muffled. Through his helmet, he’s scanning the surroundings to find the source of the attack. It doesn’t take long – being in the middle of the cold tundra helps, the heat signatures are impossible to miss – and once his visor shows the targets are locked, he wastes no time loading up his firepower. All of a sudden, a blind rage seems to have gained control of him. Where was it until now, he doesn’t really know, but once that it’s out there, it seems unstoppable. His only goal is revenge.
Hearing his name slurred out in such pain hurts his heart more than the truth contained in his other words does. He turns to look at Steve, kissing his hand again, and runs his fingers through his short, blonde hair now sticky on the account of sweat and blood, sighing before answering: “Because at the end of the day, we were both foolish enough to believe the other would come around. And when neither of us did, we were just too damn proud to admit it wasn’t worth it.”
“You mean whoever is left? Nat and Sam are finishing up training, I don’t know the others, but… We weren’t… exactly expecting you. What are you doing here?” A shadow falls over Tony’s face as hearing this question, and although it lasts only a moment his friend is able to detect it anyway because he gestures for them to go sit down while rewording his question: “I mean… Last I heard from you was what, eight or nine months ago? Then next thing I know you’ve become the new Secretary of Defense and I learn that from the news. How did
As he hears these words, Steve automatically relaxes his posture, letting a long and loud sigh of relief go; Tony would actually burst in laughter if it was up to him because the whole scene was comical to say the least.
he had missed that laugh. “I’m just renting the place, and it came furnished. Not everyone can afford to buy everything they want nowadays. Or to go off the radar for a whole year, for that matter.”
“Sounds good. Enjoy the rest of your evening, guys. Tony. Steve.” he says bye, and the moment after he’s disappeared into an orange circle.
And although Tony is plain confused by that answer, he does as he is told, figuring there’s no harm in following that, not when Steve is right in front of him to protect him was something to suddenly explode or a threat to fall off the sky out of nowhere.
It’s almost six pm on Christmas Eve and although Tony has someplace to be downtown Manhattan (more than one to be fair, but you get the gist), he is still sitting in the kind of garage that has been serving as his lab since the Avengers have found their new location in this cave/mountain upstate New York. He’ll get to the party (part
“Hey, man, it’s really starting to come down out there,” he said apologetically. “Boss says we’ve got to close up shop.”
It was a rare night with just the two of them at the Tower. Steve was in his fifth week on the road, Clint and Natasha were off on a SHIELD mission, and Thor had brought Bruce out to New Mexico to meet Jane and consult on her new project. Rhodey had come by to check out some upgrades Tony was making to the War Machine armor and had stayed for a beer in what had informally become the team common room.
Steve hesitated momentarily, reviewing the terms of the truce, and then joined Tony on the couch. He let his head fall back against the cushions, the muscles in his shoulders gradually relaxing as Tony surfed through the channels.
The past month had been hard on the whole team: at several points, the calls to assemble had gotten so frequent that even Thor admitted he wouldn’t mind a few days off to catch up on
“Tony,” Steve managed, ignoring the screaming protest in his head and torso as he lurched into a sitting position so he could scan Tony’s face. He traced one thumb shakily over Tony’s temple, just next to the angry gash across his eyebrow. Tony squeezed his eyes shut as if in pain.
“Probably-soon-but-definitely-not-yet-Agent Skye has been tracing broadcast signals to help us get a lock on possible locations for the Mandarin’s hideouts,” Fury cut in. A personnel file was suddenly projected over the table, accompanied by the photo of a young man with curly brown hair and wire-rimmed glasses. “Agent Harrison was on assignment monitoring the Mandarin’s network, but he went missing shortly after his first report, and we suspect that he may have been taken for interrogation. We need to extract him, and Skye has been identifying our targets.”
But losing this round didn’t mean Tony was going to stop deflecting. He was certainly not, for example, going to reflect on why he had saved all of the photos from Steve’s road trip onto his backup drives – or to examine whether his motivations for doing so might perhaps go deeper than his stated aim: to make a slide presentation, entitled “Why Cap Needs a Personal Shopper,” to be shown at the next Avengers meeting. He knew better to pull on that particular thread. Pepper had told him he was reckless with his safety, but even Tony understood that if brushing against the doorknob burns your fingers, you leave that door firmly closed – because chances are everything on the other side is on fire.
“Keep up the search, Rhodey,” Tony continued finally, a frown forming as he watched Steve’s posture stiffen even further. “And ask Banner to make inquiries with the healers beyond the castle walls – see if they’ve dressed any wounded torsos for men who seemed shy of court.”
Steve was interrupted by an eruption of chimes from the grandfather clock next to him. He looked over to see the small hand tick toward the ornate number eleven, each hour punctuated with a hollow strike of the brass rods. Just as the clock reached its final toll, a cold wind blew through the entryway, whipping at the hem of Steve’s trench coat and shutting the front doors with a slam.
Tony dug his laptop out of his bag and started it up. Dummy ran up and down his sleeves while Tony navigated to the faculty calendar. He scrolled through, but apparently Dr. Grant knew enough about digital security to have unclicked the
Steve had downplayed the incident in the report that Tony hadn’t read, so Tony was instantly on alert when he saw the tense hunch of Steve’s shoulders and the iron grip he had on the edge of the counter. The water in the sink was running, hot enough to raise a small cloud of steam, but Steve seemed to have forgotten about it. He gave no notice of Tony’s approach, a slow flexing of his fingers the only sign of movement Tony could detect.
“Maybe we can postpone the competitive math until after the briefing?” he suggested, and without waiting for a response, he opened the door and led the way into the conference room.
“I thought you’d be happy to not have to deal with me for a while” he hears himself replying, and his sarcastic tone can only do so much right now.
“Wasp, see if you can find some other hidden spot or anything like that. We still have to look for that ring. Thor,
“Jesus, Tony, I didn’t know… just how dramatic you can be sometimes…” a feeble voice says all of a sudden, and for the first few seconds he’s one hundred percent sure that he has imagined it. He must have, right? He blinks some wetness off his eyes before throwing a tentative glance upwards, and sure enough, Steve is attempting a smile in his direction.
“OH. MY. GOD.” Tony interrupts him abruptly, eyes doubled in size, his voice just a mere decibels away from being an actual scream. He can’t believe Steve
“Well, maybe you ain’t that shy after all…” comes the comment, and he hates it so much because this is
“You’re gonna pay for this…” he groans, slipping a hand down his trousers to hold himself, and although in a normal situation he would be embarrassed, he simply doesn’t have the energy to hide away right now. “Where are you going?”
back towards the bedroom, skirting the few debriefs scattered next to the safe as well as he can, ignoring the burn he feels when his foot lands on a piece of glass. Once inside, he shuts the door and lets himself go against it, slowly sinking on the ground, crossing his arms over his bent knees and leaning his chin on them, trying to make sense of what the hell has just happened.
There’s a knock on the door, and instinctively he shoves the drawer closed again, as if he was hiding some secret (which, in a metaphorical way, he is). He clears his throat, stands up and goes to open it. Steve is there, the expression on his face not that different from his own: sunken eyes and heavy heart, lips that haven’t smiled in too long a time to remember what it actually
Steve resumes what he calls his ‘daily job’, running the local VA Monday to Friday until 6pm, when he gets back home and shows Tony his neighborhood first and, as the days pass by, pretty much the whole of Brooklyn – the nice parts, that is. As it turns out, both of them are quick walkers, which ables them to cover a lot of ground in a relatively short amount of time. As always, Tony is an eager listener and asks lots of questions, about history and people and politics, and no matter how much Steve tells him, he seems to be able to retain
“Woah, what was that?” Hank’s voice reaches his ears so suddenly that it almost makes him jump out of his skin. He slightly turn to face Ant-Man, now holding a small tool box under his arm.
“You’ve been busy…” comments Hank, nodding towards the armor before extending a hand forward. Tony takes it and shakes it, then does the same with everyone else, again to avoid silly misunderstandings.
It’s been two or three weeks since they’ve seen each other in the flesh – oh, how he hates it that he can’t tell for sure how
he’s got to lose this kid forever, and whenever he thinks about that time when he thought he was dead, after Thanos’ snap, he has to tell himself that a part of him always knew it couldn’t be permanent. That no matter the cost, he would bring him back. He would bring
. “… being back on Earth. I mean, I know that I wasn’t gone that long, but I’ve seen alien species, so many, and also a talking
It’s 6:50 when he hears a knock on the door, which prompts a shake of his head as he grabs his shirt and wears it, buttoning it almost all the way up and leaving the top two holes undone.
he reminds himself, but there’s no way he can shake off the feeling that, going away, has in some way betrayed Steve, and that’s what is now gnawing at him.
alive, so…” Steve blabbers, not really knowing what to make of this weird conversation that keeps getting even stranger, but then something else catches his attention: “Hold on, how do
that works – and you… I don’t know, you can grow your beard again, you seem to dig the whole… lumberjack look anyway.”
But as it turns out, Jean needs to input from him to press that button. Once she finishes emptying the till into the bag and passes it over to the robber, Tony detects her free hand casually stopping against the edge of the counter for just a fraction of a second before reuniting with her other one, still holding the bag.
“Yeah, nothing further from that...” Tony giggles, feeling his companion already freezing right next to him, “Steve here was trying to win a ferocious fight against his boring haircut.”
“You know… New Hampshire is a long way drive…” he murmurs, trying to sound flirty but quite failing at it.
They tell you that you make your own luck, or that there’s such a thing as destiny, but he doesn’t think it’s true. For the most part, you’re born into an already designed pattern that your family and ancestors prepared for you, and in it there’s just a tiny wriggling room for you to make your decisions. His own was a tad more physical than most people’s – it being an actual cave and all – but that doesn’t alter the fact that ending up in there has been the single defining event in his whole life. If that hadn’t happened, he would have probably stayed an arm manufacturer till his death, never become a superhero, never fought ‘villains’, possibly never even met gods or aliens or talking animals (although he can’t possibly be sure about this last part). But a smartass had decided it was a solid deal to kidnap him, so in a hot, damp, subterranean refuge he had found himself coming up with an idea that would change everything.
. Still, he’ll do it, as a firm believer of putting yourself into someone else’s shoes. He glances over again, and a small smile appears on his face. Yeah, he really hopes Tony will let him be his friend. God knows they both need one.
Tony nods and looks around, trying to think about what to say next, but soon enough his mind notices how
“Hello dear…” he sighs softly, finally leaving Steve’s arm to stand on his own, putting a couple of steps down to reach for it, to pass his weak fingers across the metal, caressing its smooth surface, resembling so much what Steve himself had done a couple of days before, although he has no way of knowing this. “Dad’s here now.”
“Hey…” Steve smiles, spotting him on the porch and unlocking the security pin, but before he can add anything else (or even open the door wider than a foot) Tony slides inside and shuts it close again, sliding the lock on and taking a deep breath of relief.
“Steve… Dating and being in a relationship with someone… not necessarily the same thing these days. I thought I had made that clear when we talked about… marriage proposal.”
It’s only when the head physician starts shaking him by his arms that he opens his eyes again, regaining a sense of himself and his surroundings.
what I told him, but he seems to think that you’ll go along with it. ‘For the country’s sake’, that’s how he put it.”
“I’m gonna cum!” Mark groans, and a moment later he does, going stiff against his body. Steve briefly closes his eyes, as if to give the other some privacy – they’re strangers after all – then he quickly pulls out of him, taking a step back, heart beating fast against his chest, for reasons unknown to him. And all of a sudden, he feels the urge to run.
“Drop the gun, now!” he yells, this time in Mr. Field’s direction, the man standing just a feet away from Tony’s face.
“Yeah, well…” he shrugs, realizing there’s something bugging him but not being able to say exactly what it is just yet. “How is he?” he asks instead, the words finding their way out before he can actually think them.
“Yeah, I didn’t know where else to go, to be honest. And I figured you’d be at the compound anyway. What happened?”
“Thank god you’re all in one piece…” he mumbles as soon as air hits his lungs again, sniffing the other’s neck and smiling more convincingly now that he knows it’s for real.
Steve is aware of it too, although probably not on a conscious level. Was he to not say anything – and at this point he feels it’s really up to him, because the other seems to have lost himself behind some thought – the silence could go on and on god knows until when, never becoming an issue. Which, of course, is part of the problem itself. So he resolves to open his mouth again, but before he can, the waiter comes to their aid, bringing their food over. Tony lets a brief sigh of relief go as his eyes switch on to his hot dish.
But as it turns out, Steve has no intention of actually letting him using the sofa. Tony has just sat down on it –
“I understand, it’s not up to you. Can you tell me more about my health then? Am I dying or something? I wouldn’t particularly mind…”
this money. My kid… She’s five and has stage three cancer, I…” Tony sees him shaking his head, and for a split second he believes he’s going to surrender. But when he continues, his voice is hard as ever. “I’m walking out of here with
II. It doesn’t happen again until a couple of months later, not because he couldn’t do it before, but because he doesn’t
“Oh, you’ll be surprised…” he hits back, and he’s about to add a line about volunteering to show Tony just
“What the—“ Tony and the private say almost in one single breath, but unfortunately Steve can guess what – or better,
in particular – slightly awkward Steve Rogers despite having a body like an armor and the ability to send you KO with just a fist if he only wanted to – and seeing him actually managing to behave like an ordinary, modern man fills his heart with a sense of proudness he didn’t know he had in him.
He walks out of the conference room, but he only has time to put two steps down that a familiar voice calls after him.
When he manages to stop, eventually, he sits back down, shaking his head as much to himself as at Steve, not knowing how to follow up on his remark. Once again, the other man is the one breaking the silence, quite remarkable if you think he’s the one fighting for his life.
He has a point, Steve knows it, but that doesn’t mean that he has to like it. He sucks in a breath, trying to decide which strategy has more chances of success. Eventually, he settles for the sympathy card.
“How bad?” he asks, even if he doesn’t want to hear it, not one bit. Not before he sees him, at least.
“What time is it?” he asks, hands frantically tightening the belt around his waist before starting to work on the buttons of his shirt whilst his feet try to slip into his shoes without any help.
About twenty minutes later, they’re walking side by side along the East River, each of them holding a greasy shawarma wrap, the cooking oil mixed with some other unidentified liquid dripping on the pavement through the paper; it had been Steve’s idea, which he had accepted all too eagerly. Although he can tell his pride is hurting a bit, he has to admit that this feels much better, much more like
“You’re joking.” Carol replies, stumped, as she softly pats her girlfriend’s back to give her some relief.
He hears a brief, almost unnoticeable gasp which sends a shiver down his spine; it’s only been a week, and he’s been missing it like crazy. He has no idea how the hell they’re going to do this.
“Mrs. Young, what is this?” he asks his secretary via intercom, because although he’s had a lot of different things running through his mind lately, missing something
“Steve…” he gives in after about five minutes, because although the silence is not uncomfortable or awkward, he can sense there’s a cloud of unsaid words hoovering over them and now that he’s aware of it he can’t just ignore it. Plus, walking like this is making it harder to lie to himself any further.
“Steve…” he mumbles now, his voice betraying a sting of panic he really doesn’t like as he heads out of the infirmary and stumbles towards the other’s room as fast as he can. Because although Steve is probably fine, those guys seemed to have some super powers of their own, and Tony hates that he went k.o. so
“No, I totally agree with you, Mr. President. I’ve been trying to get it under control since 2016, when the Sokovian Accords first got ratified…” Tony feels the need to say it before it can be used against him, as it’s bound to happen if people think it was a secret or something that he’d rather not talk about. Which, of course it
because he doesn’t want to leave things unsaid, not again. But luckily for him, Tony is a step ahead.
“I’m not paranoid…” Steve interrupts him, complaining, but Tony gives him a meaningful look that shuts him up immediately.
Tony lets a puzzled whistle go: “And you’ve had time to buy all of this stuff in just two months?! Never took you for a hoarder, Rogers…”
“Which is why you’re not officially involved with this, Nick. Can’t risk a diplomatic incident, right?”
It takes a couple of days to actually get the ball rolling – T’Challa can’t get away any earlier and Rhodey is on a mission over Afghanistan when he calls him – but that gives them time to put together a vague resemblance of a ceremony – that is, if you think building an arc with some wood and dragging one of the tables outside to serve as an altar qualify as such. After downloading a ton of data from the internet, Jocasta puts herself in charge of the decorations, throwing flowers all over the path Tony made through the sand, around the table and on the chairs, with Steve joining in pretty soon. He stands there, looking at them, and can’t help shaking his head to himself, because it all seems surreal and weird and now that it’s actually happening he doesn’t know whether they should be really doing it.
beforehand, the thought never even occurred to him, especially not in the moments immediately preceding the gesture. Which is exactly the reason why he manages to do it
“… And that’s about it. They’ve always been ahead of me this whole time without me realizing it. Guess I
…” Fury replies, shaking his head, but you can tell by the slight difference in his tone that he doesn’t actually think it any longer.
“Yeah, I’ve been told…” Fury replies, quite disappointed, as he scratches his beard. “I’m gonna start working on some reporters on this side of the pond, see if international pressure has another sort of effect.”
But before he can finish his question, his throat runs dry the moment he raises his glance to finally see who the man might be. Tony is almost never out of words, but right now, he can’t think of a
“Except we did, years ago, before it all went to shit. I know you remember it. We were in this same room—”
it. And the food was… mainly weird, but edible.” He takes a bite off his wrap, chews it and swallows it before talking again: “Hopefully that’ll put an end to my nightmares for good. It’s been
“Whatever you say, dude…” Carol replies, eyes staring up to the ceiling, and before she can add anything else Tony stops and leans a hand on her shoulder, a smirk on his face.
“Oh, no, thanks, I must be going,” he replies straightaway, just as if he had been rehearsing that line into his head over and over. Of course it’s a lie, he doesn’t have a home anymore – literally and
During the surprisingly short journey back his mind is in such a state of array that he starts recording video entries with FRIDAY in order to gain some sort of coherence. He talks about what he has learned at first, but pretty soon he finds himself deviating from his original plan, his thoughts becoming more and more personal as he keeps narrating what’s happened to him during the time in space. When Quill eventually tells him they’ve entered Earth’s orbit, he’s only about a fifth through, but he feels as if he’s just getting started. After thanking the Guardians and stepping into the suit again, he jumps off the ship and before he knows it his home planet’s gravity is pulling him down; it’s only in this moment that he realizes he has no idea where he’s actually heading. Before he started recording himself, he had thought he would use the journey back to figure out exactly where to land. For what Quill had told him, Earth hadn’t changed during his year away, the governments and the institutions were more or less all still the same, although he had also admitted he didn’t know anything more specific. After all, his interest in it was quite relative these days.
It takes about an hour for him to come back to his senses, and when he does, his body jerks up almost immediately, wanting to resume whatever it was doing when it got unplugged. He blinks the rest of the dizziness away, and comes to a sitting position in what he now recognizes to be his room. He jolts his legs off the bed and stands up, steadying himself against the wall as the predictable lightness in his head overpowers his will, but after a few moments he manages to move his feet without hesitation.
at them as if they were a secret transceiver that Steve had come up with (although he has the presence of mind not to do this in public, at least). Incidentally, it becomes the only time when he’s actually glad none of his friends can be around him, as that is something bound to cause a spasm of laughter and make him the (rightful) target of recurring jokes, because although he’s so deeply
“Don’t claim to be. I’m just practical. And right now, we don’t have time to quarrel over minutiae like this. Finding Iron Man is a huge thing, I agree, but our initial mission hasn’t progressed any further, and we still are in a race against time. So I need you to tell me about what
, because this place gives him the creeps. It’s perennially dark and cold and FRIDAY is not in the system – the
Tony is so out of his depth right now that he’s just going with his gut feeling, nothing more. Whilst Jean starts filling up the bag with trembling hands, Tony tries to throw the quickest glance towards the door – he
“You gave us a real scare there, Rogers,” Tony says, but his voice doesn’t have a reproaching tone, rather it sounds like it’s infused with a badly hidden worry. Which is interesting, to say the least. He’s pretty sure he has never heard it before. “That oversized insect really wasn’t worth it.”
“Well, this went much worse than I had anticipated, so thank you.” he sighs, standing up. When she does too, he pulls her in another long hug that she wasn’t expecting. “I am sorry, you know…” he whispers after a bit, hoping that she’ll hear the honesty in his voice. She does.
“C’mon, pal, you’ve done your stunt, time to go home” the big guy says, putting a decisively non-friendly, mighty hand on his shoulder, squeezing it in a way that sends sparks of pain around his body.
Fury pauses at this point – it’s only for a fraction of a second but it’s enough to give Steve clarity on what’s happened before he says it.
“Why not? You’ve done it before.” Fury replies, and it’s only now that Tony understands they might not be talking about the same thing. After all, why would the man assume anything different than being what, team mates? Friends?
“Not to be a mood buster, but what makes you think we can? I assume Stark has been searching for it throughout his life without finding it, right? And no offense, but he had much more power – and money – than all of us put together.”
, closes the gap between them and, ignoring the bottles between them, cups Steve’s face with his hands and kisses him gently. It’s a short, sweet, seventh-grade kind of kiss, the one that parents exchange when they’re in front of their kids and that you learn to associate with love, sure, but also safety and home.
“Steve?” he calls, although his brain already knows that the other is asleep, or worse. Still, he can’t help himself. “See, this is what happens when you guys shut me out…” he offers, shaking his head as looking at Steve, seemingly peaceful in his stillness.
Much to his surprise, the other man just smiles brightly, staring back at him as replying: “I love you too, Tony.”
this night is going to live up to its potential: he can feel it in his bones and maybe even smell it in the air. Or maybe it’s just wishful thinking from his part, the desire to escape what has now become a dull normality for his days, in and out of that badly lit room, back hunched over papers and maps for hours on end, progress too slow for his liking. And so, when he caught the voice of someone mentioning there was a new music hall in the neighborhood, just across their office, his ears latched onto that new bit of information and held tight to it till the end of the day when, having bid goodnight to the rest of the company, he took the turn for the exit instead of the stairs, and promptly made his way to the subway, where he got on the first train towards downtown.
way, if you get what I mean,” and he gives him a smile, as if the other could actually see it, “You know what?, scrap that, because that’s just part of it. I think I’m actually
A full five minutes go by before he manages to drag his ass out of the seat and make his entrance inside the compound; the system scans his retina, welcoming him home, and that word sends a distinctive shiver down his spine, as if it was somehow wrong. Because maybe this place is haunted, and always has been: here is where his relationship with Steve broke down, here where he spent numerous sleepless nights, twisting and turning in anguish and regret, wondering what he could have done differently and whether that would have changed anything in the end. Yeah, this place holds more bad memories than anything else, and not for the first time he wonders whether he shouldn’t just shut it down and move everything back to downtown Manhattan, where it would also be closer to Strange, Cage and Jones, in case of emergency. He tells FRIDAY to create a reminder for him about it, then steps inside the elevator and pushes the button for the first floor. Nevertheless, when the doors open to let him out, his usual smile is back on his lips as he gives a general hello to the house, wondering whether he should have called ahead to tell them he was dropping by, because right now the place seems vaguely deserted.
Frustrated, he lets himself go on the sofa facing the big television in the living room, a deep sigh escaping his lips. He feels like he’s going to go mad if he doesn’t do something other than wasting time around. For a reason or another, he has never had the time - or possibility - to being idle, hence why these days have been so hard. Even as a kid, when he was not in school, he was out there running errands for his mother or working a part-time job for extra income.
and that’s what terrifies him, but since Steve is looking at him like that, and he’s still holding his body as tight as he can against his own, Tony decides that he’ll tell him later, whenever that might be, because right now, he has other plans.
, Nick, give the guy a break!” the blonde – who had been throwing furtive stares at him the whole time – protests, and Tony can’t help but breathing a sigh of relief, for answering questions is definitely not something he’s eager to do right now.
Tony snickers at that, then looks down and can’t keep a tiny smile from popping up on his lips as sharing the news: “So, I’m… engaged again, it appears…” he mumbles, feeling like an idiot and a half just as he says this, because although a couple of weeks have gone by, this is still the first time his mouth has pronounced that word out loud.
“Okay, I’ve got something…” he announces, taking off his mask as he’s not underwater anymore. The air that hits his lungs is so cold and pure that almost makes him choke when he draws that first breath.
“This is bullshit…” he sighs, shaking his head to himself before leaning back against the seat; as his eyes roll upwards, they meet Steve’s by sheer coincidence, and as it happens there’s a shadow of a smile on his lips as he gives the briefest wink to Tony, who can immediately feel his heart slightly giving way.
), takes a pen from his desk, begins scribbling some equations on a piece of paper, mostly to distract himself.
“That was a long time ago. It’s more of a nickname nowadays. They insisted I had to have one but I couldn’t come up with anything so it sorta stuck.”
“Not for the time being, this is more of a… I-need-a-favor kind of call.” Tony explains, half apologetic, because asking for help still doesn’t come natural to him. But that doesn’t seem to be a problem on the other end of the line.
“Uh, I actually thought, I could send some of my drones instead. It’ll be way cheaper and more efficient, and I can program them to respond to specific situations.”
we do it, Tony, this is not gonna last forever… I know my country, people are bound to wake up, realize what’s been happening to our democracy and get these people out of the White House and Congress. I know it for a fact. And when that happens… I would love to be able to call you my husband. So, what you say?”
Steve blushes – too suddenly and brightly to be because of the cold – but he doesn’t comment on it, although he’s storing the memory in a safe place in his mind to relieve it over and over again at a later time. He grabs his wrist instead, for once the one leading, and all throughout the battle that follows the only thing he can think about is the way the blonde’s lips slowly curved upwards as hearing those words.
to use his suit, but Nick was right, too visible, too immediately recognizable – and they feel like among the longest of his whole life. He keeps throwing nervous glances at the rearview mirror, taking unnecessary turns and backtracking his steps just to make sure nobody is actually following him. This has never happened to him before – usually his name precedes him whenever he goes, always has, pretty soon you stop thinking of it as something out of the ordinary because it’s just your reality – so now that he
“You like planes?” Steve asks when he notices his step forward is not matched this time, halting just before putting his foot down too far from the other. And immediately he tells himself off:
“Yeah, no shit…” Steve offers, and somehow that short comment says it all, because they both sit in silence for few long minutes afterwards, trying to find something meaningful (and not cheesy) to say, but failing miserably.
With that out of the way, and still smiling like an idiot each and every time he gets paged, Tony moves on to the next project, the home system for Steve; he doesn’t want to use either JARVIS’s old plan or FRIDAY’s – they’re both too much targeted towards his own needs and his own self to be good enough for the other man – so he spends most of the first two days designing his from scratch before he goes on to actually assembling it. From that moment onwards, he tinkers and tinkers, day and night, almost non-stop, cutting even more sleep out of his schedule and substituting it with coffee and energy drinks until Saturday morning, around 9, he powers up the new A.I., that he baptizes as Sancus (after the Roman god of loyalty and trust). Four hours later, leaving his hotel room for the first time in eight whole days, he takes the lift down to the garage, activates Jocasta, the robot he’s just put together, gives her the coordinates to Steve’s house and watches as she drives off, crossing all of his fingers that no cop will stop her on her way there. Then he gets back up, throws a quick look around – the room by now resembles more a factory than a luxury hotel suite – and, deciding he just doesn’t care nor has the energy to deal with cleaning it (and himself) up, he lets his body go onto the bed and falls asleep instantly, too exhausted to even have dreams.
He frees himself from Steve’s hold and makes his way down the stairs, stopping once he reaches the entrance of the restaurant to wait for him.
It’s relatively quiet – after all it’s before six on a weekday – and they play good enough music, nothing of that nonsensical pop that sounds all the same, with no meaning whatsoever. They sit on a table away from the dance floor, much to his relief, and Sam walks up to the counter to order some drinks. With him gone, Steve realizes he hasn’t had a proper conversation with either of them since… the first snap, of course, but also after the second one, his heart becoming whole as hearing their voices and seeing their faces again for just the shortest while before breaking all over again. And this time, Steve immediately
He shrugs lightly, shaking his head, actually perplexed as what the big deal is: “I don’t. Must have had a drink too many, I—“
“I guess…” Steve replies, and for a moment Tony is glad that the other doesn’t seem to have a clue about their location. “What about you?”
“Hey…” he protests blandly, turning to face him again and getting pushed down instead. This is a fight he never ever wins, the other man’s body is just too strong compared to his, so in only a fraction of a second Steve is towering him, keeping Tony’s hands pressed together against the headboard, not doing a single thing other than staring into his eyes. “Gonna need the rest of that energy drink before I can do anything else, honey pie…” he smirks, although he can sense the anticipation growing in the lower part of his body already, but the other shakes his head.
“How the hell…” he starts, but before he can complete his rhetoric question, the door slides open and Steve walks inside, a little awkwardly but determined nevertheless.
be early, people might think you’re des—“ he starts off as he opens the door, but he stops immediately as his eyes fall on Steve, standing there in his
“This is… beautiful, and totally unnecessary, Tony,” eventually the reply comes, “It was my pleasure. I… I don’t know, you probably guessed it already, but I don’t have many friends. My best pal, he… he died in Afghanistan. In the same attack that should have killed me too, but didn’t. I… I’ve felt lost ever since, I suppose. But the last few weeks… it’s been real nice having you around, and I’m sorry if I made things awkward, I… I just don’t know what got into me.”
, really means something now, contrary to when he was in the Army. In the days that follow the initial meeting, he discovers what his teammates actually have in common, although he can’t tell whether the revelation makes him feel any better: they all have special… well,
told him it would interfere with whatever alien technology is already installed, and basically prohibited him to mess with it – which means he’s officially been talking to himself out loud for the past three months. He figured it’d happen at some point, just not this
Hank shots Steve an alarmed glance, which prompts him to call for her again: “Wasp, is everything okay?”
It’s a good enough excuse like any other he could say, and there’s a chance Tony recognizes it as one but if he does, he pretends otherwise: “Yes, I know. Don’t worry, your best man is on the job now, okay? We’ll figure it out.”
“I thought… I thought you were in a coma or something, I…” he stops halfway, realizing just now how he had let his emotions take control of his brain. Nobody had ever told him exactly how serious Steve’s injuries were, and he didn’t stop to ask about it to anyone on his way here. The only thing he knew, matter of fact, was that the other had been hit somehow, and that had come from Nat, who might as well be the best secret agent in the world, but hardly a doctor or even a nurse.
“Please, don’t use that word, I think my head is gonna combust on its own if I hear it just one more time…” he sighs, and the defeat in his own voice alarms him, because he doesn’t like how it takes so little for him to step back into the absolute oblivion of just not having the strength to go through yet another meeting where words are spoken in the futile hope to make things better. He needs to
“We’ve got some basic tools in the sub, I’ll go get them,” Hank replies, wearing the helmet again and disappearing from sight.
“So if the motives here are less ‘unfinished business’ and more ‘breaking and entering,’” Tony wondered, “the question is whether the string of Christmas Eve double homicides is the work of the same killers or if there are copycats involved.”
“If anything involuntary happens in that lab, it’s because I’ve been touched by the hand of genius,” Tony replied, the words slightly muffled by the way he was propping his head up on his fist. “And if you’re asking that question because you talked to Bruce recently, I had the situation with the hyper-speed microwave completely under control. Admittedly, the Hot Pocket explosion was a setback, but my math is solid, and I think with a few minor adjustments, we’re all going to be shaving valuable seconds off our food-prep time.”
“Anyway, sorry to interrupt you,” he said quickly. “You’ve got work to do, and I’ve got to go make sure everything’s on track upstairs. I’ll uh – I’ll have Bruce come get you when dinner’s ready.”
The fifth time Steve called them all to the kitchen to go back over the latest reports, Tony announced that he couldn’t take Steve pacing around like a stressed cat anymore. And since the team could wait for a phone call just as easily while having fun as they could while treading thin spots in his carpet, Tony ordered three hours a day of team Super Smash Brothers to blow off steam. They broke two controllers and one precariously placed lamp in the days that followed. But the promised deadline came and went without any detectable activity from the Mandarin.
“Okay, well, that’s me tapping out then,” Clint announced. “Trust the two of you to finally figure this out in the middle of a HYDRA facility. I owe fifty bucks to the betting pool, by the way, and I’m probably going to steal it from the team take-out fund.”
Dr. Grant stilled, startled, then frowned at Tony. "Dr. Stark…" He folded his hands in his lap. "Good afternoon."
“Shit,” Tony said, pressing his fingers against his temple in a concerted effort to remember what day it was. Saturday, 4:00 PM.
he scribbled furiously on a piece of paper, which he slapped on top of Bruce’s notebook just as the Dean provided the requested information.
His voice cut off abruptly, and he turned to brace himself against an intact section of the kitchen counter, his chest rising and falling heavily.
“Tony,” he said finally, and his voice sounded suddenly horrible, “there’s something else about Bucky.” He choked, swallowed, and started again, “I just realized, and I didn’t want to – I still don’t know for sure, but I –”
He rolled over on the double bed that Laura Barton had set up for them, his face turned toward the ceiling so Steve could see his profile faintly silhouetted against the moonlight from the window. It had been hours now since their argument in the yard, and since then they’d been treating each other carefully. But Steve could see the lines of stress still pinching Tony’s features.
“To figure out how to motivate me,” Steve broke in, each word feeling like a rock against his throat.
“I didn’t know the answer to that question until Hill told me about HYDRA’s demands,” Coulson replied, and something had shifted in his voice in a way that sent a shiver of warning up Steve’s spine. “They want you to be the one who brings them Fury and the files.”
He marched through the stacks, on his way to Pepper's office, but as he passed row 206, a familiar head of brown hair halted him in his tracks. "Darcy Lewis!" he called.
“You’re right: this can’t happen,” Tony retorted. “Because I’m not going to lose tens of thousands of dollars in charitable donations to a full-building lockdown every time you lose track of me for a few minutes. The shooter’s dead, Rogers. Were you planning on hovering over my shoulder until his soul clears purgatory?”
James pulled the door open a crack and peeked out. His entire stance had changed, his shoulders broader, a military tension rippling through his body. And damn, now that he was flexing with purpose he -
A split second later, Steve felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up, and he looked over in time to see the flash of a laser tracker. He dragged Harrison behind a pillar, and a shower of debris erupted as a bullet grazed the edge of the concrete.
“I feel like we’re getting off track here,” Tony said quickly. “The point is that I survived, clearly. And a few minor safety incidents didn’t stop me from saving half the Eastern Seaboard while running a multi-billion-dollar corporation.”
“God, Rogers,” Tony groaned, “how can you be so corny and so hot at the same time? It drives me completely nuts.”
“I may be the tiniest bit dehydrated,” Tony had admitted, his head flopping forward onto Steve’s chest.
Clint looked up finally and locked eyes with Coulson. His muscles were tensed, his weight forward on the balls of his feet, a stance Steve recognized from watching hours of post-battle footage: the last moment of balance before Clint decided whether to jump.
Or causing different ones, Tony thought wryly, and he threw back another shot so he wouldn’t have to meet Bruce’s eyes. He knew he was being an asshole. Bruce’s presence in the workshop had actually been surprisingly soothing, and part of Tony wanted nothing more than to lie down on the couch and talk to his friend until every vibrating thought in his head was spilling onto the floor. But if he tried to explain why he couldn’t leave the workshop, he would have to explain that he couldn’t bear to go to his bedroom; and that would involve explaining that he and Pepper had broken up; and that would probably lead to something horrifying, like crying uncontrollably, so asshole it was.
He was struggling to pin down a maskless form that Tony now recognized, impossibly, as James Buchanan Barnes.
The doors to the penthouse had swung open, but they made no move to exit. Steve dropped his forehead to rest against Tony’s and felt Tony run his fingers gently across the bandage on Steve’s temple.
“So I want to ask you a question – which you do not have to answer,” Natasha said. “But I feel like if you don’t answer, that’s kind of answering, you know?”
“Ooooooh, Captain America!” Clint called in a high-pitched voice from a nearby vent. “You’re so dreamy. Will you sign my chest?”
again was going to distract them, and more because they’d gotten used to filling tense moments with the sounds of each other’s voices.
Some actual nervousness seemed to have seeped into Steve’s demeanor. His shoulders had bunched closer to his ears, and his hands were hovering near the sides of his pumpkin. Finally he took a deep breath.
“Tony,” Steve sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose, “please tell me you did not call me out here on the night before Christmas to go ghostbusting.”
"Me? Give up on my May-time? Not in a million years." Tony flashed her his most charming smile. "You know I come for you and not the pie, my dear."
Tony leaned across the couch, searching under the blankets until he could rest his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
Thank you so much to everyone who has been reading and sharing the world of this fic! I can't tell you how much warmth it's brought me, and I hope you're finding a little bit too. I'd love to hear what you think!
They stayed like that for a long moment, Tony’s arms gradually tightening as he pressed his forehead against Steve’s shoulder. Then Tony pulled back, his eyes moving rapidly across Steve’s face. He laid one hand over Steve’s heart, and something like a shiver passed over his features.
“Thank God,” Tony breathed. He popped the lid on the case and held his right hand over it, clicking a switch to deploy one of the gauntlets. “I have to restart his heart,” he tried to explain, but Clint just grabbed his shoulder and nodded firmly. Tony leaned forward over Steve’s chest to get in position.
Grant had been staring fixedly at the slide, but now his eyes flashed back to Tony’s, and the look on his face was so searching that Tony found himself blinking in confusion, his train of thought completely derailed.
Luckily for Steve, Thor chose that moment to pick up Tony’s water glass and smash it onto the floor with an emphatic, “Here, here!” Steve took advantage of the distraction to jump up and grab the broom.
“Go ahead: take it,” she said, turning up her palm to hold his gun out to him. Steve swore softly, glancing down at the empty holster at his hip and then snapping his gaze back to the firearm in Natasha’s hand. “Think of it as a guarantee that you’ll never fail someone again.”
“You should be sorry, you asshole. Coming in here with no plan except to throw yourself in front of everything.”
“A, I never overreact,” Tony retorted, setting his drink on a nearby bookcase so he could count the points emphatically on his fingers. “B, in the fifteen minutes since we arrived, I have: one, gotten caught checking out his ass; two, tried to cause a distraction by doing tequila shots; three, spilled said tequila shots on his pants; and four, gotten caught glaring at Torrance Shipman Redux over there when she offered to help him clean the pants in question.”
“Shit,” Tony swore, grabbing for Steve’s hips as the doors slid open. “Fine. First lots of carbs, then the ‘Tubthumping’ remix.”
It was another minute before he could hit send, the panic rising like a molten wave through his chest. Finally, he pressed the button and let his head fall back on the pillow, trying to resist the urge to start counting each second as it went by. It could be hours before he heard anything, he told himself, and a long wait didn’t necessarily mean a refusal. This wasn’t that different from the months he’d already spent waiting for the phone to ring, and if he could survive that –
“If you didn’t want us to use corporate money to get tacos, you shouldn’t have hired Nat as your personal assistant,” Clint pointed out sagely. “Which reminds me: celebratory margaritas are on you tonight, and I think Coulson and his team are joining.”
He snapped the gun back toward Ward, only to watch him crumple to the ground as Tony hit him squarely on the temple with the pliers from the cart.
“Not sure what survived the explosion. I had to jump to avoid a grenade,” Steve heard Rumlow saying.
He wasn't sure he could sit through two hours of Stanley College's best and brightest drama students performing
“But it’s Captain Rogers I came to warn you about,” Natasha responded, resting more of her weight on her forearm, so that she leaned toward him and exposed more of her wound in the same motion. “While you talked to my partner, I talked to yours. And I have to tell you: you may think you know the man you invited into this house, but there’s a darkness in him you’ve only guessed at.”
“Even though you had to crawl down a flight of stairs through a trail of what you thought was my blood?”
Steve only looked away when he could no longer make out their retreating forms. He was treading water now as the hallway continued to flood. He supposed his best bet was to swim toward the lower levels and try to find the site of the blast. If it was on the near side of the rig, there might be a chance he could make it to the surface.
"Ah, no. It's lemon. It's just kind of late, and well…" May adopted a pout that was eerily similar to her nephew’s. "I'd kind of given up on seeing you."
But today, as he walked into the auditorium of Colan Hall to learn about Victorian ecopoetics, Tony had found himself unable to concentrate on anything other than Dr. Grant’s irritatingly fastidious note-taking three rows in front of him.
"Look, I'm friends with the head librarian," Tony went on, "and the budget here is a five-dollar gift card to Buck Mart and a package of stale saltine crackers. She'd be the first to admit it's not deserving of a shush."
Tony paused for a sip of coffee, allowing himself to glance toward Pepper and Bruce so that he could steady himself with the sight of their thumbs up and encouraging nod, respectively. Pepper, bless her, had her phone set to record, and Tony had no doubt she'd be emailing the file to Rhodey.
For reasons Tony didn’t want to examine too closely, the first person his eyes found was Dr. Grant, who gave the photo the briefest of looks before staring back down at the notebook in his lap. His face looked pinched, and Tony resisted the urge to start grinding his teeth, already anticipating Grant’s four-point objection to the way Tony had framed the gendering of historiography.
But before he could reach for the other stairwell door, it opened too, and more men poured out. He was so fucked. There was another loud bang, and a hot flush tingled in the side of Tony's arm. He looked down to see a tear in his shirt and a red stain.
Tony pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s lips, and Steve carried him the rest of the way down the hall, the phones in their pockets already chiming in unison.
“I don’t have a great track record here,” he admitted. “Seems like I’m always giving up too easily or waiting too long. But I don’t even know if Tony thinks of me that way. I mean sometimes I think he might be interested –”
“Here…” Steve says softly, reaching back with his hands to unlock the chain around his neck; a moment later he’s flashing his military tags in front of Tony’s eyes. “I seem to remember that you liked having them with you a few years ago.”
The head physician comes running towards him straightaway, and Tony realizes that the machine must be connected to a computer in the doctors’ lounge.
“What?!” Rhodey’s eyes double in size as hearing that revelation, and Tony can’t help but feeling a bit idiotic right now, even if he doesn’t really have an explanation as to why. “The same Steve Rogers you barely talked to on our way to a very
, a voice from within tells him, and yes, that is the truth. No matter the consequences or how long it might take him, he always finds a way to get his man back. Does Steve know? Probably, but he’s never said anything, and Tony guesses that maybe it’s better this way. It’s their silent pact.
… he thinks to himself, but before he can say anything the other man has neared him and nods at his jacket, asking again: “Were those letters?”
in here, even when they were both asleep there was the breathing of the other – sometimes relaxed, sometimes troubled, but there
They both sit in silence for a short while, and although it’s not exactly awkward it does grow a bit weird pretty soon; Tony
“… Sorry, what did you just say?” Steve can’t believe those words. How on Earth could Tony think that to be a good idea? He’s no expert obviously, but he’s quite positive their first attempt was a semi disaster from his part, so now the prospect of having to face not just one, but three people at once in a romantic setting, albeit fake, is nothing short of terrifying.
Tony was backing out of the elevator as he spoke, but instead of relaxing, the band across Steve’s chest pinched tighter with every step. Steve tried to force some word of apology past the mounting pressure (
“You could have had JARVIS alert us,” Tony pointed out, grabbing a towel and wiping off his face as he made his way toward Natasha. “You know this is basically a fully functional Smart House, right?”
“Listen, Cap,” Clint replied, waving a dolma at him, “if you’re going to apologize for anything, apologize for the purgatory potatoes you tricked me into making last year. At least this year we have food that doesn’t have the texture of fast-drying cement.”
“Do we have to take your insomnia too?” Bruce asked, pushing the waving banana out of his face and back toward Tony. “Because, Tony, you are looking a little worn out.”
“Gear upgrades wait for no man, Rogers,” Tony demurred, attempting to emphasize his point with a wave of one hand and almost knocking over the glass of water that Steve had put in front of him. “I needed to get the new belt ready in case we got another call. While I admit that having those tight, spangly pants of yours start to slip in the middle of a battle would probably be a pretty effective distraction for a certain class of villain, I think it’s best for your public image to leave a little bit to the imagination, if you know what I mean.”
“Tony!” Steve insisted, and he must have finally closed the distance between them because he was taking one of Tony’s hands gently in his free one. “I promise you I could not possibly care less what happened to my wrist. I’m not particularly proud of this, but I would have shattered every bone in my arm if I could have put even one of them through that bastard’s face before he ever got close to you.”
Thank you to everyone who has been reading along! This fic has been a refuge for me during a really difficult time, and your encouragement means more than I can say.
Tony took a moment to compose himself, making sure he was truly focused on driving, then pulled back out onto the empty street. He drove exceptionally slowly, Grant puttering on behind him, but the lack of blowing ice pellets made everything much easier. It wasn't long before Tony was pulling into his parking spot.
“Hilarious, Tony,” Steve replied. “This whole night has been a real barrel of laughs, starting from the moment when I thought you’d been kidnapped, but it turned out you were just picking up the first person who batted their eyelashes at you.”
Tony was staring at him, his eyes darting quickly across Steve’s face as if JARVIS were scanning it for data. Steve held up under the silent scrutiny as long as he could before letting out an explosive breath.
And most importantly, for the purposes of his goddamn book, what weapons were Rebirth and the Captain America initiative actually supposed to have produced?
“Well, every time one of my exes comes up, you get all —” He did his best impression of the Jaw Clench of Judgment.
Maybe Tony had felt something similar, because as soon as he and Fitz returned to the common room, his eyes had searched for Steve.
“You know,” Tony reflected, “if I were a less secure man, I might wonder if your sudden interest in wall hangings was an attempt to avoid my notice.”
“The other answer,” he plowed on, deliberately shifting his line of sight away from Grant and his infuriating notebook, “is even more central to my argument about the existing narrative of the SSR. The stories we think we know about this organization, I suggest, have placed so much emphasis on the engineering and circulation of weaponry that they’ve overlooked the human agents consumed by and for those weapons. Take, for example, this sketch of Sergeant James Barnes by Private Steven Rogers.”
It had been a hard mission. They’d prepared for it for what felt like months, only to end up with everything stacked against them that possibly could be. Sitting and waiting to learn the results, Tony felt like someone had turned his body into a tuning fork for anxiety.
arm! You’d already hurt it when they blitzed you in the third quarter, and now you what? You punched some asshole and broke it?! You’re only halfway through the season. Your senior year —”
the raccoon-sized bears, sugar plum, but we don’t have time to relitigate your wildly insufficient fear of rabies, because I’ve just discovered a whole goddamn secret government agency.”
Steve broke off as Tony rose from his chair and walked toward him, one hand hovering in the air. Tony’s heart was galloping against his ribs, driven by a fear far worse than any he had felt while charging the Hydra ranks two days before, and he couldn’t pull his eyes away from the place where Steve’s hands had pressed instinctively to his side.
Perhaps it was because he was trying to fortify himself against the pull of Tony’s stories, but as Steve drew closer to the porch, he had the strange impression that he could see more activity around the building than he had previously noticed. There were the intermittent strobes of light from the front door as Tony searched the foyer. But Steve also caught glimpses of movement out of the corner of his eye – as if something were crawling through the eaves.
Steve shook his head. It must have been an afterimage from the lightning, and not, as he had thought for one irrational moment, the figure of a woman pressing her hand to the crimson gape of her torn stomach.
“How about no one knocks anyone out?” Bruce suggested, rubbing his fingers across the bridge of his nose. “Today is stressful enough without a repeat of the ‘human skee-ball’ incident.”
“I have wrapping to do,” Steve pointed out, setting his jaw against the sight of just such a twinkle in Tony’s eye. “Sam’s hosting a dinner tomorrow for our group at the V.A., and Sharon invited the whole floor for drinks and white elephant.”
A knock on the side of the wall outside the unit interrupted his thoughts, and Tony looked up to see a U-Haul employee standing tentatively by the sliding door.
Steve’s chest tightened, and he had to look down and grip the handlebars for a moment to ground himself. It wasn’t the phone really, though that was nice enough. When Steve grew up, there hadn’t even been enough money or copper wiring for their building to put in a party line. But more than that it was the warmth he could see in his own eyes in the photograph – the promise that he could call home and someone would answer.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” he muttered, giving the dark buttons on the door an irritable thwack. “What is this, Chekhov’s elevator?”
“In that case, Ms. Romanov, I’m going to have to ask you a few questions about the bodies in the floor.”
Tony was practically vibrating with smart-ass responses, but just as he was preparing to fire one off, Steve looked over at him. Weeks ago, Tony might have expected Steve to give him a warning glare, but now Steve’s eyes were searching, as if he were trying to gather Tony’s opinion from his expression. And that made Tony’s chest feel suddenly tight and warm in a way that made Fury’s secrecy fetish fade into a minor irritation.
“As much as I’m enjoying live-texting this reunion to Clint,” she said, “he says ‘get a room,’ by the way – do you think we could return to the security threat for a moment? You said someone was planning to use Barnes. Use him against whom?”
“That gets a bit complicated,” he responded. “You’ve probably guessed that it was my team you worked with on the Jersey and Toronto missions. Fury called us in for that job because I had the only mid-level SHIELD agents with access to the TAHITI project. Unfortunately, one of those mid-level agents was Grant Ward. And judging by the data trail Skye just discovered, it seems that Ward has been funneling all our intel to a HYDRA agent named John Garrett. Garrett was in the inner circle at SHIELD himself, so he knew they would need the retinal scan of a Level-10 agent to decode any files as classified as the ones on TAHITI. And he also he knew that Nick Fury is a terribly hard man to sneak up on. So they invented the Mandarin to keep SHIELD looking for a terrorist instead of a coup.”
“I’m in a suit of armor,” Tony pointed out, “and you’re the one who asked to be thrown through glass into a room full of armed terrorists.”
“We’re both going to get out. You’re going to shock me, you’ll short out the chip, and then you’ll bring me back.”
. The HYDRA agents hadn’t searched him carefully enough to find the small bobby pin that Fitz and Simmons had attached to the inside of his sleeve:
As if on cue, a grappling arrow shot across the room and latched onto the side of a container of eggnog. The metal wire attached to the hook pulled taut and then retracted with a sharp twang, yanking the eggnog over their heads and back into the air vent.
They stayed like that for what might have been ten seconds or ten hours before Steve heard Natasha’s wry voice from across the gym.
Tony strode out through the front doors of the library, mentally weighing whether he could squeeze in a trip to the storage unit before his first class the next morning, when he noticed Dr. Grant was standing at the curb next to a dark van. He had been absorbed in a tense conversation with two men in dark suits, but moments later one of the men opened the back door to the van, and Grant climbed in, escorted on either side by the two strangers - who, as Tony realized a moment later, were totally, definitely armed.
"Holy shit." Tony leaned forward until his face touched the steering wheel and focused on taking even, calming breaths until his heart rate slowed. "Holy shit."
“You mean...anyone who knows something about SHIELD could be in trouble,” Tony answered slowly, his mind racing back to the night of his research talk.
“You know, there’s a really interesting X-File from a few years back about some unknown entity that was breaking into elite research facilities by making itself intangible,” Tony called down the stairs. “Witnesses called it a ghost, but for a poltergeist, it was unusually interested in sabotaging corporate technology.”
“Oh yeah, no big deal, I’ll just kill you and bring you right back!” Tony yelled. But his gaze was steady, and then he was moving, already ripping wires from the wall and positioning them in the metal tub of water. “I cannot fucking believe you are making me do this.”
embarrassing addition aloud, because Steve’s expression had somehow grown even more moody as he spoke.
“Fuck me,” Tony said again, loudly enough that a nearby student jumped and almost fell off his skateboard. “Sorry about that!” He waved his hand apologetically before turning his attention back to his phone.
"You have to get out of here, okay? Go home. Call in sick. Take the rest of the day off. Please. Just go."
“It certainly doesn’t look vacant in here,” Steve mentioned to Tony as his partner walked through the door. “There’s still smoke coming from the fireplace.”
“Like I told you, darling,” Tony said, smiling as he nestled his chin into Steve’s hair. “I’m already home.”
“That smile was not goofy,” Tony countered. “It was mocking – it was a show of richly deserved derision. You should see how Captain America is representing the Avengers to the heartland. It’s a sartorial disgrace.”
"Well -" May leaned forward conspiratorially "- I was cleaning up around the fountain drinks, and I had a whole tray of glasses. I tripped over a chair leg that was stuck out, and the whole thing went up in the air! I didn't even know he was behind me, but he caught the whole damn tray, Tony. It was amazing. Not a single glass broken."
Arnie returned from the stacks with a single, slim box in his hands. He set it on the table in front of Tony with elaborate care, fussing with its position a few times before he finally pulled away.
“He’s lonely, Pep,” Tony had said instead. “You should see his face sometimes when he thinks no one’s looking. It’s like someone yanked out his insides months ago and he’s been trying to hide it by keeping his superhuman abs clenched all the time. He needs the team. He needs a friend. I can’t mess that up just because I’m a greedy son of a bitch.”
“So it’s uh...a game?” Grant was saying, managing to sound both confused and encouraging - and he might as well be lathering himself with honey really, because that combination was absolutely irresistible to a pedant.
“Well let’s hope we’ve still got the touch,” Natasha said. She inclined her head toward the ornate clock on the mantle, which read 11:30. “Because it’s show time.”
“Wow. You’ve sure got me all figured out,” he said flatly. “Now as much as I appreciate the Shades of Freud act – and I’m sure the inevitable ‘Daddy Issues’ segment would have been delightful for everyone involved – I’m going to find my partner and get the fuck out of here.”
“Oh,” Steve said, his face suddenly flushing red. “No uh — that’s not — I mean, no one should be shamed for, you know, dating — however they want to date. It’s me, really. I’m the problem. I guess I just couldn’t stop wishing you were with someone who knew how lucky they were.”
“You’ve got a smart mouth, Rogers, and I mean that on any number of levels. Now what floor can I get for you, Captain Sass-a-lot?”
had been the one to violate the terms of their arrangement, after all. He’d been the one to get in over his head, and he could understand why his emotional reaction to the battle had made Tony uncomfortable. Steve should have anticipated the price of diving into something casual with Tony before he knew how deep the water was – but then he’d never been very good at looking before he leapt.
The urge to gulp for air was becoming desperate, and Steve felt one hand jerk involuntarily toward his throat as he swam. The pressure in his chest was almost the only sensation he could feel now, and he remembered how his limbs had gradually gone dead as he lay pinned against the deck of the Valkyrie, the metal and water squeezing his torso until he screamed and a glacier flowed into his lungs.
“Clint,” Tony repeated, looking back and forth from the stranger to the suddenly roaring fire, “as in Clint Barton. As in the ex-military sniper who changed his name to Charles Rushman when he married Soviet spy Natasha Romanov, and whose real identity only became common knowledge after he and his lover killed each other in this house forty-three years ago.”
"Bingo," Tony informed Dummy, his long-suffering hamster, who poked his nose out of a messy pile of fluff, blinked blearily, then retreated when no sunflower seeds were forthcoming.
“I’m afraid I’ll need to get a verbal commitment from Mr. Stark,” Steve insisted. “If you can’t accept those terms, you can ask to be assigned to a different agent, or you can try your luck with your existing team. But you should know this: no one calls HYDRA because they’ve got a celebrity crush – or even because they’re nursing a grudge against an old boss. People call HYDRA because they want someone erased from the picture. Their agents are efficient, they’re ruthless, and you won’t hear a whisper of the organization’s name until they’re already on the inside. So if I were you, I’d retain my services.”
And okay, the way Steve was holding his gaze as he said it really did seem fairly definitive, Tony supposed. Sorted alongside the other evidence, that look and those words certainly seemed to point toward a specific conclusion. But it was a conclusion that Tony had rejected a long time ago, and putting it back into the equation required digging through years of discarded data – or gathering new.
They were alone now, surveying the sedimentary damage done by the bomb and the margarita night. The rest of the team had gone off to bed a few minutes ago – a planned retreat, Steve would guess, judging by the glare Natasha had given Clint when he tried to linger over the last of the queso dip. Tony was standing in front of the remains of his flat-screen TV, surrounded by scorched carpet and discarded Solo cups, but his eyes were warm, and the glow of the arc reactor was just visible through his tee-shirt, and Steve had never found any sight more stunning.
“I’ve never noticed any issues with the old belt,” Steve persisted, pushing right past the innuendos, which always cropped up with greater frequency the more exhausted Tony became. “How could the need for updates possibly be urgent enough to justify running yourself into the ground this way? It’s reckless.”
“I’ll be sure to give her your season’s greetings,” Steve acknowledged. “Look, if it were any other night, I might let you talk me into this. But I’ve only got eight hours to get home and get to sleep before I have to start roasting sweet potatoes for Sam’s.”
Steve reeled momentarily at the riot of emotions running through his head: a heady thrill at the note of familiarity, a rush of adrenaline at the prospect of seeing Tony so soon, a surge of guilt that he was asking Tony to drop everything again, when he had already gone through so much trouble.
“How about we ditch these suckers and head for the roof?” he asked, brushing the hair back from Steve’s forehead in a way that sent a ripple of goosebumps across his skin. “It sounds like we missed some stages in your plan, and I’m willing to be extremely thorough in retracing our steps.”
“Dancing it out with a bunch of assholes!” Clint replied, extending a hand to Natasha, who rolled her eyes but joined him nonetheless. She touched one finger gingerly to the edge of Clint’s black eye and then took his hand to set him up for a twirl.
Tony was vaguely aware of Natasha grousing at Sam and a bedraggled looking Bucky Barnes for their failure to keep Steve in bed – and even more vaguely aware of Sam suggesting that Natasha was welcome to try getting Steve to do anything at all when there were alarms going off in Tony’s hospital room. But he could only spare about 5% of his brainpower for that. Because Steve was alive, and there was no wall between them.
“Was this a voluntary or involuntary nap?” Steve asked, trying (somewhat unsuccessfully, he feared) to keep the edge of worry out of his voice.
- and it seemed to consist of somewhat crank-ish deep dives into lost or failed inventions. Tony quickly scanned the entry about his father and saw a few words he’d come across before (“vibranium” and “vita radiation”), at least one word that seemed to stretch the bounds of credulity (“slinky”), and a concluding sentence that sent an instant shot of adrenaline running through his system.
Steve was rocked by a wave of devotion so fierce that for a moment he forgot the icy needles slicing at his torso. Of course Tony wasn’t going to make this easy: he had never accepted a no-win scenario in his life. And Steve loved the fight in him like it was the last warmth in the world.
is in them,” Arnie corrected. “Met him right behind this building, as a matter of fact – had to help him out of a dumpster after he confronted some schmuck trying to feel up his date.” He walked through the door to the reading room and held it open for Tony.
He dropped quickly into a crouch and swept his right leg at Tony’s ankles. Tony jumped, almost in time to avoid the attack, but he lost his balance as Steve’s leg grazed the tips of his toes. Even before his brain could fully register the possible danger, Steve shot forward to grab Tony by the waist and stop him from landing awkwardly.
“Crank it, JARVIS,” he said, and Black Sabbath blasted over the audio system, so loud that he could almost forget he knew what absolute quiet sounded like.
“Steve Rogers,” Tony said when they finally came up for air, “I love you so much that underground networks full of literal Nazis couldn’t drag me away. Which means I’m probably going to do something very stupid – scratch that, somethings very stupid – like secretly build defibrillators into all your uniforms. Or buy the company that makes those dumb khakis you wear and run it into the ground.”
“Remind me never to do holiday dinners with you guys again,” Rhodey groaned. He was crouched next to Tony behind the couch opposite Steve’s, and Steve could hear the faint whir of the War Machine gauntlet as he scanned the room. “I could be falling asleep on my couch to the Vince Guaraldi Trio, and instead I’m hiding from an army of weaponized Christmas figurines.”
“Unless you want us to leave you in there for a while so you can keep practicing!” Clint added. “Not that I would have any reason to think you need extra time. I promise Nat didn’t hack the security feeds, and we definitely haven’t been watching you make hopeless puppy eyes at each other for the past ten minutes.”
“So just to be sure I’m getting this right,” he murmured, “because I haven’t slept in a while, and it’s possible I’ve been the tiniest bit emotionally compromised this week: what you’re telling me is –”
Natasha’s feet slipped gracefully to the floor as her posture shifted from lounge to crouch. Steve pulled the device out of his pocket, already moving toward where he had left his shield resting against the wall. But when he saw the code on the display, he froze.
Tony lingered longer over the next sheet: a light pencil sketch of a train thundering through a mountain pass. The lines were soft but assured, at least to Tony’s amateur eyes, and the cheap quality of the paper somehow made the scene feel more moving. A series of drawings followed, some of landscapes and a few of what appeared to be fellow soldiers, and Tony wondered what had made an attentive, chronically-ill artist want to go from getting beat up in Brooklyn to getting thrown on barbed wire at the front.
“Why’d you have to pick Christmas Eve anyway?” he muttered. “Why couldn’t you have picked a date when everyone is drunk and stupid – like Halloween – man, I loved Halloween.”
“The water’s coming in too fast, Nat,” Steve said calmly. It was up to his thighs now, and he could feel the pins and needles starting to stab up his legs. “If you open the door, it’s going to capsize the whole rig. I need to you and Clint to get Tony out of here.”
“Tony,” Steve said, pulling him out of the memory by cupping his chin gently with one hand. “It’s okay. I’m okay. You brought me back.”
hold yourself accountable,” Steve objected. “You changed the whole direction of the company. You withdrew from standing contracts with the U.S. military.”
It was Steve’s voice, and then it was Steve. He barreled into the room, pale and bare-chested, several ECG leads still hanging off his body. His eyes searched wildly until they found Tony’s. And when they did, Tony felt himself gasp at what he could finally read in Steve’s face.
He’d expected to find an Individual Deceased Personnel File at the bottom of the box – or perhaps a telegram of condolence addressed to a parent or sibling – but the last sheet in the stack was an unfinished letter that appeared to have been written by Rogers himself.
“I’m working on it, Rhodey. I am. I know it’s all a bit of a mess right now, but I think – I think the team could be good. For each other. For me.”
“Just don’t make the third-degree burns and hypovolemic shock a holiday habit, Rogers,” Tony put in. “Some of us are trying to watch our blood pressure.”
The two of them exchanged gifts and took up their usual positions on the living room couch, Steve chuckling when Tony instantly started shaking the wrapped box for clues. Steve pulled the blanket from the couch over Tony’s shoulders absent-mindedly as Tony affixed the bow from his present to Steve’s chest. Neither of them paid any attention to the television – where Scrooge was asking a passing child what day it was – or to the windows, where the snowy remains of the earlier storm were pressing lightly against the panes.
Tony paused, watching the little furrow form on Steve’s forehead as Tony’s “reference the heart problem” ploy had its intended effect.
“Project TAHITI is no longer in operation,” Fury said firmly. “There’s no chance of it being revived unless it falls into enemy hands. I don’t know how the Mandarin found out about it, and I don’t have to tell you how cranky that makes me. So until I know where my leak is, Project TAHITI gets more dangerous the more people who know about it. You can accept the need-to-know, or you can leave an agent with sensitive intel in the hands of terrorists. Those are the only terms I can offer, Captain.”
Steve turned to look where she was indicating. For a moment he didn’t notice anything but the same clutter they’d been pouring over for hours. Then he saw it: on one corner of the dressing table was a small metal circle he had initially taken for a coaster or a paperweight. Raised on its surface, grainy but undeniable, was the outline of a skull and tentacles.
Clenching his jaw against the scalding pressure in his torso, Steve hauled himself over the edge and started down the stairs. It was agonizingly slow going – the slippery surface beneath him a reminder that he was losing blood with every heave forward – and so when a record-player somewhere in the sitting room crackled to life and started playing “I’ll Be Home for Christmas,” Steve swore violently.
“Was that a joke, Rogers? Well bless my stars and stripes and alert the National Guard. I think you’ll have to fight Thor for bass, though. Maybe Romanov too. We can hold auditions when you get back.” He paused, standing just a few feet away now, bouncing lightly on the balls of his feet. “You are coming back,” he finished, another question-as-statement.
“STOP!” he yelled, using another lurch forward to shove the pin deeper against the strap. He felt it start to give and pulled back before Ward or Rumlow could notice. “Okay. Okay. I’ll tell you anything – please! Just let him up.”
“Tough, but fair,” Tony allowed. “And as a token of my appreciation for your deanly candor, I’ll get right to it. I sit before you today to share a little friendly concern about Dr. Grant.”
He had to call it – they couldn’t just sit here. He tried to pull his thoughts together, feeling as if he were dragging them up from a great depth. From the looks of it, the attack had happened over an hour ago. Why had it taken them so long to get the code? Was something happening at SHIELD headquarters? No one without SHIELD intel could have located Fury outside of work. Was it possible that this new HYDRA cell could be so well organized?
“Fuck it,” he repeated as he walked up to the glass doors of the college library. He may have just dropped a cool $42 on three hours of parking, but he was going to walk out of this with something to put on the page. Maybe there would be some file or note that mentioned Rebirth here, and maybe there wouldn’t, but either way he’d break more fresh ground than he could by poring over his notes for the fiftieth time in the hopes that a new word would somehow slip out from behind the censor bars.
All the theories sounded plausible, and none of them seemed sufficient. Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that he was missing something – something that should be right in front of him.
“Plus,” he added, “I think some of these HYDRA thugs are only temporarily disabled, and as much fun as it would be to see you follow through on your threat to put Rumlow’s face through a wall, I know how you get when your team’s been hurt.”
“If they knew that drive existed, why not steal it?” he asked, any trace of agitation gone from his voice. “Why not take it by force?”
Steve folded his arms across his chest and hunched his shoulders – a posture that suddenly reminded Tony of the first time Steve had tried to program the TIVO at the Tower, when he had only ended up catching half of the documentary on the Apollo missions that Tony had said he wanted to watch.
Tony flexed the gauntlet on his hand a few times and then retracted it into the metal bracelet around his wrist.
By the time Steve made it back to the hotel, a group of people was milling outside, half of their faces angled upward at something near the top of the building. Steve followed their line of sight, and his breath caught in his throat when he saw the smoke coming from the direction of Tony's room on the fourth floor. The harassed-looking hotel manger looked momentarily like she was going to try to stop Steve from entering the building, but she must have seen something in his face that made her change her mind, because she jumped out of the way as he charged through the front door.
The trust in Steve’s eyes was almost too much for Tony to take in. His throat tightened around any of the words he could have said in return, so instead he leaned forward and kissed Steve again, slowly and deliberately this time, as if he could make every press of his lips into a promise: I always will.
“I’ve driven through worse,” he promised his car as he pulled out of the slushy parking lot and headed toward Stanley College.
kidding me,” he groaned, tumbling down the last set of stairs and into the entryway, where he could finally see Tony crawling toward the door. Tony heaved himself onto his back when he heard Steve’s voice, pulling out his gun and aiming it shakily at Steve’s head. Steve drew his own with a painful effort, and for a moment they lay there in a standoff, staring each other down while Bing Crosby crooned in the background.
about your job, Steve. You’re fucking fired, okay? And your new job is to live long enough to get us both out of here because there’s no way in
“Will you just pony up, Rogers?” Tony growled, biting the side of his cheek to keep back the grin that threatened to take over his face whenever Steve put on his “aww shucks” act.
The latest round of tapping stilled suddenly as a pair of headlights loomed down the road. Fog scattered the approaching high beams into a thick gray haze, but Tony made no effort to peer through it in order to identify the man pulling up beside him. Special Agent Steve Rogers drove one of noisiest used cars at the Bureau - any of his coworkers could have recognized it from blocks away - and besides, no one else would have followed Tony Stark to a place like this.
Tony didn’t feel like he could risk any further response of his own, because some part of his brain had started rambling out increasingly unhelpful suggestions like, “stand up so he can see the pants in action,” and who knew what would come out if he opened his mouth again.
“Yes, yes he’s wonderfully earnest, and he catches all kinds of fragile dinnerware while treating his advisees to unassailably populist brands of coffee, and we’re all very lucky I’m sure. The thing is, though, Phil...I was looking at the meeting calendar for the Fine Arts department, and I couldn’t help but notice that Dr. Grant has canceled five classes already this semester. And out of a concern for the value of our students’ education - and for the professional development of an esteemed junior colleague -”
Tony had never encountered the phrase before, and so he’d worked with the research librarian at the Houghton to comb through the electronic records for any documents referencing Margaret Carter that were dated between her time as a codebreaker and the end of the war. He’d narrowed the list down to four boxes that seemed most likely to contain more information about “Project Rebirth,” and with any luck, he’d have time to go through half of that material tonight and identify possible leads.
He left Bruce shaking his head ruefully and wound his way through the remaining crowd to the wine table, where Grant had gotten trapped by Eric Koenig from Philosophy. Grant’s eyes flickered to Tony’s nervously as Tony approached, and for a moment Tony was tempted to leave him to his fate.
"You’re probably right about that,” Steve replied, stroking the side of his thumb over Tony’s ribs. “I don’t know what it would feel like to be sure I’d done enough. But I’m sure about what you’ll do. I know how hard you’ll fight. It’s something that scares me, because no matter what happens today, the fight won’t be over. And we don’t know how much it’s going to cost us to keep going. But at the end of the day, I know this team is going to take care of each other. I don’t always trust myself, and I definitely don’t trust the world out there, but I trust that. I trust us.”
“Tony,” Steve said immediately as he swiped to take the call, “We’re watching it right now. The footage –”
As soon as Dr. Grant's calendar came up, Tony frowned. "That's weird." He started clicking through each day. Grant's schedule was littered with unexplained absences. He'd cancelled multiple classes and rescheduled his office hours on several of the days he didn't teach. He was making Tony look positively dutiful in comparison.
The effect of this pronouncement was somewhat marred by the fact that it was issued upside-down and almost directly into Steve’s lower back: the position Tony had been occupying since Steve had thrown him over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry a few minutes earlier.
Suddenly the gun was falling toward the ground, and Steve reached instinctively to catch it. By the time his hand closed around the cold metal, Natasha was gone.
“Just like what happened to Killian was mine, but I don’t seem to remember you being eager to sit that one out,” Tony retorted.
"Okay, good. Are you sure you're good to drive? I could drive you in and take a taxi back to get your car."
Steve was cinching the final strap that attached his duffel bag to his motorcycle when he finally looked up at Tony. Stark’s entrance into the garage had not been quiet, and Steve’s enhanced hearing could pick up anyone but Romanov from yards away. But Steve had felt his nerves lighting up in anticipation of meeting Tony’s eyes again, and he’d had to take a moment to tighten some things down before he could risk it.
“Where the fuck is he?” Tony demanded, twisting in Natasha’s grip and searching frantically around the hospital room where he now found himself. Clint was rising from a seat by the door and coming over to help Natasha keep Tony in bed. Rhodey was rushing over with a cup of water. But there was no Steve.
“Steve’s right, Tony,” Natasha nodded. “It makes sense to avoid playing by his rules when we can. Clint and I should go with you too: we’ve walked into more traps than the rest of you combined. Also Clint could use the exercise. His reflexes are slowing down in the countryside, and it’s really throwing off the field-injury betting pool.”
“You’re hurt,” Tony insisted, holding Steve gently at bay and trying not to smile at the look of impatience on his face.
“Did I say it was about time you came?” Sam muttered. “I take it back. Another month of Steve’s depression beard would be better than this.”
The results had been borderline inedible. And even though the sight of Tony doubled over with laughter when Steve finally fessed up had thawed out a part of his heart he hadn’t even known was still on ice, the experience of eating a holiday dinner in which half the dishes tasted like over-starched socks forced even Steve to admit that the prank had been a bit of a Pyrrhic victory.
The woman he'd run into took a step back, snapped out a terse apology and pushed past him at top speed. Tony had never seen her before, and he was sure he'd remember her tightly pulled back hair, all black clothes, and bluetooth earpiece. She looked like pre-emotional-journey Miranda Priestly's perfect PA had accidentally wandered into the library while looking for a Starkbucks. Running into three people at Smith was weird all on its own, but two of them being strangers? This was turning into an odd day.
“Pepper, what’s wrong?” Steve asked, fighting to keep his voice calm. Natasha jerked toward him, her expression going tight and hard. “Are you okay?”
It took some effort to open his door, as the snow had drifted up against it and jammed it closed. With some shoving, he was able to push enough aside that he could slip out.
He had only made it through four songs and thirty repulsor blasts, however, before the music suddenly cut out. Tony was just warming up a joke about Bruce’s weak bluffing skills when he looked up and felt his heart jump out of his chest. Because it wasn’t Bruce. It was Steve.
Judging by the imprint that a set of pliers had left on his cheek and the impressive grease stain stretching across his forehead, Steve guessed that Tony had reached his final stage of exhaustion: an event that the other four Avengers had started privately referring to as a “Code Wipeout.”
Tony realized the line had moved on without him, so he scurried up to the window. He caught sight of a familiar mess of brown hair and leaned on the counter. "My darling May. How are you this fine Sunday afternoon?"
“Then let’s bust this guy out, Cap,” Tony declared. “And afterward, we can find out what Fury’s keeping from us this time.”
"What the fuck?" Tony hissed under his breath, but he stayed right behind James as he slipped out into the hall, keeping a tight grip on a handful of his shirt.
“Sure,” Clint replied magnanimously, “whatever helps you feel at ease. Just…sit down, will you? You’re making me nervous over there.”
“Point of order,” Tony interrupted, “when did we decide that Thor and Banner are the big guns? I would like the record to reflect that I dispute that designation, and that I will be filing an appeal, on the grounds that I am the only Avenger who carries literal big guns.”
When Tony showed up at the compound after the mission in Lagos, it was the first time he had seen Steve since the battle with Ultron. In fact, the two of them had barely spoken since the night at Barton’s, when Tony had finally gotten up the courage to make a pass at Steve, and Steve had revealed he’d been sitting on the news that Barnes killed Tony’s parents for almost a year. Other than a second round of yelling at each other about Tony’s decision to animate Vision and a professional attempt at battlefield communication during the fighting in Sokovia, Tony had kept his mouth shut, and Steve had kept his distance. As soon as they’d verified that all of Ultron’s bodies had been wiped out, Tony had flown to Malibu and asked Pepper to pack his schedule with work trips so he would have no reason to be in New York while the Avengers moved out of the Tower and into the new upstate training facility.
Steve had just opened his mouth to reply when a new, high-pitched beeping joined the sounds of the television and the alert still pinging from their comms. Both of them turned to look for its source and saw that the metal disc containing Ward’s footage had started flashing red.
Tony’s face broke into a broad grin, the hummingbirds in his chest flickering like a string of Christmas lights.
“It’s a little offensive that you’re being so reasonable about this,” Tony muttered to Steve. “This is a horrible day, and I don’t know what you have to feel so irritatingly peaceful about.”
Tony couldn’t help but punctuate the last word with a triumphant wave of his arms: a gesture that, judging from the long sigh on the other end of the line, Rhodey could picture without seeing it.
“You know,” he observed instead, “for someone who can walk around for over an hour without noticing there’s a piece of burnt metal stuck in your hair, you have a very sharp eye for what the people around you need.”
“You brought us the drive, but you left out the Director. Just a little oversight I’m sure. But you know only a Level-10 SHIELD agent is authorized to decode these files. So you’re going to tell us where to find one,” Garrett explained. “The longer it takes you to remember that information, the more difficult things will be.”
Grant’s face blanched again, his brows furrowing in a way that made Tony suddenly want to backpedal.
“You’re right,” Steve said, and he thought he saw a bit of tension drain out of Tony’s shoulders. “You were right about Banner. And I was wrong about you.”
“Well, shit,” he muttered out loud, staring back and forth between Rogers’ ID card and the utterly blank search results. “What the fuck?”
Steve obliged, turning off the engine to his own car and sliding in through the passenger door of Tony’s. He must still have been carrying some tension from defusing the crock-pot riot that had threatened to break out in the Macy’s cookware section, because the muscles in his shoulders began to unknot as he settled into the leather seat next to Tony.
was unwatchably bad or delightfully bad. Steve hadn’t remembered he might cross paths with them on their way to movie night. As if by some unspoken agreement, he and Tony had been taking turns at the team events, but Steve must have gotten so distracted during his run that he’d forgotten to time his return carefully.
For the rest of the ride back to their makeshift base, everything was silent except for the dull whir of the helicopter blades. Somewhere in the back of Steve’s mind, Bucky was falling over and over, and Nick Fury was dropping a set of bloody trading cards onto a table, but Steve shoved all of that deep into the ice. Finish the mission. The losses would keep for later. They always did.
“Couldn’t stay away, of course,” Tony smirked at him. “When did I hook you? Was it the Joe McCarthy line? I won't tell the Bureau about your secret copies of
“We’ve been over this,” Steve fired back. “We have no way of knowing whether that shooter had any connection to the threats from HYDRA. He wasn’t a match for the partial print Banner found or for the profile Natasha put together. That attempt could just as easily have been
He didn’t have a chance to tell her so, because just then an alert sounded from both of their SHIELD communicators.
“Shocking,” Natasha murmured fondly, running one hand up and down Clint’s arm. “But not everyone is like you
After what felt like hours but was probably more like minutes, Tony finally caught sight of the object he’d been searching for. Sticking part way out from underneath an old leather suitcase was a faded black notebook and the corner of a diagram of a shield etched in blue-and-red ink.
“Not about the door, no,” Steve admitted with a small smile. “You would have made the same call if you’d been on the other side. No, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about Bucky. I’ve spent months trying to figure out how I screwed things up so badly. At first I thought I was protecting him from people who wouldn’t understand – or protecting you from having to learn something so horrible. But I was really just protecting myself. I never figured out how to make it mean less to me – what you thought about me, how you felt. I was so afraid of hurting you or losing you that I ended up doing both.”
“Thank you for calling the Brooklyn Community College library,” an automated voice said finally, “our normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM and Saturday through Sunday, 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM.”
“Normally, I’d offer advice about how impossible it is to reason with a department committed to wearing shorts in all weather, but I seem to remember someone telling me - quite heatedly - that he could form his own impressions of his colleagues, so you can just consider that little rescue a one-time freebie.”
“I won’t bring them Fury,” Steve continued, “Coulson, whether you give me the files or not is up to you. But I’m going.”
“Shoot,” he told his partner, digging into the bag of dried fruit Tony was rattling in his direction.
Maybe Rogers had played a larger role in Project Rebirth than Tony had thought, which might explain how Carter had come into possession of his records. But why would she give the files to his community college with so little fanfare? And why hadn’t Tony come across any other mentions of Rogers’ name in the studies of her career?
“Well in your defense, you had some other things to process at the time. And unlike some of us, you hadn’t recently experienced what it’s like to have Fury plant a lethal assassin on your senior staff. That kind of thing makes a man feel a little paranoid.”
“If you’re worried about whether I’ll be mission ready, Cap, there’s no need. I aced all my freshmen finals with nothing but a bottle of Lipvitan-D, a bag of Funyuns, and adrenaline – and I hadn’t even set foot in two out of the five classes. That razor-thin line between ‘oh my God, call the MacArthur Foundation’ and a total fucking mess? That’s my sweet spot: that’s where I live. So if Fury has concerns –”
There had been something else too, and though Steve couldn’t have framed a professional explanation for why the sight of Stane looming over Tony had raised his hackles, he’d learned to trust the instinct that told him to get in the way first and ask questions later.
The team was facing some shadowy “they,” Tony had said. And hadn’t HYDRA gotten its start by hiding inside more public organizations?
“Thanks, guys,” Tony said. “Really appreciate all the support. But maybe let’s save the rest of the family feedback for the group text.”
“He was here, Steve,” Natasha said. She'd been standing by the window, but she walked over to perch at the foot of his bed as she spoke, one hand resting against his shin. “He didn’t leave your side once until Helen said you were out of the woods.”
When Steve’s chest came into view, the first thing Tony saw was the angry red gash, which cut across Steve’s ribs in the same place where the knight with the silver star had had his chest plate split open by a Hydra blade.
something yelled back in his head, and he wanted to: God, he wanted to. From somewhere ahead of him he heard a distorted noise, which could have been a yell or another collapsing wall. His legs thrashed out toward it, his right hand clawing at the rail, and then everything went dark.
“I thought you’d never ask,” Tony replied. The sound of shooting from below intensified as Tony rocketed past the building, firing through windows as he went. If everything went well, he’d be able to provide enough of a distraction for Rumlow to grab any available intel and for Steve to grab Harrison.
“On it, Cap,” Clint confirmed, and Steve heard a faint whizzing noise as the archer shot an arrow that carried their zipline into position near the evac point. Steve beckoned to Harrison as he took the metal handle out of his utility belt. They got to the window just in time to see Tony shoot around the building, positioning himself to cover their exit. An explosion rocked the building from below, and Rumlow came hurtling out of a first-floor window, clutching a case under his left arm.
Tony drummed his fingers thoughtfully against the table as he pulled up the online veterans records at the National Archives. But while a quick check of the Honor List of Dead and Missing Soldiers yielded one result for “James B. Barnes,” the search engine came up empty on “Steven G. Rogers.” Struck by a sudden suspicion, Tony switched over to enlistment and draft records and plugged in Rogers’ name and date of birth.
“I hadn’t heard about the Hot Pockets,” Steve said, his brow furrowing, “but that makes it the third time this week that the ‘hand of genius’ has struck your lab. Don’t get me wrong: I’m relieved to hear that no frozen turnovers were harmed in today’s incident. But I wouldn’t mind if you switched creative fuels to something a little less volatile. Like eight hours of sleep – just to choose an example totally at random.”
“You’re breaking my heart, Rogers,” Tony said with a grin. “I thought you were starting to love our hot dates with the paranormal.”
He let Natasha move slowly to her feet before he got up to take in the scene: the charred husk of the couch, the twisted hunk that had been Tony’s flat-screen television, three smoldering chairs still being doused by the automatic sprinklers, and a gaping hole where the coffee table had been. Steve felt bile rising sharply in his throat as he realized HYDRA had violated two of Tony’s homes – two places where he was supposed to be safe.
Tony grit his teeth together hard enough that he felt his dentist wince from fourteen blocks over. "Thanks…"
She broke off and pressed a button on the remote. On the television screen, the footage of the Mandarin’s dressing room was replaced by a CNN news feed. Video was looping of an incident downtown D.C.: a black SUV surrounded by men in uniform; a barrage of gunfire; police cars giving chase; and finally an explosion that flipped the battered SUV onto its roof. With a horrible lurch, Steve recognized the man barely visible through the broken window of the car as Nick Fury.
“If by ‘severance package’ you mean she drained her corporate account and raided my liquor stash on her way out, then yes,” Tony agreed. “Also I can’t prove this, but I think she’s the one who reprogrammed my office computer to play ‘You’re So Vain’ every time it reboots.”
“Is that what you told Ty?” he asked, hoping the breathless edge to his voice came out as “playfully offhand” rather than “actively swooning.”
And before the answering grin had time to fully bloom across Steve’s face, Tony pulled him into a kiss, the first brush of their lips soft and slow as Tony’s fingers traced the curves of Steve’s cheeks.
“I guess,” Tony echoed. He felt about as unsatisfied by that account as Steve looked. But revisiting any of the other possible explanations still running through background analysis in his mind would require returning to the vision of Steve standing over him, a gun pointed toward his own head, and there was not currently enough bourbon in the greater metropolitan area to tempt Tony to confront
“I still think we could have gotten that eighth kebab if you’d been willing to consider pant legs as additional real estate,” she told him.
His train of thought was interrupted by the ding of the elevator. The doors slid open, and Steve froze at the sight of Tony and Clint standing on the other side, caught up in a debate about whether
He cleared his throat, smoothing the front of his notes unnecessarily. He could do this. He may not be able to remember his code for the copy machine or get his book orders in on time, but if there was one thing Tony Stark could do better than 95% of his colleagues, it was work a crowd.
“I’m just going to go over a few points with Tony before the debrief tomorrow,” Steve explained when Natasha turned around with a questioning glance.
“Wasn’t much of a fight,” Tony replied grimly. His fists clenched at the thought of Sitwell activating the device, the agony on Steve’s face as the explosive charged against his brain stem, the way his body had convulsed when Tony had thrown the switch that almost killed him –
“I don’t think so, Tony,” he smirked. “You look pretty unsteady there. I think I’d better stay nice and close —” He demonstrated by yanking Tony toward him. “You remember how much you’ve always needed a firm hand.”
“I’m fine,” Tony agreed. He gave one of Steve’s hands a squeeze, and Steve felt a very different kind of heat swoop through his stomach. “And you’re lucky that you will be too. The firefighters showed up right after you tackled my junior P.R. executive into a wall – I asked you not to do that, by the way. But I guess I’ll let it slide this one time, seeing as you saved my life and all.”
the walls of this room are, how there’s almost no furniture around and no laptop in sight. He frowns, turning his attention to Fury again: “Are you… on the run?”
about the Iron Giant, considering what happened the last time he let someone – his father – talk him into using it for something he didn’t approve of.
“I’m not, I just can’t believe you said that to someone. I mean, we didn’t exactly… discuss it, you know?”
he thinks, and although he has considered a similar scenario, hearing it out loud in a room full of strangers gives him goosebumps. He stays silent for a while, trying to come up with a strategy of sorts, but eventually he nods: “It can be done, but I’m going to need Dr. Banner’s help, if I manage to track him down.”
what to do to make sure he understood that he meant every single letter of every word. He’d wrap his big arms around his body and would peck his lips over and over until the shadow of a smile crept up on his face, at which point he’d turn into the hug to kiss him more deeply, body rubbing against the other to make him actually
In the whole of his thirty-four years, the only constant in Steve Rogers’s life has been change. Since the day he was born, back on one of the hottest days of summer 1984, the longest stretch of relative tranquillity he has experienced totals up to six years, which he doesn’t quite remember either, being the very first too. His father an undercover US agent relocated in cold Russia, Joseph Rogers had lived his whole life believing the American way was the most democratic of them all, and had installed that same value into his son since his first cry. Consequently, the fall of the Berlin Wall, in 1989, had consequently left a huge gap in his life, which would ultimately lead to his whole demise. Suddenly out of a job and back in a homeland he didn’t recognize as his own anymore, Joseph quickly grew paranoid that the present times – especially the Clinton presidency – were just a complex plan from the Soviets to overpower the United States, and decided to act accordingly. It started small at first, as it always does. In the initial six months following the Rogers family’s return to Brooklyn, Joseph’s trips to the supermarket and the local hardware store grew more frequent and longer, although his wife – now the breadwinner – didn’t notice, the long hours working as a secretary taking a toll on her after half a lifetime spent being a housewife. Nor she did when, slowly but surely, he started spending more and more time in the basement, emerging again only when it was time for dinner, or going to bed. However, what became clear to her was the sudden spark that seemed to animate Joseph now, making him look a bit like his old self. She didn’t question it, mostly out of fear that her husband’s mood would revert back to be gloomy and frustrated. Had she asked him about it, she might have had a chance – albeit a very remote one – to stop what was happening in that basement.
“Anything to help you. What you’re doing is very brave.” T’Challa says after they’re through with the usual pleasantries.
“I was gonna say, ‘Please tell me you weren’t gonna leave without saying goodbye’ but it’s very clear that’s exactly what your intentions were so I’ll go with a: ‘What the fuck, Tony?’ instead.”
“I’m… fine, I just… remembered something.” Steve manages to articulate eventually, blinking away his stillness although still averting the other’s gaze. “You… You go ahead, I’m gonna walk a bit longer, I think I ate too much…”
be having an hallucination of some sorts – this is what not enough sleep and far too many coffees can do to the human brain – but before he can assemble any logical thought two hands land on each of his sides, pulling him forward to meet a male body whilst familiar lips find his own, and for a moment he’s so flabbergasted and confused and lightheaded that his legs give way and he has to cling on to the arms that now surround him, and that luckily for him are ready and fast enough to sustain his weight.
was there all along. As his eyes meet the azure ones, he can’t help but giving him a frail smile that the other doesn’t reciprocate, knowing all too well it would be a hazard were they to be seen.
“Hey old man… You gave everyone quite the scare out there…” he replies, his lips still against Steve’s hand, as if keeping it there would actually help things to get better, his wounds to heal.
“Well, you should go find someone to dance it with then,” Grant suggests, and although it isn’t an offer, there’s something about the way his eyes naturally find Tony’s that sends shivers down his spine and keeps him from speaking, afraid that he might indeed say what he’s thinking out loud.
Neither of them thinks it wise to try and start talking again, so they remain silent for the rest of their walk home, around ten minutes (
Tony follows him quietly and when his hands are free again he locks them around his waist, hugging him from behind as gently pushing him against the barriers that separate the sidewalk from the river; Steve lets him do it, shivering as their bodies finally touch, and when Tony talks, he’s expressing the same feeling that it’s in both of their heads: “You don’t know how much I’ve missed you…” he whispers, and although he’s fully aware it sounds sexual, he hopes that the other knows that it’s not just that, it’s something
For a few seconds Tony doesn’t say anything, just stares into his blue eyes, as if trying to spot whether this is for real or not. And although it’s scary to admit, he believes it is, so he slowly nods, leaning his forehead against Steve’s and smiling brightly, and when he talks, his voice betrays him, shaking a little, out of the burst of joy that is now filling his heart.
, he reflects) before the other can even say anything. When he does, it’s a stupid question, typical of someone who just can’t believe how lucky they’ve suddenly got.
“Will the pager work in Europe too?” wonders Steve, and Tony knows it’s just to make conversation, he’s not actually asking.
“You’re an idiot,” Steve chuckles, looking down at him and quickly pinching his side, which gets a small shriek out of Tony, who wasn’t expecting it.
, he wonders to himself as he makes his way out of his room and into the corridor, and in his mind there’s not a doubt about where he’s headed. A couple of minutes later, he’s entering the sick bay, eyes immediately spotting Steve lying unconscious on the first bed he comes across. He swallows some of his nervousness down and takes the next few steps that separate him from the other, kneeling down next to the bed for lack of chairs in the nearby and throwing a quick glance at the IV next to him.
Steve blinks, puzzled, opening and closing his mouth a couple of times like if he was a fish. The point is, he just can’t
“Oh… wow, okay, now I can see what the fuss is all about…” his companion declares, munching away in delight.
of options out there, so he’d taken a napkin, asked for a pen, and began listing the various options. He had gotten so absorbed by the whole thing that it was only once the waitress had asked him if he was done with his job today that his eyes almost casually fell on the clock wall, and he had discovered that he only had five minutes to go back to work before the bank opened again.
?” Steve replies, meeting his eyes with a puzzled and alarmed look on his face which makes Tony smile earnestly.
. And that’s because people tend to be – consciously or not – intimidated by his person, creating this
Tony desperately wants to throw up, not only the three cups of coffee he’s drank today so far, but possibly his own soul too, or what there is left of it. Probably not a lot, after all that’s happened recently.
“So what? I’m just supposed to stay here while you go… becoming best buddies with that poor excuse of a man? This is a joke.”
But if Tony thought that would be self-explanatory enough, he was wrong, because the other follows up with yet another question: “How do I even
“… it’s not safe.” Steve concludes for him, sighing and taking them from him again to slip them inside his joggers. “I hate this.”
?!” Steve stops his sentence as he sees Tony making an attempt to stand up. “The doctor said you should rest and…”
, they would tell people, and because everyone is so damn scared of not better specified threats, they end up believing whatever comes next, hence agreeing to the worst sort of rules or plans without even taking a moment to consider the consequences. The one irrefutable thing he’s learned during his time in this government is that you can get away with all kinds of shit if only you know how to play on people’s perception of safety.
A couple of seconds of silence before her flabbergasted voice replies: “Steve… You really need to see this.”
of confused glances all around the table, and for the life of him he can’t understand the reason. What happened between them is basically public knowledge, so why is everyone acting like it’s something
Steve feels incredibly stupid, standing there in the living room and dancing with Tony to a tune from fifty years ago, but damn if it doesn’t feel good. Tony nods at him and goes so down on his knees that he can feel his back complaining, but he doesn’t care as long as it makes his companion smile. When the song finishes, he points his finger at him and grins: “Don’t tell me that wasn’t fun.”
As he pushes the main door open to enter the hall, the soft and jazzy music steals his attention, and he reminds himself that this is supposed to be his night off, so enough with sad thoughts, enough with the philosophical, internal debate that was about to start into his head: it’s time for his eyes to get to work, to find a dancing partner and move swiftly with them through the evening. He smiles as some sort of self-encouragement – not that he needs it, his looks do that part for him – because even though he’s what you would call a pro, he has been off the game for more than a year now, and he feels rusty, his mind having been so focused on serious matters ever since then that he’s afraid his movements will be stiff, his words will sound rehearsed, ever it they are not. The room is full with cigarette smoke, laughter and chatter, noises he hasn’t heard in a while and that almost stagger him as he puts a foot before the other, not exactly sure of what to do now that he’s in the midst of it all. He never had to actually
, he thinks as he waits outside the campaign manager’s office, located on the second floor in the West Wing of the White House; for someone who is quite used to put on a mask and hide his true feelings, Tony is highly uncomfortable sitting there, feeling like that time he got sent to the principal’s office in boarding school after he had demonstrated to his peers the inaccuracy of what their teacher was trying to say (apparently that was categorized as ‘ridiculing’, although he couldn’t exactly understand why at that point). He’s left his pager in his car, thinking it was not prudent enough to carry it straight into enemy’s territory, and maybe that’s partly why he keeps looking edgily around the room, tapping his heel on the floor, trying to keep his mind occupied with any kind of thought which doesn’t involve Steve in a way or the other.
Steve is the first one to come back to his senses, thanks to large part to his military experience. He rushes towards him, managing to catch him as his knees give way, just before he goes crashing on the ground.
When Steve awakens with the first light brought in by the dawn, he finds a new, strange feeling waiting for him at the pit of his stomach, and although it’s not exactly painful, it’s uncomfortable enough to make him stand in front of the mirror to check his tummy area for a long while, as if he was expecting to spot a cancerous growth if only he looked
of them out there. And even in that, she was actually right: the only ‘super’ thing about him is his brain, that’s undeniable, but evil masterminds and aliens are not mathematical equations waiting to be solved or mysteries waiting to be revealed; you need super strength or special powers or anything out of science fiction, and he possesses
“Don’t worry about that, it’s with Jessica and Carol,” he reveals, “It’s not overstating it that they already know us at our worst, I seriously doubt they would flinch an eye at this…”
not working so we’ll have to come up with a new plan and I just…” he makes another pause, longer this time, and Tony uses it to leave a kiss on Steve’s cheek, rubbing his nose against his skin. “Let’s do it. Let’s get married tomorrow.” Steve gives him an awkward smile as he finishes his sentence, and Tony nods his approval before kissing him gently, figuring it’s the only appropriate response to his words.
“Bold of you to assume I’d let you come here alone, Mr. Stark. And maybe your father started it, but he didn’t
. Tony couldn’t disagree more. He’d much rather forget about the whole incident. But he knows that wouldn’t work with the blonde, so he takes a deep breath and allows him to catch up.
Steve puts the oxygen mask back on his mouth and closes his eyes, but lets his hand being held by Tony, who seems unable to move from that position. Or to find some meaningful words to say.
When the coordinates appear on the display he is confused at first, because they seem to indicate a spot in New Hampshire away from everything else, civilization included. Of course, there’s still the chance there could be a mission happening on the ground, no matter the appearances.
There’s a significant pause that makes him wonder whether the other is actually considering his next words more carefully than usual because he indeed
“Well, uh… this is really… unexpected. I’m sure you understand, I’ll have to report back to the President, see what he thinks…”
It wasn’t his intention to make a big deal out of his going away, but when it came down to actually plan it, he soon had to realize that there wasn’t any other efficient way to do it if he indeed didn’t want to be found. So now that this part is finally out of the way he can move up to the next step of his strategy: forcing himself to actually do it. Because yeah, goodbyes were hard and definitely not his strongest quality, but that’s a walk in the park compared to let go for real of everything else. Because what if his calculations were wrong, and somebody attacked Earth when he was away? Would Steve actually call him? Would Pepper? Or would they think they could handle it, no matter how complicated things got? Would Strange make that call for them? He trusts the magician would not think it twice if it came down to it, and that thought soothes him a bit.
“Anthony. But I have the feeling you knew that already. I’m not military, by the way. No offense, but I really dislike the Army.”
it. They seem to belong more to a scientific conundrum than to a battlefield. Which incidentally means, he feels like a fish out of water right now. The newcomers all shake hands with Fury before taking each a seat around the table, and it appears is only in this moment that they become aware of Steve’s presence.
“Very well, sir,” the butler laconically replies, giving a brief nod before starting on his way back inside.
“Sure, why not?” he replies with a small smirk, nodding and starting to walk quietly. The evening is slightly colder than the last time, and when he looks up at the sky, he notices dark, heavy clouds above them, threatening rain. “I hope it won’t start until we’re back…” he mutters, mostly to himself, not wanting his clothes to get wet – he
“I don’t know where he is, but I can certainly find out, don’t worry. Is there anything else you need me to report?”
, so to speak. Nevertheless, information about it has reached him secondhand, and he remembers enough to pick up on the clues he’s collected throughout the night. He takes his t-shirt off as he walks quickly to the bed where Mark is already lying, entirely naked –
As it turns out, when you’re travelling in the galaxy time tends to become a very relative concept, as space goes on and on, the human alternation between day and night forgotten, the stars infinite and bright. He manages to keep track of it for the first two weeks, but by the third he can’t be sure whether all of his days are accounted for; by the fourth, he simply stops even trying to count them. He doesn’t see the point in doing it anyway. Part of the reason why he had set his mind on this intergalactic solitary adventure was to defeat his own fear of the unknown, the very thing that had started him off in his quest towards Earth’s protection in the first place – sure, you could blame Loki for it, but really, he now realizes it was actually just a matter of time before an alien invasion took place, they all should have seen it coming from miles away. For six long years space had been his nightmare, keeping him up at night and giving him panic attacks, and instead of doing the most logical thing (trying to understand it) he had almost gone insane in his attempt to keep it at a distance. But now that he’s
to know, and decides in that moment he’s going to offer to be Tony’s guide to the new century, although he will probably be turned down – the guy will have no problems picking up someone
The house is surprisingly full with furniture and decorated in a typical country style that Tony finds a bit oppressing and claustrophobic to be bluntly honest, especially if he compares it to what his eyes have seen recently. It all seems so
with which it hits him is a total surprise. Still, he can’t bring himself to care, the panic attack is on the verge of breaking out now, his chest feels as tight as if stripped onto a hospital bed and he feels like his skin is boiling up. He shoves Steve with all the energy he’s got left in him, and it’s only now that he notices a terrifyingly familiar blue light coming from one of the other’s pockets; even in the midst of all this, he can’t lie to himself about what that could be. Because surely enough, if his supposition is correct, then…
, he thinks, staying silent for a few moments, his thoughts relentlessly chasing each other inside his brain as he tries so desperately to come up with an idea that could drag them out of this mess. But before he can say anything, Fury talks again.
!” the stranger moans as he starts stroking his own dick, but Steve’s eyes open at the sound of his own name being called out like this and for a moment he completely freezes in his position. Mark doesn’t seem to notice – if he does, he gives no sign of it – and Steve obeys to his request, but his mind has now taken control again, demanding attention. His name on the guy’s lips sounded weird, misplaced.
Steve doesn’t quite understand whether the other was being sarcastic or not, but before he can explore the comment any further, there’s a soft knock on the door and a second later one of the nurses he saw in sick bay earlier appears on the entrance.
“We’ve been at this for a while, Winghead, I’d be worried if I didn’t…” he replies instead, to mask his real feelings, although he’s not quite sure
After what came out of his mouth the last time, Tony doesn’t trust himself to speak, not for the time being anyway, so he launches himself towards Steve, wrapping his arms around his neck as he kisses him with an intensity he’s quite sure he has never felt before, pulling him along as he lies down again, causing the box to fall off the bed.
charm. He was probably planning to spend the evening helping Parker paint cartoon trash cans on plywood for the production of
But unfortunately, the next fifty minutes forced Tony to revise that opinion, as Dr. Grant managed to get himself back on the speaker’s list a staggering six times to raise objections about the rhetorical framing of the Western Cultures class, the lack of diversity requirements for the Economics major, and the unequal funding for student political organizations. Each new comment set off an answering volley of bureaucratic considerations from Sitwell, who by this point was vibrating with ill-concealed glee. Tony could feel the will to go on seeping out of him with every passing minute, but the set of Grant’s shoulders seemed to indicate that he was just getting started.
Tony grabbed a poker from its stand next to the fire and jammed the point into a crack between two slats, using the tool to pry back the floorboards in chunks. By the time he pulled off the fourth block of wood, there was no doubt what they were looking at. Tony stood up next to Steve so they could survey the two corpses: one tall, broad, and faintly blonde, and the other more compact, with waves of dark hair and the remains of a goatee. Their bodies had partially decayed, but their clothes were reasonably well preserved, aside from a layer of dust and two rings of crusted blood surrounding the places where each torso had been pierced by a bullet.
“Come on, Cap!” Clint protested. “I’d be the best choice. I get knocked out all the time. I know which ways hurt the least, and which ones make the funniest stories later.”
“What are you doing?” Tony demanded, his own gun snapping from Natasha to his partner automatically.
“Well, I brought him a new uniform,” Tony said. “Extra flame-retardant to accommodate his habit of recreational grenade-jumping. Got some goodies for the rest of you too. Thrusters that don’t bank like a 747 for Wilson and that dark chocolate with the chili peppers for Wanda.”
Tony started off in the direction Steve had indicated, but Steve found himself hesitating at the fork, glancing back behind him at the way they had come. Something seemed off. Zemo had obviously gone to elaborate lengths to weaponize the rig, but now he didn’t even seem to be trying that hard to hurt or capture them. The gas wasn’t fast-acting enough to incapacitate them, and the doors had never shut in a way that would trap them all in one place where they could be picked off.
“This is, without a doubt, the most Scooby-Doo way that anyone has ever tried to kidnap me,” Tony said.
Tony picked at the corner of his coaster while he considered his response. There was no point pretending he wasn’t panicking, he supposed, since he’d pulled the trigger on the third postponement just yesterday. With a flimsy excuse about needing to attend to new developments in his father’s estate, he’d bought himself three more weeks: enough time either to pull together forty minutes of new material, or else to cobble together a talk based on old research and watch Tyler Hayward from the Promotion and Tenure committee shake his head in faux-regret from the first row.
Tony slid into his usual seat at the back of the lecture hall, kicking his feet up onto the chair next to him and letting his sunglasses slip far enough down his nose to conceal the direction of his eyes as he poured over his notes from yesterday’s research. He’d been making decent progress on his book project – a study of unconventional military technologies in World War II – until he’d discovered a footnote in an old article about Margaret Carter that had made no sense at all: a reference to the pivotal role that something called “Project Rebirth” had played in the course of her life.
“Would have been even nicer before my car got totaled!” shouted a voice Tony didn’t recognize but assumed must belong to Sam Wilson.
“I’m down here because I’m your friend,” Bruce said, softly but firmly. “And because you’re not the only one on the team who tries to avoid your problems by solving different ones.”
“HYDRA isn’t one person,” Steve put in. “It’s a network of assassins who specialize in high-profile targets. And if it’s true that someone hired them to put a hit on you, then – with all due respect to your current staff – this situation is out of SI’s league.”
Content warning: violence, canonical minor character death, scary medical situation, but a HAPPY ENDING
they want it to be you,” Coulson explained. “You see, Project Centipede has been having a problem – it’s why they’re after the formula for GH 325. They’ve developed a new serum, but the people they inject with it keep exploding.”
“And miss a chance to watch you two play footsie? No way,” Natasha said. “I would destroy you both at that game, by the way.”
Harrison threw his arms over Steve’s shoulders and clung to his back as they shot down the line. Steve took three running steps as he hit the ground and then let Harrison disengage. Tony flew over their heads, Clint in tow, and they followed his path toward the waiting helicopter.
The light peeked through the clouds in an unexpected place: the Google alert that Tony had set up for “Margaret Carter” returned a result from Brooklyn Community College. The accompanying article explained that the college was naming a new wing of their library in Carter’s honor in gratitude for her long-standing support and a generous donation that the Carter estate had made after her passing in 2016.
Whatever hopes he’d had that weeks on the road would help him maintain more friendly, professional feelings toward his teammate had gone out the window the second he saw him again at the Triskelion. His only chance of salvaging things now was to try to keep it together well enough that Tony wouldn’t notice Steve leaning toward him all the time like the world’s saddest sunflower.
turned to find one of his puppy-esque honors students bouncing eagerly at his side. This particular student happened to be the nephew of the chef who supplied his pie, so he pushed back his hanger and turned on the charm. "Well, if it isn't Mr. Parker? How's your primary-source analysis coming along?"
But he couldn’t bring himself to offer Tony a hope that might be false. He’d learned the hard way that trying to spare someone pain in the present could make it hurt even more later.
The bearer of this bad news was Sir James Rhodes: Knight of the Arc, marshal of King Anthony’s court, and lifelong companion to his majesty’s more impatient moods. Indeed, King Anthony (or Tony, as Rhodes could still be persuaded to call him on private occasions) suspected it was the last of these three qualifications that had earned his childhood friend the dubious honor of making today’s report. With the possible exception of Tony’s personal attendant, Steven Rogers, who was currently arranging a stack of petitions on the table to Tony’s right, no other member of the court was more familiar with the sour temper that descended on the king every time a knight from his personal guard was wounded in battle. And the fact that this particular knight had received his injury while protecting Tony from a Hydra blade – and then vanished from the field before he could be identified – had only made matters worse. The memory of watching a stroke meant for him cleave through another man’s armor had stretched Tony’s nerves taut, like warp threads across a loom.
So really, Steve thought, after the near heart attack it had caused him to see Tony pitching toward the ground in a sudden collapse, he was being remarkably level-headed by carrying Tony to the kitchen and not – as had been his first inclination – sprinting him straight to SHIELD medical and demanding a full work-up. He hadn’t yelled for Bruce or interrupted anyone’s enjoyment of cooking-competition shows. He hadn’t verbalized even one of the dozen versions of “Tony, you have to take better care of yourself” that had flashed through his head. All in all, Steve was counting this as progress.
“Captain Rogers,” Ward replied. “You’ve already met our consultant, Skye. Ever since the Mandarin’s threat fell through she’s been watching the web for mentions of his name. Most of the chatter looks like run-of-the-mill conspiracy theories. But she found this anonymous video circulating on Reddit, and she wanted to be sure you saw it as soon as possible.”
"Tony,” he said, wrapping his free hand gently around the back of Tony’s arm, “we’ll find out who’s doing this.”
“Tony,” Steve said, and Tony could feel the pressure of his gaze building on the back of his neck, “what do you mean ‘handled’?”
“Oh, I’m starting to want you to make me,” he said, leaning back against the railing so that his hips jutted ever so slightly forward.
What he found was not an abundance of matter. The sheets of paper, many yellowed with age, didn’t even fill the box to the brim. At the top of the stack was an Enlisted Reserves ID card, which gave Rogers’ date of enlistment as July 1943, for the duration of the war plus six months. He’d joined the reserves at twenty-six years old, and according to the second half of the card, he’d had blonde hair, blue eyes, a fair complexion, and stood just 5’4” tall. Tony supposed that last fact explained some of the ass kickings.
“Skye didn’t find the footage that Ward brought you,” Coulson confirmed gently. “I think he probably leaked it on Garrett’s orders to get access to you –”
“So we’re even on confessions now,” Tony continued. “But that doesn’t mean you can’t, you know, tell me more about your days as an unacknowledged bisexual icon. Or whatever.”
“Access to lurking is one of the many perks of my position,” Tony said finally. “Not taking advantage of it would just be wasteful.”
It could be a complete coincidence, Tony reflected, finally completing his step to the ground floor and resuming his progress back to his car. His father had worked briefly with military operations during World War II - his stories had been part of the reason Tony developed his interest in the field - but he’d never mentioned Peggy Carter, Colonel Phillips, or anything to do with high-stakes weapons development. And despite his lack of professional success later on, Howard Stark hadn’t exactly been known for humility about his work.
But before he can finish his sentence, Tony closes the gap between them, pulls him closer with an arm and seals their lips together in a slow, longing kiss.
“You probably don’t remember this, but this is actually the second time we’re dancing to this song.”
“Who put you up to this? Was it Nat? I swear, when are you actually gonna learn not to bet against her?”
believe it will, possibly sooner rather than later, otherwise… well, what are we fighting for? Freedom comes in all sorts of forms and shapes, it
A couple of minutes go by – in which Tony observes stupefied other oddities in the room: flowers, and some sort of black picture frame on the opposite wall with a red dot on the bottom right corner – before the door opens and a group of three – two men (including the blonde he saw earlier in the cave) and a woman, all wearing very peculiar clothes – enters the room.
, I decided that our priority was to get you out of there, so we stopped searching. The others are gonna go b—“
to lie and say something like “Sure, last time I checked I was a genius!”, but knowing at the same time that it’s impossible here: “I don’t know how, Steve. I… don’t think it’s possible.”
does. The sleep has made Tony some good: now able to stand on his two feet, he holds on to the rail as they get off their jet, just to be on the safe side, but once he gets on the ground, he manages to walk without having to lean on Steve, which makes him feel better. He might not be the sturdy type, but it’s definitely not in his habit to relay so
when he stood up to him about his suit. How much of that behavior was because of his mindset towards authorities – certainly different back in 1940s – and how much was just personality? Steve
. Sure, for now the world is safe, but what if I had stopped in 2013? What would have happened then? You might think this is my ego talking, and maybe a bit
, and I don’t trust myself around you, I turn into a stupid fool even more than usual and I just can’t…” he sighs deeply, wishing the other would understand what he’s trying to say so desperately, that he would stop getting closer and closer until they’re just inches apart and he can sense any rational thought starting to abandon his brain once more.
The honest answer would be ‘I don’t know’, but of course he’s not going to say that. He goes for “Give me a second,” instead, mostly to try and figure out their next move, but right in this moment some sort of light catches the corner of his eye. Thinking it’s just a sun ray reflecting on something shiny, he keeps silent in the comms as he moves toward whatever grabbed his attention.
But Tony is paralyzed now, can’t even speak. All he does is staring at the other, a mask of pure disbelief and confusion on his face.
, and that’s why, having basically run away after that impromptu kiss two nights ago, he’s literally locked himself into his lab and has been there ever since, siege protocol activated, dark blinds pulled all the way down to shield it from outsiders’ looks, surviving on a diet of black coffee and rice cakes. He would go on like this for a couple of weeks at least, except of course Steve has other plans in mind.
like a team. And although there’s no official vote or anything of the sort, Steve finds himself put in the position of leader – just as if his title,
stupid people can be and how much saying those things makes him sick to his stomach, but smirks and pushes even forward, defending the Second Amendment and trying his best to ignore the goosebumps of horror all over his body. At that point, the President comes on stage, they hug and shake hands, and as he rallies the crowd up Tony rushes to the bathroom to splash some fresh water on his face and try to calm down.
– is like nothing that he has witnessed before, and not just as it’s a last minute one. Because of their situation, it’s just the five of them (the grooms, T’Challa to officiate, Sam and Rhodey as witnesses) if you don’t count the robots (although Jocasta would have something to say in this regard); there are no personalized vows (they both agreed to save the cheesiness for the
“S-Steve?” he mumbles, his mouth dry and his throat swollen so much that it’s painful to speak. For someone who is used to talk a great deal, this revelation is maybe even scarier than anything else.
the person who shouted his name. He stares at Miss Goodwin until she caves in, certainly reading the serious look in his eyes and deciding he knows better.
“So… What do you think?” he asks again all the same after a minute, looking at Steve with a serious glance that tells the other this is a genuine question, and not one meant to pull his leg.
, although he was, y’know, dead at that point, and he was crying at his bedside. The memory makes him shiver again, but this time the cold has nothing to do with it. “Thanks for the jacket.”
Tony stays silent for a little while, rubbing his eyes to try and get rid of the shadow of his nightmare that is still lingering inside his head as if it was a parasite. Then he takes a deep sigh and leans back against Steve, smiling a bit embarrassed as he looks up at him: “Sorry, that was… weird… and very realistic, shit. Sorry I woke you up.”
The ringing of his phone wakes him up abruptly after a mere three hours of uncomfortable sleep – he dozed off while working on an algorithm to broaden his pagers’ frequency to more than one thousand miles, something that has been proving to be really challenging; he taps the button on the side of his StarkBud and answers the call, rubbing exhaustion off his eyes.
what happens in the Cabinet, but I don’t even have the right to ask what is it that you guys are doing over here?”
And Tony seals the vow with a deep kiss, his body moving independently as he climbs on Steve’s lap, gently pushing him down on the mattress again even if he really shouldn’t, because they both have places to be, battles to fight. But he doesn’t stop, neither does Steve, and before long their moans fill the room once more as they lose themselves into each other yet again.
“I’ll suck you off, you like that, don’t you? You want me to swallow it? Got no problem with that either, lemme do that for you…”
“Yeah, that’s pretty much the plan,” Fury confirms as replying to the four sets of eyes immediately turning towards him. “But first, we need to find the tenth ring before Loki does. That’s the only way we’d have a chance to succeed. And we don’t have much time before he realizes he’s missing one.”
“Gotta admit, this is a nice piece of armor,” Hank says, crossing his arms over his chest as he takes a look around it.
what. Cap and Iron Man. I’ve noticed the way you guys have been looking at each other tonight. Wasn’t like anything I’ve seen before.”
He nods – talking is still out of the question for now – and for good measure he puts his hands up to show he has no intention of grabbing his own weapon.
Okay, so Steve isn’t the only one who’s confused about this whole thing. The thought reassures him a bit for some reason. But there’s more. A detail is gnawing at him ever since he’s heard the victim of the robber: Stark. Why is that name so
Tony catches a glimpse of Rhodey walking away, and although he wishes he didn’t, he can’t blame him, not really. He himself doesn’t want to get involved in this. He briefly considers making a run for it, plain and simple, but that would be a real dick move.
“Dammit, Steve…” he mutters to himself, rolling on the side facing the wall and closing his eyes once more.
He stays silent for a longer while this time, a real fight happening inside of his brain, but eventually he figures there’s no harm in shooting for the moon: the worst thing that could happen is that it just doesn’t go through.
The glance that Steve gives him now is one of pure confusion, which tells him that maybe he did, maybe he didn’t, but either way, he never came up with an answer that completely satisfied him. He stays silent, shaking his head.
the right choice, she had always been: grounded, and smart, and loyal, even when she didn’t understand why he needed to continue being a superhero when there were
“What’s wrong with that?” the other asks, leaving a kiss through his damp hair and looking down at him.
Steve lets one of Tony’s hands go and then spins him gently around, so that they’re now facing each other; Tony can’t help but smiling widely as it happens, because
“I’ve gotta say, I was quite surprised to receive your phone call, last we’d heard you were… well, off planet.”
The new Stark offices are located in lower Manhattan, in a tower surrounded by other towers, which, if in part gives them an aura of importance and majesty that they didn’t really have before, in return it feels all too claustrophobic for Tony, used to big open spaces and to be able to see the sky at all times. As he walks inside the building, wearing his rugged t-shirt and joggers, being eye-sided by the security and the employees, he can’t help but giggling to himself, thinking that they would never imagine he’s, in fact, their boss: he wouldn’t believe it himself. And that’s why, eventually, an armed guard does stop him, once he gets to the top floor and is about to reach Pepper’s office.
The President likes that answer, and approves of it straightaway, much to Tony’s relief; knowing that this was a crucial point, he had been recently working day and night on it to find a somewhat pacific solution without compromising his position: this way, he would insert a 100% humanitarian directory in the drones’ programming, therefore avoiding that, even in the improbable possibility of external meddling, they couldn’t be used to harm civilians. He doesn’t exactly know whether using his personal resources is a violation of any law – although he had sworn he would familiarize himself with them, he never got around to actually do it, time being limited as it is – but on the other hand, compared to the amount of infractions to human rights conventions that this administration was planning to do, he’s sure a purely bureaucratic one would be on the bottom of the list. He scribbles a note to himself – he’s found out this morning that no electrical equipment is allowed within the White House, including his techno glasses, which are now lying at the security checkpoint like banal commodity – and then listens helplessly as the President moves on to the next point, which is the ban of gay marriage, overruling the decision of the Supreme Court. The conversation gets surprisingly heated quite fast (he would have expected to be a quite unanimous consensus, given the kind of people in the room), mostly because other cabinet members point out how
