The office space was small but well thought-out. Four sets of dividers created clear sections. And at the back of the wall there was a huge map of the US with eighty-four different pins on it, the pins each one of four different colors. There was about twenty men and women in the room. There were mostly betas and omegas, but there were a couple of Alphas too.  Most of them were younger, in their twenties and thirties.
It was the first time he had ever called her by her name.  For some reason, Bucky's programming had made it difficult for him to identify people as individuals.  Aside from Karpov, Bucky tended to refer to people by their traits. "The girl," "the omega," "the blond," "the tall one," "the man with the blue eyes..."  Bucky rarely referred to anyone by name. Lately, he'd been calling Pietro and Steve by theirs, but Wanda had always just been "the girl."
"Whenever you're ready." David nodded and Steve swallowed. The stark red blood against pale sheets was hardly inviting. A little woodenly, he moved to lie down, legs bent. Awkwardly, he pulled off his pants (bloody too, like the sheets) and dropped them on the floor, his robe at least offering him some decency.
But it quickly evaporated.  "You know if you're having any treasonous ideas I've got to report them to Fury, right?"
"Oh, by the way, Donner is at the house," Steve said. "Not sure if you picked up on that. You were kind of out of it when I called him. But Gideon found him at George's. Managed to convince Donner to come back to ours, told him that if he insisted he was there of his own free will, that they couldn't take him away. And apparently Pepper gave Gideon's people a good talking to as well."
"Where the hell do we go from here? Will they follow?" he breathed, more men appearing as they left the entrance. Bullets scattered over the concrete but thankfully didn't catch any of the wheels.  "How did they know we were meeting in my old apartment this morning, Nick?  ...Nick?" demanded Steve.
. That was until the pain. He rubbed at the back of his neck subconsciously, Tony's scar a comforting bump in his skin.
After Steve had hung up, one of the police officers snagged him.  They were still sweeping the school with the thoroughness of a much larger agency, even though they were mostly made up of volunteers; however, the process didn't simply involve getting the kids shepherded out, but of taking photographs and locating records and putting things into neatly-labeled evidence bags.
Tony gave his hand a light smack.  "Stop eating those.  Put 'em on your eyes.  If you want something to eat, just ask.  CINDY!  Bring Steve some snacks before he starts eating lotion."
"It's okay.  Good omega," murmured Tony.  He leaned down, kissed the mark, nuzzling it with his lips, trying to find any familiar ridge.  His own mark was still there, mostly gone, though. Still, he could see one or two small dimples that were slightly out of place from the primary mark, left there by his own teeth.  "Okay... here we go..." He put his mouth gently over Steve's skin.
God, the things he wanted to do to Steve.  He wanted to mate him, wanted to knot him, wanted to plow him until both of them were exhausted, sweaty messes and Steve was filled with his seed... the thoughts circling through his head were ones that made Tony feel deeply uncomfortable but also ridiculously aroused... "Please..." he found himself begging.
He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to orient himself.  He remembered the world in a series of snapshots: blood staining a tuft of dry grass, the glassy unblinking eyes of a driver, whose body lay limp in the rocky soil like a scarecrow, the shiny casings of bullets glinting in the sun.  This wasn't war as he'd imagined it, as he'd pictured it from hearing his father and Obadiah talk about it; this was the type of war photojournalists and angry protesters talked about, the kind he assumed was rare and probably over-hyped.  This was real war, gritty, loud, overwhelming, and he wanted to grasp at the things he understood, things that reminded him of his safer, luxurious reality that wasn't supposed to ever overlap with this hellscape of limp bodies and bloody sand and barking gunfire.
!  Where do you get off telling me what to do, anyway?  You're nothing but a spade who needs to be put in your place."
"I'll be careful," Steve promised. "I just wanna talk to them, not make them uncomfortable.  I've been careful of that. Or I thought I had. I don't think I got Donner into trouble, at least, but I managed to apologise to him for before.  I was grateful for that."
Steve and Tony were quiet as they sat curled in bed, Tony's arms around Steve's waist and Steve' bond-mark, still healing, between them.
She nodded.  "Understandable."  She reached into her small black purse and pulled out a recorder.  "Do you mind if I record this, Captain? This is for my own personal use and won't be shared.  If you prefer, I can take notes the old-fashioned way, but I'm a leftie and I always end up smearing lead all over my hand, so I prefer the recorder."
. It's just underneath my skin so you can't see it anymore," he explained, staring down at his hands. Fuck. He really needed to pee but now wasn't the time to be undoing his pants in front of Bucky.
.  Oh, gosh, it hurts... can we call... can we call Banksy?  And George? And Aria? And Pepper?" asked Donner. "Oh gosh... it... it actually really hurts a lot.  It feels like there's hot iron bands across my lower back. And an electric drill on my insides. And--"
"Well..."  Tony pulled out a carton of eggs and found a bowl.  "...we're in trouble, I guess." He pulled up his pants' leg to show her the ankle monitor.  "Steve's got to apologize to Yemen. But that's pretty much it."
Tony found Steve's hand and gave it a squeeze.  His mate felt uncharacteristically worried. Not nervous, just... out of place.  Poor Steve, thought Tony. It was unfair to make him give these huge press conferences so soon after being force-bonded.  He needed his privacy.
"It'll be easier to cut you off now Steve. I know this is hard," Phil was trying to be nice about it. Steve could tell. "The chance of James ever being safe enough to be let back out into society is..."
His last thought before he passed out was that maybe, if he left Steve start going on dangerous missions he didn't approve of, it would give him some leverage to start flirting with women again.
"Yeah, sure, why not?  They're your friends.  It'll be like a double date," said Tony.  "We can do whatever you want, Steve.  It's your birthday.  You name it, it's yours."  He rubbed the back of Steve's neck with his thumb.
"Come on Tony," Steve murmured, voice thick and heady. He tilted his head to the side, offering more skin as Tony nuzzled against it. "Touch me. Please. Anywhere. Just..."
Steve felt shame run through him. He thought the feeling belonged to him but he wasn't entirely sure. He was almost shaking. Didn't Tony want him? Had Steve fucked this up forever?  He wasn't right a
"Steve, I'm so sorry," gasped Tony.  "I panicked, I shouldn't have yanked, fuck--"  His eyes were actually watering. He was worried he might vomit.  He concentrated on not doing that, since he was pretty sure puking down your mate's back wasn't on the list of things you're supposed to do during heats.
," said Donner firmly.  "I want-- I want him-- I want him to only know-- good things."  Another contraction seized him and he arched with a cry of pain.  "
Tony looked instead at the flowers.  Red roses. Ugh. Tony had had plenty of admirers (and gold diggers) in the past, but he still thought it was creepy and weird when total strangers began sending tokens like this.
"Why is this happening to me.  Yinsen.  Please.  I don't wanna die," said Tony, looking up, shivering.  "Can't I just-- just-- replace it--?"
Tony didn't have the heart to tell him that he wasn't just trying to make Steve better for Steve's sake, but his own, too.  Tony felt guilty because he wasn't sure he really believed what he was saying, and besides, he needed Steve to feel confident in himself.  Because when Steve didn't, he got reckless in his attempts to 'prove' himself.  Tony had always thought of it as a sort of Napoleon complex, a throw-back to the days when Steve was short and thin and weak.  But from that day on, Tony found himself thinking of it as guinea pig syndrome, and carried with him the shame of knowing it was his father who had probably suggested testing the serum on an omega in the first place.
It had turned Steve on too, even if he was ashamed to admit it. There was something about Tony calling him a slut that made him feel hot all over and definitely horny. It certainly wasn't something to be said in public, however.
And then Steve was crying silently; tears fell and slipped over the curves of his cheeks without inhibition. Steve sniffed and reached up to dry his cheeks with his sleeves. "Tony. It's okay. It's okay."  He could see the other watching him with wide, worried eyes. Steve offered him the saddest of smiles. "I
Steve's hands fisted in his hair. Stupid people. So stupid. They didn't understand. They could shut up already.  His heat was fogging his mind, making him irritable and confused and disoriented, and he could feel his bond with Bucky, throbbing insistently in his gut, confusing him further.
"I know it's hard for Alphas to... not feel in charge," said Clint slowly.  "It's your body and your choice, so if you want to get a vasectomy, go ahead.  But if Steve wants kids, he shouldn't be denied that, either. How okay are you with a donor or a surrogate mom?"
"I don't want kids now, no. But...like he said, it's kind of early to just make a decision like that Tony. What about...after HYDRA? Things will be different then. I don't know."
Karpov, on the other hand, was proving impossible to find.  Having made his way through the phonebooks for both Cleveland and Cincinnati, the asset was forced to conclude that he'd have to resort to other methods.  He would have liked to go to Ohio to search for him in person but he was so close to Steve he could almost taste him and he just couldn't bring himself to leave New York, knowing that Steve was only a few miles away.  He hoped that Steve was thinking about him, too. He touched the picture again, longingly, wishing Karpov were here to advise him on how to proceed.
He was on the floor, reeling as a body fell on top of him. And then a punch to his jaw. His vision span and he saw stars. He rolled, trying to get away. "F-fuck..." He stuttered. A second metal hand planted into the floor by his head. He tried to twist out again.
Tony felt a stab of panic.  The dreaded "c" word- commitment.  God, he hoped that word didn't come up in an interview.  He forced his worries out of his mind.  They could deal with those tricky questions in the future; their bond was still so new and shiny.  Tony didn't
But then Steve felt fingers tugging in his hair and he lifted his head back above the water. "Was I doing something wrong?" he asked, sounding genuinely afraid that the answer would be
Tony let Rhodey shove him into bed, but he was still drumming away with his fingers.  Rhodey shot Steve a look. "It might be better to just let him go work. Usually when he gets hopped up, he either works on something or sleeps with like, four women."
He turned to Tony and said, "You look after him." And there was a warmness edging into Ty's tone that Steve hadn't heard before.
"Landscapers, bodyguards, maids, a PA, a pool guy, a whole staff just for all these stupid orchids... but they keep out of my way.  I like having alone time," said Tony.
"He is when he's just with me. Or... right enough. He thinks it's the forties, that the war has just ended." His voice caught a little as he spoke. Steve was trying to hold it together in front of these people but it wasn't easy. Phil came to stand next to him. Their elbows brushed.
"Oh, nothing. Well, Tony played poker; they bet each other's omegas. We got someone's for the night, thought it would be
It was late afternoon by the time they made it back inside the house, Lucky greeting them excitedly and licking the snow off their boots. Laura sent Steve up to go have a shower and had Clint fetch his clothes to shove in the dryer whilst he did so; after all, there was nothing else he could change into. If Steve put on a set of Clint's clothes, he would ruin them.
"My father never thought I was an especially good Alpha.  Maybe he was right. He was certainly a lot more dominant than me.  Maybe that's why they did it."
He'd used to shove his fingers in his mouth when he'd occasionally touched himself in his shared apartment with Bucky. Steve had always wanted to keep quiet and hoped that the other wouldn't notice. He wanted to think of Steve as pure, not committing dirty acts...but sometimes he'd just gotten so frustrated...
Tony laughed breathlessly.  He loved hearing his name, and he loved hearing Steve beg for him. Seeing Steve in ecstasy was almost as good as the actual physical sensation of fucking him.  He was more than happy to comply, to do whatever things Steve wanted, as long as it kept Steve moaning and squirming under him.  He shifted slightly, finding the perfect angle to stroke Steve's prostate, delighting in the way his fingers curled into Tony's hair and the whimpering, shuddering gasps he made under Tony.
and it was undoubtedly the best ego trip he'd had in recent years.  Beneath him Steve was giving weak little cries at each thrust, his hands balling up into the sheets, and Tony was somewhat glad they weren't facing each other because he was sure he had a big stupid grin on his face.
"Let's get some shrimp in you," said Tony finally, pretending to straighten Steve's still-undone bowtie.  The two didn't meet each other's eyes as they exited the bathroom together, but their hands were laced, and their grips on each other firm.
am made from a programming language, Captain Rogers," JARVIS offered helpfully. Steve didn't really understand it any better. But he also figured that he didn't really need to.
"Yes. Gideon Malick," Steve nodded, blushing a little as Laura gave him a double portion of French toast to start with. "He tried to order my lunch for me."
Tony looked around at his house, the modern, minimalist design.  The only room of the house Tony had ever felt home in was his shop.  The rest was impersonal. Everything was immaculately clean, thanks to the staff.
A moment later three more Alphas appeared... one of them was Gideon Malick.  He had a smug expression for about two seconds before he saw Tony was wearing a collar.  He stared at Tony with a look of shock. "...take that off, you look ridiculous."
Steve sat next to him, their hands entwined, Tony rubbing his thumb against the back of Steve's hand soothingly.  Steve was avoiding looking at Tony.
Karpov held up a middle finger as he left.  His dislike for Yasic had just increased tenfold.  The idea of using the soldier like that was about as revolting to him as the idea of using one of the K-9 units, or the barrel of his gun.  The soldier was equipment. Nothing more. Perhaps that was why he found the use of the witch and of the soldier's bond so distasteful. The soldier shouldn't have a bond; he shouldn't have memories; he was a shell, an organic robot, not a person.
The room felt thick and heavy with... something. Whatever it was, Steve didn't like it. None of the group did, in fact. There was something especially
thought Tony, closing his eyes, feeling the world rock him.  He'd drunk enough enough that he was feeling better.  Well... not better.  But empty, which was better than the agony of losing Steve.  He felt like a shell.  A taco shell, specifically, the crunchy fragile kind that always split when you bit into it and spilled its contents everywhere.  But Tony no longer had anything to spill.  He was all dried up, a husk.
Donner slouched a little in his seat.  He had insisted that the baby was Gideon's, though there was no proof as of yet.  For the first five months, the baby had tentatively been named "Gideon Jr." (Although Donner had once said, "Or Ladybug, if it's an omega.")  That idea had long since evaporated. But even if Donner no long spoke fondly of Gideon, he never said a word against him, either. Perhaps the closest he'd ever come was on the base, when he had made eye contact and said no.
"Brooke, you are-- you're stunning, and if I wasn't-- I totally would. Don't get me wrong. But I can't-- I just can't stoop down to his level, just because he's being a dick--"
Gleason was an omega.  That made sense, he guessed.  A bit rounder, with soft, androgynous features.  Probably a mother.
Malick and Tony exchanged a look.  They were finally united by their complete and total discomfort in the presence of this very loud, dominant, and opinionated man.
thinks omegas like Steve just needed putting in their place," Aria said. "I won't go into the details, but I'm sure you can imagine. The article was actually pretty sympathetic towards you, Tony."
territory.  Who the hell did she think she was, anyway?  She was practically flirting with Steve.  Tony saw her hand touch Clint lightly and he wondered what the hell that was supposed to mean.
Listening in from the basement, Tony felt a mean, vicious sort of satisfaction in hearing from Steve how terrible his first mate was.  He twirled idly around in his desk chair, feeling a lot calmer than he had a week ago, a lot more secure.  Hearing Steve say Bucky's name still made his hackles rise, but he didn't mind Steve and Natasha chatting, even knowing what a dominant Alpha she was.  It was only when Steve talked openly about his old bite mark... it hurt.  It hurt so much to know Steve had been claimed before.
Steve leaned forward to kiss Tony's forehead. He could still feel his hesitation. "I love you and I'm not going anywhere, okay? That simulation was bullshit. None of it was real. None of it meant anything. A big part of the test is how you deal with it afterwards."
Tony spent most of the meeting just listening, soaking up all the information.  Everyone at the meeting was surprisingly normal and down-to-earth. No one was ogling at him, which he appreciated.
"Then Status Alliance will be there for them," Steve breathed. "Omegas supporting each other and all that. It's not our job to fix everything for them, we'd already be paying off their debts...getting them out is one thing but what happens next is up to them. We're not here to offer charity. We here to make people
Natasha, Sam, Clint, and Tony crouched in a dark storage area, crowded behind a couple of barrels marked with biohazard stickers.  Natasha had taken the lead; she'd obtained a truck (undoubtedly stolen; Tony noted with admiration that she'd hot-wired it); she'd gotten them into the facility, dropping two guards silently, one with a shank to the kidney and another with a ruthlessly efficient twist to the neck.  They were now in possession of a key card, though it wasn't clear what level of access a look-out would have. Probably not to any of the lower levels, which is where they all guessed someone like Steve would be held.
He shuddered as he came, ejaculating into Steve's mouth, murmuring his omega's name lovingly as his hips bucked.  "Omega... Steve... omega..." he purred, squirming, arching, enjoying the inviting warm wetness of Steve's mouth.
The audience chuckled, and Boswell offered him a small, stiff smile.  "Can't teach an old dog new tricks, Tommy."
Currently it was only rumors, and only a trickle.  In a day, that would no doubt change to full-blown hysteria when it was confirmed they were buying a collar.  ...two collars, in fact.
"Please read them carefully before sign--"  (Tony was already scrawling his signature on them.)  "--ing."
"A lab accident that occurred in 2008?" asked Malick, raising an eyebrow.  Obviously he had done his research. Tony's snarl became more pronounced, his lip lifting, and several people had turning, sensing aggression, clearly interested to see if a fight was about to break out.  "...I don't care, especially. I just wanted to make sure you held up your end of the deal. I'm aware that, tonight, you'll be busy with DeSoto, so I've decided to generously allow you to carry out your service to me this afternoon, starting now, and running until the auction."
David paused, weighing options, then said, "Well, Donner, I... I did a pregnancy test and it looks like you're expecting."
"Please don't let it be another twenty years, Tony," said Peggy gently as he and Steve were getting ready to leave.
Sam caught Steve's eye and shook his head with an amused expression.  Despite their bickering and despite everyone's reservations about Tony, they were getting along about as well as could be expected, considering Tony's personality.  Steve knew that everyone was probably giving him a break because Steve vouched for him.  But Natasha was definitely thawing.  At least, as much as she ever did.
"You were respecting the privacy he so very clearly needed," Clint said. "But if you're really worried then his privacy goes out the window. If Steve is in trouble then SHIELD can help. If he isn't in trouble then his little joy ride is over sooner than he'd like. Better to be safe rather than sorry, right?"
Suddenly Phil stuck his head out, phone in hand, a tired smile on his face.  "When you're done, Rogers, send a tweet to Jeffrey Walker. He just had twin girls."
Tony growled in response.  He was still fighting.  He would fight until he was dead, if necessary.  Fear was rolling off the omega and Tony wasn't going to stop, suit or no suit.  He wasn't going to let another innocent person die.  Not on his watch.  Not as long as he was still breathing.
He pressed his lips to Steve's ear; his goatee brushed his skin.  "You're so good.  You're incredible.  Yes.  So good.  That's it... take it... take it just like that... my omega... my good omega, mine..."  He nipped at his earlobe, then drew it into his mouth and sucked on it briefly, burying his cock with a grunt of satisfaction.  His fingers dug into his back as he tried to pull him closer, excited and energetic.  It was the first time in the last two days-- no, two
He cried out as Tony's tongue moved back up to tease at his balls and cock.  Steve's body tensed impossibly and then jerked.  Steve came, his knuckles white against the sheets. It was bordering on painful, the white hot searing rush of relief that tore through him. He gasped and squirmed, whimpering in pleasure and panting as he came down.
Bucky felt encouraged by the sound of his name; he gently turned Steve around, leaning down to bite his mark on the back of Steve's neck, as delicately as possible.  His teeth fit into the scar correctly now. He let out a soft, appreciative growl, wrapped his arms around Steve, his right hand pushing his shirt up and his pants down, touching his abs, fingering the fine trail of hair that trailed down from his navel.
Tony's face was largely expressionless; he just nodded.  "...Dad was... progressive for a guy born in his generation.  He liked omegas. He hired them, worked with them. But I don't think he saw them like people.  Jarvis was kind of like... a beloved dog, I guess. He did love him. Just not as an equal. ...maybe that's why our relationship was so piss-poor.  He saw me as a concept, too. And the problem with concepts are, they're perfect. And people... yeah, people aren't perfect."
"Great!  I'll just have the staff do it for me and bill my room, then," said Tony cheerfully.  "...hey, Donner. What happens to omegas like Ashtray?"
."  Steve ran a hand over his face. "The strongest thing you can do right now is say that you don't care.  You don't care if someone else is gonna try and try your omega away from you...because you simply won't let him," Steve breathed quietly. "I told you I'm not going anywhere. Not unless you kick me out."
"You couldn't help going into heat," he said, fiddling with the thread on the end of his shirt.  "And... and it's my fault that you kneeled.  Knelt?  I shouldn't have asked that.  I... I dunno why I did... but, look, you can tell Fury and his goons that it doesn't matter anyway.  'Cause I don't want an omega.  Steve... Steve, you know how many people I've bedded?  Like... like probably..."  Tony got a faraway gleam in his eye that Steve knew meant he was doing math.  "Well, okay, I've been sexually active for, uh, twenty-one years... fifteen girlfriends, average about four to six months each... so... five months... that's six and a quarter years dating, so we remove that, that's fifteen years I've been stag, and if you assume two partners a week for fifteen years, uh... fourteen hundred and forty.  Or a girl every four days, that's... that's thirteen hundred and sixty-eight.  Every five days... one thousand and ninety-five."
"Yeah, thought I would give myself a break.  You know omegas, always being all helpful and everything," said Tony sarcastically.
"Never mind, I'll explain later," said Tony.  "Hey, Jarv, can you give me and Steve some privacy?  Why don't you go hack some Pentagon files or screw around with Hammer's private servers or something?"
, he thought idly. There wasn't any logic to it, not as far as he could tell, not in the way there was with mechanics.  But that was okay.  With Steve, Tony didn't feel especially self-conscious.
Steve and Natasha arranged a point to meet at once they were done. She patted his arm and then they were off.
was normal and healthy and wonderful. Didn't Bucky know what he'd done? Couldn't be feel how shattered and withered Steve's self-esteem was? Maybe he didn't know it was because of him. Maybe it was easier for him to ignore it than acknowledge it. Maybe it would be easier for Steve too.  Dragging up old feelings wasn't important right now. They were fighting a war.
Natasha was staring pointedly at Steve.  Steve's body was tense; Tony stroked his arm, trying to calm him.
The omega smiled.  "I like you," he said approvingly, rising.  "...once we kill Stark, you can have your omega back."
The thought made Steve feel sick. But he didn't have the time to worry about Tony right now. It was about time he did something for himself.
Steve shuddered underneath him as Tony's wet and hot mouth dragged over the curve of his neck. He couldn't help it. It was an instinctual reaction. He wanted to squirm underneath him, whine to encourage Tony to suck at his neck more...but he didn't. He resisted. This was just cuddling.
"I don't even get why you people put so much pressure on yourselves at Christmas. Just do whatever you want. I swear, some of you act like if you don't get turkey then the world is over," Aria muttered as she got into the car. She was Jewish, Steve had found out after a few weeks of working together, and found all the Christmas extremities quite bemusing. "You see people the rest of the year. Why is the one day so much more important than the rest?"
Wanda hummed.  At times her brother could be dark.  "I heard there's a school in the east for... people like me," she offered tentatively.
"A week is more than enough. Thank you, Doctor." Steve stood as the meeting seemed to be coming to a close. A part of him wanted to rush home to bed, to curl up under the sheets and sleep the day's trauma away. Another part of him knew he had to go to Tony, talk some goddamn sense into him.  What did he think? That Steve wasn't his? Steve had barely even been Bucky's and Steve hadn't even realised they'd remained bonded after the serum in the forties! Didn't
Tony bounded down the rest of the stairs, strode over, and embraced Stone.  Stone didn't get up or hug him back; he sat stiffly, and Tony pulled away quickly.  Not just because of the awkward reception but because Ty's smell was... well, not repulsive, exactly.  Off-putting.
Bucky leaned in to nuzzle Steve's neck.  The heat had made him smell so invitingly, syrupy sweet; the scent glands on his neck, just behind his ears, were practically screaming at Bucky.  Steve's scent and the sudden spasming of his body was like a command that hadn't been ordered with words, but was nonetheless a clear command, a want, a need.
He was finding it too difficult to concentrate, however, on that particular mystery.  His thoughts were being crowded out by other things. Had Steve said DeSoto had been
Tony looked back to Steve and linked their arms together.  "She sounds serious.  We'd better go before she unhinges her jaw and swallows you whole.  I need a drink.  C'mon, the simulation's over, it went pretty good, I think... let's just both relax, okay?  ...hey, d'you think this place has karaoke?"
He slept like a rock.  When Steve joined him later, after saying good-night to the other omegas, he curled an arm around Tony's waist, tugging Tony to his chest and spooning him.  And despite the weird memory foam mattress and the silk sheets, luxuries Steve doubted he'd ever get used to, he slept like a rock, too.
Steve was grinning shyly with Swift on stage, swaying with her, hip-to-hip, leaning into the microphone.  He wasn't going to be arrogant and be like
And now Tony was snapping awake again.  He was on the floor in a limp heap, freezing cold, dripping wet, a shivering mess of pure panic.  They'd been holding his head under water and he was fighting them, certain he was going to drown, his chest on fire, and whenever they pulled his head up, it was all he could do to gasp greedily, desperately at the cold air for a breath before going under again.
Fury sighed.  "Rogers, the Avengers Initiative is not a full-time gig.  You have to understand, this is the future, and we fight a different kind of warfare now.  It's not all charging into bases and spraying gunfire all over the place.  Sometimes, it's subtle, and simple.  We do a lot more intelligence gathering and planning than we do raids, and any raid we do has to be with the approval of the World Security Council.  ...when we're ready for you, we'll let you know.  Until then, focus on having a good Christmas, Rogers."  He clapped a hand on Steve's shoulder.  "There's a life between battles, Steven.  Go and live it."
Sitwell moved to get out gauze tape and bandages, which he wrapped around after sealing the wound with a decent-sized plaster. The bandages were wrapped around his neck and felt like some kind of quasi-collar. Steve didn't like it. He wanted to tug at them but Sitwell's serious expression stopped him from doing so. The man's fingers were red with his blood.
"Steve," said Natasha, grabbing his upper arms.  "You were frozen and that was a one in a million chance.  Barnes... I don't think he was that lucky.  Maybe HYDRA found him and that's how they knew you were an omega, I don't know.  But have some goddamn common sense, Steve.  The Winter Soldier is dangerous.  He's responsible for over a hundred deaths.  And now you're having dreams and... and, I don't know, hallucinations... Steve.  If you're compromised, you need to tell Director Fury.  This isn't safe.  What if they're trying to lure you to them to kill you, huh?  Did you ever think of that?  That maybe, just
He swung out of bed and instinctively checked the bedside stand for a note, but of course, Steve didn't need to leave a note; the interview had been looming over him all week and he'd mentioned a few times his concerns.  Tony, for what it was worth, wasn't worried a bit.  Steve was thoughtful and well-spoken and Tony, at least, was incredibly open about his sex life; he suspected a lot of Steve's misgivings were due to his forties' sensibilities. But Steve had a publicist hand-picked by Pepper, so he ought to be fine.
"Why?  I'm among friends, aren't I?" asked Tony.  He pointed to Pepper.  "Start getting the wheels turning, because we're announcing this charity thing soon.  Steve had ultimate say-so in who he hires, though."  He reached up to pat Steve's bare, damp shoulder, and looked up at him with a fond, almost gooey look.  "So proud of this guy.  ...didn't I pick the best one?"  He leaned his head on Steve's shoulder.  Barefoot, their height difference was noticeable.
"About how much longer?" asked Donner.  "I've already been here for probably two or three hours and... and it took us an hour to get here..."
"There's no rule against it," said Tony quickly.  "Alphas can wear necklaces, can't they? So what if mine just
Steve was supposed to send as much information as he could on Tony's designs. But after everything that happened in court he made the personal decision that SHIELD didn't have the right to it. He would write his Avengers report, but that was all. So Steve had sent in his own hand drawn diagrams of the suit labelled with stuff like 'shooty things' and the 'magical part.' He mainly did it just to piss off Fury. Steve didn't like the man much- he didn't like people with agendas.  He had a sense he wasn't being told everything.  So why should he tell them everything?  He'd hoped that the future might be more open to treating omegas like people, but in his (admittedly limited experience), that was not the case.  It had made him bitter.  And working for Tony hadn't helped.
and you're wasting your time on him? You want an Alpha and stability? You can have those things without having a guy who doesn't value you for how awesome you are."
"Yeah, I like the quizzes.  Turns out my spirit color is orange.  I would've guessed red, but whatever."
"Oh thank God you're dressed," she said when she saw Steve.  She was speaking a little too quickly.  "Mendez, put that swan into the second living room, please!  ...no, not
"It doesn't even matter. He'll be stuck in a freezer for at least another twenty years, that's what they've told Clint, so...it doesn't matter. Me and Tony are good now. I'm happy with him."
.  I mean, look at the number of times DUMM-E has hurt me, and I still keep him around.  ...useless piece of junk."
Inside the box was the collar and two keys.  The collar was silver... more specifically, vibranium imported from Wakanda.  It was enameled with a white filigree and had a subtle smattering of sapphires, just enough to make the blue of Steve's eyes pop.  One of the keys had a matching sapphire set into the base, but the other one had a garnet.
"The heat's over. I'm as safe as can be," Steve said calmly. "If I'm going to be any use to SHIELD, you're going to have to trust me."
Eric looked over.  "Oh, yeah, the hospitality suite's always the place to be.  That's where they hold the charity auction, too. Plus there's a little corner for omegas, you know, for them to socialize.  Sometimes I drop Piper off for the day so she can hang out with her little friends, she loves it. Don't you, Pip?"
He pulled his own goggles up so at least Tony could see his face (not that Steve was sure he even wanted to). "Tony?" He asked, his voice hesitant. "Can you hear me?"
"I think one drink wouldn't hurt.  Besides, it'll be good for us all to get to know each other," said Natasha casually.
"You should eat," said Phil quietly, edging the sandwich Sam had brought over toward Steve.  He was sealing the swabs into little tubes and then the tube into envelopes, labeling them with small, neat handwriting.
In the forties, a trio meant an Alpha who either had two omegas, or a beta and an omega.  And the omegas were always mothers. Never fathers.
if we found Ashtray or Trickshot, and I think we did.  We've been trying to call all evening but both yours and Steve's phones are dead."
There was a sudden loud thump and Wanda dropped to the floor.  Gleason stood behind her, his briefcase aloft. "Oh my goodness... you really are one of my more high-maintenance patients," he said to Steve, peering down at Wanda through his glasses.
"I'm okay," Steve whispered and finally let his gaze drift back to Tony's face. He swallowed. "I just...I just..."  He reached up and his fingertips ghosted over Tony's cheek. "I just wanna be good for you," he whispered.
!" snapped Tony.  "What the hell am I supposed to do for a fucking week if I'm not allowed in my shop?" demanded Tony.
Pepper pressed her fingers into her temples, rubbing them.  "This is our first vacation in two years and the last thing I need is to come home to bad press, Stan... the way Tony was acting back there..."  She shook her head.  Tony may have been spoiled and impulsive but he was rarely out of control.  He and Justin had, for a split second, both looked completely feral.
He offered Tony a stack of pancakes, but Tony, who was sitting on the counter, had frozen and was staring off into the distance.  The hand gripping his drink was white-knuckled. "...Mr. Stark?" James looked at Steve, confused. Tony had turned off like a robot.  "Hey, uh, Mr. Stark? ...hello...?"
"Stop complaining!  God! These millennials!  Always complaining! Have you two eaten?  Do you want some food before the interview?
"I never really drove cars all that much. It was either my bike or a tank or a rover," Steve admitted a little sheepishly. He grabbed a jacket as Tony busied himself with a wipe, getting the gel off of his fingertips. Steve slid it over his shoulders. It fit just right. How did JARVIS even....?
"...yes, of course," said George, who was miming vomiting.  "I was hoping you could make an exception. My Kerry is a very good girl."
"неважно, James," said Pietro with a roll of his eyes.  He should've known the Alpha was incapable of focusing for that long.  Even without the distraction of Steve, Bucky was fairly spacey.
Downstairs, Sitwell was trying to discuss notes with Phil, who had pulled a pile of towels out of a linens closet and also found a hamper with a bunch of dirty clothes, and was currently arranging everything into a pile on the floor with intense concentration.  Pepper was sitting on the end of the couch, feet tucked under her, sleepily sipping a hot cup of tea. She had helped Phil move some of the orchids to clear space, but he'd snapped at her when she tried to help with the nest ("That doesn't go there!"
"Oh, no problem.  I can call back later," said Gideon smoothly.  "And if Donner wants to take my call, I assume you'll let him, since it's
"They'll be here in twenty minutes," Pepper said, checking her phone. "Rhodey said he's agreed to come."
There were plenty of things about Steve that Tony didn't like or agree with.  But that was because they were fundamentally different people.
The doctors had told him the ice had fucked up his biology. No more heats (he'd been too sick for his body to have them in the thirties anyway). No children (not that he really wanted any). He'd had no hint of one for the five months he'd been awake.
Tony gestured to the jungle of orchids.  "Where would we put it? We'll spend Christmas at the lodge, it's fine, they'll have a tree up for us there.  ...you're coming too, right?"
Steve was talking, but Bucky was still basking in the amusement of seeing Steve behind the wheel of a car.  He was actually pretty good.
Pietro stared in surprise.  He'd certainly been called a spade before, but that didn't make it any more shocking.  "Fuck you, man!" he managed.
Pepper huffed and let it go.  After seeing how Tony had been without Steve for two months, she was just glad they were back together.  Also, Tony was at present too distracted to think about the upcoming anniversary, for which she was grateful.  "Fine, do whatever you like. Just sign these documents."
"I know he looks dead, but that's just a side effect of the cryo," JARVIS supplied in a monotone voice.  "Thanks to the serum, he's chock-full of nucleating proteins.  The amount of sugar in his blood has kept him from freezing completely solid.  We think we'll be able to wake him up in a couple more years.  Of course, there's no telling how his mind is, but physically, he should be just fine."
"1938? On my God," Steve whispered and gently picked a few up. "They're as old as me," he joked weakly and smiled as he picked up a petal whole. Steve gently set it down on top of Mark's letter.
. There was everything Steve could possibly ever need and more. He'd raided some gym supplies, stealing some clothes that were probably Happy's. They were tight on him, but only Tony was going to see him in them so it hardly mattered, right?
"Don't," warned Tony, a lot sharper than he meant to.  He didn't want anyone to act like this was a big deal.  He didn't want to give it any significance in his life.  Why was everyone so focused on a pregnancy they hadn't even known about?  Wasn't anyone upset that Steve had been
is why people need Christmas.  To take a break from all this. You should take one, too, while the boys go up to the lodge.  You've been juggling a lot for Steve. It'll wear you down, burn you out. I learned that with Tony.  Sometimes you just have to let go of the wheel for a while, take a leap of faith... hope that they make the right decision."
"Stark will be coming here. It's a waiting game. You're the bait," Pietro said simply as he pushed through another tray of water for good measure.
"I was going to ask you the same thing," Steve said. "No one’s given me the full story from Yemen yet. I still don't know what kind of situation I left behind. I... I heard him speak to me once, I think. But how do I know it's him and not...
"I don't think Thor is a project Tony," Steve said, eyes narrowing as he read through the lines as they appeared. "I think it's a person."
know. I don't remember a lot. If that's not enough for them, then, well...I have nothing left to give them anyway."
Steve sat on the bottom of the pool, legs crossed underneath himself. He stared up at the blinking sunlight that bled into the water. He felt oddly serene in that moment.
He strode over to Steve, kneeling on the bed.  Steve's head was down, neck exposed, posture perfect.  Tony reached out to run a hand down his neck, briefly, an approval, then he waited for Steve to obey.  He hadn't asked Steve to pack the collar but Steve had and Tony held it gently in his hands, warming it, waiting for Steve.
"I'll have a burger, too... oh, and this tiger prawn thing, this looks good," said Tony.  "And another black-and-tan... just keep them coming. I'll tell you when to stop."
Steve dried out on the balcony with a fluffy dressing gown on. The view was stunning. This kind of luxury...it still felt surreal.
"Steve, why did you draw that? You're bleeding," Pepper said as calmly as she could muster, moving to kneel down.
, please help, he's bleeding. He's my mate. Please," Tony was babbling.  This was the first proper doctor he'd seen (he didn't trust nurses to be good enough for Steve) and on top of that, she was an omega, which made Tony feel inexplicably safer, as if her status made her more likely to understand just how important Steve was.  (Tony had already gotten into several fights with triage because he couldn't understand why everyone was acting like Steve's injuries weren't taking first priority.)
Tony squinted at the photo.  "...I..." He wasn't certain.  "...I don't know. That might be it.  ...yeah. Maybe. I'm like... sixty-five percent sure?  ...I'm sorry, it's just... Steve..."
"Nonsense, she's a beta, she can't tell.  Take her before I drip all over the carpet."  Pepper deposited the baby into Tiberius's arms and walked away; Tiberius looked down at the baby and several expressions passed over his face, finally settling on a combination of longing and adoration.
"C'mon, Steve," he said quietly, dragging Steve off toward the bar, hoping no one would talk to them on the way.  Clearly this had been a terrible, terrible idea.
Steve's breath hitched as Bucky leaned down to nuzzle at his fingers. He traced his fingertips over Bucky's face slowly; his forehead, his nose, his cheek, his lips. As if somehow that solidify that he was real. "I wish you could remember," he whispered. Steve was beginning to feel emotional again. Seeing Bucky like this sent so many feelings and memories of his own rushing back. He was trembling with excitement; he was overwhelmed.  What were the goddamn chances that his best friend, like him, would be flung into the future?  That they'd find each other seventy years later like this?  It was like a fairy tale.
"Steve," mumbled Tony.  "I want you to move all your stuff in.  It's been two weeks.  Even though it's stupid and old-timey and totally clashes with my style.  I'll pay for the shipping.  Hold on, I gotta check my arc reactor before bed."  Without waiting for Steve to reply, he tugged down his shirt and pulled out the reactor.  Steve had gotten used to Tony pulling it out and digging around in the hole in his chest; he did it nearly every morning in the shower.  He gave it a few swipes and then crammed it back in.  "All's clear," he reported.  "Good night, 'mega.  See you in the morning."
"No.  Rejection means being denied something; loss means losing something you already had.  ...I think."
"No, by the time we got upstairs, they'll probably already have it on.  It's fine. Besides, if we open the door again, that damned zero will run back in here and cause another mess," said the woman, trying to scoop up the papers all over the floor by the light of her cell phone.  The rest of them bent down to help her, ignoring the knocking on the other side of the door.
The soldier hopped onto the countertop and rolled up the sleeve of his right arm.  Karpov pulled out a small brown bottle and a syringe.
Danielle leaned her hip against the countertop that was littered with Banksy's things, most of which consisted of hair products. "That's not what he asked you," she pointed out, voice deceptively soft.
"Yeah, I wouldn't do anything different.  I love my life," he insisted.  "...no regrets..."  He stared at Steve.  Steve was staring out over the ocean, his face stony.  Tony caught a hint of Steve's after-heat and his knees felt weak suddenly.  Steve smelled
"The ones I had access to, yes.  Tony.  You had a complete and total break-down when you found out about Steve's old Alpha.  Of course I read Steve's files.  You're my best friend and you bonded to an omega with a long history.  I worry about you," said Rhodes.
"Yeah.  Yeah, I... I think that's it," he said, a little more confidently.  There was still a sense of anxiety, but now, it was less about finding Steve, and more about what the hell he'd say to him when they saw each other again for the first time in nearly two months.
Either they knew who Steve was talking about or just didn't ask. God, he was starting to feel sick. He wanted Tony. He missed Tony. Tony smelt so nice...
Steve sighed. He sounded tired... not physically.  Nothing ever tired Steve out physically. It was an emotional kind of weariness. "He wants to have a vasectomy."
She set him down on a couch in his shop and went upstairs to consult JARVIS.  "Why isn't Tony speaking?" she demanded.
sent me tulips.  What if it's HYDRA, messing with me?  Or the Winter Soldier, trying to mess up my head so I'll be an easier target?"
"It's like you're high." Aria peered at him, checking his eyes, just to be sure, before she got out by her apartment.
With that, DeSoto sat firmly on the floor.  He looked like he wasn't used to standing up for himself and seemed a bit surprised to find himself arguing with Captain America, of all people.
"No.  No, you're right, Tony.  I was mad at you but you couldn't have done anything.  We were only teens. The important thing is that we're finally exposing the camps once and for all, and having them shut down."
we can go home." He caught Steve's hand on his chest and guided it down, gently, between his legs, letting Steve feel his stiff cock through the fabric of his clothes.  He leaned forward to nip playfully at Steve.
Thankfully, Steve would be spending the very next day with Clint, so hopefully, he would be protected from the worst of the backlash.
"Don't try and defend him Natasha," Steve said firmly. "You're better than that." The Alpha went quiet. "But...going out sounds nice," Steve murmured, accepting the offered olive branch with a softness in his voice and an almost nervous twist in his belly. "I'd like that."
He dropped his outstretched hand, staring at Steve.  He'd never ridden on the back of a motorcycle before; he owned eight bikes, currently, and took a lot of joy in riding them, although less now that he had the suits.  As fun as a motorcycle was, it was really nothing compared to the speed and maneuverability and freedom he felt in the exos.
"Alright, take... what is this... thirty-two?  Thirty-two already?  Jesus.  Okay.  Let's wrap this up, it's already eleven-ten."  He cleared his throat; the image skipped a few times and Tony held his breath, but the film continued to play.  "Welcome, ladies and gentleman, to the Stark Expo--"
"Did I...?"  Tony let the question hover uncertainly in the air.  Steve had made him breakfast.  That's what people did, right?  After sex?  Made each other breakfast?  Tony wouldn't know, he had never done that.  When he was done, he would sleep, then let himself out before his partner woke and let Pepper handle the aftermath.  Tony Stark did not make people breakfast.  He also didn't cuddle or do any sort of post-coital pillow talk.  Not his style.  "Did we...?"
"...my sheets," he managed.  Considering he'd just spat out Steve's semen all over them and also creamed all over Steve's leg, he doubted there was any saving them.
Tony growled without meaning to and a moment later he and Hammer were inches from each other's faces.  He didn't even realize he was doing it until he was there, teeth bared, ready to tear Justin limb from limb.  Justin dropped Steve's hand in a flash.
In fact, he felt a bit bad because all of these guys actually seemed pretty okay.  A couple had approached him to congratulate him on snagging Captain America, and another couple had come over to congratulate him on Iron Man, and he’d discovered he shared a mutual love of Fender guitars with some famous country musician who was there, and also found out that Eric was fixing up a classic Mustang.  It was hard for Tony not to like people who liked cars, guitars, and blonds. That was kind of Tony's
"No... no, no, no, Steve, I love you, I love you more than anything... you're my good boy, my perfect omega... you're right here with me, Steve.  I haven't left you. I love you."
The split-second pause after landing had given Rhodey enough time to grab him; the weight of the suit slamming into the other, combined with the speed, causing both of them to slide all the way across the stage, through a screen, and down a half-flight of stairs into the table of food Tony had been eyeing less than thirty minutes earlier.
Steve could feel like a tug in his gut and he felt sick almost instantly. Tony was upset. Tony wanted to leave. Tony was...disappointed? Steve blinked and rubbed a hand over his face, pushing wet hair back from his forehead before he stepped out of the shower. Why had Tony flipped? What had- was it about-
"It's actually very, very common," said Dr. McDermott during one of his check-ins.  "Family members often cycle together, and the pheromones from a heat can induce labor."
"Well, as an ex-weapons designer-- oh, hi, Christine!  This is... uh... well, she's from the New Yorker and she's from... did you say Huffington, darling?  This is Christine-- from-- from Vanity Fair? Right?-- as I was saying, changed is a strong word, I think this just demonstrates what I already--"
Steve stared at his tea and his shoulders sagged. It had over-brewed, the tea bag left in for too long. He hated that.
"...maybe on your birthday," Steve conceded and smiled a little. "I forgot how pedantic you were about bed sheets. I almost missed it. But yeah... I think sleeping naked I can deal with. I forgot how hot I get in this goddamn house anyway.  And I want you to be happy."
"We had a good day. It was relaxing. We made pizza and stuff," Steve said and felt bad for holding back about Clint's family. But it wasn't his secret to tell. Once they were closer maybe Clint and Natasha would tell him themselves; Steve hoped so at least. He didn't like the thought of keeping something like this from Tony forever.
Tony took a few steps to close the gap between him and Steve.  He looked up at the blond and nuzzled his jaw. "Don't ever stop being a stubborn, uppity omega who doesn't know his place," he said quietly, smiling.  He ran a hand down Steve's side, waited until his expression had softened a little, then blurted out, "I didn't pick out anything to wear even though I said I did last week."  He offered Steve one of his helpless grins.
He rose unsteadily.  He hadn't eaten all day and his insides felt empty.  "So I'm done?" he asked groggily.
Annette had been joined by two other reporters, both blondes.  With the two blondes on either side of Annette, Tony was struggling not to refer to them as a Reverse Oreo, even though he was thinking it loudly.
"Maybe you should just take him home," Aria said, watching Tony with a strange expression on her face.  "Don't get ketchup on your suit, Steve!"
." Steve sighed. "I don't know. I don't know how to communicate with him at all. He keeps saying I'm a bad omega. It's probably something Gideon put in his head."
Steve gasped at the first wet press of lips and tongue and had to stop himself from bucking up automatically at the touch, forcing himself to let Tony explore as he pleased. The way he teased at Steve was maddening and soon he was letting out soft little whines and squirming, his entrance becoming wet. It was almost too much. Steve hadn't been touched like this for over two months (and he'd barely touched himself in that time, either; the serum definitely upped his sex drive, but while he and Tony were separated, he had simply lost interest in sexual gratification).
Of course, following March was what Tony glibly called his "Afghanistanniversary," which came with its own set of neuroses.  Pepper had been trying to convince Tony not to throw his usual party, but he had thrown one in 2009 and 2010 and he was damned if he was going to end the traditional now.  Steve hadn't yet been present for that, coming to Tony in early May, just before his birthday. Although Tony liked celebrating the day of his escape, it also dredged up a lot of terrible memories.  The 2010 party, just before Steve had appeared on the scene, had ended with a massive orgy and then a lot of crying from both the girls (when Tony had Pepper escort them out) and Tony (who was high on God-knows-what and didn't remember most of it, instead reading all about the orgy in the tabloids the next day while battling a terrible hangover).
Most of it wasn't too bad.  A lot of people thought it was very progressive of a trio with an omega and two Alphas.  Some were saying it was merely a publicity stunt. Others were pointing out that, even if Steve's old mate was still alive, he would be in his nineties and that functionally, Steve really only had one Alpha, Tony.  And many more were pointing out that Steve himself only considered himself pair-bonded to Tony so all this talk of the mysterious other Alpha was a moot point anyway.
and just... stripped it away. How can someone like that have a baby?  How can he cope with that kind of responsibility? He can't even deal with it when we ask him
Whilst Tony left him on hold, Steve had rescued his cup of tea with milk and sugar.  He liked how available the stuff was; you could get it anywhere, anytime.  The future was amazing like that.  "I can't believe you put me on hold for that asshole," Steve said, his tone almost teasing. He sipped at his tea and toed off his shoes before he moved to sit down on his couch, knees tucked against his chest.
"That's weird.  He and Boswell seem to have one of those overly perfect, really conventional couples.  How old's Boswell, anyway? Must be well into his seventies by now," said Marcus.
A bit of a slow chapter, but with some important world-building (in my humblest opinion). Stay tuned for dinner at the White House, Tony's psych eval, and the ever-thickening mysteries of the Winter Soldier and the Tesseract!  Plus, Steve's ongoing crusade as a civil rights leader, and Tony's ongoing crusade against his own liver! - T
Pepper made it clear that she wanted Steve to get settled in his cabin before things got bad. They gave him a crate of water bottles and a handful of energy bars. Steve practically sighed in relief as he staggered onto the plane and the cabin door was shut behind him. Pepper locked it behind her as she left, keeping the key as Steve couldn't trust himself. And JARVIS was authorized to prevent Steve from leaving, or Tony entering; JARVIS was as neutral of a party as any beta would be.
Gideon stood and fixed Steve with a long, hard stare. "There is nothing natural about you, Captain."
The asset didn't think; he reacted.  He was after the blond in an instant, all semblance of thought gone.
Across the cafeteria, a couple of young men in fatigues were watching Steve and jostling each other.  Actually, they were really just jostling one kid.  He was almost a head shorter than the rest and Steve was willing to bet anything he was an omega.  The kid was bright red and was clearly shy; the rest of his peers were gesturing excitedly toward Steve and trying to push him over.
Steve pressed an open mouthed kiss to the side of Tony's neck. And then he fucked himself with abandon, each thrust still thorough but faster now. His thighs were even beginning to tremble now and he hadn't thought that possible, but the stretch was something else. It felt more than it ever had been before and Steve thrived in it. It turned him on beyond belief. "Tony...oh...oh god...please..." His words were as coherent as the sounds that escaped the back of his throat. Steve's fingers dug into the back of the bath, possibly even leaving little dents in their wake- oops?
Sam edged slowly around Tony, pulling out his phone.  He snapped a picture of the face off of the floor and sent it off to someone. Pepper frowned, looking deeply disturbed.
Steve stood on shaky legs. He'd have to keep the clothes on to protect himself from the sun. Maybe this was heaven, or hell. Yes. Steve probably would end up there. He'd killed people, let his unfilled Alpha die...vhe was awash with sin. Killing Schmidt didn't make up for that, not when he'd enjoyed it so goddamn much.  At best, this was limbo.  But definitely not heaven.
Steve felt a pang of guilt in his chest when Tony pointed that out. If he could go back in time he would have done things differently, but that didn't matter now. What mattered was proving to Tony that his intentions were genuine and that he'd never once compromised the Iron Man designs. And after everything Steve didn't even know if he could continue to work for SHIELD...not after finding all the bugs in his own flat and laptop. Trust had to go both ways.
A huge portion of his physical had revolved around his chest.  Naturally.  His sternum had been crushed, most of it removed to make way for the arc reactor.  The X-rays showed shards like glass needles clustered around the middle of Tony’s chest, bright white and gleaming, standing out from behind the edges of the circular reactor.  Tony was glad they'd spent so much time focused on that and not on the scar on the back of his neck.
They sat like that for hours. It was comfortable and calming and Steve could have sat like that forever. He drew everything and nothing. He did lazy sketches of Tony's face but it was hard to complete them at this angle. He drew the gorgeous view from outside the windows and made building-like shapes with smudged up graphite when he got bored of just drawing with fine lines.
Tony grunted from their bed. He'd been up late in his workshop. Steve walked over to kiss his forehead. "It's okay," he whispered. "You don't have to get up."
"We can slip it in after 84, maybe? It's gonna get pretty busy after this week," Steve breathed. "I'm filming the video tomorrow, right?  The one we're releasing the day of?"
Instead, he let go of Steve's hand under the table, took off his sunglasses, reached over, and laid his hand over the back of Steve's neck, looking at Steve with an expression that he hoped communicated that the mark on Steve's neck was nothing compared to almost losing him forever.
"We should get you some water," he murmured and leaned forward and kissed Tony's forehead. Steve took his hand and gently lead him towards the kitchen.
"Bit of help?" called Tony, holding up a hand.  Christine lobbed the cue ball at him; he caught it and set it on the table, then went over to wrap an arm around Steve's waist.  He could feel Steve's sudden unrest in his gut.
"...I'm not letting anyone carry me.  It'll only churn up the rumor mill.  It's better that everyone sees us walk out together," said Tony stubbornly.  He'd already pulled out his phone to text Happy, Pepper, and Charlie.  One of the benefits of being filthy rich was that he could go anywhere he wanted at the drop of a hat.  And currently, he wanted to go back to California, far away from New York and, more specifically, far away from this stupid hospital.  His foot didn't even hurt that much!  He was pretty sure that, with a few shots of scotch, he'd be able to walk on it without the slightest hint of a limp.  This was one of the ways he kept Pepper from protesting suit tests too much; he took a few drinks every time he accidentally smashed into a wall.  Alcohol was a perfect pain killer and his tolerance was high enough that he could keep working even after a couple of shots.
it. Even with the way I am now, I still have Alphas objectifying me.  Though," Steve added quickly. "I feel I should say I'm still impressed with some changes we've made. I think the way people see gender has improved a lot. Alphas were always pressured to be masculine and omegas to be feminine, and it's nice to see that that's mostly died out. I think that people are a lot more free to be who they want to be now, even if it isn't always easy for them.  It's nice for me, because, you know, the serum, it... made me... you know."  Steve gestured to himself.
Tony cringed, hard.  Gideon and Donner had just appeared behind them and Gideon was grinning ear-to-ear.  "Well, well, Stark... I was
Inside the observation room, Phil was still serenely sipping his coffee.  Behind him, in the interrogation room, Natasha and Sitwell were struggling.
Tony felt sick at the idea of needing to be "taught" how to have a relationship with Steve.  He and Steve had a perfect relationship already; they were bonded, they lived together, they fucked, they were friends... this talk of him "learning" how to abuse Steve was so fucking backwards, but how could he say no, now that Gideon of all people had stood up for him?
"Ha. Of course." He pressed the button for the fourth floor. "Bet Mr. Stark is regretting betting himself instead of you now, if he's been stuck in the garage."
"Phil's in heat, Clint's in heat, Natasha's with Clint, Fury scares the bejeebus out of me, and Sam--"  Tony paused. Sam was an Alpha, but Sam was only interested in other Alphas. Hmmm. "--okay, you come over and I'll call Sam."
"Immune to inducers..." scoffed one.  "I could make a couple of rocks fuck if you gave me  enough funding."
They parked outside the restaurant and when they got out, they got their first glimpse of the king's personal bodyguard.  Beside from the police in their uniforms and the security details in their suits and sunglasses, the Dora Milaje stood out like sore thumbs.  There were two outside the restaurant; tall, muscular, and dark-skinned, both were wearing light shirts and loose pants, both patterned and in bright colors, like they were planning on attending a music festival later.  They had heavy black-and-gold collars on that fit loosely, more like necklaces, and heavy gold earrings. One had her hair shaved on one side; the other had hers in cornrows. Both of their gazes fixed on Tony and Steve and the spattering of guards behind them as they walked up to the restaurant.
Hal sighed and walked over; the woman put an arm around her and gently led her out, probably to get some air.  It must have been Steph. She didn't seem angry, just concerned for Hal.  Hal was tough but based on her outburst, the convention was taking an emotional toll on her.
Tony pulled off his thoroughly soaked shirt and tried to wipe off Steve's face with it; Steve was still red and his eyes puffy.
"Wow, that's great, Justin, really, we could always use some comic relief... Stan, does Justin have a slot? Can you fit him in?"
"--Fury is the one who helped me set this up," said Clint, gesturing vaguely.  "I wanted to keep it off the record. Records can be hacked."
"We'd like to meet in a more neutral environment to talk these issues over," said Dr. Brazinski.  She didn't need to say that Tony wandering around with his dick hanging out, drinking cocktails straight from the carton, was not exactly a therapeutic environment.  "...and I want to add,
He got up suddenly and crossed the room.  He grabbed a book off the table and tore out a page from the back, then walked back over to the bed.  He tore a long strip of paper, twisted it, licked the ends, and stuck them together. "...
Upstairs, Tony was hugging Steve to him, heart pounding, breathing heavily after another orgasm.  He nosed Steve's ear. He was still furious, yet also affectionate; his mind and his body were tugging him in all directions.  His knot throbbed inside of Steve, who was wrapped around him like a spider monkey.
Steve almost felt tears well up in his eyes and swallowed down a lump in his throat. He lifted Tony's hand up and kissed the backs of his fingers. "I will," he whispered. Alphas who did that kind of thing were the weakest type of person in Steve's mind and he couldn't wait to watch so many of them topple down from their high horses.
"I don't know, maybe he's confusing a dream with a vision.  But it sounds like HYDRA found a way to exploit their bond after all," said Sam, dialing.  "Hello, Hill? Need you at Stark manor, we got a big problem."
To distract himself from the ache in his chest, he played Tetris on his phone half-heartedly until they landed, and then he let Steve escort him into the limo and to the hotel.  The time zone change and climate difference made Tony feel a little under the weather.  Or at least, that’s what he told himself.  He didn’t want to think about the other possibility, that he was legitimately ill.
"What am I supposed to say?  I don't even-- I don't even get his anatomy, for fuck's sake, I don't know a damn thing about omegas or heats or bonding, I thought we were both sterile, we weren't using protection because we had no idea that you could get knocked up during the honeymoon period--"
Tony dumped them in the trash before climbing heavily down the steps to the basement.  "JARVIS, play some shop music for me.  I'm feeling motivated," called Tony.  He cracked his knuckles, surveying his space; with a few flicks of his fingers, he woke up his computer and pulled up the files for the suit, dragging out a 3D holographic model of the circuitry.
they could deal with all the other HYDRA lowlifes... the ones that didn't make Steve go all weird and crazy.
Frond laughed again.  She was apparently immune to all jabs and insults.  Tony found it both irritating and enviable.
He replaced the gin and moved back around the bar to sit on a chair, slouching down in it and spreading his legs out, watching Steve.
Rhodey had the suit; the world would be okay without him.  Pepper had the company; Stark Industries would live on without him.  And hey, he'd had a good party.  Gone out with a bang.  He'd made it to forty, which wasn't so bad.  And here he was, watching the sun come up, warm liquid yellow, the palm trees swaying.
"Where are we going out to?  You like Italian?  Spago is good, uhh... Il Cielo is amazing, actually... I'll pay... Natasha's not gonna, like, kick my ass, is she?  Last time I saw her she looked ready to kick my ass.  In her defense, I was being a real dick to you."  Tony turned suddenly.  "...I'm sorry," he said softly.  "...for being a dick."
He thought back to the way Maggie had just pressed behind his ear. It was terrifying. What if people learned to use that in battles, in fights? Steve couldn't have floored Johann Schmidt if he'd done that to him. Frond was dangerous and Steve didn't like it. He usually considered himself someone who wasn't easily manipulated but she'd told him to stop laughing. And he had. He would have found it humiliating if he hadn't found it more petrifying.
There were still orchids everywhere, but for the most part, deliveries had tapered off.  The official count was over eight hundred; half the pool deck was occupied by little pots, the tall, bright, exotic flowers creating a kaleidoscope effect every time you looked out the back window.  Tony had moved the orchids from Pepper and Rhodey into his shop.  The rest were scattered haphazardly around.  Tony was glad that no more tulips have arrived.  It was a cheap flower, anyway.
